 one they always screamed . 
 my assignment wailed as she slipped in the mud , whipping her head around to see if i was gaining on her . 
 i was . 
 her feet hit solid pavement and she broke into a full sprint . 
 my feet grazed the ground as i chased her , my short legs easily overtaking her panicked attempt at running . 
 i yanked her arm . 
 she hit the ground . 
 the sound that escaped her mouth was more animal than human as she desperately tried to stand . 
 i hated the screaming . 
 i pulled two sets of cuffs off my belt and secured them around her wrists and feet . 
 `` no , no , no , no , '' she choked out as i attached the leash to her handcuffs . 
 `` i did n't do it . '' 
 i wrapped the leash around my hand and ignored her protests as i hauled her to her feet and dragged her down the street past the crumbling wooden shacks . 
 `` it was n't me ! 
 i did n't kill nobody ! '' 
 her movements became wild , almost convulsive , and i turned to glare at her . 
 `` there 's some human left in you , ai n't there ? '' 
 she asked , craning her neck to look at the number above the bar code on my wrist . 
 she froze . 
 her eyes flew from the 178 printed on my skin to my face and she let out another shriek . 
 no . 
 there was no human left in me . 
 the screaming continued as i led her to the shuttle and threw her inside with the other members of her gang . 
 the metal bars clanged down as soon as i stepped aside , but she did n't try to make a run for it . 
 she dove behind two bloodied humans in back . 
 away from me . 
 i turned around , my eyes flicking over the slums . 
 the deserted dirt road stretched out in front of me , dotted with poorly constructed wooden homes . 
 one of them was leaning so heavily to the left i thought it might tip over at the slightest gust of wind . 
 `` wren one-seventy-eight , '' i said , adjusting the camera on my helmet so it pointed straight out . 
 `` assignment secure . '' 
 `` assist tom forty-five , '' a voice on the other end of my com ordered . 
 `` in pursuit on dallas street . 
 coming up on the corner of main . '' 
 i took off down the dirt road and turned into an alley , the stench of rotten trash hanging in the humid air so thick i wanted to bat it away from my face . 
 i sucked in a deep breath and held it in my lungs , trying to block out the smell of the slums . 
 forty-five whizzed past the alleyway on the paved road in front of me , his black pants torn and flapping against his skinny legs . 
 he left a liquid trail behind him i assumed was blood . 
 i darted onto the street and flew past him , the sound of my boots causing the human ahead of us to turn . 
 this one did n't scream . 
 yet . 
 he stumbled on the uneven road and a knife fell from his hand and skidded across the pavement . 
 i was close enough to hear his panicked breathing as he dove for it . 
 i reached for him , but he shot to his feet , whirling around and slicing the blade across my stomach . 
 i jumped back as the blood trickled down my midsection and the human 's lips turned up in a triumphant smile , like this was a victory . 
 i resisted the urge to roll my eyes . 
 forty-five hurled himself at the beefy human , taking them both down . 
 i had n't trained forty-five , and it was obvious . 
 sloppy and impulsive , he was barely faster than the human . 
 before i could intercede , beefy took hold of forty-five 's neck , gave his helmet a shove with his palm , and jammed the knife straight through the boy 's forehead . 
 i winced as forty-five gurgled and slid off him , his bright , gold eyes vacant as he hit the dirt . 
 the human scrambled to his feet , doing a few celebratory jumps and making whooping sounds . 
 `` yeah ! 
 what you got , blondie ? '' 
 i adjusted my com , ignoring the human 's annoying attempt to bait me . 
 `` wren one-seventy-eight . 
 forty-five down . '' 
 beefy 's smile slid off his face at the mention of my number . 
 `` continue . '' 
 the voice coming through my com was flat , uninterested . 
 i locked eyes with beefy . 
 i wanted him to run . 
 i wanted to kick his legs out from under him and smash that triumphant look on his face into the dirt . 
 i took a quick glance down at forty-five . 
 i wanted it to hurt . 
 beefy whirled around and raced away from me , pumping his flabby arms as fast as he could . 
 i bit back a smile as i watched him go . 
 i 'd let him have a tiny head start . 
 the chase was my favorite part . 
 i leaped over forty-five 's body and the human looked back as i gained on him . 
 i grabbed his shirt and he stumbled with a grunt , his face smacking against the ground . 
 he clawed desperately at the gravel , but it was too late . 
 i jammed my foot into his back as i pulled out my cuffs . 
 i snapped them around his ankles . 
 he screamed , of course . 
 `` wren one-seventy-eight . 
 forty-five 's assignment is now secure . '' 
 `` report to the shuttle , '' the voice in my ear said . 
 i attached a leash to beefy 's wrists , jerking it tighter until he yelped in pain , and tugged him over to tom forty-five 's body . 
 he was a young kid , maybe fourteen or so , just out of training . 
 i avoided his vacant eyes as i roped the leash around his wrists . 
 i lugged them past the sad little wooden houses of the slums and back to the shuttle , the blood crusting on my stomach as my wound closed . 
 i shoved beefy into the black box with the other humans , who cringed at the mere sight of me . 
 i turned away and headed for the other shuttle , pausing to pull the knife out of tom forty-five 's head . 
 the door opened and the reboots looked up from their seats , their eyes immediately skipping over me to rest on forty-five . 
 i pushed aside the nagging voice that said i should have been able to save him , and carefully placed him on the floor . 
 i took a quick glance around the shuttle and found my most recent trainee , marie one-thirty-five , strapped into her seat . 
 i scanned her for signs of injury , but did n't see any . 
 she 'd survived her first solo mission . 
 not that i 'd expected otherwise . 
 she looked from me to forty-five and back again . 
 she 'd been silent through most of our training , so i barely knew her any better then i had her first day as a newbie , but i thought the expression on her face was gratitude . 
 my trainees had the best survival rate . 
 i handed the knife to the shuttle officer , who gave me a sympathetic look . 
 leb was the only officer i could tolerate . 
 the only human i could tolerate , for that matter . 
 i took one of the small seats lined up inside the black windowless shuttle , pulling the straps down my chest as i leaned back . 
 i stole a glance up at the other reboots , but they were all looking at forty-five sadly . 
 one even wiped at tears on her face , smearing blood and dirt across her cheek in the process . 
 the lower numbers often cried . 
 forty-five probably cried . 
 he was only dead forty-five minutes before he rose . 
 the less time dead before the reboot , the more humanity retained . 
 i was dead for 178 minutes . 
 i did n't cry . 
 leb walked to the front of the shuttle and gripped the edge of the open door as he peered inside . 
 `` ready , '' he said to the officer piloting the shuttle . 
 he pulled the door closed and i heard the locks snap into place . 
 we lifted off the ground as leb slid into his seat . 
 i shut my eyes until i felt the shuttle land with a jerk . 
 the reboots silently filed out onto the rooftop , and i resisted the urge to look back at forty-five one more time as i brought up the rear . 
 i joined the line , pulling my long-sleeved black shirt off to reveal a thin white undershirt . 
 the cool air tickled my skin as i tossed the shirt over my shoulder , spread my legs , and held my arms out like i was trying to fly . 
 i saw a reboot fly once . 
 he jumped off the top of a fifteen-story building with his arms spread , hit the ground , and tried to drag his broken body to freedom . 
 he made it maybe two feet before they put a bullet in his head . 
 a guard , a human who smelled like sweat and smoke , quickly patted me down . 
 he could barely keep the grimace off his face and i turned to look at the squat little buildings of the slums instead . 
 the guards hated touching me . 
 i think they flipped for it . 
 he jerked his head toward the door , wiping his hands on his pants like he could wash the dead off . 
 nope . 
 i 'd tried . 
 a guard held the door open for me and i slipped through . 
 the top floors of the facility were all staff offices , and i ran down several flights of dark stairs and stopped at the eighth floor , reboot quarters . 
 below were two more floors reboots were allowed to access on a regular basis , but under that it was mostly medical research labs i rarely visited . 
 they liked to examine us occasionally , but they mostly used the space to research human diseases . 
 reboots do n't get sick . 
 i held my bar code out to the guard at the door and he scanned it and nodded . 
 my boots made little noise on the concrete floor as i made my way down the hall . 
 the girls in my wing were all asleep , or pretending to be . 
 i could see into every room through the glass walls . 
 privacy was a human right , not a reboot one . 
 two girls per room , one in each of the twin beds pushed against either wall . 
 a dresser at the end of both beds and one wardrobe at the back of the room to share-that 's what we called home . 
 i stopped in front of my quarters and waited for the guard to call in the order for someone upstairs to open my door . 
 only the humans could open the doors once they were locked at night . 
 the door slid open and ever rolled over in her bed as i stepped inside . 
 she had n't been sleeping much the last few weeks . 
 it seemed she was always awake when i came in after an assignment . 
 her big , green reboot eyes glowed in the darkness and she lifted her eyebrows , asking silently how the mission went . 
 talking after lights-out was prohibited . 
 i held up four fingers on one hand , five on the other , and she let out a little sigh . 
 her face scrunched up with an emotion i could no longer stir up in myself , and i turned away to loosen the strap of my helmet . 
 i put it on my dresser with my camera and com and peeled off my clothes . 
 i quickly pulled on sweats-i was cold , always cold-and climbed into my tiny bed . 
 ever 's pretty fifty-six face was still crumpled in sadness , and i rolled to stare at the wall , uncomfortable . 
 we 'd been roommates four years , since we were thirteen , but i 'd never gotten used to the way emotion poured out of her like a human . 
 i closed my eyes , but the sounds of human screams pulsed against my head . 
 i hated the screaming . 
 their screaming was my screaming . 
 the first thing i remembered after waking up as a reboot was a shrill yell bouncing off the walls and ringing in my ears . 
 i had thought , what idiot is making that noise ? 
 it was me . 
 me , shrieking like a crack addict two days out from a fix . 
 rather embarrassing . 
 i 'd always prided myself on being the quiet stoic one in every situation . 
 the one standing there calmly while the adults lost it . 
 but at the age of twelve , when i woke up in the dead room of the hospital 178 minutes after taking three bullets to the chest , i screamed . 
 i screamed as they branded my wrist with my bar code , my number , and my human name , wren connolly . 
 i screamed as they locked me in a cell , as they escorted me to the shuttle , as they put me in line with the other newly undead former children . 
 i screamed until i arrived at the human advancement and repopulation corporation , or harc , facility , and they told me screaming meant death . 
 acting like i was still a human child meant death . 
 disobeying orders meant death . 
 and then i was silent . 
 two `` do you think there will be a hot one this time ? '' 
 ever asked as i smoothed my black shirt down to my pants . 
 `` did n't you think seventy-two was hot ? '' 
 i asked , turning around to give her an amused look . 
 she liked it when i looked amused . 
 `` kind of a jerk , '' she said . 
 `` agreed . '' 
 `` i feel like we 've had a real dry spell . '' 
 i laced up my boots , genuine amusement sparking inside me . 
 new reboots arrived about every six weeks , a time many saw as an opportunity to replenish the dating pool . 
 we were n't allowed to date , but the birth-control chip they shot into the females ' arms the first day suggested they knew that was one rule they could n't actually enforce . 
 for me , new reboots meant only the start of a new training cycle . 
 i did n't date . 
 the lock on the door to our room clicked , like it did every morning at seven , and the clear door slid open . 
 ever stepped out , looping her long brown hair into a knot as she waited . 
 she often waited for me in the morning so we could walk to the cafeteria together . 
 i guessed this was a friend thing . 
 i saw the other girls doing it , so i went along with it . 
 i joined her in the hallway and the pasty human standing just outside our door shrank back at the sight of me . 
 she pulled the stack of clothes she was carrying closer to her chest , waiting for us to leave so she could drop them on our beds . 
 no human working at harc wanted to enter a small , enclosed space with me . 
 ever and i headed down the hallway , eyes straight forward . 
 the humans built glass walls so they could see our every movement . 
 reboots tried to afford one another a smidgen of privacy . 
 the halls were quiet in the mornings , the only sounds the occasional murmur of voices and the soft hum of the air-conditioning . 
 the cafeteria was one floor down , through a pair of big red doors that warned of the dangers inside . 
 we stepped into the room , which was blindingly white except for the clear glass that lined the upper portion of one wall . 
 harc officers were stationed on the other side , behind the guns mounted to the glass . 
 most of the reboots were already there , hundreds of them sitting on little round plastic seats at long tables . 
 the rows of bright eyes shining out against pale skin looked like a string of lights down every table . 
 the smell of death hung in the air , causing most humans who entered to wrinkle their noses . 
 i rarely noticed anymore . 
 ever and i did n't eat together . 
 once we got our food , she split off to the table for the under-sixties with her tray and i sat down at the table for one-twenties and higher . 
 the only one who came close to my number was hugo , at one-fifty . 
 marie one-thirty-five nodded at me as i sat down , as did a few others , but reboots over 120 minutes dead were not known for their social skills . 
 there was rarely much talking . 
 the rest of the room was noisy , though ; the chatter of reboots filled the cafeteria . 
 i bit into a piece of bacon as the red doors at the end of the room opened and a guard marched in , followed by the newbies . 
 i counted fourteen . 
 i 'd heard a rumor the humans were working on a vaccine to prevent rebooting . 
 it did n't look like they 'd succeeded yet . 
 there were no adults among them . 
 reboots over the age of twenty were killed as soon as they rebooted . 
 if they rebooted . 
 it was uncommon . 
 `` they ai n't right , '' a teacher once told me when i asked why they shot the adults . 
 `` the kids ai n't all there anymore , but the adults ... they ai n't right . '' 
 even from a distance , i could see some of the newbies shaking . 
 they ranged in age from about eleven or twelve to older teenagers , but the terror that radiated from them was the same . 
 it would have been less than a month since they rebooted , and it took most much longer to accept what had happened to them . 
 they were placed in a holding facility at the hospital in their hometown for a few weeks to adjust until harc assigned them to a city . 
 we continued to age like normal humans , so reboots under the age of eleven were held at the facility until they reached a useful age . 
 i 'd had to spend only a few days at the holding facility , but it was one of the worst parts of rebooting . 
 the actual building where they kept us was n't bad , simply a smaller version of where i lived now , but the panic was constant , all consuming . 
 we all knew there was a good possibility we would reboot if we died -lrb- it was almost certain in the slums -rrb- , but the reality of it was still horrifying . 
 at first , anyway . 
 once the shock wore off and i made it through training , i realized i was much better off as a reboot than i 'd ever been as a human . 
 rebooting itself was simply a different reaction to the kdh virus . 
 kdh killed most people , but for some-the young , the strong-the virus worked differently . 
 even those who died of something other than kdh could reboot , if they 'd had the kdh virus even once in their lifetime . 
 it rebooted the body after death , bringing it back stronger , more powerful . 
 but also colder , emotionless . 
 an evil copy of what we used to be , the humans said . 
 most would rather die completely than be one of the `` lucky '' ones who rebooted . 
 the guards ordered the newbies to sit . 
 they all did so quickly , already informed that they followed orders or got a bullet in the brain . 
 the guards left , letting the doors slam as they hurried out . 
 not even our hardened guards liked to be in the presence of so many reboots at once . 
 the laughter and scuffling started right away , but i turned my attention back to my breakfast . 
 the only newbie i had any interest in was my next trainee , but we would n't be paired up until tomorrow . 
 the nineties liked to break 'em all in right away . 
 considering the speed at which we healed , i saw no problem with the newbies being roughed up a little . 
 might as well start toughening them up now . 
 the nineties were rowdier than usual today . 
 i shoved the last piece of bacon in my mouth as the hollering rose to an annoying level . 
 i dropped my tray on top of the trash can and headed for the exit . 
 a flash of color streaked across the white floor , coming to a stop at my feet with a squeak . 
 it was a newbie , shot down the slick tile like a toy . 
 i just missed stepping on his head and planted my boot on the floor . 
 blood trickled from his nose and a bruise had formed under one eye . 
 his long , lanky legs were sprawled across the floor , his thin white t-shirt clinging to the frame of an underfed former human . 
 his close-cropped black hair matched his eyes , so dark i could n't find his pupils . 
 they probably used to be brown . 
 brown eyes usually took on a golden sort of glow after death , but i liked his blackness . 
 it was in stark contrast to the white of the cafeteria , to the glow of the other reboots ' eyes . 
 no one came near him now that he was in my space , but someone yelled , `` twenty-two ! '' 
 and laughed . 
 twenty-two ? 
 that could n't be his number . 
 i had n't seen anyone under forty in a few years . 
 well , there was a thirty-seven last year , but she died within a month . 
 i nudged at his arm with my boot so i could see his bar code . 
 callum reyes . 
 twenty-two . 
 i raised my eyebrows . 
 he was only dead twenty-two minutes before he rebooted . 
 he was practically still human . 
 my eyes shifted back to his face to see a smile spreading across his lips . 
 why was he smiling ? 
 this did n't seem like an appropriate time to be smiling . 
 `` hi , '' he said , propping himself up on his elbows . 
 `` apparently they call me twenty-two . '' 
 `` it 's your number , '' i replied . 
 he smiled bigger . 
 i wanted to tell him to stop it . 
 `` i know . 
 and yours ? '' 
 i pulled up my sleeve and turned my arm to reveal the 178 . 
 his eyes widened and i felt a surge of satisfaction when his grin faltered . 
 `` you 're one-seventy-eight ? '' 
 he asked , hopping to his feet . 
 even humans had heard of me . 
 `` yes , '' i said . 
 `` really ? '' 
 his eyes flicked over me quickly . 
 his smile had returned . 
 i frowned at his doubt , and he laughed . 
 `` sorry . 
 i thought you 'd be ... i do n't know . 
 bigger ? '' 
 `` i ca n't control my height , '' i said , trying to pull myself up an extra inch or two . 
 not that it would help . 
 he towered over me and i had to lift my chin to look him in the eye . 
 he laughed , although i had no idea at what . 
 was my height funny ? 
 his laugh was big , genuine , echoing across the now-silent cafeteria . 
 it did n't belong here , that laugh . 
 he did n't belong here , with those full lips curving up with actual happiness . 
 i sidestepped him to walk away , but he grabbed my wrist . 
 a few reboots gasped . 
 no one touched me . 
 they did n't even come near me , except for ever . 
 `` i did n't catch your name , '' he said , turning my arm so he could see , oblivious to the fact that this was a weird thing to do . 
 `` wren , '' he read , releasing me . 
 `` i 'm callum . 
 nice to meet you . '' 
 i frowned at him over my shoulder as i headed for the door . 
 i did n't know what it was to meet him , but nice was not the word i would have picked . 
 newbie day was my favorite . 
 as i headed into the gym later that morning with the other trainers , excitement rippled through my chest . 
 i almost smiled . 
 almost . 
 the newbies were sitting on the shiny wood floor in the center of the large room , next to several black mats . 
 they turned away from the instructor to look at us , their faces tight with fear . 
 it looked like no one had puked yet . 
 `` do n't look at them , '' manny one-nineteen barked . 
 he was in charge of wrangling the newbies their first few days here . 
 he 'd been doing it for longer than i 'd been here , and i figured it was because he was bitter about missing the opportunity to be a trainer by one minute . 
 all the newbies focused their attention on manny except twenty-two , who gave me that weird smile before turning around . 
 harc medical personnel were lined up against the wall behind manny , holding their clipboards and some tech equipment i could n't begin to understand . 
 there were four of them today , three men and a woman , all dressed in their usual white lab coats . 
 the doctors and scientists always came out to observe the newbies . 
 later , they would take them down to one of the medical floors to be poked and prodded . 
 `` welcome to rosa , '' manny said , arms crossed over his chest , eyebrows low like he was trying to be scary . 
 did n't fool me . 
 not now , and not when i was a twelve-year-old newbie . 
 `` your trainers will pick you tomorrow . 
 today they will observe you , '' manny continued . 
 his voice echoed across the gym . 
 it was a giant empty room with dingy white walls that had been stained with blood many times . 
 manny began listing off their numbers and pointing for our benefit . 
 the highest was one-twenty-one , a well-built older teenager who probably looked intimidating even as a human . 
 harc coveted the higher numbers . 
 me , above all . 
 my body had had more time than most to adapt to the change , so i regenerated and healed faster than anyone at the facility . 
 rebooting only occurred after every bodily function shut down . 
 the brain , the heart , the lungs-everything had to go before the process could start . 
 i 'd heard the number of minutes dead referred to as a `` rest , '' a time for the body to regroup and refresh and prepare for what was next . 
 the longer the rest , the better the reboot . 
 today was no different . 
 manny paired off newbies and ordered them to go at it , giving them a chance to impress us . 
 one-twenty-one picked up the fighting quickly , his partner a bloody mess within minutes . 
 callum twenty-two spent more time on the floor than standing in front of his shorter , younger partner . 
 he was clumsy and his long limbs went everywhere except where he wanted . 
 he moved like a human-as though he 'd never rebooted at all . 
 the lower numbers did n't heal as fast and they had too much leftover human emotion . 
 when humans first began rising from the dead they called it a `` miracle . '' 
 reboots were a cure for the virus that had wiped out most of the population . 
 they were stronger and faster and almost invincible . 
 then , as it became apparent a reboot was n't the human they 'd known , but a sort of cold , altered copy , they called us monsters . 
 the humans shut out the reboots , banished them from their homes , and eventually decided the only course of action was to execute every one of them . 
 the reboots retaliated , but they were outnumbered and lost the war . 
 now we are slaves . 
 the reboot project began almost twenty years ago , a few years after the end of the war , when harc realized putting us to work was far more useful than simply executing every human who rose . 
 we did n't get sick ; we could survive with less food and water than a human ; we had a higher threshold for pain . 
 we might have been monsters , but we were still stronger and faster and far more useful than any human army . 
 well , most of us anyway . 
 the lower numbers were more likely to die in the field , making training them a waste of my time . 
 i always picked the highest number . 
 `` i give twenty-two six months , '' ross one-forty-nine said from beside me . 
 he rarely said much , but i got the feeling he enjoyed training as much as i did . 
 it was exciting , the possibility of shaping a scared , useless reboot into something much better . 
 `` three , '' hugo countered . 
 `` wonderful , '' lissy muttered under her breath . 
 at one-twenty-four , she was the lowest of the trainers , and therefore got last pick of newbies . 
 twenty-two would be her problem . 
 `` maybe if you trained them better all your newbies would n't get their heads chopped off , '' hugo said . 
 hugo had been my trainee two years ago , and he was just ending his first year as a trainer . 
 he already had an excellent track record of keeping his newbies alive . 
 `` only one got his head chopped off , '' lissy said , pressing her hands against the messy curls that sprang from her head . 
 `` the others were shot , '' i said . 
 `` and forty-five got a knife through the head . '' 
 `` forty-five was hopeless , '' lissy spat . 
 she glared at the floor , most likely lacking the courage to turn that glare on me . 
 `` one-seventy-eight ! '' 
 manny called , motioning me over . 
 i walked across the gym floor into the center of the circle the newbies had made on the ground . 
 most avoided eye contact . 
 `` volunteer ? '' 
 manny asked them . 
 twenty-two 's hand shot up . 
 the only one . 
 i doubt he would have volunteered if he had known what was coming . 
 `` up , '' manny said . 
 twenty-two bounced to his feet , a smile of ignorance plastered on his face . 
 `` your broken bones will take five to ten minutes to heal , depending on your personal recovery time , '' manny said . 
 he nodded at me . 
 i grabbed twenty-two 's arm , twisted it behind his back , and cracked it with one quick thrust . 
 he let out a yell and jerked the arm away , cradling it against his chest . 
 the newbies ' eyes were wide , watching me with a mixture of horror and fascination . 
 `` try and punch her , '' manny said . 
 twenty-two looked up at him , the pain etched all over his face . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` punch her , '' manny repeated . 
 twenty-two took a hesitant step toward me . 
 he swung at me weakly , and i leaned back to miss it . 
 he doubled over in pain , a tiny whimper escaping from his throat . 
 `` you 're not invincible , '' manny said . 
 `` i do n't care what you heard as a human . 
 you feel pain ; you can get hurt . 
 and in the field five to ten minutes is too long to be incapacitated . '' 
 he gestured at the other trainers , and the newbies ' faces fell as they realized what was coming . 
 the cracks reverberated through the gym as the trainers broke each of their arms . 
 i never liked this exercise much . 
 too much screaming . 
 the point was to learn to push aside the pain and fight through it . 
 each broken bone hurt just as much as the last ; the difference was how a reboot learned to work through it . 
 a human would lie on the ground sobbing . 
 a reboot did n't acknowledge pain . 
 i looked down at twenty-two , who had slumped to the ground , his face scrunched up in agony . 
 he looked up at me and i thought he might yell . 
 they usually yelled at me after i broke their arms . 
 `` you 're not going to break anything else , are you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` no . 
 not right now . '' 
 `` oh , so later , then ? 
 great . 
 i 'll look forward to that . '' 
 he winced as he looked down at his arm . 
 manny pointed for the trainers to go back to the wall and gestured for the newbies to come to him . 
 `` you should get up , '' i said to twenty-two . 
 oblivious to manny 's glare , twenty-two slowly got to his feet , raising an eyebrow at me . 
 `` are we doing my leg next ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` can i get some warning next time ? 
 a quick ` hey , i 'm going to snap your bone with my bare hands right now . 
 brace yourself . ' '' 
 one of the trainers behind me snorted , and manny snapped his fingers impatiently . 
 `` get over here , twenty-two , and sit . 
 quietly . '' 
 i joined the trainers , taking a quick glance at twenty-two as he plopped down in the circle . 
 he was still watching me , his eyes sparkling , and i quickly looked away . 
 what a strange newbie . 
 three i snuck another glance at the end of the line as i picked up my tray for lunch . 
 twenty-two was there , scanning the cafeteria . 
 his eyes rested on me and i quickly turned away as he began to wave . 
 i focused my attention on the human behind the counter as she plunked the steak on my tray . 
 there were three of them lined up behind the glass counter , two women and a man . 
 reboots used to do the service jobs at harc as well , until the humans began to get restless about the lack of employment and harc created a few more jobs to keep them happy . 
 still , they often looked less than enthused about serving reboots . 
 i let them fill my tray , and then i headed across the cafeteria to take my usual seat next to hugo . 
 i stuck my fork into the perfectly cooked steak and popped a bite in my mouth . 
 harc gave a line to parents of reboots about how we were so much better off in their care -lrb- not that the parents had a choice -rrb- . 
 we would be useful , they said . 
 we could have something resembling a life . 
 i did n't know if we were better off , but we were certainly better fed . 
 a reboot could survive on less food , but we performed at our best when we were fed regularly , and well . 
 we became weak and useless , like a human , if we were denied food . 
 `` can i sit here ? '' 
 i looked up to see twenty-two standing in front of me , tray in hand . 
 his white shirt was bloodied , probably from one of the nineties taking a second opportunity to break him in . 
 it would often go on for a couple days , until the guards got tired of the commotion . 
 `` the under-sixties are over there , '' i said , pointing to ever 's table . 
 they were talking and laughing , one boy gesturing wildly with his arms . 
 he looked back at them . 
 `` is that a rule ? '' 
 i paused . 
 was it ? 
 no , we started that one ourselves . 
 `` no , '' i replied . 
 `` then can i sit here ? '' 
 i could n't think of a reason why not , although it still struck me as a bad idea . 
 `` okay , '' i said hesitantly . 
 he plopped down in the seat across from me . 
 several of the one-twenties turned to me , a combination of confusion and annoyance on their faces . 
 marie one-thirty-five squinted , her head swinging from me to twenty-two . 
 i ignored it . 
 `` why do you do that if it 's not a rule ? '' 
 he asked , gesturing around the cafeteria . 
 `` the closer numbers have more in common , '' i said , taking a bite of steak . 
 `` that 's stupid . '' 
 i frowned . 
 it was n't stupid . 
 it was the truth . 
 `` i do n't see how the minutes you were dead affect your personality , '' he said . 
 `` that 's because you 're a twenty-two . '' 
 he raised an eyebrow before returning his attention to his meat . 
 he poked it like he was afraid it might jump up and return the favor if he bit into it . 
 he wrinkled his nose and watched as i popped a chunk in my mouth . 
 `` is it good ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` it looks funny . '' 
 `` yeah , it 's good . '' 
 he looked down at it doubtfully . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` steak . '' 
 `` cow , then ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 never had meat , huh ? '' 
 all types of meat were hard to come by in the slums , unless a human took a job with harc . 
 they controlled the farms , and hunting was often a fruitless effort . 
 overhunting had stripped the land of most wild animals years ago . 
 a rabbit or squirrel would pop up on occasion , but i did n't see them often . 
 reboots ate better than most humans , which only made them hate us more . 
 `` no , '' twenty-two replied . 
 his expression suggested he had no interest in changing that . 
 `` try it ; you 'll like it . '' 
 he raised a bite to his lips and shoved it in quickly . 
 he chewed slowly and swallowed with a grimace . 
 he looked down at the hunk of steak left on his plate . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 it 's weird . '' 
 `` just eat it and quit bitching about it , '' lissy snapped from a few seats down . 
 she had little patience for her newbies . 
 twenty-two would be no exception . 
 he glanced over at her briefly , then back to me . 
 lissy frowned at his total disregard for her . 
 `` she 's kinda grouchy , huh ? '' 
 he said quietly to me . 
 always . 
 i almost smiled when i looked over to see lissy stabbing her meat like it was trying to get away . 
 hugo raised his knife over his steak with a grimace , imitating her . 
 ross one-forty-nine blinked twice at him , which i was pretty sure was his version of a smile . 
 `` everyone 's saying she 'll be my trainer , '' twenty-two said . 
 lissy 's head popped up and she pointed her knife at him as she spoke . 
 `` everyone is right . 
 so shut it and eat that . '' 
 twenty-two 's defiant face was different from any other i 'd seen . 
 his smile did n't disappear ; it merely changed to a mocking , challenging grin . 
 he dropped his fork and leaned back in his chair . 
 he did n't have to say make me . 
 it was clear . 
 lissy shoveled her remaining food in her mouth and jumped to her feet , muttering to herself . 
 she shot a look at twenty-two as she stomped past . 
 `` i hope you get yourself killed quickly so i do n't have to put up with you for long , '' she growled . 
 `` i think that 's the strategy she takes with all her newbies , '' hugo said with a chuckle , watching as she pushed fifty-one out of her way and flew through the exit doors . 
 `` she 's supposed to make them good reboots , '' i said , the memory of pulling the knife out of forty-five 's head flashing through my mind . 
 `` then maybe you should do it , '' twenty-two said , perking up . 
 `` you get to pick , do n't you ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 and i do n't train such low numbers . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` because they 're no good . '' 
 marie one-thirty-five let out a short laugh , and twenty-two cast an amused glance from her back to me . 
 `` maybe because they do n't have you . 
 also , i 'm insulted . '' 
 his smile suggested he was not . 
 i poked at my plate with a fork . 
 he could have a point . 
 the lowest of the newbie groups never stood a chance . 
 was it because of their number ? 
 or because of lissy , who trained by screaming at them ? 
 i looked up at him , at a loss for what to say . 
 i 'd never thought about it . 
 his smile faded , clearly taking my silence as a rejection . 
 it was not how i meant it , but i kept my mouth shut as he began eating . 
 i wandered down to the sixth floor after lunch . 
 i was often bored in the days between training cycles , unsure what to do with myself . 
 i could n't imagine being a lower-number reboot , one of the many not cut out to be a trainer . 
 they had little to fill their days , especially since harc considered most forms of entertainment unnecessary for a reboot . 
 i peeked into the indoor track room and saw several reboots running , some racing or chasing after one another . 
 i moved on to the next room , the shooting range , which was full , as usual . 
 it was a favorite pastime . 
 reboots at every booth pointed their guns at the paper men lined up against the wall . 
 most hit the intended target-the head-every time . 
 harc did n't trust us with real bullets , so the ones we used inside the shooting range were made of plastic . 
 i pushed my hands into the pockets of my black pants as i headed for the last door , the gym . 
 i pulled it open and glanced at the groups of reboots in various corners . 
 some were just talking ; others were making halfhearted attempts at fighting to avoid yells from the guards . 
 ever was in the corner , one of the paper men from the shooting range taped to the wall in front of her . 
 she bounced from foot to foot as she gripped a knife in her hand , studying the target in front of her seriously . 
 a tall girl stood next to her , mindy fifty-one , and she watched as the knife flew from ever 's hand and landed in the wall , in the middle of the paper man 's head . 
 ever stepped closer to fifty-one and leaned in to talk to her as i headed toward them . 
 reboots used to play darts in this corner of the gym , but harc had put a stop to that . 
 the knife throwing was a game , too , just one that looked like practice . 
 i did n't participate , but a few under-sixties kept a record of how many throws hit the head in a single session . 
 ever was in the top three , last i 'd heard . 
 ever started to run her hand down fifty-one 's arm but caught sight of me and quickly stepped away from her , pasting a smile on her face as i approached . 
 `` hey . '' 
 `` hi , '' i said , glancing at fifty-one . 
 she wiped her eyes with shaky fingers and i wished i had n't come over . 
 under-sixty emotion made me uncomfortable . 
 i moved back , ready to make an excuse to leave , when she took a few steps away from us . 
 `` i got ta go , '' she said . 
 `` ever 's at forty-two throws . '' 
 i nodded and turned back to ever , who was pulling the dull knife out of the cork wall . 
 she held it out to me and i shook my head . 
 she went back to her spot on the gym floor and squinted at the target as she turned the knife around in her hands . 
 `` you let callum sit with you today at lunch , '' she said , raising an eyebrow at me just before she threw the knife . 
 it landed right in the middle of the forehead . 
 `` he can sit anywhere he wants , '' i said , that defiant look he 'd given lissy today flashing in front of my eyes . 
 ever laughed as she grabbed the knife out of the wall . 
 `` right . 
 because you always eat with under-sixties . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` he asked . 
 i could n't figure out a good reason to say no . '' 
 she laughed again and took her spot a few feet in front of the paper man . 
 `` fair enough . '' 
 her eyes lit up as she glanced over at me . 
 `` do you like him ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` why not ? 
 he 's cute . '' 
 `` everyone here is . '' 
 it was true that all reboots were attractive , in a way . 
 after death , when the virus took hold and the body rebooted , the skin cleared , the body sharpened , the eyes glowed . 
 it was like pretty with a hint of deranged . 
 although my hint was more like a generous serving . 
 ever gave me a look like i was a cute puppy who had wandered over for attention . 
 i never liked that look . 
 `` it 's okay to think he 's cute , '' she said . 
 `` it 's natural . '' 
 natural for her . 
 i did n't have feelings like that . 
 they did n't exist . 
 i shrugged , avoiding her eyes . 
 she often looked distressed when i told her i did n't have the same emotions she did . 
 i found it was better to say nothing at all . 
 she turned away and rocked from foot to foot , letting out a breath as she prepared to throw again . 
 she stilled as she focused on the target , the knife poised in the air and ready to throw . 
 as she let go one boot came off the ground , her body shifting forward with the effort . 
 she smiled at the knife lodged in the wall . 
 she threw the knife several more times as i watched , until she hit an even fifty and turned to look at me . 
 `` what did you talk about ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i saw him trying to engage you in conversation , that brave soul . '' 
 a smile tugged at the edges of my lips . 
 `` food , mostly . 
 he 'd never had meat . '' 
 `` ah . '' 
 `` and he asked me to train him . '' 
 ever snorted as she turned away from me . 
 `` poor guy . 
 i ca n't imagine you training a twenty-two . 
 you 'd probably break the guy in half . '' 
 i nodded , watching as the knife sped through the air again . 
 ever was only a fifty-six , and she was a good reboot . 
 or an adequate one , at least . 
 she 'd kept herself alive four years , following orders and successfully completing her assignments . 
 `` who was your trainer ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i had n't paid much attention to ever as a newbie , even though we lived in the same room . 
 she 'd come to harc almost a year after me , and i had n't been a trainer myself yet . 
 `` marcus one-thirty , '' she said . 
 i nodded . 
 i vaguely remembered him . 
 he 'd died in the field several years ago . 
 `` i was the lowest number in my newbie group , so he got stuck with me . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` he was good , though . 
 thank goodness lissy was n't here yet . 
 i probably would have been dead the first week . '' 
 plenty of lissy 's trainees had made it through training perfectly fine , but a string of bad ones had cemented her reputation as a newbie killer . 
 perhaps it was deserved . 
 perhaps twenty-two would be the next victim of her bad luck . 
 i looked up at ever as she sank the knife into the wall again . 
 `` how many is that ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` fifty-two . '' 
 `` hot damn . '' 
 i could n't help a smile as she grinned at the target . 
 maybe the under-sixties were n't all hopeless . 
 four manny marched the newbies into the gym early the next morning for the choosing . 
 they followed him through the door in a straight line , their faces tight with fear and exhaustion . 
 they were followed by a few doctors in lab coats . 
 their tests and x-rays continued into today , which contributed to the newbies ' exhaustion . 
 i remembered having to run on a treadmill at a steep incline while attached to all sorts of contraptions . 
 the doctors kept increasing the speed until i finally fell off . 
 groups of reboots stood in clumps behind the trainers , curious to see who got which trainer . 
 ever was in the corner to my left with several under-sixties , leaning against the wall as she watched the newbies line up in front of us . 
 i turned and my eyes went immediately to twenty-two . 
 his gaze was on lissy , but when he caught me looking a smile broke out on his face , followed by a pout . 
 please ? 
 he mouthed . 
 pleading did n't work with me . 
 human targets pleaded with me all the time . 
 `` please do n't take me . '' 
 or , `` please do n't touch me . '' 
 or , `` please do n't kill me . '' 
 did n't work . 
 that smile , on the other hand ... i almost let one creep onto my own face . 
 no . 
 that was ridiculous . 
 i could n't let this weird smiling boy convince me to do something stupid . 
 i was the best trainer ; i only took the best newbies . 
 maybe they 're the best because you make them that way . 
 the thought had been nagging at me since last night . 
 the door banged open and the gym quieted as officer mayer , commanding officer of the five harc facilities , strolled across the room . 
 he came to a stop next to the medical personnel and folded his arms over his protruding stomach . 
 officer mayer spent the most time in rosa , the largest of the five facilities , and often showed up to observe the newbies . 
 he watched them throughout the entire six-week process , to keep an eye out for the good ones and weed out any who might be trouble . 
 `` one-seventy-eight , '' manny said . 
 i turned my gaze to one-twenty-one , who nodded at me . 
 he already knew i would choose him . 
 the other reboots would have told him . 
 i looked at twenty-two . 
 how long did he have with lissy ? 
 they 'd be out in the field in a couple weeks , and with lissy 's track record , he 'd be dead within two months . 
 his dark eyes held mine . 
 not many people looked me in the eye . 
 humans did n't want to look at me at all and reboots were either scared or felt i was some sort of superior . 
 and that smile . 
 that smile was strange here . 
 newbies did n't come in smiling ; they came in terrified and miserable . 
 he was definitely weird . 
 `` one-seventy-eight ? '' 
 manny repeated , looking at me expectantly . 
 `` twenty-two . '' 
 it was out of my mouth before i could change my mind . 
 a grin spread across his face . 
 the trainers looked down the line in astonishment . 
 lissy 's mood was already improved . 
 `` twenty-two ? '' 
 manny repeated . 
 `` callum ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i confirmed . 
 i stole a look across the gym to see officer mayer rubbing his chin , his mouth twisted in something bordering on disappointment . 
 i thought he might object , make me chose a higher number , but he stayed silent . 
 `` all right , '' manny said . 
 `` one-fifty ? '' 
 hugo opened his mouth , closed it , and turned to me with a frown . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 twenty-two laughed , and manny motioned for him to be quiet . 
 no . 
 `` yes , '' i said . 
 `` i ... one-twenty-one , then , '' hugo said , looking at me like i might protest . 
 i did n't . 
 i stood there as the other trainers picked their newbies and broke off to start discussing the process . 
 i waited , numb from my decision , until twenty-two strolled over to me , his hands shoved into the pockets of his black pants . 
 `` you like me after all , '' he said . 
 i frowned . 
 i did n't know about that . 
 i was curious . 
 intrigued . 
 like ? 
 that was pushing it . 
 `` or maybe not , '' he said with a laugh . 
 `` i considered what you said . 
 about the lower numbers not having me . '' 
 `` ah . 
 so not because of me . '' 
 he smiled at me and i got the impression he did n't believe a word that had just come out of my mouth . 
 i shifted from foot to foot uncomfortably . 
 i wanted to fidget , and i never fidgeted . 
 `` are you a good runner ? '' 
 i asked quickly . 
 `` i doubt it . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` we 'll meet at the indoor track every morning at seven . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` try not to scream when i break your bones . 
 it bothers me . 
 you can cry if you want ; that 's fine . '' 
 he burst out laughing . 
 i did n't realize that was a funny statement . 
 `` got it , '' he said , trying unsuccessfully to cover his grin . 
 `` screaming , no . 
 crying , yes . '' 
 `` have you ever handled any weapons ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` skills ? '' 
 `` i 'm good with tech stuff . '' 
 `` tech stuff ? '' 
 i repeated with a confused frown . 
 `` where did you see computers in the slums ? '' 
 `` i 'm not from the slums . '' 
 he lowered his voice when he said it . 
 i blinked . 
 `` you 're from the rico ? '' 
 he laughed slightly . 
 `` no one calls it that . 
 it 's just austin . '' 
 no one from the rico called it that . 
 outside , in the slums , we used the spanish word for rich to refer to the wealthy side of the cities . 
 i took a quick glance around the gym . 
 there were a few reboots from the rico , but they were certainly in the minority . 
 i 'd never trained one . 
 my last trainee , marie one-thirty-five , had lived on the streets in richards , and she 'd been tougher for it . 
 slum life made better , stronger reboots . 
 twenty-two was doubly screwed . 
 i was n't sure i would have picked him if i 'd known that . 
 `` how 'd you die ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` kdh . '' 
 `` i thought they had mostly eradicated the kdh virus in the wealthy parts of town , '' i said . 
 `` they 're close . 
 i 'm just one of the lucky few . '' 
 i grimaced . 
 kdh was a nasty way to die . 
 they named the virus for the city that had been ground zero of the outbreak , kill devil hills , north carolina . 
 it was a different strain of a respiratory virus common in children , and killed most humans within a few days . 
 `` my parents took me to a slum hospital because they could n't afford any medicines , '' he continued . 
 `` that was dumb . '' 
 everyone knew kdh was rampant in the slums . 
 no one was getting treated for it there . 
 `` yeah , well , they were desperate . 
 and they did n't realize ... '' `` you only go to the hospital in the slums to die and be sorted . '' 
 `` yes . 
 how did you die ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i was shot , '' i said . 
 `` any other skills ? '' 
 `` i do n't think so . 
 wait , how old were you when you died ? '' 
 `` twelve . 
 we 're not talking about me . '' 
 `` who would shoot a twelve-year-old ? '' 
 he asked with the innocence that could only come from living his entire life inside walls where nothing bad happened . 
 `` we 're not talking about me , '' i repeated . 
 what was the point , anyway ? 
 how would i explain a life of strung-out parents and dirty shacks and the fighting and screaming that came when they went too long without a fix ? 
 a rich kid would never understand . 
 `` newbies ! '' 
 manny called , motioning for them to join him by the gym door . 
 `` we 're not starting now ? '' 
 twenty-two asked . 
 `` no , you have more tests to do , '' i said , gesturing to the medical personnel . 
 `` we 'll start tomorrow . '' 
 he let out a sigh as he ran a hand down his face . 
 `` seriously ? 
 more tests ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 he looked from me to the other newbies , who had already joined manny . 
 `` all right . 
 i 'll see you tomorrow , then . '' 
 `` twenty-two ! '' 
 manny yelled . 
 `` move it ! '' 
 i gestured for him to go and he jogged across the gym and disappeared out the door . 
 the trainers all stared at me as they filed past . 
 hugo and lissy stopped in front of me , wearing matching confused expressions . 
 `` what 's wrong with you ? '' 
 lissy asked . 
 she had her hands on her hips , her eyebrows lowered . 
 `` is he special or something ? '' 
 hugo asked . 
 lissy rolled her eyes . 
 `` yeah . 
 he 's real special , hugo . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` maybe i can make him better . '' 
 `` do n't count on it , '' lissy muttered . 
 she stalked away . 
 hugo gave me another befuddled look , then followed her out . 
 i turned to go , my eyes catching ever 's . 
 she was smiling , her head cocked to the side , then she nodded as if to say , good for you . 
 five a sound woke me in the middle of the night . 
 i blinked my eyes until the dream i 'd been lost in faded , loosening the death grip i had on the sheets . 
 i 'd been in the corner of a tiny apartment , watching my parents yell at the people in the living room . 
 in the dream , they were yelling about me . 
 in reality , i 'm not sure they had cared about me enough for that sort of attention . 
 i rolled over to see ever crouching on her bed , her teeth bared as she let out a low growl . 
 the noise grew louder as she rocked back and forth on the mattress . 
 `` ever , '' i said , sitting up . 
 violation of the rules , but surely they would want someone to wake her up and stop the racket . 
 she turned to me . 
 her bright eyes showed no sign that she recognized me . 
 in fact , she snarled . 
 `` ever , '' i said again , tossing off my covers and placing my feet on the cold floor . 
 i reached for her shoulder and her head whipped to me . 
 she opened her mouth and her teeth scraped across the skin of my hand . 
 i snatched it away . 
 what the hell was that ? 
 i held my hand to my chest , my heart beating oddly . 
 i was nervous , i think . 
 i was rarely nervous . 
 my eyes darted to the hallway . 
 through the glass wall at the front of our cell i could see a guard approaching , his flashlight aimed in our direction . 
 he stopped in front of our room and peered inside , reaching for his com . 
 he turned away as he spoke into it and i looked back down at ever , rocking on her bed and growling from deep within her throat . 
 i wanted to press my hand to her mouth to stop the noise , to make the guard go away before ever got into trouble . 
 i heard the pounding of footsteps and turned to see a scientist in a white lab coat running down the hall . 
 i took in a sharp breath as i watched the scientist talk frantically to the guard , his bushy eyebrows lowered in worry as he watched ever . 
 humans did n't worry about reboots . 
 they did n't run to help them . 
 the scientist pulled a syringe from his pocket and my stomach turned over as i pieced together what was happening . 
 they 'd done something to her , and now they 'd realized they 'd messed up . 
 messed her up . 
 ever pounced out of bed with a height and speed i had never seen before , smashing her body against the wall . 
 i gasped , stumbling back until my legs hit the bed . 
 she head butted the glass , a line of blood trickling down her face when she straightened . 
 she bared her teeth at the humans and they both jumped away , the scientist almost dropping his syringe . 
 `` one-seventy-eight . '' 
 i turned my eyes to the guard yelling from the other side of the wall . 
 `` subdue her . '' 
 ever began pounding her hand against the wall , a slow , rhythmic hammering . 
 pound . 
 pound . 
 pound . 
 her face determined , she looked at the humans like she would rip their faces off if given half a second . 
 `` i said subdue her , one-seventy-eight . 
 get her down on the ground . '' 
 the guard glared at me . 
 i slowly rose from my bed , clenching my hands into fists when i realized i was shaking . 
 i 'm not scared . 
 i repeated it in my head . 
 there was no reason to be scared of a fifty-six . 
 she could n't hurt me . 
 or could she ? 
 i 'd never seen a reboot act this way . 
 there was n't a hint of the ever i knew in her . 
 i 'm not scared . 
 i reached for her arm but she was too fast , darting across the room and jumping on top of her bed . 
 she bounced from foot to foot on the mattress , looking at me as if she accepted my challenge . 
 `` ever , it 's fine , '' i said . 
 what was wrong with her ? 
 she launched herself off the bed and landed on me . 
 i hit the ground hard , the back of my head knocking against the concrete . 
 i blinked the dots of white out of my eyes as she slammed my wrists to the floor above my head and opened her mouth , bending low as though she wanted to take a chunk out of my neck . 
 i kicked my legs , knocking her off me , and she flew into the bed with a grunt . 
 i leaped on top of her , pressing my body into her back as she thrashed and snarled . 
 the door unlocked with a click and slid open , the footsteps of the two humans echoing across the room . 
 `` keep her down , '' the guard ordered . 
 i locked my teeth together , lowering my face closer to ever 's shoulder so he could n't see the disgusted look i wanted to aim at him . 
 the scientist knelt down and plunged the syringe into her arm . 
 his fingers shook . 
 what was that idiot doing ? 
 we did n't need medicine . 
 `` it will help her sleep , '' he said , glancing at me . 
 `` she 's just having a nightmare . '' 
 it would n't help her sleep at all . 
 reboots processed everything too quickly . 
 her body would metabolize it before it even had a chance to work . 
 ever went limp beneath me and i looked down at her in surprise . 
 when i turned to the humans they both gave me their hard expressions , the ones that were supposed to scare me . 
 hard to be scared of them when i could break their necks before they realized i was on my feet . 
 `` you 're not to tell anyone about this , '' the scientist said sternly . 
 `` understand ? '' 
 no . 
 i did n't understand . 
 what did they just give her ? 
 what had they given her before ? 
 what had they done to her ? 
 the humans looked down at me for confirmation that i believed this ridiculous explanation . 
 dumb reboot-her brain does n't work right . 
 a guard said that to me once . 
 i nodded . 
 `` i understand . '' 
 they left the room and the door closed behind them . 
 i slid off ever , studying her face . 
 her eyes were closed , her breathing deep and even . 
 asleep . 
 i 'd rarely seen her sleep lately . 
 i gently rolled her over and picked her up under the arms , hauling her onto the bed . 
 i scooted her legs under the comforter and pulled it over her body . 
 i climbed into my own bed , unable to stop staring at her . 
 i did n't sleep . 
 instead i spent the night alternating between gazing at ever and the ceiling . 
 when she began to stir i rushed to get into my running clothes and bolted out the door , hiding my face when i thought i saw her roll over to look at me . 
 twenty-two was waiting for me at the indoor track , his eyes on the other reboots speeding around the room . 
 `` good morning , '' he said brightly . 
 i just nodded , because it was not a good morning . 
 i could think of nothing but ever and her angry , vacant eyes . 
 would she be back to normal now ? 
 would she even remember ? 
 i was ordered not to say anything . 
 i had never disobeyed an order . 
 `` let 's go , '' i said , stepping onto the black rubber . 
 the indoor track was one of my least favorite parts of the harc facility . 
 it was a 400-meter ring with a guard in the middle , encased in a bulletproof plastic box . 
 the windows could lower quickly to stop a fight with a bullet to the brain . 
 destroy the brain . 
 the only way to kill a reboot . 
 the ugly lighting gave my pale skin a puke-green hue . 
 twenty-two 's olive skin looked mostly the same , almost nice , under the glow . 
 i looked away , pushing aside thoughts of what my blond hair must look like in here . 
 twenty-two could barely run a quarter mile without stopping , which did not bode well for him escaping angry humans chasing after him . 
 hopefully we 'd avoid those for a while . 
 a few other reboots were on the track with us , including marie one-thirty-five , who looked over her shoulder with a laugh as she blew past us , her dark hair swinging . 
 she was one of the fastest trainees i 'd ever had . 
 `` let 's do two minutes of walking and one of running , '' i said with a sigh as twenty-two 's pace stuttered to an impossibly slow jog . 
 he nodded , taking in gulps of air . 
 i had to admit , i was n't in the mood to run this morning . 
 the break was welcome . 
 `` were you a good runner when you came here ? '' 
 he asked when he 'd caught his breath . 
 `` i was fine . 
 better than you . '' 
 `` well , that 's not difficult . '' 
 he smiled at me . 
 `` how old are you ? '' 
 `` seventeen . '' 
 `` me too . 
 how long do we stay here ? 
 is there an adult facility somewhere ? 
 i have n't seen any older reboots . '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 i doubted it . 
 as reboots approached their twenties they stopped coming back from missions . 
 maybe they did transfer them to some other facility . 
 maybe they did n't . 
 `` where are you from ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` austin . '' 
 `` me too . '' 
 he smiled like we had something in common . 
 `` we 're not from the same austin , '' i said tightly . 
 he frowned . 
 `` sorry ? '' 
 `` you 're from the rico . 
 i 'm from the slums . 
 we 're not from the same austin . '' 
 i had never seen the austin rico beyond the lights i glimpsed over the wall that divided us from them , but i 'd seen some of the other united cities of texas . 
 new dallas . 
 richards . 
 bonito -lrb- someone was being funny-it was anything but -rrb- . 
 a few hundred miles in the middle of texas was all that was left of the large country my parents knew as children . 
 harc managed to save only texas from the virus and the reboot attacks that followed . 
 `` oh . 
 i 've never been to the austin slums , '' twenty-two said . 
 `` i mean , except when my parents took me to the hospital . 
 but i was too delusional at that point to remember . 
 do you think they 'll send me on an assignment there ? 
 i 'd like to see my parents . 
 and my brother . 
 have you seen your parents since you rebooted ? '' 
 `` my parents died when i did . '' 
 `` oh , i 'm sorry , '' he said , his face turning serious . 
 `` they ... they got shot , too ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i said tightly , not interested in discussing my parents . 
 `` and you do n't want to see your parents . 
 they do n't send reboots to their hometown . 
 it confuses people . '' 
 `` do reboots ever take off and go anyway ? '' 
 i frowned at him . 
 `` of course not . 
 even if they wanted to , you 're outfitted with a tracker at the holding facility . 
 they always know where you are . '' 
 he held his arms out in front of him . 
 `` where ? 
 i do n't remember that . '' 
 `` that 's the point . 
 we do n't know where it is . '' 
 `` oh , '' he said , a hint of sadness in his voice . 
 `` but have you seen the other cities ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` that 's good , right ? 
 we 'd never get to see anything outside of austin if we had n't rebooted . '' 
 `` you 'll be working , '' i said . 
 newbies always had questions about traveling to other cities . 
 it was one of the only perks of becoming a reboot-the occasional trips elsewhere for special assignments . 
 harc instituted a `` no travel '' policy years ago to stop the spread of the kdh virus , and it was still in place today . 
 but his questions were too much this morning . 
 they were making my head spin . 
 `` pick up the pace , '' i said , breaking into a jog . 
 he could n't talk while running , but when we slowed to a walk he opened his mouth with yet more questions . 
 `` do you believe in the evolution theory ? '' 
 maybe . 
 i gave him a sharp look . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` but it sort of makes sense , does n't it ? 
 that reboots are just evolved humans ? 
 we found an immunity to the virus . 
 a way not to die . 
 i 've heard theories the kdh virus is man-made and i think - '' `` twenty-two ! '' 
 i snapped . 
 harc was wall-to-wall cameras . 
 they heard and saw everything we did , and they did n't tolerate that sort of talk . 
 `` enough . '' 
 `` but - '' `` can you please save the questions ? '' 
 it came out more tired and sad than i had intended , and he looked at me in concern . 
 `` oh . 
 yeah , sure . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` i 'm just tired , '' i said . 
 i did n't owe him an explanation . 
 i should n't have said that . 
 `` sorry . 
 i 'll be quiet . '' 
 his smile was small and sympathetic and something i could n't identify tickled my chest . 
 guilt ? 
 is that what that was ? 
 he was quiet the rest of the run , the only sounds his gasping for air . 
 when we finished i nodded at him and walked away , to my quarters for clothes and then to the showers . 
 i pressed my clothes and towel to my chest as i shuffled into the steamy room , the sounds of laughter and grunting filling my ears . 
 the showers were often rowdier after the arrival of a new batch of reboots , and the party was in full swing this morning . 
 two female reboots darted past me , one barely holding on to her towel as she screeched in excitement . 
 a male reboot held open a shower curtain and one of the girls slipped behind it with him . 
 the showers were for sex first . 
 bathing second . 
 they were not technically coed , but the boys ' shower was directly next door , and there was nothing but a curtain to separate the two rooms . 
 occasionally the guards came in and ushered all the boys out , but mostly they did n't care . 
 reboots did almost everything they were told , except for this . 
 for a human , sex was connected to love . 
 my mom was n't much for talking about anything that mattered , but i vaguely remembered the conversation . 
 sex and love went together . 
 not here . 
 the teenage hormones were still there , but the emotions were gone . 
 the general attitude was that none of it mattered anymore . 
 we were n't even human . 
 the tile was slippery beneath my shoes , and i shuffled carefully past the closed curtains and ducked behind one at the end of the row , still fully clothed . 
 that used to get weird looks , but now everyone knew . 
 i did n't flit around in a towel . 
 i did n't have any interest in sex . 
 i certainly did n't want to be gawked at like some freak . 
 a few of the girls had scars from their human death , but not like mine . 
 i was dead for so long that by the time they got around to sewing up my three bullet holes , my body thought that 's what my skin was supposed to look like . 
 the result was four permanent ugly silver staples holding my skin together in the middle of my chest , and two ragged scars shooting out in either direction . 
 one stretched oddly over my left breast and had become even more misshapen as my br ** sts grew . 
 no one needed to see my horribly mangled chest . 
 not that anyone had ever approached me for sex anyway . 
 no one wanted to touch a one-seventy-eight . 
 mangled or not . 
 six ever was pale when i returned to our quarters just before dinner . 
 i had been avoiding her , but now i found it difficult to tear my gaze away from her pasty skin and shaking hands . 
 if she 'd been a human i 'd have thought she was sick . 
 she lifted her eyes to mine as i walked to my dresser to pull on a sweatshirt . 
 `` hey . '' 
 she tried to smile at me and i had to look away . 
 she did n't know . 
 should n't she know ? 
 they said not to say anything . 
 it was an order . 
 i stopped in the doorway , pausing when she just sat on the bed , twisting the white sheets around her fingers . 
 `` are you coming ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she looked up at me , a bigger smile on her face . 
 she waited for me ; i never waited for her . 
 it appeared she liked it . 
 her legs shook as she stood , and i wanted to ask if she was okay . 
 stupid question . 
 she was n't . 
 harc did something to her . 
 we walked down the stairs to the cafeteria in silence . 
 after we filled our trays i had the wild thought of going to sit with her . 
 but she headed across the cafeteria , shoving a piece of steak in her mouth . 
 i trudged to the one-twenties table . 
 i watched as ever plunked down opposite twenty-two , who looked up and smiled at me . 
 it faded as he watched ever desperately stuff meat in her mouth . 
 he wrinkled his nose , looking from me to her , like , what 's wrong with her ? 
 i had no idea . 
 he motioned for me to come over , but i certainly could n't do that . 
 well , i could . 
 it was n't a rule . 
 but it would be odd . 
 twenty-two patted the seat next to him and i frowned and shook my head . 
 ever turned to see who he was gesturing to , her eyes skipping down the one-twenties table . 
 she laughed , and i turned to see the trainers all watching me , matching confused expressions on their faces . 
 lissy opened her mouth and i stood , picking up my tray . 
 i did n't want more questions or more weird looks . 
 there was no rule that i had to sit with them . 
 i could sit wherever i wanted . 
 i strode across the cafeteria , dropping my tray on the table next to ever . 
 twenty-two looked up at me , dark eyes sparkling . 
 `` oh , how nice to see you , wren . '' 
 ever stared at me in amazement as i plopped down in the chair . 
 i glanced over at twenty-two 's tray to see nothing but an untouched piece of bread and a brownie . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` did you already eat a real dinner ? '' 
 he looked down at the food . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm not very hungry . 
 at least , i do n't think i am . 
 it 's hard to tell . '' 
 `` you 'll be able to tell if you starve yourself too long , '' i said . 
 `` it 's not fun . '' 
 hunger signals for reboots did n't come as quickly as they did with humans , but when they did come , they were intense . 
 our bodies could survive without food indefinitely , but it was not appreciated . 
 i 'd barely eaten a thing my first few days at the facility and had woken up one day so weak and starving i 'd practically had to crawl to the cafeteria . 
 `` clearly you 're hungry , '' twenty-two said to ever with a laugh , pointing to her massive cheeks . 
 it looked as though she 'd tried to stuff every piece of meat on her plate in her mouth at once . 
 she managed a weak smile as she swallowed . 
 i must have looked concerned , because she glanced down at her empty tray and then to me . 
 `` i feel weird , '' she said quietly , the distress coming through in her voice . 
 `` weird how ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` like really hungry . 
 and sort of fuzzy . '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` i ca n't be sick , right ? '' 
 she looked at me expectantly and i said nothing . 
 she returned her gaze to her plate in disappointment . 
 `` the food makes me feel a little better , though . 
 less shaky , '' she added . 
 i felt a pang of something , perhaps that guilt again , and i quickly slid my meat onto her plate . 
 she looked up and smiled at me gratefully . 
 `` you can have my food , too , '' twenty-two said , beginning to slide his tray over . 
 i grabbed the edge of the tray and pushed it back , giving him a warning look . 
 `` at least eat a little . 
 you need your strength for training . '' 
 `` why do you get to do it ? '' 
 he asked , pointing to where my meat used to be . 
 `` because i tell you what to do , not the other way around . '' 
 ever giggled as she popped a giant hunk of beef into her mouth . 
 `` i prefer the meat , anyway . '' 
 `` do i ever get to tell you what to do ? '' 
 he asked me . 
 `` i doubt it . '' 
 i grabbed my tray and got to my feet . 
 `` no , please do n't go . '' 
 it was ever who spoke , her eyes wide and pleading . 
 she looked like the thirteen-year-old girl i met years ago , sitting on the bed , absolutely terrified to be rooming with one-seventy-eight . 
 she did n't speak a word to me for a month . 
 one day she had simply piped up with , `` i 'm from new dallas . 
 you ? '' 
 and continued talking like we 'd been friends all along . 
 she 'd had four sisters back home and i think she eventually decided she had to adopt me as a sort of replacement or she would lose her mind . 
 still , i never would have guessed i was any sort of comfort to her . 
 i wanted to sit back down and enjoy the sense of being needed , the feeling of someone who liked things about me other than my number and criminal-catching skills . 
 i sat . 
 it felt like the right decision as soon as i did it . 
 ever smiled gratefully and i smiled back . 
 twenty-two looked so delighted suddenly that i dropped my eyes to my plate and concentrated on eating my beans . 
 a low growl woke me in the middle of the night . 
 i rolled over on my mattress , blinking in the darkness . 
 ever stood over my bed . 
 i bolted up to a sitting position , my heart pounding furiously . 
 her growling stopped and her bright eyes bored into mine . 
 `` ever ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 she lunged at me and i scrambled out of bed and across the room . 
 she bared her teeth as she turned to look for me . 
 i pressed my back to the wall as she approached , my heart beating faster than the time twenty townspeople had chased after me with lit torches and various kitchen knives . 
 i 'd been stabbed multiple times before i managed to outrun them , but somehow a weaponless , growling ever was scarier . 
 `` ever ! '' 
 i said , louder this time , and i ducked below her arm as she lunged at me again . 
 i ran across her bed and dove for the call button . 
 i pushed it repeatedly , frantically , until ever threw herself on top of me . 
 her fingers closed around my neck and i gasped , pushing her off with all my strength . 
 she slammed into the glass wall and sprang to her feet , tilting her head to the side as if examining her prey . 
 i balled my fists , the heat of a fight bursting through my body . 
 she charged at me and i dropped to my knees , grabbing one of her ankles . 
 she smashed to the ground with a yelp and i twisted her leg until it cracked . 
 she let out a scream that must have woken the whole wing . 
 she came for me again , trying to balance on one leg , so i broke that one , too . 
 she collapsed flat on her back , whimpering slightly . 
 i sat down on my bed , looking at the door . 
 the humans must have been on their way . 
 but by the time both of ever 's legs had healed they still had n't come . 
 i broke them again before she could get to her feet , covering my ears with my hands when she began yowling . 
 they never came . 
 they must have known . 
 those human bastards must have known that ever was losing it , that she attacked me , that i would have to stay up all night , again , to watch her , even after she passed out . 
 they knew and they did n't care . 
 i should n't have been surprised-reboots were property , not people-but i felt the anger clenching at my chest anyway . 
 i had always been afforded a little more leeway , a little extra respect because of my number and my track record . 
 but they did n't care what happened to us . 
 the people of the slums knew harc did n't care a lick for them . 
 i 'd known it , as a child . 
 harc might have been a `` savior '' to the last generation , to the humans they 'd helped fight the reboot war , but not to those of us starving and dying in the slums . 
 after i became a reboot , they fed and clothed me and i thought they respected me as the best . 
 i thought maybe they were n't so bad . 
 maybe i was wrong . 
 when morning came i left the room before ever stirred , but as i walked into the showers after my run i found myself searching for her in the sea of reboots . 
 a few gave me odd looks , which i ignored . 
 i needed to talk to her and this was the only way . 
 ever would n't know that i broke her legs four times last night . 
 she would n't know what they did to her . 
 not unless i told her . 
 she came out of the changing room wearing only a towel . 
 she stopped and looked at me curiously . 
 i gestured for her to continue and she did , stepping behind a curtain and snapping it closed . 
 i took a quick glance around to make sure no one was watching and darted behind the curtain with her . 
 she turned around and arched an eyebrow at me , a little smile at the edge of her mouth . 
 i blushed as i took a step back , hitting the curtain . 
 `` hi , '' she said . 
 it was more of a question , and her smile grew as she hiked her towel farther up her chest . 
 `` there 's something wrong with you , '' i blurted out . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 her smile faded . 
 `` you ... you 're having nightmares or something . 
 you 've been screaming at night and you attacked me . '' 
 a gasp escaped her throat just before she hit the ground . 
 huge sobs racked her body as i stood there frozen . 
 i did n't know what to think of that response . 
 it seemed a gross overreaction . 
 unless she knew what was going on . 
 i knelt down beside her . 
 `` ever . '' 
 she continued to cry , rocking back and forth on her knees with her hands over her face . 
 the sound made me uncomfortable , made my chest tight . 
 i did n't like it . 
 `` ever , '' i repeated . 
 `` do you know what 's going on ? '' 
 she took in desperate gasps of air , lowering her hands from her face . 
 `` it 's ... '' she collapsed into sobs again , falling against me . 
 i almost pushed her off . 
 no one had used me for comfort , perhaps ever -lrb- unless i counted the times my mom leaned on me when she was too high to walk -rrb- . 
 this was an awkward time for me to start , with her being almost naked and all , but i beat down the urge to nudge her away . 
 instead i awkwardly patted her back . 
 she pressed her face into my shoulder and cried like a human . 
 `` it 's ... them , '' she choked out . 
 `` they do something to us . '' 
 `` to who ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` to the under-sixties . '' 
 she took a deep breath and straightened . 
 her bright green eyes were tinged with red . 
 `` they started giving us shots and it makes us ... '' she did n't have to say it . 
 i knew what it made them . 
 `` i thought maybe i had slipped by because i was so close to sixty . 
 they must have given me the shot in my sleep while you were on assignment , '' she sniffled . 
 `` why would they do this ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she shrugged , wiping at her nose . 
 `` we do n't know . 
 it started a few weeks ago . 
 some people have said it makes them stronger , but others get all weird and hostile . '' 
 weird and hostile was an understatement . 
 `` fifty-one was starting to go off the deep end last week , '' ever continued . 
 `` but she said they gave her another shot and it made her all normal again . 
 everyone thinks they 're doing some sort of experiment on us . '' 
 everyone ? 
 who was everyone ? 
 i 'd never heard of this . 
 `` we do n't talk about it with over-sixties , '' she said quietly , obviously noticing the look on my face . 
 `` we 're not supposed to . 
 they tell the roommates they ca n't say anything . '' 
 she tilted her head . 
 `` they ordered you not to tell me ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 this brought on a fresh wave of tears , although i was n't entirely sure why . 
 i thought she choked out a thank-you , but it was hard to tell . 
 i started to get up , but she grabbed my arm . 
 `` what did i do ? 
 did i hurt you ? '' 
 `` no . 
 you screamed a lot . 
 you attacked me . 
 i broke both your legs several times last night . 
 sorry about that . '' 
 she looked down at them . 
 `` oh . 
 that 's okay . '' 
 `` they gave you a shot the night before last , but they never came last night . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she whispered . 
 `` that 's why you look so tired . '' 
 she wiped at her face with a corner of her towel . 
 `` what am i supposed to do ? '' 
 i shrugged helplessly . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` what if i hurt you ? '' 
 `` i 'm stronger . '' 
 she closed her eyes and nodded slightly , fresh tears running down her cheeks . 
 apparently that had n't been a comforting thing to say . 
 seven twenty-two hit the mat and did as i had requested-he did n't scream . 
 he pressed his face into the black plastic and his fists clenched the material of his shirt , but he did n't cry . 
 his afternoon had been littered with injuries , but he was doing a decent job of not screaming or crying . 
 i knelt down and pushed his pants leg up . 
 the bone stuck out from the skin . 
 `` in this case you have to shove it back in , '' i said . 
 he moaned and shook his head . 
 `` you have to . 
 you 've got to get the bone closer to where it 's supposed to be or it wo n't heal right . 
 your skin is going to close up around the bone and then i 'm going to have to slice the skin open again . '' 
 `` that is so gross , '' he mumbled against the mat . 
 `` sit up . '' 
 he slowly pushed himself to a sitting position , grimacing . 
 the training teams around us had turned to stare . 
 across the room , hugo was muffling a laugh with his hand . 
 `` just shove it back in . '' 
 i focused on twenty-two again . 
 `` that 's it ? '' 
 he exclaimed . 
 `` shove it in ? '' 
 `` give me your hand . '' 
 i held mine out . 
 he slipped his hand into mine . 
 it was warm and not as perfect as i had imagined . 
 i thought rich people must have soft hands free of any marks . 
 they did n't have to do hard manual labor like the people in the slums . 
 i was certain callum had never built a fence or worked a cotton farm in his life . 
 but his hands were rougher than mine , and when i turned his palm up i saw little scars on his fingers . 
 the scars from human life never fade . 
 `` like this , '' i said , placing his palm on the bone . 
 i pushed it in , hard , and he clapped his other hand over his mouth to stop a scream . 
 he collapsed on the mat again , a soft whimper escaping his throat . 
 i felt a pang of guilt . 
 that guilt again . 
 i did n't know if i liked it . 
 i had n't meant to break his leg . 
 it was a good learning experience , one he would have needed eventually anyway , but it had been an unfortunate side effect of him not moving as quickly as i 'd told him to . 
 `` you 're going to have to learn to move faster . '' 
 i think i had meant that as an apology . 
 it did n't come out right . 
 `` i mean , i did n't - '' wait . 
 i did n't apologize to newbies . 
 i was here to teach him . 
 he needed to know how to pop his own bone back in . 
 he rolled over onto his back and looked at me in amusement . 
 well , amusement tinged with searing pain . 
 `` if you apologize every time you hurt me , you wo n't be doing much of anything else . '' 
 a laugh bubbled up in my chest and i quickly turned away so he could n't see the smile on my face . 
 `` get up , '' i said , jumping to my feet . 
 `` my leg 's still broken . '' 
 `` i do n't care . 
 get up . 
 if you just lie there in the field they 'll break your other leg and then you 're screwed . '' 
 he unsteadily got to his feet . 
 `` is it really that bad out there ? '' 
 he asked , trying to keep all his weight on his good leg . 
 `` it depends , '' i said . 
 `` on what ? '' 
 `` who it is . 
 if you 're just extracting a sick person it 's fairly easy . 
 if it 's a criminal with a big family you might get ambushed getting to them . 
 depends on how scared they are . 
 if they 've gotten cocky and think they can rebel . '' 
 `` what if they did n't do it ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` whatever crime we 're snatching them for . 
 what if they did n't do it ? '' 
 `` they always say they did n't do it . 
 it 's our job to bring them in . 
 harc takes care of the rest . '' 
 `` they let them go if they 're innocent ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i hesitated . 
 as a reboot , i was never informed of what happened to the humans i captured . 
 as a girl living in the slums , i knew the truth . 
 once they took someone , he never came back . 
 `` they 're sure of their guilt before they take them , '' i said . 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` it 's not our concern . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` we 're the ones catching all these people . '' 
 `` our job ends there . '' 
 `` where do they go ? '' 
 i had wondered that myself once . 
 some sort of prison ? 
 i doubted it . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` do they tell anyone ? 
 the families ? '' 
 it figured the rich boy had no idea how this worked . 
 i did one assignment in the rich area of town for every hundred i did in the slums . 
 `` no . 
 i do n't think so , anyway . '' 
 `` but - '' `` how 's the leg ? '' 
 i interrupted . 
 he looked down , shaking it out . 
 `` getting there . '' 
 `` get your arms up , then . 
 let 's keep going . '' 
 he met my eyes almost every time i swung at him . 
 i was n't sure what to make of the way he looked at me , like he was intrigued by something . 
 the little flutters it caused in my chest were distracting . 
 `` let 's stop for today , '' i said after his jaw had healed from its second break of the day . 
 dinner was in ten minutes ; everyone else was clearing out of the gym . 
 i held out my hand to help him off the mat and he took it . 
 as he pulled himself to a standing position , he put his hand lightly on my arm and leaned so close to my ear his breath tickled my cheek . 
 my first instinct was to jump away . 
 no one came that close to me . 
 even as a human , i did n't remember anyone being so near i could feel the warmth of their skin . 
 but he began speaking , so softly that i would n't be able to hear him if i moved away . 
 `` do they listen to us all the time in here ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i whispered . 
 `` i know they do in the field . 
 there are cameras everywhere in here , so probably . '' 
 he straightened but did n't step away . 
 i think i meant to put a more appropriate distance between us , but i got distracted by the way he smiled down at me . 
 i 'd always lived in a world where i had to look up , but for the first time i wanted to rise up on my toes and bring my face closer to his . 
 i heard a throat clear and i quickly took a big step back . 
 whether or not they could hear us , they could most certainly see us . 
 the guard in the corner , the cameras on the wall , the other reboots passing by-they could see us just fine . 
 `` good night , '' i said , turning to quickly walk away . 
 eight `` you 're just observing this time , '' i said to twenty-two the next night as we stood on the roof of harc . 
 `` remember that . '' 
 he nodded . 
 he kept rubbing his hands up and down his arms and bouncing on his heels . 
 the newbies were always nervous , but i had thought he might stroll onto the roof with his usual smile . 
 he had n't , and i almost missed it . 
 ten reboots stood on the roof of harc in the dark , waiting for the shuttle . 
 five were newbies with their trainers . 
 lissy cast a scornful glance at twenty-two as he bounced , then looked at her forty-three smugly . 
 forty-three , with his tiny arms and odd facial twitch , did n't seem like much to be smug about . 
 `` do n't speak unless spoken to , '' i continued , ignoring lissy . 
 `` do everything the officers tell you to in the field . 
 otherwise , they will shoot you . '' 
 he nodded again as the shuttle landed on the roof with a bang , the gust of wind it brought blowing up my ponytail . 
 the side door slid open and leb stood there , his black sleeves rolled up to his elbows even though it was a chilly night . 
 he was a tall , well-built guy , and he often looked uncomfortable in the stiff harc uniform . 
 he waved his hand , gesturing for us to get on . 
 we stepped inside , the metal clanging underneath our boots . 
 since there were ten of us going out tonight we were in one of the midsize shuttles . 
 the small black plastic seats lined the side of the shuttle , facing the one bigger chair for the officer . 
 the door leading to the driver 's seat was still open , and i glimpsed the back of a human 's head . 
 the drivers never left the shuttle under any circumstance , and did n't interact with the reboots in back . 
 twenty-two stood next to me motionlessly , as i had instructed , and leb grabbed his arm and turned it over to look at his bar code . 
 he chuckled , the lines on his hard square face more pronounced when he smiled . 
 `` i heard you picked twenty-two , '' he said . 
 `` had to see for myself . '' 
 i had no idea how to respond to that . 
 i nodded slightly and he smiled , the only guard to smile at any reboot , much less me . 
 he was a weird human . 
 `` sit , '' he said , slamming the driver 's door closed and plopping down in his seat . 
 he had n't even taken his gun out of its holster . 
 he was one of the few officers to leave it on his hip when reboots entered the shuttle . 
 most of them stuck it in our faces , trying not to let it wobble . 
 i sat first and twenty-two followed , pulling the straps down his chest and fumbling as he tried to snap them . 
 he was shaking now . 
 the newbies were always scared of the shuttle ; in their human lives they had never been inside anything that moved so quickly or lifted off the ground . 
 most hid their fear . 
 it was only forty-three who let his terror show openly , his breathing heavy and unsteady . 
 lissy smacked his head . 
 i stared at twenty-two as we rose into the air . 
 he closed his eyes . 
 he looked almost human with his black eyes shut . 
 he had n't developed the speed or agility or predatorlike quality that defined a reboot yet . 
 he still had so many clumsy human traits . 
 yet as he stretched his legs out in front of him and ran his hands down his thighs i could see the reboot in him-the slow , controlled movement , how he seemed to take up every inch of space in a room by the way he held his body . 
 it was a subtle difference , the one between humans and reboots , but it was unmistakable . 
 leb caught me staring and raised his eyebrows . 
 i quickly focused my gaze on my hands . 
 `` you can speak freely , '' he said . 
 twenty-two remained silent as the other newbies whispered to their trainers , his fingers gripping the bottom of his seat every time we jerked . 
 `` there 's no reason to be scared , '' i said . 
 `` even if we crash , chances are we 'd be fine . '' 
 `` unless we 're decapitated . '' 
 `` well , yes . 
 but that seems unlikely . '' 
 `` or if the top comes down and crushes our heads in . '' 
 his eyes flew to the black metal above us . 
 `` trust me when i say a shuttle crash is the least of your worries tonight . '' 
 `` thank you . 
 i feel so much better . '' 
 he looked at leb . 
 `` how long have you been doing this ? 
 have you ever - '' `` twenty-two , '' i said sharply . 
 he looked at me and i shook my head . 
 the shuttle had gone silent again . 
 `` what ? 
 he said we could speak freely . '' 
 `` he did n't mean to him . '' 
 twenty-two rolled his eyes and i felt a spark of anger in my chest . 
 `` he could punish you for that , '' i said , looking at leb . 
 i glanced at the stick next to his hand . 
 a shuttle officer had never used one on me . 
 `` do you want me to ? '' 
 leb asked , eyeing twenty-two . 
 he did n't reach for the stick . 
 i took in a sharp breath . 
 he 'd never punished any of my newbies , but he 'd never had to . 
 they all did exactly as i said . 
 asking permission to hit my newbie was odd , though . 
 i knew that . 
 the other trainers knew that . 
 `` no , '' i replied . 
 every reboot in the shuttle stared at me . 
 i focused on twenty-two again . 
 `` should i be insulted that you hesitated ? '' 
 he asked with a smile . 
 `` i can still change my mind . '' 
 `` how will you tell him ? 
 he stopped talking . 
 apparently that means we 're only allowed to talk to one another again . '' 
 `` i will find a stick and beat you myself when we land . '' 
 `` promise ? '' 
 i heard a sound like laughter from leb 's direction and i looked over in surprise . 
 he ducked his head in an attempt to hide his smile . 
 twenty-two grinned at me . 
 `` focus , twenty-two , '' i said . 
 `` ca n't you call me callum ? '' 
 `` focus , callum , '' i said quietly , firmly . 
 `` sorry , '' he said , putting on a more serious face . 
 the shuttle landed and leb motioned for us to stand . 
 he slid the door open and we marched out into the dark , a soft breeze ruffling my ponytail . 
 they named the city rosa after the woman who built it . 
 i had always liked the name , had even been excited to hear i was to be stationed in rosa . 
 twenty-two stared , his lips parted , his neck pulsing strangely . 
 his horror was palpable , but when i turned , i saw nothing unusual . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` what is this ? 
 where are we ? '' 
 `` rosa , '' i said , glancing back as if to make sure . 
 of course it was rosa . 
 `` but ... this is the slums ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` are they all like this ? '' 
 he asked , his voice strained . 
 `` like what ? '' 
 he gestured and i looked again . 
 the slums of rosa were similar to the slums of austin , but perhaps a bit worse . 
 maybe the very worst . 
 rosa was a city built by the sick . 
 it was a surprise they survived at all after they were run off from austin . 
 as i understood it , even the rico side of rosa was n't much compared to the other cities of texas . 
 the buildings were wooden structures erected after the war . 
 the little homes sat close together , one story and two bedrooms and barely standing in some cases . 
 the humans with houses were lucky . 
 the apartments on the other side of town were not as nice . 
 `` we 're lucky to have any roof over our head , '' my mom had said the day we 'd been kicked out of yet another apartment . 
 we ended up sleeping in an abandoned building until they got the money together for a shared apartment . 
 we 'd never had a house . 
 i glanced at twenty-two and was almost tempted to horrify him further with that story , but his eyes were still fixed straight ahead . 
 i followed his gaze . 
 the roads were mostly dirt , but the two main streets were paved . 
 they were full of holes , though , abandoned after it became clear the slums were nothing but a disease-ridden reboot breeding ground . 
 trash piled up on the side of the street and the stench of rotting food and human waste filled the air . 
 the plumbing system in rosa was a work in progress . 
 `` they 're not all this bad , are they ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` not quite this bad . 
 similar , though . '' 
 `` in austin ? '' 
 he asked . 
 silly question , as i could tell he already knew the answer . 
 `` yes . 
 i 've forgotten a lot . 
 but yeah , it was like this . '' 
 `` and you grew up in ... '' the sympathetic expression on his face annoyed me . 
 the last thing i needed was pity from a rico boy . 
 `` look at your map , '' i said sharply . 
 `` you need to get familiar with rosa . '' 
 he pulled his map out of his pocket and i could n't help thinking that he was relieved to be looking anywhere other than at me . 
 `` which way ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he pointed in the wrong direction . 
 `` that 's north . '' 
 `` is north wrong ? '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` sorry . '' 
 he fumbled with the map , dropping one side as pink spread across his cheeks . 
 a pang of sympathy struck my chest . 
 i had n't been good at reading maps as a newbie . 
 humans did n't need maps . 
 their lives consisted of the same ten-to-fifteen-mile space . 
 `` you 're here , '' i said , pointing to the spot on the map . 
 `` we 're going here . '' 
 he raised his eyes to mine and smiled . 
 `` okay . 
 thanks . '' 
 i took off down the street and he skipped to keep up . 
 he glanced behind him and i turned to see leb leaning against the shuttle , his eyes on something in the distance . 
 `` he stays there ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes . 
 officers stay with the shuttle unless they lose audio or video feed on a reboot . 
 then they will come look for you . 
 but do n't expect them to help you with your assignment . 
 they 're only here to keep track of us . '' 
 we turned a corner and i crept across the patchy dead grass to the door of our target , thomas cole . 
 he had killed his son . 
 they always gave me the child murderers . 
 i did n't object . 
 it did n't say so on the assignment slip , but there was a very good chance he had killed his son because the child died and then rebooted . 
 once a human became a reboot , they were property of harc , and though harc had no qualms about killing us later , civilians were n't allowed to make that decision . 
 even if it was their own child . 
 a few parents went the other way , attempting to hide their reboot children from harc , but that also led to arrest . 
 i did n't think most parents minded when their reboot children were shipped away . 
 they were glad to be rid of us . 
 `` first ? '' 
 i asked , looking back at twenty-two . 
 `` knock . '' 
 i nodded . 
 it gave them a chance to come willingly . 
 it rarely worked . 
 i knocked and held my fist up to twenty-two , counting out five fingers . 
 then i kicked the door in . 
 every piece of furniture thomas cole owned was piled in front of the door . 
 not the first time an assignment had blockaded the front door , but definitely one of worst attempts . 
 i pushed the old , rickety furniture out of the way and hopped over the rest . 
 the people who barricaded themselves in their homes had nowhere else to go . 
 no friends . 
 no family . 
 no human would touch them . 
 a smile crossed my lips . 
 i quickly wiped it off my face as twenty-two climbed over the furniture . 
 he would think i was insane , smiling at a time like this . 
 two bullets bit at my shoulder as blasts erupted from the hallway . 
 humans were forbidden to own guns . 
 many did anyway . 
 i pointed for twenty-two to get out of the way . 
 he stumbled over a chair , his eyes fixed on the holes in my shoulder . 
 i ducked as another shot whizzed over my helmet and twenty-two pressed his body into the rotting wood of the wall . 
 i ran to the hallway , using my arm to cover my face . 
 depending on the type of gun he was using , my helmet might offer no protection at all from a direct shot . 
 but he was a lousy shot . 
 i felt one in my chest and another scrape my neck as the blasts rang in my ears . 
 when i rounded the corner and came face-to-face with him he missed from three feet away . 
 he was out of bullets with that last shot . 
 `` twenty-two ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 teaching mission . 
 cole sent his foot straight into my stomach . 
 a gasp escaped my mouth and my back hit the wall with a loud crack . 
 he took off at a full sprint to the back door and i hauled myself up to my full height . 
 the pain pinged at me in several places-how many times had he shot me ? 
 four , perhaps . 
 only two had gone straight through . 
 i was going to have to dig the other two out with a knife when i got home . 
 `` come on , '' i called to twenty-two as i took off after the human . 
 i only caught a quick glimpse of the terror on his face before i was running at top speed down the dirt road behind cole . 
 his long legs kicked up dirt as he flew down the street . 
 i picked up the pace , twenty-two 's footsteps pounding behind me . 
 at least he could keep up now . 
 i jumped over the trash bin cole threw in my way and he disappeared around a corner . 
 he was faster than the average human . 
 the chase felt good . 
 i rounded the corner and sidestepped his swing before his fist could make contact with my face . 
 i loved it when they got cocky and stopped running . 
 what harm could that little blond girl possibly do to me ? 
 no human had ever said it to me , but i 'd seen it in their eyes . 
 i delivered a swift punch to his jaw to answer the question . 
 he stumbled and i punched him again . 
 blood on my hands this time . 
 i took his legs out from under him with one kick and i slapped the handcuffs on his wrists . 
 he let out an angry scream and kicked his feet , frantically trying to make contact with my stomach . 
 i grabbed the foot cuffs and bound his ankles . 
 i attached the leash and looked up at twenty-two . 
 his chest rose and fell so quickly i thought something might burst out of it . 
 his face was red , although it seemed more from anger than running . 
 `` secure the feet if they 're runners , '' i said , pointing . 
 `` especially if they 're fast . '' 
 cole spit on my shoes , so i gave him a kick in the mouth . 
 not necessary . 
 but it felt good . 
 `` wren one-seventy-eight with twenty-two , '' i spoke into my com . 
 `` assignment secure . '' 
 `` proceed to shuttle . '' 
 i looked up at twenty-two . 
 `` do you remember how to get back ? '' 
 his breathing had slowed . 
 his panic , however , had increased . 
 the smiling twenty-two , the boy in the shuttle ten minutes ago , was gone , replaced by the terrified reboot staring at me . 
 his eyes flicked over the bullet wounds still seeping blood all over my body , then to the man i had tied at my feet . 
 they all looked terrified the first time ; i suppose i should have known twenty-two would be worse . 
 i pointed in the right direction but he did n't move . 
 i hauled cole through the dirt and past him , grabbing his arm and giving it a tug . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 he said nothing ; i had to glance back to see if he actually followed . 
 he did , trudging along with his face turned to the ground . 
 `` hey ! 
 hey ! 
 help me ! '' 
 cole yelled . 
 i whirled around to see a human crouched at the side of a building , his arms wrapped around his thin brown pants . 
 twenty-two stopped and the human fell backward , panicked gasps escaping his mouth . 
 the human 's eyes met mine and i saw the flash of recognition . 
 many humans in rosa knew me from my five years of assignments . 
 they were never pleased to see me . 
 twenty-two drew a shaky breath as he looked from me to the horrified human . 
 `` curfew violation , '' i said into my com . 
 the human let out a yell , scrambling to his feet . 
 `` leave it , '' the voice on the other end said . 
 i jerked my head at twenty-two , but he was watching the human throw terrified glances over his shoulder as he ran . 
 `` they ordered us to leave it , '' i said , pulling on cole 's leash again . 
 i turned and twenty-two followed a few seconds later . 
 i threw cole in the human shuttle and we walked to the adjacent one in silence . 
 i felt like i should say something , although i had no idea what . 
 i had a speech i usually made at this point-toughen up , accept your life , it gets easier-but i could n't remember it . 
 his sad little face made me want to say nothing at all . 
 we entered the reboot shuttle and leb gestured for us to sit down . 
 only hugo and his newbie were back , so there was nothing to fill the silence as we strapped ourselves in . 
 the rest of the reboots trickled in , lissy and her newbie last . 
 forty-three had two black eyes and tears streamed down his bloody face . 
 it looked as though they 'd had a tough human , and lissy had n't done much to get her trainee out of the way . 
 twenty-two gave me the smallest of grateful smiles . 
 that could have been him . 
 my mouth turned up just slightly . 
 `` sit , '' leb said , turning away as he closed the driver 's door . 
 forty-three just stood there . 
 lissy yanked on his shirt and he whirled around , his hand smacking across her face . 
 she gasped and shot to her feet , shoving her hands against his shoulders so hard he stumbled . 
 leb strode across the shuttle and grabbed forty-three by the front of his collar . 
 he roughly shoved him into his seat , gesturing for lissy to sit as well . 
 she glared at her trainee as she strapped in . 
 forty-three 's breathing was still heavy , his gold eyes fixed on leb . 
 the officer did n't notice . 
 leb sat down and stared at his hands , lost in thought . 
 forty-three 's mouth twisted , hate spewing from his every pore . 
 i 'd seen newbies have similar reactions after their first assignment , although many of them were better at concealing it . 
 the hatred of humans , particularly of harc officers , was understandable in a new reboot . 
 they were shoving guns in our faces and yelling and making us do their dirty work . 
 it did n't bother me anymore , but i remembered the feeling as a newbie . 
 i 'd understood my trainer did n't have a choice any more than i did . 
 it was the humans who made us do this . 
 i tried to catch lissy 's eye , to get her to control her trainee before leb noticed , but she was biting her nails , her gaze on the shuttle wall . 
 forty-three thrust his hand into his pocket . 
 i saw only the flash of silver as he jumped up from his seat , but i knew it was a knife . 
 the scream echoed across the shuttle as he ran for leb , blade aimed at his chest . 
 i threw off my straps and shot to my feet . 
 the officer 's eyes were wide , his hand nowhere near his gun yet . 
 i dove in front of leb as forty-three thrust the knife at him . 
 it slid into my stomach like it was a good piece of rare steak . 
 forty-three pulled the blade out , red and shaking in his hand . 
 i kicked his leg , easily grabbing the knife as he went down . 
 he rolled onto his knees , sobs shaking his body . 
 he would be eliminated for bringing a weapon onto the shuttle , so i could almost understand the tears . 
 some officers might have killed him right away , but leb was the type to let officer mayer deal out the more permanent punishments . 
 `` great , '' lissy muttered under her breath , making no move to help forty-three . 
 i wiped the blood dripping from the blade on my pants and held the knife out to leb . 
 he still sat there , the poor , slow human . 
 he stared at me and i raised my eyebrows and held the knife a bit closer . 
 he took it . 
 `` thank you , '' he said quietly . 
 i frowned at that response . 
 he lowered his head and i wished i 'd nodded or said , `` you 're welcome . '' 
 i had n't been expecting a thank-you . 
 i was n't even sure why i 'd done it . 
 i supposed he was my favorite harc officer , but that was a bit like having a favorite vegetable . 
 they were all pretty uninteresting . 
 i went back to my seat , my hand drifting to my stomach . 
 my shirt was soaked through with blood . 
 twenty-two 's head was in his hands . 
 i focused on the floor , glad i did n't have to meet those panicked , horrified eyes again . 
 nine twenty-two sat slumped over his breakfast , poking at the oats with his spoon . 
 his hand rested against his cheek and his eyes drooped . 
 his head was practically on the cafeteria table . 
 ever and i sat down across from him , and she gave me a worried glance when she caught sight of his sullen expression . 
 she looked somewhat better today . 
 no growling last night . 
 i actually slept . 
 `` you all right ? '' 
 ever asked twenty-two . 
 i wished she had n't . 
 he obviously was n't all right . 
 the newbies rarely were after their first assignment . 
 `` there 's no point , '' he mumbled . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 ever asked . 
 twenty-two looked up at me . 
 `` you 're wasting your time with me . 
 you should have picked one-twenty-one . 
 i 'll never be able to do this . '' 
 ever glanced from me to him , her eyebrows furrowed in concern . 
 `` it gets better , '' she said . 
 i could tell she was lying . 
 twenty-two saw the lie as well . 
 he frowned at her , then turned his head away , his dark eyes hard and angry . 
 `` that guy shot you four times , '' he said . 
 `` you did n't even blink . 
 it 's like it did n't register with you . '' 
 `` i 've been shot a lot . 
 you adjust , '' i said . 
 `` you adjust . 
 i ca n't do that . '' 
 `` her trainer shot her over and over , '' ever said quietly , and i stiffened . 
 `` she was scared , too , so he and the guards shot her until she was n't scared anymore . '' 
 it was true , but i frowned at ever for sharing . 
 bullets paralyzed me at first , reminded me of my human death , and my trainer found that unacceptable . 
 he instructed the guards to shoot me until i became desensitized to it . 
 some of the anger had fallen off twenty-two 's face as he turned to me . 
 `` who was your trainer ? '' 
 he asked , disgust in every word . 
 he should n't have been disgusted . 
 the only reason i was alive today was because i had a good trainer . 
 `` one-fifty-seven . 
 he died in the field a few months ago . '' 
 that was what leb had told me , anyway . 
 he 'd been close to twenty years old . 
 `` shame i could n't meet that guy , '' he muttered , crossing his arms over his chest . 
 `` the point is , it got better for her , '' ever said , ignoring my frown . 
 `` it 'll get better for you . '' 
 `` i do n't want it to get better . 
 i do n't want to do it at all . '' 
 he reminded me of a three-year-old with his arms folded and his lips in a bit of a pout . 
 it was almost cute . 
 `` you do n't get a choice , '' i said . 
 `` i should . 
 none of this is my fault . 
 i did n't ask to die and rise from the dead . '' 
 my eyes darted around the room . 
 i hoped the humans were n't listening . 
 that was the sort of thing they eliminated reboots for . 
 `` pull it together , '' i said , lowering my voice . 
 `` the first time is the hardest . 
 you 'll adapt . '' 
 `` i wo n't adapt . 
 i do n't want to turn into some monster who enjoys hunting people . '' 
 and then he gestured at me . 
 a knife sliced through my chest . 
 i blinked , not sure what to make of the pain . 
 his words echoed in my ears and it was suddenly hard to breathe . 
 some monster who enjoys hunting people . 
 i did n't like the words , did n't want him to think of me that way . 
 since when did i care what my newbies thought of me ? 
 `` why do n't you just piss off ? '' 
 ever 's voice , harsh and icy , made me look up . 
 she glared at twenty-two , gripping her fork like she was considering using it as a weapon . 
 he grabbed his tray and got to his feet . 
 i stole a glance at him and saw confusion and surprise written all over his face . 
 i was n't sure where either emotion came from . 
 he opened his mouth , looked at ever , and seemed to think better of it . 
 he spun around and slunk away . 
 ever exhaled , relaxing her grip on her fork . 
 `` that was crap . 
 you know that , right ? 
 utter crap . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i was still having trouble gathering air into my lungs . 
 his words kept spinning around my brain , taunting me . 
 `` you 're not a monster who enjoys hunting people . '' 
 i frowned . 
 that assessment seemed fair . 
 i could see his point . 
 `` hey . 
 wren . '' 
 i looked up at ever and she put her hand over mine . 
 `` he 's wrong . 
 okay ? '' 
 i nodded , slipping my hand out from under hers . 
 her skin was warm , much warmer than mine , and it made the tightness in my chest worse . 
 `` i still ca n't believe you picked callum , '' she said , taking a bite of her oats . 
 `` it 's a challenge , i suppose , '' i said . 
 `` but you always pick the highest number , '' she said . 
 `` you always do things exactly the same . '' 
 i lifted my eyes to hers to find her staring at me intently . 
 she 'd been giving me that look since our conversation in the shower . 
 she did n't seem sure what to make of me . 
 `` he asked me to pick him . '' 
 `` that 's it ? 
 he asked , so you did it ? '' 
 `` he needed me more . '' 
 her eyebrows lifted and she slowly smiled at me . 
 `` true . '' 
 she popped a piece of bacon in her mouth . 
 `` plus he 's pretty cute when he 's not being an ass . '' 
 `` he 's ... '' i did n't know where i was going with that . 
 i could n't say not . 
 that was n't true . 
 anyone could see he was cute . 
 anyone could see those eyes and that smile . 
 i felt warmth on my face . 
 was i blushing ? 
 i 'd never had those kinds of thoughts about a boy . 
 ever 's mouth dropped open . 
 she 'd been kidding about the `` cute '' thing . 
 she clearly never expected me to agree . 
 she burst out laughing , muffling it with her hand . 
 i shrugged , embarrassed to have given myself away . 
 embarrassed to have those feelings at all . 
 but it clearly pleased ever . 
 she looked happier than she had in days , and i returned her smile . 
 `` softie , '' she teased under her breath . 
 i entered the gym to see twenty-two standing in the corner by himself , his back to the other trainers and newbies . 
 he still wore the same miserable expression . 
 i started at the flash of rage that shot through my body . 
 the sight of him made my heart beat funny , sent prickles of anger rushing over my skin . 
 what right did he have to be miserable , when he was the one calling me a monster ? 
 i wanted to shake him and scream at him that he had no right to judge me . 
 i wanted to bash his face in until he took it back . 
 he looked up as i stomped over , his expression softening just slightly . 
 `` wren , i - '' `` shut it and get in position . '' 
 he did n't get in position . 
 he stood rooted to his spot and reached out to touch me . 
 i quickly stepped away . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i did n't mean - '' `` get your arms up ! '' 
 i yelled so loudly he jumped . 
 i did n't like the tentative smile he was giving me . 
 he did n't put his arms up , so i threw a hard fast punch straight into his face . 
 he stumbled and fell on his butt . 
 `` get on your feet and put your arms up , '' i said tightly . 
 `` block the next one . '' 
 he looked dazed , and blood trickled from his nose , but he stood up and stuck his arms in front of his face . 
 i purposefully threw punches he could n't block . 
 hard , fast , angry . 
 my chest burned in a way i had never felt before . 
 my throat ached from the growing lump . 
 he hit the mat for the tenth time , his face a barely recognizable bloody mess . 
 he did n't get up this time . 
 he collapsed , breathing heavily . 
 `` you 're right , '' i said . 
 `` i should have picked one-twenty-one . 
 but now i 'm stuck with you , so i suggest you quit your whining and pull it together . 
 there are no more choices , rich boy . 
 this is it , forever . 
 get used to it . '' 
 i whirled around and stormed out of the gym , the eyes of all the other trainers and newbies on me . 
 `` nice work , one-seventy-eight , '' a guard said to me with a nod . 
 a sick feeling washed over me . 
 i 'd heard those words many times in my five years at harc , but there was no pride or satisfaction on my part this time . 
 i made a sharp turn into the showers and rushed to a sink . 
 i smeared twenty-two 's blood on the faucet as i clumsily turned the knob . 
 the water ran red as it dripped from my fingers and i pressed my lips together and turned away . 
 i 'd never been squeamish at the sight of blood , but this was different . 
 i saw his face in the red . 
 i washed my hands four times . 
 when i finished i looked up at my reflection . 
 i could n't remember the last time i had looked in the mirror . 
 it had been years . 
 human memories faded faster the younger a reboot died . 
 i remembered broad strokes of my life before the age of twelve , but the details were fuzzy . 
 but i remembered my eyes . 
 in my head my eyes were the same light blue they 'd been before i died . 
 my reflection was different . 
 the blue was bright , piercing , unnatural . 
 inhuman . 
 i would have guessed my eyes would be scarier . 
 cold and emotionless . 
 but they were ... pretty ? 
 it seemed weird to describe myself that way . 
 but my eyes were big and sad , and the deep blue color was actually kind of nice . 
 at first glance i was not intimidating . 
 cute , even . 
 i was the shortest person in most rooms , often shorter than the thirteen-and fourteen-year-old newbies . 
 a tuft of blond hair stuck out the end of my ponytail , hair i 'd chopped off to just above my shoulders myself . 
 i was n't as scary-looking as i 'd imagined . 
 i barely looked scary at all , to be honest . 
 i certainly did n't look like a monster who enjoyed hunting people . 
 ten the night air was still as i opened the stairwell door and stepped onto the roof of the facility . 
 the humans waited for me near the edge and i headed toward them , adjusting my helmet so it was straight on my head . 
 `` i trust you , one-seventy-eight . '' 
 officer mayer put his hands on his wide hips and gave me a look like i was to respond to that . 
 `` thank you , '' i said automatically . 
 officer mayer told me he trusted me every time he saw me , as if trying to convince himself . 
 i was the only reboot to have regular contact with the commanding officer . 
 i doubted anyone was jealous . 
 i saw him often , as rosa was the biggest facility and he kept an office here . 
 i saw the woman standing next to him , suzanna palm , very rarely . 
 she was the chairman of harc , and i had no idea what it was she did , exactly , but her presence tonight could n't be a good thing . 
 `` i trust you 've been told this mission is confidential ? '' 
 suzanna asked . 
 she was squinting at me in a way that felt disapproving . 
 perhaps she was just uncomfortable in her ridiculous heels . 
 or maybe those wild silver-streaked brown curls blowing all over the place annoyed her . 
 they would have annoyed me . 
 i nodded as the shuttle landed on the roof . 
 officer mayer stepped away as the door opened , giving me a look that was meant to be encouraging . 
 i did n't feel encouraged . 
 the last thing i wanted to do tonight was go on a surprise solo mission . 
 but i did have to admit that i hoped the assignment was a runner . 
 i would n't mind smashing a human 's face into the ground tonight . 
 a vision of twenty-two 's bloody face flashed in front of my eyes and i pushed the image back . 
 it would n't stay away for long , though . 
 all day i 'd seen it and felt the heaviness in my chest . 
 i wanted to tell my brain to stop being dumb . 
 he 'd been healed for hours ; it was n't like i 'd done any permanent damage . 
 leb twisted his hands together as i entered the small shuttle , and he barely glanced at me . 
 his palpable discomfort almost made me nervous . 
 officer mayer 's solo assignments were rarely good , but leb was usually the officer on duty for them . 
 they `` trusted '' him , too , apparently . 
 we 'd take only one shuttle tonight , so the prisoner would come back with us . 
 i took one of the four small seats across from leb and pulled the straps down my body , trying to ignore the anxious look on his face . 
 i did n't like that look . 
 i focused on my assignment slip instead , which simply said , milo , thirties , 5 ' 10 '' -6 ' brown hair . 
 there was no mention of why i was bringing him in . 
 they knew i would n't ask . 
 twenty-two 's comment about how we should know what the human had done to warrant capture ran through my head . 
 i pushed it away . 
 i could wonder about human crimes all i wanted , but harc never gave out that information on solo missions . 
 we rode in silence over rosa until the shuttle descended and settled on the ground . 
 the door slid open to reveal the heart of the slums and i unhooked my straps , getting to my feet . 
 a dirt road curved around tiny wooden houses , every one dark and silent , as it was past curfew . 
 we 'd stopped very close to the assignment 's house . 
 officer mayer did n't take chances , did n't enjoy the chase the way i did . 
 the house was just as run-down and sad as all the others , with one notable exception . 
 the windows . 
 two square windows , at the front of the house , were covered by absolutely nothing . 
 anyone could walk right by and see everything he owned . 
 most houses in rosa did n't have windows , or if they did , they were small and blocked . 
 theft was rampant . 
 windows were an invitation . 
 this human was a total idiot . 
 i jumped out of the shuttle and jogged through the dirt to the front steps of the house . 
 the boards creaked beneath my feet as i approached the door and stopped , tilting my head toward the house . 
 it was silent , the only noise the rustle of leaves from the tree next door . 
 knocking was not required on officer mayer 's special assignments , so i kicked the door as hard as i could and it swung open to reveal darkness . 
 i stepped inside , scanning to my left , where i could see the faint outline of a couch and a few chairs . 
 a hallway lay just past the living room , but i saw no sign of life in the other rooms of the house . 
 perhaps i 'd gotten lucky , and the human was a heavy sleeper . 
 my boots made the slightest sound against the wood as i crept past the couch and down the hallway . 
 the first door on my left was open , a bathroom . 
 the only other door was right across from it , and i pressed the tips of my fingers against it as i gripped the doorknob with my other hand . 
 it squeaked as i turned it , and i winced at the sound . 
 i pushed the door open and squinted in the darkness at the bed in front of me . 
 it was empty . 
 i caught a blur of motion out of the corner of my eye and i dug my fingers into either side of the doorframe . 
 no windows in the bedroom . 
 i had him trapped . 
 the light flipped on and i blinked , surprised . 
 the human-milo , i assumed-stood next to the bed in nothing but a t-shirt , a pair of boxers , and socks . 
 he was grinning . 
 i cocked my head to the side , confused by his reaction . 
 his eyes flicked up and down my body and he smiled wider , gripping something in his hand . 
 it was a metal tube , about two inches long . 
 `` one-seventy-eight , cuff him ! '' 
 officer mayer yelled through my com . 
 a horrible shrieking sound pierced my ear and i gasped and quickly pulled my com out . 
 i rubbed my ear , frowning at milo . 
 `` who 's your shuttle officer ? '' 
 he rushed across the room toward me . 
 i took a step back , lifting my arms to defend myself . 
 he made an exasperated sound . 
 `` would you stop it ? 
 i 'm on your side . '' 
 my side ? 
 which side was that ? 
 i turned at the sound of footsteps and leb appeared from around the corner , his eyes wide and panicked . 
 he looked from me to milo and i quickly reached for my cuffs , unable to think of an explanation as to why i had n't already secured the assignment . 
 milo held up a silver device to leb and the officer 's face changed from panic to anger . 
 `` yours is down , too , right , leb ? '' 
 milo asked . 
 i froze . 
 the human knew leb . 
 leb opened his mouth , but then snapped it shut and turned to me . 
 he was worried . 
 scared . 
 of me ? 
 leb had never looked scared of me . 
 he sighed , pinching the bridge of his nose with two fingers . 
 `` you took out all video and communications . 
 even on the shuttle . '' 
 `` nice , '' milo said , dropping the device on his bed . 
 `` i would have appreciated a heads-up , you know . '' 
 `` i did n't have time , '' leb said . 
 `` i got the assignment half an hour ago . '' 
 milo sighed . 
 `` that is smart of them , i guess . 
 want to make it up to me by letting me go ? 
 you can say i got away . '' 
 `` she does n't let people get away , '' leb said . 
 that was true . 
 and why would leb let him go ? 
 `` what the hell were you thinking ? '' 
 leb continued angrily . 
 `` they 're going to know why you shut down their communications . 
 they 're going to kill her . 
 and me , maybe . '' 
 i blinked , dropping my com , and leb gave me an apologetic look as i scooped it up . 
 why would they kill me ? 
 i 'd followed orders . 
 `` get in the shuttle , '' leb said to milo . 
 `` one-seventy-eight , cuff him . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 milo exclaimed as i took a step toward him . 
 `` come on , man , you ca n't give me to them ! '' 
 `` i do n't have a choice , '' leb said , gesturing for us to follow him . 
 `` if we do n't get on that shuttle now and get back to harc they 'll kill me and her , and probably hunt you down in a few days anyway . '' 
 `` but ... '' milo looked from me to leb , his eyes flicking to the cuffs in my hand . 
 milo darted into the hallway , pushing leb out of the way . 
 i grabbed for his waist , catching only a handful of shirt instead . 
 he twisted out of my grasp and shot through the door , slipping on the floor in his socks . 
 `` oh yes , there 's a good idea , milo , '' leb said dryly . 
 `` run from one-seventy-eight . '' 
 i raced into the living room and launched myself at milo . 
 we hit the floor together and he grunted and began squirming beneath me . 
 i reached for my cuffs as he groped for the edge of the couch . 
 `` would you stop it ? '' 
 leb snapped , his boots appearing beside me . 
 `` just let her cuff you . '' 
 milo groaned but stopped squirming long enough for me to snap the cuffs around his wrists . 
 i hauled him up to his feet and he blew a few strands of hair out of his eyes as he twisted around to look at leb . 
 `` but i think - '' `` just shut up until we get in the shuttle , '' leb said , stopping at the doorway with his hand poised over the doorknob . 
 `` got it ? '' 
 milo nodded glumly and leb pushed his way outside . 
 the pilot was standing next to the shuttle door , his face curious . 
 `` everything 's fine , '' leb said to him as he slid open the door of the shuttle . 
 `` let 's get back . '' 
 the officer nodded and hopped into the driver 's seat , and i pointed for milo to get inside . 
 the human targets were locked in a separate compartment at the back of the shuttle , a way to safeguard the officer on duty . 
 milo walked through the small opening and i shut the door behind him . 
 i settled into my seat , my eyes on leb . 
 he was pointedly avoiding my gaze . 
 `` can you help me ? '' 
 milo started talking as fast as he could , forehead pressed to the glass compartment . 
 `` maybe during transport . 
 you could let me slip away when they ship me off to austin , right ? '' 
 `` maybe , '' leb said . 
 `` or maybe even tonight . 
 do you know a way out ? 
 do - '' `` would you give me a minute to think ? '' 
 leb frowned at him and leaned forward , resting his elbows on his knees and running his hands into his dark hair . 
 silence filled the shuttle , the only sound the hum of the engine . 
 milo 's eyes darted from me to leb , his face curious . 
 `` does she talk ? '' 
 milo asked after several moments of silence . 
 leb did n't reply or make any move to indicate he 'd heard him . 
 `` do you do a lot of solo missions with one-seventy-eight ? '' 
 milo asked . 
 `` tony would have appreciated that detail . 
 have you explained things to her ? 
 maybe she can help me . 
 or us , eventually . '' 
 leb lifted his head and glared at milo . 
 `` has there been any progress with adina ? '' 
 `` no . 
 they lost three more rebels inside harc last month in austin alone and they 've stopped getting reboots out for now . '' 
 the rebels . 
 i 'd heard whispers of them as a child . 
 humans in the slums banding together to stand against harc , tear down the walls between the rico and the slums , and bring back a citizen-led government . 
 a girl at school claimed her father was part of a team launching an assault on the austin harc facility . 
 the whole family had gone missing a few days later . 
 my eyes widened and leb caught sight of my expression . 
 he let out a long sigh , muttering something to himself . 
 `` what does that mean , they 've stopped getting reboots out for now ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` oh , come on , '' milo said , shooting leb a look . 
 `` you really have n't told her anything ? '' 
 `` i am not helping you until you get adina out , so i did n't really see the point , '' leb said . 
 `` and now you 've risked them eliminating her , so it does n't even matter . '' 
 i wished leb would stop saying that . 
 the sick feeling in my stomach was starting to spread to my throat and i had to swallow the rising lump . 
 `` please , '' milo said , rolling his eyes . 
 `` they 're not going to do anything to their precious one-seventy-eight . 
 they think she 's nothin ' but an empty shell anyway . '' 
 he grimaced . 
 `` sorry , tiny . '' 
 `` it 's wren , '' i said with a frown . 
 empty shell ? 
 i did n't know about that . 
 i was n't an emotional under-sixty , but there was something in there . 
 i was pretty sure there was something in there . 
 `` listen to me , '' milo said , raising his voice so i could hear through the glass . 
 `` reboots escape . '' 
 that was ridiculous . 
 i gave him a suspicious look , not sure what kind of game he was playing . 
 `` they escape , and they 've formed a reservation in northern texas , not far from the border . 
 the ones they tell you died in the field ? 
 but they mysteriously ca n't find their bodies ? 
 they did n't die . '' 
 i had n't seen a body when my trainer died . 
 i turned to leb , my eyes wide . 
 `` one-fifty-seven ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yes . 
 he escaped . '' 
 leb shifted uncomfortably . 
 `` how ? '' 
 he would n't meet my eyes . 
 `` i was able to get my hands on a tracker locator and i got him out when he was on assignment . '' 
 `` why would you do that ? '' 
 why would any human want to help a reboot ? 
 we were mankind 's greatest enemy . 
 `` because they promised to help my daughter , '' he said . 
 `` she 's a reboot at the austin facility and the rebels said if i helped get out a high number , someone harc thought would never try to escape , they would break her out in return . '' 
 his eyes hardened and he glared at milo . 
 `` they lied . '' 
 `` we did not lie ! '' 
 milo protested . 
 `` but we just lost three people and i 'm sorry , but getting a thirty-nine out is n't our highest priority right now . '' 
 `` you help the higher numbers escape ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i still could n't understand why . 
 `` we make the higher numbers a priority because they 're more useful to harc . 
 but we 've gotten out lower numbers , too . 
 it depends on who we can get to . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i asked incredulously . 
 `` because we ca n't change anything with all of you working for harc , '' milo said . 
 `` if we 're ever going to have a chance of getting rid of harc , we need help . 
 like badass , trained-in-combat help . 
 and we figured you all would n't turn down the chance to escape . '' 
 `` but ... '' we were n't human . 
 and i did n't want to break it to the guy , but if someone helped me escape i probably would just run away . 
 i was n't sticking around to help a bunch of humans . 
 i found it hard to believe there was a reboot reservation at all , much less one allied with these human rebels . 
 `` or at the very least , they need you gone so they have a shot , '' leb said , like he could tell what i was thinking . 
 the shuttle began to descend , and milo looked at leb with wide eyes . 
 `` you can help me , right ? 
 you can get me out of this ? '' 
 `` maybe , '' leb said , running a hand down his face . 
 `` i can try to set something up for when you 're transferred to austin . 
 but they 've got suzanna palm in rosa tonight . 
 you 're just going to have to tough it out through questioning for now . '' 
 the color drained from milo 's face , but he nodded . 
 `` but you can get me out later , right ? 
 because - '' `` i said i 'd try , '' leb snapped . 
 he turned to me . 
 `` they 're going to ask you what happened during the silence . 
 you need to tell them the truth , sort of . '' 
 i blinked , confused . 
 all the humans had lost their minds . 
 `` a version of the truth . 
 tell them milo started ranting about the reboot reservation and people escaping . 
 tell them he said one-fifty-seven escaped . 
 and that he wanted to help you . 
 then tell them that you think he 's crazy . 
 that even if he is n't , you would n't go . 
 do that thing where you look blank , like you have no feelings at all . '' 
 `` i think that 's just my face . '' 
 `` fine . 
 you have to give them something . 
 they 're never going to believe he was just silent while your com malfunctioned . '' 
 he looked at me pleadingly . 
 `` but please do n't tell them about me or adina . 
 can you just say i told you to remain silent ? 
 i have two other kids and my wife is gone . 
 i ca n't get caught . '' 
 the shuttle jerked to a stop on the ground and i nodded . 
 he did n't look entirely convinced i would n't rat him out . 
 `` and you ca n't tell any of the other reboots about this , '' leb whispered , his words coming in a rush . 
 `` i ca n't get any more of them out right now . 
 i came this close to getting caught last time . 
 i 'm not risking it again . '' 
 he turned to glare at milo . 
 `` especially when certain people do n't keep their word . '' 
 milo glared right back as the door slid open to reveal officer mayer on the roof , his hands on his hips , anger radiating off his chubby body . 
 suzanna stood beside him , her anger controlled , if she felt any . 
 she simply lifted her eyebrows at me . 
 a corner of her mouth turned up as she regarded milo . 
 i did n't blame the human for wincing . 
 `` take him down to interrogation for suzanna , '' officer mayer barked to leb , gesturing at milo . 
 `` then get down to the debriefing room and wait for me . 
 you , come here ! '' 
 he screamed the last sentence at me and i bolted out of the shuttle . 
 he grabbed me by the arm and hauled me down the stairs like i was a child who had run off . 
 he did n't let go until we reached his ninth-floor office , dropping my arm to shove his key in the lock . 
 he slammed the door behind him and whirled around to face me , his face so close i could smell his sour breath . 
 he screamed something at me . 
 i had no idea what it was . 
 really . 
 all the humans had lost it . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i do n't understand , sir . '' 
 i sounded calm . 
 he took a visible breath . 
 `` why did you take your com out ? '' 
 he asked through gritted teeth , gesturing to it , still clenched in my hand . 
 `` it screeched in my ear . 
 it 's malfunctioning . '' 
 i held it out to him . 
 he batted my hand away and the little plastic device skidded across the tile floor and came to a stop underneath his long glass desk . 
 `` and your camera ? '' 
 spit flew into my face as he talked and i resisted the urge to wipe my cheeks . 
 `` i do n't know ; is it not working ? '' 
 i asked innocently . 
 `` what happened in that house ? '' 
 `` the criminal started ranting about a reboot reservation . 
 spouting nonsense about wanting to rescue us all . 
 the officer came in since he 'd lost communication , and together we took the assignment to the shuttle . '' 
 he wrapped a hand around his fist . 
 i thought he might be preparing to punch me . 
 `` and ? '' 
 `` he kept talking in the shuttle . 
 he said one-fifty-seven did n't die ; he escaped . '' 
 `` and ? '' 
 he growled . 
 `` that 's all . 
 the officer told me not to speak . 
 the human continued yelling about a reboot reservation . '' 
 `` did he tell you where it was ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 not exactly , anyway . 
 northern texas was n't a thorough description . 
 everything north of us was a deserted wasteland , as far as i knew . 
 `` did he say they were going to help you escape ? '' 
 `` yes , he mentioned wanting to help me . 
 but i think he was just crazy , sir . '' 
 officer mayer squinted at me , his wheezing and gasping the only sound in the room for several seconds . 
 `` you think he was crazy , '' he said slowly . 
 `` reboots do n't escape . 
 i 've seen them try . 
 they 're killed . 
 even if they did , there 's nowhere to go . '' 
 `` what about this reboot reservation ? '' 
 `` i find that hard to believe , sir . '' 
 not a lie . 
 i could n't picture it . 
 how did they live ? 
 where did they get food ? 
 why would the humans just let them be ? 
 he stared at me , searching my face for a lie . 
 `` i did n't know it would get so hairy . 
 but i sent you because i trusted you . '' 
 he sucked in a ragged breath , taking a small step back . 
 `` these people ... i know you ca n't understand this , but we saved them . 
 we are the only state that survived , because we closed our borders early and stopped all civilian travel . 
 and these people think they can go wherever they want and do whatever they want to do . 
 we made these rules for a reason ! 
 we protected them and these rebels '' - he spat out the word - `` think they 're on some sort of mission to save everyone . 
 they 're killing us faster . 
 traveling between cities , breaking the laws ! 
 this place '' - he gestured wildly around the room - `` is meant to protect humans . 
 that 's what you do . 
 you know that , right ? '' 
 protect was not the word i would use to describe what i did , but i could almost see his point . 
 the humans chose to let the younger reboots live so they could help clean up the cities . 
 weed out the criminals and the sick without the risk of becoming infected themselves and spreading the virus further . 
 `` yes , '' i replied . 
 he stepped forward , so close to me that i wanted to slam my hands against his chest and launch him across the room . 
 `` i will be watching every move you make . 
 you breathe one word of this to anyone and you 're dead . 
 understand ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 that sounded nothing like trust to me . 
 eleven when i returned to my quarters that night , i crawled into bed and faced the wall . 
 i thought there was a good chance officer mayer was watching me at that very minute , and i was n't sure my face did n't betray the thoughts racing through my head . 
 escape ? 
 it was ridiculous . 
 harc had planned the facilities to make that impossible . 
 we were monitored constantly and surrounded by armed guards , our tracker locations were a secret , and every human in the cities was more than willing to turn us over to harc if they spotted us . 
 well , not every human , apparently . 
 i pulled my knees to my chest and frowned , trying to make sense of it . 
 my initial gut reaction was that the rebels were setting us up . 
 helping reboots escape with a story about a reservation , then killing them . 
 but i could n't see the point of that . 
 if they really wanted to get rid of reboots , would n't they just kill them while they were on assignments in the cities ? 
 putting together an elaborate ruse to break them out of harc first seemed dumb , even for a human . 
 but if they were n't setting us up , if they really were helping us with the hope that we 'd help them , then that was smart . 
 it was rather optimistic on the humans ' part , to expect cooperation from reboots , but it was a solid plan if they wanted to get rid of harc . 
 i squished up my face . 
 i did n't know how i felt about humans deciding to work with reboots . 
 it made it harder to hate them when they started introducing common sense into the equation . 
 i barely slept that night , and when i rolled over in the morning ever was curled up in a ball , her fingers shaking as she clenched the covers to her chin . 
 i sat up and swung my legs over the side of the bed , quickly averting my eyes when she noticed me staring . 
 i wanted to talk to her about what had happened the night before , but it seemed mean . 
 if anyone needed to get out of here it was her , and leb had made it clear he was n't interested in helping any of us . 
 what would i say , anyway ? 
 some reboots get to escape , but looks like it wo n't be you or me ? 
 i slid out of bed and pulled on my running clothes , taking another glance at her before i left the room and headed down the hall . 
 twenty-two was waiting on the track , his eyes big and round and full of regret . 
 `` wren , i 'm - '' `` let 's just run , '' i interrupted , avoiding those eyes . 
 they made me feel guilty again , and i did n't want to feel guilty when he was the one who thought i was a monster . 
 i took off running and he followed , both of us silent as we circled the track . 
 he stayed quiet through the whole run , and through the training that afternoon . 
 he continued to give me a look i took to mean he wanted to apologize , but i ignored it , speaking to him only about training . 
 `` i 'll meet you on the roof in an hour , '' i said when we 'd finished training for the day . 
 we had a sickie assignment that night , and i was grateful for the break . 
 extracting sick humans for delivery to the hospital was an easy assignment , one that was difficult to screw up . 
 and it rarely involved violence . 
 twenty-two nodded and i turned to leave , catching sight of leb leaning against the gym wall , his eyes on me . 
 i let twenty-two walk in front of me , and as i approached the door i slowed , pausing with half my body out . 
 `` thanks , '' leb whispered , his head lowered so he was speaking to the floor . 
 `` do you still have it ? '' 
 i asked , my face turned toward the door . 
 `` the tracker locator ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i returned it so they would n't suspect someone inside had helped him . '' 
 i gripped the edge of the door , ever 's shaking body flashing in front of my eyes . 
 `` and you really ca n't - '' `` no . '' 
 `` but - '' `` no . '' 
 his eyes slid to the camera on the wall . 
 `` go . 
 mayer 's going to notice you talking to me . '' 
 he was right , and i sighed as i pushed through the door into the hallway . 
 maybe it was n't even a good idea to try to help ever escape . 
 she was n't in the best shape , and they would certainly send harc officers out immediately to track down an escaped reboot . 
 it was hugely risky for any reboot , but a fifty-six who was n't in top shape ? 
 even if i found a way to go with her , the chances of her surviving were slim at best . 
 maybe she was better off here . 
 i stuck my helmet on top of my head and tightened the strap under my jaw , casting a nervous glance at ever . 
 she adjusted her com with trembling hands , much shakier than this morning . 
 `` you need help ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she shook her head , pushing the com into position in front of her mouth . 
 `` is callum doing better ? '' 
 `` fine , '' i muttered . 
 `` he feels really bad , you know . 
 maybe go a little easy on him ? 
 the first few weeks here are hard . '' 
 i shrugged , even though i thought she could be right . 
 twenty-two 's big , sad eyes floated through my head , and i let out a sigh . 
 ever stood and her legs promptly gave out . 
 she crumpled to the floor , gasping . 
 `` are you - '' i stopped as her head shot up and her glazed eyes fixed on me . 
 she rocketed to her feet and flew at me . 
 we hit the ground and she slammed my shoulders down , pinning me with her body . 
 i kicked my legs but she did n't budge , only bared her teeth and growled at me . 
 two humans appeared outside our room , one holding a clipboard . 
 ever 's head whirled around and she darted for them . 
 the doctor with the clipboard quickly pushed the lock button . 
 i slowly got to my feet , keeping my glare on the floor instead of directing it at the humans . 
 pound . 
 pound . 
 pound . 
 i closed my eyes , listening to ever 's rhythm . 
 i did n't want to do this tonight . 
 i wanted the real ever back , the one who made me feel better and wanted to walk to the cafeteria with me . 
 i missed her . 
 i opened my eyes and sighed . 
 ever slowly turned , scowling at me as if that had offended her . 
 `` watch yourself , one-seventy-eight , '' the doctor outside called . 
 oh , thank you , human . 
 that is just so helpful . 
 she bounded to me like an animal , grabbing my shirt as i tried to duck away . 
 i heard the tear as she ripped a chunk off the back . 
 she seized what was left and tugged me to her , wrapping an arm around my stomach . 
 i felt her teeth scratch my neck and i elbowed her in the side , wriggling out of her grasp . 
 i jumped onto my bed , but she was too fast . 
 her fingers circled around my wrist , jerking my arm from its socket as she pulled me to the floor . 
 she leaped on top of me and clamped her fingers around my neck . 
 a tiny whimper escaped my mouth . 
 i pressed my lips together , ashamed , and hoped the humans had n't heard it . 
 but ever had . 
 her eyes cleared and she snatched her hands off my neck , horror settling onto her pretty face . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she said , scrambling away from me . 
 she looked from me to the humans outside , her eyes filling with tears . 
 `` it 's fine , '' i rasped , sitting up and leaning against my bed . 
 my arm sagged strangely . 
 `` will you put that back in ? '' 
 she grasped my arm and yanked it back into the socket , keeping her head down as tears began spilling over her cheeks . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she whispered again as the humans walked in . 
 `` it 's fine , ever . 
 really . '' 
 i smiled at her but she was n't looking at me . 
 `` feeling a little weak ? '' 
 the doctor asked in a kind voice , like he was n't the one who had done it to her . 
 she nodded mutely and he held out a syringe , gesturing for her arm . 
 `` that 'll help . '' 
 he pushed the liquid in and patted her on the head . 
 she closed her eyes and took in a few breaths . 
 `` is that better ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` do you think you can go out on assignment tonight ? '' 
 she nodded , wiping at her cheeks with her fingers . 
 the human chewed on his lip , considering for a moment . 
 `` it 's just sick extraction tonight , is n't it ? '' 
 `` yes , '' ever said . 
 `` all right . '' 
 he pointed at me . 
 `` change your shirt . 
 it 's split down the back . '' 
 they left the room and i stood up , tugging off my black shirt and pulling out an identical one . 
 i put it on over my undershirt , adjusting my helmet and camera . 
 `` you ready ? '' 
 i asked , offering ever my hand . 
 she kept her head down as we walked to the roof , oblivious to the many glances i threw her way . 
 we could n't talk about it now , anyway , with our coms on and humans listening to every word . 
 twenty-two and the other reboots were already in the shuttle , strapped in . 
 hugo and his newbie were the only other training team going out tonight ; the rest were veteran reboots . 
 mostly under-sixties , except for marie one-thirty-five , who was on her second solo mission since our training . 
 sickie assignments did n't require much skill . 
 i eyed the under-sixties as i stepped inside the shuttle , looking for signs of the insanity i 'd just seen from ever . 
 but their eyes were downcast , their expressions blank . 
 two officers stood in the corner of the shuttle . 
 a young guy named paul , and one i did n't know . 
 the stranger sneered at us and pointed his gun straight at me , showing off yellow teeth . 
 `` sit , '' he ordered . 
 two officers was n't a good sign . 
 i slid into the seat next to twenty-two and ignored his efforts to catch my eye . 
 not in the mood . 
 we traveled to the heart of the slums in silence , filing out of the shuttle when yellow teeth barked the order . 
 the slums were warmer tonight , the chilly breeze from the last few nights gone . 
 `` do you have your map ? '' 
 i asked twenty-two , handing the assignment slip to him as the shuttle door slammed shut behind us . 
 he nodded , holding it up to me . 
 `` sickie assignments are easier , '' i said as he studied it . 
 `` we 're just extracting the sick who are contaminating the city . '' 
 `` why do they care ? '' 
 he asked , gesturing to the shuttle . 
 `` they 're trying to rid the human population of disease . 
 they ca n't if these humans walk around infecting everyone . 
 they 're preventing a second mass outbreak . '' 
 he frowned but said nothing . 
 `` that way ? '' 
 he pointed . 
 `` yes . '' 
 we headed down a dirt street populated by little homes and tents . 
 this area of town had n't been completely built up yet , with some humans still living in makeshift houses until they constructed something sturdier . 
 it was the worst of the slums , and the smell of death and sickness tickled my nose . 
 the warmer weather made the stench worse , although not nearly as bad as the summer , when it got so strong i had to hold my breath . 
 i stopped in front of a tent made from some sort of plastic material . 
 it was n't particularly sturdy ; in fact it was so full of holes i doubted it provided much shelter at all . 
 the thin tree branches holding it up looked shaky at best . 
 `` bell trevis , '' i called . 
 i heard a cough from inside ; then the tent flaps parted and a young woman scooted out . 
 her greasy dark hair was matted to her head , her eyes sunken and black . 
 red flecks spotted her chin . 
 probably from when she coughed up blood . 
 she lifted her arms toward us . 
 the sick rarely fought . 
 `` i got her , '' twenty-two said , scooping her up . 
 `` you need to cuff her , '' i said . 
 `` why ? 
 what 's she going to do ? 
 run ? '' 
 he looked down at the human . 
 `` kdh ? '' 
 she nodded , her head wobbling around like a newborn . 
 he carefully placed it on his chest . 
 `` do n't talk to her , twenty-two . '' 
 he only frowned in response and turned away as he headed for the shuttle . 
 `` twenty-two ! '' 
 i let out an exasperated sigh and spoke into my com . 
 `` wren one-seventy-eight with twenty-two . 
 we have the assignment . '' 
 `` proceed to shuttle . 
 control your newbie , one-seventy-eight . '' 
 i jogged to catch up with twenty-two , who had his head down , speaking to the human . 
 `` you eventually wo n't feel anything at all , '' he said . 
 `` twenty-two ! '' 
 `` everything goes numb . 
 you wo n't even realize it when you die-i promise . '' 
 `` you do n't speak to the humans , '' i said , grabbing his arm . 
 he stopped and glared at me . 
 he yanked his arm away but was silent as we continued . 
 he set the human down gently in the shuttle with the other sickies , pretending not to notice my annoyed expression as we trudged to our own shuttle . 
 the other reboots stood in line and we joined the end . 
 i felt my stomach clench as the officers frowned at us . 
 something was off . 
 i glanced at ever but she stared blankly at the ground . 
 `` we 've got reboots bringing in items from the field and threatening officers , '' paul said . 
 `` we got ta search before boarding now . '' 
 i took off my top shirt and spread my arms , like usual . 
 `` everything , '' paul said with a wave of his hand . 
 `` undershirts , too . 
 pull your pockets out and drop your pants . 
 leave the underwear . 
 we do n't need to be seeing that . '' 
 the other reboots followed the order immediately , shirts coming off and pants hitting the ground with a soft swish . 
 i fingered the button on my pants , my eyes flicking to the bare chests down the line . 
 none of them even seemed fazed by the order . 
 they 'd probably all seen one another in their underwear anyway . 
 out of the corner of my eye i could see that even twenty-two had followed the order . 
 no one had ever seen me without my clothes on . 
 `` hey . '' 
 i looked up to see yellow teeth lift his gun at me . 
 he jerked his head , indicating for me to follow the order . 
 my fingers trembled so badly i could n't undo the button on my pants . 
 it would n't go through the hole . 
 this was n't even the bad part . 
 the pants , fine . 
 but the shirt . 
 i could n't take off the shirt . 
 `` who is that ? '' 
 yellow teeth asked . 
 `` one-seventy-eight , '' paul said . 
 i should n't have to take them off anyway . 
 i saved leb . 
 it was n't me who pulled a knife on an officer . 
 `` what 's wrong with you ? '' 
 paul demanded , shoving his gun into my back . 
 every reboot head down the line turned to me . 
 marie one-thirty-five frowned deeply , almost concerned , as she nodded for me to follow their orders . 
 i saved him . 
 i wanted to scream it at them . 
 `` hey , '' twenty-two snapped , his hand shooting out and grabbing the barrel of the gun . 
 i gasped . 
 `` would you stop it ? 
 she should n't have to if she does n't want . '' 
 paul wrenched the gun back and slammed the barrel into twenty-two 's head . 
 i winced as he stumbled , and i tugged at the button on my pants again . 
 paul stepped away from me , gun trained on twenty-two instead . 
 yellow teeth let out an annoyed sigh and holstered his gun , striding over to me . 
 he yanked me to him by the waist of my pants , tugging the button through the hole and pushing them down . 
 `` anyone else would have gotten a bullet in the brain , '' he muttered , grabbing the bottom of my shirt and jerking it over my head . 
 i pressed my arms against my thin white bra and tried to breathe , but my lungs would n't cooperate . 
 my chest rose and fell too fast , my throat tightening up painfully . 
 `` for the love of texas , '' yellow teeth said in utter exasperation , pulling my arms out to the side . 
 `` you 'd think you were a newbie . '' 
 yellow teeth grimaced at the sight of the ugly scars stretched across my chest and quickly averted his eyes . 
 but the reboots did n't . 
 they all stared . 
 i turned my head away , trying not to let my arms shake . 
 i failed . 
 twenty-two did n't look at me . 
 his face was turned firmly to the side so i could n't see anything but the back of his head . 
 he had n't looked . 
 `` all right , put 'em back on . 
 get in your seats , '' paul ordered . 
 i grabbed both my shirts and pulled them over my head as fast as possible , my eyes on twenty-two-on callum-the whole time . 
 he still had n't looked at me . 
 i buttoned my pants and sat down in a chair next to him , quickly strapping myself in . 
 my hands shook as i folded them in my lap , and i glanced over to see callum staring at them . 
 i pressed them together tightly to make the shaking stop , but it did n't work . 
 ever caught my eye when i raised my head , and gave me a sympathetic look that made the pressure in my chest worse , not better . 
 i focused my gaze on my lap . 
 when the shuttle landed i trailed out last . 
 my trembling legs did n't work right anymore . 
 i fell behind as the other reboots marched across the roof and down the stairs . 
 callum stood at the top of the stairs and waited , holding the door open for me . 
 i gripped the rail as i wobbled down the stairs on my stupid little legs . 
 i felt something warm against my free hand and looked down to see callum intertwining his fingers with mine . 
 his skin felt pleasantly hot against my cold , dead flesh and i gripped the hand appreciatively and tried to smile at him . 
 his big eyes flashed with worry and sympathy but he smiled back . 
 we slowly made our way down the stairs and through the eighth-floor door . 
 i did n't want to let go of him but the boys ' quarters were to the left , the girls ' to the right . 
 he squeezed my hand and i slipped it out of his , shoving it in my pocket to try and keep the warmth . 
 when i got to my quarters , i avoided ever 's eyes as i stripped off my field clothes and changed into sweats . 
 `` wren , it 's really not - '' she began . 
 i frowned at her as i climbed into bed , and she stopped talking . 
 i pulled the covers all the way over my head and curled myself into a tight ball until the darkness engulfed me . 
 twelve `` you missed our run this morning . 
 it 's too bad , because i was pretty awesome . '' 
 callum grinned at me as i walked across the gym and stopped in front of him . 
 that big , sparkling smile had returned . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said , my eyes darting around the gym . 
 a couple reboots stared at me . 
 `` i overslept . '' 
 i focused on callum again , my cheeks warming at the sight of that smile . 
 `` thank you for going anyway . 
 that 's really good . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` yeah , sure . '' 
 i caught hugo staring at me from across the gym and i crossed my arms over my chest and glared at the shiny wooden floor . 
 i wanted to crawl into the corner and hide my face and never look at any of these people again . 
 `` you gon na hit me , or what ? '' 
 callum asked . 
 a surprised laugh escaped my mouth and i quickly cleared my throat to hide it . 
 but it was too late ; he 'd heard it , and utter delight danced across his face . 
 `` um , yes , '' i said , blushing when i looked into his eyes again . 
 callum put his fists up in front of his face and i threw a light punch that he easily blocked . 
 i threw a harder one , pulling back just before i made contact with his jaw . 
 `` faster , '' i said . 
 `` i almost hit you . '' 
 `` you may have to accept that i 'll never be good at this , '' he said , ducking as my fist flew toward him . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` no ? '' 
 he jumped as i tried to kick his legs out from under him . 
 `` good . '' 
 `` thank you . 
 no ? 
 you do n't accept it ? '' 
 `` no . 
 all my newbies are good . 
 i 've never lost one during training . 
 only two after . '' 
 `` out of how many ? '' 
 he asked , throwing a weak punch i easily dodged . 
 `` were you even trying there ? '' 
 i asked , unable to keep a corner of my mouth from turning up . 
 `` a little . '' 
 he bounced on his feet . 
 `` try a lot . '' 
 he threw a harder punch but i still easily sidestepped it . 
 at least it was better . 
 `` how many ? '' 
 he asked again . 
 `` twenty ? 
 twenty-five ? 
 something like that . '' 
 we swung at each other harder now , my fist clipping his chin . 
 i caught his arm as it came for me , yanking it so hard he fell on his butt . 
 he immediately tried to take my legs out from under me , like i had taught him , and a smile spread across my face . 
 `` is this funny ? '' 
 callum asked , giving up after i jumped out of the way . 
 `` no , it was good , '' i said , dipping my head so he could n't see the bigger grin spreading across my face . 
 his fingers grasped my wrist suddenly and i stumbled , my knees smashing into his stomach as i landed on top of him . 
 he let out a moan mixed with laughter . 
 `` i win , '' he wheezed . 
 `` you call that winning ? '' 
 he grabbed my hand as i started to climb off him , rising up on his elbows so his face was closer to mine . 
 `` yes . '' 
 i looked at our intertwined hands instead of his dark , happy eyes , trying to fight the warmth spreading across my body . 
 a full-body blush . 
 wonderful . 
 `` i 'm sorry about what i said , '' he said quietly , and i looked up at him . 
 `` i did n't mean it . '' 
 i slipped my hand out of his and slid off him onto the cold floor . 
 he might be sorry , but he 'd certainly meant it . 
 `` it 's fine . '' 
 `` it 's not , '' he said , sitting up and leaning in close to me to talk privately . 
 `` i should n't have said you enjoy hunting people just because you 're good at it - '' `` i do enjoy it , '' i interrupted . 
 `` in a way . 
 the chase , especially . 
 but ... '' i did n't see how he could possibly understand-not at this point . 
 `` but what ? '' 
 `` but it 's not like i have a choice , '' i said softly . 
 `` i barely remember my human life , and what i do remember is really bad . 
 this is all i know . 
 this is all i 'm good at . 
 so , yes , sometimes i enjoy it . '' 
 `` that makes sense . '' 
 he even sounded like he meant it . 
 `` and i do n't feel things . 
 not the same way . 
 i 'm a one-seventy-eight . 
 it 's true i do n't really have any emotions . '' 
 `` that 's a lie , '' he said , amusement in his voice . 
 `` no , it 's not . '' 
 callum leaned in closer , until i could smell the fresh scent of his skin . 
 he smelled clean and alive and like a twenty-two , and i wanted to wrap myself in something to hide my death stench . 
 `` yes , it is . 
 you beat the guts out of me the other day . 
 that was anger . 
 and that look in your eyes , when you talked about your human life , that 's sadness . '' 
 i could sense the heat of his breath against my face as he tilted his head closer to mine . 
 a smile crossed his lips as i sucked in a tiny gasp of air in surprise . 
 `` you feel plenty . '' 
 `` one-seventy-eight ! 
 twenty-two ! 
 back to work ! '' 
 i snapped my head up to see a guard glaring at us . 
 i quickly stood , holding my hand out to callum . 
 he took it and hopped to his feet . 
 `` forgive me ? '' 
 he asked as he put his fists in position . 
 his eyes were big and round , like a puppy begging for a treat . 
 `` yes , '' i said with a laugh . 
 `` do it again , '' he said , bouncing up and down in happiness . 
 `` do what ? '' 
 `` laugh . '' 
 `` make you a deal . 
 if you 're able to punch me , i 'll laugh . '' 
 `` you 're so weird . '' 
 i released callum for dinner after the gym started to empty that evening . 
 i was just starting to follow him to the gym doors when i saw ever walk in and march across to the knife-practice area . 
 she picked up one of the dull blades and took several steps back , her body stilling as she prepared to throw . 
 she tossed the knife . 
 it bounced off the wall and hit the floor . 
 callum looked at me expectantly as he held the gym door open , and i waved him away . 
 `` go ahead . 
 i 'll be there in a minute . '' 
 i strode over and stopped next to ever . 
 she glanced up at me as she reached for the knife with shaky fingers . 
 `` hey . 
 you doing all right ? '' 
 `` i came to ask you the same thing . '' 
 she stepped back and threw the knife . 
 it hit the wall a good six inches from the target . 
 `` just fabulous . '' 
 i watched as she took several more tries , missing every shot . 
 most of them did n't even stick . 
 she was pale and unsteady and whatever they had given her last night did n't seem like it had lasted long . 
 `` gee , i wonder why i 'm no good today . '' 
 ever 's voice dripped with sarcasm as she bent down to pick up the knife after another unsuccessful throw . 
 `` is n't that strange ? '' 
 i crossed my arms over my chest as i tried my best to give her a sympathetic look . 
 i was n't sure how it came out . 
 i wanted to say something , anything , but i could n't think of words that would n't sound suspicious to a harc officer listening in . 
 `` i would think '' - she grunted as she threw the knife again - `` that this is the exact opposite of what they want . '' 
 the knife lodged in the paper man 's belly . 
 she cocked her head . 
 `` huh . 
 well i guess that 'll slow him down . '' 
 `` ever - '' `` one-seventy-eight ! '' 
 i turned at the sound of the officer 's voice . 
 `` officer mayer would like to see you in his office . '' 
 i nodded , keeping a straight face as my stomach twisted into knots . 
 that did n't sound good . 
 i shot an apologetic look at ever before walking out of the gym and up the stairwell . 
 the cold , white hallway on the ninth floor was freezing , and i pulled my sleeves down my arm as i stopped in front of officer mayer 's door . 
 the door slid open and the commanding officer peered up at me from his massive glass desk . 
 his fat fingers flicked across the screen , and he jerked his head toward a chair . 
 `` sit . '' 
 i did , my back rigid . 
 did he know about my conversation with ever ? 
 or worse , did he know i 'd lied about leb and milo ? 
 `` interesting choice of newbie , '' he said , leaning back in his chair and folding his hands over his thighs . 
 i tried not to visibly sigh with relief . 
 `` care to explain ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i wanted to see if i could make a lower number better . '' 
 he nodded , swinging back and forth in his chair . 
 `` not going well ? '' 
 `` we 've just started . '' 
 `` he does n't take orders well . 
 he talked back to the officers in the shuttle yesterday . '' 
 `` he 's new . '' 
 `` he ignores you . '' 
 officer mayer squished up his red face . 
 `` or jokes around like you 're entertainment . 
 i 've seen you two in the gym . '' 
 i focused my eyes on his desk , nervously rubbing my palms together . 
 i 'd never been chastised for my newbie training . 
 `` the lower numbers are often ... difficult , but he 's a whopper . 
 i 'm surprised you only pummeled him the once . '' 
 he leaned forward , banging the chair on the floor . 
 `` and i hear you were trouble in the shuttle yesterday , too . '' 
 i cleared my throat . 
 `` i - '' `` it 's fine . '' 
 he waved his hand . 
 `` i do n't agree with you disobeying orders , but i have told the officers not to make the girls remove their undershirts . 
 we 're not animals , for tex 's sake . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` thank you , '' i said softly . 
 i even meant it , a little . 
 `` i told them you were probably just frustrated with your newbie , which i understand . 
 you should be frustrated . 
 i 'm frustrated . '' 
 i swallowed the lump in my throat and met his eyes . 
 frustrated was not a good word in mayer language . 
 `` we 're not eliminating him yet . 
 i already had to eliminate forty-three for trying to kill an officer . 
 thank you for that , by the way . 
 leb was very complimentary . '' 
 i nodded again , twisting my fingers together . 
 not eliminating him yet . 
 `` but he needs to shape up . 
 you get him following orders or i 'll have no choice . 
 you feel free to tell him i said so . '' 
 my chest had tightened to the point where the edges of my vision were beginning to darken from lack of oxygen . 
 they could n't eliminate him . 
 i could n't let that happen . 
 i had to make him better . 
 officer mayer focused his attention on his desk again , pressing his fingers to the glass . 
 `` that 's all . 
 you can go . '' 
 i stood up , ready to escape , but i paused when he said my number . 
 `` i 'm serious about the elimination . 
 i do n't like to see you wasting your time . 
 immediate improvement or he 's out . '' 
 thirteen i need you to be better . 
 i need you to be good . 
 the words ran through my head as i approached the red cafeteria doors . 
 my newbies had never been threatened with elimination before . 
 i did n't know how to have that conversation . 
 i need you not to die . 
 i pushed open the door and was met by a wall of noise . 
 the guards rarely let us get rowdy , but it seemed they 'd made an exception today . 
 a few uninterested reboots remained at their tables-all of the one-twenties , and a few of the under-sixties-but everyone else was in the corner of the cafeteria in a giant clump . 
 some cheered , some punched one another , but everyone tried to push their way to the middle to see what was going on . 
 callum . 
 my eyes darted around the room , but i could n't find him . 
 i found ever , pale and shaking at a table by herself , and she pointed a finger at the crowd . 
 i strode across the cafeteria , anger burning in my chest . 
 i did n't have time for the nineties ' nonsense . 
 i could n't afford for officer mayer to see callum getting his ass kicked by other reboots . 
 `` move , '' i said , shoving aside a few reboots to get to the center of the crowd . 
 i heard them start to quiet as they noticed my presence , many of them running to their tables as they caught sight of me . 
 i pushed a ninety out of the way and looked down at what they were all hollering about . 
 it was callum , with a little reboot . 
 thirteen years old or so . 
 the boy was crazed , thrashing about and trying desperately to bite callum . 
 he 'd already succeeded several times , from the looks of twenty-two 's bloodied arms . 
 i did n't know the kid 's number , but i could guess . 
 under sixty . 
 and recently given shots . 
 callum desperately tried to run but the crowd had penned him in . 
 the kid lunged and sunk his teeth into callum 's arm , tearing off a piece of flesh . 
 callum snatched it away with a look of utter horror and confusion . 
 his eyes darted around the circle and rested on me , his relief obvious . 
 i was n't sure anyone had ever been happy to see me . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 the reboots started scattering right away and i grasped the kid 's shirt as he went for callum again . 
 i punched him across the face , hard , and tossed him along the floor , in the direction of the door . 
 were n't the guards going to come get him ? 
 they were just going to leave him in here like this ? 
 a few of the under-sixties headed for the kid so i turned back to callum , kneeling down next to him . 
 i opened my mouth to yell , to demand why he had n't punched the smaller , weaker kid trying to devour him , when he wrapped his arms around my waist and hugged me . 
 `` thank you , '' he said , his breathing still heavy and panicked . 
 i stiffened at the warmth of the hug . 
 it was too comfortable . 
 and i could n't remember why i wanted to yell at him . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said , pulling away and bringing his arms in to his chest . 
 `` i 'm getting blood on you . '' 
 the cafeteria was much too quiet . 
 all eyes were on us so i lowered my voice . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 wait . 
 that was n't what i meant to say . 
 i was going to yell . 
 `` that kid tried to eat me . '' 
 he looked down at his arms . 
 `` look at this ! 
 he did eat me ! '' 
 there were large chunks bitten out of his arms . 
 i swallowed , trying to keep the disgust off my face . 
 that kid actually bit into his flesh like some kind of animal . 
 what were they doing to them ? 
 `` why did n't you fight back ? '' 
 i asked . 
 my voice came out steadier than i felt . 
 i needed him to be calm , and better , not freaking out about harc 's current experiment . 
 `` i ... i do n't know . 
 he 's just a kid . 
 and i was sort of thrown off by the whole him-eating-me thing . '' 
 `` you should have fought back . '' 
 `` they had me cornered ! '' 
 he glanced behind me before his voice dropped to nearly a whisper . 
 `` besides , he 's the same age as my little brother . '' 
 `` he 's not your brother . '' 
 `` i know , but still - '' `` i need you to be better , '' i said . 
 `` you 're really not concerned about him eating me ? '' 
 he asked , holding his arm out again . 
 `` it 'll grow back in a minute . '' 
 `` that 's totally not the point . 
 i 'm traumatized . '' 
 `` i need you to be better , '' i repeated . 
 `` i - '' a scream echoed through the cafeteria and i spun my head around to see the crazed kid leaping through the air for a guard who had just come through the door . 
 it was n't natural , how high he could leap , even for a reboot . 
 his teeth were in the human 's neck before anyone could react , and i grabbed callum 's head and pushed it down . 
 i heard the other reboots hit the floor . 
 the guns were moving . 
 callum 's body jerked as several guns went off , firing ten or fifteen bullets before quieting . 
 i stayed down a moment longer , until i was sure it was over , then slowly raised my head . 
 the kid and the guard were both dead , although the guard had probably been gone the minute his throat was ripped out . 
 `` what ... '' callum 's eyes were big and scared . 
 `` what was wrong with him ? '' 
 `` he went crazy , '' i said . 
 i did n't know how else to explain it . 
 i certainly could n't tell him the truth in the middle of the cafeteria , where harc could hear every word . 
 he did n't say anything , but his eyes darted to the under-sixties table . 
 clearly he had already heard something about that . 
 `` callum . '' 
 he turned to me . 
 his expression was serious , but i liked how it softened slightly when he looked at me . 
 like the way he looked at me was different from how he looked at everyone else . 
 `` i need you to be better . 
 really . 
 i need you to follow orders and work harder . 
 they do n't tolerate stepping out of line here . '' 
 i jerked my head toward the dead reboot , and he swallowed . 
 he understood . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 ever was perched on her bed when i returned to the room before lights-out , her whole body shaking . 
 her eyes were dead , hopeless , but she was herself . 
 a shivering , sad version of herself . 
 i sat down on my own bed and she raised her head , her gaze sharp and angry . 
 `` i 'm dead . '' 
 `` we all are , '' i said , attempting a smile . 
 a dry laugh escaped her throat , surprise crossing her face . 
 `` did you just make a joke ? '' 
 `` a little one . 
 not a very good one . '' 
 `` i liked it . '' 
 she pressed her lips together , bouncing her legs up and down , and i got the impression she was trying not to cry . 
 `` but i 'm dead for real this time . 
 they have n't killed me yet , but i 'm already gone . '' 
 i opened my mouth and closed it again , glancing around . 
 the humans probably recorded every word we said . 
 they might be listening now . 
 `` you 're not gone , '' i said very softly . 
 `` levi was dead , '' she continued . 
 `` before he tried to eat callum . 
 he 'd been dead for days . 
 he was still walking around but there was nothing there anymore . 
 it was just a crazy-ass shell . '' 
 she grabbed the sleeves of her shirt , pulling on them so hard i thought they might rip . 
 `` and when he went for callum , i understood . 
 he smells so good . 
 like ... '' her face twisted , and she whispered the next words . 
 `` like meat . '' 
 my stomach turned and i focused on my feet , hoping she would n't see my discomfort . 
 `` it 'll pass . 
 it 's probably just - '' `` i 'm sorry if i attack you tonight , '' she said . 
 she shot to her feet , her fists balled at her sides , and screamed the next words to our glass wall . 
 `` but it 's not my fault ! '' 
 `` ever ! '' 
 i looked out the glass nervously . 
 `` what do they care ? '' 
 she spat , throwing the comforter down the bed as she crawled in . 
 `` they 've killed me . '' 
 `` you 're still here , '' i whispered . 
 `` barely . '' 
 fourteen ever poked a finger into her mouth , shoving the dangling beef in . 
 her cheeks bulged with food , her eyes drooping even though she had slept the whole night . 
 i 'd ignored the one-twenties table and sat next to her as soon as i 'd walked into the cafeteria at lunch and seen how high she 'd piled her tray with meat . 
 `` you all right ? '' 
 callum asked as he took a bite of his peanut-butter sandwich . 
 she swallowed some of her food . 
 `` i 'm a crazy-ass shell . '' 
 callum looked at me in confusion , but i avoided his eyes and stabbed at my own lunch with my fork . 
 i could n't explain anything . 
 not with officer mayer watching my every move . 
 ever gripped the table as she swallowed her last mouthful of meat . 
 she looked up from her empty tray with wild , unseeing eyes . 
 her nostrils flared as she turned to callum , baring her teeth as she let out a low growl . 
 she grabbed his wrist and he dropped his sandwich , his eyes wide as he looked from me to her . 
 `` ever , '' i said , yanking her hand off his arm as she leaned down to take a bite . 
 `` stop . '' 
 callum jumped back as she lunged for him again , clutching his arms to his chest protectively . 
 i got her by the waist as she tried to launch herself across the table . 
 she thrashed against me and i held her tight with one arm , using the other to grab my beef and shove it in her mouth . 
 she snapped at my fingers but inhaled it with a little sigh of relief . 
 `` here , '' callum said , sliding his meat across the table as well . 
 i shoved it past ever 's teeth and she chewed frantically , bits falling out of her open mouth . 
 she began snapping at callum again when she finished . 
 `` ever , '' i said , tightening my arm around her waist . 
 `` please stop . '' 
 she stilled at the sound of my quiet words in her ear . 
 i cautiously loosened my arm and she turned , her eyes shiny with tears and worry . 
 `` sorry , '' she whispered , scanning the mess of empty trays and bits of food on the table . 
 she staggered to her feet and rushed out of the cafeteria , her walk wobbly and unbalanced . 
 callum watched her go , and when he turned to me his eyes were big and questioning . 
 i gave him the tiniest of shrugs , my eyes darting to the camera on the wall . 
 he took the hint and returned his attention to his sandwich . 
 we headed to the gym after lunch and took our usual spot on the mat . 
 i put my hands on my hips as i looked at him . 
 it was time for him to be better . 
 `` we 're staying here today until you hit me , '' i announced . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you 've never managed to make contact . 
 you should be able to hit me by now . 
 we 'll stay here until you do . '' 
 `` but i ... '' a sheepish smile spread across his face and he shrugged his shoulders . 
 `` i do n't want to hit you . '' 
 `` it 's not a choice . 
 i 'm your trainer . '' 
 i frowned up at him . 
 `` have you not been giving it your all ? '' 
 `` no , i have . 
 mostly , anyway . '' 
 `` there 's no more mostly . 
 we will both stand here until you 're able to hit me . 
 and i 'm not letting down my defenses . '' 
 he looked at me warily . 
 he did n't believe it . 
 `` come on , '' i said , beckoning him over . 
 he took a cautious step forward , his smile slipping as he raised his hands in front of his face . 
 but he made no move toward me . 
 `` go ahead , '' i said . 
 his fist swung at me , but i easily ducked it . 
 `` what have i told you ? 
 fast . 
 do n't stop with one punch . 
 i did n't try and hit you . 
 what should you have done ? '' 
 `` tried to hit you again . '' 
 `` yes . 
 confuse me . 
 surprise me . 
 again . '' 
 he tossed punch after punch at me , none of them coming close to connecting . 
 he was slow and clumsy , his feet moving one way as his arms went another . 
 i could practically see his brain working , and i found myself avoiding punches almost as soon as he decided to throw them . 
 `` stop , '' i said with a sigh . 
 he dropped his arms and gave me an apologetic look . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i 'm trying - '' `` i know you are . '' 
 i pushed a piece of hair behind my ear and frowned at the floor as a thought occurred to me . 
 `` what ? '' 
 callum asked . 
 `` am i doing something wrong ? '' 
 i asked it quietly , ashamed to let the other trainers hear . 
 i was the best . 
 i should n't be doing anything wrong . 
 `` you 're the only one doing it right . 
 i 'm the one who sucks . '' 
 `` i must be explaining it wrong . 
 or not training you right . 
 do you want another trainer ? '' 
 `` no , '' he said immediately . 
 `` are you sure ? 
 i do n't want you to fail because of me . '' 
 `` you know it 's not because of you , '' callum said , bringing out his big eyes again . 
 `` please do n't give me to someone else . '' 
 `` then tell me what i 'm doing wrong . '' 
 he hesitated . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 there 's not something wrong , exactly ... . 
 it 's more like i do n't understand how i 'm supposed to move so quickly . 
 it 's like i 'm trying to remember all this stuff i 'm supposed to be doing and i ca n't keep it all straight and my body wo n't keep up with my brain . 
 it 's sort of like when you first learn to dance and your feet are all over the place and nothing makes sense . '' 
 my eyebrows shot up . 
 `` you know how to dance ? '' 
 `` of course , '' he said , looking at me strangely . 
 `` it was required . '' 
 `` required by who ? '' 
 `` the schools . 
 it 's a basic skill . 
 do they not do that in the slums ? '' 
 `` no . 
 definitely not . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 ricos . 
 `` they were lucky if they were able to keep a history teacher for a few months . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 i held out my arms , an idea occurring to me . 
 `` teach me to dance . '' 
 his eyebrows lifted . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` teach me to dance . '' 
 `` we do n't have any music . '' 
 `` so ? 
 pretend . '' 
 i bounced my arms up and down impatiently . 
 `` come on . '' 
 he stepped forward and wrapped an arm around my waist . 
 i felt the blush on my cheeks right away , but the tingling his touch created on my back was unexpected . 
 his hand was warm against my shirt and produced little flurries of excitement up and down my body . 
 `` your hand goes here , '' he said , putting it on his shoulder . 
 his big hand covered mine completely as he took the other one , and i wanted to lace my fingers through his and pull him closer to me . 
 i blinked at that thought , lowering my gaze so it was even with his chest . 
 i wanted to press my cheek there . 
 feel the warmth on my face and breathe in his fresh , alive smell . 
 `` you 're so short , '' he said . 
 i looked up to see a smile twitching at his lips . 
 it was an obvious statement , but i smiled anyway . 
 `` i 've noticed . '' 
 `` sorry . 
 it 's adorable . '' 
 adorable seemed the wrong word to describe me . 
 it suited him better . 
 `` we 're not dancing , '' i pointed out . 
 `` all right . 
 i 'm going to take a step back . 
 you take one with me . '' 
 he looked down as i stepped on his foot . 
 `` you have to wait for me . 
 i 'm leading . '' 
 `` why are you leading ? '' 
 `` because you have no idea what you 're doing . '' 
 `` fair enough . '' 
 he took a step back . 
 `` you 're going to have to be faster than that , '' he said as i just stood there . 
 i laughed and his eyes fell to my lips as a huge grin spread across his face . 
 `` we would have danced earlier if i knew i would get a laugh out of you . '' 
 i stepped to him , matching his smile with one of my own . 
 `` now step back , '' he said quietly , his eyes burning into mine . 
 i did as he said , almost tripping over my own feet when he tightened his arm around my waist . 
 it would have been so easy to loop both my arms around his neck and press my whole body against his , to be lost inside those arms . 
 i glanced up at him and saw the amusement sparkling in his eyes . 
 maybe he knew exactly what i was thinking . 
 i accidentally stepped on his foot again and he chuckled . 
 `` at least you 're not good at everything . '' 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 the gruff voice of a guard burst the spell and i jumped away from callum . 
 `` training , '' i said , hoping my cheeks were n't too red . 
 the guard frowned . 
 his mustache was so thick it covered his whole mouth , and i tried my best not to wrinkle my nose in distaste . 
 `` it does n't look like it . '' 
 `` we 're trying something new . 
 he needs different methods . '' 
 `` i guess , '' the guard muttered . 
 `` fine . 
 but i do n't want to see this going on for too long . '' 
 i nodded and he stomped away , taking his spot by the door again . 
 i gestured for callum to come to me . 
 `` come on , let 's keep going . '' 
 he hopped over and pulled me into his arms so quickly i gasped . 
 `` where 's that speed when we 're fighting ? '' 
 i asked as we began moving again . 
 `` i like this better , '' he said softly . 
 i should have said it did n't matter what he liked . 
 but i just shook my head . 
 `` i 'm going to spin you , '' he said , stepping back and lifting his arm up . 
 i gave up trying not to smile as we danced . 
 it was too easy to lose myself in his eyes and arms . 
 i wanted to move like this with him forever , gliding across the gym floor to nonexistent music . 
 i let it go on longer than i had planned , let myself forget that i was finding a way to make him a better hunter , a better killer . 
 finally i took a step out of his arms and swung a fist in his direction , pulling up before i made contact with his face . 
 he stopped and i shook my head , pointing to his feet . 
 `` keep moving them . 
 and then swing . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` angry dancing . '' 
 i swung again and he blocked it , moving his feet like we were still dancing . 
 i could n't help beaming at him . 
 `` good , '' i said . 
 we continued our screwed-up dance for a long time , circling , swinging , moving in a way that made a funny little heat stir in my stomach . 
 my eyes kept flicking over his body , watching the way his muscles appeared in his arms when he made a fist . 
 the way i could see the outline of his thighs against his black pants . 
 the intense look he got when he blocked a punch . 
 he made no sign he saw the other reboots leave for dinner , no complaint that we had been at it for so many hours with few breaks . 
 his eyes were trained on me , intense , focused , and i loved it . 
 i felt like there was nothing else in the world , nothing but him , nothing other than his fists swinging at me . 
 i was overwhelmed by the urge to grab both fists , yank them behind his back , and kiss him . 
 i had never kissed anyone , but i swear i could feel his lips against mine every time i looked at them . 
 when he broke the spell by dropping his hands and taking a step back i had to blink several times to clear the fog . 
 it was all around him and for a brief moment i thought it might be real . 
 but i blinked again and it was gone , and there was nothing but him and a silent , empty gym . 
 my eyes found the clock . 
 11:16 p.m. . 
 he was breathing heavily and i stared at the way his chest rose and fell , pressing against his white t-shirt like it wanted to burst through it . 
 `` you have to keep going until you hit me , '' i said . 
 my words sounded firmer than i had thought they would . 
 i had expected my voice to waver and give away the fact that i did n't really care if he hit me anymore . 
 but i did . 
 if he did n't hit me , if he did n't improve , he would be eliminated . 
 the thought of him not breathing made my fists clench so tightly it hurt . 
 he said nothing . 
 he put his hands on his hips and frowned at the ground , stared until i was worried it was some sort of silent rebellion . 
 but eventually he lifted his arms and motioned for me to come to him . 
 his face was hard , determined , but i saw the twinge of defeat flicker across his eyes . 
 the difference was n't noticeable right away . 
 it took me a couple minutes to realize i was moving faster , ducking and blocking at the same time . 
 the spell from earlier was broken and i was fighting , defending , moving in a way i only did when in the field . 
 when i saw his left arm coming at me i had only half raised my hand to block it before he grabbed my wrist and i felt his right hook smash across my cheek . 
 the punch was harder than i had expected . 
 my knees hit the mat and i quickly wiped a hand across my nose , hoping he had n't noticed the blood . 
 he had his back to me , his hands laced behind his head , his elbows folded forward across his face . 
 `` callum , '' i said . 
 he did n't move . 
 `` that was really good . '' 
 he lowered his arms to cross them over his chest and turned to me . 
 i had thought maybe he was crying , but his eyes looked clear . 
 clear , sad , angry . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said quietly . 
 `` do n't apologize , '' i said as i stood up . 
 `` i made you do it . '' 
 `` still feels wrong not to apologize , '' he mumbled , staring at his feet . 
 `` come on . 
 i 'll escort you back to your quarters so they do n't give you any trouble . '' 
 he trudged behind me , ignoring every glance i shot back at him . 
 i had a sudden wild impulse to ask if he was mad at me . 
 the answer was yes , no matter what came out of his mouth . 
 i should n't care , anyway . 
 my newbies were often mad at me . 
 hard not to be mad at someone who spent most of her time pummeling you . 
 but it was strange to have one upset about hitting me . 
 `` training , '' i said as we passed the guard in front of the boys ' quarters . 
 he nodded slightly . 
 callum stopped in front of a room and i took a quick glance inside . 
 it looked exactly like mine , except for the boy sleeping in one of the beds . 
 `` good night , '' i said . 
 my voice shook a little . 
 why did it do that ? 
 my chest felt heavy , like i was ... sad . 
 i did n't know what to think of that . 
 anger , fear , nervousness i could deal with . 
 but sad ? 
 i did n't think much of sad . 
 callum 's eyes were finally on mine . 
 then his arms were around me as well , tugging me closer than i 'd ever been to him . 
 his fingers lightly brushed the skin he 'd just punched and the weight lifted from my chest . 
 he left a trail of fireworks down my cheek and neck and into my hair and my eyes closed before i could stop them . 
 `` do n't make me punch you anymore , okay ? '' 
 he whispered . 
 i nodded , opening my eyes . 
 `` you have to punch other people , though . '' 
 when he laughed his chest moved against mine and i wanted nothing more than to kiss him . 
 i could n't kiss him . 
 what would the guard do ? 
 what would callum do ? 
 maybe he did n't even want a one-seventy-eight pressing her cold , dead lips to his . 
 `` deal , '' he said , leaning his head down so our foreheads almost touched . 
 maybe he did . 
 but my toes would n't listen to me . 
 they had to be first , those ten traitor toes . 
 first to lift me from my sad little height to reach those lips . 
 they would n't move . 
 he released me and i tucked a piece of hair behind my ear , not sure what else to do . 
 `` see you in the morning , '' i mumbled , turning to go . 
 `` hey , i was better , right ? '' 
 he asked . 
 you 're fine the way you are . 
 i pushed the thought away , because he was n't . 
 he was dead if he was n't better . 
 `` yes . 
 you were better . '' 
 although i still was n't sure it was good enough . 
 fifteen i stole a glance at ever as i pulled a sweater over my undershirt . 
 she looked more normal today . 
 balanced , calm , as she tied her shoes . 
 too calm . 
 i did n't think she slept last night . 
 she was awake when i returned to the room and perched on the edge of her bed when i woke up . 
 she 'd been in the same position , staring at the wall , when i returned from my run with callum . 
 `` are you ready ? '' 
 i asked , edging toward the door . 
 she was scaring me . 
 her eyes were hard and icy and i half expected her to leap up and tear my throat out . 
 she stood slowly , letting out a little sigh as our eyes met . 
 then she stepped forward and hugged me . 
 i stiffened , waiting for the catch , the real reason for the hug , but she just clung tighter . 
 i slowly wrapped my arms around her back , gently pressing my hands against the soft cotton of her shirt . 
 she was warm-not callum-warm , but certainly warmer than me , although her body shook with the intensity of someone who was freezing . 
 she pulled away and took a deep breath , attempting a smile through the tears that had formed in her eyes . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she whispered . 
 i heard the crack first . 
 i hit the ground before i realized she 'd slammed her foot into my knee , breaking the kneecap . 
 `` ever , wh - '' i pressed my lips together to stop a scream as she grabbed my ankle and broke the other leg with one horrific twist . 
 i shoved the pain away , relegated it to a part of my brain i did n't acknowledge . 
 it tickled at me , refusing to be completely ignored , but i was a master at numbing my body . 
 ever sent an apologetic look my way as she ran out the door . 
 she was herself . 
 why would she do that if she were herself ? 
 i gripped the edge of the mattress and struggled to my feet . 
 a grunt escaped my mouth as fresh agony ripped through my legs and i had to cling to the edge of the bed to stay upright . 
 gunshot . 
 my head spun to the door to see the reboots who 'd been walking past freeze in mid-step at the sound . 
 silence . 
 silence was never good here . 
 i let go of the bed and promptly crashed to the floor , my broken legs not able to support my weight . 
 i dug my fingers against the cold tile and crawled into the hallway , whipping my head one way and then the other . 
 the guard at the end of the hall was dead-sprawled out on the floor , a bullet through his head . 
 his gun holster was empty . 
 `` who did that ? '' 
 i gasped , even though i knew the answer . 
 the young reboot standing a few feet away looked down at me sadly . 
 `` ever . '' 
 i grasped her hand and she jumped , eyes wide with fear , as i used her as support to heave myself to my feet . 
 my bones were beginning to heal , but i still wobbled . 
 i opened my mouth to ask if she would help me walk when another gunshot sounded . 
 she jerked her hand from mine and sprinted in the opposite direction . 
 the wall did n't have much to hold on to so i leaned against it , dragging myself down the hallway . 
 reboots flew past me , everyone else headed away from the shots . 
 more rang out as i threw open the door to the stairwell . 
 i could walk faster with a solid grip on the railing , and i hobbled down the stairs as quickly as i could . 
 `` hey , '' i said , grabbing hugo 's arm as he ran up the stairs . 
 `` where is she ? '' 
 `` she was headed for the cafeteria , '' he said , eyebrows lowered as he surveyed me . 
 `` what 's wrong with you ? '' 
 i felt one of my kneecaps snap into place as it fully healed and i darted down the stairs , dragging the other leg . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 hugo yelled after me . 
 `` she 's killing guards ; you 're gon na get shot ! '' 
 his warning faded as i raced through the seventh-floor door . 
 gunfire exploded in my ears and i looked from left to right frantically . 
 two guards lay dead on the floor . 
 ever stood at the doorway of the cafeteria , a guard 's helmet on her head . 
 several bullets had dinged it and her white shirt was covered in blood . 
 a guard flew around the corner and ever whirled to face him , gun aimed . 
 she fired off a round straight into his chest before he could react . 
 her face was hard , her lips pursed , her eyes scanning the area for another threat . 
 but she was still herself . 
 she reached up and unhooked the helmet , letting it fall to the ground as she pressed her hand to the cafeteria door . 
 what was she doing ? 
 they 'd kill her the minute she walked in . 
 both my legs had healed and i took off running as she opened the door , trying to yell her name . 
 my voice did n't work . 
 `` wren ! '' 
 i felt a tug on my arm and turned to see callum 's worried face . 
 i yanked my arm away and bolted after ever as she stepped into the cafeteria . 
 `` wren , stop ! '' 
 callum 's footsteps followed me . 
 i burst through the door to see ever climbing up on a table . 
 she tossed aside the gun and made a gesture at the officers in the little room above the cafeteria like , what are you waiting for ? 
 i ran for her , reaching out for her hand . 
 `` ever , st - '' my voice was lost in a barrage of gunshots . 
 i felt her blood splatter across my face . 
 her head flew back . 
 and then i was on the ground , someone 's arms tight around me , his body shielding mine . 
 i think he was talking , but his words sounded garbled in my ear . 
 his scent was familiar . 
 callum . 
 `` clear the cafeteria . '' 
 the sound over the intercom made me jump , the dull human voice piercing the fog . 
 his arms left , but i could n't move . 
 clear the cafeteria . 
 i had to walk . 
 i could n't walk . 
 i could n't move . 
 callum grabbed me by the arms and pulled me to my feet . 
 cloth against my face , and i opened my eyes to see him using his shirt to wipe away ever 's blood . 
 `` walk , '' he said . 
 i blinked and attempted to put one foot in front of the other . 
 i stumbled . 
 callum wrapped an arm around my waist and held me against him , dragging me through the doors and out into the hallway . 
 he pulled me into the boys ' restroom and propped me up next to a sink , slowly slipping his arm from my waist . 
 i leaned against the cool tile wall and closed my eyes , gripping the edge of the sink for support . 
 i felt something warm and wet on my face and neck and opened my eyes to see him cleaning me with a cloth . 
 `` are you wearing an undershirt ? '' 
 i could n't comprehend the strange question . 
 i touched my shirt and my hand came away wet , red . 
 i took in a sharp breath . 
 he lifted up my shirt in back to check when i did n't respond . 
 i was . 
 always . 
 he pulled off the black top shirt and threw it away , wiping my bloody fingers until they were clean . 
 he tossed the cloth in the trash . 
 he reached for me and i pushed him away . 
 i thought i might scream if he hugged me , held me close like ever had a few minutes ago . 
 no screaming . 
 that was my own rule . 
 he put his hands on my cheeks instead , making me look into his black eyes . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he whispered , close to tears . 
 i should have been close to tears . 
 ever would have been . 
 a human would have been bawling . 
 crying was the normal thing to do . 
 she deserved tears . 
 i shook his hands off , pressing my palm to my mouth to stop the scream building in my chest . 
 i could n't break down in front of him . 
 i ran out of the bathroom , keeping my hand against my lips as i leaped up the stairs and headed for my quarters . 
 i curled up on my mattress , pulling the covers over my face so i could n't see her empty bed . 
 but still , no tears came . 
 sixteen callum and i were given an assignment that night . 
 i almost did n't go . 
 i wanted to crawl back into bed and wait to see if they 'd take pity on me and assign a different reboot to their stupid mission . 
 but i 'd never seen any pity from harc , and it did n't seem right to desert callum . 
 so i pulled on my clothes , plunked my helmet on my head , and trudged across the facility . 
 harc had found an adult reboot living in rosa and needed him brought in immediately . 
 they did n't give us specifics , but i suspected they 'd use him for testing and then kill him . 
 the hospitals made sure adults did n't reboot , but if one died in the city and rebooted we had to go get him before he started killing people . 
 lissy and ninety-three met us on the roof . 
 four teenage reboots for one adult . 
 it was necessary . 
 `` how 's he doing ? '' 
 lissy asked me , gesturing at callum . 
 i blinked at her . 
 i could n't speak . 
 everything around me felt fake , far away , like if i reached out to touch it my hand would fall straight through . 
 lissy peered at me like i was a moron as the shuttle approached . 
 i felt callum 's hand on my arm and i turned to see a worried look on his face . 
 he 'd given me that look all day through training as i halfheartedly threw and dodged punches . 
 he could have hit me multiple times , if he 'd wanted to . 
 i could n't focus , could n't stay in the moment . 
 the shuttle door slid open and we filed in , sitting when leb gestured for us to do so . 
 i buckled my strap and leaned back , letting my eyes close . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i took in a sharp breath and my eyes flew open at the sound of ever 's voice . 
 i almost expected her to be in the shuttle with me , her voice was so clear , but only leb stared back at me . 
 he was standing right in front of me and i frowned at his closeness . 
 why was n't he in his seat ? 
 `` you all right there , one-seventy-eight ? '' 
 he asked quietly . 
 callum hovered next to me . 
 the seats where lissy and ninety-three had been sitting were empty . 
 we had landed . 
 leb knelt down and unbuckled my strap for me . 
 i slowly got to my feet , confused where the minutes had gone . 
 nothing made sense . 
 i staggered out of the shuttle , turning my gaze to the ground when i saw the annoyance on lissy 's and ninety-three 's faces . 
 callum pulled out his map and pointed west . 
 lissy and ninety-three turned to me for confirmation . 
 i had no idea . 
 lissy frowned at me and peeked over callum 's shoulder . 
 she nodded and began walking west with ninety-three . 
 they 'd dropped us on main street , and lissy veered off the paved road and disappeared onto the dirt street behind a small house . 
 callum laced his warm fingers through mine and i started to look down at them as we followed them . 
 i caught myself just in time , snapping my head up before my camera recorded it . 
 officer mayer would not approve . 
 `` is there anything i should know ? '' 
 he asked , squeezing my hand . 
 `` about tonight ? '' 
 i did n't know what he meant . 
 `` fighting an adult reboot , '' he prompted . 
 he looked down at his assignment slip . 
 `` gregor , adult reboot . '' 
 i felt an emotion pressing against my chest , and this time i knew exactly what it was . 
 guilt . 
 i should have prepared him . 
 i should n't just stand there mutely listening to ever 's voice in my head . 
 `` he wo n't run like a human ; he will stay and fight if we approach him , '' i said , my voice working for the first time all day . 
 `` in an adult , the reboot causes insanity and extreme aggression . 
 we 're ordered to capture if we can , kill if we have to . 
 his strength will depend on whatever his human strength was , because he probably has n't been a reboot long . 
 but he will be quick . 
 the reboot reflexes kick in right away . 
 do n't try talking to him . 
 you ca n't reason with an adult reboot . 
 whoever he was before is gone . '' 
 `` why are the adults different ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` they say it 's something to do with our brains not being fully formed . 
 an adult brain ca n't handle the reboot the way a kid 's can . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i think it 's more about change . '' 
 `` change ? '' 
 `` my parents always started screaming at each other when something changed . 
 like if we had to move or if harc mandated another vaccine they could n't afford . 
 but i always just went with it . 
 i think we adapt better . '' 
 a hint of a smile crossed his face . 
 `` that makes sense . '' 
 lissy stopped in front of a house with a crooked roof and sheets covering the two windows in front . 
 i quickly dropped callum 's hand as she turned . 
 i missed the warmth right away , and i wanted her to point her camera in another direction so i could link my fingers through his again . 
 `` you guys take the back , '' she said . 
 `` we 've got the front . '' 
 i nodded and walked around , reaching for callum 's hand again as soon as we were out of sight . 
 he kept his face pointed straight ahead but tugged me closer , until my shoulder touched his arm . 
 i closed my eyes briefly , letting the tingles of warmth dance over my skin . 
 i could see ever in the darkness , feel her hand as it pressed into my back . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 my eyes popped open as a tiny gasp escaped my mouth . 
 callum 's eyes were on mine now , full of concern , and i quickly looked away . 
 `` be prepared to fight , '' i said , clearing my throat and trying to push ever 's voice out of my head . 
 my hand was poised over the knob of the back door when i heard lissy scream . 
 `` one-seventy-eight ! '' 
 ninety-three yelled . 
 i took off with callum close behind , rounding the corner to the front of the house in seconds . 
 gregor was huge , so big that lissy was a doll perched on his back , her arms around his thick neck . 
 his eyes did n't focus right , like all of the adult reboots i 'd seen , and his mouth hung open , even when he was n't growling . 
 he brandished a large knife , wildly swinging it behind him at her . 
 ninety-three lunged at him and gregor whipped the knife in his direction . 
 i saw ninety-three 's head snap back as the blade slid in , but i slapped my hands over my eyes before i had to watch him slump to the ground . 
 `` lissy , get - '' callum 's words cut off as i heard lissy scream , then another thump . 
 take your hands off your eyes . 
 move . 
 my brain would n't communicate with my body , would n't do anything i said . 
 i dug my fingers into my skin , trying to wrench my hands away , but i was frozen . 
 a grunt from callum broke the spell . 
 i dropped my hands to see him tear the knife from gregor 's hand and hurl it as far as he could . 
 lissy and ninety-three lay motionless on the ground , and callum stumbled over the former as gregor punched him across the jaw . 
 callum 's eyes darted to me as he sprung to his feet , his expression clear . 
 help me . 
 my feet worked , even if the rest of me did n't . 
 i raced across the dirt , launching my foot into gregor 's stomach . 
 he barely stumbled , his dark reboot eyes sparkling at the challenge of a fight . 
 i found i had that in common with adult reboots . 
 they seemed glad for a fight , eager to release the pent-up aggression and anger inside . 
 i understood that . 
 but tonight i could n't find that energy . 
 gregor threw a punch . 
 i ducked , but another immediately followed . 
 he 'd been trained in combat as a human . 
 his fist slammed against my cheek and i hit the ground with a grunt . 
 i wanted to get up faster , to bounce up and revel in the fire of a fight burning in my belly , but my limbs were lead , moving like i was a human . 
 i was only up on my knees when he kicked me again . 
 he lifted his foot for another one , but callum launched himself at the bigger reboot , taking them both down . 
 he tried to pin him to the ground but gregor grasped his shirt and tossed him across the lawn . 
 i managed to stand before gregor made his way over to me , lifting my fists to protect myself . 
 i had to be faster than him . 
 he was stronger , so i had to be faster . 
 i scrambled behind him as he swung , giving him a solid kick in the ass . 
 he hit his knees and i reached for my cuffs , relief flooding me . 
 i yanked one arm behind his back but he spun around and grabbed my ankle , sending my butt to the ground . 
 his foot connected with my helmet , smashing the camera . 
 `` one-seventy-eight ! '' 
 officer mayer yelled in my ear . 
 `` we 've lost visual on your camera . '' 
 a pair of arms grabbed my waist , dragging me away as gregor lunged for me . 
 callum darted around me and threw a punch directly into gregor 's face . 
 `` one-seventy-eight ! '' 
 officer mayer yelled in my ear . 
 `` he ... he broke it , '' i gasped , the world spinning a bit as i got up . 
 callum turned at the sound of my voice and gregor delivered a massive punch to his stomach , tugging viciously at callum 's head . 
 he succeeded in getting the helmet off , tossing it aside with a growl . 
 `` one-seventy-eight ! 
 get that helmet back on twenty-two 's head ! 
 all we see is the ground ! '' 
 i raced for them , fighting back the urge to rip my com from my ear . 
 i threw myself in between the two reboots , breaking gregor 's hold on callum . 
 i was messy , panicked , my eyes flying to my newbie to see if he was okay . 
 i never saw the punches coming . 
 only felt the crack as he smashed my nose in . 
 my face was in the dirt again . 
 i could n't remember why i should get up . 
 `` one-seventy-eight ! '' 
 officer mayer 's voice was distant this time , and i squinted to see my com lying on the ground . 
 `` one-seventy-eight , report - '' i slammed my fist down , the little plastic device making a pleasing crunch sound . 
 i almost smiled , but a hand grabbed my shirt collar and i wiped at my eyes to see gregor preparing for another hit . 
 i did n't care . 
 callum grabbed the fist and gregor let go of me . 
 i collapsed back to the ground . 
 callum punched gregor , the hardest hit i 'd ever seen come out of him . 
 the bigger reboot stumbled and callum struck him again . 
 `` would you shut up ? '' 
 callum yelled . 
 considering neither gregor nor i had said a word , i could guess who he was talking to . 
 he went for a third punch , but gregor snatched his arm and cracked it . 
 callum did n't even wince . 
 he slammed his palm against the bone , putting it back in place as he kicked gregor in the stomach . 
 he doubled over in pain and callum kneed him in the face . 
 gregor went down with a yell and callum slapped the hand - and foot cuffs on him . 
 his feet thrashed , but he was n't going anywhere . 
 callum knelt down next to me and i forced myself to sit up , wiping the back of my sleeve against my bloody face . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i whispered , unable to look at him . 
 `` twenty-two ! '' 
 i could hear officer mayer yelling in his ear . 
 `` what is going on ? '' 
 i felt his hand on my cheek and i looked up at his bruised face . 
 he gave me a little smile . 
 he opened his mouth to say something , then frowned as officer mayer began yelling again . 
 i gently removed the com from his ear and set it on the ground . 
 `` what a rebel , '' he said quietly . 
 he scooted closer and gathered me into his arms . 
 i felt like a little kid in his lap , but when i pressed my face to his chest and smelled his fresh skin through his clothes , i did n't mind . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i repeated . 
 `` i was useless - '' `` no , you were n't , '' he said , running his fingers beneath my helmet and up into my hair . 
 i liked his warm fingers there , liked the sensations they sent down my neck . 
 `` i 'm sorry about ever . 
 she was your best friend ? '' 
 i 'd never thought of her that way . 
 `` yes , '' i said . 
 he wrapped both arms around my waist , holding me tightly . 
 i could hear the muffled sounds of officer mayer yelling in the com from a few feet away , and i closed my eyes and blocked the sound . 
 no one could see or hear us . 
 i had been under the watch of a harc guard every minute of the past five years . 
 i felt free . 
 it was a false freedom , of course , since my tracker gave away my exact location , but i sank into callum for a moment and pretended . 
 when i pulled away he tried to bring me back , but i shook my head and gestured to his com . 
 `` you should put it in , '' i said . 
 `` if you do n't report they 'll send in more reboots . 
 it 'll be bad if they send more in and we 're alive . '' 
 he sighed and reluctantly stuck the com in his ear . 
 `` callum twenty-two with wren one-seventy-eight . 
 assignment secure . 
 lissy one-twenty-four and raul ninety-three are dead . '' 
 he listened and looked around . 
 `` all right . '' 
 he grabbed his helmet , plunking it on his head and adjusting the camera . 
 `` see ? 
 she 's fine . 
 her com just got smashed . '' 
 callum winked at me . 
 he knew exactly how that had happened . 
 he paused for a moment , then looked at me sadly . 
 `` ca n't you send - '' he sighed . 
 `` all right . '' 
 he jerked his head toward ninety-three and lissy . 
 `` they want us to bring them back . '' 
 i nodded , beating down the disgust . 
 `` yeah , standard procedure when reboots die in the field . 
 i 've got them . '' 
 `` i can do it , wren - '' `` it 's fine , '' i said , attaching a leash to ninety-three 's wrists , then lissy 's . 
 `` you get him . '' 
 callum secured gregor , a frown crossing his face as he hauled the reboot to his feet . 
 `` no . '' 
 i frowned at him in confusion . 
 `` no , '' he repeated into his com . 
 `` what are they saying ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` nothing . 
 you sure you got them ? 
 i can take one . '' 
 `` it 's fine . 
 are they telling you to do something ? '' 
 `` nope . 
 let 's go . '' 
 he nudged gregor forward . 
 `` callum , you ca n't just ignore them . '' 
 he cast an amused smile back at me . 
 `` come on . 
 everything 's okay . '' 
 i doubted that , but i trudged after him , dragging the two dead reboots behind me . 
 leb ran around the corner , coming to a stop when he spotted us . 
 he winced as his gaze fell on me , and i wiped at my face and found blood . 
 `` where 's your gear ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` smashed , '' i replied . 
 he pulled his hand com out of his pocket and lifted it to his lips as he turned his back to us . 
 `` i have twenty-two and one-seventy-eight . 
 smashed gear . 
 heading back now . '' 
 callum and i piled the adult reboot , lissy , and ninety-three into the cargo shuttle and headed back to our own . 
 we plopped down in our seats and leb settled in across from us as the shuttle lifted off the ground . 
 callum let out an annoyed sigh , giving his helmet a shove so the camera pointed up at the ceiling . 
 he took his com out of his ear and sat on it . 
 `` they wo n't shut up , '' he said , to our horrified looks . 
 `` what are they - '' i stopped , glancing at leb as the shuttle lifted off . 
 `` there are n't any other camera or audio feeds in here , if yours are gone . 
 just his , '' leb said . 
 he nodded to the com in his pocket . 
 `` they ca n't hear everything on mine . 
 it mutes unless i 'm using it . '' 
 callum looked from him to me in surprise . 
 `` what are they saying ? '' 
 i asked , ignoring the look . 
 `` they told me to kill gregor . '' 
 i gasped , clapping my hand over my mouth to stop the wave of nausea that crashed over me . 
 `` you should n't have done that , kid , '' leb said . 
 `` they did not sound happy . '' 
 leb 's sympathetic tone made the pounding in my stomach worse , and i forced my hand away from my mouth and gripped my seat instead . 
 `` you ca n't just disobey an order , '' i said , my voice shaking . 
 `` i can , and i did . 
 they ca n't make me do that . '' 
 `` but you knew ! 
 i told you it was a capture-if-possible , kill-if-necessary mission . '' 
 `` it was n't necessary . 
 he was contained . 
 the only time it 's necessary is in self-defense . 
 they ca n't make me kill someone . '' 
 `` but - '' but they 'll kill you . 
 i could n't say the words to him . 
 `` i know what they might do to me , '' he said softly . 
 `` i 'm not killing anyone for them . '' 
 i sprung out of my chair , not sure what i intended to do until i smacked his head . 
 he lifted his arms to defend himself as i swung again , my rage at his stupidity burning a hole through my stomach . 
 i wanted to scream at him , to ask him how he could be so thoughtless when i had just lost her , but no words would come out of my mouth . 
 my throat had tightened painfully . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said , trying to catch my hands as i halfheartedly hit him . 
 `` one-seventy-eight , '' leb said . 
 i felt his touch on my arms , pulling me backward , and i let him , my shoulders sagging . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' callum repeated , his eyes big and pleading . 
 `` do n't be mad . 
 i just could n't . '' 
 i turned away , watching as leb sat down in his seat again with a sigh . 
 his gaze met mine and he took in a sharp breath , barely shaking his head . 
 he could tell what i was thinking . 
 i leaned down and put my hands on either side of leb 's chair . 
 he pressed himself into the wall . 
 `` can you help us ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` no , '' he said automatically . 
 out of the corner of my eye i could see callum leaning in , trying to hear us , so i shot him a look . 
 he sank back into his chair . 
 `` can you help just him ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` please . 
 they 're going to kill him . '' 
 a frown crossed his face . 
 `` i 'm sorry about that , but even if i wanted to help , i 'd need some time . 
 time he does n't seem to have . '' 
 `` i think i can convince officer mayer to let him continue training . 
 i 'll take the blame . 
 tell him i did n't prepare him properly . '' 
 `` then he 'll be fine . '' 
 `` no , he wo n't , '' i whispered . 
 `` how long do you think he has here , really ? 
 he 'll disobey again and they 'll eliminate him . '' 
 or a human would kill him . 
 or harc would start giving him shots . 
 leb 's gaze turned to callum for a moment . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 it 's too risky . '' 
 `` please . 
 i 'll do whatever you want . 
 name it . '' 
 the deep frown on his face slipped as something crossed his eyes . 
 i held my breath as he considered , but the frown returned and he dropped his eyes from mine . 
 `` no . '' 
 he said it firmly as the shuttle hit the ground . 
 `` get in your seat . '' 
 of course not . 
 what did i have to trade , anyway ? 
 i could think of nothing a human would want from a reboot . 
 i sat down as the shuttle door opened to reveal a furious officer mayer . 
 `` both of you , in my office . 
 now . '' 
 seventeen officer mayer glared at us from his desk chair , his face red . 
 `` sit , '' he ordered , and we did . 
 `` you . '' 
 he looked at me . 
 `` that was the worst field assignment i 've ever seen from you . 
 i swear sometimes i thought you were just standing there watching . '' 
 i swallowed , not sure what to say , as that was entirely accurate . 
 `` you . '' 
 he turned to callum . 
 `` you disobeyed a direct order and took your com out in the shuttle . 
 was there something you needed to say that you did n't want us to hear ? '' 
 `` no , i was just tired of you yelling at me , '' callum mumbled . 
 officer mayer slammed his fist on his desk . 
 `` you do not get to be tired ! 
 if i want to yell at you i will yell at you ! 
 did your trainer not tell you to get in line ? 
 did she not say that you were to follow all orders ? '' 
 `` yes , '' callum replied . 
 `` then why should n't i eliminate you ? '' 
 `` i do n't want to kill anyone , '' callum said quietly . 
 `` i did not ask you to kill a person ; i asked you to kill a reboot . 
 a crazy reboot who killed two of your friends . 
 i would think you would be glad to do it . '' 
 callum shook his head . 
 `` then we should eliminate you . '' 
 he nodded his head , like it was decided , and i felt like someone had just put their hand around my throat . 
 `` no , that is n't - '' `` i was n't talking to you , '' officer mayer snapped at me before turning back to callum . 
 `` you were warned and you chose not to follow a direct command . 
 i do n't see any improvement , and unfortunately there is no room here for reboots who do n't perform well . '' 
 `` but he is better , '' i said , ignoring the glare officer mayer gave me as i spoke out of turn again . 
 `` he was the one who completed the assignment tonight . 
 if it were n't for him i 'd probably be dead and the assignment would have gotten away . '' 
 officer mayer pressed his lips together , looking from me to callum , and i felt a tiny spark of hope amid my panic . 
 `` and i did n't prepare him properly for a kill assignment , '' i said . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` i 'm not used to training such a low number . 
 i did n't realize he 'd be so emotional about it . '' 
 the lie slid out of my mouth easily . 
 had i thought about it a little more , i would have known callum would n't be okay with killing . 
 `` it 's my fault . '' 
 `` it 's not - '' `` you be quiet until you 're spoken to , '' officer mayer snapped at callum . 
 he turned to me again . 
 `` should i eliminate you instead ? '' 
 i swallowed , although that comment was n't entirely unexpected , considering i 'd just told him i 'd screwed up . 
 `` i think if we continue training , he 'll get better at following orders . '' 
 `` so you do n't think i should eliminate you , then . '' 
 officer mayer had the tiniest smile on his face , and i was struck by the sudden urge to smack it away . 
 he was enjoying watching me squirm . 
 `` i would rather you did n't , sir . '' 
 he let out a long , exaggerated sigh as he sat back in his chair and crossed his arms over his chest . 
 he looked from me to callum for several agonizing seconds , the only noise in the room the hum of his computer . 
 finally , he waved his hand . 
 `` fine . 
 twenty-two , go to your quarters . 
 one-seventy-eight , stay a minute . '' 
 i breathed a sigh of relief as callum trudged out of the room . 
 officer mayer stood up , gathering a few papers and his computer into his hands . 
 `` i 'm sending you two on a kill assignment as soon as we locate the other adult reboot , '' he said . 
 `` we 've been tracking the other one for several days , so it should n't be long . 
 if twenty-two refuses to perform the assignment again , you 'll eliminate him . '' 
 a flash of rage hit me so hard i almost gasped . 
 it burned so strongly in my chest that i clenched my fists together and stared at my lap to keep myself from jumping up and snapping his neck . 
 i would eliminate him ? 
 `` you need to do it out in the field . 
 this facility is ... restless tonight after that crazy girl got herself killed . '' 
 that crazy girl . 
 my best friend . 
 i could hear the snap it would make in my head . 
 snap . 
 he gestured for me to stand and i did , my legs shaking . 
 he opened his office door . 
 `` we 'll say a human did it . 
 last thing we need is another elimination . 
 we 've had too many lately . '' 
 snap . 
 snap . 
 snap . 
 officer mayer gestured for me to follow as he strolled into the hallway . 
 `` you gave it your best shot , '' he said , turning to walk away . 
 `` but he 's bringing you down , too . 
 we need to stop this nonsense . '' 
 i watched his back as he strode off . 
 i could do it so quickly . 
 he 'd be dead before he hit the ground . 
 then i 'd be dead a few minutes later . 
 perhaps only a few seconds later , depending on how far away the guards were . 
 i forced myself to move in the opposite direction . 
 i certainly could n't help callum if i was dead . 
 i opened the door to the stairwell and stopped next to callum , who stood in the dark alone . 
 pound . 
 pound . 
 pound . 
 i turned toward the noise , coming from one floor down . 
 the floor where the reboots slept . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 callum asked . 
 i descended the stairs , gesturing for him to come with me . 
 i pushed the door open and stepped onto the eighth floor . 
 pound . 
 pound . 
 pound . 
 it came from my right , the girls ' wing . 
 `` why are they doing that ? '' 
 callum whispered . 
 `` ever did that , '' i replied . 
 `` when she ... '' when she went crazy . 
 had they drugged them all ? 
 what good were reboots if they were all totally insane ? 
 `` get to your quarters , '' a guard barked . 
 i entered the girls ' wing and stopped . 
 in almost every room both girls were out of bed , methodically pounding on the wall . 
 their eyes followed me as i walked to my room . 
 they were n't drugged . 
 they were rebelling . 
 eighteen i sat at the edge of the track and watched callum run the next morning . 
 even after the pounding stopped i barely slept , my eyes constantly drifting back to ever 's empty bed . 
 i could n't run today . 
 i wondered , if a human had helped her get out , would she have survived ? 
 would she have improved once outside of harc ? 
 or would she have gotten worse ? 
 escape had never appealed to me , even when i heard about the rebels and the supposed reboot reservation . 
 the outside world was filled with humans who hated us , and a government set up to enslave or kill us . 
 outside , as a human , i had starved , caught several diseases , and ended up shot . 
 inside , i was fed regularly , clothed , and given a place to sleep . 
 but now , escape was all i could think of . 
 rosa was surrounded by an electrified fence . 
 even if a reboot could find and get rid of his tracker , he still had to find a way over or under the fence . 
 going over it would be a little painful . 
 that was if we actually made it there . 
 armed guards patrolled the city line on every side , and sharpshooters were stationed in the towers strategically placed every half mile or so . 
 my plan so far was to run like hell , hope not to get shot in the head , and climb an electrified fence . 
 it was not the best plan . 
 i watched as callum rounded the track in front of me , his breathing steady . 
 he 'd improved in almost every area . 
 he was faster , stronger , more confident . 
 his body was tighter , his movements sharp and controlled . 
 but i should have known he would never live up to the harc standards . 
 even if he 'd overcome his greatest obstacle-his sad little twenty-two minutes-he was n't built to follow orders . 
 he had too many questions . 
 too many opinions . 
 i had no idea how to save him without getting rid of our trackers . 
 and there was no way to find a tracker without a harc tracker locator . 
 i 'd never even seen one of those . 
 i 'd be surprised if they kept it in the same building with reboots . 
 i needed someone who knew where those locators were . 
 i needed leb . 
 relying on a human made my stomach clench . 
 there was no reason he would want to help me and no reason i should trust him . 
 i pressed my hand to my forehead and forced my eyes away from callum . 
 i could n't think straight when i looked at him . 
 i was nothing but a pathetic knot of emotions and i could n't think of what leb needed , what he wanted , what a human could n't - his daughter . 
 he wanted his daughter . 
 they promised to help my daughter , he had said . 
 they lied . 
 i slowly got to my feet , excitement swirling through my stomach and up to my chest . 
 i had to find him . 
 now . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 i called to callum . 
 his chest heaved as he paused on the track and gave me a curious look . 
 `` come on , '' i said with a wave of my hand . 
 i rushed out the doors and down the hall , callum 's footsteps behind me . 
 leb was on duty today in the gym , and i had to get to him as quickly as possible . 
 officer mayer would find us a kill assignment soon . 
 i did n't have much time . 
 i rounded the corner and pushed open the door to the gym , scanning the room to find leb . 
 he was leaning against a wall , pretending he had n't noticed me . 
 `` push-ups , '' i said to callum , pointing to the floor . 
 he dropped down without comment , but his eyes followed me as i took a few steps toward leb . 
 the officer shook his head slightly . 
 he did n't want me talking to him . 
 too bad . 
 i took a quick glance around the gym . 
 hugo and ross were on the other side , engrossed in drilling their newbies . 
 the rest of the reboots were training or talking . 
 i moved a little closer to leb . 
 `` yeah , he is improving , '' i said loudly . 
 i hoped whoever was watching the cameras did n't notice leb had n't actually asked me a question . 
 he stared stone-faced at me . 
 he was n't playing . 
 i turned to face callum . 
 `` he 's much faster now , '' i continued to leb . 
 i ducked my head and focused on the ground . 
 `` your daughter , '' i whispered . 
 the silence stretched on for too long . 
 there were about ten other reboots in the gym , and for several seconds there was nothing but the sounds of fists smashing into bodies . 
 `` what about her ? '' 
 leb finally mumbled . 
 `` i can get her out . '' 
 he said nothing . 
 he was so quiet that i finally peeked over my shoulder at him and found his face stricken , almost horrified . 
 i might as well have just told him i was going to kill his daughter , not rescue her . 
 `` they already tried , '' he stuttered . 
 `` i 'm better equipped than any human . 
 i 'm trained for this . 
 if you want her , you need me . '' 
 he paused , looking at me with wide eyes . 
 `` how do i know you 'll keep your word after you get out of here ? '' 
 `` trust ? '' 
 one look at his face made it clear that was n't an option . 
 we were silent again , and leb stared at the floor with furrowed brows . 
 finally , he said , `` you want to go to the reservation , right ? '' 
 `` if it actually exists . '' 
 `` it does . '' 
 `` you 've been there ? '' 
 `` no , but the reboots who meet with the rebels say it does . '' 
 he looked almost excited as he spoke . 
 `` i could instruct the rebels in austin not to give you a map to the reservation until you show up with adina . 
 would you do that ? '' 
 the reservation was not my main concern-getting callum out was-but leb did n't need to know that . 
 `` yes . 
 you have to get me a tracker locator i can keep , though . 
 i ca n't get her without it . '' 
 leb nodded and my heart jumped with hope . 
 this might actually work . 
 `` do it fast , '' i said , moving away from leb . 
 i jerked my head at callum . 
 `` you can go shower . '' 
 callum gave me another curious look that i ignored as we split off to our respective showers . 
 my chest was pounding in anticipation but i could n't decide if i wanted to say anything to him . 
 what if i got his hopes up and everything fell through ? 
 i grabbed a towel and stepped into a stall , snapping the curtain shut behind me . 
 i tossed the towel over the side wall and gripped the bottom of my shirt . 
 `` wren ? '' 
 i whirled around to see the outline of someone standing on the other side of the curtain . 
 `` callum ? '' 
 he pushed open the curtain and stepped inside the stall , amusement flickering across his face when he looked down at my fingers , still tightly clenched around the bottom of my shirt . 
 i quickly dropped it and smoothed the material over my stomach . 
 he just stood there . 
 was i supposed to do something ? 
 had he come thinking i 'd want to have sex ? 
 my hands were shaking suddenly and i was relieved he had n't immediately pounced on me . 
 and maybe a little disappointed . 
 `` what have you been talking about with leb ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i crossed my arms over my chest and beat down the surge of disappointment that he had n't come to kiss me . 
 `` plans , '' i said . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 i wanted to tell him that i was going to get him out of here . 
 i wanted to tell him to hang in there , to be good for a little while longer until i could figure everything out . 
 i knew he 'd give me a look of happiness and hope and excitement . 
 but i was worried he would be crushed if it all fell apart . 
 `` plans like he 's going to help us escape ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 his eyes were already hopeful . 
 so much for not getting his hopes up . 
 `` will you please follow orders until i do know ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he hesitated . 
 it was brief , but it was there . 
 `` yes . '' 
 i waited . 
 he had n't meant the yes . 
 the yes was a lie . 
 `` within reason , '' he finished . 
 there was the truth . 
 `` they 're sending us on a kill assignment any day now , '' i said quietly . 
 `` if it comes down to it , you need to do it . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` callum ... '' he smiled . 
 `` i like that you call me callum now . '' 
 `` you have to do it . '' 
 `` no , i do n't . '' 
 he reached out , trying to pull one of my arms away from my chest . 
 i shook him off . 
 `` leb ca n't help us if you 're dead . '' 
 `` they ca n't make me kill someone . '' 
 `` it 's an adult reboot . 
 it 's not even a person anymore . '' 
 he looked down at me , a frown crossing his face . 
 `` would n't humans say the same thing about us ? '' 
 `` yes , but it 's true with an adult , they - '' `` you do n't know that . 
 that 's just what harc says . 
 i 'm inclined to be suspicious . '' 
 `` you saw gregor last night , '' i said . 
 `` he was crazed . 
 and every person i 've seen who rebooted as an adult is like that . 
 they ca n't even talk anymore , callum . '' 
 `` we were there to capture him so harc could experiment on him . 
 i 'd fight back , too . 
 and besides , i was hysterical after i rose . 
 were n't you ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` so maybe - '' `` it does n't matter , '' i said in exasperation . 
 `` either you kill the next one or harc eliminates you . '' 
 `` you 've really killed lots of people ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes , '' i said , dropping my eyes . 
 without even thinking about it . 
 refusing had never even occurred to me . 
 `` humans , too ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` they made you do that ? '' 
 `` sometimes i offered . '' 
 i looked up as he took a sharp breath at that admission . 
 `` why would you do that ? '' 
 he asked , his voice catching . 
 `` when the assignment killed my fellow reboots , i offered . '' 
 `` so because you were mad . '' 
 i paused , hugging my arms tighter to my chest . 
 `` i guess . '' 
 his face was full of confusion and horror and maybe even a little disgust . 
 a rock had formed on top of my chest and i closed my eyes , trying to make it go away . 
 `` i was only twelve when i died ; i 've been here a long time and i thought i had to do everything i was-i mean , i do have to do everything i 'm told . 
 they were bad , the people i killed , and i did n't - '' `` i 'm not judging you , '' callum interrupted , his face softening as he stepped closer to me . 
 `` well , i was , but i should n't be . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i 've been here only a few weeks and you ... i ca n't imagine being here five years . '' 
 a smile crossed his face . 
 `` maybe i wo n't have to be . 
 you and leb looked pretty serious today . '' 
 `` or you wo n't be here five years because you disobey orders again and they kill you tomorrow . '' 
 `` or that , '' he said , patting my head with a little laugh . 
 apparently his own death bothered him very little . 
 `` it 's me , callum . 
 if you do n't carry out the assignment i 'm supposed to eliminate you . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 he looked at me questioningly . 
 `` i wo n't do it , '' i said , my annoyance coming through in my voice . 
 `` but then ... '' `` then they 'll probably eliminate me , too . '' 
 `` dammit , wren ... '' he let out a whoosh of air , putting his hands behind his head . 
 `` that 's not fair . '' 
 `` it 's the truth . '' 
 `` no . 
 they wo n't do it . 
 you 're their precious one-seventy-eight . 
 officer mayer will just yell and have someone else kill me . '' 
 `` i 'm a reboot like everyone else , '' i said . 
 `` they 'll kill me if i start rebelling . '' 
 `` so either i kill this person or i 'm responsible for your death . 
 that 's great . 
 wonderful choice you 've set up for me there . '' 
 `` i do n't want you to die . '' 
 `` now you 're sucking up . '' 
 he tugged at my waist , trying to draw me closer . 
 i let him , pressing my palm to his warm chest . 
 `` i just do n't want to be ... '' `` me ? '' 
 i guessed . 
 `` no . 
 i do n't want them to make me into that person . 
 into someone who kills . '' 
 i had nothing to say to that , as i was already that person . 
 i pressed my lips together and looked at him pleadingly . 
 `` that look , '' he moaned , putting his hands on my cheeks . 
 `` do n't give me that look . '' 
 `` will you do it ? 
 please ? '' 
 he sighed and dropped his hands . 
 `` do i have to decide now ? '' 
 `` the assignment could come down any minute . '' 
 `` i ... could try , i guess . '' 
 the defeat in his voice made my insides twist uncomfortably . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i took a step back , an indication that i was ready for him to go . 
 `` right , i 'll let you shower . '' 
 he grabbed the edge of the curtain but paused , the humor back in his eyes . 
 `` or i could stay . '' 
 a little yelp escaped my mouth as i pulled my arms in and pressed them both against my chest . 
 `` i ... um ... '' yes . 
 and no . 
 i felt sick . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said with a chuckle , holding up his hands . 
 `` you look horrified . 
 i was mostly kidding . '' 
 `` no , i 'm not horrified , '' i said , forcing myself to relax . 
 he gave me one last smile before pulling back the curtain and hopping out . 
 an under-sixty leaned over and peeked around the curtain before i could shut it . 
 a small crowd had formed , and the girls all had funny smiles on their faces . 
 `` aw , we knew you 'd break down eventually , '' the under-sixty said . 
 `` he 's really cute . '' 
 i snapped the curtain closed and let out a long breath as i leaned my forehead against the cool tile . 
 i should n't have stuttered and mumbled like that . 
 i should n't have looked horrified . 
 i wanted to ... well , i did n't know if i wanted to strip down and shower with him , but i liked his arms around me . 
 i thought i would have liked to kiss him . 
 although i could n't be sure , never having kissed anyone before . 
 ever would have enjoyed this . 
 she would have been thrilled if i had told her everything . 
 her eyes would have lit up with the hope i was a real person after all . 
 she would have said something comforting and humanlike , although i had no idea what . 
 i missed her . 
 that evening , after dinner , i walked down the hallway , slowing as i spotted a human leaving my room . 
 she caught my eye and pointed inside . 
 `` clothes drop-off , '' she said , and quickly scurried away . 
 i looked at the neatly folded clothes on my bed in confusion . 
 i 'd had a clothes drop-off yesterday . 
 i grabbed a black sweatshirt off the top . 
 it was way too big . 
 but there was a folded-up piece of paper beneath it . 
 i dropped the sweatshirt on the bed and held the paper close to my chest , turning away from my clear wall and unfolding it as discreetly as possible . 
 it was a map . 
 a map of the five cities of texas , with a route drawn in blue from rosa to austin . 
 he 'd drawn a circle around the intersection of nelson and holly in rosa , a couple blocks from where the shuttle usually landed , and written the words meet me here . 
 there was a star at the edge of the rosa city line , directly in between two towers . 
 where we were supposed to exit the city , perhaps ? 
 the blue line stretched through the miles of trees between the two cities and stopped at the word tunnel scrawled near the edge of the rico side of austin . 
 my breath caught in my chest and the map shook ever so slightly as i read the small words printed at the bottom . 
 i 'm in . 
 nineteen the kill assignment came the next day . 
 they gave me a gun and told me to either give it to callum to kill the reboot , or use it on callum myself . 
 i had n't been given a gun to use in the field in a few months , and it felt cool and heavy against my hip . 
 i had the map in my pocket , even though i doubted leb had managed to get his hands on a tracker locator in one day . 
 i would n't run without removing our trackers first . 
 there was no point . 
 if leb did n't come through today , callum had to perform the kill assignment . 
 callum glanced down at the gun when i joined him on the roof . 
 a cool breeze blew across us , bringing with it the stench of the slums , and i saw his nose wrinkle . 
 from the smell or the sight of the gun , i did n't know . 
 the shuttle hit the roof with a clunk and the door opened to reveal paul inside . 
 if leb was n't on this assignment , maybe he had the tracker locator and was waiting for us at the meeting spot . 
 i could n't breathe . 
 the air was gone and my chest hurt . 
 this could be my last assignment . 
 my last time in the shuttle . 
 the last day at the place i 'd called home for five years . 
 paul gestured for us to sit and i stumbled on the way to my seat . 
 callum was shaking as he strapped himself in . 
 i wanted to tell him it was okay , that he would n't have to perform the assignment , but i did n't know that for sure . 
 the shuttle was silent as we rode to the slums . 
 paul dug into his pocket and produced four bullets as we landed , offering them to me . 
 `` take any unused ones out before boarding the shuttle , '' he warned as i closed my fist around the bullets . 
 i nodded and followed callum into the cool night air . 
 his eyes were glued to the gun as i loaded the bullets . 
 i did n't want to tip off the harc officers watching our video feed . 
 they needed to believe we were following orders , for as long as possible . 
 i held the gun out to callum , but his hands remained at his sides . 
 `` callum , '' i said quietly . 
 he wrapped his fingers around the gun , holding it away from him like it was contaminated . 
 his eyes met mine . 
 `` i have to ? '' 
 he asked , his voice strained . 
 no . 
 `` yes . '' 
 i cleared my throat and jerked my head to the right . 
 `` let 's go this way . 
 it 's a shortcut . '' 
 callum frowned down at his map and the assignment slip , then looked up at me , mouth open to most likely tell me we were headed in the wrong direction . 
 he quickly snapped it shut as understanding crossed his face and i turned away so harc would n't see the hope there . 
 i led him to the intersection of holly and nelson , whipping my head around to find leb . 
 nothing . 
 the night was quiet , nothing but the sound of wind in the trees and a few crickets as we stood in the middle of the dirt road surrounded by little tents . 
 maybe he was n't coming tonight . 
 `` can i see the map ? '' 
 i asked , to stall . 
 callum handed it over and i pretended to look at the straight lines representing the streets of rosa . 
 i did n't have long before the harc officers watching me grew suspicious . 
 i rarely needed to look at a map . 
 i stole another peek around but there was no one but me and callum . 
 i let out a long sigh . 
 `` we should go that way , '' i said , trying my best to keep the defeat out of my voice . 
 callum 's face fell and he looked down at the gun in his hand . 
 `` so i have to shoot her in the head , right ? 
 to kill my own kind ? '' 
 he glanced down at the assignment slip . 
 `` danielle . 
 i murder danielle ? '' 
 i winced at the word choice and the anger dripping from every syllable . 
 harc surely heard it . 
 `` yes , '' i replied . 
 `` aim for the forehead , not the face . 
 you want to destroy the brain . 
 two shots are best , to be safe . '' 
 `` and then what ? 
 i drag her back to the shuttle ? '' 
 `` or i will . '' 
 i turned away , unable to meet his accusing gaze . 
 he might have been mostly mad at harc , but there was plenty there for me as well . 
 would he ever be able to forgive me if i made him do this ? 
 `` i - '' a high-pitched screeching in my ear interrupted me , and callum and i both grimaced and pulled our coms out . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 callum asked , rubbing his ear . 
 `` did our coms just go out ? '' 
 my eyes darted across the area , hope filling my chest so much it was difficult to breathe . 
 a man peeked around the edge of a tent , a broad figure in black . 
 he rose from his knees and jogged to us , pushing the brim of his hat up as he stopped in front of me . 
 leb . 
 he held a knife with one hand and with the other pulled a black object out of his pocket , and callum stepped forward , the gun half-raised to defend us . 
 i shook my head at callum and he slowly lowered it , eyes still glued to leb 's knife . 
 `` stand still , '' leb said , lifting the black object to my chest . 
 it was a small device about the size of his palm , and it lit up with a red light when he scanned it over my upper right arm . 
 `` take off your jacket , '' he said . 
 `` how 'd you get it so fast ? '' 
 i asked as i shook off my jacket . 
 `` getting it is n't the problem , '' he muttered . 
 `` it 's the shit storm that will erupt when they realize it 's gone that 's the problem . '' 
 he lifted the knife and sliced a gash a few inches above my elbow , using the edge of the blade to knock a little metal device to the ground . 
 i wrapped my fingers around the bloody wound . 
 it was n't deep enough to be painful , but my fingers still shook as i clutched them to my skin . 
 i stared at the bloody silver tracker . 
 freedom . 
 i could run now , and no one would know where i was . 
 what i was doing . 
 what i was saying . 
 leb waved for callum to come closer , but he just stood there , staring at the blood seeping out of my arm . 
 he looked shocked , on the edge of happiness , like he could n't believe it was real . 
 `` would you hurry up ? '' 
 leb snapped , grabbing him by the arm and waving the locator over his body . 
 `` the shuttle officer is probably already on his way . '' 
 leb spun callum around and ran the locator down his back until it turned red . 
 he lifted his shirt and cut a short line across his back just under his shoulder blade . 
 he grabbed the tracker and carefully set it on the ground . 
 leb took off down the street , motioning for us to follow him . 
 we ran two blocks , coming to a stop behind a dark house with an assortment of trash and broken toys in the backyard . 
 leb shoved something into my hand and i looked down to see some papers , the locator , and a map of the austin slums . 
 i did n't think i needed a map-i remembered it well enough-but he 'd marked a particular spot in the middle of a residential area . 
 `` her name is adina , '' he said , tapping an envelope and a picture of a dark-haired reboot below the map . 
 `` she 's on assignment tuesday and wednesday night . 
 the shuttle usually lands at the end of guadalupe street . 
 give her that letter . 
 i marked the rebels ' address on the map . 
 if you get adina , go there and they will tell you how to get to the reservation . '' 
 `` fine , '' i said , shoving everything into my back pocket . 
 `` do you have any bullets ? 
 we only have four . '' 
 he pulled his gun out and emptied about ten into my hand . 
 `` they 're militant about keeping this location secret from harc . 
 go at night . 
 do n't call attention to yourselves . '' 
 he dropped the knife in my other hand . 
 `` take that , too . 
 go . '' 
 `` thank you , '' i said as leb turned to run . 
 he gave me a slight nod over his shoulder before disappearing down an alley . 
 i was frozen . 
 leb had said go . 
 which way ? 
 where ? 
 to some mythical reboot reservation that probably did n't even exist ? 
 panic gripped my chest as i realized what i 'd done . 
 i was in the slums , surrounded by humans , and i was n't going back to harc . 
 i was n't going home . 
 `` wren . '' 
 i looked up to see callum 's excited face peering at me . 
 he broke the camera off my helmet , took my com from my clenched hand , and tossed them both on the ground . 
 `` i think we should run . '' 
 twenty i grabbed callum 's hand and we wove through a dark alleyway , breaking into a full sprint as we headed for an abandoned shelter . 
 in the years after the war it was meant to help the humans get back on their feet . 
 when the drug dealers and gangs took over rosa , harc boarded it up . 
 we were at the edge of rosa , near the city line and in the heart of the slums . 
 harc was on the other side of town , past the fields , but it would n't take them long to dispatch officers . 
 in terms of hiding , this was not the best place . 
 the houses were tiny and the tents on the next road over would provide even less cover . 
 an alarm pierced the silence and a spotlight swooped across the area . 
 i scrambled to the back of a shack , pressing myself against the rickety wood . 
 callum did the same , his eyes on the sky as a shuttle spotlight surveyed the area . 
 it moved down the street and he looked over at me . 
 `` should we keep going ? '' 
 he whispered . 
 yes . 
 maybe ? 
 i was n't sure . 
 almost every decision i 'd made over the last five years was n't really mine . 
 i knew the rules of harc and i followed them . 
 the spotlight swung to us and callum gripped my hand as we took off across the patchy grass surrounding the shack . 
 i heard the bullets before several pierced my shoulders and bounced off my helmet . 
 `` this way , '' i called , dropping callum 's hand as we crossed the dirt road . 
 the spotlight lost us as i wove in between houses and darted over lawns , but i could see officers in the distance , a huge group of them dispersing on the streets . 
 i came to a stop at the back of the old shelter and yanked so hard on the door that the building actually swayed like it was going to fall over . 
 i stumbled as the door swung open easily and stepped inside only to reel back , hitting callum 's chest . 
 people . 
 humans , everywhere . 
 they smelled like grime and filth and infection . 
 i knew that smell . 
 i recognized the humans huddled in their own little corners , some using only clothes or sticks to mark their territory . 
 saw the track marks on their arms , the shaky hands , the desperation etched on their faces . 
 as a child , i lived in a similar place for months while my parents floated on an intense high , a drug that lasted so long they often did n't have time to come down before finding an opportunity to shoot up again . 
 the squatters in the abandoned buildings were the worst off of the slum dwellers , the ones who gave every cent they had to the drug dealers and criminals who had stalled rosa 's progress . 
 i 'd forgotten most of my time squatting with my parents , but i remembered the smell and how i used to hold the blanket to my nose at night to block it while i slept . 
 callum gagged , which drew a few interested looks . 
 some of the humans blinked and stared , too high to recognize the two reboots standing in front of them . 
 but others were n't that far gone . 
 i raised my fingers to my lips , begging for silence , but it was useless . 
 a regular human was bad , but these people were worse . 
 they screamed and i was struck by the sudden impulse to pull out my gun and start shooting . 
 there were about thirty of them . 
 how long would it take to kill them all ? 
 `` we can go out that way . '' 
 callum 's voice sliced through my thoughts and i looked over at him in surprise . 
 i had almost forgotten he was there . 
 it occurred to me that he would be horrified if i started killing people . 
 he 'd give me that look , like i was a monster . 
 he had been willing to die because he refused to take a life . 
 but me , i contemplated shooting everyone . 
 `` wren , '' he said , pulling urgently on my arm . 
 i let him drag me to the front door and out into the darkness . 
 we took off in the opposite direction of the spotlight . 
 i forgot that i hated humans . 
 i had been clinical about the assignments ; that 's how we were trained . 
 but i hated them , even when i was one . 
 dirty , disgusting , violent , selfish , impulsive , and now i had to spend days-weeks-wading through them to find adina and this mythical reboot reservation . 
 i wanted to hate callum for it , but my brain immediately screamed at only me . 
 me , the one who could never get callum to follow the rules . 
 me , who could n't train him well enough to survive inside harc . 
 me , who brought him into this madness , where he was most likely going to be killed anyway . 
 bullets peppered the ground as we ran , biting at callum 's ankles and spewing blood across the dirt . 
 it slowed him down , so i pulled ahead and grabbed his arm to tug him along . 
 the houses were closer together , the night quieter as we crossed into the nicer area of the slums . 
 the bullets from above stopped and i thought maybe they had lost us . 
 but the ground crew had found us . 
 the officers , six , seven-no , nine of them , came barreling around a corner , their guns poised . 
 `` duck , '' i said , pushing his head down as they fired . 
 i left him on the ground and flew at the soldiers . 
 i recognized a couple familiar faces through their plastic masks , although the terror splashed across them was new . 
 i slammed my foot into an officer 's chest as he fired at my head , dodging the shot and knocking the gun out of his hand . 
 the others tried to grab me but i darted away , faster than their little human eyes could keep track of . 
 i lifted the gun . 
 one , two , three . 
 i shot each one in the chest , ignoring the bullets that tore through my jacket and bounced off my helmet . 
 one of the soldiers unhooked a grenade from his belt and tossed it frantically in my direction , missing by several feet . 
 callum . 
 the grenade sailed past him and hit the house just behind him . 
 he dove for the ground as the blast blew out the back of the little wooden shack , engulfing the lawn , and him , in flames . 
 the barrel of a gun pressed against my forehead . 
 the panic hit , for only a moment , and i kicked his legs as the bullet grazed my ear . 
 my fingers tightened around my gun and i fired a shot into his chest . 
 another blast rocked the ground , and i snatched a grenade off the dead officer 's belt and launched it at the men running for me . 
 one remained , and i turned to see him taking aim at callum , who was on the ground , trying to extinguish the flames lapping up his legs . 
 i fired three times , my aim messy as fear took over . 
 the final soldier fell after the third shot and i dove for callum , jumping on top of him and rolling us through the dirt . 
 i smothered the lingering flames with my hands and hopped off him , pulling him to his feet . 
 he swayed , his hands shaking as he lifted them to examine the damage . 
 his skin was red , charred in places . 
 his shirt was almost totally gone , his pants nothing but scorched threads . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 i asked , swiftly taking a glance around . 
 `` yes , '' he stammered . 
 `` i 'm - i 'm sorry , i tried to get away , but as soon as i got the first fire out they threw another one and - '' `` it 's fine , '' i said , taking his hand as gently as i could . 
 `` can you run ? '' 
 he nodded , wincing as we took off . 
 we only had to go a block ; i was headed to the closest hiding place i could think of . 
 the large square trash receptacle was piled too high , as usual , and sat not far from the brick wall of the schoolhouse . 
 i pushed the large gray container closer to the wall , gesturing for callum to get behind it . 
 my first instinct was to jump inside and bury ourselves beneath the trash , but if i were an officer , i would immediately look in every place with a lid or door that shut . 
 we were n't entirely covered behind the trash bin-they 'd be able to see us from the side , at the right angle-but it was such an open place to hide i hoped they would n't even think to look for us there . 
 i edged around and leaned against the wall next to callum , casting a worried glance in his direction . 
 i 'd never been burned to the extent he was-his arms were black in places-but i remembered the pain of lesser burns well . 
 the stinging had been impossible to totally shut out , mixing with the uncomfortable sensation of new skin stretching over the dead . 
 he held his arms away from his body and scrunched his face up in a way that made me want to gather him into my arms . 
 that would only make it worse , though . 
 i could n't look at him anymore , so i pressed my palms against my eyes and wished i 'd paid closer attention to callum 's healing time . 
 ten minutes ? 
 twenty ? 
 i squeezed my eyes shut , but when i pushed the image of callum 's pain-filled face out of my head all i saw was the drug den . 
 `` stay really still . '' 
 i took in a sharp breath as the memory came crashing down , as clear as if it had just happened . 
 `` do n't look at her . '' 
 it was my mom speaking , her putrid breath caressing my face as she whispered in my ear and locked her arm around my tummy so tight it hurt . 
 i did n't listen to her . 
 i had looked up , past the other humans huddled in fear around the den , to the face of the reboot in the center of the room . 
 she saw me staring , her light green eyes shining in the darkness . 
 `` one-thirteen . '' 
 she spoke to the other reboot and he turned . 
 she pointed at me . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` it 's a kid . '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 `` so she should n't be here , should she ? 
 look at this place . '' 
 `` that 's none of our concern . 
 we 're just here to get the assignment . '' 
 `` but - '' `` seventy-one , '' he interrupted sharply . 
 she closed her mouth , turning to look at me sadly as she left . 
 i 'd stared even after she was gone , wishing i could follow her . 
 my mom must have noticed , because she pushed me off her lap , her face angry and disgusted . 
 my heart beat strangely from the memory , the faces of my parents flooding my mind . 
 my mom had been blond , like me , although her hair was darker from the dirt and grease . 
 my dad had big bushy eyebrows that were constantly knitted together in sadness or deep thought . 
 i clenched my hands against my helmet , willing the images out . 
 i hated it here . 
 i did n't want to remember these things . 
 i did n't want to go to austin . 
 the pain that hit my chest was so intense that for a moment i thought someone had shot me . 
 `` wren . '' 
 callum 's voice jolted me out of my thoughts and i looked up to see his adorable worried face . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 he asked . 
 his skin had n't healed everywhere yet ; i could see wounds closing and turning pink in front of my eyes . 
 but he looked so much better that i was struck by a wild urge to throw my arms around his neck . 
 `` yes . 
 are you ? '' 
 callum turned and pressed his body against mine , placing his palms flat against the wall behind me . 
 i mashed myself into the brick , taken aback by his sudden closeness . 
 `` how did you do it ? '' 
 he asked , eyes twinkling as he smiled at me . 
 `` how did you get leb to help ? '' 
 `` i went on a solo mission with leb , and i captured this human who said they were helping reboots escape . 
 sending them to some reboot reservation . 
 i made a deal . '' 
 `` something about his daughter ? '' 
 `` i had to promise to go rescue her . 
 she 's a reboot in austin . '' 
 my words came out strained , breathless . 
 i could n't speak right with his body so close to mine . 
 `` what is this reboot reservation ? 
 reboots are really just living there ? 
 free ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i doubt it , to be honest . '' 
 `` so we get adina , meet these humans , and then go to this reservation ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` where are we going to go if it 's not there ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' i said , the panic gripping my chest again . 
 `` i did n't think about it . 
 i was just ... '' i stopped , hoping i would n't have to finish the sentence . 
 but he only raised his eyebrows in question . 
 `` i did n't want you to die . '' 
 he slipped his hands over my cheeks and tilted my face up so i had no choice but to stare into his dark eyes . 
 i 'd thought he could n't get any closer , but he leaned in and my body folded into his . 
 his chest rose and fell against mine and i let my hands rest on it . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i blinked , not expecting gratitude . 
 not sure if i deserved it . 
 i did n't know what to say in response , but he was n't looking at me like he expected one . 
 he had to give his helmet a little shove and dip his head down to kiss me , but i did n't believe he was actually going to do it until i felt his lips gently press against mine . 
 my body jolted in surprise and i felt him smile against my lips . 
 and i was totally gone . 
 my toes needed no urging this time . 
 i rose up on them as far as i could go and wrapped my arms around his neck . 
 he dropped his hands to my waist and hugged me against his body . 
 it was n't how i had thought it would be . 
 kissing had sort of puzzled me . 
 as a human i had thought it seemed dangerous-an easy way to spread germs . 
 as a reboot it had confused me . 
 i was n't entirely sure why people liked doing it . 
 now i was only confused as to why a person would want to kiss anyone but callum . 
 when he lifted his head from mine i almost pulled it back down again , but he smiled and i did n't want to miss that . 
 `` i told you you liked me . '' 
 i laughed and utter delight danced across his face , like he had n't been sure that statement was true . 
 he stepped away and pulled what was left of his shirt over his head . 
 he unhooked his helmet , carefully placed it on the ground , and studied his pants , which were more like shorts with a few strands of fabric . 
 i could see his black underwear poking through . 
 he plopped onto the ground and i slid down the wall next to him . 
 my brain wanted to continue running but my legs were limp and wobbly suddenly . 
 `` that really hurts , by the way , '' he said , holding his arm out to look at his new skin . 
 `` have you ever been burned ? '' 
 `` not like that , '' i said quietly , my voice shaking . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 he asked , scooting closer to me . 
 `` were you worried about me ? '' 
 i crossed my arms over my chest and mock frowned at him in response , which made him smile wider . 
 he reached for me and i felt a blush cross my face . 
 `` callum , you 're in your underwear . '' 
 `` i have pants on . 
 sort of . '' 
 he reached for me again , his eyebrows furrowing when he took one of my hands in his . 
 `` you 're cold . 
 come here . '' 
 `` are n't you cold ? '' 
 i asked as he pulled me into his lap and i wrapped my arms around his bare shoulders . 
 `` no . 
 it 's not cold . '' 
 i thought he was going to kiss me , but instead he leaned forward and buried his head in my neck , his lips gently pressing against a spot that made my stomach do a happy dance . 
 `` you smell so good , '' he mumbled , kissing my neck again . 
 `` no , i do n't , '' i said , trying to move away in embarrassment . 
 `` i smell like death . '' 
 `` you 're crazy , '' he said with a chuckle , holding me tighter . 
 `` you 're not dead . 
 you do n't smell like death . '' 
 `` i was dead a long time . '' 
 `` and now you 're not . 
 hence the alive smell . '' 
 he lifted his head and pressed his lips to mine . 
 i meant to push him away with more force , but my body did n't actually want him to go anywhere . 
 his lips left mine only by about an inch . 
 `` we should n't stay here too long , '' i said . 
 `` why not ? 
 it 's so cozy . 
 the fresh night air , mixed with the perfume of rotting trash . 
 it 's beautiful . '' 
 `` they 'll be - '' i stopped as i heard the sounds of footsteps approaching . 
 `` no visual , '' i heard an officer say . 
 `` nine dead , could n't have been long ago . '' 
 callum looked at me in surprise at the number and i focused on the ground , afraid of seeing disgust in his eyes . 
 `` get ready to run , '' i whispered in his ear . 
 `` check in there , '' an officer yelled . 
 footsteps crunched on gravel in our direction and i held my breath , afraid to move even an inch . 
 the lid to the trash bin banged open , hitting the side of the schoolhouse above our heads . 
 trash rustled as the officer dug around inside . 
 `` all clear , '' he yelled . 
 the footsteps faded , the yells from the other officers disappearing in the distance . 
 callum grinned , bouncing me in his arms until i cracked a smile . 
 `` why am i not surprised you picked a good hiding spot ? '' 
 `` we got lucky , '' i said , unhooking my helmet and setting it on the ground . 
 `` i would n't look too hard for us , if i were them . 
 not if they know it 's you they 're up against . '' 
 `` i ... um ... those nine guards ... '' i cleared my throat . 
 i wanted to ask if he was horrified that i 'd killed all those humans , but he did n't look horrified . 
 i did n't want to bring it to his attention that perhaps i was a monster , and not someone he should be kissing . 
 `` i know , '' he said quietly . 
 `` you had to save us . '' 
 i gave him a relieved smile , letting out a slow breath . 
 maybe , if i 'd tried harder , i could have just injured a few . 
 i decided not to point that out to him . 
 `` i want to do something while we 're in austin , '' he said , giving me his big eyes . 
 `` i want to go see my family . '' 
 i immediately shook my head . 
 `` no . 
 that 's not a good idea . '' 
 `` but we have to go anyway , right ? 
 to get adina ? '' 
 `` yes , but - '' `` i just want to see them . 
 tell them i 'm okay . '' 
 `` they wo n't ... '' i could n't say it . 
 i could n't tell him they would n't want to see him . 
 that they would consider their son dead , and this boy only an illusion who looked similar . 
 `` they 'll want to see me , '' he said in response to my unspoken words . 
 `` i know harc says we ca n't have contact with our families , but they do n't know my parents . 
 and my brother , david ... '' he rubbed his hand over his short , dark hair . 
 `` we were actually sort of close . 
 i think he 'd want to see me . '' 
 i did n't know his parents , either , but i could guess their reaction if a monster who looked like their son showed up on their doorstep . 
 `` how old is your brother ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` thirteen . '' 
 `` he did n't get sick when you did ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` no , he was fine when i died . '' 
 a thirteen-year-old would probably be more accepting of a reboot than an adult , given that it could still happen to him at any time . 
 still , with his parents there i did n't see that going well . 
 `` i do n't think you should go . '' 
 `` i have to , '' he said , pushing an escaped strand of hair behind my ear . 
 `` and i 'd prefer it if you came with me . '' 
 i sighed . 
 he 'd go whether i came or not . 
 `` you know i 'd probably get killed in under an hour without you , '' he said . 
 `` with the way things are going , i 'd be shocked if we even make it out of rosa . '' 
 `` you just took down nine officers by yourself . 
 i think we 'll be fine . '' 
 he inched back against the wall , wrapping his arm tightly around my waist when i started to scoot away . 
 `` are we going to try to leave rosa tonight ? '' 
 `` i think tomorrow night will be better , do n't you ? 
 they 're all on high alert and they 'll be expecting us to try to break out now . '' 
 he nodded in agreement . 
 `` we should stay here awhile . 
 they probably wo n't check this area again . '' 
 `` hopefully , '' i said , sliding off his lap and settling next to him . 
 he slid his hand into mine and leaned over to press a soft kiss onto my cheek . 
 i shifted a little closer , until his warm arm rubbed against mine , and lowered my gaze to hide the goofy smile spreading across my face . 
 twenty-one `` wren . '' 
 the soft voice made me stir , and i winced at the pain that shot through my neck . 
 i was leaning against something , my cheek pressed against a lovely warm and solid object , and i forced my eyelids open . 
 my head was on callum 's shoulder . 
 i 'd fallen asleep . 
 i took in a surprised breath and jerked into a sitting position , swinging around to see if we were safe . 
 the streets were deserted , bright with early morning light . 
 `` i thought you might want to move before everyone starts getting up , '' callum said , a smile tugging at the edge of his mouth . 
 `` i fell asleep ? '' 
 i asked stupidly . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 i could n't believe i 'd passed out . 
 for hours . 
 anyone could have snuck up on us . 
 `` it 's okay , '' callum said , stretching . 
 `` i stayed awake and kept watch . 
 plus you look all cute and nonlethal when you sleep . '' 
 a blush crept up my cheeks and he leaned forward to kiss me , making me blush more deeply . 
 `` um , yes , '' i said when he pulled away . 
 `` we should probably move before the streets get too crowded . '' 
 i was n't sure of the best place to hide , but we did need to get to the other side of town , closer to the fence at the city line . 
 `` should we try to get me some clothes ? '' 
 callum asked as he reached for his helmet and strapped it on . 
 `` i do n't really mind being in my underwear and shorty shorts , but this might attract unwanted attention . '' 
 `` maybe , '' i said , holding back a grin . 
 i glanced around and stood up to slowly peek into the open waste bin . 
 `` are you really looking for clothes in the trash ? '' 
 i held up a dirty paper bag . 
 `` we could make holes in this . '' 
 `` i think my wearing a paper-bag dress will actually attract more stares , '' he said dryly . 
 i tossed it back and reached for my helmet , glancing around . 
 i could n't see any humans , but i could hear the shuffle of a few of them nearby . 
 we would need food eventually-my stomach was feeling a little empty-but my first concern was getting across the city before it got too crowded . 
 `` no one has come over here recently ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no . 
 i 've heard officers occasionally , but not for a couple hours . '' 
 `` thanks , '' i said , leaning back against the wall and smiling at him . 
 `` for keeping watch . '' 
 he brushed his fingers against my hair , running them down the ponytail . 
 `` of course . 
 you can sleep on me any time you want . '' 
 his eyes were soft , different than i 'd ever seen them , and i wanted to crawl into his lap immediately and take him up on that offer . 
 when he leaned forward to kiss me i let him , just for a moment . 
 i pulled away and took a quick glance around , strapping my helmet on as i jumped up . 
 `` time for our morning run , '' i said . 
 `` maybe we can get to the other side of town without being spotted . '' 
 he nodded as he got to his feet , and i wrapped my fingers around his wrist as we sprinted out from behind the trash bin and took off down the alleyway . 
 we hit the dirt road and i let go of callum to pump my arms as we cut away from the center of town , to the tents and the worst of the slums . 
 my feet pounded the dirt , and i glanced over at callum to see if he was okay . 
 he was gone . 
 i skidded to a stop , my breath coming in big gasps as i frantically whipped my head around . 
 i took off back in the direction of the school , flying around the corner again . 
 there was nothing . 
 not even a human . 
 clothes flapped on the line in the backyard of a house next to me and i jogged away from the noise , straining to listen for a sign of him . 
 panic surged up my chest with such force that i clapped my hand over my mouth to keep from screaming his name . 
 giving away my location was not the smart thing to do . 
 i closed my eyes and listened . 
 i could hear people running , a few shouts , but nothing that sounded like callum . 
 but humans shouting and running could n't be good , especially with a reboot on the loose . 
 i sprinted in the direction of the shouts , coming to a quick stop at the corner of a building when i realized it was harc officers yelling orders at one another . 
 i could n't see them but they were close , no more than a block or two away . 
 what if they 'd already found him ? 
 what would i do if i could n't find him ? 
 just head to austin without him and hope he made it by himself ? 
 the idea was so ridiculous i almost laughed . 
 i turned down a random street and broke into a run . 
 i never would have escaped without him . 
 i would have stayed in my little white cell , happily , numbly , until i died . 
 i was n't going anywhere without callum . 
 i stopped in my tracks , all thoughts of staying hidden and safe flying from my brain . 
 i screamed his name so loudly my throat ached in protest . 
 but i yelled again , listening desperately for a response . 
 `` wren ! '' 
 the distant yell came from back toward the schoolhouse , and i took off at top speed , ignoring the gawking humans wandering out of their houses . 
 i recognized the sounds as i passed the schoolhouse and headed for the center of town . 
 the hysteria , the angry shouts . 
 i 'd heard it before , when humans had caught themselves a reboot . 
 i rounded a corner and spotted callum running toward me as fast as he could . 
 his battered pants flapped as he sprinted , his knees and thighs exposed and bloodied . 
 behind him was a horde of angry townspeople . 
 there were about fifteen of them , most of them without weapons , but they were being joined on all sides as humans ran out of their houses to see what the fuss was about . 
 it was n't often they got to face a reboot without harc 's protection , and clearly they wanted to take advantage of it . 
 they kicked up dirt as they ran , and the air was full of it , obscuring their faces and making some of them cough . 
 callum had already taken a beating . 
 his face was bruised , one of his arms bent at a funny angle , and i barreled toward him . 
 a boy about our age caught his uninjured arm and yanked him to the ground , but callum kicked him in the chest so hard he flew to the other side of the road . 
 if i had n't been focused on getting him to safety i might have smiled in pride at how quickly he reacted . 
 he scrambled to his feet , fending off a woman trying to bash his head with a baseball bat . 
 relief flooded his eyes as i surged forward and caught the bat , snatching it out of her grasp and tossing it as far as i could . 
 a hand clamped down on my shoulder and i heard gasps from several humans as i landed flat on my back . 
 they all grabbed for me , yelling things that i could n't understand . 
 a hand went for my neck and i snapped it , my eyes burning into the man 's . 
 i kicked and grabbed the gun from my pants , their greedy little hands all trying to get to it so they could put a bullet in our brains . 
 callum shoved aside a man directly in front of me and pulled me to my feet , dragging me out of their grasp . 
 i whirled around , pointing the gun in their direction . 
 a few backed off , hands raised in surrender , but most kept right on coming . 
 i only had a few bullets left , so i fired one shot into the leg of the human who looked the fastest and took off in the opposite direction with callum . 
 `` you 're monsters ! '' 
 i heard a woman scream . 
 `` you 're soulless monsters ! '' 
 the humans were tiring , falling farther and farther behind as their inferior lungs and legs gave out . 
 we flew down the streets , over the dirt roads , into the ugliest part of town . 
 as we approached the old medical building i glanced behind us again and realized we had lost them for good . 
 i came to a stop next to the one-story building and pressed my hands against my thighs as i gasped for air . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' callum said , leaning against the building as his chest heaved up and down . 
 `` i should have ... '' he shook his head with a little shrug . 
 i looked up at him , the anxiety from earlier setting in even though he was standing in front of me . 
 i tried to hide my fear , to push back the sick feeling that kept resurfacing as it hit me that i 'd come very close to losing him , but i must have failed , because he gave me a questioning , confused look . 
 i dropped my eyes from his . 
 i did n't know how to put the sentence together , to tell him that i had been terrified of something happening to him . 
 it sounded pathetic in my head . 
 it would sound worse out loud . 
 i cleared my throat . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` a couple guys grabbed me . 
 i tried to yell , but they had me by the head . 
 they dragged me to an alley so ... '' he frowned at me . 
 `` so they could all get a hit in , i guess ? 
 they really hate us , huh ? '' 
 i hesitated , then nodded , because it was the truth . 
 he lowered his eyes in disappointment . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said quietly . 
 `` it 's my fault . 
 i 've worked this area a long time . 
 they despise me . 
 they probably wanted me . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` it 's not your fault . '' 
 he reached up , rubbing his hand against his head . 
 `` but they took my helmet . '' 
 i had n't even realized it ; i was so distracted by my ridiculous feelings . 
 there was no point in disguising my horror . 
 `` yeah , it 's not good , '' he said with a sigh . 
 it was definitely not good . 
 the officers would aim for his head and there would be nothing to block their bullets . 
 `` do you know where they took it off ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` when we got to the center of town , i think . '' 
 i glanced back , like i might actually be able to see it from here . 
 `` you ca n't go back , '' he protested . 
 the alarm sounded , proving him right . 
 the roaring of shuttles approaching filled the air and i shoved the gun in my pocket , and pressed myself against the side of the building with callum . 
 `` what should we do ? '' 
 he asked , looking up at the sky . 
 `` shhh . '' 
 the shushing noise came from inside the building , followed by a sniffle , and callum and i spun around . 
 the wood was old , the white paint peeling everywhere , and i caught movement inside through the cracks . 
 i leaned closer and someone gasped . 
 the door next to me swung open and i jumped away from the little girl who appeared . 
 she blinked at me with tired eyes , squinting in the sunlight . 
 `` grace ! '' 
 a terrified voice called , but the little girl just stood there , looking up at me . 
 a messy-haired teenager ran to the door and scooped grace up in her arms . 
 `` we did n't do anything , '' she said , backing away as she hugged the girl to her chest . 
 `` we 're not here for you , '' callum said , his voice edging on annoyed . 
 her eyes lifted to the shuttles in the sky , then dropped back to us . 
 `` you ca n't stay here . '' 
 i looked out at the open space in front of us . 
 the patchy grass led to a small clump of trees several yards away , but they were skinny and missing half their leaves . 
 they would n't provide any cover , and we were sure to be spotted if we spent too much time out in the open . 
 `` did you escape ? '' 
 she asked . 
 neither of us responded and i felt a twinge of pride that callum did n't trust this human . 
 `` you ca n't stay here , '' she repeated . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i know you ... ca n't help it '' - she gestured to us - `` but you have to go . '' 
 she pointed to the left . 
 `` there 's a ditch over there . 
 it 's kind of covered by some trees . 
 you could try hiding there . '' 
 i looked at her in surprise as callum tugged on my arm . 
 `` come on , '' he said , studying the sky . 
 `` we have an opening . '' 
 i let him pull me , glancing back at the teenager . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 good luck . '' 
 i took off in a slow run behind callum , one eye on the shuttles . 
 they were scattered in other areas , but one was facing partly in our direction . 
 i sprinted across the grass to the patch of trees , praying they had n't spotted us . 
 the small hole looked like someone had started digging a grave and changed their mind about halfway through . 
 it was n't very deep , but it might do . 
 callum jumped in and i followed , sliding down the dirt . 
 the ditch was n't big enough to stretch out so i pulled my legs to my chest . 
 i pressed my face into my knees as a shuttle whirred closer , willing them to keep going . 
 if they saw us we were dead . 
 one helmet , wide-open space , and a gun with only a few bullets left . 
 the shuttle landed with a thunk and i tried to fight back the rising sense of dread . 
 `` did i say thank you ? '' 
 callum whispered . 
 `` for getting me out ? 
 if we die i just want to say thank you . '' 
 i pressed my lips together and stared at the ground . 
 you 're welcome seemed a stupid thing to say since we might be seconds from death . 
 i 'm sorry might be more appropriate . 
 boots crunched on the grass , saving me from having to speak at all . 
 `` that building 's deserted , '' a harc officer said . 
 `` check it out in case they 're hiding inside . '' 
 i let out a long sigh as i realized they had n't seen us run to the ditch . 
 `` there 's just some kids in there , '' another voice answered . 
 `` they said they had n't seen anything . '' 
 `` what are they doing in there ? '' 
 `` living there , from the looks of it . '' 
 `` all right , pack 'em up . 
 we 'll drop them at the orphanage on the way back . '' 
 i closed my eyes , a weight settling on my chest . 
 there were few places worse in the slums than the orphanage . 
 i had made elaborate plans as a kid to avoid it at all costs in the event of my parents ' death . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i heard the shrill scream . 
 `` we 're fine ! 
 you ca n't ! '' 
 i clenched my hand around a fistful of dirt , pushing back the odd urge to jump out of the hole and help them . 
 the yelling continued for a long time , while the officers combed the area . 
 i wanted to press my hands against my ears like i did when i was little , but i was afraid it would look weird and pathetic to callum . 
 when they piled into the shuttle and took off i breathed a sigh of relief more for the end of the screaming than for my own safety . 
 callum leaned his head back against the dirt , giving me a tentative smile . 
 `` you all right ? 
 you looked really intense there for a while . '' 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 i stood up and peeked out of the hole . 
 it was quiet and deserted , the door to the medical building swinging open in the wind . 
 only one shuttle remained in the air , about half a mile away . 
 the others must have landed around rosa . 
 `` i need to get you a helmet , '' i said . 
 `` what ? 
 no . 
 we should stay here . 
 we 're probably safe here until tonight . '' 
 `` and then we have to get over the fence at the city line , where there will be armed guards . 
 the chances of us making it across are pretty slim with helmets . 
 without ... '' `` what are you going to do ? 
 go back into town and look for it ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i think i have a better shot at taking one of the officers ' . '' 
 he moaned . 
 `` that plan sounds worse . '' 
 `` you should stay here , '' i said . 
 i did n't want to take the chance of losing him again , and he was right . 
 we 'd found a pretty safe spot . 
 `` i do n't think you 're actually listening to me , '' he said with a hint of amusement . 
 `` i 'm listening ; i 'm just not responding . '' 
 he shook his head , a smile twitching at his lips . 
 `` fine . 
 i 'll stay here . 
 try not to die . '' 
 `` if you have to move for any reason , come back as soon as you can . 
 i 'll wait here for you . '' 
 `` and if you do n't come back ? '' 
 i paused , not sure . 
 `` i 'll come back . '' 
 `` excellent plan b. '' he laughed , running a shaky hand over his face . 
 i frowned and he looked at me curiously . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` why are you shaking ? '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 he glanced down at himself . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 maybe i 'm hungry . '' 
 i dropped my eyes to his other hand , shaking in his lap . 
 panic swelled in my chest so suddenly i turned away so he could n't see my face . 
 shaking . 
 like ever . 
 i took a deep breath , determined not to freak him out . 
 it could just be hunger . 
 he 'd been at harc only a few weeks . 
 they probably would n't have started him on the shots yet . 
 they could n't have . 
 `` i 'll try to get some food , '' i said , digging my fingers into the dirt to hoist myself out of the hole . 
 `` do n't worry about it ; i 'm fine . '' 
 i swung my legs over and got to my feet , turning to face him . 
 he looked small , his bare chest dirty and bloodied , the skin of his long legs peeking through his torn pants in weird places . 
 `` maybe i can get you some clothes as well . '' 
 `` sure . 
 grab me a book , too , while you 're out . 
 something funny . '' 
 i thought he was serious , until a grin spread across his face . 
 `` just come back , okay ? 
 i do n't need anything else . '' 
 i smiled and nodded , letting out a whoosh of air as i turned my gaze back the way we 'd come . 
 all the humans would be on the lookout for reboots now . 
 i looked down at my clothes . 
 even the ones who had n't seen me would immediately recognize the all-black clothing as reboot attire . 
 i pulled my shirt over my head , turning away from callum as i made sure my white undershirt covered my chest . 
 it did . 
 i passed the shirt down to him , took my helmet off , and removed my hair band , shaking my hair out in front of my eyes . 
 `` are you doing a striptease first ? 
 i 'm on board with that . '' 
 callum smiled up at me . 
 `` i 'm trying to blend in . 
 do i look human at all ? '' 
 `` just keep your eyes covered . 
 that 's really the only difference between us and them . '' 
 it was n't , but i nodded anyway and pulled my gun out of my pants , leaning down to hand it to him . 
 `` only use that if you have to . 
 there are n't many bullets left . '' 
 `` maybe you should keep it . '' 
 i shook my head , stepping back from him as he tried to hand it to me . 
 `` at least fire it if you 're in trouble , okay ? '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` and put my helmet on , '' i said , tossing it to him . 
 `` no , you should take it . 
 it 's too small anyway . '' 
 `` it 's fine . 
 i ca n't wear it without drawing attention . '' 
 i nodded as he strapped it on . 
 it sat too high on his head , but it would work well enough . 
 i took a few steps , making an effort to slow down and add a bounce to my step . 
 humans were more clumsy , disjointed , and haphazard , but i had to make an effort to conceal my stride . 
 i glanced back at callum and tried to return his smile . 
 sucking in a deep breath , i faced forward , head down . 
 i turned onto the paved street that separated the slums , ducking my head farther even though i did n't see any humans . 
 the houses grew sturdier and bigger as i headed back to the center of town . 
 i 'd grabbed assignments out of several houses on this street . 
 it was slightly less depressing during the day . 
 i 'd always thought of all the houses in rosa as ugly crap piles , but they looked almost cute in the sunlight . 
 they were mostly identical , little two-bedrooms with a tiny window in front , but a few of them had flowers in the yard or a garden off to the side . 
 i 'd never noticed the gardens before . 
 footsteps sounded on the pavement behind me , and i took a swift look back . 
 it was just an old guy , swinging a bag as he walked . 
 i quickened my pace , my feet barely skimming the sidewalk until i remembered that would attract more attention . 
 i slowed and shoved my hands in my pockets , letting my shoulders rise up to my ears . 
 `` you look like a monkey when you do that . '' 
 my mother 's laughing voice filled my head . 
 `` stand up straight , wren . 
 lift that pretty face . 
 i do n't know where you got that face from , darlin ' , but you do n't need to be hidin ' it . '' 
 i closed my eyes as the old man passed me , my mother 's face filling the darkness . 
 she 'd been right ; she was n't pretty . 
 she was gaunt even before she slipped fully into her addiction , never possessing the full cheeks or round hips that earned other women appreciative looks . 
 i hit a cross street and glanced to my left . 
 humans scurried past , probably headed for their homes . 
 two officers appeared from behind a building , guns ready . 
 i darted to the other side of the brick building , peeking around to see the officers slowly surveying the street . 
 my hand instinctively went to my head to make sure my helmet was straight , but touched only my hair . 
 right . 
 i left it with callum . 
 one good shot from the officers and he 'd be waiting forever . 
 i should have told him to go without me if i did n't come back . 
 maybe he would anyway . 
 an odd nervous flutter crept into my chest , and i tried to push it down with a deep breath . 
 so i did n't have a helmet . 
 i was still stronger and faster than these humans . 
 i could take them down before they got a shot off . 
 i heard someone approaching and i took a deep breath before turning to look straight into the woman 's eyes . 
 her mouth formed an o as she backed away , and for a moment i was worried she would n't scream . 
 but of course she did . 
 i raced to the other side of the building , pausing long enough to let the officers see where i was going . 
 the woman took off as they pursued me . 
 i leaped out just as they rounded the corner , aiming my foot for the shorter officer 's neck . 
 the other one lifted his gun and i slammed two punches into his face before he could pull the trigger . 
 he hit the ground next to the other human with a grunt . 
 i leaned down , my fingers poised to snap his neck , when he held his hands up in surrender and frantically shook his head . 
 i paused , glancing at the other officer wheezing on his knees . 
 i should kill them anyway . 
 surrender should n't mean anything . 
 i reached for his neck again , but stopped when he squeezed his eyes shut and looked away . 
 it did n't feel right with him just lying there like that . 
 i grabbed his chinstrap instead and unsnapped his helmet , yanking it off his head . 
 i tucked it under my arm and grabbed their guns off the ground . 
 `` please , '' he said quietly . 
 i frowned and straightened , shoving the guns into the back of my pants . 
 `` give me your shirt . '' 
 he looked at me strangely but unbuttoned his black shirt and held it out to me . 
 i backed away slowly , my eyes fixed on them , but neither made a move to follow me . 
 i regretted my decision as soon as i disappeared behind the building and broke into a run . 
 i should have killed them . 
 they were probably on their coms now , telling the other officers my exact location . 
 i ran another block and crouched down against the side of a house , listening for the sounds of officers coming . 
 nothing . 
 if anything , it was quieter , as if the humans had all locked themselves away in their houses . 
 i straightened my legs and lifted my nose , searching for one more thing before i went back to callum . 
 food . 
 i did n't want to risk returning to the shops at the center of town . 
 stealing from one of the houses was probably the best bet . 
 i pressed my ear to the house right next to me , but i could hear voices inside . 
 i scurried across the lawn to the next one , and the next one , listening for silence . 
 the fourth house was quiet . 
 i walked around back and leaned in to listen again , but still nothing . 
 i yanked on the back door until the lock broke and it swung open . 
 the tiny kitchen was deserted , but a loaf of bread sat on the wooden counter . 
 i snatched it and checked the refrigerator , but there was no meat . 
 i should have expected that . 
 most people in rosa considered it a frivolous expense . 
 `` looking for somethin' ? '' 
 i jumped , pushing the door closed and aiming my gun at the young woman in front of me . 
 her eyes met mine calmly as i backed toward the door . 
 `` do n't scream , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm just going to take this and go . '' 
 i hugged the bread to my chest . 
 she held her hands up . 
 `` i 'm not screamin ' . 
 but - '' i gestured for her to be quiet as the sounds of yelling and running drifted in from outside . 
 officers shouted orders at one another and i gripped the gun tighter , my eyes searching her face for a sign i should wrap my hands around her neck to stifle a scream . 
 she just stared at me . 
 the voices faded and i peeked out the door to see them scattering in all directions . 
 i turned back to the woman . 
 `` will you keep quiet for a few minutes ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` will you leave me half that loaf ? 
 my kid will be hungry when he gets home from school . 
 there 's not much else . 
 you may have noticed . '' 
 i lowered my gun , uncomfortable under her gaze . 
 i was n't used to humans looking into my eyes , and her light eyes were locked on mine . 
 the guilt that pressed down on my chest was the worst i had ever felt , and i let out a sigh and put the loaf on the counter . 
 i would have been thrilled to come home from school to find a loaf of bread on the counter . 
 although i think i was thrilled by any food at all as a kid . 
 the woman took a knife out of the drawer and held it over the bread , until i shook my head . 
 `` it 's fine , '' i said , pushing the door open . 
 `` get your lock fixed ; i broke it . '' 
 she stared at me again , her face impossible to read . 
 there was n't a trace of fear , or hostility , or anything , really . 
 she just stared . 
 i turned to leave , tucking the gun in my pants . 
 `` kid , wait , '' she said . 
 she sliced off a generous piece of bread , wrapped it in a cloth , and handed it to me . 
 i slowly took it , holding it out for a moment to give her the opportunity to change her mind , but she did n't . 
 `` thank you , '' i said . 
 `` you 're welcome . '' 
 twenty-two callum looked up at me from the hole , relief and joy spreading across his face . 
 he had one arm wrapped around his knees , my helmet sitting in the dirt beside him . 
 i was so happy to see him i did n't even bother to point out he should have been wearing it . 
 `` you got it , '' he said , looking at the helmet tucked under my arm with genuine surprise . 
 `` yes . '' 
 i jumped into the hole and handed it to him . 
 `` i took his shirt , too . 
 hopefully it does n't stink . '' 
 he brought it up to his nose . 
 `` nah , it 's fine . '' 
 i held the bread out to him . 
 `` this is for you , too . '' 
 he unwrapped it and looked at me in amazement . 
 `` seriously ? 
 you 're scary good sometimes . '' 
 `` you can have it all ; i 'm not hungry , '' i lied . 
 he frowned at me as he set it on the ground . 
 `` do n't be ridiculous . 
 we have n't eaten since last night . '' 
 he put his arms through the shirt , leaving it unbuttoned as he split the bread in half and offered part to me . 
 `` you take it ; i 'm fine for now , '' i said as i slid down to the ground . 
 `` wren . 
 eat it . 
 i am actually a little tough , you know . 
 you do n't have to take care of me . '' 
 the edge in his voice made me pause . 
 `` i did n't mean - '' he cut me off with a kiss , which i returned , relieved i did n't have to finish that sentence . 
 he pressed the bread into my palm and i took it , smiling at him as he pulled away . 
 `` where 'd you get it ? '' 
 he asked as he took a bite . 
 `` just some house , '' i mumbled . 
 `` do you want to sleep for a while ? 
 i 'll keep watch . '' 
 `` nah , i 'm not tired , '' he said , finishing his bread . 
 `` but you did n't sleep at all last night . '' 
 `` i do n't sleep all the time . 
 i just ca n't . '' 
 `` ever did n't sleep much , '' i said , running my fingers through the dirt . 
 `` is that common with the under-sixties ? '' 
 `` yeah , that 's what i heard . 
 i was sleeping more the last week or so , but i feel all awake again . '' 
 `` do you feel okay ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i feel fine . 
 they gave ever the shots , did n't they ? 
 the ones that make us crazy . '' 
 i nodded , keeping my gaze on the dirt . 
 `` what if ... '' i looked up to see his face worried , anxious . 
 `` what if they gave them to you ? '' 
 i guessed . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` they did n't , that you know of ? '' 
 `` no . 
 but my roommate and i did n't talk much . 
 i do n't think he would have told me . '' 
 `` you feel all right , though ? '' 
 `` yes , except ... '' he looked down at his shaking hands . 
 `` you 're probably just hungry . 
 you never ate enough . 
 and tired . 
 you should try to sleep . '' 
 `` i guess . 
 but if it 's not just that ? 
 then what ? '' 
 `` you 're out now , '' i said with a confidence i did n't feel . 
 `` they could n't have even given you that many shots . 
 they 'll probably just wear off . '' 
 he nodded , leaning back against the dirt . 
 `` yeah . 
 i 'm sure it 's fine . 
 i was n't there that long . '' 
 he was trying to convince himself more than me , but i smiled and nodded . 
 `` exactly . '' 
 `` i 'll try and sleep , '' he said , closing his eyes . 
 he cracked one open and held his arm out to me . 
 `` want to come closer ? '' 
 `` i ca n't . 
 one of us has to stay up and keep watch . '' 
 `` one cuddle . 
 maybe two . 
 fifteen , max . '' 
 `` callum , '' i said with a laugh . 
 `` go to sleep . '' 
 `` all right , '' he said with an exaggerated sigh , a smile twitching his lips . 
 when i poked my head out of the hole hours later , the night looked deceptively calm . 
 a soft breeze blew across the field , rustling the few leaves left on the trees . 
 it felt so nice i had a brief , wild thought of just lying back down beneath the trees with callum . 
 he popped up next to me , glancing around . 
 he had tried to sleep , or pretended to try , for quite a while , until he finally gave up and stared at the side of the ditch . 
 it reminded me of ever so much it became difficult to breathe . 
 it felt like someone was standing on my chest . 
 i held the map out in front of us , pointing to the area where leb had indicated we should make our escape . 
 `` we 'll run through here , '' i said , tracing the route with my finger . 
 `` i 'm hoping we can get pretty close to the fence before the guards spot us . 
 from there we 'll head into the trees and go north until we lose the humans . 
 then we 'll turn and go south . '' 
 callum nodded . 
 `` got it . '' 
 i pulled myself out of the hole and callum did the same . 
 the lights of the slums were ablaze as harc officers continued to scour for us , but it was dark in the field . 
 i started in the direction of the city line and callum followed . 
 he took my hand as we walked , lacing his fingers through mine . 
 we were a little slower than usual . 
 my feet felt heavy and my stomach was growling for food . 
 i was almost tempted to stop and find something , but i did n't want to risk drawing harc officers out this way again . 
 we needed to get as close to the city line as possible without being noticed . 
 callum seemed in better shape . 
 he had n't mentioned being hungry , and when he glanced down at me he looked steady and calm . 
 `` do you know who shot you and your parents ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` no . 
 it does n't matter anyway . '' 
 he paused , glancing over at me . 
 `` do you miss your mom and dad ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 it was the only way to truthfully answer the question . 
 `` you do n't know ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i do n't . 
 i do n't remember much of them , and what i do is n't great . 
 but sometimes i feel ... weird . '' 
 `` weird like sad ? '' 
 `` i guess . '' 
 `` you would n't want to see them again if you could ? '' 
 `` callum , you 'll never get me to say that 's a good idea . 
 and no . 
 i would n't want to see them again . '' 
 he was quiet for a few minutes as we made our way through the neighborhood , staying close to the backs of houses as we got closer to the city line . 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` as a human ? '' 
 `` i was twelve . 
 i went to school and worked . '' 
 `` where did you work ? '' 
 `` a pub . 
 washing dishes . 
 a lot of kids wanted the job but they liked how small i was . 
 i did n't take up much space . '' 
 `` there were n't age rules for working in the slums ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` no . 
 if you could do the job you could apply . 
 they have age rules in the rico ? '' 
 `` sixteen . 
 after graduation . 
 the wealthy ones go on to trade school ; the rest of us start working . '' 
 i looked at him in surprise . 
 `` i thought you all went to trade school . '' 
 `` nope . 
 too expensive . '' 
 `` what did you do , then ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i worked the fields . '' 
 he laughed at the stunned expression on my face . 
 `` what ? 
 someone has to do it . '' 
 `` well , yeah , but ... i did n't think it was the rico folks . '' 
 `` who else ? '' 
 he said with a shrug . 
 `` they wo n't bring in workers from the slums for the food crops because of the risk of disease . 
 they do n't want reboots touching their food . 
 harc tried to bring them in a while back and people protested . 
 they 're terrified of us . '' 
 `` they should be . '' 
 the lights at the edge of town appeared and i stopped and checked the map . 
 the houses had thinned out and then disappeared completely . 
 there was n't much on the south side of rosa . 
 harc was to the west , the worst part of the slums to the east . 
 the trees were scarcer as well , leaving nothing but flat dirt dotted with grass in front of us . 
 harc had no doubt cleared it out so there would be no way to sneak out of the city . 
 the whole area was lit up brighter than daylight . 
 `` leb did n't give us an area with much cover , '' i said , ducking behind a tree and gesturing for callum to follow . 
 `` i doubt any section has cover , '' callum said . 
 he moved closer to me until both our bodies were hidden behind the tree trunk . 
 he was probably right , unfortunately . 
 leb had drawn the star directly in between two of the tall metal watchtowers , which he must have thought was the safest route . 
 the watchtowers were spaced several hundred yards apart . 
 i peeked out from behind our hiding spot to see an officer strolling up and down in front of the fence , a massive gun at his waist . 
 `` let 's just run , '' he said . 
 `` what do we have to lose ? '' 
 he took a step forward , like he was going to take off right away . 
 `` our heads , '' i said in annoyance , tugging him back to me by the arm . 
 `` they 're going to have sharpshooters up there . '' 
 `` what else are we going to do ? '' 
 he knocked on his helmet . 
 `` besides , we have these . '' 
 he was right , but i still felt a burst of irritation at his disregard for his own life . 
 again . 
 `` those helmets do n't hold up forever , '' i said . 
 `` i did n't save you from getting shot on the inside so you could die one day later out here . 
 at least pretend that you care about dying . '' 
 i looked down at the map again . 
 `` this ca n't be the best place . 
 it seems so stupid . '' 
 he looked at me in surprise . 
 `` i care if i die . '' 
 `` you do n't act like it . '' 
 `` i already died once . 
 turned out all right . '' 
 he smiled at me . 
 `` that 's not funny . 
 you 'll be dead for real this time . 
 and then what ? 
 i 'm supposed to go to this stupid reboot reservation by myself ? 
 i never would have left if it were n't for you . '' 
 `` i did n't ask you to do that , '' he said . 
 `` and what do you mean , you never would have left ? 
 you were fine with it ? 
 being a prisoner ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 it was better than my human life . '' 
 `` but they made you kill people . '' 
 `` i do n't - '' i wrapped my arms around my waist and stopped myself . 
 i could n't tell him that . 
 `` you do n't care ? '' 
 he guessed . 
 `` you do n't feel guilt ? 
 sadness ? '' 
 `` no , '' i said , looking at the ground . 
 `` i did at first . 
 but now ... no . '' 
 i stole a glance up at him to see a heartbreakingly crestfallen look on his face . 
 `` i do n't know why you keep saying that , '' he said . 
 `` because it 's true . '' 
 `` no , it 's not . 
 i saw your face when they took those kids away . 
 you feel everything , just like the rest of us . '' 
 he paused , considering me before a mischievous glint sparkled in his eyes . 
 `` and you totally have the hots for me . '' 
 a surprised laugh escaped my mouth . 
 `` what ? 
 you do . '' 
 i could n't argue with that , so i just smiled . 
 he grabbed my hand and tugged me to him , planting a soft kiss on my lips . 
 `` leb wanted us to get out , '' he said . 
 `` we ca n't rescue his daughter if we 're dead . 
 he must have thought this was the best way . '' 
 `` yeah , '' i admitted , tucking the map into my pocket . 
 `` i 'd just prefer it if our heads did n't explode . '' 
 `` let 's run fast , then . '' 
 he lifted his eyebrows , looking at me for approval . 
 i nodded . 
 `` start going in a zigzag pattern when they spot us . 
 should make it harder for them to hit us . '' 
 `` got it . '' 
 i took one more glance around before ducking out from behind the tree and heading for the open field . 
 we had taken only a few steps when the siren sounded . 
 it was louder here , screeching from one of the towers . 
 i felt the bullets before i heard them . 
 they pelted my shoulders and knocked against my helmet . 
 my feet flew over the dirt , callum at my side even as i picked up speed and began running in a crooked line . 
 the world was white suddenly , the ground rumbling as i fell against it . 
 a second blast , closer , threw me across the dirt and sent a searing pain up my leg . 
 i could n't hear . 
 i could n't see . 
 i scrambled to my feet only to have the world shake again , the blast so intense i landed several feet away . 
 a bullet clipped my ear as i jumped up . 
 they whizzed by , hitting the dirt like heavy drops . 
 callum . 
 i could n't see him . 
 `` callum ! '' 
 i ran into the smoke and directly into a hard chest . 
 i could n't make out a face , but he lifted a gun to my head . 
 i ducked , smashing my fist into his gut and knocking his knees out from under him . 
 i snatched the gun from his hand and smashed the barrel against his head . 
 `` wren . '' 
 i heard callum 's voice , quiet , but when i looked up he was right next to me , yelling . 
 his helmet was half-gone , the left side of his head totally exposed . 
 i took his hand and we sprinted for the fence . 
 his eyes were wide with fear as he turned to look behind us . 
 i whipped my head around to see a massive group of harc officers hot on our trail . 
 i lowered my chin into my chest as they fired , dropping callum 's hand so i could run faster . 
 the fence was so close i could see it clearly now . 
 it was n't terribly high-fifteen feet or so . 
 but it was electrified . 
 i could hear the buzz as we approached . 
 we were going to have to hold on to it for several seconds to be able to get up and over it , but the force of the shock might knock us off right away . 
 callum hit the fence a second before i did . 
 i saw the jolt go through his body as his fingers wrapped around the wire , but he held on , his face determined . 
 i grabbed the wire and gasped as my insides lit on fire . 
 the shock was so intense i almost screamed , almost broke my own rule . 
 i hauled ass up the fence as fast as i could , my hands black by the time i reached the top and hurled myself over . 
 the twitching was so intense it was hard to stand , let alone run . 
 but i heard the buzz stop as they turned the fence off for the harc officers . 
 they 'd catch us if we did n't move . 
 callum 's body jerked as badly as mine so i grabbed him around the waist and turned him in the direction of the trees . 
 we needed to go north , and panic flashed through my brain as i struggled to remember which direction that was . 
 austin was south , but i did n't want harc to see us headed there . 
 if they knew where we were going , they 'd be waiting for us . 
 a shuttle roared through the sky , bringing a fresh round of bullets with it . 
 i heard the crack , then felt the blast against my head . 
 the remains of my helmet toppled to the ground . 
 right . 
 north was right . 
 my brain did n't want to run but my legs carried me anyway , floating over the dirt and grass faster than a human could keep up with . 
 we were in the trees , the beautiful trees , slapping against branches as our feet pounded the dirt . 
 my insides jiggled around , unsettled , but i pressed on until the officers ' voices grew distant . 
 i came to a sudden stop , looking up as the shuttle zoomed by . 
 i gestured for callum to follow me as i darted farther into the trees and hid behind a thick one . 
 i could n't see them anymore , but i could hear officers running and yelling from several directions . 
 i looked over at callum to see the twitching gone , his fingers wrapped around the trunk of the tree as his eyes scanned the area . 
 the rest of his helmet was gone , too , probably lost and shattered somewhere like mine . 
 `` you all right ? '' 
 i asked , breathing heavily . 
 `` yes . 
 i can keep going . '' 
 i glanced up at the sky as another shuttle flew overhead , and hesitantly took a step out from behind the tree . 
 nearby , boots crunched against leaves and i squinted in the darkness . 
 they were n't using flashlights , which was smart . 
 easier to sneak up on us that way . 
 i nodded at callum , putting a finger to my lips as i took a careful step to the west . 
 he followed my lead , and i wanted to hug him for his quiet footsteps . 
 i eased past a fallen tree branch and glanced over my shoulder . 
 we crept through the trees until i could n't hear our pursuers anymore . 
 it was quiet , the only sounds the breeze rustling the leaves and the distant hum of a shuttle engine . 
 `` run ? '' 
 i whispered to callum , turning to face south . 
 he nodded in agreement , his eyes serious when they met mine , but a hint of a smile starting to form on his lips . 
 i let myself smile , too , just for a moment . 
 and then we ran . 
 twenty-three the quiet swirled around me . 
 i 'd never experienced such quiet before . 
 i knew the sounds of the city , or the sounds of the shuttles , or the sounds of ever 's breathing as she tried to sleep , but this type of quiet was entirely foreign . 
 i felt like an intruder in this world . 
 we were still just outside rosa , but i was on a new planet , one where there was nothing but callum and a breeze blowing softly against my skin . 
 the trees provided solid cover , but the ground was uneven , littered with leaves and holes and fallen branches . 
 i hopped and dodged and stumbled but my breathing steadied as i healed , matching callum 's as our feet hit the ground . 
 the healing provided only momentary relief , and i slowed as my stomach turned over in protest . 
 we 'd only run about four miles , but my face was hot and my legs were unsteady . 
 callum glanced in my direction , his eyebrows knitting together . 
 he slowed , pulling on my hand to stop me . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i nodded . 
 `` yeah . 
 i 'm just hungry , i think . '' 
 i had n't eaten a real meal in more than twenty-four hours , and my body did not appreciate the long run on so little fuel . 
 my body did n't appreciate so little fuel at all , actually . 
 it was used to being fed well , and regularly , for the past five years . 
 i felt worse standing still , and i winced as i reached for my left shoulder . 
 i could feel the hard lump just behind my shoulder , from a bullet lodged there . 
 my skin had closed up over it . 
 i tried to push the pain away , but it was harder when i was weak . 
 it throbbed , refusing to be ignored , and i frowned . 
 how annoying . 
 `` what ? '' 
 callum asked , reaching for my shoulder . 
 i shrugged him off , turning my face away . 
 it was embarrassing for someone to be able to read the emotions on my face . 
 i did n't think anyone had ever been able to do that , even when i was a human . 
 `` it 's nothing , '' i mumbled . 
 `` there 's a bullet in there . '' 
 he reached for me again , and i let him press his hand to my jacket , his fingers finding the spot . 
 `` want me to get it out for you ? '' 
 i hesitated , glancing around . 
 it was dark , deserted . 
 we were still quite a ways from austin and far enough outside of rosa to have lost any shuttles or officers . 
 a breeze tugged a few escaped strands of hair from my ponytail into my face , and i batted them away . 
 `` maybe we should just keep going . '' 
 callum smirked as he held his hand out . 
 `` just give me the knife . '' 
 i pulled it from my pants and handed it over . 
 i felt a little burst of relief that he had n't agreed to keep running . 
 it was the last thing i wanted to do . 
 `` probably easiest if you sit , '' he said as i shrugged off my jacket . 
 i glanced around one last time before slowly sliding down onto the dirt and crossing my legs . 
 i closed my eyes briefly as everything in me collapsed in a heap of exhaustion . 
 callum 's fingers brushed my arms as he sat down behind me and i shivered at his touch . 
 his fingers found the hole the bullet had made in my shirt and when he spoke i could feel his breath on my neck . 
 `` you need to take this one off , '' he said . 
 i pulled my arms through the shirtsleeves and let it hang around my neck over my undershirt . 
 `` um , do i just dig in there with the knife ? '' 
 he asked , holding my shoulder steady with one hand . 
 `` yes . 
 you do n't have to be careful . 
 quick would be best . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 he exhaled slowly and i felt the tip of the knife poke my skin . 
 i shut my eyes as he pressed harder . 
 it was easier to block out the pain with his breath on my neck and the warmth of him behind me . 
 the bullet hit the ground with a thud , and callum set the knife to the side , his hands sliding down my arms . 
 he leaned forward until his cheek brushed my face , the slight stubble tickling my skin . 
 he laced his fingers through mine , turning his head so his lips brushed against my temple . 
 `` that 's the grossest thing i 've ever done , '' he whispered , a trace of amusement in his voice . 
 i laughed and he squeezed my hand , his lips forming into a smile against my skin . 
 i turned and our eyes met , then our lips for the briefest moment . 
 he was the one who pulled away , the concerned look back on his face . 
 `` do you want to try to find food ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` you look exhausted . '' 
 i scooted away from him , sticking my arms back into my shirt . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 let 's just keep going . '' 
 he looked like he might argue , but when i pulled my jacket on and started walking he followed without a word . 
 i briefly considered trying to catch an animal , but i saw none , and we could n't build a fire to cook it anyway . 
 harc might see the smoke . 
 it was different going without food as a reboot . 
 as a human , it had been uncomfortable , painful , consuming . 
 the hunger took over until i could think of nothing else . 
 my mind was clearer as a reboot . 
 i could focus on other things , but the gnawing in my stomach was worse . 
 it felt like a monster was eating me from the inside . 
 food had n't occurred to me when i was planning our escape . 
 i had n't considered so many things , like where we would sleep or find water and fresh clothes . 
 in my panic to get callum out i had n't stopped to think that maybe we would be worse off outside . 
 maybe harc had been right , and they were doing us a kindness by sheltering us and feeding us . 
 yes , we were technically their slaves , but maybe that was better than what we would face out here . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 ever 's voice rang through my ears , as clear as the day she 'd died . 
 she would n't have been worse off on the outside . 
 in fact , if i 'd paid closer attention , if i 'd worked harder to escape when i first discovered it was possible , she might still be alive . 
 i closed my eyes against the guilt pushing at my chest . 
 she would have liked it out here , hungry or not . 
 `` the reservation is that way , right ? '' 
 callum asked , pulling me from my thoughts . 
 he was looking up at the black sky and pointing north . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` so all the harc shuttles went in that direction . 
 do you think they know where it is ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 that seems logical . '' 
 `` you really do n't think it 's there , do you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` no , i never did . 
 if anything it 's probably just some reboots running from place to place , hiding from harc . '' 
 i sighed as his face dropped in disappointment . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 is that the sort of thing i should lie about to make you feel better ? '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` no . 
 i like that you always tell the truth . '' 
 `` i do n't really see the point in lying . '' 
 `` that 's very cool . '' 
 `` thank you , '' i said , a warmth spreading through my chest and all the way up to my cheeks . 
 at least he did n't seem alarmed by the fact that we had no idea what we were doing . 
 his optimism was comforting , and i reached for his hand as we walked . 
 as the sun began to rise the thick trees gave way to open land , the green and brown grass spreading out in front of us . 
 we were still a good ten miles or so from austin , and we 'd be easily visible to any passing harc shuttle . 
 i ran a hand over my face as i stopped . 
 we should have run . 
 if we 'd run we 'd already be there , and we could have found food more easily in austin . 
 `` should we rest for a while ? '' 
 callum asked . 
 `` i think we have to until the sun sets , '' i said , turning to trudge back to a thicker area of the trees . 
 i plopped down against one , stretching my legs out in front of me . 
 callum stayed where he was , turning his head as he surveyed the area . 
 `` how far from austin are we ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` we 're about halfway . 
 ten miles or so . '' 
 `` i 'm going to go look for food , '' he said , facing me . 
 `` you want to wait here ? 
 i wo n't go too far . '' 
 `` look for food where ? '' 
 i asked , casting a baffled glance at the trees around us . 
 `` i 'm going to go that way , '' he said , pointing . 
 `` uh ... '' he turned around a few times . 
 `` east . 
 right ? 
 that way is east ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` what do you expect to find out there ? '' 
 he quirked an eyebrow at me . 
 `` they do have food outside a cafeteria , wren . '' 
 i tried to hold back a smile , but it tugged at the corners of my mouth anyway . 
 `` i have heard that . 
 you really think you 're just going to find food ? '' 
 `` i worked the fields . 
 i know what to look for . 
 and me and some of the others used to scrounge on the walk back to the city when the harc farmers were n't looking . '' 
 i started to get to my feet , but he shook his head . 
 `` you can rest , '' he said . 
 `` i wo n't go far . 
 there 's no one around here anyway . '' 
 i looked up at the sky . 
 he was right : it was blue and clear and there was n't a shuttle in sight . 
 if i was being honest , my body had no interest in walking anyway . 
 `` just do n't get lost , '' i said , leaning my head back against the tree . 
 `` yell if you run into trouble . '' 
 he nodded and turned to walk away , tossing a smile in my direction even though his pace was slow and heavy . 
 he must have been tired as well , and just as hungry , but he was hiding it better . 
 i had to admire his ability to keep that smile on his face , even when things sucked . 
 i squinted my eyes as the sun peeked out from behind the leaves , my head beginning to droop to one side . 
 i wanted to keep my eyes open , but they kept falling shut , and eventually i let them stay that way . 
 i woke with a start , my legs jerking against the dirt as my eyes flew open . 
 a leaf was tickling my arm , and i pushed it away , quickly turning to look at the sun . 
 it was higher , up above the trees now . 
 `` callum ? '' 
 i called softly , getting to my feet . 
 i turned in a circle , but i was alone , the only sound the flapping of wings as a bird took off from somewhere nearby . 
 i pulled my jacket tighter around me , glancing at the sun again . 
 where had it been before ? 
 i could n't have slept that long . 
 maybe an hour . 
 less , probably . 
 it had been dumb to let him go by himself . 
 getting separated was the worst thing that could happen to us right now , and i had let him wander off in the middle of the wilderness by himself . 
 the bird overheard screeched and i jumped , stuffing my cold hands into my pockets . 
 escaping from harc in the summer would have been a much smarter plan . 
 actually , any plan except for this one would have been a much smarter plan . 
 i swallowed , trying not to panic as the minutes stretched out with no sign of callum . 
 i shifted from foot to foot as i pushed back the urge to run into the trees and find him . 
 he was fine . 
 if i kept repeating it to myself it had to be true . 
 a rustling noise made me turn , and i tensed , my hand flying to my gun . 
 callum 's triumphant face appeared a moment later and i exhaled , returning his grin . 
 `` sorry it took so long , '' he said . 
 `` i went a little farther than i thought i would . '' 
 he was holding his shirt out in front of him , and i frowned as he dropped to his knees and emptied the contents before me . 
 i knelt down and picked up a small , black , round object . 
 `` a squishy black thing ? '' 
 i asked , eyebrows raised . 
 i looked down at the hard brown balls mixed in with them . 
 `` are those ones nuts ? '' 
 `` wren , '' he said with a laugh , scooting over and taking the nut . 
 `` it 's a pecan . 
 you 've never seen a pecan ? '' 
 `` oh . 
 never in the shell , i guess . '' 
 he glanced around and selected a rock , placing the pecan on the ground . 
 `` we 're going to have to get a little creative , since we do n't have a nutcracker . '' 
 he smashed the rock down and the shell shattered . 
 he picked out the pieces of the nut and plunked them into my free hand . 
 `` thank you , '' i said , blinking at them in surprise . 
 `` and that 's a persimmon , '' he said , pointing to the black fruit . 
 `` you just kind of squeeze it into your mouth . 
 not my favorite , but it 'll do . '' 
 i ate a couple pieces of pecan as callum continued cracking them on the ground , then i squished the persimmon with my fingers and held it over my mouth . 
 it was sweet and messy , and my hands were black with juices as i tossed the skin aside . 
 we ate in silence and i wiped my hands on my pants when we 'd polished everything off . 
 callum scooted back against a tree , opened his arm up , and i gladly crawled over next to him . 
 `` thank you , '' i said , resting my head on his chest . 
 `` you 're welcome . '' 
 he rested his chin on top of my head as he trailed his fingers down my arm . 
 he was quiet for a long time , and i closed my eyes as my head moved up and down with his breath . 
 `` did you always intend to go to austin ? '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i blinked my eyes open , startled at the sound of his voice . 
 `` when you promised leb you would go get his daughter . 
 did you really mean it ? 
 or were you thinking about just running away ? '' 
 `` i did n't know where i 'd go , '' i said . 
 `` if the reservation is real i 'd like to know where it is . 
 clearly i 'm not exactly equipped to survive in the wild . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` i think you 'd do fine . '' 
 `` and i do n't want to prove him right , '' i said softly . 
 `` i know leb is expecting us to run off . 
 they do n't trust us , and i do n't want to prove them right . '' 
 he reached up and pressed his hand to my cheek , and i felt him plant a soft kiss on top of my head . 
 `` good point , '' he whispered . 
 twenty-four we left our hiding spot after the sun set . 
 two harc shuttles had passed during the day , but i had n't seen any in hours . 
 i 'd fallen asleep again for a little while but callum was awake and alert . 
 he still had n't slept at all since we left the facility and i could see his hands shaking again . 
 although he saw me notice , we both said nothing . 
 he had n't displayed any of the other signs of insanity and i refused to talk about something that very likely would n't happen . 
 that could n't happen . 
 we headed to the edge of the trees and i took in a deep breath as i glanced at the sky . 
 all clear . 
 we took off , boots pounding the ground as we sprinted across the grass . 
 the wind whipped through the bullet holes in my jacket and i scrunched up my face against the cold . 
 my chest was tight and my throat burned as we sprinted , but we kept up a quick pace , casting nervous glances into the sky . 
 it was about five miles before a patch of trees appeared again , and we slowed to a walk as we disappeared into them . 
 i took in a deep breath , crossing my arms over my chest to trap some of the warmth . 
 `` how long is it going to take us to get through this tunnel thing ? '' 
 callum asked after we 'd caught our breath . 
 `` no idea . 
 it just says tunnel on the map . 
 we can always hop the fence again if it 's not there . '' 
 `` awesome . 
 that was n't at all hard last time . '' 
 he swung an arm around my shoulder and pulled me close . 
 the trees were thinner here , scattered and providing less cover than the ones closer to rosa , but we walked anyway , both too tired to run anymore . 
 the skyline of austin came into view as we got closer , and a trace of a smile crossed callum 's lips . 
 `` it 's nicer than rosa . '' 
 `` we 're coming in from the rico side . '' 
 the tops of the buildings looked vaguely familiar . 
 there were three tall glass structures , surrounded by a few shorter ones i could barely see over the trees . 
 the tallest building was on the west side of town , and the very top was bright white , like it was guiding people home . 
 it was amusing , considering the rico side of austin had no interest in letting anyone in . 
 `` have you seen this side of the city before ? '' 
 callum asked . 
 `` no . 
 we passed through on the way to the holding facility after i died , but i think i was still in shock . 
 i do n't really remember it . '' 
 `` do you remember dying ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` or waking up ? '' 
 `` i remember waking up . '' 
 `` did you know you were dead ? 
 i did n't know . '' 
 `` sort of , '' i replied . 
 `` i was hysterical , so everything is jumbled . 
 i only remember waking up in the dead room and screaming . '' 
 `` they took you out of the rising room ? 
 that 's terrible . '' 
 `` yes . 
 they thought i was permanently dead . '' 
 the hospital moved all young people who might reboot to the rising room , where they were strapped down to beds . 
 if they rebooted they moved on to the holding facility ; if they did n't , they went to the dead room . 
 no one should have to wake up in the dead room , surrounded by the day 's deceased humans , waiting for cremation . 
 it had been a full room the day i was there . 
 i glanced at callum , pushing the memory away . 
 `` you did n't realize you were dead ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i thought i 'd gone to sleep . 
 i kept asking for my parents . 
 i thought i 'd feel different as a reboot . 
 but i feel the same . 
 it never felt real until i got to rosa . '' 
 `` yeah , '' i agreed . 
 the trees grew thicker as we neared the city , and as i pushed a low branch away from my face , the gray wire fence and flashing red lights came into view . 
 i stopped and pulled out the map . 
 the fence was making a soft buzzing sound , indicating that this one was electrified , too . 
 we retreated back farther into the trees , until the fence was no longer visible . 
 if leb 's map was correct , the tunnel should be right in this area . 
 `` it 's here ? '' 
 callum asked , peering over my shoulder at the map . 
 `` supposedly , '' i said , squinting at the ground . 
 it was too dark to see much at all . 
 i tilted the map in his direction . 
 `` are we in the right area ? 
 it looks like the tunnel should come out not far from downtown . '' 
 callum glanced at the map , then at darkness around us . 
 `` let 's try a little farther west , '' he said , pointing . 
 `` i do n't think we 're close enough to downtown . '' 
 i nodded and followed him , kicking at the dirt and every suspicious rock . 
 i was n't sure what i was looking for . 
 i probably should have asked leb what the tunnel looked like . 
 or what they used it for . 
 or if leb was sure it was still there . 
 i stuffed the map in my pocket and let out a sigh . 
 callum and i walked west , then back east , then west again , combing the area and searching through fallen leaves and branches . 
 `` we 're going to have to get electrocuted again , are n't we ? '' 
 callum asked , squinting up at the sky . 
 the first hints of morning light were creeping through . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 `` wonderful . 
 i think my insides liquefied last time . 
 it was all jiggly in there . '' 
 i shot an amused smile his way . 
 `` let 's try a little closer to the fence . '' 
 he followed me as i headed toward it , stopping when i could hear the hum of electricity . 
 i turned when callum dropped to his knees and pushed aside a pile of branches . 
 he pointed at a small hole and grinned , bracing his hands against the sides as he peered inside . 
 `` it looks tiny . '' 
 `` i 'll go first , '' i said . 
 i knelt down next to him and looked into what seemed like nothing more than a poorly constructed hole in the ground . 
 i paused , glancing back at callum . 
 crawling through a tiny , dark hole in the ground actually made me a little nervous . 
 i had no idea what was in there , but i had to believe that leb would n't lead us into danger with his daughter at stake . 
 `` we can still get electrocuted if you want , '' callum said , pointing back at the fence . 
 `` i think we should go with the quieter approach . '' 
 i ignored my nerves and crawled into the hole . 
 i heard callum follow a moment later . 
 the tunnel was barely big enough for us to fit through on our hands and knees . 
 i had a bit of breathing room , but when i twisted around to look at callum , i could just make out the outline of his back brushing up against the top of the tunnel . 
 the ceiling was supported by some sort of white wooden beams that looked less than sturdy . 
 other than that it was nothing but dirt underneath my fingers . 
 `` what happens if this caves in ? '' 
 callum asked . 
 `` are we just stuck in here buried alive forever ? '' 
 `` yes , probably . '' 
 `` oh , good . 
 thanks for making me feel better about that . '' 
 i wanted to turn around and smile at him , but the idea of the tunnel caving in and trapping us was n't that far-fetched . 
 perhaps as little movement as possible was the way to go . 
 besides , it was too dark for him to see it anyway . 
 i shuffled forward on my hands and knees , taking a deep breath in an effort to slow the rapid bursts of air coming from my lungs . 
 despite his words , callum 's breathing was slow and steady , and when i closed my eyes and listened , it calmed me as well . 
 i crawled until my head bumped against something solid . 
 i stopped , reaching out to touch it . 
 was the tunnel sealed ? 
 callum ran into my feet and i felt him come to a stop as well . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` it 's blocked , '' i said , pushing against the solid object . 
 it was rough against my skin . 
 `` maybe we should - '' the blockage moved before i could get out my cowardly words that we should forget this plan and leb and adina . 
 i shoved it again and a streak of light appeared . 
 it was two logs , most likely put there to hide the entrance . 
 i threw my shoulder against them until the top one fell to the ground with a thunk , and i was able to push the other one away . 
 i squeezed out of the tunnel and sank onto the grass with a sigh . 
 the air was chilly , the grass damp with dew beneath my fingers , but for once i did n't mind the cold . 
 i sucked a generous amount of the fresh air into my lungs . 
 there were no gunshots , no bombs , no yelling , just the cool morning air and the sounds of leaves rustling and crickets chirping . 
 escaping from rosa was a faraway nightmare compared to the ease of our break-in to austin . 
 callum brushed off his clothes , then reached over and playfully mussed my hair , sending dirt flying . 
 he smiled briefly at me , but his eyes were focused on something in the distance . 
 i turned . 
 the tunnel had let us out on a hill , and it gave me a clear view of the rico part of austin . 
 i did n't remember ever seeing it so clearly during my time in the slums . 
 it was small , probably somewhere between ten and fifteen square miles . 
 it was the second austin . 
 the original was several miles south and , from what i 'd been told , nothing but a pile of rubble . 
 the reboots had destroyed most human cities in the war . 
 i 'd heard austin called the best city in texas . 
 judging by the other cities i 'd seen , it seemed an accurate statement . 
 it was nestled next to a lake , sparkling in the morning light . 
 the buildings in the center of town were taller than those in rosa , some ten or fifteen stories high . 
 a wide street ran up the center of town , beginning not far from the trees surrounding the lake and ending at a cute little round building . 
 it was designed to replicate the original austin 's capitol . 
 texas had no capitol , so i did n't know what they did in the building now . 
 perhaps it was empty . 
 `` which way is your parents ' house ? '' 
 i asked as i piled the logs back up in front of the hole . 
 `` past the capitol , down lake travis boulevard , '' he said , pointing to the wide street . 
 his eyebrows lowered as he crossed his arms over his stomach . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked , getting to my feet and wiping my hands on my pants . 
 `` i 'm really ... '' he took in a deep breath as he pressed his hand into his stomach . 
 `` i 'm really hungry , i think . '' 
 he 'd gone pale , and his hands were shaking worse than before . 
 i swallowed , reaching for his hand . 
 `` your parents will have food , right ? '' 
 my voice was steady , even though i was beginning to tremble myself . 
 ever had been famished in the cafeteria , shoving meat in her mouth as fast as possible . 
 callum nodded . 
 `` they 'll have a little , probably . '' 
 `` come on , maybe we can find something else on the way , too , '' i said . 
 the sun was getting higher in the sky , and we did n't have long until the humans were everywhere . 
 he let me pull him down the hill and across the grass , the buzz of crickets fading as we neared the buildings . 
 the only way to get to the other side of the capitol was through the city , since the harc fence was n't far from the edge of town and i did n't want to risk getting too close to it . 
 we crept along an alleyway behind the brick and wooden buildings . 
 i glimpsed a few humans walking on the next street over and i quickened my pace , tugging on callum 's hand . 
 his eyes were downcast , his other fist pressed against his mouth . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 his voice was muffled behind his fingers . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` that smell . '' 
 he stopped , leaning forward and pressing his hands into his thighs . 
 he took in a deep breath and i stepped closer to him , placing a hand on his shoulder . 
 `` it smells like meat or something ? '' 
 i lifted my nose but all i could smell was fresh morning air and maybe a hint of grass or weeds . 
 he smells so good . 
 like ... meat . 
 ever 's words raced through my brain and i turned to the humans , dread trickling down my stomach . 
 he smelled the humans . 
 i grabbed his arm and he stood with a start , blinking at me . 
 `` let 's get you meat , then , '' i said . 
 `` where 's the nearest restaurant ? '' 
 he did n't answer . 
 instead , he turned to stare at the humans , his expression unreadable . 
 `` remember when that kid tried to eat me ? '' 
 he said softly . 
 `` or a butcher , '' i said , ignoring him . 
 `` or a grocery store . 
 are there any around here ? '' 
 `` and then ever acted like she was going to eat me , too . 
 remember ? 
 she was all weird and crazy . '' 
 he looked down at his hands . 
 my heart was beating too fast . 
 i refused to answer these questions because then i 'd have to admit that we should be scared of what harc had done to him , and he already looked terrified . 
 `` you wo n't let me , right ? '' 
 his words were quiet , his eyes bouncing between me and the humans . 
 i shook my head , too vigorously . 
 `` no . 
 i wo n't let you . '' 
 he nodded , shoving his hands in his pockets . 
 `` there 's a restaurant up about a block . 
 they have meat , i think . '' 
 i looped my arm through his and we rushed along the block . 
 callum tucked his chin down , and he kept taking in deep gulps of air , trying to hold his breath as much as possible . 
 `` that one , '' he said , pointing to a slightly cracked wooden door behind a smelly dumpster . 
 the sound of dishes clanging and food sizzling drifted out through the opening , and i slipped the gun from my pants and flung the door open . 
 two humans were working in the kitchen . 
 a man and a woman , probably in their thirties , and pleasantly plump in that well-fed , rico way . 
 the man saw us first , and he let out a yell and clutched the woman . 
 perhaps we looked worse than usual , or maybe rico folks were n't used to seeing reboots , but their terror was the sharpest i had ever encountered . 
 the woman immediately began crying as she tried to drag the man toward the other door . 
 `` stop , '' i said , pointing the gun directly at the man . 
 `` we wo n't hurt you ; we just want food . '' 
 they both froze , clutching each other and sobbing . 
 `` would you stop with the crying and just get us food ? '' 
 i snapped in annoyance . 
 why must people cry ? 
 the woman let out a gasp and untangled herself from the man , rushing to the refrigerator . 
 callum pressed his face into the top of my head , a whimper escaping his mouth . 
 `` meat , '' i clarified . 
 she turned around with two large packages of raw meat in her hands , holding them out to us with shaky terror . 
 `` cooked meat , you ... '' i took a deep breath . 
 `` we 're not animals . '' 
 i gestured to the steak on the grill and the man started piling it into a container . 
 `` the bread , too . '' 
 he put the whole loaf into a bag , placing the container of meat in with it . 
 he moved to hand it to me and the woman snatched it away , pushing him behind her . 
 she let the bag hang from one finger as she took a cautious step in our direction . 
 i did n't realize the flash at the corner of my eye was callum until he was on top of her . 
 teeth bared . 
 growling . 
 the humans screamed . 
 i was n't annoyed by it this time . 
 my eyes flew to callum 's . 
 glazed eyes . 
 my feet refused to budge as he shoved away her frantic hands and tried to get his face to her neck . 
 you wo n't let me , right ? 
 his words jolted me out of my frozen state . 
 i launched myself at him , pushing the man out of the way . 
 i grasped callum 's collar and hauled him off the sobbing human so hard he hit the wall . 
 he blinked and shook his head , but he still was n't callum . 
 he was n't callum . 
 the humans huddled on the ground as i snatched up the bag and ran to him . 
 `` callum , '' i said , my voice shaking slightly . 
 he blinked once more and confusion colored his face as he looked down at me . 
 i quickly shoved him to the door before he noticed the state of the humans . 
 `` what - '' `` go , '' i interrupted , taking his hand and breaking into a run . 
 i pulled hard when he slowed , yanking him down the alleyway . 
 we sprinted through the city and onto a wide paved road leading to houses in the distance . 
 it split off in two directions and i whipped my head around to look at callum . 
 `` which way ? '' 
 i glanced behind me for a sign of harc , but there was nothing yet . 
 the sky was clear , the morning air quiet . 
 he pointed right and we took off . 
 callum pulled me to a stop as we neared the houses , gesturing to a row of bushes . 
 `` i have to eat something before we get near them again , '' he said , nodding at the meat . 
 `` i ca n't see my family like this . '' 
 i looked behind us again . 
 still nothing . 
 `` maybe we should keep going . 
 those humans will alert harc any minute and - '' callum snorted . 
 `` no , they wo n't . 
 you think they want everyone knowing there were two reboots in that restaurant ? 
 no one would ever go in again . '' 
 he pointed up to the empty sky . 
 `` they did n't tell anyone . '' 
 i scanned the area . 
 he was right . 
 there was n't a shuttle or a guard to be seen . 
 i followed callum over and plopped down beside him in the grass behind the bushes . 
 i opened the container of meat and offered it to him . 
 he took a piece and immediately bit into it , eating with fervor i 'd never seen from him . 
 i took a small piece for myself and pushed the rest to him , which he ate without protest . 
 i nibbled at the bread as i watched him . 
 when he finished he ran a hand over his mouth , turning his gaze to the grass . 
 he picked at it , his fingers almost steady again . 
 `` i just attacked that woman , did n't i ? 
 i sort of blacked out , but i remember ... . '' 
 his voice was strained , quiet . 
 i did n't answer , but he did n't need me to . 
 he knew what happened . 
 we sat there in silence for long seconds before it occurred to me that maybe this was a moment when i should say something comforting . 
 `` maybe it will wear off , '' i said . 
 `` or we can ask for help when we get to the reservation . 
 they must have seen this before . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` that 's true . '' 
 i hopped to my feet , holding out my hand to him . 
 the sun was rising higher in the sky , and we did n't have time to waste . 
 there was a chance the couple would change their minds . 
 `` until then , we 'll just keep you well fed . 
 i 'm sure it will be fine . '' 
 he took my hand as he stood up , a hint of relief on his face . 
 he believed me . 
 i tried to smile like i believed it , too . 
 twenty-five we headed down the paved road and turned onto a narrower street . 
 the houses were smaller than i would have thought , but clean and well kept , without any of the trash that littered the lawns in rosa 's slums . 
 `` are we close ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i pointed to the thick trees near the edge of the city line . 
 `` i could go wait there . 
 maybe i 'll go check the security around the slum wall . '' 
 `` no , you have to come with me , '' callum said , looking at me in surprise . 
 `` i do n't think that 's a good idea , '' i said . 
 `` but i 'll stay close by . '' 
 `` no , you have to come . 
 they 'll want to meet you . '' 
 `` they will absolutely not want to meet me . '' 
 `` yes , they will . 
 you saved me . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` i 'll go but i 'll stay back . 
 i 'll terrify them . '' 
 `` you will not . 
 you 're not scary until you start attacking people . '' 
 `` i will . 
 and so will you . '' 
 `` i am certainly not terrifying . 
 i 'm not even close . '' 
 i let out a sigh of defeat and he smiled . 
 i really hoped he was right . 
 i glanced behind us , where i could see the tops of bigger houses peeking out from the trees . 
 i could n't see much beyond the roofs , but the size alone suggested wealth . 
 `` what 's over there ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` the rich people , '' he said . 
 `` i thought you were all rich people here . '' 
 he gave me an amused look . 
 his color had returned after eating the meat and he almost looked like his old self again . 
 `` mostly we 're just here because property is passed down through families . 
 my parents never had any money . 
 neither did my grandparents . '' 
 `` what do they do ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i had n't thought rich people did anything , but if callum worked the fields , his parents must have had jobs . 
 `` my mom 's a teacher and my dad works in the food-processing plant . 
 but they fired my mom when i got sick , so i do n't know if she still teaches . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` risk of infection , '' callum said . 
 `` she got one of the lighter strains of kdh when i got sick . 
 they do n't risk infecting children with anything here . '' 
 `` maybe they gave her the job back after she got well . '' 
 the little homes had backyards with wooden fences , and i caught glimpses of gardens and flowers . 
 everything seemed cheerier here . 
 we rounded the corner and callum came to a sudden stop , his face scrunching up with unhappiness . 
 i followed his gaze to a small white house with blue shutters . 
 a stone path led up to the front door and the little windows facing the street gave it a cute , quaint look . 
 but in front , on a wooden sign in big , black letters , were the words : quarantined until november 24 . 
 auction on december 1 . 
 i looked at him quickly . 
 `` auction ? 
 does that mean ... '' `` they lost it , '' he said , his voice catching . 
 `` lost it ? 
 how ? '' 
 `` they had a lot of debts . 
 they spent everything they had trying to save me and they must ... '' he swallowed and i took his hand . 
 `` did they have friends ? '' 
 `` yes , but no one would have room . 
 and they would n't be willing to take on three extra mouths when everyone is already in bad shape . '' 
 `` so where would they go ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 over there , i guess . '' 
 his gaze went east , to the slums . 
 `` harc shuttles the homeless over there . 
 they do n't want that sort of thing here . '' 
 a man a few doors down wandered out of his house , banging the screen door behind him as he headed for his flowers . 
 `` we should n't stay in the open like this , '' i said . 
 callum still stared in the direction of the slums , and panic rose up in my chest at the prospect of going there now . 
 i thought i had more time . 
 `` let 's go in , '' i said , tugging on his hand . 
 `` at least until the sun sets . 
 no one 's going to set foot in a quarantined house . '' 
 `` we could just go to the slums now . '' 
 `` it 'll be safer at night . '' 
 i tugged on his hand again , and he finally looked down at me . 
 his expression softened . 
 perhaps the panic i felt was splashed across my face . 
 `` yeah , okay . '' 
 we walked up the stone steps to the little white front door . 
 it was locked , but a hard kick from callum knocked it open . 
 at first glance , the house looked bigger than it was . 
 the rooms were sparsely furnished and open , the floors a shiny wood i had never seen before . 
 there was no table in the kitchen , nothing but a dingy couch and a television in the living room . 
 it was as if the place had been cleared out by thieves . 
 sunlight poured in from a side window , bouncing off the floor and dancing across the bare cream walls . 
 whatever had been there before was gone , the small nail holes all that remained . 
 `` i guess they let them take the pictures , '' callum said , walking toward the back hallway . 
 `` and some of the furniture ? '' 
 `` no , this is all we had . '' 
 i dropped my eyes from his , embarrassed , even though his parents had far more than mine ever did . 
 `` come on , '' he said . 
 i followed him down the dim hallway , the gray carpeting plushy under my feet . 
 he took a quick glance into the first door on our left , which was a small room , empty except for a few posters of comic-book characters on the wall . 
 he walked through the second door on the left . 
 it was his room . 
 it looked like it had n't been touched since the day he died : the bed unmade , papers and books scattered across his desk , pictures and electronic equipment i could n't identify littering his bookshelf . 
 the wooden furniture was old and chipped but the room was fairly neat . 
 cozy , even . 
 the thick blue comforter at the end of the bed looked nicer than the thin blanket i 'd had at harc , and the sun streaming in through the sheer white curtains made the room warm and open . 
 `` they should have sold this or given it to david , '' he said , running his fingers over what i thought was his school reader . 
 we often used old paper books at the slum school , but i 'd seen a few readers . 
 `` they could n't . 
 when you die and reboot all your previous possessions become property of harc . '' 
 the cost of safety , they said . 
 `` oh . '' 
 he sat down on his bed , flipping on the radio on his nightstand . 
 the sounds of a fiddle and a man 's voice filled the room . 
 `` i miss music , '' he said , his eyes on his lap . 
 `` i did , too , at first . '' 
 `` i should n't have let them pay for treatments , '' he said , rubbing his hands over his face . 
 `` i knew the survival rate . 
 i knew deep down it was pointless . 
 i was just so scared i would reboot . 
 i was so terrified i made myself sick at the holding facility . '' 
 he looked up and smiled at me . 
 `` until i saw you . 
 i remember lying on the ground staring up at you thinking , if girls that cute are here , it ca n't be all bad . '' 
 i turned away , trying to hide my smile as heat spread across my face . 
 the bed creaked as he rose and planted a light kiss on top of my head . 
 `` i 'm going to check and see if the water still works . 
 maybe we can shower . '' 
 he turned to grin at me as he left the room . 
 `` separately , of course . '' 
 my full-body blush had n't faded in the least by the time he returned . 
 he went to his closet and pulled down a towel , black cotton pants , and a green t-shirt . 
 `` it works , '' he said , holding the clothes out to me . 
 `` these are going to be way too big , but i figure you 'll want to change . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 `` it 's the next door over . '' 
 the white-tiled bathroom was clean and private . 
 i 'd forgotten what a private bathroom felt like . 
 i stripped off my clothes and carefully stepped underneath the stream of water . 
 the shower was warm and glorious , the water red as it circled the drain . 
 i was covered in blood , evidence of the numerous gunshot wounds i had suffered . 
 i emerged from the shower clean and smooth , my mangled chest the only blemish on my skin . 
 i pulled on callum 's clothes and eased a comb through my hair . 
 i gathered up my own clothes in my arms and dropped them in the corner of callum 's room . 
 he was putting new sheets on the bed , gray and so soft looking that i immediately wanted to crawl in . 
 `` i thought you might want to sleep , '' he said , putting on the last pillowcase . 
 `` feel free to get in ; i 'm going to take a shower . '' 
 i nodded , but i sat down at his desk as he left the room . 
 i reached for a photo screen , pressing the button on the edge to bring up the first image . 
 it was callum . 
 sort of . 
 human callum had shaggy hair and light brown eyes , an easy smile on his face . 
 his arm was around another human boy , but i could only look at him . 
 at his imperfect skin , at the goofy grin on his face , at the innocence that radiated from him . 
 his skin had been darker as a human . 
 reboots were paler , evidence that death had touched them , but i rarely noticed anymore . 
 humans had a brightness to them , a glow that only death extinguished . 
 i pushed the button and flipped through dozens of photos of callum with his friends . 
 i barely recognized him . 
 i raised my head as callum came up behind me and was almost relieved to see he was how i remembered . 
 his face was hard and strong , nothing like the boy 's in the picture . 
 his dark eyes circled the room in a way that was probably instinctual now-he was looking for threats . 
 he gazed over my shoulder at the picture , reaching down to take it out of my hands . 
 a frown crossed his face . 
 `` i do n't look like this anymore , '' he said . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` i did n't think i had changed . 
 it 's only been a few weeks . '' 
 `` you have , '' i said , touching his fingers . 
 `` i like you better this way . '' 
 he raised his eyes from the picture to me , then to the wall just behind me . 
 i turned to see what he was looking at and saw our reflections in a mirror . 
 `` i do n't look human anymore , '' he said . 
 `` no . 
 you 're not . '' 
 he looked down at the picture sadly . 
 `` when i woke up , after i died , i thought i looked mostly the same . '' 
 `` well , you do , in a way , '' i admitted , nodding at the picture in his hand . 
 `` your human memories start to get blurry right away . 
 especially the things you do n't want to remember . '' 
 he lifted an eyebrow at me . 
 `` you know a little bit about that . '' 
 i shrugged and he put the photo screen on the desk , taking my hand and tugging me out of the chair . 
 `` want to dance ? '' 
 he scooped me into his arms before i could reply . 
 `` we have music this time . 
 and i do n't have to punch you when we finish . '' 
 `` you do n't have to . 
 but if i step on your feet too many times you can feel free . '' 
 `` i will pass on that offer , but thank you . '' 
 he twirled me once , twice , three times , until i collapsed against his chest in laughter . 
 i rose up on my toes for a kiss and he grabbed me under the arms and lifted me up in the air until i wrapped my legs around his waist . 
 `` that 's better , '' he said , brushing his lips against mine . 
 i closed my eyes and let myself fade away inside the kiss . 
 i liked that i did n't have to worry about sneak attacks or humans walking past . 
 i liked yielding completely to the kiss , to his arms and the warmth of his body . 
 `` there 's no dancing going on here , '' i finally said with a smile . 
 `` sure there is , '' he said , moving in a slow circle . 
 `` and this is my favorite dance , by the way . '' 
 `` mine , too . '' 
 i leaned my forehead against his , letting the tickling happiness creep up my body . 
 when the song ended he sat down on the bed with me in his lap , running his hands into my damp hair and kissing from my jawline to my neck . 
 i wanted to reach under his shirt and touch the warm skin of his back with my fingertips , but i hesitated , my mind immediately trying to sort out how many people or cameras might be watching us . 
 but there was no one . 
 it was just us . 
 so i trailed my fingers down his back and closed my eyes and focused on only him . 
 his breath against my mouth . 
 his arms as they circled tightly around my waist . 
 my lips against his cheek . 
 my eyes finding his , my smile at the desire in his gaze . 
 his fingers against my back , the cool air tickling my skin as he pushed my shirt up just slightly . 
 i stiffened , jumping away from him so quickly i almost fell off the bed . 
 i missed the warmth of him immediately , but my stomach had twisted into nervous knots and i could n't bring myself to even look at him . 
 when i suggested we stay in his house i had n't considered there would be a bed . 
 i had n't considered that we 'd be alone . 
 i had n't considered what those two things might mean . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' callum said . 
 his voice was soft , slightly confused . 
 `` not okay ? '' 
 `` um . '' 
 it was the only word i could come up with . 
 was it okay ? 
 i 'd never considered whether i wanted to have sex , with anyone . 
 i 'd certainly never considered that someone would want to have sex with me . 
 `` i 've , um , never ... '' i finally looked up at him to see genuine surprise flash across his features . 
 `` you 're kidding , '' he said . 
 `` you were there five years and you never did it with anyone ? '' 
 `` of course not . 
 no one wanted to touch me . 
 you were the first person to even kiss me . '' 
 he cocked his head to the side , studying me curiously . 
 `` that 's ridiculous , wren . '' 
 `` it 's the truth . '' 
 he scooted closer until his leg brushed against mine . 
 `` no one touched you because you did n't want them to . '' 
 maybe he was right about that . 
 i pressed my palms against my thighs but my hands were shaking , so i quickly clasped them together . 
 `` i never did , either , '' he said . 
 unexpected relief flooded my chest . 
 `` really ? 
 sex is usually the first thing newbies do . '' 
 `` i think people immediately assumed i was yours so they stayed far away . '' 
 he met my eyes and smiled . 
 `` i was . 
 i am . '' 
 he leaned forward and brushed his lips to mine . 
 `` yours . '' 
 i swallowed , a strange weight dropping in my stomach . 
 i felt funny , hot , and nervous , and i wanted to pull him to me and never let go . 
 i laced my fingers through his . 
 i was the shaky one this time . 
 he was steady . 
 `` we-we can , '' i stuttered . 
 `` but we have to leave my shirt on . '' 
 his eyes dropped to my shirt briefly . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` it 's gross . 
 it 's better to leave it on . '' 
 `` gross ? '' 
 he repeated in confusion . 
 i said nothing and understanding crossed his face . 
 `` oh . 
 is that where you were shot ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` i do n't care if you have a scar , wren . '' 
 `` it 's ugly . 
 and it 's more than one . '' 
 `` someone shot you more than once ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 three times . '' 
 `` who would do that to a twelve-year-old ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' i said , my voice strained and quiet . 
 `` i do n't really remember . '' 
 `` any of it ? '' 
 the screaming-my screaming-echoed in my brain , making me a liar if i answered that question with a no . 
 `` i remember some of it , '' i admitted . 
 `` it was a man , i think . 
 we were living in an apartment and he came in yelling at my parents . 
 i do n't remember what about , but it was probably drugs . 
 they were both really high , like always . '' 
 i frowned as the images flashed through my brain . 
 `` my mom took me back to the bedroom and i think we were trying to climb out the window . 
 i remember looking down at the grass thinking it was really far down . 
 i heard gunshots and i screamed and my mom put my hand over my mouth and - '' `` are you trying to kill us ? '' 
 i swallowed at the sound of my mom 's voice in my ear . 
 `` that 's really all i remember . '' 
 callum took a deep , shaky breath . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 the horror was spread across his every feature . 
 `` sorry you asked ? '' 
 i said with a little laugh . 
 `` of course not . '' 
 `` so we can do it if you want , but this should stay on , '' i said , crossing my arms over my chest . 
 he laughed . 
 he saw my confusion and tried to stop , but another one escaped and he shook his head . 
 `` no , '' he said , tucking my hair behind my ear and softly kissing my cheek . 
 `` i think i will wait for you to have a bit more enthusiasm than ` we can do it if you want . ' '' 
 he chuckled again . 
 my cheeks flushed as i focused on the floor . 
 `` oh . 
 i did n't , that was n't - '' `` it 's fine . '' 
 he pressed his lips to my forehead and slid off the bed . 
 `` i was n't expecting that , for the record . '' 
 i wanted to melt into the floor . 
 to become a big pile of bright red , mushy reboot . 
 `` i can go sleep in my parents ' room , '' he said . 
 i quickly grabbed his hand . 
 `` no , will you stay ? '' 
 i still wanted him close , even if i did n't want him that close . 
 `` of course . '' 
 he was pleased i 'd asked ; i could see it in his eyes as he crawled into bed . 
 i slid in next to him and scooted closer until he wrapped his arms around me . 
 i pressed my face into his chest and he leaned in until his lips brushed my ear . 
 `` when we do have sex , there will be none of this keeping-your-shirt-on nonsense . '' 
 `` but - '' `` nope , sorry . 
 i do n't care about the scars and neither should you . 
 all or nothing . '' 
 `` then you may get nothing . '' 
 `` please . 
 you 're not going to be able to resist me for much longer . '' 
 i laughed and tilted my head up to kiss him . 
 he held me tighter against his chest as our lips met , and for a moment , i thought he might be right . 
 twenty-six `` wren . '' 
 callum 's breath tickled my ear and i stirred , my forehead brushing against his chest . 
 `` the sun is setting . '' 
 i peeked through my eyelids to see the room bathed in orange light . 
 callum 's skin was bright and almost human-looking in its glow . 
 i stretched my legs against the softness of the sheets . 
 i had the plushy material of the comforter clenched in a hand under my chin . 
 i was inside a cloud-a luxurious , bubbly cloud where my body sank into a bed softer than anything i 'd ever felt . 
 the cloud smelled like callum . 
 like soap and spice and warmth and the unmistakable hint of reboot . 
 he pushed the hair off my forehead and pressed his lips against the skin , sparking a trail of fire all the way down to my neck . 
 `` we should go soon . '' 
 his dark eyes met mine and i saw no point in trying to pretend i was n't scared . 
 he could already see it . 
 his thumb rubbed warmth onto my cheek and his steady gaze suggested he did n't mind my fear . 
 i nodded but did n't move . 
 i would have rather stayed in this bed with him all night , all day , all week . 
 forget leb 's daughter , forget the nonexistent reservation , forget everything but his arms and smile . 
 but he was shaking . 
 his fingers jerked against my skin and he rolled away , swinging his legs over the side of the bed . 
 he stole a quick glance at his trembling hands before reaching for his clothes . 
 the panic that tore through my chest took my breath away , made me press my face into the bed for fear i would scream . 
 `` maybe i have a smaller shirt you can wear , '' callum said , hopping off the bed and striding across the room to his closet . 
 `` something from when i was four or so . '' 
 i laughed against the mattress , sitting up and pushing the panic off my features . 
 it sat on my chest , insistent , mocking . 
 `` at least seven , '' i countered . 
 `` i 'm not that small . '' 
 `` here , '' he said , throwing me a light blue shirt . 
 `` that 's still going to be too big , but maybe you can tie the bottom . '' 
 he left the room to change and i pulled on my own pants and his shirt , which came down to the middle of my thighs . 
 i tried to tie a knot with the extra material , eventually giving up and shoving it inside my pants . 
 i took the black sweatshirt he 'd thrown over the desk chair for me and smiled as i pulled the soft material over my head . 
 callum returned and put the photo screen and a small camera in a pack , along with a couple pieces of clothing . 
 `` we can go check if my parents left any food , but i really doubt it , '' he said , zipping the bag up and tossing it over his back . 
 the kitchen was bare except for a few abandoned , chipped plates . 
 callum shrugged and held his hand out to me . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 never . 
 `` ready , '' i said , taking his hand . 
 i glanced around one last time as we headed down the hallway and into the living room . 
 callum seemed to be making an effort not to look , his gaze on the floor as he opened the front door for me . 
 the temperature had dropped several degrees from the previous night , and the evening air was chilly . 
 even callum shivered . 
 `` one stop before we cross over , '' he said , pointing to the house next door . 
 `` i need to find out where my family went . '' 
 `` what are we going to do ? 
 pop in and ask ? '' 
 `` yep , '' he said , pulling me around to the back of the house . 
 he rapped on a back window before i could protest . 
 the curtains parted and a human boy not much younger than us peeked through , letting out a yell and snapping them shut when he spotted us . 
 `` eduardo ! '' 
 callum yelled . 
 `` i just need to know where my parents and david went ! '' 
 eduardo peeked out again , his eyes wide as he pressed his forehead against the glass to stare at us . 
 `` callum ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` is it bad ? '' 
 the question could have meant several things , but callum nodded . 
 `` yes . 
 it 's bad . '' 
 eduardo 's breath fogged up the window as he blinked in horror . 
 `` did you escape ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 do you know where my family went ? '' 
 `` my mom said tower apartments . '' 
 `` thank you , '' callum said , taking a step back . 
 `` wait , '' eduardo said , pushing the window up . 
 callum took another step backward . 
 `` what 's your number ? '' 
 `` twenty-two , '' he said , holding his wrist up . 
 eduardo snickered . 
 `` aww , that 's precious . '' 
 i laughed and callum smiled at me . 
 `` who 's that ? '' 
 eduardo asked . 
 `` wren . 
 one-seventy-eight . 
 do n't call her precious . '' 
 `` one-seventy-eight ! '' 
 eduardo exclaimed too loudly . 
 `` for the love of texas ! '' 
 `` thank you , '' callum said as he pulled me to his side and we started to turn away . 
 `` wait , wait , '' eduardo called . 
 we faced him again and he chewed at his lip nervously . 
 `` after you died my mom asked me what i would want if i got sick . '' 
 `` what you would want ? '' 
 callum repeated . 
 `` yeah , you know . 
 if she should make sure . '' 
 he made a gun with his fingers and held it to his temple . 
 i 'd heard of it . 
 no one had ever asked my opinion on the matter , and i found i was n't sure what to say . 
 i looked up at callum to see a similar expression on his face . 
 he lifted his eyebrows at me in question . 
 `` no , '' i said . 
 eduardo looked at callum for confirmation , and for a long beat i thought he might disagree . 
 `` no , '' he finally said . 
 `` take your chances rebooting . '' 
 `` are you just saying that because your brain is all messed up now ? '' 
 eduardo asked . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 callum shook his head in amusement and eduardo grinned . 
 i gave callum a baffled look as he laughed and turned away . 
 i 'd never witnessed such a friendly exchange between a human and a reboot . 
 `` do you know where tower apartments are ? '' 
 he asked , swinging an arm over my shoulders . 
 `` i could probably get us to the general area . '' 
 i twisted around to look at eduardo 's closed window . 
 `` he was your friend ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` he was n't too scared of us . '' 
 `` most kids are more terrified of rebooting than the actual reboots themselves . '' 
 `` that makes sense , i guess . '' 
 we walked along the back of the neighborhood in silence . 
 with every step my dread increased , the slum i had known beginning to take shape in my head . 
 as we approached the wall i stopped and stared . 
 someone had painted it , a beautiful mural of children playing and people running in the sunshine . 
 i wanted to strangle the artist . 
 there were zero officers on this side of the wall . 
 who would want to sneak into the slums ? 
 `` wren , '' callum said , gesturing for me to follow him . 
 `` i 'm scared . '' 
 the admission came out of my mouth before i could stop it . 
 he looked up at the wall . 
 `` of going back ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` maybe it 's better than you remember . '' 
 i drew myself up to my pathetic little height and took a deep breath . 
 it was n't like i had a choice . 
 i had to go . 
 `` let me check it out first , '' i said . 
 i hoisted myself up and peeked over . 
 i saw nothing but grass until i looked to the left , and spotted an officer stationed several feet away . 
 `` quietly , '' i whispered to callum . 
 i jumped down , my feet making a soft thud . 
 the officer turned as callum landed next to me . 
 we took off , but only silence followed us . 
 the officer was either a rebel or could n't be bothered to care about a couple of crazy kids sneaking into the slums from the rico . 
 it looked familiar . 
 the center of the slums in the distance , the medical center looming to my right , the rows of shacks to my left . 
 it smelled like death . 
 the pure air of the rico was gone , the scent of flowers and grass just a memory . 
 it felt like home . 
 we were in the worst area of the slums , the part i had once lived in , and i squeezed my eyes shut when i recognized a large building full of little apartments . 
 `` are you trying to kill us ? '' 
 my foot caught on something and my face smacked into the dirt . 
 i gasped , pushing the images of my parents out of my head . 
 `` wren , '' callum said , kneeling down next to me . 
 my breath escaped in short gasps , like i was a human . 
 i struggled to my knees and pressed my hands into my thighs . 
 why had i agreed to come here ? 
 why had i done this to myself ? 
 callum scooped me up off the ground and carried me in his arms . 
 i put my face in his chest and tried to slow my breathing , but it still came in gasps that rocked my body . 
 he ducked behind the medical building and gently set me down . 
 i clutched my legs to my chest and he crouched in front of me , running his fingers into my hair . 
 `` i do n't want to be here , '' i whispered , burying my head in my knees in shame . 
 `` i know . '' 
 he kept stroking my hair and it calmed me , my breathing slowing until my body stopped shaking . 
 `` tell me a good memory , '' he said . 
 `` there are n't any . '' 
 `` there has to be at least one . '' 
 `` if there is i do n't remember it , '' i said . 
 `` think harder . '' 
 that seemed useless , but i shut my eyes and did it anyway . 
 nothing came except yelling and gunshots . 
 `` my mom told me i looked like a monkey , '' i finally said . 
 he looked at me in confusion . 
 `` sorry ? '' 
 `` she said when i slumped i looked like a monkey and i had a pretty face and i should n't hide it . '' 
 `` you do have a pretty face , '' he said with a little smile . 
 `` so that 's sort of happy , i guess . 
 it does n't make me feel bad , anyway . '' 
 `` what was she like ? '' 
 callum asked . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i remember only bits and pieces of her . '' 
 `` more now ? '' 
 he guessed . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` maybe that means you miss her . '' 
 `` maybe it means my subconscious is mean . '' 
 he laughed , leaning forward to gently kiss my forehead . 
 `` you miss your parents , '' i said . 
 it was n't a question . 
 `` yes . '' 
 he looked almost ashamed . 
 `` let 's go find them , then , '' i said with a sigh , slowly getting to my feet . 
 `` i need to get to guadalupe street to watch for shuttles soon . 
 adina 's supposed to be on assignment tonight . '' 
 `` are you okay ? 
 we can rest for longer if you want . '' 
 `` we rested all day . '' 
 `` well , it was n't all resting , '' he said with a teasing smile that made me blush . 
 he grabbed me around the waist and kissed me . 
 it was true that we 'd spent a very good portion of the day doing more kissing than sleeping . 
 `` thank you , '' he said when he released me . 
 `` for coming with me . 
 for not giving me shit about wanting to see my parents . '' 
 `` i have most definitely given you shit . '' 
 `` then thank you for giving me minimal shit . '' 
 `` you 're welcome . '' 
 `` that way ? '' 
 he asked , pointing . 
 i nodded and laced my fingers through his as we started down the road . 
 there were no humans out tonight . 
 not a single one , which confirmed that i remembered right-there was a strict curfew in the austin slums . 
 i kicked at the dirt with my boot , the wind blowing it back onto my pants . 
 the chilly breeze slapped at me , and i wrapped an arm around my stomach and scrunched my face up against it . 
 my feet dragged , the sound of my boots scraping against the ground comforting and familiar . 
 `` do you want to stop ? '' 
 callum asked , casting an amused glance down at my feet . 
 `` no . 
 it reminds me - '' i looked up to see the schoolhouse on my right . 
 the three white buildings looked the same . 
 it was bigger than the schoolhouse in rosa , and definitely cheerier . 
 they painted it with whatever materials they had . 
 someone had drawn big dripping flowers in some sort of thick black liquid . 
 the side of the biggest building was covered in something , and i took in a sharp breath as i remembered what it was . 
 `` can we pause for a minute ? '' 
 i asked , slipping my hand out of callum 's . 
 `` sure . 
 what is it ? '' 
 he asked , following me . 
 `` they do a photo collage . 
 of all the kids who died . '' 
 his face lit up . 
 `` you 're up there ? 
 the human you ? '' 
 he bounded ahead of me . 
 `` probably not . 
 i think the parents give them the photos . 
 but i thought maybe ... '' i stopped in front of the wall . 
 hundreds of photos were stuck to the building , protected behind thick plastic . 
 every month or so the teachers would remove the plastic and put the new ones up and we would gather around and tell stories about the kids we 'd lost . 
 `` what about this one ? '' 
 callum asked . 
 i looked at the lanky blond girl . 
 `` no . '' 
 my eyes scanned the pictures , but i did n't see my human self in any of them . 
 i doubted my parents had that many pictures of me , and i found it hard to believe anyone went looking for them after we died . 
 then i saw her . 
 the little girl did n't frown at the camera , but she was obviously displeased . 
 her blond hair was dirty and her clothes were too big , but she looked tough . 
 as tough as an eleven-year-old human could look . 
 her eyes were blue , the only part of her face that was pretty . 
 it was me . 
 i put my finger to the plastic , touching the ugly human 's little face . 
 `` is it you ? '' 
 callum asked , appearing next to me . 
 `` oh , it 's not . '' 
 `` yes , it is , '' i said softly . 
 he squinted at the picture in the darkness . 
 maybe he was looking at the sunken cheeks or the pointy chin or the way she stared past the camera . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes . 
 a teacher took it , i remember . '' 
 `` you look different now . '' 
 `` she was so ugly . '' 
 `` you were n't ugly , '' he said . 
 `` look at you . 
 you were cute . 
 not particularly happy , but cute . '' 
 `` she was never happy . '' 
 `` it 's freaking me out how you keep referring to yourself in the third person . '' 
 a smile crossed my lips . 
 `` sorry . 
 i do n't feel like that person anymore . '' 
 `` you 're not . '' 
 he glanced at it again . 
 `` i never thought about it before , but i 'm glad you 're not a human . 
 is that a weird thing to say ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i 'm glad you 're not a human , too . '' 
 i held my hand out to him . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 `` wait , '' he said , taking a camera from his bag . 
 he held it up close to the picture and snapped a shot . 
 `` you need at least one picture of her . '' 
 he stowed the camera away and took my hand as we headed into town . 
 the road widened as we walked past the market and shops . 
 the center of town was a long , straight road , one i had replaced in my head with the one from rosa . 
 it was n't the same . 
 the wooden buildings were all painted , like they belonged to rich people with money to spare . 
 but they were n't painted normal colors like white or gray . 
 they were done up with elaborate designs-huge pink flowers , orange-and-red flames spewing across doors , funky colorful skeletons dancing on the sides of buildings . 
 `` it 's nicer here than in rosa , '' callum said in surprise . 
 `` those are tower apartments , '' i said , pointing to the three-story complex at the end of the street . 
 he gave my hand a squeeze . 
 we had reached tower apartments faster than i had expected . 
 i was surprised i had taken us in the right direction , much less directly there . 
 `` they ... could be worse , '' callum said as he looked up at them . 
 they could be worse . 
 someone had painted a sun at the top edge of the building , and little trees and sky between the apartment windows . 
 i remembered none of that , only that at three stories , it was the tallest building in the austin slums . 
 we approached the door and callum studied the human occupancy register affixed to the wall . 
 `` apartment 203 , '' he said , pointing to the name reyes . 
 he pulled on the main door , but it was locked . 
 he yanked harder , until the lock gave in and we slipped through the door . 
 i trudged up the stairwell behind him and onto the second floor . 
 the walls were a plain , dingy white , the concrete floors dirty . 
 i could hear the muffled sounds of humans talking and callum pressed his ear to the door marked 203 . 
 he gestured for me to come closer but i moved forward only a few feet , dread setting itself squarely in my tummy . 
 i should have fought him harder on this . 
 he knocked , softly , and i heard the voices on the other side of the door go silent . 
 `` mom ? 
 dad ? '' 
 he whispered . 
 a bang erupted from the apartment and callum jumped . 
 i wanted to cover my eyes with my hands , hide until it was all over , but i stood firm . 
 the door opened a crack . 
 i could n't see anyone , but callum smiled . 
 the door inched open wider . 
 the man holding it ajar looked very much like callum . 
 he was tall and lanky with dark hair that was shaggy like the old pictures of his son . 
 his mouth opened in shock , his body trembling . 
 his eyes traveled up and down callum frantically , as if looking for something . 
 a woman appeared behind him , her dark hair pulled back in a messy bun . 
 she had the same olive complexion as callum , although her human skin was a bit darker , and while she had similar dark eyes , hers were wide and crazy . 
 she pressed her hand to her mouth , weird animal sounds coming from behind it . 
 `` it 's okay , it 's me , '' callum said , his smile fading . 
 i sucked in a breath and for a moment , hoped for the best . 
 the tears could be because they were so happy to see him . 
 the shock could be because they never expected to see him again . 
 they were going to wrap their arms around him and tell him they missed him . 
 his father let out a choked sob and squeezed his eyes shut . 
 he could n't look . 
 `` it 's still me , '' callum said desperately . 
 his mom wailed and i took a quick glance around . 
 the human in the apartment across the hall was peering out his cracked door . 
 i stepped forward and touched callum 's arm , his parents slipping into further hysterics when they saw me . 
 `` let 's go , '' i said gently . 
 `` mom ! '' 
 callum exclaimed . 
 he was on the edge of tears . 
 `` do n't you ... '' he grabbed her hand in both of his . 
 `` it 's still me , see ? '' 
 she put her hand over her face to cry harder , trying to yank the other one from his grasp . 
 he would have felt cold to her . 
 dead . 
 `` dad , look at me , '' he said , giving up on his mom and desperately trying to get his dad to meet his eyes . 
 `` just look ! '' 
 they did n't look , either of them . 
 his dad began making a desperate waving motion with his hands . 
 his eyes darted down the hallway as he tried to shoo his son away . 
 `` go . '' 
 his voice was low , strangled , as he pushed his wife behind him . 
 `` if they see you here ... '' harc would arrest both his parents if they found callum here . 
 `` but - '' callum took in a shaky breath as his eyes found something behind them . 
 i stood on my toes to see past his mom . 
 a dark-haired boy stood next to the couch . 
 david , i assumed . 
 his eyes were fixed on callum , but he made no move toward his brother . 
 `` go , '' his father repeated , taking a step backward into the apartment . 
 he slammed the door shut . 
 twenty-seven disappointment pushed at my chest as callum blinked at the spot where his parents had been . 
 maybe i had thought he was right about them . 
 i held my hand out to him , but he was alone in another world and had forgotten i existed . 
 i slipped my hand into his and he jumped . 
 `` let 's go , '' i said , gently tugging on his arm . 
 he let me lead him through the hallway and down the stairs , but he kept looking behind him , even after the door was no longer visible . 
 i was worried he 'd dart away from me and try again , so i gripped his fingers tighter as we made our way out into the cool night air . 
 callum stopped in front of the building , his jacket blowing open in the wind as he turned to look at me . 
 he was so still , so calm , that i was scared to move for fear of breaking him . 
 but we were out in the open , surrounded by apartment buildings with curious humans pressing their faces to the windows . 
 i could see david two floors up , his hands against the dingy glass , his mouth open wide . 
 so i gently pulled on callum 's hand and he followed me when i broke into a run . 
 we headed back down the long road and past the brightly painted houses again . 
 i did n't know where i was going , but when we approached the market callum veered off the road . 
 he pressed his hand to the back of his neck as he walked around the side of the wooden building and i silently followed him . 
 he reached out and touched the tips of his fingers to the wall , letting out a heavy sigh . 
 `` i need a minute . '' 
 he 'd closed his eyes but i nodded anyway , because i did n't know what else to do . 
 i should have already considered ways to comfort him . 
 i expected this . 
 why had n't i thought about it ? 
 standing there staring at him was undoubtedly not the right thing to do . 
 i wrapped an arm around his waist and pressed my cheek against his shoulder . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i whispered . 
 a few tears fell as he opened his eyes and planted a soft kiss on my forehead . 
 he cleared his throat as he pulled away from me and wiped his fingers across his eyes , his expression tinged with embarrassment as he tried to remove the evidence of his crying . 
 i thought it was more embarrassing to not be able to cry at all . 
 `` we need to go get adina , right ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i took that to mean he did n't want to talk about it . 
 i could n't blame him . 
 his hand was shaking violently when i slipped my fingers through his . 
 i took in a deep breath . 
 it could be because he was devastated about his parents . 
 or it could be because he was about to go insane . 
 either way , i refused to let him see my fear . 
 i held his hand tighter as we ducked out of the alley and hurried down the street . 
 the tiny houses were lined up right next to one another in this part of town , an occasional apartment complex stuck at the end of a street . 
 they were painted as well , some with colorful drawings , others with words . 
 fighting words . 
 words that would result in immediate arrest in rosa . 
 take back texas . 
 texans for freedom . 
 callum squinted at them as we passed . 
 `` it 's weird here , '' he mumbled . 
 he was right . 
 i remembered nothing clean or colorful or rebellious about the austin i grew up in . 
 something had changed . 
 the roar of the shuttle made me turn . 
 it touched down at the end of guadalupe street , and we hid against the side of a house as five reboots stepped out . 
 they all looked the same in their black clothes and helmets , but i could see a long , dark ponytail sticking out of the back of one helmet . 
 `` i think that might be her , '' i said , peering around the corner of the house as the reboots split up . 
 the dark-haired girl headed down first street and disappeared from view . 
 we took off after her at a slow pace , running behind the houses to stay out of sight of the other reboots . 
 we crossed onto first street and i spotted adina standing in front of a house , looking down at her assignment slip . 
 callum slumped against a wire fence , breathing heavily as he clutched his arms against his stomach . 
 `` i do n't think i should go in there with a human . '' 
 i hesitated , glancing from him to her . 
 he was probably right . 
 `` all right . 
 do n't move , okay ? 
 yell if you start feeling ... weird . 
 and be ready to run when we come back . '' 
 he nodded , waving me off . 
 adina was at the front door of the house , knocking as i silently hurried across the lawn . 
 she lifted her foot and smashed in the front door . 
 there were no human screams as i crept up the stairs behind her . 
 she stood in the middle of the small living room , her hands on her hips as she scanned from left to right . 
 the house appeared to be empty . 
 i grabbed her around the waist and a gasp escaped her mouth . 
 my other hand found her camera , ripping it off her helmet and tossing it against the wall . 
 she tore my arm off her stomach and swung at me , just barely missing my cheek . 
 i tried to catch her eye but she came at me again , hard and fast . 
 i ducked and swiped at her legs with my foot . 
 she jumped over them and smashed her right fist into my cheek . 
 i blinked , surprised . 
 she was good for a thirty-nine . 
 i dodged the next punch , grabbing her arm and twisting it behind her back . 
 i pulled her closer to me , until her face was inches from mine . 
 i did n't want to speak while her com was still in her ear , so i stared straight into her eyes . 
 her face crumpled in confusion and she shoved me away , lifting her arms like she was going to keep fighting me . 
 i raised my hands in surrender , pointing with one finger to my bar code . 
 she hesitantly took a step forward , nudging her helmet farther up to reveal wisps of long brown hair . 
 her wide brown-gold eyes flew up to mine , full of suspicion and curiosity . 
 i reached into my pocket and she grabbed my wrist , her fingers digging into my skin . 
 i gave her an annoyed look and shook her off , pulling leb 's note out . 
 i held it toward her and she frowned at it for several seconds before plucking it from my fingers . 
 her eyes skimmed over the words quickly , her expression unreadable . 
 when she looked up at me again i reached for the com in her ear . 
 she let me take it out and i clenched it in my fist . 
 `` do you want to come with me ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` to this reservation thing ? '' 
 she asked , glancing down at the note . 
 `` yes . '' 
 i took a quick glance behind me , through the front door . 
 callum was still slumped against the fence , his face lifted to the sky . 
 she did n't answer for several seconds . 
 she pressed her lips together , her eyebrows lowered in thought . 
 when she looked up at me again i was almost certain she would say no . 
 a few weeks ago , before callum , i would have said no . 
 she barely nodded . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yes , '' she said , carefully folding the note and slipping it into her pocket . 
 i crushed the com in my hand and dropped the pieces on the ground . 
 i pulled the tracker locator from my pocket and waved it over her body until it lit up , above her left collarbone . 
 `` your tracker , '' i whispered as i took my knife and sliced just under her neck . 
 she did n't flinch as i pulled the tracker out and carefully placed it on the ground . 
 `` wren , '' i said . 
 `` addie , '' she said . 
 `` you know my father ? '' 
 `` yes , but we need to run . 
 they - '' a scream pierced the night , strangled and terrified . 
 i whirled around to the front of the house , my eyes searching for callum . 
 he was gone . 
 i bolted out the door , addie 's footsteps following behind me as i flew down the steps and onto the grass . 
 the fence next door was open . 
 the front door broken down . 
 i raced through the yard and what remained of the front door . 
 the kitchen was in total disarray , chairs scattered around the room , the table overturned . 
 `` callum ? '' 
 i yelled . 
 a grunt came from the back room and i ran down the hallway . 
 i came to a sudden stop at the bedroom door . 
 the human was sprawled out on the floor , callum 's hands around his neck . 
 the man 's eyes stared blankly past me . 
 he was dead . 
 callum loosened his grip and opened his mouth wide , poised to take a big chunk out of the human 's neck . 
 i dove across the room , pushing callum off before he could sink his teeth in . 
 we hit the floor together and his teeth scraped against my arm as he growled and flailed . 
 i pushed his arms into the wood as i hauled myself on top of him . 
 `` callum , '' i said through gritted teeth , slamming his arms down as he struggled against me . 
 i looked from the dead man to callum . 
 i could n't let him see that . 
 if i got him out of the room i would n't have to tell him at all . 
 he did n't need to know . 
 `` get his feet , '' i said to addie , grabbing callum underneath the arms . 
 she did as i said , yanking callum 's feet together when he tried to kick her . 
 `` he 's an under-sixty ? '' 
 she asked as we lifted him off the ground . 
 `` yes . 
 twenty-two . '' 
 `` she 's gone ! 
 thirty-nine is gone ! '' 
 the man 's yell from next door made both our heads snap up . 
 we had to hurry . 
 addie ran backward through the room and for the door at the rear of the house , whipping her head around every few seconds to see where she was going as we lugged callum with us . 
 the front door banged open as we flew out the back and i looked desperately for a hiding place . 
 there was no way to run far with callum like this , not with them right behind us . 
 the backyard was fenced in by some rotting wood and i sprinted across the grass , callum bouncing in my grasp . 
 he was n't struggling much anymore . 
 instead he was blinking and shaking his head , as if trying to clear his thoughts . 
 addie unhooked the gate and we scrambled into the alley , yells and footsteps not far behind us . 
 i dug my fingers into callum 's shoulders as we ran . 
 i could n't come this far and get caught . 
 addie made a sharp turn as we approached a poorly paved road dotted with run-down homes and a few shops . 
 i let her lead since she knew the town better than i did , and i did n't have any other bright ideas . 
 the shouts were louder as she tore through a yard and around to the back of a house . 
 a dim light flickered inside and i tried to run as quietly as possible . 
 we were headed for a shed , a tiny rectangle-shaped one that looked like it was barely big enough to fit all three of us . 
 addie dropped callum 's legs and they skidded against the dirt until he found his footing . 
 he gently shrugged me off and i let him go as addie threw open the shed door . 
 we raced inside and i stumbled over a rake and a toolbox before finding a spot against the wall . 
 callum slid down next to me and i wanted to tell him not to sit , to be prepared to run , but he looked so utterly freaked out that i could n't find the words . 
 addie tried to close the door but it looked like she 'd broken the lock , so she gave up and held on to the handle , keeping it closed as she leaned forward to listen . 
 there was yelling nearby and i closed my fingers over the gun on my hip . 
 `` is that adina ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 callum whispered , turning his face up to mine . 
 his eyes were huge and worried , like he already suspected something . 
 `` you lost it for a minute there , '' i whispered as the voices outside began to fade . 
 `` and yes , i 'm addie , '' she said . 
 callum looked at her , but she stayed focused on the outside . 
 his head swung back to me and i had to drop my eyes because i did n't want him to see the fear there . 
 `` wren . '' 
 his voice was firm , controlled . 
 `` what just happened ? '' 
 i should have come up with a lie . 
 a story to tell him to fill in the holes . 
 maybe i could just tell him he attacked someone and i pulled him off in time . 
 but that lie made me feel sick . 
 he 'd thank me and his gratitude would likely make me hurl . 
 i 'd waited too long to answer and he was staring at me like he already knew something terrible had happened . 
 i was shaking a little as i crossed my arms over my chest . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i whispered . 
 `` i should n't have left you . '' 
 `` i hurt someone ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 my throat burned again and i tried to swallow . 
 it did n't help . 
 `` i killed someone ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i choked out . 
 he was silent and i looked up . 
 he was perfectly still , the horror creeping over his features . 
 `` it 's not your fault , '' addie said . 
 `` i 've seen what the shots do and been there myself and - '' callum held his hand up and she closed her mouth , shrugging her shoulders at me like she did n't know what else to say . 
 i did n't , either . 
 the footsteps outside were gone so i slid down the wall beside him . 
 his eyes were closed , his hands clasped together at the back of his neck . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i whispered . 
 `` it 's my fault . 
 i said i would n't let you hurt anyone and i did . '' 
 what was one more body to add to my tally ? 
 i wanted to point that out to him , to remind him that i 'd killed more people than he ever would . 
 but i doubted that would be comforting . 
 he shook his head , dropping his hands from his neck and looking me straight in the eye . 
 i thought he would be sad , but his eyes were hard , angry . 
 i braced myself , thinking he was going to yell at me , but he slipped his hand into mine and squeezed it . 
 `` it 's not your fault , '' he said . 
 `` it 's harc 's fault . '' 
 addie muttered something that sounded like agreement . 
 my head snapped up as it occurred to me that she might be in the same situation as callum . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` did they give you shots ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i 'm fine for now , though . 
 i 'm between rounds . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 callum asked . 
 `` they do multiple rounds , '' addie said . 
 `` you must be on the first . '' 
 `` i guess . 
 i was only there a few weeks . '' 
 `` yeah , probably on the first , then . 
 you start going off the deep end , then they 'll give you something that makes you feel normal again . 
 some sort of cure or antidote or something . 
 then they start it up again . '' 
 callum 's eyes widened with hope at the same time mine did . 
 `` i do n't know that for sure , '' addie said quickly . 
 `` but my friends said i was a mess last week and now i 'm fine . 
 good timing , by the way . 
 thanks for that . '' 
 `` your dad might have known , '' i said . 
 it could be why he was so quick to get us the tracker locator . 
 i made a fist and dug my fingers into my palm . 
 leb had n't bothered to check on callum 's status . 
 `` if there is an antidote , maybe the rebels will have it , '' callum said hopefully . 
 `` or they 'll get it for us . '' 
 i gave him a doubtful look . 
 i 'd barely persuaded leb to help us , and only in exchange for something . 
 `` i ca n't stay like this . '' 
 he swallowed , turning to addie . 
 `` i 'll just get worse , right ? '' 
 `` probably , '' she said quietly . 
 `` the ones who did n't get multiple rounds , the ones they let run the course ... yeah , they never got better . '' 
 the lump in my throat was unexpected , and i had to swallow several times before i could speak . 
 `` we have to at least ask the rebels , '' he said . 
 i nodded . 
 `` we will . 
 and when they say no we 'll go get it ourselves . '' 
 addie raised her eyebrows . 
 `` seriously ? 
 you know you 'll have to go inside harc to get it . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 she pressed her lips together as she took a step toward me . 
 `` you just broke me out and now you want to - '' a noise outside made us turn . 
 the shed door swung open . 
 it was a harc officer . 
 pointing a gun at us . 
 twenty-eight i shot to my feet and dove for the officer , painfully aware that i did n't have a helmet . 
 addie got there first , grabbing the officer 's arm just as he got a shot off . 
 the bullet sailed past her and through the shed wall . 
 he fired again and addie stumbled as the bullet hit her chest . 
 the officer whirled around to me just as i slammed into him , knocking him into the dirt . 
 callum scrambled across the ground and wrestled the gun from the officer 's grasp . 
 the shouts outside meant the other officers in the area had heard the commotion . 
 i stomped on the human 's leg until i heard a crack , and he screamed and clawed at the dirt to get away from me . 
 i jumped over him and ran through the door , reaching my hand out for callum 's . 
 he grabbed it and addie dashed through the door behind him . 
 we ran across the yard and back to the poorly paved street . 
 i whipped my head around to see a group of about five officers chasing us . 
 i ducked as one fired , putting my hands over the back of my head like that would stop a bullet . 
 addie 's long legs made her a fast runner , and she pulled ahead of us and turned left as she approached a crossroads . 
 bullets flew past my ears as we sprinted after her just in time to see her take another sharp left behind a two-story building . 
 i rounded the building and she was waiting at the far edge , back pressed against the side as she watched the street we 'd just come from . 
 the officers blew past and we waited half a second before darting back out to the street and running the opposite direction . 
 we got to the edge of town , where the trees were thick before giving way to the open land in front of the harc fence . 
 we stopped in the darkness there , and i turned to look out at the houses in the distance . 
 the harc officers were nowhere in sight , but shuttles hovered over the city , spotlights sweeping the streets . 
 `` this ... was the entirety of your plan ... was n't it ? '' 
 addie gasped , putting a hand against a tree as she tried to catch her breath . 
 `` just grab me and run ? '' 
 `` you have a better one ? '' 
 callum asked with a frown . 
 `` i 'm willing to bet i could come up with something . '' 
 i rolled my eyes as i pulled the map of austin out of my pocket . 
 we were n't far from the rebels . 
 we could make it to their house in about ten minutes , once we were sure we 'd lost harc . 
 `` you feel all right ? '' 
 i asked callum . 
 he nodded . 
 `` okay . 
 still ... '' he held out his hand to show me how badly it was shaking . 
 `` you should eat some meat , '' addie said . 
 `` it helps . 
 especially with the whole ` wanting to eat humans ' thing . 
 it , like , tricks your system for a while or something . '' 
 `` we 'll get you some as soon as we get to the rebels , '' i said , taking another glance around before i plopped down on the grass . 
 callum sat beside me and laced his shaky fingers through mine . 
 i wanted to climb in his lap and squeeze him until i 'd convinced him-and myself-that everything was fine . 
 i resisted , since addie would probably not appreciate it . 
 she was still standing , reading the note from her father again . 
 `` why 'd he send you ? '' 
 she asked , not looking up . 
 `` because i wanted a way out and made a deal . '' 
 `` he helped you if you helped me , '' she said . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` you could have broken the deal . 
 just taken off . '' 
 `` we do n't get the location of the reservation until i bring you to the rebels . '' 
 she bit down on her lip and sighed . 
 `` they do n't trust us at all . '' 
 `` leb was very good to me , '' i said , guilt invading my chest as i realized the disappointment on her face was for her father . 
 `` the best officer i worked with . 
 and he said he had other kids , so it made sense he did n't want to risk everything . '' 
 `` i guess . '' 
 she glanced at callum . 
 `` did you leave because you were going crazy ? '' 
 `` no , that happened after . '' 
 he let out a humorless laugh , rubbing a hand down his face . 
 `` they were going to eliminate me because i did n't want to kill anyone . '' 
 addie looked away , clearly uncomfortable , and i squeezed his hand . 
 he 'd found something in the distance to stare at and i wanted desperately to change the subject . 
 addie slid down onto the ground and we sat in silence for a long time , listening to the distant sound of officers and shuttles . 
 callum 's hand was warm in mine , but i was still trembling . 
 i thought it was more from fear than from the wind whipping across my cheeks . 
 callum 's face was turned to the ground , and i tried not to look at him , but his distraught expression was like a magnet . 
 i found myself opening and shutting my mouth as i tried to think of something comforting to say , but there was nothing . 
 i 'd opened my mouth for the hundredth time when addie stood up , brushing off her pants . 
 `` i do n't hear anything , '' she said , tilting her head toward the quiet city . 
 `` want to make a run for it ? '' 
 i nodded , offering my hand to callum as i got to my feet . 
 he stood and crossed his arms over his chest , letting out a big breath of air as he scanned the area in front of us . 
 it was clear , the officers and shuttles gone . 
 `` you all right ? '' 
 i asked , lightly touching his arm . 
 he nodded without meeting my eyes . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 let 's go meet these rebels . '' 
 twenty-nine the address leb gave us for the rebels was past the schoolhouse and in an area of town i 'd known well as a child . 
 the road curved and the houses were run-down and sad , some falling apart . 
 it was more like rosa in this part of the austin slums , although many houses were painted bright , happy colors . 
 we half jogged , half sprinted across the town , scurrying behind buildings and trees at every noise . 
 it was pitch-black , but the sun would start to rise any minute , and i wanted to get to the rebels before it was light out . 
 `` that one , '' i said , pointing as we approached a dirt road . 
 i slowed to a walk as we turned down it , glancing along the row of brown houses . 
 according to the map , it was the last house on the right . 
 we reached the end of the street and trudged across the patchy , brown grass to the front door . 
 this house was n't painted . 
 it was brown wood and windowless at the front and narrower than the houses on either side , but extended a bit farther in back . 
 if the point was to not stand out , they had succeeded . 
 i glanced around the side of the house to see a short wooden fence . 
 i gestured for addie and callum to follow . 
 `` follow me , '' i whispered , quickly darting around . 
 we hopped the fence and landed in the dirt of a tiny backyard . 
 i crept up to the brown door at the back of the house and softly rapped my knuckles against the wood . 
 nothing . 
 i knocked again , a little harder , casting a nervous glance at callum . 
 dealing with humans made me fidgety . 
 i hated relying on them for anything , and i could see by the hope in his eyes that he expected these people would have all the answers . 
 `` what ? '' 
 a man 's voice said very quietly , from the other side of the door . 
 `` it 's us , '' i said in a low voice . 
 `` um , leb sent us ? '' 
 silence followed my words , then a flurry of noise . 
 they were whispering to one another and running around . 
 i dropped callum 's hand and reached to finger the gun at my hip . 
 i would n't draw a weapon yet . 
 i 'd give them a chance . 
 it took at least a minute , but the door finally swung open to reveal a bleary-eyed boy with messy , dark curls , pointing a shotgun at my head . 
 giving humans a chance was a dumb idea . 
 i grabbed my gun , but the human quickly held out his hand for me to stop . 
 he was trembling . 
 `` i do n't want to use it , '' he said . 
 `` we 're just cautious here . 
 if you 'd like to come inside , we 're going to need all your weapons . '' 
 `` but you get to keep yours ? '' 
 callum asked . 
 callum 's easy , relaxed tone unsettled the human . 
 i could see it in the way his eyes flicked between us , swallowing hard as he looked callum up and down . 
 he was much shorter than callum-almost as short as me , actually-and he looked ridiculous pointing the gun at him . 
 we were probably about the same age , although he could have been a bit younger . 
 `` if you want to come inside you have to give up your weapons , '' he repeated . 
 `` fine , '' i said , holding my gun out . 
 i did n't need it anyway . 
 with the way the guy was shaking , i could take his gun , break his neck , and dance on the body in two seconds flat . 
 i smiled as i handed it over . 
 `` anything else ? '' 
 he asked , lowering the shotgun . 
 he looked pointedly at addie . 
 `` i got nothing , '' she said , holding up her hands . 
 i slipped the knife out of my pocket and gave him that as well . 
 he took it , glancing over his shoulder . 
 he shifted from foot to foot , obviously unsure of what to do next . 
 a man appeared behind him . 
 he was much taller than the boy , and he gripped at the edge of the door with a massive hand . 
 he also looked like he 'd just woken up , and he ran a hand through his gray-streaked hair as he squinted at us . 
 `` which one is wren ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` me . '' 
 `` adina , then ? '' 
 he asked , and she nodded . 
 he focused on callum . 
 `` and you 're twenty-two . '' 
 `` callum . '' 
 `` tony , '' he said . 
 he put his hand on the boy 's shoulder . 
 `` this is gabe . 
 leb assured us you would n't kill us . 
 are we all still good with that plan ? '' 
 the question was directed at me . 
 callum actually laughed a little , and a smile twitched at the edges of my lips . 
 `` yes . '' 
 tony jerked his head and gabe stepped back , keeping the gun trained on us as i crossed over the threshold . 
 the wood floors creaked beneath my boots and i squinted in the darkness as tony led us through a hallway and into the living room . 
 the light came from a couple little lamps in the living room . 
 the only window , in the kitchen to my left , was covered by dark curtains . 
 there was another human , this one lanky with thick brown hair to his shoulders , sitting on the plushy brown couch , his eyebrows lowered in a frown . 
 he looked to be about the same age as tony , and he watched my every move as i stepped inside . 
 my eyes darted to the kitchen , but it seemed they were the only humans in the house . 
 tony took big strides across the living room and stopped at the kitchen table , picking up a piece of paper . 
 he headed back to me and held it out . 
 `` as promised . '' 
 it was a map . 
 i took it from him and looked from the drawing of texas to the instructions written below . 
 the reboot reservation was several hundred miles north , not far from what used to be the border of texas . 
 `` we can help you part of the way , '' he said . 
 `` you can stay here until tomorrow night , then - '' he stopped . 
 his eyes were focused intently on callum , and i turned to see him pressed against the wall , his hand covering his nose and mouth . 
 his whole body was shaking . 
 `` oh , jesus . 
 he 's been given shots , has n't he ? '' 
 tony asked . 
 `` yes . 
 you - '' `` desmond , go get some rope , '' he said , and the lanky guy hopped to his feet and scurried down the hallway . 
 he emerged a moment later with two lengths of rope and headed for callum . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i asked , jumping in front of him . 
 `` sit down , '' tony said to callum . 
 `` hands behind your back . '' 
 callum stepped forward like he was going to listen to this human , and i grabbed his arm , pulling him closer to me . 
 desmond kept coming like he intended to push past me and i gave him a look like i dared him to try . 
 tony put his arm out to stop him . 
 `` it 's for our safety , '' tony explained . 
 `` under-sixties ca n't be controlled on those crazy drugs harc gives them . '' 
 `` it 's fine , wren , '' callum said , running a hand down my arm before stepping closer to desmond and tony . 
 desmond gestured for him to sit and he slid down onto the floor behind the couch . 
 he put his hands behind his back and desmond began looping the rope around them . 
 `` you 're in between rounds still , are n't you ? '' 
 tony asked addie . 
 `` yes . '' 
 she glanced at me . 
 `` i told them there might be an antidote ? 
 or something to make him better ? '' 
 desmond tightened the ropes on callum 's wrists and moved down to bind his ankles . 
 `` there is one . 
 we do n't have it , though . '' 
 `` who has it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` is it at harc ? '' 
 `` do you want to sit ? '' 
 tony asked , gesturing to the kitchen table . 
 `` do you want some water or coffee or something ? '' 
 i paused . 
 what was wrong with these humans ? 
 they seriously wanted to have water and coffee with a bunch of reboots ? 
 addie started toward the table but i was n't leaving callum tied up on the floor by himself while i had a cup of coffee . 
 i sat down next to him and he gave me a small smile . 
 `` i just want to know how to get the antidote . '' 
 i crossed my legs and met tony 's eyes . 
 he actually looked sad for a moment and his sympathy made me uncomfortable . 
 i did n't know how to handle that look from most people , much less a human . 
 `` it 's in the medical labs at harc . 
 there 's ... no way . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 there was no way for him . 
 `` do n't you have people on the inside ? '' 
 addie asked . 
 `` like my dad ? '' 
 `` i 'm on the inside , '' tony said , leaning against the wall . 
 `` i 've been a harc guard for years . '' 
 adina gave him a confused look . 
 `` where ? 
 i 've never seen you . '' 
 `` i work up on the human floors , in the control rooms . '' 
 he turned to me . 
 `` but i can tell you there 's no way one of our guys can get the antidote out . 
 we do n't have any people in medical and they search everyone before they leave . '' 
 he gave me that awful sympathetic look again . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 if he told me he was sorry one more time i 'd snap his neck . 
 `` that 's fine , '' i said . 
 `` i 'll just have to break in and get it myself . '' 
 gabe laughed , cutting off when i turned to him . 
 he swallowed . 
 `` oh . 
 you were serious . '' 
 tony and desmond exchanged a confused look . 
 tony turned to me and seemed to consider his words carefully . 
 `` hon , you were just in harc for five years , yes ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 do n't call me hon. '' `` my apologies . 
 so if you were just there , you know the security . 
 you might get in . 
 and that is a very big might . 
 but you would never get out . '' 
 `` what about in the middle of the night ? '' 
 addie asked . 
 `` skeleton crew . '' 
 `` she 's still way outnumbered . 
 and they 'd just lock the doors . 
 cameras would see her . '' 
 `` we 'll find a way to cut the power , '' i said . 
 `` backup generators , '' tony said . 
 `` they kick on in about a minute . 
 you could n't do it in time . '' 
 i clasped my hands together as a rock started to form in the bottom of my stomach . 
 i did n't care what they said . 
 i was finding a way to get that antidote . 
 `` a bomb , '' i said . 
 `` what if we blew up a portion of the place ? 
 no one would miss it . '' 
 desmond snorted . 
 `` i do like that idea . '' 
 `` i do n't , '' addie said with a frown . 
 `` you might kill the reboots . '' 
 `` not to mention we 're a bit short on bombs here , '' tony said . 
 `` listen , hon-sorry , wren-if i thought there was a way you could do it , i would tell you . 
 but there 's nothing you can do . '' 
 he let out a long sigh . 
 `` i mean , maybe if you had an army of reboots . 
 but failing that , i 've got nothing . '' 
 i froze , my eyes darting to addie 's . 
 we had the same thought . 
 `` how many are in there ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` there 's like a hundred and something . '' 
 she looked at tony , her eyes flashing with excitement . 
 `` right ? 
 a little over a hundred ? '' 
 `` you mean in the austin facility ? 
 yeah , there 're about a hundred reboots left there . 
 but they 're not an army ; they 're prisoners . '' 
 i glanced at callum , who had an eyebrow cocked , his expression disbelieving . 
 i put my hand on his knee and gave it a gentle squeeze before facing tony . 
 `` then we 'll go let them all out . '' 
 thirty i turned to the front door as another human entered . 
 they 'd been coming in a steady stream for the last hour , and the kitchen was starting to get full . 
 they were all gathered around tony , and i could hear snatches of conversation as they debated whether or not to help me . 
 they seemed torn between calling the plan `` idiotic '' or `` genius . '' 
 tony and desmond had stepped away as soon as i broached the idea of freeing all the reboots in austin . 
 they 'd had a heated argument in a back room , which ended with desmond storming out , only to return with the first of the rebels . 
 the rebels were mostly men , but they varied in age . 
 some looked about sixteen or seventeen , like gabe , while others were going gray . 
 i 'd thought gabe was tony 's son , but he did n't call him dad , and i 'd heard gabe tell addie he grew up in the orphanage . 
 i was n't sure what these people had in common , besides an obvious hatred of harc and an odd urge to help reboots . 
 they were a strange bunch . 
 desmond caught me staring at them and his eyebrows lowered . 
 he leaned against the kitchen wall , crossing one black boot over the other , and did n't shy away when i met his gaze . 
 he 'd been the most vocal in his opposition to the rebels helping me - `` i 'm not dying for them '' were his exact words-and i could see his point . 
 still , he was one of the humans in the room who did n't seem the least bit scared of us , and i did n't know what to make of that . 
 a short man stopped in front of me and addie , planting his hands on his hips as he looked down at us . 
 `` they took you while you were on assignment last night ? '' 
 he asked addie with half a smile . 
 `` yeah , '' she said , shooting me a wary glance . 
 `` were you on first street ? 
 or was one of your cohorts ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' she said in surprise . 
 `` i was sent there , but the assignment was n't home . '' 
 the man chuckled . 
 `` yep , that was me . '' 
 he lifted his arms in victory . 
 `` slipped by 'em again ! '' 
 `` you 're henry ? '' 
 addie asked with a laugh . 
 `` sure am . '' 
 he grinned before heading into the kitchen to join the other rebels . 
 addie watched him go . 
 `` these humans are weird . '' 
 she put her elbow on her knee and propped her head up on her hand . 
 `` but we ca n't do it without them , you know . '' 
 `` we ? '' 
 i asked , raising my eyebrows at her . 
 we were still sitting on the floor behind the couch , callum silent and motionless beside me . 
 `` please do n't tell me you think you can break into harc all by yourself , '' she said . 
 `` i just did n't realize you wanted to help . '' 
 `` my friends are all in there . 
 of course i want to help . '' 
 she squinted at the rebels in the kitchen . 
 `` i wish my dad had been able to come today . 
 i would have liked to talk to him . '' 
 `` i doubt he could get out of rosa . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 she frowned slightly . 
 `` i ca n't believe he works for harc . 
 i mean , i know he 's with the rebels , but still . 
 it 's odd . '' 
 `` he did n't last time you saw him ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she snorted . 
 `` definitely not . 
 i have n't seen him since i died six years ago , so i guess stuff changes , but he hated harc . 
 i died at home of kdh and after i rebooted he kept me . 
 said he was n't letting harc have me . '' 
 `` you 're kidding . 
 for how long ? '' 
 the parents who wanted to keep their rebooted children were few and far between , although i was n't entirely surprised leb was one of them . 
 `` just a couple weeks . 
 i eventually got all this clarity and realized he could n't keep me hidden forever . 
 they would have caught him . 
 so one day when he went to work i just left . 
 i went to the medical center and told them i was an orphan . '' 
 that explained how leb was able to work at harc when he had a reboot kid . 
 they did n't know . 
 a grunt from callum made me turn . 
 he was leaning against the back of the couch , staring vacantly at the wall . 
 i wrapped my fingers around his arm and it took several seconds for him to blink and turn to look at me . 
 his eyes did n't focus quite right . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` do you want some food ? '' 
 he did n't respond . 
 his eyes drifted from me to the humans and he snapped his teeth , letting out a low growl . 
 i quickly pulled back my hand and scooted away when he began struggling against the ropes . 
 the humans turned at the commotion and tony stepped out of the crowd , hands on his hips . 
 `` why do n't you take him back to the bedroom ? '' 
 he suggested . 
 `` he should n't be in here with all of us . '' 
 addie grabbed for callum 's bound feet and i hooked my arms under his shoulders . 
 he twisted in our grasp and addie took hurried steps toward the hallway at the back of the house , opening the second door on the right . 
 the room held nothing but a bed and a dresser . 
 there was a small pile of clothes in the corner , and a few books on the dresser , but i did n't see much callum could damage if he thrashed around the room in an effort to escape the ropes . 
 we put him on the bed and callum stopped struggling as i ran my hand up his forehead and into his hair . 
 he gave me a faint smile before closing his eyes , and i wished i could crawl into the bed with him . 
 addie slipped out of the room and tony appeared in the doorway , gesturing for me to follow him . 
 i stepped into the hallway and closed the door behind us . 
 `` here 's the thing , '' he said quietly , taking a quick glance behind him at the humans in the kitchen . 
 `` you 've got a lot of people in there who want to help you . '' 
 i would n't have guessed that from the conversations i 'd heard , not to mention the way everyone was looking at me . 
 `` but this sort of thing would be most effective if we had a couple weeks to plan , '' he continued . 
 `` we could find the best way in and out , maybe try to get some of our people in key positions the night we do it . 
 but ... '' he glanced at the bedroom door . 
 `` they do n't want me to tell you , but i do n't feel right about it . '' 
 `` tell me what ? '' 
 i asked , my stomach twisting into knots . 
 `` the antidote has a window . 
 if you wait too long , and he 's too far gone , it 's going to be useless . '' 
 i swallowed down the lump in my throat , and when i spoke my voice sounded funny . 
 `` what 's the window ? 
 how long do i have ? '' 
 `` you definitely do n't have a couple weeks , '' he said . 
 `` which is why they did n't want me to tell you . 
 i 'd say you 're probably within the acceptable range , but you do n't have a lot of time . 
 how long has he been like this ? '' 
 `` he started feeling weird and shaking three days ago , i think . 
 but he just started blacking out and losing it yesterday . '' 
 tony winced , running a hand through his hair . 
 `` yeah . 
 you do n't have a lot of time . '' 
 `` how much ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 this is a new program ; the medical team is still figuring it out themselves . 
 they 're letting some of them run the course to see what happens , and it 's not good news . 
 but i 'd say ... maybe not more than a day . 
 you might have more , but it 's risky . '' 
 i pressed a hand to the wall because the world had started to sway a little and i was worried i 'd fall over . 
 `` so we 'd need to go tonight . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 i closed my eyes briefly . 
 `` what is the point of this ? 
 is harc trying to get rid of us ? '' 
 `` oh no . 
 they need you guys . 
 but they need you as aggressive , mindless soldiers . 
 they 're not getting that , particularly from the under-sixties . 
 this is the solution . 
 or it will be , if they ever get it to work right . '' 
 they needed more of me , basically . 
 me , with a lot less free will . 
 i took a deep breath and nodded at tony . 
 `` okay . 
 i 'm going tonight , whether you help me or not . 
 you can tell them that . '' 
 a smile twitched the edge of his mouth . 
 `` yeah , i figured . '' 
 he turned to go and i grabbed a corner of his shirt , making him stop . 
 i crossed my arms over my chest and tried my best not to look at him suspiciously , but i was pretty sure i failed . 
 `` why are you freeing reboots ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` what 's wrong with you ? '' 
 he laughed , rubbing a hand over his mouth . 
 `` what 's wrong with me ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 you 've been getting reboots out and just letting them go , right ? '' 
 `` we have been , yes . 
 it was really the only solution . '' 
 `` solution to what ? '' 
 `` to getting rid of harc . 
 to actually have a shot at equal shares of food and medicine and everything harc gives to the folks on the other side of the wall because they think we 're a lost cause . 
 we have no chance against harc with all of you on their side . '' 
 `` but harc is keeping you safe , '' i said , the mantra i 'd heard a hundred times during my five years as a reboot . 
 `` from us , from the viruses , from criminals ... '' `` debatable , '' tony said , lifting an eyebrow . 
 `` they might have started out like that , but they 're certainly not doing that anymore . 
 most of those criminals '' - he rolled his eyes when he said the word - `` you went after were one of us . 
 or were just people who wanted to do something crazy like , i do n't know , keep their eight-year-old kid who died and came back to life . 
 everyone bought into this line harc fed us about you all being these soulless creatures . 
 most humans have never even talked to a reboot . '' 
 he did have a point . 
 the majority of humans only saw us when we were on assignment , when we were hunting them down . 
 we were rarely allowed to say one word to them . 
 `` come on , '' tony said , jerking his head toward the kitchen . 
 `` if we 're going to do this tonight we need to start planning . '' 
 i pushed open the bedroom door a sliver , but callum was still , his eyes closed . 
 i wanted to stay with him , but tony was right . 
 i could n't just bust into harc and hope for the best . 
 we needed a plan . 
 i followed tony into the kitchen , gesturing for addie to come as well . 
 the humans were at the table , sitting on the counter , standing in clumps , and they all stopped talking when we walked in . 
 `` tonight or not at all , '' tony said . 
 he put a hand on my shoulder and i jumped , bumping into addie . 
 `` that 's wren 's deal . '' 
 `` good , '' desmond said . 
 `` no deal . 
 dumb idea anyway ; let 's all go home . '' 
 tony shot him a look and desmond sighed , leaning back against the wall and muttering to himself . 
 then they were all talking at once again , and tony held up his hands . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 `` just calm down for a second . 
 what are the absolute essentials ? 
 what has to happen for us to pull this off ? '' 
 `` you have to take out the power so they can get in unseen , '' a short , balding man piped up . 
 `` but you said there were backup generators , '' addie said . 
 `` there are , '' the human replied . 
 `` but they take a minute , and you have a much better chance of getting in while the power is out . '' 
 `` right , '' tony said . 
 `` you could probably get into the building before the power kicked on again . '' 
 `` we 'd need to unlock the reboots ' rooms first , right ? '' 
 addie asked . 
 `` they 'll all be locked in that time of night . '' 
 `` yes , '' desmond said . 
 `` control room on the fourth floor , and there will be armed guards in there . 
 i 'd suggest you go together to unlock them . 
 then addie can run up to eight to get the reboots out and wren can go to the medical labs on seven . '' 
 `` and where are we all going to go once we escape ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` are we just running and hoping for the best ? '' 
 desmond let out a long , exaggerated sigh to let us know how he felt about that idea . 
 `` suggestion , des ? '' 
 tony asked with a half smile . 
 `` they ca n't just run , '' he said , throwing up his arms in annoyance . 
 `` even if some of them make it , harc will jump in their shuttles and kill half of them from the sky . '' 
 `` good point , '' addie said , chewing on her lip . 
 `` can we disable the shuttles ? '' 
 `` if we have a few volunteers willing to do that , yes , '' tony said . 
 `` we could sneak in the garage and mess with the engines enough to at least delay them . 
 we 'd have to move fast , but i think we 'd get most of them . '' 
 the shuttles . 
 harc had big shuttles , transport shuttles they usually used to move large groups of human criminals around . 
 it was hundreds of miles to the reboot reservation , but if we got our hands on a few of those , we 'd be there in a matter of hours . 
 `` what if we just took the shuttles ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` sorry ? '' 
 tony asked . 
 `` how hard are they to drive ? 
 what if we took a couple big ones , like the transport ones , and just flew out of there ? '' 
 `` uh ... well , you could , i suppose , '' tony said . 
 `` they 're not hard to pilot . 
 i could probably draw you guys a diagram and we could have a quick lesson . 
 i imagine you 'd crash on landing , but that 's not really a concern for reboots . '' 
 `` do they have a gps tracking system ? '' 
 addie asked . 
 `` yeah . 
 not hard to remove , though . 
 i could do it by the time y ' all were ready to go . '' 
 his eyes darted around the room . 
 `` i 'll need help , though . '' 
 the silence ticked by and desmond crossed his arms over his chest with a frown . 
 the rest of the humans seemed intent on avoiding my gaze , except for gabe , who was lounging against the wall next to a blond guy who looked about our age . 
 `` i 'll help , '' gabe said . 
 tony scrunched his face up like he was going to object , but the blond boy interjected before he could . 
 `` come on . 
 you said we could n't go in the building . 
 you never said anything about the garage . '' 
 desmond snorted . 
 `` you did say that . '' 
 tony rolled his eyes and gave the guys an amused look . 
 `` fine . 
 gabe and zeke , you 'll be with me . '' 
 he turned to desmond . 
 `` are you up for cutting the power ? 
 you could do it from several blocks away . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i 'll do it . '' 
 he was n't thrilled about it , though . 
 `` okay . '' 
 tony clapped his hands together . 
 `` good . 
 i 've got a guy bringing us the schematic of the building , so we 'll go over that when he gets here . 
 do you two want to rest or anything ? 
 food , maybe ? '' 
 my stomach jumped at the mere mention of food . 
 `` food would be great if you have any . '' 
 `` sure thing , '' he said , pointing to the table . 
 `` have a seat . '' 
 addie and i sat down at the kitchen table and most of the humans cleared out , going to sit in the living room or disappearing out the back door on errands . 
 i kept a watch on callum 's door , but no one went near it . 
 tony put sandwiches in front of addie and me . 
 the bread was soft and fresh , the bean spread and vegetables inside delicious . 
 he seemed pleased as i took giant bites , and i managed a thank-you in between chewing . 
 `` you are very welcome . 
 that one on the counter is for callum if you want to bring it to him later . '' 
 he put a couple glasses of water on the table and headed for the humans in the living room . 
 `` let me know if you need anything . '' 
 `` weird , '' addie muttered , shooting me a confused look . 
 `` right ? '' 
 let him know if we needed anything ? 
 bizarre . 
 `` you do n't think they 're up to something , do you ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` no . 
 my dad would n't have led us into a trap . '' 
 she twisted around and frowned at the humans . 
 `` i think they actually want to help us . '' 
 i turned and followed her gaze to where tony and desmond were standing , heads close together as they talked . 
 `` i think they mostly want to help themselves , '' i said quietly . 
 `` but i 'll take it . '' 
 thirty-one addie decided to rest after lunch , so tony let her have his room and suggested i take a nap as well . 
 i declined . 
 there was no way i would be able to sleep , not with callum tied up in the other room and my stomach in knots . 
 instead i headed down the hallway with callum 's sandwich and peeked inside the guest room . 
 he was on his side , his eyes fixed on the wall in front of him . 
 his arms and legs were still bound . 
 `` is that uncomfortable ? '' 
 i asked , crossing the room and putting the plate on the nightstand . 
 `` i can untie you while you eat if you want . '' 
 he did n't respond , so i knelt down next to the bed and ran my fingers into his hair . 
 `` callum . '' 
 he did n't move an inch . 
 his eyes were empty , and when i waved my hand in front of his face he did n't even blink . 
 what if it was already too late ? 
 what if we 'd already missed the window ? 
 my heart was beating too loudly now . 
 it was pounding in my ears , the only sound in the quiet room . 
 `` callum . '' 
 my voice was desperate as i shook his shoulder . 
 the bed creaked under his weight as i shifted him . 
 nothing . 
 that stare that saw nothing was too awful . 
 i shook him harder , repeating his name as the ache in my chest grew . 
 tears were on my cheeks before i realized i was going to cry , and i pressed my hand to my mouth to stifle a sob . 
 it came anyway , echoing through the bedroom , followed quickly by another . 
 i 'd thought of crying as a release , but the tears were almost painful . 
 i wanted to stuff them back inside . 
 my body refused to listen . 
 i let go of his shoulder and sank down on the floor . 
 maybe i should have run to get tony or addie and ask them if he was okay , but i was too scared . 
 i did n't want them to give me that sympathetic look again . 
 `` wren ? '' 
 my head popped up at the sound of callum 's voice . 
 he blinked at me , his brow lowered as he twisted his hands against the ropes . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 i leaped onto the bed and untied his hands in seconds , pressing my head into his neck as he wrapped his arms around me . 
 he nuzzled his cheek against my skin , his warm breath tickling my neck . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said , taking a deep breath . 
 `` you do n't have to apologize for crying . '' 
 `` no , for all of this . 
 for letting you attack that human and for breaking you out at a really terrible time . 
 i should have checked first . 
 i knew they were doing this to under-sixties and i did n't even think to check . '' 
 `` yes , '' he said , his voice tinged with amusement , `` next time you risk your life saving me , could you please do proper planning beforehand ? 
 this is just unacceptable . '' 
 i laughed , hugging him tightly with one arm . 
 `` you do n't need to apologize , '' he said , his lips brushing against my ear . 
 `` if anything i should thank you . '' 
 `` please do n't . 
 it will make me feel terrible . '' 
 he chuckled , running his fingers under my chin until i turned my face up to him . 
 he kissed me , which felt sort of like a thank-you , but it was one i did n't mind . 
 when he pulled away he gave me a sad little smile . 
 `` just do n't leave me like this , okay ? '' 
 i sniffled , lowering my eyes so i did n't have to look at him . 
 `` i do n't want them to make me into this ... '' he looked down at himself . 
 `` this crazy thing . '' 
 he planted a soft kiss on my cheek . 
 `` it 's like they won , you know ? '' 
 it was exactly like they 'd won . 
 `` i do n't want to kill more people . '' 
 he scrunched up his face . 
 `` or worse , eat anyone . 
 so , if it does n't work out , do n't just let me be like this , okay ? '' 
 i nodded , pressing my lips together to stop the tears . 
 `` okay . '' 
 callum was quiet for a moment , his eyebrows lowered in thought . 
 `` and even if we do n't get the antidote , you should help them . '' 
 he nodded at the door . 
 `` go to the reservation and get the other reboots to help them , too . '' 
 `` the humans ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 you ca n't let harc win . 
 not after everything they 've done . 
 so even if i do n't ... if i do n't make it , i think you should help them . '' 
 he knew i had very little interest in helping the humans . 
 all i wanted was for him to be better so we could get away from them and never come back . 
 and i did n't want to think about what i would do if callum did n't make it , but sticking around to join forces with humans was not on the top of my list . 
 `` that wo n't be an issue . 
 you 'll be fine . '' 
 `` wren , think about it at least . 
 you should n't let the fact that you 're a badass go to waste . '' 
 i managed a laugh . 
 `` i will think about it . '' 
 it was a lie . 
 i was n't going to think about any scenario that did n't include him . 
 callum eventually faded away again , even though i could see him trying to fight it . 
 i sat on the floor for a long time , until i could n't take those vacant eyes anymore . 
 i refused to panic about it , so i tied him up and moved to the living room , where i spent the afternoon and early evening pacing back and forth . 
 the sun had just set , and i was anxious to head over to the facility , but tony insisted the best time was very early morning . 
 the facility had the least guards on duty between the hours of four and six a.m. , and it was best to go near six , since a few lab personnel would be on duty by then . 
 no one could tell me what the antidote looked like , so i might need a human to point it out . 
 tony was at the kitchen table with about ten other humans , poring over the schematic of the austin harc facility . 
 a larger group than i had expected had agreed to help us . 
 a few had left , saying they were certain we 'd all be dead by morning , but the rest seemed thrilled to have such an ambitious plan after years of trying to defeat harc . 
 gabe slipped through the front door with zeke , the blond boy from earlier . 
 gabe was holding a black canvas bag against his chest , and he nodded at tony . 
 `` i got them , '' he said , dropping the bag on the couch and reaching inside . 
 he pulled out several black guns and dumped odd-shaped yellow bullets onto the table . 
 i frowned , leaning over to grab one of them . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 i asked , turning the yellow plastic bullet around in my fingers . 
 it had a tiny needle coming out of it . 
 `` tranquilizer darts , '' gabe said . 
 `` tony does n't want you killing humans while you 're in there . '' 
 i turned to tony with raised eyebrows , and he leaned back in his chair to meet my gaze . 
 i held up the yellow dart . 
 `` these things actually work ? 
 quickly ? '' 
 `` within a couple seconds . 
 aim for the chest or arm or leg . '' 
 `` how long will they be out ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` hours . 
 you do n't have to worry about that . 
 i 'll give you your real gun back , but i do n't want you to use it in there . 
 most of those guys are just doing their job . 
 and some of them are with us . '' 
 i nodded , dropping the dart on the table . 
 `` fine . '' 
 `` did you find some helmets ? '' 
 tony asked . 
 `` yeah , henry will be by soon with them , '' gabe replied . 
 addie grabbed one of the tranq guns off the table and stuck a dart inside , studying the gun curiously . 
 gabe darted behind the couch and she snorted . 
 `` oh , relax , human . 
 i know how to use a gun . '' 
 `` gabe , '' he corrected , wincing as she pointed it at the wall behind zeke . 
 `` come out from behind the couch , gabe . 
 i 'm not going to shoot you . 
 unless you deserve it . '' 
 he crept out of hiding , cautiously reaching for the gun . 
 `` i 'll just take that . '' 
 addie rolled her eyes as she handed it over , and i shot her an amused look . 
 `` hey . '' 
 i turned at the sound of desmond 's voice . 
 he plopped a ladle of something into a bowl . 
 `` do you want dinner ? '' 
 `` yes , thank you . '' 
 `` then come and eat . '' 
 i scurried into the kitchen , peering into the bowl . 
 it was some sort of stew . 
 i gave him a grateful look as i spooned some into my mouth . 
 i had n't expected to be fed again . 
 `` i thought the lower numbers were supposed to be nicer ! '' 
 i heard gabe exclaim from the living room , and i glanced over to see addie holding a tranq gun to his chest . 
 `` adina , stop torturing gabe , '' tony called with a chuckle . 
 i almost laughed , but desmond was staring at me like he was plotting my demise . 
 i swallowed my food and wiped at my mouth . 
 he 'd been quiet and moody all evening , obviously not in favor of the plan . 
 `` why are you helping if you do n't want to ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i said i would , did n't i ? '' 
 he asked . 
 he 'd pulled his brown hair back into a short ponytail , and the sharp edges of his face looked harsh . 
 he was n't an attractive man , even when he was happy . 
 `` and you seem so pleased about it . '' 
 all i got in response was a glare . 
 i considered taking my food in the other room , but i had too many questions . 
 while he did n't seem scared of me , he appeared to hate me only slightly less than the average human did . 
 `` but why help us at all if you hate us ? '' 
 i pressed . 
 he let out a long sigh and leaned against the counter . 
 `` i do n't hate you . 
 i just do n't trust you 're not going to come back and kill us all . '' 
 valid concern , in my opinion . 
 `` so you decided to free us and take your chances ? '' 
 he paused , sliding his hands into the pockets of his jeans . 
 `` there was a discussion a few years ago . 
 when we decided we needed the reboots gone to have any sort of success against harc , some people thought we should kill you . '' 
 `` ah . 
 and you saw their point . '' 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` maybe a little . 
 but then tony was like , ` let 's just meet one . 
 let 's go rescue one and talk to them without harc watching and see what they think . ' 
 so we did . '' 
 `` and the reboot was ... what ? 
 nice ? '' 
 `` no . 
 or hell , i do n't know . 
 she sat in the living room and sobbed . 
 would n't say one word to us . '' 
 `` she probably thought you were going to kill her . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 none of us really expected that reaction , though . 
 we thought she 'd fight back , attack us . 
 when she did n't and it came down to it , we could n't kill her . 
 we 'd heard rumors of reboots up north , so we got her as far as we could and let her go . 
 asked her to talk to any reboots she found about the possibility of them taking in any others we rescued . 
 you know , see if they 'd be willing to work with us . 
 and they were . '' 
 `` why could n't you kill her ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` harc eliminates us all the time . 
 tony must have seen it . '' 
 `` i 'm sure he has . 
 but it 's different , when you 're sitting with a fifteen-year-old who does n't really seem all that different from you . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i 've always thought we were taking a terrible risk , freeing you , but it was the best of two shitty options . 
 so here i am . 
 hoping you lot will be grateful enough to not come back and destroy us all . '' 
 `` if it helps , i have no interest in coming back to kill any of you . '' 
 a hint of a smile crossed his face . 
 `` i appreciate that . '' 
 `` des , stop it ; they 're not murderers . '' 
 tony put his hands on my shoulders and i jumped , almost dropping my spoon . 
 it was weird he did n't mind touching me . 
 i minded it , though , so i sidestepped his hands and frowned at him . 
 he either did n't notice or did n't care , because he just smiled at me . 
 i glanced at desmond again . 
 maybe he was the only sane one here . 
 `` wren , you want to come map this out again with me ? '' 
 tony asked . 
 `` i want to make sure my guys know where they 're going , but they 'll be following you . '' 
 i nodded and joined him at the table , standing behind the humans while tony again outlined the route we 'd take to get inside . 
 it was dark now , and he had to move a lamp closer to the table for us to see it . 
 `` and then you 'll come out here , '' tony finished , running his finger through the harc lobby . 
 `` or wherever you want , i guess . 
 after you release a hundred reboots i think you can probably take your pick of exits . '' 
 a smile tugged at the edges of my lips . 
 he had no idea . 
 thirty-two i hugged my arms against my chest , shivering in the cool night air as i stared up at harc from the shelter of the trees that surrounded the building . 
 it stood tall and black at the edge of the austin slums-fifteen or twenty stories high . 
 i 'd never come out far enough to see it as a kid . 
 a group of about ten rebels stood several yards to my left , dressed in what looked like black harc uniforms . 
 they were fakes , but we were hoping no one would notice in the chaos , and the rebels would be able to get upstairs to steal the weapons and medicine harc had been hoarding . 
 it was a huge risk , and i could see the fear in their tight , blank expressions . 
 callum grunted behind me and i looked down to see tony and addie tightening his ropes to a boulder . 
 we 'd dug a hole next to it , only a few feet deep , but enough to keep him hidden while we were inside . 
 his legs were securely bound , the cloth around his mouth muffled his occasional growls , and he could barely move . 
 addie replaced a couple of the tree branches over the hole as she and tony crawled out of it . 
 it was barely visible through the thick bushes , but i could see callum 's dead eyes glinting as he looked up at us . 
 he 'd never come back . 
 i was terrified it was too late . 
 i turned away and walked a few feet until i could see the sky . 
 the sun was just beginning to rise and the horizon was bathed in red and orange and blue . 
 `` i went up north once when i was kid , just before the virus hit . '' 
 i closed my eyes as my mom 's voice filled my ears . 
 `` we drove for three days from austin , and when we got there i remember looking up at the sky and wondering where the rest of it went . 
 there 's more sky in texas , darlin ' . 
 you ai n't ever gon na know anything else , but look up and appreciate it occasionally anyway . '' 
 `` wren . '' 
 i opened my eyes , and they followed the streaks of color until they disappeared in the distance . 
 `` wren , let 's go . 
 desmond should have the power off in a few minutes , '' addie said . 
 i turned and took the helmet she held out to me . 
 i secured it around my chin as tony looked down at callum . 
 `` he should be fine there until you get back , '' he said with a nod . 
 `` no one will be out here ; they 'll be chasing y ' all in the opposite direction . '' 
 `` do you know how long it will take for the antidote to work ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` will we be able to run right away ? '' 
 `` should be really fast . 
 the lower the number , the faster it works , in my experience . '' 
 he paused , clearing his throat . 
 `` what do you want me to do with him if you do n't come back ? '' 
 i avoided looking at callum . 
 i needed to be focused , and every time i caught a glimpse of him i started to panic . 
 `` i 'll come back . '' 
 there were no other options . 
 he opened his mouth , seemed to think better of it , and gave me a sad smile . 
 it was not the most encouraging expression . 
 `` okay , hon. '' he turned to join gabe and zeke with the other humans . 
 addie and i headed closer to the chain-link fence that surrounded the harc property . 
 it was n't electrified , but we were to wait until after they shut off the power so the cameras would n't catch us . 
 we stood in the shadows , the only sound the chirping of the crickets and the breeze blowing through the trees . 
 my heart beat so loudly i was sure addie could hear it , but she just stood there stoically , staring at the building and the one security guard in sight . 
 i pushed away the screaming fear in my chest , pushed away the little nagging voice that was reminding me this was my only chance to save callum . 
 i did n't need fear or doubt right now . 
 i just needed to focus . 
 the lights clicked off and i ran , the sound of boots hitting the grass all around me . 
 i wrapped my fingers around the metal and jumped up , flying over and landing a few seconds before addie . 
 the humans trailed behind us . 
 i held my hand out as we approached the building and everyone behind me stopped . 
 pulling my tranq gun from my pants , i crept across the grass and onto the slab of concrete . 
 my boot squeaked as i stepped forward and the officer on duty whirled around , mouth wide open as i squeezed the trigger . 
 the dart lodged in his chest . 
 he took one step before his head began to droop , and i caught him as he fell , hauling him against the building in hopes that the camera would n't spot him right away . 
 i grabbed the key and access card off the guard 's belt and stuck the key in the lock , throwing the door open and motioning for addie to hurry . 
 she darted through and i followed , holding it open for the rebels as well . 
 the lobby was dark and deserted , the round desk in the center of the room empty . 
 i 'd never seen a harc lobby before . 
 reboots were always dropped off on the roof by shuttle . 
 they had posters on the walls . 
 signs advertising their brilliance . 
 count on harc for the cure ! 
 the woman in the poster smiled , apparently completely cured of whatever had ailed her . 
 harc protects ! 
 that poster had a picture of reboots on it , although they were in the distance and blurry next to a shuttle . 
 addie turned and gave the posters a baffled look as we passed . 
 `` are they serious ? '' 
 she muttered . 
 the black tile looked like a dark river as we hurried across it to the stairwell . 
 we stepped aside and let the humans go up first , since they were headed to the top floors with the food storage , human meds , and the armory . 
 i was almost sad as i watched them lumber up the stairs . 
 it was a suicide mission for at least half of them , if not all , and they knew it . 
 i let the door close softly behind me . 
 we sped up the pitch-black stairs , taking them two at a time until we reached the fourth floor . 
 dim lights clicked on in the stairwell . 
 the generators were on . 
 addie looked back at me as she gripped the door handle . 
 i nodded . 
 she opened it just enough to peek through . 
 `` two guards at the end of the hallway , '' she whispered . 
 `` at least two in the room , as far as i can tell . '' 
 she inched the door open a bit wider . 
 `` see where we 're going ? '' 
 the white hallway stretched out in front of me . 
 the guards at the end were bored , leaning against the wall and talking quietly to each other , despite the momentary blackout . 
 to the left was the control room . 
 the doors were open , and one officer sat in front of a large computer as another peered over his shoulder . 
 judging from their relaxed expressions -lrb- and the fact that neither of them had their guns out -rrb- , they had n't spotted us on the camera feeds yet . 
 good news . 
 i nodded to addie . 
 `` i 'll take the two in the room . '' 
 she threw open the door . 
 i crouched down and darted around her toward the control room as gunfire exploded from the end of the hall . 
 the guards whirled from the computer , reaching for their guns . 
 but they were too slow . 
 i fired twice , hitting the chest of one and the neck of the other . 
 they hit the ground in seconds , just before i heard the thuds of the two humans in the hall . 
 i let out a slow breath . 
 step one down . 
 i turned to give addie a victorious smile , but it faltered at her dazed expression . 
 she blinked and raised her fingers to her temple . 
 there was blood . 
 i jumped over one of the officers and pushed her helmet back . 
 the blood soaked her hair , covering my fingers as i searched for the bullet hole . 
 `` no , it 's okay , '' she said . 
 she trembled as she nudged my hand away and pulled her helmet back into place . 
 `` it just grazed me . '' 
 i nodded , even though my stomach had twisted into knots . 
 it looked like it had more than grazed her . 
 addie swiped her fingers across her bloody forehead and stepped past me into the control room , shoving the closest human away with her foot . 
 she sat down at the computer . 
 she tapped the screen a few times as i paced behind her , nervously glancing out into the hallway as i waited for more guards to barrel through the doors . 
 i was incredibly lucky that bullet had n't hit her more directly . 
 i did n't think i could get to medical and free the reboots . 
 i would be stuck in here without her , and callum would be stuck in that hole until harc found him . 
 i gripped the edge of the doorframe , watching as addie touched the screen again . 
 she stopped suddenly , leaning back , and i opened my mouth to ask what was wrong . 
 doors unlocked flashed across the screen in bright red letters . 
 `` got it , '' she said , jumping up from the chair . 
 we ran through the hallway and back into the stairwell , a burst of energy exploding in my body as my brain realized we might actually make it . 
 `` how long do you want me to wait ? '' 
 addie called as we flew up the stairs . 
 `` i 'll probably make it to the shuttles first . '' 
 `` as long as you can , '' i said as i passed the sixth floor . 
 `` but if harc starts closing in , just take off . 
 find someone else to fly the second shuttle . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 i stopped in front of the seventh-floor door and glanced at addie as she continued up to eight . 
 she gave me an encouraging smile , but i could see the blood still trickling out of her helmet . 
 she had to wipe it away again as she darted up the steps . 
 `` good luck , '' i called . 
 she laughed . 
 `` i think you need it more than me . 
 i 'm about to get backup from a hundred reboots . '' 
 she disappeared around the corner and i tightened my grip on the tranq gun as i turned to face the door again . 
 this was it . 
 if i did n't get to the medical lab there was no hope for callum . 
 i reached for the handle and wrapped my fingers around the cool metal . 
 the door swung open from the other side and i leaped back , grabbing on to the railing before i tumbled down the stairs . 
 three officers poured into the stairwell , guns raised . 
 i ducked as the first officer pulled his trigger . 
 i aimed my gun at his leg and sunk a dart into it , leaping back as he fell headfirst for the stairs . 
 i got off another shot , hitting the second officer in the stomach as a bullet from the third guard rocketed into my shoulder . 
 i grabbed his arm as he tried to fire again and twisted it behind his back , pressing the tranq gun directly into his back . 
 i let him go as he slumped forward . 
 the excitement of a fight crept in over my fear , and i almost smiled as i jumped over the officers ' bodies and reached for the door . 
 i threw it open to see a long , white hallway , deserted except for one lone human running away from me . 
 a human in a white lab coat . 
 my eyes widened as i reached for the real gun at my hip . 
 i needed that human . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 i yelled , purposefully angling the gun too far to the left as i fired . 
 but he kept running . 
 his shoes squeaked on the tile as he headed for the exit door at the other end of the hallway . 
 i took off after him , aiming my gun at his right shoulder . 
 i pulled the trigger . 
 he let out a scream and stumbled , grunting as his knees hit the floor . 
 he whipped his head around and his eyes widened when he saw me coming . 
 he pressed a bloody hand to the floor as he tried to get to his feet , but i was there first . 
 i hauled him up by the back of his lab coat and wrapped my arm around his neck . 
 i glanced down at the name on his coat . 
 bishop . 
 `` bishop , '' i said , squeezing my arm tighter to his neck as he squirmed . 
 `` i 'll make you a deal . 
 you help me into that room '' - i pointed to the medical lab , behind clear glass to our left - `` and i wo n't kill you . '' 
 bishop said nothing . 
 he continued to wriggle and choke in my grasp , tears running down his cheeks . 
 he was young , in his early twenties perhaps , with a round , cute face . 
 he was on the short side for a man , but i still had to stand on my tiptoes to hold him . 
 `` hey , '' i said , loosening my grip against his neck just slightly . 
 `` deal ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 a strangled sob escaped his mouth and he opened it wider . 
 preparing to scream . 
 i pressed the gun to his temple as i pulled him down the deserted white hallway . 
 `` screaming is my very least favorite thing . '' 
 his mouth snapped shut . 
 i stopped in front of the lab door and reached down for bishop 's key card . 
 i swiped it across the lock and the door slid open . 
 bishop staggered forward as i dragged him into the room . 
 the narrow space stretched out almost the whole length of the hallway . 
 computer screens lined the walls and lab tables ran down the center . 
 it smelled like disinfectant and reboot . 
 someone had tried to erase the smell of death and failed . 
 tony had said the antidote would be at the back of the lab , locked up tight in a large glass room . 
 i lugged the human down the center of the lab , past the computers and long tables and thick books . 
 the vials were lined up in neat rows in cases , just like tony had said . 
 they were also labeled just as tony had suspected , with random letters and numbers i did n't understand . 
 there was no way for me to know which one i needed . 
 i swiped bishop 's card against the lock and the doors opened . 
 i stepped into the cool room and released my arm from the human 's neck , poking my gun into his good shoulder . 
 `` which one is the antidote ? '' 
 he blinked at me . 
 there were tears on his eyelashes as he squinted down at my bar code . 
 `` one-seventy-eight , '' i said . 
 `` it 's not for me . '' 
 he hesitated , looking from the vials to me . 
 he must have known he could lie to me . 
 he could point me to some awful drug that would do terrible things to callum . 
 i was relying very much on this human 's fear of me . 
 `` i just told you i 'm one-seventy-eight , '' i said , pressing the gun harder into his shoulder . 
 `` it does n't bother me in the least to kill you . '' 
 he took in a shaky breath and pointed down to the cases on the bottom shelf . 
 there were three of them , with about fifty vials per case . 
 the liquid inside was murky , almost gray . 
 `` pull them out , '' i said . 
 `` all of them . '' 
 a sound above me made me pause , glance up at the ceiling . 
 running . 
 the sound of a hundred reboots running . 
 the ceiling was shaking , laughing and shouting filling the air . 
 addie had done it . 
 i smiled before focusing on the human again , who was still standing there staring at me . 
 i jerked my head at him and he got down on his knees and pulled the first case off the shelf , stealing a glance in my direction . 
 `` you 've killed us all , '' he whispered . 
 `` how do you figure ? '' 
 i gestured to the vials around me . 
 `` i 'd say you 're the guilty ones , injecting us with this crap . '' 
 `` we 're trying to protect ourselves from you , '' he said , wiping his hand across his nose and setting the second case on top of the first . 
 `` now you 've ... '' he pointed to the ceiling , to the eighth floor , where he must have also recognized the sound of reboots running . 
 `` you 've let them all out . '' 
 `` we saved them . '' 
 bishop grunted his disagreement and placed a third case on top of the stack . 
 `` there . 
 that 's it . '' 
 `` you sure those are the right ones ? 
 because i 'm going to go out there and test it right away . 
 i 'll come back for you if it 's wrong . 
 trust me , you do n't want me to come back . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` that 's it . '' 
 i wanted to smile and scream and jump up and down , but i held it back . 
 i was so close . 
 all i had to do was get out of the building . 
 i leaned down to grab the vials . 
 i realized my mistake as soon as i took my eyes off bishop . 
 he sprinted out of the glass room . 
 i whirled around and stumbled after him . 
 too late . 
 my hands hit the glass . 
 i was locked inside . 
 thirty-three bishop 's face broke into a grin as he stared at me from the other side of the glass . 
 he fumbled around in his pocket and produced a com , almost dropping it as he held it up to his mouth . 
 `` bishop , '' he said into it . 
 `` medical lab on the seventh floor . 
 tell officer mayer and ms. palm to get to austin right away . 
 i 've got one-seventy-eight . '' 
 i 've got one-seventy-eight . 
 the words rang in my ears , caused my throat to close up . 
 he could n't have me . 
 i was n't failing because of this one little human . 
 i pulled the gun out of my pocket . 
 the glass could n't be bulletproof . 
 it could n't be . 
 i fired one shot . 
 the bullet flew straight through , leaving a spiderweb of cracks around the hole . 
 bishop 's eyes widened , and he took several steps back , slamming into a lab table . 
 i grinned , lifting the gun again . 
 nothing . 
 i was out of bullets . 
 i reached for my tranq gun , which had plenty of shots left , but that was useless with the human on the other side of the glass . 
 bishop let out a visible sigh and spoke into his com again . 
 `` no , it 's fine . 
 come quick , though . '' 
 `` do n't move , '' i heard a voice on the other end of the com say . 
 `` keep her in your sights . '' 
 bishop swallowed and nodded , taking a few more steps back from the glass . 
 i looked down at the vials at my feet . 
 no . 
 i was n't letting callum die a blank , emotionless harc robot . 
 i was getting out of here . 
 i lifted my boot and kicked the glass as hard as i could . 
 a crack snaked up from the bullet hole to the ceiling . 
 i kicked it again . 
 another crack . 
 bishop stumbled as he scrambled to the other side of the lab . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 he yelled into the com . 
 `` hurry ! 
 she 's - '' the glass shattered . 
 i let out a whoop and launched myself across the lab , leaving the vials for now . 
 bishop was headed for the door and i was n't going to make the same mistake twice . 
 i grabbed him by the hair and he yelled as i jerked his head back . 
 he gasped , strangled noises escaping his mouth . 
 `` please do n't kill me , '' he sobbed . 
 i did n't want to prove him right , so i punched him instead . 
 i hit him so hard i heard a crack and he sunk to the ground . 
 i fired a dart into his neck for good measure and his body sagged . 
 racing back to the vials , i scooped them up in my arms and bolted out of the lab and through the hallway . 
 it was still empty , and i threw open the door to the stairwell . 
 reboots streamed down the stairs , running and jumping and laughing . 
 they all had on their helmets and field gear and i did n't see a single guard among the crowd . 
 i stepped into the crowd and let them carry me along down the stairs . 
 explosions and gunshots rocked the building but the cheers and excitement did n't fade in the least . 
 i could n't help grinning . 
 we were almost free . 
 as we poured through the door on the ground floor , i saw the lobby was full of smoke and dead or unconscious harc officers . 
 i clutched the cases of vials close to my chest as we burst through the back door . 
 the early morning sun burned my eyes and i squinted as i sprinted across the grass to the trees where i 'd left callum . 
 two big harc shuttles were parked immediately to my left . 
 addie stood in front of one , directing reboots . 
 she beamed at the sight of me . 
 the blood was gone from her forehead , and i felt a tiny burst of relief that she was okay . 
 `` i 'll take those ! '' 
 she called , rushing over . 
 i dumped the cases in her outstretched arms and plucked out one vial for callum . 
 `` get him quick . 
 we 've got to go ! '' 
 addie turned back to the shuttles and i raced to the fence , wrapping my fingers around the metal and hurling my body over . 
 my momentum carried me into the trees , where i vaulted a fallen log , clutching the antidote . 
 the hole was just ahead of me and i quickly tossed the leaves and branches covering it aside . 
 callum was curled up in a ball in the dirt , his eyes half-open . 
 he did n't move or make any indication he 'd heard me approach . 
 i lowered myself down in the hole and tugged him up to a sitting position . 
 he was limp , an empty shell . 
 i jabbed the needle into his arm and pushed the liquid in . 
 nothing happened . 
 it would take a minute . 
 that was all it was . 
 i balked at the alternatives as i untied his legs and arms and plopped down in his lap . 
 i put my hands on his cheeks , my panicked attempts at breathing filling the silence . 
 his head swung back and forth as he looked beyond me at nothing in the distance . 
 `` callum , '' i whispered , my fingers inching up into his hair . 
 what if it was too late ? 
 what if it was n't the right one ? 
 my throat closed and i pressed my lips together to keep in the scream . 
 what if that human had given me something else ? 
 what if - callum took in a sharp breath and his head jerked up . 
 he blinked a few times and color bled back into his face . 
 the laugh escaped my chest as a strange sort of gasp and i wrapped my arms around his neck and pressed my lips to his . 
 i trailed kisses across his cheeks until he laughed , too . 
 i ran my hands up to his neck and stared into his eyes . 
 `` you feel okay ? 
 you feel normal again ? '' 
 a smile spread across his face . 
 the big , happy , hopeful smile i loved . 
 he nodded , leaning forward until his lips brushed my cheek . 
 `` you 're shockingly good sometimes , you know that ? '' 
 i laughed and gave him another quick kiss and hopped up . 
 `` we 've got to get out of here . '' 
 i dug my fingers into the dirt and scrambled up from the hole , turning to help callum . 
 he 'd already climbed out behind me and was on his feet , staring at the scene in front of him with wide eyes . 
 reboots ran across the lawn and officers lay unconscious on the ground . 
 the back of the harc building was riddled with bullet holes . 
 smoke poured from several windows on the upper levels . 
 i reached for callum 's hand we ran out of the trees and launched ourselves over the fence and across the grass . 
 `` in ! 
 in ! '' 
 addie yelled . 
 `` everyone , now ! '' 
 i did n't see tony or any of the other rebels anywhere , and i paused near addie on my way to the second shuttle . 
 `` tony ? '' 
 i yelled . 
 `` gone . 
 they made it out . '' 
 she slammed shut the back door to her shuttle and tossed me the tracker locator . 
 `` i got another one inside for my shuttle . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i passed the locator to callum as i threw open the driver 's door to the second shuttle . 
 i gestured for him to get in , and he raised his eyebrow . 
 `` you 're driving ? '' 
 `` just get in , '' i said with a laugh . 
 he climbed into the passenger 's seat and i followed , clicking the door shut behind me . 
 the dash in front of me looked very much like the diagram tony had drawn . 
 the lever in the center took us up or down ; the buttons on either side were for landing gear and communications . 
 someone had already started the shuttle , so everything in front of me was lit up , ready for takeoff . 
 bullets pinged the door and i squinted out the window to see a few straggler harc officers staggering across the lawn . 
 i quickly grasped the center lever , like tony had taught me , and pushed it up . 
 we were off the ground . 
 i pushed it higher and we lurched . 
 i could hear people in the back yelling and crashing into one another , and callum was gripping the dashboard in front of him , but i focused on flying , pushing the lever forward to increase our speed . 
 `` here , '' i said , pulling out my knife . 
 `` give them the locator . 
 they all need to get their trackers out as fast as possible . '' 
 he nodded and disappeared into the back of the shuttle . 
 i pushed the lever to the right until i could see the other shuttle hovering not far from us . 
 i followed its lead as it swung north . 
 a hand brushed under my chin and i jumped , turning to see callum . 
 he grinned as he unhooked my helmet and kissed my cheek . 
 `` i 'm driving here , '' i said with a laugh as he kissed me again . 
 `` i noticed . 
 what a show-off , '' he said with a chuckle . 
 `` saving just me was n't enough for you ? '' 
 i grinned as he kissed me again . 
 he plopped down in the seat next to me , both our helmets in his lap . 
 behind me , i could hear the clinks as trackers hit the floor of the shuttle and the reboots celebrated . 
 `` do we know where we 're going ? '' 
 callum asked , leaning forward to look out the window . 
 the slums were below us , and a few humans were beginning to mill around . 
 `` addie has the map ; we 're following her , '' i said . 
 `` but i know the general direction if we get separated . '' 
 as we watched , the side door of addie 's shuttle opened a crack and tiny pieces of silver caught the sunlight as they rained down . 
 trackers . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 i called , twisting around in my seat . 
 `` toss your trackers out the door ! '' 
 a few reboots nodded , and i turned to face forward . 
 we passed over the harc fence at the edge of austin and i leaned sideways to look out the window to my right . 
 the sky was clear behind me , the harc building growing smaller and smaller in the distance . 
 i let out a long sigh as i turned to look at callum , a smile spreading across my face at his excited expression . 
 i focused on the sky in front of me again , gripping the lever and pushing it forward just a little . 
 we were a few shuttle lengths behind addie , and i pushed the button marked cruise . 
 the shuttle continued forward as i let go of the lever . 
 `` soooooo ... '' i turned around to see a girl about my age gripping the edges of the pilot 's door , a crooked smile on her face . 
 she tilted her head to one side , her dark ponytail swinging . 
 `` we 're sort of wondering where we 're going . '' 
 she looked from me to callum . 
 `` and who you guys are . '' 
 a younger reboot stood on his toes to peek over her shoulder . 
 `` i heard addie say she was one-seventy-eight . '' 
 `` yeah , '' i said , holding my hand out . 
 `` wren . 
 one-seventy-eight . '' 
 she raised her eyebrows as she shook my hand . 
 `` beth . 
 one-forty-two . '' 
 `` callum , '' he said . 
 he did n't offer his number , but i saw her glance at his wrist and frown in confusion . 
 `` we 're headed north , '' i said . 
 `` toward the old texas border . 
 there 's supposedly a reboot reservation there . '' 
 the reboots behind her got quieter , several of them shuffling closer to hear . 
 `` where reboots are living by themselves ? '' 
 beth asked . 
 `` yes . 
 that 's what we 've heard , anyway . 
 we have a map . '' 
 beth 's eyes bounced around the shuttle . 
 `` do n't you think you might scare the crap out of them , arriving in a couple harc shuttles ? '' 
 `` we 're landing several miles from the reservation and we 'll walk in . '' 
 i left out the part where the human rebels suggested we do that , to avoid getting shot down . 
 we could fill them in about the rebels later . 
 beth looked from me to callum . 
 the way everyone stood behind her quietly made me think she was one of the highest numbers in the austin facility , if not the very highest . 
 she let out a soft laugh , taking a few steps back . 
 `` interesting plan . 
 i hope it works . '' 
 she jerked her head toward the front window . 
 `` some of you guys should take a look . '' 
 i turned my attention forward as a few reboots stepped into the pilot 's area . 
 the shuttles were n't meant to fly too far off the ground , so we were n't high above the trees . 
 open land spread out in front of us , a lake sparkling in the distance . 
 i could see pieces of old , deserted highways where greenery was poking through the black asphalt . 
 callum leaned forward in his chair , blinking at the scene around him . 
 he was still a little pale , but otherwise looked like himself . 
 `` do you feel okay ? '' 
 i asked softly , scooting sideways until i could put my hand on his leg . 
 he turned , taking my hand and pressing his lips against it . 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 he slid one hand up my neck and inched forward until he could press his lips to mine . 
 i reached for his hand , melting into the kiss . 
 behind me , someone cleared her throat . 
 `` are we kissing or flying ? '' 
 beth asked , her annoyance tinged with amusement . 
 i pulled away from callum with a grin . 
 `` right . 
 flying . '' 
 the shuttle quieted some as we continued north , the occasional reboot wandering up front to check out the view . 
 the land was mostly trees and grass , but there was an occasional animal or two . 
 we flew over a big group of cows at one point , and i wondered how the reboots in the reservation got food . 
 did they hunt ? 
 farm ? 
 the austin reboots did n't spend too much time up front with me and callum . 
 they mostly spoke in hushed whispers behind us , casting suspicious glances our way . 
 i could n't really blame them . 
 many of the reboots stared at me but did n't come over to talk , and i ran my finger over the 178 printed on my wrist . 
 `` you think the numbers will matter there ? '' 
 i asked quietly . 
 `` i hope not , '' callum said , leaning back with a sigh . 
 `` i mean , i do n't think so . 
 harc is the one who started all that . '' 
 but we bought into it . 
 we separated ourselves into groups and acted accordingly . 
 i glanced back at beth , who was standing with two girls and a guy . 
 i did n't even need to ask to know they were the one-twenties of the austin facility . 
 their faces were serious , the guy 's eyebrows knitted together as he listened to beth . 
 the other reboots milled around them , but no one came too close . 
 i had no idea how reboots would divide themselves up when left to their own devices . 
 maybe they would n't . 
 maybe callum was right , and the numbers would n't matter without harc around . 
 i looked up at him and smiled , turning my wrist over so i could n't see my number . 
 i hoped so . 
 callum straightened suddenly , pointing in front of him . 
 `` look . '' 
 i turned to his window to see the remains of a city . 
 it was bigger than any one i 'd known and lay smack in the middle of a circle of highways . 
 parts of the city looked untouched from this distance , but as we flew closer i could see destroyed buildings . 
 `` which city was that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i think we 're too far west for the original dallas or fort worth . '' 
 he looked at me with a smile . 
 `` we should go see those sometime . 
 i heard they 're huge . '' 
 i 'd never considered going to any of the old cities . 
 i would n't have guessed it would be appealing , but i felt a spark of excitement at the prospect . 
 `` we should . '' 
 addie 's shuttle started to descend about twenty minutes later , and i held my hand out to callum . 
 `` helmet . 
 put yours on , too . '' 
 i glanced at the reboots in back . 
 `` everyone put your helmets on and brace yourselves ! '' 
 `` but i do n't see anything , '' callum said worriedly as he handed my helmet over and strapped on his own . 
 i scanned the area in front of us . 
 the land was pretty flat , but i could n't see that far at this height . 
 `` we 're landing a few miles out , '' i said . 
 `` we still have to walk a ways . '' 
 he nodded , taking one more glance around as we headed for the earth . 
 `` we 're totally going to crash , are n't we ? '' 
 i grinned at him . 
 `` probably . '' 
 i pushed the lever down and tried to lower the shuttle slowly , but the ground was suddenly right there and we were smashing into it . 
 i locked my arms against the dash as we flipped once , twice , three times . 
 we ended up on our sides , callum crumpled against the window , and when i pulled off my seat belt i tumbled on top of him . 
 `` sorry , '' i said with a laugh , grabbing the edge of the driver 's seat to pull my way to the door . 
 i shoved it open and crawled out , landing in orange-red dirt . 
 addie 's shuttle skidded to a stop a few yards away , and i squinted at it in the sun . 
 she 'd had a rough landing , too , but at least they did n't flip . 
 the land beyond her shuttle was flat and dry , the sky stretching out massively above the red dirt . 
 a strong wind whipped across my face as i offered my hand to callum and he climbed out beside me . 
 i opened the back door of the shuttle to see the reboots were all piled on top of one another but grinning , their eyes wide as they took in the scene behind me . 
 they chatted happily as they emerged . 
 `` hey , nice landing ! '' 
 addie called , and i turned to see her standing next to her shuttle , grinning . 
 i laughed and shrugged my shoulders . 
 `` they 're all still alive ! '' 
 `` sort of a low bar you set for yourself , huh ? '' 
 beth asked , playfully punching my shoulder as i helped her out of the shuttle . 
 i laughed again , the sound echoing in the sudden silence . 
 the chatter and giggles around me stopped all at once . 
 everyone went quiet . 
 callum touched my arm , and i turned to see a grin spreading across his face . 
 he pointed in front of him at a large wooden sign . 
