 becoming a vampire is easy . 
 living with the condition , that is the hard part . 
 immortalis carpe noctem by katie salidas book one in the immortalis series immortalis carpe noctem smashwords edition copyright © 2010 by katie salidas second edition © 2015 katie salidas all rights reserved . 
 no part of this publication may be reproduced , stored in or introduced into a retrieval system , or transmitted , in any form , or by any means -lrb- electronic , mechanical , photocopying , recording , or otherwise -rrb- without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book . 
 this is a work of fiction . 
 names , characters , places , brands , media , and incidents are either the product of the author 's imagination or are used fictitiously . 
 the author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction , which have been used without permission . 
 the publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized , associated with , or sponsored by the trademark owners . 
 second edition editing by sharazade cover art by dj rogers interior design by katie salidas published by rising sign books , llc . 
 http://www.risingsignbooks.net lccn : 2010900421 isbn-13 978-0-9844196-0-9 the immortalis series : all 6 books are available now at all e-retail outlets becoming a vampire is easy . 
 living with the condition ... that 's the hard part . 
 join alyssa as she stumbles through the world of the `` unnatural . '' 
 you are reading - book 1 : immortalis carpe noctem - newbie vampire alyssa never asked for this life , but now it 's all she has . 
 rescued from death by lysander , the aloof and sexy leader of the peregrinus vampire clan , she 's barely cut her teeth before she becomes a target . 
 kallisto , an ancient and vindictive vampire queen -- and lysander 's old mate - wants nothing less than final death for her former lover and his new toy . 
 she 's not above letting the acta sanctorum , and its greatest vampire hunter , santino , know exactly where the clan can be found . 
 with no time to mourn her old life , alyssa 's survival depends on her new family . 
 she will have to stand alongside lysander and fight against two enemies who will stop at nothing to destroy them . 
 book 2 : hunters & prey - rule number one : humans and vampires do n't co-exist . 
 one is the hunter and one is the prey . 
 simple , right ? 
 not for newly-turned vampire alyssa . 
 a surprise confrontation with santino vitale , the acta sanctorum 's most fearsome hunter , sends her fleeing back to the world she once knew , and fallon , the human friend she 's missed more than anything . 
 now she has some explaining to do . 
 however , that will have to wait . 
 with the acta sanctorum hot on their heels , staying alive is more important than educating a human on the finer points of bloodlust . 
 book 3 : pandora 's box - after a few months as a vampire , alyssa thought she 'd learned all she needed to know about the supernatural world . 
 but her confidence is shattered by the delivery of a mysterious package - a pandora 's box . 
 seemingly innocuous , the box is in reality an ancient prison , generated by a magic more powerful than anyone in her clan has ever known . 
 but what manner of evil could need such force to contain it ? 
 when the box is opened , the sinister creature within is released , and only supernatural blood will satiate its thirst . 
 the clan soon learns how it feels when the hunter becomes the hunted . 
 book 4 : soulstone - it 's a desperate time for rookie vampire alyssa , and her sanity is hanging by a slender thread . 
 her clan is still reeling from the monumental battle with aniketos ; a battle that claimed the body of lysander , her sire and lover , and trapped his spirit in a mysterious crystal . 
 a soulstone . 
 unfortunately , no amount of magic has been able to release lysander 's spirit , and the stone is starting to fade . 
 weeks of effort have proved futile . 
 her clan , the peregrinus , have all but given up hope . 
 only alyssa still believes her lover can be released . 
 in despair , alyssa begs the help of the local witch coven , and unwittingly exposes the supernaturals of boston to unwanted attention from the acta sanctorum . 
 the saints converge on the city and begin their cleansing crusade to rid the world of all things `` unnatural . '' 
 in the middle of an all-out war , but no closer to a solution to the dying stone , alyssa is left with an unenviable choice : save her mate , or save her clan . 
 book 5 : moonlight - good girls do n't wear fur , or fight over men , and they certainly do n't run around naked , howling at the moon . 
 but then , no-one ever called fallon a good girl . 
 as a human unofficially mated to an alpha werewolf , fallon is being pressured to `` become '' ... or be gone . 
 her mate aiden , the interim leader of the olde town pack , is in a position that demands he either choose a wolf mate ... or leave the pack forever . 
 no matter how hot the sex with fallon is , he ca n't ignore centuries of tradition . 
 become a wolf or not . 
 if only the choice were that simple . 
 fallon 's options are further clouded by the overt presence of other females desperate to be the alpha 's mate . 
 and when these bitches get serious , it 's not just claws that come out . 
 if fallon wants to keep her man and take the title she 'll have to exert a little dominance of her own . 
 book 6 : dark salvation - a gathering storm of violence is on the horizon . 
 whispered threats of the acta sanctorum 's return have the supernatural world abuzz . 
 only recently aware of the other world hidden behind our own , kitara vanders has barely scratched the surface of what being supernatural truly means . 
 a special woman in her own right , she possesses unique telepathic abilities , gifts that have recently come under the scrutiny of the acta sanctorum , a fanatical organization whose mission is to cleanse the world of anything supernatural . 
 targeted , and marked for death , kitara 's only hope lies with the lethally seductive yet emotionally scarred warrior , nicholas . 
 knowing full well the atrocities the acta sanctorum is capable of , nicholas is all too eager for the battle to begin . 
 fueled by pain and rage from the loss of his mate , he 's itching for a fight , but one thing stands in his way , kitara : a beautiful dark-haired woman with unique psychic abilities and an unusual link to the saints . 
 despite his resolve to remain focused on his mission , a purely physical relationship binds them together in a way neither of them expected . 
 and when her life hangs in the balance , nicholas finds his own is teetering on the edge too . 
 for my oldest daughter , alyse . 
 you bring so much joy and happiness into my life . 
 i want you to know you can do anything you set your mind to . 
 mommy will always be there to give you the support you need to succeed . 
 * * * * * acknowledgments i would not have completed this novel if it were n't for the support of my loving family and friends . 
 nick , thank you for being the most loving and supportive husband a woman could hope for . 
 i do n't say it enough , but i am lucky to be with you . 
 thank you for beta reading and giving me honest feedback , even though you knew it might hurt my feelings . 
 thank you for enduring the late nights , the uncertainty , and for talking me down when i felt like giving up . 
 crystal , thank you for all the support and kind words . 
 thanks for enduring multiple drafts of this novel and pointing out all the things that needed work . 
 i hope you are happy with the character you inspired . 
 you are truly my best friend . 
 joe & sue provost , thank you for your support , not just for this book , but for the long years you have stood by me . 
 i 'm proud to have such wonderful parents . 
 to my many beta readers , thank you . 
 all of your comments , criticisms , and compliments helped shape this novel . 
 it would not be what it is today without your help . 
 and finally , to my daughter , alyse . 
 thank you for being you . 
 watching you grow and experience the world provides so much inspiration . 
 chapter 1 * * * * * i hated waiting ! 
 i shot impatient glances at my phone , checking the time displayed in green led . 
 it was late and i was restless . 
 sounds of clapping in the background signaled that another poetry reading had finished . 
 it was a busy night at café copioh ; but then , just about every night here was busy . 
 copioh drew in a unique crowd from the nearby college . 
 it was n't one of those fancy frou-frou coffee houses where nameless baristas slung foamy beverages to a waiting hoard of credit card-wielding consumers . 
 this place was small , intimate , and had a bohemian feel : colorful , vibrant , and eclectic . 
 each wall had been painted in a different color : teal , maroon , sand , and sage . 
 reprints of various famous artworks lined the walls , including a large mural of van gogh 's starry night , in black light reflective paint . 
 a plethora of flea market-style furnishings were strewn about haphazardly in the large space , completing the relaxed , homey feel . 
 mike , the manager -- a stereotypical beatnik-esque guy , complete with goatee and long pony-tail -- set down a styrofoam cup filled with a dark , chocolaty drink . 
 `` you adding this to your tab , alyssa ? '' 
 i smiled thankfully , knowing i owed that man at least half my paycheck already . 
 `` yeah . 
 i 'll pay up on friday , okay ? '' 
 he nodded and walked away . 
 i was a regular here , and mike usually let me slide as long as i made some attempt at paying down my massive tab . 
 i could be found here almost every night . 
 and so could my friend , fallon who was inexcusably late ... again . 
 i shot another impatient glance at my phone and sighed . 
 `` ten p.m. c’mon fallon , i do n't want to wait all night . '' 
 a shrill voice blared over the café 's speaker system . 
 i cringed . 
 another dreary poem . 
 someone was almost always on the makeshift stage . 
 reading poetry was the custom here . 
 i leaned into the cushions of my favorite brown threadbare loveseat in the front window , far away from the stage , and tried unsuccessfully to ignore the babbling . 
 i never did care for poetry . 
 most of it was nothing more than nonsensical emotional ramblings , with too much use of words like dark , black , emptiness , and despair . 
 a hum of mumbling voices nearby tempted me to listen . 
 eavesdropping here was like having a front-row seat to a taping of my own personal soap opera . 
 tidbits of gossip about people i knew piqued my interest , momentarily stealing my focus . 
 the sudden jingle of my cell phone startled me . 
 i jumped to answer it , almost knocking over my mocha . 
 i did n't need the caller id to tell me who it was . 
 fallon was well over an hour late . 
 `` please tell me you 're close . 
 you would not believe the day i had . 
 i need to vent , '' i blurted out before she had a chance to speak . 
 `` sorry , alyssa , i 'm not going to make it out tonight . '' 
 great , what else could go wrong today ? 
 `` what ? 
 no ! 
 oh , c 'm on , fallon . 
 do n't leave me hanging . 
 i need a friend today . 
 i got fired ... . '' 
 `` lyss , i do n't feel like going out tonight . 
 i 'm tired and it 's already late . 
 let 's just meet up tomorrow , okay ? '' 
 there was something in her voice . 
 if i 'd not been in such a bad mood i might have recognized it , but in my anger , i simply huffed in response . 
 `` alyssa , i promise , tomorrow , '' fallon was using her most sympathetic voice . 
 `` yeah , sure . 
 whatever . '' 
 i did n't bother hiding my disappointment . 
 `` sorry , lyss , i 'll make it up to you . 
 i promise . 
 we 'll go out tomorrow . 
 you can tell me all about work then , okay ? '' 
 `` fine . 
 but next time , do n't leave me hanging here by myself for an hour before you decide to cancel on me . '' 
 i breathed a disappointed sigh and ended the call . 
 the perfect end to the perfect day . 
 might as well pack up and go home . 
 i gulped down my mocha , waved to the manager , and walked out the front door . 
 a hot summer breeze greeted me : a mixture of coffee , car exhaust , and the lingering tang of grease from a nearby taco shop . 
 i set off across the street to the university . 
 my apartment was on the other side of campus . 
 just a quick ten-minute walk and i 'd be home . 
 being a petite woman , i never did like walking home alone , especially at night , and tried to avoid it whenever possible . 
 this time , though , i had no choice . 
 fallon would have been my ride , but since she stood me up , i had to hoof it . 
 reaching into my bag , i pulled out a keychain of pepper spray . 
 old reliable . 
 knives could be turned against you and do some serious damage . 
 pepper spray was a good enough deterrent without having the potential to be deadly . 
 if someone managed to get it away and use it against me , the worst i could expect was stinging eyes , and that was better than a stab wound . 
 unlv was quiet at this time of night . 
 the regular classes had ended hours before and the walkways were empty . 
 armed with my pepper spray , i took the pathway leading toward the theater and music halls . 
 just walk fast and do n't talk to anybody . 
 i hated walking home alone . 
 sounds of distant chatter caught my attention . 
 echoes of raised voices reverberated off brick buildings . 
 a couple of men were arguing somewhere ahead of me . 
 small lamps dotted the walkway , and floodlights hung from the corners of some of the buildings . 
 normally , there was plenty of light on the walkway , but tonight things seemed darker . 
 a light on one of the buildings flickered . 
 i noticed another building 's lights had completely burned out , leaving a portion of my path in darkness . 
 imagination got the better of me though i tried to remain calm . 
 tightening my grip on the keychain , i quickened my pace . 
 i gritted my teeth and fought against the weak voice of my intuition telling me to go back to the café . 
 almost home , just keep going . 
 the arguing voices faded into silence as i neared the theater . 
 an eerie quiet sent a shiver dancing down my spine . 
 i stopped and looked around , checking for any movement in the shadows . 
 intuition , no longer a weak voice in my head , screamed at me to run . 
 something was n't right . 
 anxiety kicked my heart into high gear , pounding so hard i thought it might punch a hole straight through my chest . 
 and , when an unexpected voice called out , `` excuse me , '' i damn near shit myself . 
 `` excuse me , miss . 
 hello . 
 can you help me ? '' 
 the voice called out again . 
 against my better judgment , i turned around to see the man belonging to that voice . 
 `` sorry to bother you . 
 i 'm new here and kind of lost . 
 could you tell me where the library is ? 
 i 'm supposed to be meeting a friend there . '' 
 i squinted , trying to get a better look at the guy who had called out to me . 
 a skinny , twenty-something guy passed out of the shadows into the light . 
 he did n't seem all that intimidating . 
 i felt a little silly for letting myself be spooked . 
 he looked like an average college guy : short spiky hair , glasses , and a sarcastic saying t-shirt . 
 for a second , i thought i recognized him from somewhere . 
 maybe he 'd stopped into copioh before . 
 i took my finger off the pepper spray trigger . 
 `` sorry , i 'm a little jumpy tonight . 
 it 's no problem . 
 just go down that way . '' 
 i pointed in the direction of the library . 
 something tapped me hard on the shoulder . 
 i turned around , seeing a blur of knuckles just before a fist slammed into my face . 
 pain shot through my jaw . 
 stunned , my vision blurred out of focus . 
 i dropped my bag and keychain as i fell , landing hard on my back . 
 the impact knocked the wind out of me . 
 a hot throbbing radiated from my cheek to my ear . 
 i looked up , trying to focus through the confusion and pain . 
 a hulk of a man stood before me , not the skinny guy i 'd been speaking to . 
 `` help ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 the large man swung his foot , and hammered hard into my ribs . 
 i yelped as burning pain shot though my chest . 
 `` keep your mouth shut , slut , if you know what 's good for you , '' threatened the heavyset man . 
 i was sure he had just broken at least one of my ribs . 
 bile rose up my throat . 
 i rolled onto my knees , vomiting on the ground . 
 sharp pains stabbed me from within as i heaved . 
 the contents of my late-night snack spread in a sickening puddle over the concrete . 
 i looked up , barely able to make out through my blurry vision the skinny man walking toward me . 
 fear , panic , and anxiety tore through me all in the same instant . 
 i cowered , afraid of what would happen next . 
 gone was the friendly face he had fooled me with . 
 the skinny man 's lips twisted in a vicious smile , revealing dirty , tobacco-stained teeth . 
 removing his belt , he used it as a whip and struck me . 
 the leather stung as it tore open my face . 
 again i yelped . 
 hot tears streamed down my cheeks ; stinging the bleeding wound i had just received . 
 i tried to crawl away , but before i could get far , a foot came down hard on my hands . 
 a large , thick-soled boot crushed my knuckles , twisting side to side as if stamping out a cigarette . 
 i screamed at the top of my lungs , hoping someone would hear me and come to my rescue . 
 `` shut up or i 'll shut you up , '' the skinny man commanded . 
 `` now , we 're going to have a little fun . '' 
 `` please ... no ... do n't hurt me . '' 
 `` this one is too easy , mark , '' he said to his large friend . 
 `` yeah , not much fight in her , '' the heavyset man laughed . 
 `` but she 's got a nice tight little body . 
 mmmm , look at those boobs , craig . 
 bit more than a handful there , huh ? '' 
 he reached out , his hand just grazing my chest . 
 i balled myself up on the ground . 
 `` are you scared , little girl ? '' 
 taunted the man called mark . 
 the two men hovered over me , laughing . 
 i tried to reach out for my keychain , hoping to grab it , but it was too far . 
 my heart pounded , my stomach ached , and my ribs hurt . 
 pushing aside the pain , i stretched out as far as i could . 
 if i could just reach the keychain , i could pepper-spray them , and give myself a chance to run . 
 it was my only hope . 
 my fingers had just grazed the edge of one of the keys when something sharp pierced my lower back . 
 i screamed again . 
 a meaty hand forced itself over my mouth . 
 thick arms wrapped around me , lifting me up to my knees . 
 `` see what you made me do ? '' 
 his hot breath blew against my ear as he spoke . 
 i felt the knife as he slowly pulled it out of my back . 
 i whimpered under his grip over my mouth . 
 he pushed me toward the pavement . 
 i had no chance to break the fall . 
 the ground came at me too fast . 
 my head struck hard , with a crack . 
 throbbing pain radiated through my temples . 
 the man called mark bent down , grabbed my keychain , and threw it . 
 a faint echo sounded as it dropped , telling me i was doomed . 
 i had nothing left , no weapon with which to fight . 
 i was at their mercy and so utterly helpless . 
 in that moment , i knew my life was over . 
 even if they had their way and left me there , i would die . 
 i whimpered , trembling as he showed me the knife , freshly coated with my blood . 
 he waved slowly it in front of my face . 
 `` you wo n't be trying a stunt like that again , will you ? '' 
 he said . 
 i turned my head and saw the skinny man out of the corner of my eye . 
 he busied himself rummaging through my bag , tossing aside my book , makeup , and various trinkets . 
 after finding my wallet , he pocketed it and tossed the bag aside , shifting his focus back to me . 
 `` please , let me go . 
 please . '' 
 my voice cracked as i pleaded . 
 pain flooded my senses . 
 i could n't tell where the sensations were coming from . 
 tears streamed down my face . 
 shock set in and my head swam with dizziness . 
 i tried to focus on the stars above , something , anything to ground me in reality , but my vision clouded , as if i were looking through frosted glass . 
 why me ? 
 why is this happening to me ? 
 i had just lost my job , i had no clue how i would pay my rent , and my best friend had ditched me . 
 worst . 
 day . 
 ever ! 
 all i 'd wanted to do was get home to my apartment . 
 i 'd done nothing to deserve this . 
 why had i stopped to answer that man ? 
 the world blurred in and out of focus . 
 i fought to stay conscious . 
 i do n't want to die . 
 i do n't want this . 
 please , someone save me . 
 `` you hold her down , mark and i 'll have a go with her first , then you can have your turn , '' said the skinny man , smiling , giving me a close-up of his crooked yellow teeth . 
 i rolled sideways , curling into the fetal position . 
 `` why do you get to go first ? 
 i do n't want her when she 's cold . '' 
 `` if you shut up and let me take my turn , she 'll still be alive when you get her . '' 
 i hated the way they talked . 
 i hated the fact that the last thing i would hear before i die was their voices . 
 i was n't a person to them . 
 just a conquest . 
 nothing more than an object for them to use for their sinister pleasure . 
 i was going to die , just another statistic . 
 `` fine , but hurry , '' mark grumbled as he tossed the knife to his friend . 
 he took his frustration out on me , kicking me once more before rolling me on to my back to hold me down . 
 i knew what was coming next . 
 `` please ... do n't , '' i moaned weakly . 
 with one quick motion , the skinny man sliced my shirt and bra open , grazing my skin with the tip of the blade . 
 i hissed , feeling the sting as a line of blood traced the fresh cut . 
 he straddled me , admiring his work . 
 blood pooled between my breasts , thick and sticky . 
 a sinister smile crossed his face , telling me he was savoring the fear in my eyes . 
 his lips twisted upwards as he wiped his hand across the new wound , smearing the blood all over my skin . 
 the weight of his body pressed against my already broken ribs , sending new shocks of pain into my stomach . 
 i prayed it would be over soon . 
 `` how long are you going to take ? '' 
 mark complained again . 
 `` hurry up . 
 i want my turn . '' 
 my blood oozed out onto the concrete from the wound on my back . 
 i felt as if i were deflating . 
 drowsiness pulled me into darkness . 
 my eyelids drooped . 
 i did n't want to be awake for what they wanted to do anyway . 
 i welcomed the end of this torment . 
 a sharp sting hit me like a streak of lightening . 
 my eyes shot open . 
 through the haze i saw the skinny man 's hand , cocked and ready to deliver another strike . 
 my cheek throbbed with a warm pain . 
 `` oh , no , you 're not . 
 you 're staying awake for this , '' he sneered . 
 mark laughed and gripped my wrists tighter , above my head . 
 `` do that again , craig . 
 give her a last parting memory . '' 
 `` will you shut up ? 
 i ca n't concentrate with you talking . '' 
 thankfully , i did n't have to try blur out the image of this man on top of me . 
 i was too weak to fight my coming death . 
 the words of the large man holding my wrists echoed in my mind . 
 i would be cold and dead soon . 
 `` is that any way to treat a lady ? '' 
 a strange , deep , velvety voice asked . 
 a sense of hope reawakened in me . 
 my eyes shot open again , and i saw my attackers too had turned their attentions toward the interruption . 
 grateful for any new distraction , i strained to turn my head to look for this new and strange voice . 
 whoever he was , he might be able to stop these men and take me away . 
 `` get lost , bud , this is n't your concern , '' the skinny man , craig , said . 
 `` you would dare harm an innocent young girl ? '' 
 the new voice was oddly calm and arrogant . 
 `` such savagery . 
 you must realize i can not allow you to continue . '' 
 `` i said , get lost , man . '' 
 a slight shudder came from craig . 
 i felt the vibrations through my body . 
 he jerked his head from side to side frantically , as if scanning the surroundings . 
 a bead of sweat dripped from his head above me , landing right on my cheek . 
 a footstep echoed on the darkened path as the stranger approached . 
 i could just make out the faint outline of a man in the shadows . 
 my attackers seemed temporarily frozen with fear as they watched the man emerge from the darkness . 
 as the light hit the stranger , i saw a pair of eerily pale eyes lock onto me . 
 there was a moment , just a flash of feeling , but i could have sworn i felt him whisper , stay calm , in my ear . 
 could n't have though , he was so far away . 
 he casually walked over , the sounds of his footfalls breaking the sudden silence . 
 i wanted desperately to get away before anything else happened to me . 
 intuition told me something was different about this stranger . 
 my hair seemed to stand on end as he approached . 
 his eyes shone with an unnatural glow . 
 i wanted nothing more than to escape , but fear and the weakness of my beaten body kept me firmly in place . 
 my only hope was that somehow i might survive this night . 
 panic seemed to overtake my attackers ; they looked as if they wanted to run , but did n't . 
 mark tightened his grip on my wrists , painfully so . 
 i thought he might crush all the bones in my hand . 
 the stranger knelt down next to us . 
 he looked at craig , sitting on my chest and waved his hand , motioning for him to get off of me . 
 i felt the vibrations of mark trembling , still holding my wrists . 
 his arms shook violently , but he did n't let go . 
 craig ignored the stranger , focusing his attention on me . 
 his eyes locked onto mine . 
 the arrogant expression faded from his face . 
 `` please , let me go , please , '' i whispered . 
 again , the stranger motioned for craig to get off me . 
 when the gesture was ignored a second time , the stranger spoke . 
 `` my patience is wearing thin . 
 remove your hands from this girl . 
 and do it quickly before my temper gets the better of me . '' 
 his voice was more than dangerous this time . 
 even i was ready to run , if i could . 
 again , craig ignored the request ; he stared stone-faced at me . 
 beads of sweat dripped from his chin onto my exposed chest . 
 defiant as he was trying to be , i saw the terror in his wide eyes . 
 after a few moments , the stranger made his move . 
 with the ease of a man throwing out a sack of garbage , he grabbed craig , lifted him off of my chest , and tossed him , sending his body flying into a nearby wall . 
 it landed with a dull thud . 
 mark recoiled , releasing his grip on me ; however , he did not run away . 
 he stood still , like a deer caught in the headlights . 
 the stranger turned to look at him , staring intently into his eyes . 
 `` you will stay there . '' 
 calm as can be , the stranger 's voice demanded obedience . 
 `` you 'll have a good view . '' 
 mark nodded , his eyes wide with fear . 
 obediently , he remained in place , just as the stranger had instructed . 
 i wondered what would happen next . 
 even if i had the strength , i dared not move after seeing what this stranger was capable of . 
 i wanted to scream , but my voice no longer had any strength ; only soft whimpers escaped from my lips . 
 the stranger knelt down , looking at me kindly . 
 his eyes were hypnotic , big and gray with flecks of blue . 
 he smiled and caressed my bruised face . 
 his touch was cool and soothing to my angry wounds . 
 a strange calm took over as i looked into his eyes . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 he asked . 
 his eyes narrowed and his eyebrows pulled down in concentration . 
 my vision flickered , but i felt his deep , blue-gray eyes probing me , urging me to stay conscious . 
 `` a-a-alllyssssa . '' 
 it took work just to get the name out . 
 my body was n't cooperating . 
 the simple task of moving my lips to speak was almost too much to handle . 
 a still , grave expression marked the stranger 's face ; he bent down further , whispering in to my ear . 
 `` i 'm sorry , alyssa . 
 i know you have suffered much this evening , but i must do this ; you are too far gone . '' 
 i managed a nod . 
 i knew this would be the end . 
 he placed a hand behind my back , lifting me up to him . 
 with his other hand , he wiped the hair from my neck . 
 his touch was so cold and soothing to my aching body . 
 again , he whispered his apology as he leaned in close to me . 
 his cool lips gently opened on my neck , followed by a tiny pinch as his teeth pierced my skin . 
 a wave of calm fell over me . 
 what little strength i had left my body , and i gave way to his embrace . 
 the pain of my wounds diminished with each passing second . 
 gentle numbness consumed me as i felt the life drain from my body . 
 he supported me , holding me close so i would not slump back to the ground . 
 i could no longer see or hear . 
 i passed in and out of consciousness . 
 i was n't scared . 
 i was at peace : there was no pain , no fear , just peace . 
 chapter 2 * * * * * as i waited for the infamous light to follow to the next life , a tingling liquid trickled down my tongue . 
 it pooled in the back of my throat . 
 instinct made me swallow . 
 my throat erupted in flames . 
 heat spread throughout my body , lighting a path through my insides . 
 my skin felt as if was a shell locking in the flames . 
 i was ripped from my peaceful death and back into this painful new consciousness . 
 i wanted to scream out in agony , but could n't . 
 something hard and cold covered my mouth , pressing against my face . 
 i tried to struggle against the pressure , but my body would not cooperate . 
 i was motionless as a rag doll and at the mercy of this thing . 
 a voice broke the silence of my personal hell and commanded me , `` drink ! '' 
 i obeyed and swallowed , causing more flames to char my insides . 
 slowly , my vision came back . 
 the frightening blackness became a hazy blur of objects . 
 i barely made out the fuzzy shapes and figures around me . 
 i realized it was the stranger commanding me and covering my mouth . 
 i tried again to struggle , and this time my body responded . 
 i jerked sharply to the side and turned my head . 
 i tried to scream , but the only audible sound that escaped from my lips was a loud gurgle . 
 the stranger too jerked back for a moment . 
 i saw deep , red liquid drizzling down his arm . 
 `` ugh , '' i gurgled again . 
 what the hell ! 
 was that blood ? 
 his blood ? 
 he quickly recovered , pulling me back to him , and forced his wounded arm back over my mouth . 
 he held me firm , continuing to force me to drink . 
 i could n't comprehend what was happening . 
 i did n't want to drink anymore . 
 i did n't want to burn . 
 where was my peaceful death ? 
 i wanted it all to be over . 
 i wanted the pain to stop . 
 the fire was too intense . 
 i could do nothing to stop it though . 
 my body was motionless and uncooperative . 
 after what felt like a small eternity , he released me . 
 i rolled over , curling up into a ball , thankful not to have to swallow any more of the burning liquid -- his blood . 
 i lay there trembling , my insides on fire . 
 the stranger clutched his wounded arm ; a pained expression crossed his face . 
 he took slow , measured breaths and stood up . 
 the world began to spin around me . 
 my arms and legs twitched involuntarily . 
 my stomach lurched . 
 i was going to be sick . 
 instinctively i rolled onto my knees , heaving and convulsing ; each movement sending shocks of pain down my spine . 
 my body wanted none of this blood inside of it . 
 but nothing came up . 
 it was trapped inside of me . 
 my chest suddenly felt heavy and full . 
 i gasped for air ; feeling is if my lungs were filling with fluid . 
 my heart pounded hard , threatening to explode from the pressure . 
 just as i thought i could take no more , the burning stopped . 
 my muscles gave in and i collapsed on the ground . 
 i stared blankly at the sky above as my body went cold . 
 tiny pin pricks danced across my skin , like the waking of a sleeping limb . 
 every hair stood on its end and i flushed with goose bumps . 
 the ground suddenly felt hot . 
 my vision blanked again and darkness surrounded me . 
 i hoped this time it would really be over . 
 i was ready to cross into the next life . 
 i did n't want to suffer any longer . 
 `` relax , alyssa , this will all be over soon , '' the stranger said . 
 i prayed for death , but it would not come . 
 i learned a new pain as pressure mounted in my head . 
 my jaw tightened , forcing my mouth to open wide . 
 my ears felt like they would burst . 
 i felt my teeth moving , shifting around in my mouth . 
 i let out a hoarse , pain-filled moan as i struggled to pop my jaw and close my mouth . 
 my head throbbed , aching from the pressure . 
 suddenly , my vision returned , clear and sharp . 
 i was able to focus on the stranger . 
 he 'd turned his attention to my attacker . 
 i tried to scream for help , but no sound escaped . 
 `` have you seen enough ? '' 
 the stranger snickered , his voice full of mocking arrogance . 
 mark remained frozen in his spot , just as the stranger commanded . 
 fear marked his puffy face and his eyes were still wide with fright . 
 `` you will now pay for what you made me do here tonight . '' 
 a wicked smile crossed the stranger 's face as he grabbed mark by the neck , then bit down , hard . 
 mark let out a faint moan as the stranger drained him . 
 color faded from his bloated face . 
 his arms flailed wildly in a futile attempt to fight . 
 i felt no sorrow for this man as i watched his struggle . 
 the pain of my wounds was a result of the torment he had inflicted on me . 
 he deserved this . 
 he deserved to die . 
 mark 's eyes darkened and his arms fell limp . 
 the stranger unceremoniously dropped the lifeless body in a heap on the ground and turned back to me . 
 i caught the intensity of his eyes . 
 he was a frightening sight at that moment . 
 i trembled , watching a small line of fresh blood drip down his chin . 
 he exhaled a long , pleasurable sigh before wiping the blood from his face . 
 he had saved me from those men , but i was n't convinced yet that he was no danger to me . 
 he bent down to me again , and wiped the hair out of my face . 
 his touch no longer felt cold . 
 i recoiled in fear , but my body was still too weak to let me move far . 
 `` who ... what ... are you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i am lysander , '' he said matter-of-factly . 
 the tips of his fangs poked out from behind blood-stained lips . 
 `` we are not done yet . 
 you need more blood . '' 
 he stood up and walked over to the skinny man , still unconscious on the ground where he had been thrown earlier . 
 lysander grabbed him by the back of his shirt , and the man let out a faint moan as his body was dragged over to me . 
 `` you need to drink if you want to make it through the night , '' lysander said . 
 he picked up the knife that had been left on the ground and cut into the man 's wrist . 
 i shuddered , seeing blood pool to the surface of the fresh wound . 
 lysander sat me up and pushed the bleeding wrist to my mouth . 
 `` no , '' i whimpered and tried , unsuccessfully , to turn away -- i still did not have much control over my body . 
 i did n't want to drink any more blood . 
 i was repulsed at the thought of it . 
 lysander held the man 's wrist firm and offered it to me again . 
 `` you must drink this , or you will die . '' 
 he stared at me with hard , cold eyes . 
 his voice echoed in my head , telling me i had no other option . 
 lysander pushed the wounded arm to my lips . 
 my tongue grazed the wound , tasting the sticky wetness . 
 this was n't the liquid fire i had just experienced from lysander . 
 it was almost sweet . 
 i swallowed quickly , surprised that it soothed my pain as it ran down into my stomach . 
 `` good girl , '' lysander said in a whisper . 
 `` keep drinking . '' 
 with each swallow , the trembling of my limbs lessened . 
 strength slowly returned to my body . 
 i drank deeply , ignoring the thought that it was blood -- it was my remedy and nothing else . 
 i needed it to end my pain and suffering . 
 soon , i was able to control and lift my arms ; the trembling had stopped . 
 a blissful fuzziness , as if i were drunk , filled my head . 
 my mind swam with euphoric pleasure . 
 i found myself lapping at the wound like an animal . 
 i wanted to draw out every last bit of this healing elixir . 
 lysander must have noticed . 
 he pulled the wounded arm away from me . 
 `` that 's enough for now , '' he warned . 
 as soon as i stopped drinking , the pins and needles returned , tingling and pricking at my skin . 
 `` no , i need it , '' i rasped . 
 `` please , i need more . '' 
 an understanding smile crept across lysander 's face . 
 he chuckled . 
 `` you have had enough for now , young one . 
 there will be plenty more , when the time comes . '' 
 pain was already increasing as each second passed . 
 tingles became sharp pin pricks . 
 my insides were no longer on fire , but every muscle in my body ached . 
 i needed more . 
 i did not want to feel pain again . 
 i tried to get up , but lost balance . 
 my stomach churned . 
 i fell . 
 white light flashed before my eyes as my head hit the ground . 
 chapter 3 * * * * * darkness surrounded me . 
 a voice spoke softly in my head . 
 do not die , young one . 
 be strong . 
 do not die . 
 i became painfully aware of liquid pouring down on me , each drop like an icy hammer hitting my sore skin . 
 movement echoed in my ears , telling me that i was n't alone . 
 slowly , i opened my eyes . 
 harsh light blinded me . 
 my mind was fuzzy . 
 i struggled to recall any small detail that might clue me in to what had happened and where i was . 
 i reached up to wipe the splattering water from my face and chanced opening my eyes again . 
 as i looked up , i found the source of the water , a showerhead on the opposite wall . 
 confused by my odd location , i struggled to penetrate the blackness of my memory and figure out how i had ended up in a bathtub . 
 where the hell am i ? 
 everything was bright , too bright , and unfamiliar . 
 my vision , it seemed , had become remarkably sharp while i was unconscious . 
 i could n't remember ever seeing so many details in such simple surroundings as these before . 
 cream-colored tiles covered the walls , each rippled with tiny imperfections . 
 each held an individual pattern , making them unique and special . 
 yellowing , porous grout , framing the tiles , appeared to be littered with dots from small air bubbles that had come to the surface , creating different patterns and shapes . 
 even the plain white curtain that separated me from the rest of the room seemed unusually detailed and perfectly woven . 
 i saw each tiny strand that had been tightly bound together to form this heavy , durable cloth . 
 small specks of mold building up in the corners of the porcelain basin were n't able to escape my new sight either . 
 the amazing level of detail i experienced did n't hold my attention for long . 
 freezing water still poured down on me . 
 i needed to reach the handle and end the cold assault , but it seemed so far out of my reach . 
 i eased myself up to a sitting position , my muscles aching with each small movement . 
 looking down , i saw my beaten body . 
 the water had washed away some of the grime , but what was left of my shredded clothes was stained and clinging to my skin . 
 `` uggh ! '' 
 i moaned . 
 `` oh , good , you 're alive , '' said a male voice from behind the white curtain . 
 i 'd have jumped out of my skin if my muscles were working properly . 
 the strange voice startled me so , but though it was odd , it was also very familiar . 
 i searched my fuzzy memories to place the voice with a face . 
 a wave of fear came over me as i remembered the attack . 
 had i been kidnapped ? 
 was i a hostage of some kind ? 
 i struggled to recall the events of the evening . 
 `` you 've been out for a few hours . 
 i was worried i might have lost you , '' he spoke with kindness , i almost believed him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i called , still not sure who i was talking to . 
 `` it does n't always work . 
 some people ca n't be turned . '' 
 `` turned ? '' 
 i again tried to run through my memories of what had happened . 
 i remembered blood , and the feeling of my body burning from the inside . 
 `` i 'll explain it when you 're done in there . 
 i 've left some clothes on the toilet . 
 i hope they fit . '' 
 the voice trailed out of the bathroom . 
 i tried to stand . 
 my muscles ached . 
 gripping the edge of the tub , i moaned as i pushed myself up . 
 my legs did n't want to cooperate ; they shook as they tried to support my weight . 
 it was as if i was learning to stand for the first time . 
 i felt weak and a little dizzy . 
 i leaned against the wall , using it as a crutch to help me to balance while i removed what remained of my shredded and blood-stained clothes . 
 i shuddered , seeing more of the wounds that covered my body . 
 i should n't have survived . 
 each bruise i saw invoked a terrible memory : the man on my stomach laughing , the knife waving in front of my face , teeth biting me , a stranger drinking my blood . 
 i turned the shower handle to hot and let the water run down my back . 
 the warmth soothed my sore skin . 
 i rested my head against the wall and tried to rationalize what had happened . 
 i blamed myself for walking alone . 
 i knew better . 
 i should have asked someone to walk with me or drive me . 
 i cursed myself for relying on a stupid keychain of pepper spray as my protection . 
 i could hardly believe everything that had happened . 
 i saw myself lying on the ground , drinking blood from a strange man 's arm . 
 what was his name ? 
 was i really drinking blood ? 
 why was i even alive ? 
 did that man save me ? 
 the thought of blood caused an ache in the pit of my stomach . 
 i pinched myself a few times . 
 maybe this was all just a really bad dream and i just needed to wake up . 
 none of it made sense maybe someone had slipped something into my coffee at the café . 
 i had n't really been drinking blood , had i ? 
 i could n't stop focusing on the blood i had drunk . 
 a sweet , sticky taste crept up from the back of my throat . 
 i gulped at the water pouring down from the showerhead , trying to smother the flavor . 
 my stomach retched as i swallowed , causing me to sputter and spit the water to the ground . 
 i tried to ignore the nagging ache in the pit of my stomach . 
 i needed answers first . 
 i needed to know why i was here and where here was . 
 i needed to know what the hell had happened to me . 
 i finished rinsing , turned off the water , and slid open the shower curtain . 
 the light seemed brighter in the rest of this room . 
 i squinted , letting my eyes adjust a little . 
 the rest of the bathroom was small and narrow . 
 nothing more than a simple toilet , shower , mirror , and vanity sink . 
 the only real color in the room came from the red towels hanging on the towel bar and the bath mat on the floor . 
 i grabbed one towel and wrapped it around myself and then noticed the clothes left on the toilet seat . 
 they appeared to be new and for a brief moment , i wondered where he had gotten them . 
 `` i guess this will have to do , '' i mumbled as i pulled on a simple green spaghetti-strap tank top . 
 i slid my legs into a pair of blue jeans and pulled them up . 
 fastening the button , i felt a small pinch in my back . 
 i reached around , touched a hard scab , and winced , remembering the pain of the knife that had been stabbed into my back . 
 how was i even alive ? 
 i certainly should n't have been after the ordeal i 'd been through . 
 i checked myself out in the mirror . 
 most of my wounds were already healing . 
 bruises that were n't covered by clothing had started turning yellow . 
 the cuts on my back and face had scabbed over too . 
 i noticed something on my neck . 
 brushing away the wet strands of my red hair , i saw a half-ring of small bruises and two very deep-looking holes . 
 lysander , i thought , suddenly remembering the stranger 's name . 
 my memory flashed again . 
 i remembered the pinch as his teeth sunk into my neck . 
 i shuddered again as a chill danced down my spine . 
 what ... who was this lysander ? 
 he could n't be a ... no . 
 that 's silly ; they are n't real . 
 i gave the rest of my body a quick once-over in the mirror and suddenly i stopped in shock . 
 `` my eyes , '' i gasped . 
 `` oh , my god ! '' 
 i could n't believe it . 
 how is this possible ? 
 those are not my eyes . 
 all the color had disappeared . 
 large gray eyes stared back at me from the mirror . 
 they were pale and cloudy with hints of blue , no longer the emerald green they used to be . 
 these were the same eyes i looked into when i got my first glimpse of lysander . 
 wondering what else had changed , i surveyed the rest of my face : ears , hair , lips , all seemed the same . 
 thinking of the bite on my neck , i opened my mouth . 
 gone was the five-thousand dollar , perfectly straight , smile -- that had taken me four years to pay off . 
 my eyeteeth appeared to have grown larger , crowding the surrounding ones . 
 the new , slightly larger , canine-like teeth poked down below the others , reminding me of fangs -- the kind vampires from hollywood movies were famous for . 
 i playfully licked at them , noting how much sharper they felt as they scraped across the surface of my tongue . 
 `` this ca n't be possible . '' 
 it was time to find this lysander guy and get some answers . 
 chapter 4 * * * * * i stepped out of the bathroom into a small , dark hallway , noting doors to my left and right . 
 peering through an arched opening in the wall in front of me , i saw light and dancing shadows . 
 maybe i should look for lysander there . 
 i limped slowly through the archway , my muscles aching with each step . 
 the living room was cavernous , with vaulted ceilings . 
 though only two small lamps provided light , the room appeared as bright as if it were daylight inside . 
 i squinted , allowing my eyes some time to adjust as i searched for lysander . 
 the small lamps , on top of side-tables , cast their glow on a u-shaped sitting space . 
 a large , overstuffed black leather couch sat against a wall , flanked by two smaller matching loveseats . 
 lysander sat on the couch , looking down at a book in his hands . 
 he appeared not to notice me slowly making my way toward him . 
 i stopped long enough to get a good look at him . 
 his skin was flawless , smooth as porcelain and just as pale , showing no signs of wrinkles or imperfections . 
 he had a slightly pointed nose that hung over a pair of thin lips and his wide masculine jaw tapered down to a perfect crescent chin . 
 i might have thought him a statue for the still and rigid way he sat on the couch . 
 his broad shoulders hunched as he looked down , obviously engrossed in the book in his hands . 
 a glass coffee table sat in front of him , littered with papers and an antique-looking book . 
 i quickly scanned the rest of the room , wondering if anyone else was here with us . 
 i was barely ready to speak with lysander , and the prospect of more people like him sent a shiver of fright down my spine . 
 the opposite wall housed a large set of bookshelves with a library 's worth of old-looking books . 
 a television was mounted to the wall between the bookshelves . 
 its light mingled with the glow of the table lamps , creating dancing images on the bare white walls . 
 there was no warm , homey , lived-in feel , only a stark , minimalist theme to the décor in this room . 
 that , and the fact i did n't see another person , gave me a small measure of comfort , confirming that we were alone . 
 time to get some answers . 
 i steeled my courage and took a step forward . 
 my ankle sagged . 
 i let out a whimper as i lost balance and caught myself against the wall . 
 lysander looked up . 
 wavy dark hair framed his oval face in a messy yet purposeful way . 
 his dark hair emphasized the almost transparent nature of his eyes and forced me to look directly at them . 
 they were so beautiful . 
 i could get lost looking into those deep , swirling pools of gray . 
 small hints of blue sparkled at me like stars in the twilight sky . 
 i was entranced . 
 we stared silently at one another for a moment before he stood up . 
 `` good to see you up and moving , '' he said in a smooth , velvety voice . 
 he was at my side in a blurred flash , moving quicker than i 'd ever seen anyone move before . 
 i stifled a small gasp as lysander enveloped me in his strong arms and helped me to stand . 
 i suddenly felt the brush of butterfly wings buzzing deep within my stomach . 
 heat flushed my face . 
 i looked down , not wanting to meet his gaze again . 
 `` i have no doubt you are a little confused . 
 here , let me help you . '' 
 he supported my weight , helping me walk . 
 `` where am i ? '' 
 i asked meekly . 
 my muscles gave out and i collapsed onto the soft leather of his couch . 
 `` this is my home , alyssa . '' 
 `` and ... who ... what are you ? '' 
 my memory flashed to the darkness and the sound of his voice commanding me to drink . 
 i shuddered for a second riding a small wave of fear . 
 `` do not worry , alyssa . 
 i will not hurt you . '' 
 he breathed a heavy sigh , taking a seat next to me . 
 `` i 've done enough to you already . '' 
 my hand moved instinctively to my neck . 
 i touched the crusted scabs of two small puncture wounds . 
 i recalled the small pinch of teeth and the pressure of his mouth against my neck . 
 `` what exactly have you done to me ? '' 
 `` i must apologize for what has happened this evening . 
 you would have died if i had not turned you . '' 
 `` turned ? 
 what have you turned me into ? '' 
 i asked , my voice finding a small measure of strength . 
 `` well . '' 
 lysander paused and took a slow , deep breath . 
 `` to put it simply -- '' he reached up and pinched the bridge of his nose . 
 his eyebrows pulled together and small creases formed in between them . 
 i waited anxiously for what would come next . 
 `` you are a vampire . '' 
 `` a what ? '' 
 i shrieked . 
 `` you are a vampire , alyssa , '' he said slowly . 
 `` an immortal . '' 
 `` no ! 
 that 's not possible . '' 
 i shook my head in disbelief . 
 `` vampires are n't real . 
 they 're fiction ; nothing but stories and myths . '' 
 one of his dark eyebrows rose slightly . 
 he cocked his head to the side . 
 he smirked as his eyes trailed down from my face . 
 `` did you not notice the mark on your neck ? 
 do you not remember drinking my blood ? '' 
 his fangs showed as he spoke : pure white , sharp little daggers , just a slight bit longer than the rest of his teeth . 
 his voice carried that same arrogance i remembered from when he talked with my attackers . 
 my mouth hung open . 
 no , this is n't possible . 
 things were still fuzzy in my head , but i did remember the blood , the liquid fire , i had been forced to drink . 
 i 'd hoped it had just been some drug-induced dream . 
 oh , my god , it was true . 
 i drank his blood . 
 `` i 'm ... a ... vampire ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` our kind are very real . 
 and now , alyssa , you are one of us . '' 
 i slumped backwards into the cushions of the couch . 
 his words hit me like a punch to the gut . 
 i stared wide-eyed at the distant wall . 
 this was like some terrible nightmare . 
 i did n't want to believe what he was telling me , but i knew he was right . 
 there was no other way to explain what had happened to me . 
 no amount of hallucinogenic drugs could have explained how i had survived the attack , why i had these markings , or the sharpness of my own new set of fangs . 
 `` does that mean i 'm ... undead ? '' 
 `` you are immortal , '' lysander said with a casual wave of his hand . 
 `` undead is a silly term mortals use to explain the supernatural things they can not possibly understand . 
 you are no more dead than you were when you woke up this morning . 
 you are just , for lack of a better word , changed . '' 
 lysander gave me another toothy grin . 
 his fangs were frightening to look at . 
 the memory of him biting me played over and over in my mind like a video stuck on repeat . 
 `` but you drank my blood . '' 
 my hand shot back up to cover the wound on my neck . 
 `` only enough to allow the transformation . '' 
 he reached out , grabbed my hand , and pulled it from my neck . 
 `` do n't touch me . '' 
 i flinched , annoyed and afraid at his sudden gesture . 
 i tried to pull my hand out of his grip , but he was so much stronger than i was . 
 he pushed my hand to my chest , forcing me to feel the erratic thumping of my heart . 
 `` you see , '' he said calmly . 
 `` your heart still beats . '' 
 i let out a breath i did n't realize i had been holding . 
 `` but ... how ? '' 
 i relaxed my hand relaxed under his grip . 
 `` unlike some of your other organs , your heart is still necessary to keep blood flowing through your body . '' 
 lysander let go of me . 
 `` for now , while your body is in transition , it will beat in an accelerated rhythm , but it will eventually slow itself to a more normal pace . '' 
 i was speechless . 
 my mind raced , recalling books and movies , everything i knew about vampire mythology . 
 bats , stakes , and garlic immediately popped into my mind . 
 `` i must mention that your generation 's ideas of vampires are a bit off . '' 
 lysander spoke with a hint of amusement in his voice . 
 `` many of the popular books and movies about our kind are no more real than children 's fairytales . '' 
 is he reading my mind ? 
 i wondered how he seemed to say just the right thing as i was thinking it . 
 `` so , none of the stories are true ? '' 
 `` most of the new stories you are probably familiar with are filled with complete nonsense . '' 
 `` what about the old ones , like dracula ? '' 
 lysander sighed . 
 his shoulders slumped . 
 `` dracula is not what i would consider an old story , but yes , a few are based on some truth , however little it may be . 
 there is much that is added to make us seem easier to deal with . '' 
 his lip curled into a crooked grin . 
 `` mortals like to think they can hurt us . 
 it helps them sleep at night . '' 
 `` so , you 're not afraid of crosses , then ? '' 
 lysander shook his head . 
 `` crosses and other holy relics are nothing more than symbols and decorations . 
 i hardly see why an ornamental cross would stop me from doing anything . 
 furthermore , i think it 's time for the christians to come up with a better symbol . 
 one that is a little less ... gloomy . '' 
 i chuckled . 
 `` okay , what about garlic ? '' 
 he shrugged his shoulders . 
 `` what about it ? '' 
 `` is n't garlic bad for vampires ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` why would it be ? 
 we do n't eat , so how would it harm us ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` okay ... umm ... stakes ? '' 
 his head tilted to the side as the corner of his lip lifted . 
 `` you can try to stab me with a piece of wood , but i doubt it will do much more than aggravate me . 
 we heal quite fast . 
 perhaps a blade would work better . '' 
 i shuddered , seeing his teeth again as he spoke . 
 is that how i look now ? 
 `` so , knives and swords are bad ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 it is much harder to regenerate a severed limb . 
 and if we are separated from our heads , it would be safe to say we would cease to exist . '' 
 i smiled , noting the sarcasm in lysander 's voice . 
 i could tell he 'd had this conversation before . 
 he seemed to be enjoying my round of silly questions . 
 `` holy water ? '' 
 i blurted out . 
 lysander let out a hearty laugh . 
 `` no , you wo n't melt into a pile of goo . 
 you can throw most of that nonsense out of the window , alyssa . '' 
 i giggled , realizing how silly it sounded : melting into a pile of goo after being splashed with water . 
 maybe this wo n't be so bad . 
 `` you see , we immortals are not as ridiculous as hollywood likes to portray us . 
 though one thing is true ... we do survive off the blood of the living . '' 
 the smile faded from my face . 
 blood ; of course . 
 that was the one true thing in all the myths . 
 lysander sat quietly as if waiting for me to do or say something . 
 after a moment of silence , the casual smile disappeared from his lips . 
 he had to know this revelation would be a shock to me , but i could n't read his now expressionless face . 
 the silence in the room quickly turned awkward . 
 i guessed that he was waiting for me to respond or acknowledge my understanding or acceptance of what he 'd just told me . 
 but how do you respond to someone who tells you that you will now survive on blood ? 
 for that matter , how the hell was i going to survive on blood ? 
 am i going to have to bite someone ? 
 no ! 
 there 's just no way i can do that . 
 i sat there half dazed . 
 as the thought of blood entered my mind , my stomach ached . 
 pangs of hunger nagged at me . 
 i tried my best to ignore them . 
 according to lysander , hunger now meant blood ; and if that was the case , i did n't want any . 
 `` how , why ... '' i did n't have the ability at that moment to articulate all the thoughts swimming through my head . 
 words spilled out of their own accord , faster than i could form sentences . 
 `` i just ... blood ... no . '' 
 `` it 's a lot to take in , especially since you were thrown into this , '' lysander said in his soothing , velvety voice . 
 `` it is not a common practice to turn someone who is completely oblivious to our kind . 
 please understand , i had to do this . 
 you would have died if i had n't turned you . '' 
 how am i going to drink someone 's blood ? 
 i ca n't do it . 
 no ! 
 i wo n't do it . 
 that 's disgusting . 
 shock from this revelation tied my tongue . 
 `` we can go into more detail about all of this after you have had a little time to accept it . 
 there is more to know . '' 
 more ? 
 there 's more ? 
 what else , do i have to eat brains , too ? 
 i do n't think i can handle any more . 
 i sat , wringing my hands as i tried to ignore the ache building in my stomach . 
 was it hunger ? 
 thirst , perhaps ? 
 lysander 's brow furrowed as he watched me . 
 i wondered if he understood what i was thinking or how i was feeling . 
 `` immortality , you might be happy to know , '' he said softly , `` does have a few pleasant benefits . 
 you should already notice that your wounds are healing quite nicely . 
 by tomorrow evening you will have completely healed , leaving almost no trace of tonight 's ... unfortunate events . '' 
 i took a deep breath , attempting to calm my nerves , and then nodded at lysander , thankful for the change in subject . 
 i did n't want to hear anything more about blood . 
 `` as you get stronger , your body will regenerate itself faster . '' 
 i gave him a half-hearted smile . 
 `` also , you will no longer age . 
 your body is now essentially frozen in time . 
 the way you look today is the way you will continue to look forever . '' 
 that , i had to admit , was a pleasant revelation ; to be twenty-five forever , to never have to worry about wrinkles or gray hairs . 
 i could enjoy the idea that i would stay young forever . 
 at least there were some perks to this . 
 lysander returned my smile . 
 `` however , '' he continued , almost cautiously , `` the transformation causes you to lose the natural pigment in your skin . 
 without the melanin to protect you from ultraviolet light , you will sunburn ... almost instantly . '' 
 i looked down at my hands . 
 they did seem to be lighter . 
 blue veins showed more prominently under my pale skin . 
 `` the same goes for your eyes . 
 they too , are also going to be extremely sensitive to light . 
 even with sunglasses , the sun 's light will be quite blinding . '' 
 great , another truth to the old myths ; real vampires are n't allowed out in the daylight . 
 it saddened me to think i would never be able to go outside during the day again . 
 i had not even been given a proper chance to say goodbye to sunlight . 
 guess that means tanning booths are out , too . 
 i wondered how hard it would be to live a nocturnal life . 
 it seemed that now i would have no choice . 
 lost in my depressed thoughts , i was vaguely aware that lysander was still talking . 
 `` we are creatures of the night , so to speak , and you will get used to this lifestyle soon enough . '' 
 his mention of being a creature definitely caught my attention . 
 `` does that mean we have to sleep in coffins ? '' 
 `` not unless you want to . '' 
 i detected a bit of sarcasm in his voice . 
 he sat back into the couch ; a slight smirk turned the corner of his mouth up . 
 `` they are quite confining and uncomfortable . 
 personally , i prefer a large bed . 
 but , if you wish , we can find you one . '' 
 `` what about the sunlight ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` does n't a coffin protect us from it ? '' 
 lysander shook his head . 
 `` we sunburn easily , but we do not burst into flames , alyssa , '' he scoffed . 
 `` proper window coverings are enough to keep us protected during the day . 
 sunlight is a danger and not particularly pleasant , but not immediately deadly . '' 
 i was silent , taking in all this new information . 
 i desperately tried to remember the last sunrise i had seen , so i could burn the beautiful hues of orange and pink into my memory . 
 why did this have to happen to me ? 
 this sucks . 
 no more daylight . 
 i 'll never feel the warmth of the desert sun again ! 
 lysander 's eyes locked on me . 
 i felt an odd warmth radiating from him . 
 the strange sensation broke me from my thoughts of daylight . 
 did he enjoy being a vampire ? 
 did he ever have problems with this lifestyle ? 
 he broke the silence . 
 `` you 're undoubtedly very weak and in quite a bit of pain at the moment . 
 i promise this will not last too long . 
 it may take a day or so for your mortal body to completely change . 
 blood will help this . '' 
 i winced at the mention of blood . 
 `` you will need blood regularly , '' lysander said . 
 `` please , no . '' 
 i waved my hands in front of my face . 
 `` i do n't want to talk about this . 
 i ca n't . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , but it is unavoidable . 
 the living energy it provides is what keeps your immortal body functioning properly . 
 you will have to have blood ... and soon . '' 
 i looked away , turning from lysander to the bookshelf , letting my eyes blur out of focus . 
 i did not want to deal with this reality . 
 my mind teeter-tottered between fear and confusion . 
 i ran my tongue over my newly sharpened teeth . 
 how am i going to live off blood ? 
 does he really expect me to bite someone ? 
 i wanted all of this to be a dream . 
 lysander 's words reverberated in my head . 
 your body will need blood regularly . 
 how could i be this thing ? 
 i could n't do this . 
 why the hell did this happen to me ? 
 i realized i 'd been sitting silent for a while . 
 i turned back toward lysander , meeting his hypnotic blue-gray eyes . 
 his stare questioned me , as if looking for some sign of acceptance . 
 i wanted to speak , to say something profound , but all i could come up with was , `` why me ? '' 
 `` fate , perhaps , '' lysander said with a casual wave of his hand . 
 `` those two men were meant to be my victims . '' 
 a pained look crossed his face , his brow furrowed as if the mention of those men caused him some unknown suffering . 
 `` regrettably , they attacked you first , and i could n't allow you to die by their hands . '' 
 i nodded to myself as he spoke and again ran my tongue back and forth across my teeth , enjoying the new feeling of the sharp , pointed ones . 
 i tried to grasp everything he 'd explained to me . 
 it all sounded crazy , but this was reality now . 
 `` you 'll do best not to bring much attention to those , '' lysander said catching me lick the tip of one of my teeth . 
 i snapped out of my daze . 
 `` sorry , i just ca n't help it , it 's all so ... so ... '' i was at a loss for words . 
 how could i describe how i felt about all of this ? 
 it was new and frightening . 
 he shot me a stern look . 
 `` i know this is very different for you , but you will have to learn to be discreet about your new self . 
 the world is not that accepting of us , and we must be vigilant for fear of discovery . '' 
 `` but who would we need to fear ? 
 did n't you just tell me we 're immortal ? '' 
 he lowered his head and pinched the bridge of his nose before letting out an impatient sigh . 
 `` immortality does not mean invincibility , alyssa . '' 
 annoyance tainted his voice . 
 `` ours is a life of secrecy . 
 the better we blend in and the less attention we draw to ourselves , the better . 
 there are people out there who hunt us . '' 
 `` what do you mean , like actual vampire hunters ? '' 
 lysander glanced up at the ceiling as if looking for guidance . 
 `` yes . 
 there are hunters out there , alyssa . 
 they call themselves the acta sanctorum -- the saints . 
 their church promotes the hysteria that all supernatural beings , and anyone else who might be considered different , are unnatural . 
 they see us as nothing more than monsters . 
 they use fear to allow them free rein to kill whomever they please , to rid the world of what they deem evil . '' 
 `` wait , so you mean there are more than just vampires out there ? 
 what else is unnatural ? 
 werewolves , wizards , witches ? '' 
 `` yes , there are many other supernatural beings in our world . 
 but ... '' his face became serious , as if contemplating something important . 
 `` not all of us are evil , and sometimes the hunter should be destroyed rather than its prey . '' 
 this was way too much to handle . 
 i did n't want to hear anymore . 
 i was overwhelmed . 
 vampires , werewolves , religious crusaders ... there were too many new things to process . 
 i tried to get up , but my muscles protested , refusing to move more than an inch . 
 i sank back down into the couch cushions . 
 `` alyssa , let us try to concentrate on one thing at a time , for now . 
 i know this is all new for you . 
 just try to focus on vampires , our kind , now . 
 the acta sanctorum hunts -- '' `` maybe we should be put down , '' i snapped . 
 my hand balled into a fist at my side . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` sounds to me like the acting santum people -- '' lysander 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` the acta sanctorum , '' he said slowly , enunciating each word . 
 `` whatever . 
 it sounds to me like they are trying to be the good guys . 
 they hunt down murderers . '' 
 `` being a vampire does not make you a murderer . '' 
 `` but did n't you just tell me we have to kill and drink blood to survive ? 
 does n't that make us evil ? '' 
 i was freaking out . 
 the words came out before i could stop myself . 
 lysander sighed and shook his head . 
 `` it must be nice to live in such a simple world , where everything is black and white . '' 
 there was a menacing growl to his voice . 
 he stood up and paced the length of the room , crossing his arms in front of his chest . 
 `` yes , we do survive on blood , as most people survive eating cattle , chickens , pigs , and other animals . 
 those animals are slaughtered for human consumption , but i do n't see you so quick to shame that carnivorous act . '' 
 he threw a stern look at me and instantly , i felt ashamed . 
 i knew i should have chosen my words better . 
 scared or not , i should n't have insulted lysander or his lifestyle . 
 after all , he did save me , even if by doing so he condemned me in the process . 
 lysander sucked in a breath before speaking again . 
 `` being an immortal does not make you evil . 
 you are what you are . 
 you must survive on blood . 
 you can not eat food or drink anything except blood from now on . 
 remember this : it is how and when you feed that makes you a monster , or just another being trying to survive in this world . '' 
 `` i did n't mean to say ... '' i tried to interrupt , but i stopped myself . 
 annoyance showed on lysander 's face . 
 he glared at me coldly . 
 i winced , remembering what he had done to my attackers . 
 i did n't want to further incite his anger . 
 after a long pause , he spoke again , his voice monotonic and controlled . 
 `` being immortal does not deny you any of the same basic needs as anyone else . 
 we need shelter to keep us from the elements , clothing to cover us , and food to keep our bodies running . 
 the only difference is our food . 
 we must drink blood . '' 
 i nodded . 
 there was nothing i could say to him at that moment . 
 `` you are going to have to throw out many of your beliefs about what is right and wrong , or you wo n't survive the infancy of your vampirism . '' 
 i never wanted this vampirism . 
 i slouched into the couch cushions , pondering this for a moment . 
 lysander sat down next to me ; his eyes locked with mine . 
 it was obvious he wanted some acknowledgement from me that i understood and accepted everything he 'd told me . 
 i just did n't know what to say . 
 as far as i was concerned , killing was evil , and i could n't wrap my mind around the fact that human beings were now in the same category as a cheeseburger . 
 i was repulsed by the thought of drinking blood , especially from a living being . 
 how was i going to survive this infancy , as lysander put it ? 
 if i did n't kill , i would n't live ; but if i did kill , i would deserve the acta sanctorum coming and destroying me like a rabid dog . 
 i could n't avoid lysander 's quiet stare any longer . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 it was the only thing i could think to say at the moment . 
 his expression softened . 
 i could tell lysander understood , at least on some level , what i was feeling . 
 `` becoming a vampire is easy , '' he said calmly . 
 `` living with the condition , that is the hard part . 
 it 's your choice if you wish to survive now . 
 i saved you from mortal death ; now , it is up to you to live with this knowledge of what you are . '' 
 chapter 5 * * * * * his words had been plain , lacking any emotion . 
 he was right , though . 
 as cold and emotionless about it as he was , his words were true . 
 i did n't want to accept it . 
 i did n't want to become something i thought was wrong . 
 i felt so out of control at that moment , knowing what i was -- a vampire -- and having no way to go back . 
 in one night , my whole world had changed . 
 i wanted to go back to my apartment and hide , to pretend none of this had happened to me . 
 i did n't want this new life . 
 i needed a drink . 
 a good stiff one . 
 my stomach nagged at me . 
 it had been nagging me since i woke up in that bathtub . 
 i could n't continue to ignore it . 
 i needed to eat , or drink , or feed -- whatever it was called . 
 but , feeding meant blood . 
 i was stuck . 
 this was some kind of a cruel joke . 
 my body craved the one thing it needed , which was the one thing i felt repulsed to think about . 
 `` how long can i go without blood ? '' 
 i mumbled . 
 lysander seemed to perk up , hearing me mention the `` b '' word . 
 `` you 're young ; you will probably need to feed every night for a little while . 
 when you get older , you can go days and even weeks without it . '' 
 `` and what happens if i do n't f-ff-feed ? '' 
 just the sound of that word made my stomach turn . 
 i imagined drinking warm cupful 's of thick , gelatinous , half-coagulated blood . 
 a sickeningly sweet taste gnawed at the back of my throat . 
 `` consider it a kind of paralysis . '' 
 lysander said matter-of-factly . 
 `` if you do n't feed , your body will simply shut down , and you will go into a comatose-like state , unable to move , leaving you at the mercy of the elements and whoever may find you . '' 
 i took a slow deep breath to try and calm my body down . 
 hunger relentlessly nagged at me , but i did n't want to accept that i needed to drink blood to stop it . 
 my stomach ached with emptiness as my mind flashed to images of the blood i had drunk earlier . 
 tingles and small prickles danced across my skin like the sensation of a limb waking from sleep . 
 the tingles echoed the feeling i had during my transformation . 
 it hinted that a more uncomfortable feeling would soon follow . 
 my skin felt as if it were drying , becoming tight and itchy . 
 i rested my forehead in my hands , closing my eyes as my mind played out the only scenario that would end this feeling . 
 lysander sat beside me like a statue , as if waiting for me to say something . 
 how can i do this ? 
 how can i live like this ? 
 i ca n't drink blood . 
 the aching in my stomach would n't stop . 
 my throat dried with each breath i took . 
 a slow burning accompanied the sickeningly sweet taste clinging to my throat . 
 there has to be some way out of this . 
 i do n't want to drink blood . 
 i remembered how quickly my pain was quenched with the sweet-tasting blood i had drunk from my attacker . 
 no , i ca n't do that . 
 my body knew i needed blood . 
 it teased me with the pain , as well as the memories of pleasure . 
 no , i must n't . 
 i ca n't do this . 
 i do n't want to be a monster . 
 my mind showed me more of the lightheaded ecstasy i 'd felt earlier ; when lysander had forced the wounded arm to my mouth and made me drink . 
 the need building inside of me was overwhelming . 
 finally , after reaching the limits of my endurance , i gave in to the unrelenting torment . 
 the desire for blood had taken over . 
 i could no longer concentrate on anything else . 
 i let out a defeated sigh . 
 `` i 'm hungry . 
 i need something , food or drink , just something . '' 
 lysander smiled widely , letting the sharp tips of his teeth show below his lips ; perhaps he knew that my need for blood would overcome my rational judgment . 
 `` i had a feeling you would be thirsty . 
 you will need to learn to hunt . '' 
 `` hunt ? '' 
 it sounded so terrible . 
 hunting ... people . 
 `` you mean i will have to kill someone ? '' 
 it bothered me how nonchalantly he spoke of hunting , feeding , and blood . 
 i knew the answer to the question . 
 i would have to do this -- hunt -- at some point . 
 he glanced down at a watch around his left arm . 
 a frown turned the corners of his lips . 
 `` it looks like it 's too late for that tonight . 
 the sun will be up soon , and we will have to wait until nightfall for your first real meal . '' 
 the moment i had to do it ... could i ? 
 would i be able to kill someone and drink their blood ? 
 no ! 
 there had to be another way . 
 i 'd never intentionally hurt anyone or given a thought to killing . 
 what rational person does ? 
 i remembered the man 's arm that lysander had held up to my mouth . 
 did i kill that man ? 
 my stomach churned with sudden guilt ; a terrible , sickening pit of bile threatened to rise up my throat . 
 lysander must have sensed this . 
 he placed a hand on my knee , grabbing my attention . 
 i looked up , meeting his eyes . 
 a wave of calm rolled through me , dampening my nerves . 
 his face was peaceful , serene , and almost angelic . 
 his beautiful eyes beckoned me to remain locked in his hypnotizing gaze . 
 they were magnetic , drawing me in . 
 i could easily stare at those beautiful pools of gray forever . 
 guilt became a distant memory ; my only focus was lysander . 
 `` alyssa , '' he said in his soothing , velvety voice . 
 `` we hunt to survive . 
 remember this . '' 
 i nodded absently , lost in his eyes . 
 `` since it is too close to dawn , tonight , you may drink a little from me . '' 
 he looked down and unbuttoned the sleeve of his shirt . 
 i shook the fog out of my head , feeling a little drowsy . 
 relief washed though me , knowing i would n't have to hunt just yet . 
 lysander held out his arm in offering to me . 
 my eyes grew wide as i looked down at his pale skin . 
 a small , thin vein pulsed just below the surface . 
 i was n't quite sure what he expected me to do . 
 nervously , i reached to hold his hand . 
 `` you must break the skin with your teeth , '' lysander said . 
 a small smile perked up the corners of his mouth . 
 `` use your sharpest teeth to gently pierce the vein just below the skin . '' 
 i ran my tongue across my teeth , as i had done before , noting the sharper ones . 
 he nudged his arm closer to me . 
 `` go ahead , alyssa . 
 you will not hurt me . 
 drink . '' 
 i glanced back up at lysander 's face and smiled awkwardly . 
 i did n't want to drink blood , his or anyone 's . 
 the ache in my stomach still nagged at me like an unyielding beast , begging me for blood . 
 my mouth instinctively watered in anticipation seeing the pulsing vein , but i could n't move . 
 i was frozen with anxiety . 
 lysander raised his wrist to my mouth . 
 `` it 's okay , alyssa . 
 drink . '' 
 i could n't bite down . 
 i sat there paralyzed , mouth open , his wrist just barely touching the sharpest of my teeth . 
 i was afraid of becoming a blood-drinking monster . 
 i ca n't do this . 
 no . 
 there 's no way . 
 i must have sat there for too long . 
 lysander had to have sensed something was n't right . 
 i was faltering on what , to him , should have been a simple act . 
 he reached his other hand up and firmly held the back of my head . 
 before i knew what was happening , he shoved his wrist into my already-bared teeth . 
 i saw him wince as my teeth pierced his skin . 
 he leaned my head backward with his wrist pressed against my lips . 
 a gush of blood flooded my mouth . 
 thick and sweet , it poured down my throat . 
 this was n't the liquid fire i had experienced before . 
 this was like a drug . 
 it tingled as it filled my mouth . 
 i felt every refreshing drop as it ran down my throat . 
 pleasurable sensations , like the full-body rush of an orgasm , rewarded me with each swallow . 
 my head buzzed with energy . 
 my heart felt like a pounding drum , beating hard and fast against the wall of my chest . 
 the dry burning stopped . 
 my muscles no longer ached . 
 the nagging in my stomach halted . 
 i felt quenched , though some part of me still wanted more . 
 lysander released his grip on my head and pulled his wrist away . 
 i moaned in need as he stood up and walked away , out of my view . 
 `` you will have to learn how to do this yourself , alyssa . '' 
 his voice trailed behind him . 
 `` i will not force-feed you every night . '' 
 almost as soon as i felt the high , i returned to reality . 
 i looked down to see i had spilled blood everywhere . 
 my tank top , my jeans , and the couch were spotted with the drippings of his blood . 
 lysander returned with a small towel and wiped his arm . 
 i saw spots of blood in his shirt . 
 heat rose to my face , flushing my cheeks . 
 i sat up . 
 `` sorry . 
 i just -- '' what was i going to say ? 
 sorry , i just could n't bite you ? 
 that sounded too corny to say , even if it was the truth . 
 there was no way to explain to him how i was feeling at that moment . 
 as much as i was repulsed at the thought of drinking blood , i enjoyed the high it brought . 
 i was torn , terrified of becoming a horrible bloodthirsty monster . 
 already my body was begging for more of his blood . 
 the addiction had begun . 
 the euphoric state left me almost as soon as i had felt it , and i knew only blood would bring it back . 
 `` this is new for you . 
 i understand . '' 
 he sat down beside me on the couch and handed me the towel . 
 i gave him an awkward smile and glanced into his big blue-gray eyes . 
 i felt that strange warmth again , like a radiating wave coming from him . 
 i looked away , taking the towel , and tried to wipe some of the blood off my body . 
 `` it will be hard the first few times , i know . 
 we all go through this , and we all find our way to cope with it . 
 the blood is intoxicating , but the guilt can be crushing , if you let it . '' 
 his voice was softer now , almost caring . 
 `` the only way to survive this is to learn how to accept it . 
 i can help you get through this if you let me . '' 
 lysander brought his hand up , lifting my chin . 
 he forced our eyes to meet again . 
 `` you are an immortal now . '' 
 i nodded . 
 there was nothing i could say . 
 he was right . 
 but the question still remained ; could i kill someone ? 
 i noticed a faint ray of light coming from the edge of the curtain-covered window . 
 dawn was approaching , signifying the end of this crazy night . 
 i welcomed the thought of sleep and hoped that when i awoke , things would return to normal . 
 `` the sun is coming up . 
 we wo n't be able to leave the house until tonight . 
 let 's get some sleep , alyssa . '' 
 lysander stood and extended his hand to help me up . 
 i smiled and took it . 
 my muscles were still a bit weak . 
 i struggled to stand . 
 lysander gripped my hand and pulled me up , placing his other arm around my waist for support . 
 my stomach knotted against his touch . 
 butterflies buzzed around inside of me again . 
 i took a shaky step toward the hallway . 
 `` where am i sleeping ? '' 
 `` i 'm afraid there is only one bed in this house , '' lysander 's voice wavered . 
 he sounded almost embarrassed for a moment before his voice regained its normal smooth tone . 
 `` i do not entertain much . 
 for now , we are going to have to share . 
 i hope that is okay with you . 
 i will arrange for more furniture soon . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 i smiled awkwardly . 
 i did not know how to take this gesture . 
 it had been a long time since i shared a bed with a man . 
 we made our way into the spacious bedroom . 
 a king-size , iron-framed bed sat against the far wall , made up with black sheets and a few fluffy pillows . 
 lysander 's stark minimalist decorating theme carried to his bedroom as well . 
 there was n't much at all to this room . 
 a simple four-drawer dresser sat against the wall to my left . 
 next to it was a door , which i assumed was a closet , or maybe a bathroom . 
 other than the simple furnishings , there was nothing else . 
 this room , like the rest of lysander 's home , seemed to have only the bare necessities . 
 thick black drapes covered a large window and were pinned to the wall at the edges so that very little light seeped in . 
 lysander guided me to the bed and i sat down . 
 it was so soft . 
 giving into my muscle fatigue , i fell backwards and lay sprawled across the bed . 
 lysander chuckled at me . 
 i looked up , catching him as he readied himself for sleep . 
 he pulled off his shirt , revealing a beautifully sculpted chest . 
 i could n't help but notice the definition in the corded muscles of his arms and the perfect six-pack abs . 
 i bit my lip , accidentally drawing blood , as he slid down his pants . 
 he stood before me in only in a pair of maroon-and-tan striped boxers . 
 heat rushed to my face . 
 wow , what a body . 
 he threw a mischievous look my way as he finished changing . 
 i again had a brief suspicion he knew what i was thinking . 
 i turned away from him , crawling to the top of the bed and burying my head on one of the soft pillows . 
 lysander climbed into bed . 
 we lay there , backs to one another , as the sun rose . 
 lysander 's curtains worked as intended , and only small rays of light came through at the edges . 
 `` i 'm sorry about tonight , '' he whispered . 
 `` it will get better . '' 
 i did n't reply . 
 i had no words . 
 chapter 6 * * * * * the comfortable state of sleep ended much sooner than i had hoped . 
 i knew that waking up meant i would have to feed , and this time , i doubted lysander would be accommodating . 
 i 'd have to hunt and most likely kill for my dinner . 
 it was the thirst that woke me , but in personal protest i refused to get out of bed . 
 i tried to fill my mind with anything to prevent me from thinking of blood . 
 staring at the popcorn ceiling above , i focused on the sounds of the house . 
 lysander had already gotten up and left the room . 
 i heard him moving around the house . 
 at one point the shower turned on , and then after a short while , stopped . 
 i heard a tv playing in what i assumed was the living room . 
 sounds of laughter and applause suggested to me he had some kind of a game show on . 
 the ringing of a telephone caught my attention , but i could n't make out what was being said when lysander answered it . 
 refusing to give in to the mounting need , i remained in bed . 
 dehydration crept across my skin , making it dry and itchy as it had been the night before . 
 my stomach ached with emptiness , and my mind started playing tricks on me -- reminding me of the pleasure i had experienced , the quenching feeling as the blood pooled in my stomach and diffused through my body . 
 i wanted to ignore it . 
 i knew what was needed to make it stop . 
 could i convince lysander to let me drink from him once more ? 
 maybe if i pleaded my case , i could go one more night without having to choose between my life or that of another . 
 it seemed like hours had gone by . 
 time always moves slowly when you anticipate something . 
 the aching beast that was my hunger was as relentless as it had been the previous night . 
 dehydrated and thirsty , i knew it would only be a matter of time before i had to do something . 
 just as i was ready to give in and get out of bed , i heard a door close with a slam . 
 a car engine roared to life outside , and then the sound trailed away . 
 did he just leave me here , all alone ? 
 i listened quietly . 
 the only sound in the house came from the television . 
 curiosity got the better of me . 
 i needed to see if lysander really had left . 
 i got up and walked out to the living room to confirm my suspicions . 
 i was right ; lysander was gone . 
 why did he leave ? 
 i wandered through the empty , cavernous living room . 
 no sign or note was left out to tell me where he had gone . 
 only the ominous shadows created by the tv 's light stirred in the loneliness . 
 thirst nagged at me . 
 again , a sickeningly sweet taste clung to the back of my throat . 
 a wave of dizziness rolled through me , weakening my knees . 
 i braced myself against the wall for support until the disorientation left me . 
 i needed to do something about this unrelenting need . 
 i went into the kitchen , praying i might find something my body would accept as food . 
 as with the rest of the house , the kitchen was bare , lacking any sign of human use . 
 no appliances , no gadgets , no utensils of any kind ; just empty , wide open counter space in a bland , white and stainless steel kitchen . 
 i held out a small hope that there might be something to eat in the fridge , but to my great disappointment , it was empty . 
 not even a cold breeze escaped from it when i opened it . 
 i doubted it had ever been plugged in . 
 `` this is ridiculous . 
 c’mon , i just want something to eat , '' i whined aloud . 
 i was glad lysander was n't around to see my frustration . 
 i remembered him telling me that it was only blood that keeps a vampire going . 
 vampires had no need for food . 
 i doubted he would have given me much sympathy after last night 's feeding . 
 he had seemed aggravated that i could n't even drink from him without assistance . 
 i clutched my aching stomach . 
 i need blood . 
 i need lysander to come back . 
 he ca n't be gone long . 
 he would n't leave me like this . 
 walking out of the kitchen , i headed to the bathroom , deciding a shower might help snap me out of this feeling , or at least distract me for a little while . 
 i hoped by the time i was done , lysander would be back , and maybe willing to help me stop this painful ache . 
 the warm water of the shower had a soothing effect on my body , temporarily relieving my dehydration . 
 i sat under the spout , soaking up all of the water until the warmth ran out . 
 it was n't until i finished showering and dried off that i realized i did n't have any clean clothes . 
 the only items of clothing i had were the blood-spotted ones i 'd been wearing since the night before . 
 `` i 'm not wearing these dirty things for the rest of eternity , '' i grumbled to the empty room . 
 so far , immortality was n't all it was cracked up to be . 
 the house was still quiet . 
 lysander had n't returned , and i was beginning to feel desperate . 
 the water 's hydrating effect had vanished as soon as i stepped out of the shower and the parched and itchy feeling returned with a vengeance . 
 my throat dried out ; each breath i took burned as if a blow dryer were aimed directly into my mouth . 
 i needed something to quench the fire . 
 i turned on the faucet , plunged my hands into the cold water and gorged myself on it as it pooled into my cupped hands . 
 the flavorless liquid cooled the burning . 
 but that victory was short-lived . 
 within a few seconds of savoring my relief , i was hunched over the toilet , throwing it all back up . 
 my body wanted nothing to do with this liquid . 
 like a horrible punishment , the nagging ache of thirst returned worse than before . 
 lysander 's words were true ; only blood would stop this pain . 
 the ache filled every part of me . 
 defeated , i gave in to the thought i 'd been trying to avoid . 
 i need blood . 
 lysander still had not returned . 
 past desperation -- unable to sit around waiting any longer -- i willed myself to get up off the bathroom floor , and put my blood-spotted clothes back on . 
 i walked outside , determined to find something to end my suffering . 
 the night air smelled fresh , clean , and welcoming . 
 it had an energizing effect on me . 
 looking up , i spotted the full moon . 
 there was n't a cloud in sight to hide any of its light . 
 it shone clear and bright in the darkened sky . 
 sucking in a deep breath , i noted a variety of scents . 
 never before had i been able to discern so many different smells at once : pine trees , fresh cut grass , roses in a nearby garden , and the oily , tar smell of the asphalt in the street . 
 each one was distinctive and enhanced by my new sense of smell . 
 there was something else too , an enchanting , musky perfume wafted through the air . 
 mmm , what is that ? 
 looking around , i spotted the owner of the scent ; a stray dog , wandering down the street . 
 i sniffed the air again noting how the smell faded as the dog walked further away . 
 instinct told me to follow the scent . 
 no way . 
 i 'm not doing that . 
 ewww . 
 i shook my head . 
 i am not chasing down a stray dog . 
 i do n't care how good it smells . 
 i breathed through my mouth , attempting to avoid smelling that wonderful , tempting aroma again . 
 walking down the street , i looked for signs , hoping to get my bearings and recognize something . 
 maybe i can get to my apartment , and pick up some clean clothes and money . 
 maybe even find something my stomach will accept as food . 
 i did n't want to think of blood and killing , but the nagging thirst would n't stop . 
 maybe i 'm going about this all wrong . 
 if i 'm stuck with drinking blood , maybe there 's a way to do it without killing . 
 spotting a street sign ahead of me and quickened my pace toward it . 
 what if i could get blood from a butcher ? 
 the animals it came from would already be dead . 
 i smiled , feeling very smart for coming up with this new idea . 
 now , i just need to figure out where i am . 
 lysander 's neighborhood was quiet , and i did n't recognize any of the street signs . 
 i was used to my inner-city apartment enclave just outside of the college . 
 this was nothing like that . 
 this was a nice , middle class neighborhood filled with one and two-story homes . 
 as was typical of suburban homes , they all looked alike . 
 this neighborhood was no exception ; it was filled with pink , spanish tile roofs and white-and-cream stucco walls . 
 the only thing distinguishing one house from the next was the choice in landscaping and even then there was not much variety . 
 the streets were long , and none of the names were familiar . 
 i came across vera cruz and noticed it seemed to open out onto a larger street . 
 another sign at the edge of the neighborhood had a symbol i recognized -- the henderson city seal -- in the bottom corner , next to the name `` pecos . '' 
 why would a vampire make his home in a quiet suburb like henderson ? 
 why not right in the heart of the city ? 
 las vegas is sin city , and the variety of tourists would provide a veritable smorgasbord ... . 
 i stopped and shook my head . 
 what was wrong with me ? 
 here i was , absolutely horrified at the thought of killing , and in the same instant questioning why a vampire -- like myself -- was n't living somewhere near the buffet line that would be the las vegas strip . 
 i knew thirst had taken over my judgment . 
 i did n't know where i was or which way to go . 
 the nagging craving made me wonder how i was going to make it all the way back to my apartment before i ended up doing something i would regret . 
 i turned to walk down the street , not knowing if i was heading in the right direction or not . 
 all i knew was that i needed to keep moving . 
 my skin itched . 
 the dry parched feeling worsened as i walked . 
 i scratched my legs through my jeans , fighting against thoughts of blood . 
 cars sped by , and their bright headlights stung my eyes , making me squint . 
 two men on bicycles rode past me and i was stunned by their scent . 
 they stopped at the stoplight a few hundred feet ahead . 
 `` oh , my , '' i sighed , taking in a long whiff of their wonderful aroma . 
 theirs was so much more potent than that of the dog i had passed earlier . 
 it was a cologne of intoxicating pheromones , drawing me toward them . 
 they stopped at the curb , waiting for the light to turn green , signaling it was safe to cross the street . 
 my mouth instinctively watered as i allowed my eyes to roam over their thin , business casual-attired bodies . 
 i quickened my pace to meet them at the stoplight , hoping it would remain red so i could have a chance to be near them and enjoy more of their perfume . 
 my legs carried me faster than they had when i was a mortal . 
 in the space of a few seconds , i caught up to the two cyclists . 
 `` why do they smell so good ? '' 
 i mused . 
 `` so sugary-sweet and warm . '' 
 i closed my eyes inhaling slowly , savoring the aroma . 
 the beast inside of me begged for blood . 
 i must have looked crazy , standing there with hungry eyes , smelling them , my mouth watering . 
 i absently licked at my fangs , not bothering to hide them , as i took another step closer to them . 
 eyes wide with fear , they inched away , almost falling off of the curb into oncoming traffic as i got within arm 's reach of them . 
 i could n't hold back the thoughts in my mind . 
 attack them ! 
 drink them in ! 
 they will make you feel better . 
 it was like a monster was speaking to me from within my own head . 
 do it now ! 
 bite them ! 
 drink in their ecstasy . 
 before i made another move , the sound of screeching tires drew my attention . 
 a large , black jeep suv pulled a u-turn from the opposite side of the street . 
 it hopped the median and headed straight towards me . 
 the two cyclists threw themselves to the pavement . 
 i did n't move . 
 i was like a deer caught in headlights watching as it screeched to a halt at the curb . 
 the windows were too dark to see through , but a strange feeling , that odd warm sensation , hit me . 
 intuition told me it was lysander . 
 the passenger door flew open , confirming my intuition , revealing lysander 's angry , scowling face . 
 he barked at me to get in . 
 fear momentarily replaced my hunger . 
 i stood frozen in place under lysander 's angry glare . 
 he looked like a predator , ready to rip me apart . 
 flames danced within his twilight eyes . 
 `` what do you think you are doing ? '' 
 he growled . 
 `` i want to go home , '' i snapped at him . 
 lysander sighed , appearing to try and calm himself before speaking . 
 a menacing tone still laced his voice . 
 `` get in this vehicle ... now ! '' 
 `` why , so you can trap me back in that house , all alone ? '' 
 the two cyclists were on their feet , running away alongside their bikes as we argued . 
 a twinge of disappointment had me sighing as their scent faded . 
 `` you have no clue what you 're doing , or what risk you put us in by wandering the streets alone like this . '' 
 a low , rumbling growl still accompanied his words . 
 `` i will not tell you again . 
 get in . '' 
 grudgingly , i got into the car . 
 i had no other choice . 
 i did n't know where i was . 
 lysander was right , though i did n't want to admit it . 
 the urge i felt , to attack those men on their bikes , could have put me in a bad position . 
 lysander spoke slowly , giving each word emphasis . 
 `` you will not leave the house again without my permission . 
 do you understand this ? '' 
 `` do n't leave me alone like that . 
 what did you expect me to do ? '' 
 i snapped back coldly . 
 `` do you think i 'm going to just sit around waiting ? '' 
 `` silence ! '' 
 his voice was louder and more frightening than any scolding i 'd ever been given . 
 i shuddered . 
 `` you 're too young and inexperienced to know how to take care of yourself . 
 you will die unless you heed my words and quit acting like a spoiled child . 
 you will not go anywhere without my permission . 
 is that clear ? '' 
 i remained silent for a few moments . 
 i knew i could n't argue with him , but i did n't want to give him the satisfaction of an immediate answer . 
 i did n't know what i was doing . 
 i was an infant vampire with no sense of how to take care of myself . 
 whether i liked it or not , i needed lysander , and he knew it , too . 
 `` fine , '' i mumbled , and turned to look out the window . 
 we remained silent during the short drive back to lysander 's home . 
 i clutched my aching stomach , trying to focus on something other than anger or thirst . 
 when we got back , he opened up the trunk of his suv . 
 inside was a suitcase i recognized as mine . 
 `` you can never go back there , '' he snarled `` you 're dead to that world now . '' 
 i grabbed my suitcase , feeling weak as i pulled it from the back of the jeep . 
 an overwhelming rush of dizziness struck me as i rolled the suitcase up to the house . 
 my head filled with a gray , hazy fog . 
 i shook my head and tried to take a step forward . 
 my muscles protested the movement . 
 darkness crept in all around me . 
 i felt weightless , like a floating feather , as my vision went black . 
 *** a familiar tingling sensation ran down the back of my throat , rousing me back to consciousness . 
 i opened my eyes slowly , focusing though a hazy blur . 
 my head swam with ecstasy as i swallowed the thick , sweet liquid filling my mouth . 
 i realized i had collapsed . 
 i was lying in the doorway of lysander 's home and he was holding me up while i fed from him . 
 i could have drunk him in for eternity , but just as i was awake enough to truly enjoy the euphoric feeling , lysander pulled his wrist away and told me to get up . 
 `` you are starting to become more of a problem than you 're worth , '' he said under his breath as he clutched his wounded arm and stood up . 
 still a little dizzy and feeling a bit ashamed , i got up and pulled my suitcase into the house . 
 i set it next to the couch and opened it to find a clean change of clothes . 
 `` sorry , '' i said as i rummaged through the bag . 
 `` how did you get my stuff ? '' 
 lysander reached into his pocket and tossed a black leather wallet at me . 
 it flew toward my face , falling just short of hitting me . 
 he must have gotten it off the guy who had attacked me the night before . 
 my i.d. fell out as it hit the floor . 
 i picked it up and stared at my old picture . 
 like all dmv photos , it was n't very good , but it was me ... or at least , it was the old me . 
 my lost green eyes stared back from the photo . 
 i tried to blink back the tears but it was no use . 
 one streamed down my cheek , falling into my opened suitcase . 
 i was no longer that alyssa who lived on cambridge street , as the small plastic card stated . 
 i was a monster now . 
 afraid i would burst into a fit of tears , i quickly grabbed some clothes and rushed into the bathroom . 
 lysander , probably still angry , said nothing to me , and i was glad for that . 
 i took my time in the bathroom . 
 i did n't want to talk to lysander any more or see the annoyed look on his face . 
 i never asked to be turned into this thing . 
 i never knew vampires existed . 
 i thought they were just fiction stories or characters in horror movies . 
 now i was one . 
 i mumbled to myself as i stared into the mirror . 
 blood-red traces of tears lined my pale face . 
 why could n't he have killed those men before i showed up ? 
 why did he have to wait until they had already attacked me ? 
 lysander 's words echoed in my mind . 
 you 're dead to that world now . 
 i wondered how long it would take before my friends realized i was gone . 
 if the manager at the coffee shop would think it odd that i was no longer coming in for my regular , café mocha . 
 the little everyday things i was used to were all gone now , replaced by this frightening new life . 
 i wanted to blame lysander for what happened , but deep down i knew it was my own fault . 
 i had played russian roulette walking home alone and i was lucky to even be alive , or undead , or whatever the hell this was . 
 my reflection stared back at me with empty , cold , blue-gray eyes . 
 but i do n't want to be this thing , this monster ! 
 `` you still alive in there ? '' 
 lysander called out . 
 washing the tears from my face , i called back , `` yeah , i 'm fine . '' 
 i hurried to change into some clean clothes . 
 enough time had been wasted sulking in the bathroom . 
 i opened the door and walked back out to the living room . 
 lysander was waiting for me . 
 `` are you feeling better ? '' 
 he spoke more calmly now . 
 gone was the growl in his voice and the fire in his eyes . 
 `` yes , i 'm fine , sorry about that ... . '' 
 he put his hand to my lips , silencing me ; his eyes met mine and again i felt that strange warmth . 
 `` please , forgive me . 
 i feel we are getting off on the wrong foot . 
 perhaps i should have told you i was heading out to get your things . 
 i did not realize that you might have woken up so hungry and confused . 
 i 'm not use to having ... guests . '' 
 this sudden change of attitude came as a complete shock . 
 he sounded sincere and kind . 
 i sensed something strange coming from him . 
 i felt genuine sorrow for how he snapped at me . 
 the feeling radiated in small pulses , like tiny waves , from lysander . 
 i 'd never experienced anything like this before . 
 i felt his sorrow as if it were my own . 
 it was as if our emotions were joined . 
 `` thank you , lysander . 
 i 'm sorry too . 
 i 'm making a mess of things , and i know you 're trying to help . 
 i 'll do better , i promise . '' 
 we stared awkwardly at each other for a few quiet moments before lysander took hold of my hand . 
 `` now that you have a little strength , you will need to hunt . 
 let 's go . '' 
 chapter 7 * * * * * my stomach sank . 
 his words hit me like a crushing blow . 
 i had hoped somehow to avoid this , but it was inevitable . 
 i was going to have to hunt . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 i asked as i climbed into the passenger seat of the large suv . 
 lysander twisted the keys in the ignition and the engine roared to life . 
 `` we 'll start somewhere easy . 
 do you know the art district ? '' 
 i nodded and shut the door . 
 the art district was a rather seedy part of downtown . 
 it was n't the downtown most people are familiar with , but the area in between the old strip or fremont street and the newer las vegas boulevard . 
 it was an old area , filled with many small buildings : art studios , nightclubs , and a grid of darkened side streets . 
 it had recently undergone the start of a renaissance . 
 attention had been drawn to the area in the hope of revamping it and making it a more attractive place to go . 
 `` yeah , i 've been there a few times for the first friday art festival , '' i said confidently . 
 `` alone ? '' 
 lysander asked . 
 `` no , that 's a place even i do n't wander by myself . '' 
 `` that 's very smart of you . 
 even with its popularity , that is not a place one should be walking alone . 
 be warned , we wo n't be the only ones hunting in this area . 
 plenty of immortals are attracted to populated spots like this . '' 
 `` other immortals ? '' 
 i had n't given thought to more vampires out there . 
 certainly if there was one , there would have to be more . 
 `` how many vampires are out there ? '' 
 `` more than i care to count , alyssa , '' he sighed . 
 `` the immortal world is as varied as the human world . 
 there are many different covens and families ; each group has its own form of government or rules to live by . 
 most of the time , rule number one is keep a low profile . 
 that will be the rule here with me as well . 
 we do n't need anyone knowing who and what we are . '' 
 `` oh , '' i said , feeling a little disappointed . 
 `` so , i guess we 're loners , then ? '' 
 i was n't ready to meet another immortal yet ; but i was n't happy with the idea of being a hermit , either . 
 `` on occasion , you might befriend someone new , but do n't make that an expectation . 
 for now , just stick to who you already know and do n't try attracting extra attention . '' 
 `` i see . '' 
 i sighed and stared out the window . 
 streetlights flew past in blurry streaks as we drove on . 
 i prayed for a red light to pause us on our trip , but it seemed the traffic lights were against me . 
 they all remained green . 
 we would soon be at our hunting ground . 
 the tall , white stratosphere tower came into view . 
 it was an unmistakable -- and phallic -- landmark , long and slender with a huge glass observation deck that was accented with red neon lighting at the top . 
 it dwarfed all of the other bulky , wide hotel casinos of downtown and looked as if it might topple over in a strong gust of wind . 
 my heart thumped erratically as we approached . 
 hunting was inevitable now . 
 how am i going to do this ? 
 does lysander ever struggle with this ? 
 i looked over at lysander . 
 his face remained calm , an implacable mask , giving no clue in his expression to tell me what he could be thinking . 
 i thought about others , vampires , being out there in the world and what it might be like to meet them . 
 `` tell me about covens , '' i said , breaking the silence in the car . 
 lysander spoke without taking his eyes off the road . 
 `` covens are like large families : vampires living together , ruled by some form of leader . 
 i would n't get any ideas on joining them . 
 they tend to be very fanatical and look down on those who are not born into their house , so to speak . 
 for now , if you wish , you can consider me your family . '' 
 he turned to look at me . 
 a sincere smile crossed his face . 
 his voice softened . 
 `` of course , once you 're comfortable with yourself and ready to face the world alone , the choice will be yours . 
 you will be welcome in my house or free to go your own way . '' 
 i turned away , and stared out the window , thinking about what a large family of vampires would be like . 
 would it be nice to have lots of people like me to interact with , or would i rather be stuck as a loner with only lysander as a companion ? 
 `` back to hunting , '' lysander said , sounding a bit more serious . 
 `` we 're almost there , so listen closely . 
 we wo n't be the only ones hunting . 
 you will need to watch out for others of our kind . 
 pay attention to those around you . 
 if you think a person is marked , do not try to go after him or her . 
 we may not know one another , but as a rule , we leave one another 's marks alone . '' 
 `` how will i know who is marked ? '' 
 did we physically mark our victims ? 
 `` keep an eye out for people being followed or a vampire showing interest in one particular person . 
 pay attention to your intuition . 
 you should be able to sense when one of our kind is around . 
 if you see or sense one of us close by , go hunt somewhere else . '' 
 sense ? 
 i was n't exactly sure what he meant by that , but i nodded anyway , pretending i understood . 
 i was more worried about the act of hunting than the consequences of another vampire being around -- though both seemed pretty scary . 
 lysander pulled into the parking garage of the stratosphere tower and drove up to the top floor . 
 he found an open parking space near the elevators , along the wall , giving us an unobstructed view of the bustling street below . 
 anxiety set my nerves on high alert . 
 i knew there was no way out of this . 
 i was going to have to hunt . 
 a knot formed in my throat . 
 i tried to gulp it down and put on a brave face . 
 `` alyssa , i know this is hard for you , but you can and you must do this tonight . '' 
 i sucked in a deep breath , trying to calm my nerves . 
 i 'm not ready for this . 
 lysander must have sensed my anxiety . 
 he patted my leg in a comforting gesture , and softened the commanding tone in his voice . 
 `` i want to make this as easy as possible for you . 
 just listen and do what i tell you . '' 
 i ca n't do this , i ca n't do this . 
 i nodded . 
 `` there are a few points you can easily drink from . 
 the best places are where the blood flows freely . 
 the faster you drink , the easier it will be on you and your victim . '' 
 i do n't want to do this . 
 i ca n't drink blood . 
 i ca n't kill . 
 i tried to gulp down my anxiety . 
 he leaned his head to one side , showing me his bare neck , and pointed out a thin blue line under his pale skin . 
 `` you see the vein here ? 
 the neck is one of the easiest points to drink from . '' 
 i nodded again , not wanting to speak . 
 he held his wrist out to me . 
 i saw similar blue lines , boldly running down his pale arm . 
 `` the wrist is also an easy target . 
 choose one of these to feed from . '' 
 `` o-okay . '' 
 how can he expect me to do this ? 
 i silently prayed . 
 i desperately wanted to avoid this . 
 i do n't want to kill . 
 `` we each have to find our way to cope with how we obtain our food , '' lysander said . 
 `` uh-huh . '' 
 i tried again to gulp back my anxiety . 
 easy for you to say . 
 `` do you remember how you felt when those men attacked you ? '' 
 the mention of the men who attacked me sent my blood boiling . 
 it was because of them that i was this thing . 
 if they had never attacked me , i would n't have to do this -- hunt a human for their blood . 
 the attack was still fresh in my mind . 
 anger flared inside of me , as images of being kicked in the stomach and whipped with a belt flashed before my eyes . 
 `` yes , '' i growled . 
 `` i remember . '' 
 `` good . 
 you 're angry . 
 i can see it . 
 use that feeling , alyssa . 
 use your anger . 
 do you want others to suffer the same injustice as you were subjected to ? 
 do you want another person to have the same fate as you ? '' 
 `` no . 
 no one should have to go through that , '' i said coldly . 
 my mind was torn now between anxiety and anger . 
 `` good . 
 then use that to justify your hunting . 
 i want you to seek out those that would do harm to others . 
 use yourself as bait . 
 attract them to you so they can not hurt anyone else . 
 use your immortality to bring them to justice . '' 
 images of my attackers , those two horrible men , flashed before me again , and the anger inside of me cried out for vengeance . 
 the monstrous voice in my head begged for blood . 
 lysander smiled at me , as if he understood the battle going on inside my head : the anger and rage , mixed with fear . 
 `` it is time , '' he whispered , leaning in close so our eyes met . 
 `` you can do this . '' 
 he had such strength in his eyes ; i felt i could do anything he asked , as long as i was looking into them . 
 lysander exited the car . 
 i did the same . 
 the warm night air greeted me as i opened the door . 
 i followed behind him , heading for the elevators . 
 my stomach knotted with anxiety and anger . 
 i was soon going to find out what i was really capable of . 
 we remained quiet in the elevator down to the casino floor . 
 when the doors parted , sounds of slot machines , coins dropping , mindless chatter , and an endless sea of people overwhelmed me ; but it was the intoxicating aroma that stopped me dead in my tracks . 
 i was knocked back against the wall by the perfumes of hundreds of people . 
 the mix of smells was almost too much to handle . 
 each scent was a little different . 
 some were sweet , some spicy , some pungent , all working together to create an enchanting and enticing aroma that threatened to unleash the monster inside of me . 
 lysander must have recognized the sensory overload . 
 he put an arm around me and held me tight against his body as he guided me towards the front doors of the casino . 
 i absently licked at my fangs . 
 my mouth watered . 
 instinct urged me to reach out and grab one of these sweet-smelling people . 
 this newfound anger and bloodlust had a strange control over my mind . 
 gone were thoughts of if or how i could do it . 
 the monster crying for blood had entrapped my consciousness . 
 my thoughts jumped from person to person , trying to pinpoint the one who would satisfy me best . 
 the packed casino , swarming with hundreds of people , had become the buffet line i 'd suggested it was earlier . 
 lysander urged me forward , towards the doors . 
 `` breathe through your mouth , young one , it will make this easier . 
 and stop licking your fangs . 
 you need to learn to control those instincts . '' 
 i 'm sure if i had n't been in the throes of bloodlust , i would have been embarrassed by lysander 's comment . 
 instead , i was thankful for the advice . 
 i needed to get my head straight and gain some control . 
 i took a deep breath through my mouth , as instructed . 
 it weakened the scent , though i still tasted small hints of it . 
 we passed an elderly man in a wheelchair playing at one of the nickel slot machines . 
 his wrinkled skin sagged against his cheekbones . 
 he wheezed as he put a cigarette to his lips . 
 i noticed a particularly pungent odor from him , drastically different than the wonderful perfumes surrounding me . 
 it momentarily broke me from my craving . 
 `` what is that smell ? '' 
 i commented , reaching to cover my nose . 
 `` disease , '' lysander said matter-of-factly . 
 `` that man is probably dying of emphysema . '' 
 we exited the casino . 
 relief washed through me as the fresh breeze blew though my hair . 
 the sweet fragrances still hung all around , tempting me , but they seemed to be dampened by the lack of recirculated air . 
 it was easier now to discern the directions to which each scent belonged . 
 the monster inside of me still begged for blood , but out here , in the fresh air , i managed to regain a little mental control . 
 we walked a block away from the stratosphere . 
 lysander 's arm was still draped around me , keeping me restrained as he escorted me down the street , while preventing me from acting out of thirst in the crowds that passed us . 
 awkward as it was , i was thankful to have him there , with me . 
 he led me to an empty side street . 
 `` this is where we go our separate ways , for now , '' he said . 
 `` what ! 
 wait . 
 how am i supposed to ... '' i panicked . 
 i needed him . 
 i needed the confidence he gave me . 
 i needed him to stop me from doing something stupid . 
 `` do n't worry , '' lysander said with a hint of amusement . 
 `` i will not be too far . 
 but i ca n't be seen walking with you if you 're to attract your prey . '' 
 he gave me a wicked smile . 
 his eyes seemed to roam across my body as if sizing me up . 
 apparently i passed whatever inspection he was giving . 
 he gave a small nod and continued . 
 `` just walk around and take a few back alleyways , and i am sure you will catch something . 
 hold back your urges until you are out of sight . 
 remember to be discreet and to breathe through your mouth . 
 do n't sniff at the air unless you are sure you 're ready . '' 
 i needed that reminder . 
 breathing through my nose threatened to drive me insane . 
 the sweet honeyed smell of blood was too enticing . 
 just the thought of it had me flicking my tongue against my teeth in anticipation . 
 `` quit licking your fangs , '' lysander said sternly . 
 `` people will notice that . '' 
 he reached out , brushing the side of my face with his hand . 
 `` you can do this . 
 i will be close by , in case you need help . '' 
 before i could say anything , he turned and walked away . 
 in a superhuman blur of motion , he vanished , disappearing into a crowd of pedestrians on the main street . 
 i stood there for a moment , scared and anxious , feeling alone and vulnerable to my new beastly instincts . 
 i knew i was being tested now and i needed to do this , but i still did n't want to . 
 lysander had showed me as much patience as i thought he was capable of , and if i failed this time , there was no telling what would happen . 
 people wandered by me . 
 i caught wind of their scents and breathed in their sweet perfume . 
 i became very aware of my teeth and had to stop myself from licking my tongue across them over and over . 
 somewhere , in the back of my mind , i wondered if lysander was watching . 
 i imagined for a moment , hearing his voice chiding me for being so obvious about my new fangs . 
 i could n't help myself . 
 instinct urged me to attack , to bite down on something . 
 i hoped it would n't always be this way . 
 i did n't want to walk around like a crazed , bloodthirsty monster forever . 
 there . 
 that blonde woman , alone on the corner . 
 no one would miss her . 
 oh , my god , no ! 
 what am i thinking ? 
 i mashed the palm of my hand into my forehead , as if i could push the horrid thought out . 
 oooh , there 's a handsome man crossing the street . 
 just take a little taste . 
 the monster inside of me would not quiet its desperate pleading . 
 blood was at the forefront of all of my thoughts . 
 lysander was right . 
 i need to breathe through my mouth . 
 i ca n't concentrate with all these smells around me . 
 if i ca n't smell them , i might be able to hold back from attacking them . 
 my throat dried as i took a deep breath . 
 my mind still begged for blood to quench the thirst , but the muted scent made it more bearable . 
 i walked further away from the stratosphere , hoping to keep the desperate craving at bay until absolutely necessary . 
 passing a few cute little wedding chapels , i chuckled at the drunken brides falling over in their pretty white dresses . 
 i turned left , heading down toward charleston and main street . 
 thankfully , the crowds were thinner the further i got away from las vegas boulevard . 
 each time i passed a group of people , the beast in my mind screamed at me to attack . 
 i did n't know how long i could hold off the urges , or how i would do it discreetly , as lysander had instructed . 
 i imagined the horror of letting the beast take over and the massacre that could happen . 
 i wonder if lysander is still following me . 
 instantly a new , frightening thought crossed my mind . 
 what would happen if i ran into another vampire ? 
 what would they do ? 
 would they just shoo me away , or try to defend their territory ? 
 lysander had n't said much about others like us . 
 he 'd admitted to being a loner , but said each group had its own rules and laws . 
 what if another vampire recognized me as an infant , a fledgling vampire only a day old , and decided to destroy me ? 
 fear washed through me . 
 the hairs prickled on the back of my neck . 
 i wanted this all to be over . 
 i 'd been happy thinking vampires were just fairytales and living my boring , normal life . 
 the reality of my new life was nothing like the fantasy . 
 i did n't want to have to feed on others or watch out for stronger vampires . 
 i turned down main street , heading back towards the stratosphere , which was all but deserted . 
 i figured if i was going to run into any questionable types , this was the place to do it . 
 it was late , and the streets all seemed empty of tourists . 
 all of the small art studios had already closed for the night , leaving only a few late-night businesses open . 
 i passed a studio showcasing an odd exhibit in its window , a wall of trash with a figure buried inside of it . 
 i stopped , noticing the plastic eyes of a mannequin watching me . 
 they reminded me of my own dead eyes , staring back from my reflection . 
 suddenly , i caught the scent of something ; a deep , musky , thick aroma with hints of warm beer and grease . 
 i guessed it was human , but it was n't very appealing . 
 not like the succulent bouquet i 'd enjoyed in the casino . 
 i sniffed the air , trying to discern where the scent was coming from . 
 i remembered lysander 's warning that i would not be the only one hunting this area . 
 but he had said i would sense another vampire . 
 not really sure what that meant , i worried . 
 being so young , what if i did n't know what the sensation was supposed to feel like ? 
 half scared of other vampires and half anxious about having to make my first kill , i shot nervous glances all around , checking to see if there were any other people in the area . 
 a group of men were standing in the alley between a tattoo shop and the small art studio . 
 the scent seemed to be coming from their direction , but i was n't interested in attempting to attack their group . 
 i shoved my hands in my pockets and looked down at the pavement , walking past them casually , hoping that they would n't notice me . 
 a one-on-one confrontation was something i still had n't drummed up the courage for . 
 and i was certainly not ready for four-on-one . 
 `` hey , mija , '' one of the men shouted `` hey , pretty girl , come here . '' 
 damn , they spotted me . 
 i had really hoped to avoid them . 
 a lump formed in my throat . 
 my heart sped , beating hard against the wall of my chest . 
 i took a deep breath , through my mouth and tasted their musky scent . 
 it was n't all that appealing , but my mouth watered anyway . 
 `` what 's a pretty thing like you doing out here all by yourself ? '' 
 one of the men called out to me . 
 i tried to ignore the man and turned down another side street . 
 the beast in my mind begged me to turn around , but i was n't ready for this . 
 `` mija , i 'm talking to you , come back here . '' 
 footsteps echoed on the empty street . 
 first , only one pair ; and then i heard the others . 
 i guessed the man and his three friends were going to make this a group effort . 
 i groaned in frustration . 
 lysander 's plan was working a little too perfectly . 
 as a human , i knew better than to walk this area alone . 
 i would only come here during the first friday art festival with a group and never stray from the main streets . 
 strength in numbers usually kept people from doing bad things to you , but walking out here all alone was just asking for problems . 
 this was exactly what lysander wanted . 
 he knew that by using myself as bait , i would easily nab an attacker : a criminal , someone deserving of death . 
 images of my previous attackers flashed through my mind again . 
 anger flared inside of me . 
 these men following me were no better than those men the night before . 
 the beast in my head roared to life , egging me on . 
 it whispered to me about my new strength and abilities . 
 i should be able to take them on . 
 i could take them on . 
 it would be so easy . 
 i shook my head , trying to get rid of the taunting thoughts . 
 lysander 's plan was perfect . 
 of course , i doubt he expected me to attract four victims at once . 
 i stopped in my tracks , looking for a way back to las vegas boulevard . 
 the beast might be ready , but a tiny voice , my subconscious , reminded me that i had never been in a fight before . 
 i 'd never hurt anyone intentionally . 
 i was n't ready for this . 
 i needed to find lysander . 
 the footsteps sounded too close now , accompanied by drunken laughter . 
 running away was n't going to be an option . 
 like it or not , i was going to have to face them . 
 my stomach knotted as i turned around . 
 they stood fanned out around me , barely an arm 's reach away . 
 stained , yellow teeth greeted me from behind the first man 's mustachioed mouth . 
 his beer-soaked aroma wafted to my nose . 
 he stumbled , taking a step closer to me . 
 i jumped back in response . 
 `` listen , man , just leave me alone . 
 i do n't want any trouble , '' i said in a clear commanding voice . 
 it was more of a warning to my attacker than a plea for his retreat . 
 i did n't know how i was going to do it , but i knew if this man kept bothering me , i was going to do something i might regret . 
 `` oh , no , mija . 
 no trouble , '' he slurred his words . 
 `` pretty girl like you should n't walk around all alone . 
 it 's not safe here . 
 lots of bad men around . '' 
 the group of friends laughed , exchanged high fives and bumped fists . 
 `` thanks , but i 'm not alone . 
 i 'm meeting my ... uh ... boyfriend . '' 
 lysander , where are you ? 
 help me ! 
 the hairs on the back of my neck stood on end . 
 i had the sudden sensation of unseen eyes watching me accompanied by a strange warmth . 
 it enveloped me in a comforting sort of way . 
 you can do this . 
 you are strong . 
 i heard lysander 's voice like a gentle whisper in my head . 
 somehow , hearing his voice gave me strength . 
 i looked into the drunken man 's eyes and tried to discern if he was really going to be trouble or if i could manage to get away without a fight . 
 i sensed nothing , other than the fact he was drunk . 
 `` i could be your boyfriend , '' he slurred . 
 his friends continued their annoying laughter . 
 `` yeah , we could be your boyfriends , '' they chorused . 
 `` last time , man . 
 leave me alone , '' i commanded , balling a fist at my side . 
 anger burned inside of me . 
 i remembered the skinny man who had innocently asked me for directions before his big friend snuck up behind me and attacked . 
 this man and his friends were no different . 
 no normal person would have followed me alone down a dark street with decent intentions . 
 `` oh , c 'm on , little lady , let 's have some fun . '' 
 the drunken man reached out to grab hold of me , and i stepped quickly out of his grip , surprising myself with the speed with which i had moved . 
 he fell forward , arms wind-milling as he tried to right himself . 
 his friends took this as their cue , reaching out to grab me as well . 
 anxiety left me , replaced now with the need for survival . 
 primal instincts kicked in . 
 i was n't going to be made a victim by these men . 
 a blur of outstretched arms reached to grab me . 
 i fought back , throwing punches and kicks , moving with incredible speed and grace i had never had before . 
 a hand grabbed hold of my wrist . 
 in a smooth , fluid motion , i twisted out of my would-be captor 's grip , breaking free of his hold . 
 i knocked back and threw a wild punch . 
 my fist collided with the nearest face and i was rewarded with a loud groan of pain , and the unmistakable sound of bones cracking . 
 my attacker fell to the ground , leaving three others still trying to subdue me . 
 i felt strong and powerful , knocking each man down as if he were a rag doll . 
 the man who had originally called out to me stumbled back onto his feet . 
 he screamed obscenities and words in spanish that i assumed were meant as insults . 
 he lunged at me again . 
 fueled by the need for survival and my unyielding hunger , i grabbed hold of him . 
 instinctively , i yanked at his hair , pulling his head toward me . 
 i bared my fangs and sank them deep into his neck . 
 hot blood flooded my mouth . 
 i savored the thick , honey-sweet elixir . 
 pure ecstasy . 
 it was warm and smooth , filling my being with new energy . 
 drunk with this new sensation , i felt unstoppable . 
 powerful . 
 i could stop bad people from doing awful , evil , vile things . 
 this bloodlust had a purpose . 
 if i was to be this creature , i would ensure my feeding helped to stop the unnecessary deaths of innocents . 
 visions of the men who had beaten me fueled my rage . 
 this man would not be allowed to go peacefully into the light . 
 i wanted him to pay for what he would have done to me -- what i had already endured at the hands of men like him . 
 i wanted him to feel it all , pain and torment . 
 i gnawed at his neck , and dug my nails into his dirty flesh . 
 he would pay with his last dying breath . 
 my victim moaned pitifully . 
 his arms flailed . 
 he beat against my back , struggling to get away . 
 i did n't flinch . 
 my arms encircled his body and locked tight in a deadly embrace . 
 his heart thundered in his chest , pumping blood faster through the wound into my awaiting mouth . 
 i drained him , gulping his blood down like a refreshing drink on a hot summer day , until i heard the last pathetic thump of his heart . 
 engrossed in my own personal victory , and drunk with this new blood , i failed to pay attention to the other three men . 
 screams of `` vampire ! 
 vampire ! '' 
 echoed in the empty streets . 
 instantly , it hit me . 
 i was supposed to be discreet . 
 lysander had warned not to let others find out about us or the acta sanctorum would begin hunting us down . 
 i sprang to my feet , throwing the lifeless body to the ground , and took off after the other three with a speed i never thought i was capable of . 
 thankfully , lysander was true to his word . 
 he 'd kept a close watch on me and was already in pursuit of the escaping men . 
 he quickly caught up to them and slammed one of them into a wall , knocking him out , and ran for the others . 
 i followed close behind . 
 in moments , we both overtook the two remaining men . 
 lysander took one for his kill and i gorged myself on the other . 
 we carried the bodies to the nearest dumpster and disposed of them , so as not to leave any evidence of our activities . 
 as soon as i hoisted my victim into the bin , lysander lit a match and threw it in . 
 thanks to a lot of debris , it quickly caught fire . 
 i wondered if that would be enough to cover our tracks . 
 before i could form the words , lysander answered my unasked question . 
 `` it wo n't cremate the bodies , but it should remove any traces of our involvement with their death . 
 we must always hide our kills . '' 
 i watched the dumpster ablaze with the victims of my first hunt . 
 lysander pulled me close , his arms encircled my body . 
 `` i knew you could do this . 
 you have a lot of strength inside of you . '' 
 i leaned into him , still staring at the fire . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 `` let 's go , '' said lysander . 
 `` the night is calling . '' 
 chapter 8 * * * * * perhaps it was the alcohol content in my victim 's blood , or maybe just the relief that my first hunt was over . 
 whatever it was , my body hummed with energy . 
 my senses awakened : lights seemed brighter , sounds were crisper , smells were more intense . 
 fresh blood coursed through my veins , and i felt the blissful lightheadedness of being drunk . 
 i found myself dancing around as we made our way back towards the car . 
 `` you have done well tonight , '' lysander praised as i twirled around him . 
 `` what is this amazing feeling ? '' 
 `` the energy of life . '' 
 he let out a small laugh as i stumbled , almost tripping over my feet . 
 `` you are drunk on pure energy . '' 
 lysander smiled at me as i floated around in my drunken state . 
 there was no fear of discovery in my antics . 
 vegas was used to seeing drunks wander the streets , and my blood-drunk state would seem no different to any passersby . 
 lysander did n't attempt to hold or control me as we walked back through the casino to the elevators . 
 the multitude of smells still enticed me , but my satiated state quieted the beast , making it easier to endure . 
 by the time we reached the top of the parking garage , the lightheadedness had begun to dissipate . 
 i noticed a man standing next to lysander 's suv . 
 lysander must have noticed the strange man as well . 
 his body stiffened and he held up a hand , motioning for us to slow our pace . 
 the man was well dressed , in a tailored , all-white suit . 
 a black shirt peeked out from beneath his jacket , and two thick gold chains glistened at his neck . 
 his outfit , though nice , appeared out of place on this side of town . 
 downtown was certainly not where the glitzy high rollers played . 
 a strange sensation overtook me . 
 the hairs on the back of my neck prickled , and my skin flushed with goose bumps as we approached . 
 i wondered if this was the sensation lysander had spoken of before . 
 i guessed the stranger must be one of us . 
 i scanned the stranger 's face , looking for any sign of hostility , but it appeared blank of all visible emotions . 
 the trademark blue-gray eyes confirmed my suspicion . 
 he was a vampire . 
 anxiety suddenly washed through me . 
 i had n't planned on meeting another vampire this soon . 
 did the screaming of my victims alert someone ? 
 were we in trouble ? 
 the stranger stood rigid like a statue , as if waiting for us to come closer . 
 his long , slicked-back jet-black hair was neatly tied into a ponytail at the base of his neck . 
 an abnormally long nose came to a point above his thin lips . 
 i guessed he 'd been turned in his early thirties . 
 a few faint wrinkles crossed his large forehead , and there were tiny crow 's - feet at the edges of his eyes . 
 we came to a stop at the trunk of lysander 's jeep , leaving a comfortable gap between ourselves and the stranger . 
 i turned my attention to lysander . 
 the angry look on his face told me he recognized this man and , more importantly , that he was n't happy to see him . 
 that thought sent my anxiety level rising higher . 
 `` edmond ... '' lysander said , nodding to the man standing at the head of his car . 
 `` ah , lysander , '' edmond responded . 
 `` i have n't seen you in quite some time . '' 
 he inclined his head to me . 
 `` and who is this pretty little thing you 're with ? '' 
 his voice carried hints of a french accent . 
 i felt his probing eyes surveying every inch of me . 
 i cringed as his eyes moved up to meet mine , feeling a strange sensation , as if he were trying to read me , mentally sizing me up . 
 i shrank back to avoid his stare , stepping closer to lysander . 
 `` out here all by yourself , are you , edmond ? 
 kallisto let you off your leash ? '' 
 lysander taunted . 
 `` i come on behalf of my mistress , '' edmond said , with an arrogant flick of his hand . 
 `` oh . 
 she has you acting as her messenger boy now , '' lysander said , his lips curled into a sneer . 
 `` no task is to menial when it comes to the mistresses happiness . 
 and i would do anything to make mistress kallisto happy , '' edmond retorted . 
 `` perhaps that is why she favors me . 
 she knows she can count on me to always be there at her side . '' 
 `` you are nothing more than a puppet , edmond . '' 
 lysander 's scowling face was hard to ignore , yet edmond showed no sign of fear . 
 i wondered , for a moment , who kallisto was and if she was a type of vampire royalty . 
 they both seemed to know her and the way edmond talked made her seem like an important person in the vampire community . 
 but lysander had said he was a loner and did n't live in a coven . 
 what would he have to do with this edmond and kallisto ? 
 lysander 's growling words snapped me out of my thoughts . 
 `` get to the point then , edmond . 
 to what do we owe this occasion ? '' 
 `` always straight to the point with you , is n't it ? 
 and i was so looking forward to reminiscing with you . 
 how long has it been ? 
 do you miss us ? '' 
 edmond moved toward us , smiling wickedly at me . 
 i gulped and took a step backward . 
 `` shy , are we , ma chère ? '' 
 edmond spoke softly , inching closer . 
 again , i felt the eerie sensation of his eyes probing me . '' 
 might i at least have the pleasure of your name ? '' 
 `` get the hell away from me , '' i snapped . 
 `` leave her out of this , edmond , and get to the point of your visit , '' barked lysander . 
 edmond 's lips curled at the corners . 
 `` i 'm afraid i ca n't do that . '' 
 i shuddered . 
 damn it , i probably should have kept my mouth closed . 
 my chest became tight . 
 my heart raced , pounding like a drum roll . 
 edmond took another small step closer , reaching a hand out to me . 
 i flinched . 
 lysander stepped in front of me , blocking edmond 's path . 
 he knocked away edmond 's hand . 
 `` i said , leave her alone . '' 
 `` jealous , are we , lysander ? '' 
 he sneered . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 i wo n't steal her . 
 i just wish to know her name . '' 
 an odd silence halted their verbal tennis match . 
 it piqued my curiosity . 
 i chanced a look at edmond . 
 he stood firm in his place . 
 he and lysander stared at one another as if each was threatening the other to make a move , but no words were exchanged . 
 lysander 's face was blocked from my view , but i saw the struggle in edmond 's eyes . 
 his lips quivered at the corners , but he did not move or speak . 
 his hands twitched , fisting and rising to a defensive position , and then relaxing back to his side . 
 the odd silence and strange behavior confused me . 
 lysander 's body also seemed to tense and relax in front of me . 
 i shrank behind him , waiting for something to happen . 
 tension ran thick in the air . 
 i sensed a fight was about to start . 
 many moments went by silently before lysander spoke again . 
 `` enough mind games , edmond . 
 speak your purpose for being here or leave us , '' lysander demanded . 
 `` fine , '' edmond huffed . 
 `` it is precisely this enchanting little urchin you have recently turned that gives us cause to have this chat . '' 
 there was a definite note of disdain in his voice . 
 me ? 
 what do i have to do with anything ? 
 a chill ran down my spine . 
 i wanted to get out of there . 
 i needed to escape . 
 lysander 's stance became more defensive . 
 he continued to act as a wall between edmond and me . 
 `` she is none of your -- or anyone else 's -- concern , edmond . '' 
 `` that may be your opinion ; however , there are those among us who do not look too kindly on bastard fledglings turned without permission , and , well , you know the law . 
 ... '' `` those laws do not pertain to me , '' lysander said with a snarl . 
 `` i am under no one 's rule . '' 
 `` that , too , is a matter of opinion , and it would be in your best interest and the interest of your ... lady friend to sort this matter out with kallisto . '' 
 `` i have nothing to discuss with you or kallisto , '' lysander said . 
 `` i am through with this conversation . 
 leave my presence before i decide to send kallisto a message of my own , using your corpse . '' 
 edmond waved his hand at lysander . 
 `` save your childish threats for someone else . '' 
 he turned and walked away toward the elevators . 
 `` consider this your one and only warning . 
 you have thirty nights . '' 
 lysander turned to me . 
 his eyes appeared hard and cold . 
 `` get in the car . '' 
 he inhaled slow , controlled breaths as he entered the car and started the engine . 
 the scowl did n't leave his mouth as he drove out of the parking garage . 
 i wanted to start questioning him . 
 i wanted to know what danger we were in , but the look on his face told me now would not be the best time . 
 thankful to be leaving without a fight , my mind raced with questions . 
 what part did kallisto play in all of this ? 
 who was she ? 
 why did edmond accuse lysander of breaking a law ? 
 what kind of trouble were we in ? 
 was lysander going to be able to settle this ? 
 what if kallisto came after us ? 
 `` there is more for you to know about our kind , '' he said , breaking the silence . 
 `` i told you there were other covens out there . '' 
 `` yeah , it seems you left out quite a bit of information . 
 what the hell was going on back there ? '' 
 `` it was n't necessary to tell you everything about our kind just yet . 
 you seemed to be having trouble handling the basics . '' 
 i heard the frustration in lysander 's voice . 
 `` as i said before , there are quite a few covens out there . 
 one in particular stands out from the rest . 
 it 's the oldest known coven in existence , and kallisto is the leader . '' 
 i had a feeling he would say that . 
 `` kallisto is a very old , very powerful vampire , '' lysander said . 
 great , just great . 
 `` was she the first ? '' 
 i asked . 
 lysander shook his head . 
 `` no , i do n't think so . 
 but she is the oldest vampire i know , and she feels she is the ruler over us all . '' 
 `` but if she is n't the first , is n't there someone above her ? '' 
 lysander groaned . 
 his fist tightened on the steering wheel . 
 `` why are you so fixated on the first vampire ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i guess ... well , that 's how it always goes in the stories . '' 
 `` this is not some fiction story , '' he said with a hint of annoyance . 
 `` this is reality . '' 
 yeah , and reality was getting worse and worse every minute . 
 `` i 'm trying to make sense of all of this . '' 
 i sighed and wrapped my arms around my stomach . 
 `` i 'm scared , and this is all new to me . '' 
 `` i do not see why it is so important , but if you must know , no one knows who the first is . 
 kallisto has never claimed that title , but she is very old . 
 she once told me of a legend that claims we were descended from the keres . '' 
 `` the what ? '' 
 `` you never studied mythology in school ? '' 
 a note of impatience was evident in lysander 's voice . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` nope , i did n't care much for that kind of stuff . '' 
 i never thought i would need it . 
 it was n't like i expected to become a vampire when i grew up . 
 `` have you at least heard of the greek gods ? '' 
 `` you mean zeus , hades , hera ... '' `` yes , good . 
 what about the titans ? 
 are you familiar with them ? '' 
 `` uh ... no , not really . '' 
 i shook my head , feeling a little bit embarrassed at how little i knew . 
 `` the titans preceded the olympian gods you 're familiar with . 
 they were there at the beginning of creation and birthed , so to speak , the gods you know . '' 
 `` okay , go on . '' 
 `` they were what we believe caused everything to come into being : gaia , earth ; uranus , sky ; chronos , time ; nyx , night ; and so forth . 
 each of the titans had various children . 
 some of nyx 's many children were the keres : winged female blood-drinking creatures , with large claws and razor-sharp teeth . '' 
 i shuddered , imagining such beasts . 
 so we 're monsters . 
 lysander did n't seem to be bothered by his description or my reaction . 
 he continued without missing a beat . 
 `` they were charged with finishing off wounded men in battle so their souls might cross over into the underworld . '' 
 `` okay , '' i said , holding up my hand to pause him . 
 `` so they were the original vampires ? '' 
 `` no , they were godlike creatures to begin with . 
 vampires , such as we are , began as mortals . 
 according to kallisto 's telling of the legend , one of the keres mated with a mortal , creating the first of our kind : half mortal , half god . '' 
 i bit at my thumbnail as lysander continued to rattle off more about the legend . 
 `` the olympian gods and the titans were at war . 
 the titans were imprisoned by zeus in tartarus , also known as the deepest part of the underworld . 
 nyx , being a titan , was unable to keep constant watch over this new immortal creation . 
 she was forced to return to tartarus each morning and was only allowed out as the sun set . 
 nyx cursed this new immortal , preventing him from coming out into the daylight , hoping to keep him a secret . 
 this new immortal adapted well to the night , but eventually became lonely and depressed , being the only one of his kind . 
 nyx took pity on him , allowing him to create a mate , and taught him the secret power of his immortal blood . 
 and so our race began . '' 
 i nodded to myself , trying to process all of this new information . 
 `` so we really are creatures of the night ? '' 
 `` according to the legend , yes . '' 
 lysander turned to face me . 
 `` but as i have said , no one has ever met this first vampire , so the validity of the story has yet to be proven . 
 it remains legend , as do many of the other various theories on how our kind started . '' 
 a combination of shock and awe hit me as i put all the pieces of the story together . 
 `` so , kallisto is basically the oldest and strongest known vampire . 
 she thinks she is the queen of all vampires . 
 and she is mad at us ? '' 
 lysander leaned his head to the side , one of his eyes squinted as he pursed his lips . 
 `` mad is probably not the appropriate word to use here , '' he said . 
 `` what about edmond ? 
 is he just a messenger ? '' 
 lysander 's brow furrowed . 
 `` he 's her mate . '' 
 `` mate ? 
 like her husband or something ? '' 
 `` yes , '' he sighed . 
 `` we are almost to my home . 
 i have some things to show you . '' 
 chapter 9 * * * * * we arrived at lysander 's home just after midnight . 
 he gestured for to me sit in the living room as he walked to the large wooden bookshelves . 
 wondering what other scary revelations he was about to tell me , i sank into the soft leather of the couch , watching as his fingers darted nimbly across the spines of ancient-looking tomes . 
 lysander 's wide eyes flitted back and forth as he skimmed the books . 
 `` kallisto and i have quite a history . '' 
 his finger stopped on a dusty , brown leather spine . 
 `` ah , yes , this is the one . '' 
 he pulled the thick book from the shelf . 
 it was old and weathered . 
 the leather binding looked as if it would fall apart in his hands . 
 he opened it and carefully presented it to me . 
 `` is this vampire history ? '' 
 i wondered , looking at the yellowing pages . 
 the book appeared to be a diary of some sort , written in languages i did not know . 
 `` some of it . 
 technically , this would be my history . 
 i am not old enough to know what happened in the very beginning . 
 this is an account of my life with kallisto . '' 
 i admired the book , turning the pages slowly , trying not to damage them . 
 `` what language is this ? '' 
 i scanned the text , noting the funny slashes and illegible scribbles , not finding any writing i understood until i flipped more than halfway to the end of the book . 
 `` each language you see represents the current language spoken when i wrote the entry . 
 i wanted to preserve the history i was able to witness , so i documented everything i saw . 
 it has been my life 's work to transcribe history . 
 this book , however , is not an original . 
 it is a copy , made by me before i left kallisto and her coven . '' 
 he left her . 
 that might explain why she was sending messengers after him . 
 he let out a deep sigh . 
 i caught a hint of sadness . 
 it was as if the mention of kallisto carried some painful memory . 
 `` the original parchment and scrolls were left with her so many years ago , along with many of my other writings . '' 
 i looked up at lysander 's face . 
 he looked lovingly on the book lying in my lap , as if it were his child . 
 his eyes lit up as i turned the pages , revealing more writing and sketches that -- i assumed -- he had drawn . 
 i felt a strange sensation of pride , like i was somehow channeling the feelings i saw as i looked up into lysander 's eyes . 
 he let me flip through the book until i had seen everything on my own , then turned it back to the beginning , showing me a sketch of a beautiful grassy valley dotted with farms . 
 the sketch was vividly detailed ; each blade of grass was lovingly etched into the page . 
 i could tell lysander had put quite a bit of work into this tome . 
 `` i was born in amfissa , a valley city in ancient greece , '' he said , seating himself next to me on the couch . 
 `` it was a beautiful , fertile land , but scarred by generation after generation of war with each of our neighbors and even rome itself before the latter defeated us , eventually incorporating us into their republic . '' 
 wow , rome and greece . 
 i did n't realize lysander was that old . 
 i looked up at his youthful face . 
 he has to be over two thousand years old if he came from ancient greece . 
 he turned the book to the next page and pointed out a sketch of a temple filled with people in celebration . 
 `` i had no taste for war , preferring to tend my family 's land and enjoy the pleasures of worshipping the gods . 
 we celebrated our gods back then , toasting them with wine and food . 
 huge feasts were thrown in celebration of the gods , thanking them for their blessings . 
 special festivals were held at different points of the year to give thanks for the bounty they bestowed on us . '' 
 he spoke with such fervor . 
 i knew this subject must be near and dear to his heart . 
 a smile stretched wide across his face , reaching up to his sparkling eyes . 
 `` it was at the oscophoria , a grape harvesting festival , that i first glimpsed kallisto . '' 
 i lost myself staring into his eyes , watching him speak instead of looking at the book in my lap . 
 he pointed down to the picture , refocusing me . 
 `` throngs of people crowded the temple in celebration as youths brought forth the finest ripened grapes from the vine . '' 
 lysander 's eyes closed , and his smile turned into a crooked grin . 
 he appeared to be reliving a pleasant memory . 
 `` she was alone , making her way through the sea of people , and upon viewing her , i had to meet her . '' 
 sounded like love at first sight . 
 i had n't figured lysander for the romantic type . 
 i admired the serene look on his handsome face . 
 `` i remember my first glimpse of her as clearly as if i were looking at her right now , '' he sighed . 
 `` she was an enchanting beauty with gorgeous long black hair . '' 
 he turned the page again , pointing out another drawing of a tall , slender woman dressed in traditional greek style , with dark hair and a floor-length , white tunic dress . 
 wow , she is beautiful . 
 `` it was that night that i would be turned . 
 kallisto told me she was born of the gods and wished to bestow her gift on me . 
 she enticed me with carnal pleasures , telling me i needed to free myself from mortality with ecstasy and wine . 
 only the wine she offered me was blood . 
 we lay as lovers that night , entwined in one another 's bodies , sharing in the feast of blood . 
 by morning i was a vampire and we retreated to the lower hidden floor of the temple . '' 
 i nodded as lysander turned the page , revealing more writing and a drawing of a man holding two women covered in blood . 
 the serene look left lysander 's face . 
 `` i too struggled initially with the thought of killing , as i see you do , '' he said . 
 `` though my teacher was not so patient with me . 
 the first night after my transformation , i was offered two beautiful virgins for my first meal . 
 i refused them at first , feeling sorry for them , not wanting to end their lives . 
 i feared becoming a monster as you do . '' 
 lysander spoke matter-of-factly , but his words were a relief to me . 
 i was glad to hear i was n't a disappointment for struggling with my newfound need for blood . 
 he continued , `` this enraged kallisto , and in her fury , she attacked me . 
 her strength outmatched mine . 
 i was a newborn vampire , weak and unable to stop her . 
 she tossed me around like a rag doll and threatened to abandon me to the sunlight as punishment . 
 it was made clear from the start that there would never be a choice in who was to be sacrificed . 
 i was to drink the blood of the living or die for showing disrespect to my mistress for her gift . '' 
 `` so she made you kill the virgins ? '' 
 i gasped , covering my mouth with my hand . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` she sounds cruel and heartless , '' i said , under my breath . 
 `` kallisto was a strict mistress , but also a talented lover . 
 she used the pleasures of the flesh to reward my obedient behavior , allowing me to perform any act of carnal desire with her as long as i accepted her as my mistress . 
 over the years , i grew to love kallisto and wanted nothing more than her happiness . 
 we became partners , a kind of husband and wife , and it was just the two of us living in the temple . '' 
 he turned the page again , showing another drawing of a large city . 
 `` time moved on , and soon the romans commanded greece . '' 
 i recognized the huge coliseum in the center of the picture , surrounded by a tight network of streets and wondered how he managed to get such detail into his drawings `` kallisto grew restless and soon tired of living in the temple . 
 she decided we would move to the heart of the empire and add to our family . 
 so , we left amfissa and headed to rome . '' 
 `` you left your home for her ? '' 
 `` yes , i loved kallisto . 
 i wanted to make her happy . 
 also , a vampire can only stay in one place for so long before people get too suspicious . '' 
 `` yeah , i guess you do have a point there . '' 
 i smiled , leaning in attentively as lysander continued his story . 
 `` we made it to rome , and our timing could not have been better . 
 we arrived just after the assassination of the great gaius julius caesar . 
 all of rome was in an uproar as political powers scrambled to reestablish order . 
 kallisto loved the chaos and used it to establish the first members of our coven . 
 she sought out and quickly befriended roman patricians and anyone with homes and money . 
 using the gift of immortality as trade , she gained access to riches and palatial homes . 
 the upheaval in the aftermath of caesar 's death left many fearing they would be murdered for their political alliances , and for them , immortality was the only way they would survive . 
 it was a good plan , and our family grew to a few dozen in just a month after our arrival in rome . '' 
 he turned another page , revealing a drawing of a palatial home filled with people dressed in long , colorful tunic dresses , shawls , and togas . 
 `` oh , how beautiful . '' 
 i admired the various women with long hair , adorned with glittering decorations . 
 `` we lived in the lap of luxury , just as kallisto wanted , and she and i were worshipped as rulers among our fledgling family . '' 
 why would lysander leave the coven , then ? 
 i looked up , trying to glean some information from his expression . 
 he ignored my questioning gaze , continuing with his story . 
 `` rules soon had to be established to maintain order amongst our group . 
 fledglings began turning their mortal lovers , and our homes overflowed with too many vampires . 
 kallisto and i came up with and instructed our brood on the five laws that would rule our coven . '' 
 he turned the page again , showing me what appeared to be a list marked by large , ornately drawn roman numerals . 
 he pointed them out as he read them to me . 
 `` number one . 
 we do not walk among men as equals . 
 we are hidden gods , revealing ourselves only to our victims before the moment of their deaths , or to our children before bestowing our gift upon them . 
 death shall be your reward for revealing our true nature to mortals . 
 `` number two . 
 our gifts shall not be squandered . 
 only the unique among mortals will be granted immortality and approval shall be sought before performing the act . 
 death shall be you and your child 's reward for siring without consent . '' 
 my heart skipped a beat . 
 i gasped , realizing now why edmond was sent to warn lysander . 
 lysander turned me , and now kallisto wanted us dead . 
 lysander continued reading , seemingly unaware of my panic . 
 `` number three . 
 the rules governing mortal crimes shall be enforced among immortals . 
 murder and thievery will not be tolerated among your brethren , and your mistress will judge you on the severity of your crimes . 
 `` number four . 
 discretion in your feeding is your duty , and no trace should be left of your nightly activities , or you risk exposure of our kind to mortals . 
 death shall be your reward for breaking our veil of secrecy . 
 `` and finally , number five . 
 your brethren 's victims are theirs to have and feed from . 
 do not covet or attempt to take them from your brothers and sisters . 
 we must all respect one another as family . 
 exile shall be your reward for covetousness . '' 
 lysander finally looked at me . 
 `` i told you covens were fanatical . '' 
 though i was horrified by this revelation , his tone had n't changed . 
 he spoke plainly , as if he were not affected by what he was telling me . 
 `` punishments were harsh in our coven . 
 we had to keep the rules strict to maintain order among our brood . '' 
 `` but you broke one of those rules by turning me . '' 
 `` whose rules are they ? '' 
 i thought for a moment before speaking . 
 `` kallisto 's . '' 
 `` exactly . 
 not mine . 
 i am no longer a member of that coven . '' 
 `` but you helped establish them . 
 kallisto sent someone to tell you that you broke a law . 
 and if those rules are still in effect , you signed both our death warrants when you turned me . '' 
 `` get a hold of yourself , alyssa . 
 i told you , i do not belong with her any longer . '' 
 i could n't hide the fright in my voice . 
 `` if she is sending messengers , then she might still think you do . '' 
 how could he be so calm about all of this ? 
 `` alyssa , please understand . 
 her coven is not the only coven out there . 
 her laws , though she might not want to admit it , do not govern the entirety of the vampire world . '' 
 i was n't entirely convinced . 
 if kallisto sent a messenger out to warn us , there had to be some real reason behind it . 
 `` even as kallisto and i were making these rules for our new coven , there were already many other vampires populating the world . 
 remember , kallisto must have been turned by someone before coming to amfissa . 
 logic will tell you there had to be others out there . 
 now , shall i continue with my story ? '' 
 `` fine , go on . '' 
 i took a deep breath , trying to calm my frantically beating heart . 
 below the five marked rules was another group of words in latin . 
 lysander looked back down at his book , translating the words . 
 `` ` to be exiled is to be lowered in status , equal to that of mortal men . 
 members of the coven are free to prey upon the exiled and condemned , and use their blood to strengthen themselves . ' '' 
 my hand clenched into a tight fist in my lap . 
 oh , god , that 's how they are going to do it . 
 they are going to hunt us down and feed on us . 
 lysander looked up from the book , meeting my frightened eyes . 
 `` our laws were not met with approval from many in our newly enlarged family . 
 when we began enforcing them , a small faction decided to break off and start a new coven . 
 even in a city as large as rome , it was hard to contain two covens , and for at least a century , a feud was fought between our coven and the members of the new house . 
 the feuding spilled over into the streets of rome , and the city became victim to the fighting of our two families . 
 on many occasions , the streets of rome erupted in flame as immortal brothers attacked one another , trying to gain control of the city . '' 
 he turned another page in the book and pointed to a frightening picture of streets ablaze and people running in terror . 
 `` rome was changing around us . 
 the old gods were being replaced by christianity , and the romans saw many emperors come and go . 
 i and many of our family grew tired of the feuding between the covens . 
 we had stayed in rome too long , so i pleaded with kallisto to give up control and move our coven somewhere else . '' 
 okay , this might be good . 
 kallisto listened to him back then . 
 maybe there was some hope here . 
 `` after much debate , she agreed , and we left rome , searching for a new place where our family could live in peace . 
 this started a trend that would continue throughout the modern era . 
 we would move to a location and set up a home . 
 after a century or so , we would move on . 
 a period of peace and prosperity among our coven lasted through the twelfth century . 
 life was extremely comfortable , and we were happy to watch the world developing around us . '' 
 again , the thought crossed my mind . 
 why would lysander want to leave , if coven life was so wonderful ? 
 `` we eventually made our way to what is now france , and it was there that we met the gentleman you saw tonight . '' 
 he turned the page , showing a large drawing of edmond . 
 lysander 's body tensed and his eyes narrowed . 
 `` edmond was a wealthy land owner and immediately took kallisto 's interest . '' 
 he spoke in a carefully controlled tone . 
 `` we had lived as rulers and mates for more than a thousand years without much incident until he came along . 
 she turned him , and his home became our own . 
 kallisto took to spending all of her time with this new fledgling . 
 she lavished affection on him and saw to his education personally . 
 they would disappear together for days at a time , leaving me to maintain order among the coven , whose numbers had reached above fifty . '' 
 wow , that 's a huge coven . 
 lysander 's lip curled into a sneer . 
 `` edmond 's mortal status secured for us our home and wealth , and kallisto used this to grant him a position of power in the coven , a title and award , which she had not done for others in the past . 
 this brought unrest among the coven again and threatened to split our house apart , as had happened in rome . '' 
 he let out a long sigh . 
 `` edmond was rapidly promoted to her personal adviser , and rumors threatened that i was about to be unseated as kallisto 's mate and king . 
 my supporters wanted to wage war and destroy kallisto and her new consort , but i would not allow it . 
 i loved kallisto , despite her infidelity and politics , and could not bear to harm her . 
 i never did have a taste for war , so i prepared myself to leave the coven . '' 
 he turned the page again . 
 this picture was horrific , a twisted and deformed blob of people and blood . 
 i cringed and looked away from the picture . 
 `` to my knowledge , there has never been a coven of this magnitude in one location again . '' 
 lysander 's voice became somber . 
 `` my announcement that i wished to leave was not met with any resistance until followers of mine stepped forward , announcing their intentions to leave as well . 
 kallisto did not want to lose her followers and commanded that all deserters be put to death . 
 a bloody battle raged that evening , brother against brother . 
 family members who had been together for centuries turned on one another . 
 i lost many an old friend that night . 
 before morning , i , and those who had survived and were still loyal to me , fled to safety . '' 
 lysander paused , and his hands rose to his face , covering his eyes . 
 he took a silent moment . 
 an odd sensation hit me . 
 sadness , sorrow ; but those were n't my feelings . 
 again , i felt as if i were channeling the feelings from lysander . 
 the moment passed . 
 lysander reached out and turned the page again , showing another upsetting picture , a city ravaged by death . 
 bodies lay in the streets , and the living people looked pale and diseased . 
 `` our small clan of immortals eventually made its way to england . 
 it was a dirty and depressing place . 
 the black death was new to the area and began spreading like wildfire . 
 people were dying all around us , and the city reeked of disease . 
 we were a small group now , and we were poor . 
 kallisto 's knack for allying herself with the affluent and respected in society was not available to us , and our meager clan of vampires was not as politically minded . '' 
 he turned to the next page in the book , revealing a group of people crowded into a small room . 
 i counted no more than six : a man resembling lysander , a short , dark-haired man , a brunette woman , two blond men , and a red-headed woman . 
 `` who are they ? '' 
 `` all who were left . 
 we managed to secure a small home in central london where the plague seemed at its worst . 
 the deaths around us easily masked our nightly feeding , but drastically reduced the numbers of healthy mortals on whom to feed . 
 it was n't long before our small clan dwindled away , each person leaving for various reasons . 
 i bore them no ill will . 
 they had stood for me when it had counted , and i would not deny them their own way in life , so i let them go . 
 `` i soon found myself alone , depressed and not willing to go on . 
 i decided i had had enough of immortality . '' 
 he looked up at me , his blue-gray eyes filled with sadness . 
 `` the years can wear on you when you 're happy , and so much more so when you are n't . '' 
 i wanted to reach out and hold him . 
 the feeling of sadness was almost overwhelming . 
 poor lysander . 
 i nodded silently , telling him to continue with his story . 
 `` i had lived to see the centuries pass and witnessed the greatness of social evolution . 
 i saw the height and fall of rome , observed countries develop from bands of fighting factions , and watched as the old gods and traditions were replaced with a new and more powerful deity . '' 
 he took a deep breath . 
 turning his attention back to the book , he flipped the page . 
 i saw a large , empty room and a man , whom i assumed was lysander , lying on the ground . 
 `` i sealed myself into a newly built tomb . 
 i lay down on the soft dirt within and waited for death from starvation . '' 
 the odd feeling of sadness ended . 
 lysander took another deep breath , reaching again to the book to turn another page . 
 `` death was not to be mine , '' he said . 
 `` hunger eventually turned to paralysis , and i became immobile , like a living statue destined for eternal sleep . '' 
 how horrible . 
 to be paralyzed forever . 
 `` during my centuries of sleep , kallisto 's coven came under attack by a new group of crusaders : vampire hunters with the backing of the roman catholic church . 
 it was the first time anyone had seen a group such as this , and although mortal , they were able to hunt and destroy groups of vampires . 
 `` kallisto came to england and found my tomb . '' 
 he turned the page , and i saw the two lovers in one another 's arms , lying in the dirt of lysander 's tomb . 
 `` i found myself awakening to the taste of her blood as i lay in her lap . 
 she fed me and brought me back from my deathlike sleep , offering me a home again with her and all that remained of her coven . 
 i wanted to rejoin her and for a short time i tried , but edmond was still there -- her right hand . 
 the coven had a mere fraction of its original strength . 
 i was no longer the respected and beloved king . 
 kallisto still wanted me , but her mate was now edmond . 
 i could not bear to live with them and made my intentions known that i would be leaving again . 
 `` kallisto was unhappy and threatened death , warning me to be careful in my choice . 
 at that point , death was preferable to living with her coven . '' 
 lysander 's face became serious again . 
 `` edmond stepped in as kallisto was delivering her sentence . 
 he suggested another alternative : loneliness and exile . 
 i was told if i would not live with the coven , i would live alone and walk through eternity with no one by my side . '' 
 `` loneliness and exile : so you ca n't have any friends or partners ? '' 
 great , another reason why turning me was a problem . 
 so kallisto did n't want lysander dead , she wanted me dead . 
 lysander scoffed . 
 `` they are so arrogant . 
 they think they control the world . 
 my ties to them ended there . '' 
 but they still consider you under their rule , i thought , not wanting to state the obvious out loud for fear of angering lysander . 
 `` the new world had been discovered while i slept . 
 it was far away from everything i had known . 
 i felt it could be a place of new beginning for me . 
 i booked passage on a ship bound for america , saying goodbye to my beloved kallisto . 
 from that moment on , i would never consider myself part of her or her coven again . '' 
 he closed the book , taking it from my lap and setting it on to the coffee table . 
 `` the goodbye did not last as long as i had hoped . 
 kallisto followed me . 
 after my arrival in america , i lived in boston , then chicago , then texas , and finally , here . 
 each place i called home was not mine for very long . 
 eventually she made her presence known . '' 
 `` so what can we do ? 
 do we face her , or do we move somewhere else ? '' 
 lysander stood up and paced in front of the couch . 
 `` i 'm not sure what i am going to do at this moment . '' 
 great , just great ! 
 he 's supposed to have the answers and he does n't know what to do . 
 `` that was n't the answer i was hoping for . '' 
 i stretched out , across the couch , and waited for lysander to stop his pacing and give me some idea of what would happen to us . 
 this kallisto woman sounded pretty hard to deal with , but lysander had n't escaped her in the nearly thousand years since their first parting . 
 it did n't seem likely that moving was going to solve anything , and i had a feeling that was why he was unable to give me an answer . 
 `` try not to worry , alyssa . 
 i will take care of this . 
 for now , we must concentrate on your education as a vampire . '' 
 chapter 10 * * * * * a few nights passed after our encounter with edmond . 
 we had n't heard anything new from the coven , and lysander had not yet told me how we planned to deal with the threat they posed to us . 
 it appeared that lysander was waiting for them to make another move . 
 the potential threat of kallisto was a constant worry . 
 even though lysander tried to reassure me that he could handle her , his words did n't do much to relieve my anxiety . 
 i wanted to know how , but he would n't say anything further . 
 i had no choice but to trust his word and hope for the best . 
 lysander focused on bringing me up to speed and teaching me how to be , as he called it , a proper vampire . 
 he told me that would be key to my survival . 
 he did have a point . 
 i would n't know the first thing about defending myself against a two-thousand-year-old ex-lover with a grudge . 
 i learned that some things about being a vampire were pretty cool . 
 there were definitely benefits to being immortal . 
 really , it was only the hunting for blood that bothered me . 
 my new abilities began to develop quickly . 
 i could sense other living things around me : people , animals , and vampires -- although i had really only had lysander as a test subject for the last one . 
 even if i could n't see or smell them , i could sense the presence of something alive near me . 
 an odd feeling would strike me , making the hair on the back of my neck stand on end , and i would know someone was around . 
 i sensed the unseen presence near me and knew the exact direction to look and find it . 
 at times i sensed emotions as if i were feeling them myself . 
 each time i was near lysander , i felt that strange warmth radiating from him . 
 i wondered if he felt it too , and if it meant something . 
 lysander showed no hint of any feelings ; always the teacher , he focused strictly on my vampire education . 
 he instructed me to go after only those people who were evil . 
 it was his way to justify the hunt . 
 if we had to survive off blood , it should only come from those who would spill it themselves . 
 after my first hunt and the feeling of power , as i took down the man who might have raped me -lrb- or worse -rrb- , i understood this philosophy . 
 guilt at the thought of killing still hung in the back of my mind . 
 my victims , evil as they were , were still human , and it went against my nature to end their lives . 
 `` i do n't want anyone to have to die , '' i protested . 
 i tried to stall , holding out as long as i could each night before hunting . 
 `` waiting too long to hunt and letting the thirst take over and control you will cause you to mistakenly attack someone who would n't deserve to die , '' lysander cautioned . 
 i could tell my reluctance bothered him . 
 as patient as he was , i knew he was tiring of my protests and arguments . 
 `` would you be able to handle that kind of guilt ? 
 blood is how we survive . 
 someone has to die . 
 there is no way around this . 
 if you let your hunger take over , you will become the bloodthirsty monster you fear . '' 
 i huffed and crossed my arms in frustration . 
 i could n't argue with him . 
 his intentions were right , and there was no getting out of the need for blood . 
 `` if you hunt when you are not starving , you will be able to control yourself enough to choose your victims wisely , '' lysander said , placing a hand on my shoulder for comfort . 
 `` keep hunting criminals and justify their deaths . '' 
 he continued to take me to the seedy parts of town , staying close enough to keep a watch on me as i hunted , making sure i did n't get into trouble . 
 it was a little annoying to be constantly babysat like this , but lysander refused to let me hunt alone . 
 even though it seemed futile , i was stubborn , and continued to argue and question if there were any other ways to feed . 
 eventually , lysander obliged by showing me another , less pleasant method of survival : feeding off the blood of animals . 
 he took me out with the intention of hunting feral strays . 
 not exactly a better option , in my opinion . 
 we spotted a chocolate lab , wandering down a quiet neighborhood street . 
 `` you ca n't expect me to go after that dog , '' i protested . 
 lysander crossed his arms in front of his chest . 
 his eyes narrowed and he shot a stern look at me . 
 `` why not ? 
 you said you did n't want to hunt people . 
 what else did you expect to hunt ? '' 
 `` it 's probably someone 's pet , '' i stalled . 
 killing a defenseless animal just did n't sit right with me . 
 lysander pointed in the direction of the dog . 
 `` i doubt that . 
 look at how skinny the mangy thing is . '' 
 the dog stopped for a second and sniffed the air . 
 i saw the outline of its ribs underneath its dirty , matted fur . 
 it turned its head in our direction , taking one more sniff before bolting down the street at top speed . 
 `` go get it , '' lysander urged . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i stomped my foot like a child throwing a fit . 
 i had never been much of a pet lover , but killing defenseless animals seemed crueler to me than killing a rapist . 
 `` if it 's not enough to satiate you , we can always find another . 
 consider this one a snack , '' lysander said , his voice dripping with sarcasm . 
 `` i would much rather destroy a murderer , rapist , or even a pedophile than an innocent dog or cat . 
 this just seems heartless . '' 
 a life was a life , and it just felt wrong to me to end such an innocent one with my hunger . 
 `` you have eaten chicken and cow , have you not ? '' 
 lysander asked . 
 `` yes , but i never had to kill them myself . 
 i think i might have turned vegetarian if i had been forced to . '' 
 lysander laughed at me . 
 `` they are innocent , '' i snapped at him . 
 `` how can i destroy a harmless creature who has done no wrong ? '' 
 `` you asked for a way to avoid killing humans . 
 animals are your only other option . 
 of course , you do n't have to hunt them . 
 you can keep taking out criminals , if you find that more justifiable . '' 
 `` is there no other way around killing ? '' 
 `` no , i 'm sorry . 
 you must have live blood . '' 
 `` please , lysander , there has to be another way , '' i begged . 
 i wanted -- i needed -- there to be some other way . 
 `` why must there be some other way ? 
 this is how we live . 
 we must drink blood . '' 
 `` there are other ways of obtaining blood , though . '' 
 i was not giving up yet . 
 `` ca n't we try something else ? 
 please ? '' 
 `` i see you are n't going to let this go , '' he sighed . 
 `` fine , you can have your way . 
 i will show you what it is like to have blood without hunting for it . 
 but , i can guarantee you will like this less than the animals . '' 
 *** he took us to a local butcher , and asked him to package up a container of blood for us . 
 the butcher , a balding , overweight man , complied while blankly staring at lysander , as if he were in a trance . 
 it seemed odd to me that the butcher asked no questions or even gave lysander a second glance when he requested a pint of blood . 
 i had a sneaking suspicion that lysander had done something to make the butcher seem so docile . 
 my questions were easily forgotten when we exited the building . 
 i eagerly awaited my first trial with the stored blood . 
 rather than wait to get it back to lysander 's house , we took the container of blood around a back alley behind the butcher shop to have a little taste . 
 i was so excited for this new alternative to my nightly feeding that i could hardly wait for him to open the container . 
 my mouth watered with anticipation . 
 i prepared for the dizzying rush of energy i was accustomed to feeling when i drank . 
 if this works , i 'm stocking lysander 's fridge full of blood . 
 i was eager to end my need to kill . 
 lysander must have known what i was thinking . 
 he had a mischievous smile on his face as he offered me the container of blood . 
 i took it greedily , yanking off the top of the container , and inhaled a long whiff of its scent . 
 my nose crinkled . 
 odd , this does not smell sweet or fragrant at all . 
 it smells like an old rusty penny . 
 maybe this is what lysander meant when he said i would n't enjoy it ? 
 against the protest of my nose , i put the container to my lips and took a sip . 
 here 's to no more death ! 
 `` ugh ! '' 
 i gagged . 
 it was exactly what i had first imagined drinking blood would be like : cold , gelatinous , half-congealed , runny goop . 
 the stale , metallic taste made me want to throw up . 
 lysander laughed as he watched me trying to choke down the contents of the container . 
 i could only handle a few sips before i dropped it to the ground , trying to control my gag reflex . 
 `` tastes horrible , does n't it ? '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` that is why we drink from the living , alyssa . '' 
 i ignored his mocking smile as i scraped my tongue against my teeth and spit a coagulated chunk on the ground . 
 the stale , metallic taste hung in my mouth . 
 `` it 's disgusting . 
 i ca n't drink this at all , '' i screeched . 
 `` it 's terrible . '' 
 `` and it has no energy and therefore no sustenance for us . 
 drinking this will do nothing for you . 
 it is the energy in live blood that you take in . 
 that 's what makes the blood worth drinking . '' 
 lysander continued to laugh at me . 
 `` i guess i learned my lesson , '' i grumbled and kicked the container on the ground , spilling blood all over the asphalt . 
 lysander was right . 
 like it or not , i had to survive off living blood . 
 chapter 11 * * * * * after our experiment with the cow 's blood from the butcher shop , i had a new eagerness for the taste of fresh blood . 
 i was also getting better at sensing people around me as i hunted , and after telling this to lysander , he decided it was time for me to learn more about my abilities . 
 i was ready for my next lesson and eagerly readied myself for his instruction . 
 lysander came out of the bedroom dressed in a pair of plain carpenter jeans and a very loosely buttoned black shirt that revealed a tempting view of his neck and chest . 
 i could n't help but notice how handsome he was . 
 i licked my lips , enjoying the view as he walked across the room . 
 `` we are going to work on something tonight before you hunt , '' he said slyly , calling me over to take a seat at the head of the dining room table . 
 i happily did as i was told and took a seat in the chair closest to where lysander stood . 
 `` i am going to show you how to direct the feelings of your victim to make him submissive . '' 
 a smile crept across my face . 
 this sounded like it could be fun . 
 lysander must have recognized my excitement . 
 he returned my smile , showing just a hint of teeth beneath his lips . 
 `` everyone , mortals and immortals alike , is susceptible to suggestion . 
 you can use this to your advantage by hypnotizing and relaxing them , making your victim more submissive and willing for you to take them . '' 
 the docile butcher from the night before suddenly made sense . 
 lysander must have done something like that to him . 
 `` how 's that possible ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` we are gifted with stronger minds than we had previously as mortals . 
 you 've already shown your powers are developing quickly . 
 your ability to sense the presence of others without seeing them is proof of that . 
 but that is only a small hint of what you will be capable of . 
 if you can concentrate and harness this new power , you can do much more with it . '' 
 up to now , my victims had all been criminals of some kind , and a kill was usually the result of me fighting with them , dragging them down in self-defense as i drained them of their life . 
 i was intrigued by the thought that i could make someone just want me to end their life . 
 i imagined a murderer throwing a knife to the ground and begging me to bite him . 
 a small giggle escaped me and i quickly covered my mouth with my hand to stifle it . 
 lysander continued , `` as your senses develop , you will easily be able recognize the feelings of those you come in contact with . 
 you can use that ability to know what they are feeling and then change it to match whatever you want them to feel . '' 
 he looked down at me . 
 his eyes met mine , probing me for understanding . 
 `` can you sense what i am feeling ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i sensed the warmth that seemed to join us , but never anything more . 
 i remembered feeling the sadness that came from lysander when he told me his story . 
 i 'd been looking into his eyes when i felt it . 
 it must be the eyes . 
 i tried to quiet my mind , focusing on him . 
 his eyes were hypnotic and powerful . 
 a rush of excitement took me over . 
 he was like my own personal greek god , statuesque and beautiful , the image of perfection with flawless features and those hypnotically beautiful eyes . 
 it had been the nicest perk of my immortality , that he was my maker . 
 i lost myself , staring into the deep gray pools of his eyes , admiring the blue flecks sparkling at me . 
 lysander was a perfect specimen of man . 
 i suddenly wanted to pull him close and feel his body next to mine . 
 i wanted to give in to my secret urge to be close to him . 
 we remained locked in this stare for a few moments , as i imagined feeling his lips on mine . 
 i shook my head , blinking a few times , realizing i was n't concentrating on my task . 
 focus ! 
 i need to focus ! 
 i can do this . 
 i blinked again before refocusing on lysander 's eyes . 
 `` fear , '' i whispered timidly . 
 it was a guess . 
 i could n't sense what he was feeling . 
 a tiny voice in my head whispered to me and urged me to pull him closer . 
 `` concentrate on my feelings , alyssa , not your own . 
 try again . '' 
 i took a deep breath before looking into lysander 's eyes again . 
 i found it hard to see past the feelings of desire for him . 
 i tried hard to quiet my nerves . 
 there was no silence in my head . 
 this need , this urge to be close to him , was all i felt . 
 it took a moment before i realized it must be coming from him as well . 
 my heart fluttered at the thought that he might want me too . 
 `` desire , '' i whispered . 
 `` good , '' lysander said calmly , showing no outward signs of his feelings . 
 `` that is the first step . 
 you will need to read the feelings of your intended victim . '' 
 i breathed a sigh of relief , happy i was able to perform the first part of this task . 
 `` next , you must create a very strong feeling in yourself . 
 you have to feel it if you 're going to make your victim feel it , '' lysander continued . 
 that does n't sound too hard . 
 `` when you have your strong feeling , you must will that feeling to your victim , so they feel it too . '' 
 a wicked grin crossed his face . 
 i knew he was about to do something to me , but i did n't know what it was . 
 `` now , imagine your victim feeling this as you attack . '' 
 he lifted his hand and brushed the side of my neck . 
 his touch caused my skin to pimple with gooseflesh . 
 he looked down into my eyes ; i felt the power of his stare intensify . 
 a gray haze filled my head , and i suddenly felt weightless in my seat . 
 my heart fluttered wildly , like a humming bird buzzing in my chest . 
 a feeling of want took me , an overwhelming need for him to be close to me . 
 i swooned , falling back into the chair . 
 i caught my balance just as lysander bent down eye level with me . 
 his hand knotted in my hair . 
 he gently pulled my head backwards . 
 hot breath grazed the sensitive skin on my neck as he drew closer ; it set my blood on fire . 
 i suddenly needed to touch him , to feel his body against my own . 
 i closed my eyes , exhaled slowly , and arched my neck towards him in anticipation . 
 i knew now what was coming . 
 i did n't want to struggle . 
 i wanted him to bite me , to take my blood , my essence , into him . 
 his lips parted on my skin , sending a shiver down my spine . 
 a sigh escaped my lips as his teeth pierced my skin -- a momentary pinch . 
 i whimpered but did n't struggle against him . 
 the sensual pull as he drew the life out of me quickly replaced the pain . 
 i wanted this . 
 i wanted to be taken -- to give all of myself to lysander . 
 whatever he wanted from me , he could have . 
 i would die in his arms if he only asked . 
 as quickly as he advanced , he finished his lesson , gently releasing me , letting me sink into the chair . 
 part of me wanted to cry out . 
 i wanted more of his kiss . 
 my body ached for his closeness . 
 lysander pulled away and sat himself down on the floor . 
 his eyes caught mine as i slowly regained control over my body . 
 we sat gazing at each other . 
 i wondered if he had shown me some of the real feelings simmering underneath his usually emotionless exterior . 
 it took a few minutes for me to completely recover from lysander 's advance . 
 i sat back up on the chair , breathing slowly , trying to calm my pounding heart . 
 `` now , alyssa , i want you to try that on me . 
 make me feel that same way , make me want to die in your arms . '' 
 i do n't know that i can do that . 
 his gaze had been so powerful and commanding . 
 he had taken control of me before i knew what was happening . 
 i did n't know if i would be able to match that intensity and control . 
 i breathed slowly and steadily , trying to center myself . 
 i needed to quiet my own yearning before i could gauge the emotions from lysander . 
 the lingering effects of his advance on me still took center stage in my mind . 
 i could n't deny the ache , the desire to touch him . 
 i wanted him . 
 i wanted to share myself with him . 
 i wanted to be close to him . 
 i slid off the chair and onto his lap , on the floor . 
 our eyes met , and i again felt the warmth , the connection between us . 
 i focused on his beautiful eyes , calling up any power i might have in myself . 
 i want you , i want all of you . 
 willing lysander to feel my need , i leaned in , pressing my lips to his . 
 he did n't reject me . 
 i want you , lysander . 
 his lips parted and our tongues collided , dancing together , playfully licking against sharp teeth as we explored one another 's mouths . 
 we locked in an embrace as new lovers on his dining room floor . 
 i savored the feeling of his lips -- so soft , like two silken pillows -- pressing against my own . 
 i willed my feelings on him , hoping they were strong enough for him to want me as i wanted him . 
 kissing was n't enough ; i needed a taste . 
 thirst nagged at me , and i needed blood to satiate it . 
 i broke from the kiss and ran my hands through his silky hair , gently pushing his head sideways , exposing his bare neck as i searched for the pulsing blue vein . 
 he shuddered as my teeth broke through the soft flesh of his neck . 
 his blood ; the tingling ecstasy , the warm , sweet , honey liquid flooded my mouth , and a dizzying rush of energy washed through me . 
 instinctively , as if i had been doing it my whole life , i willed lysander to share in this feeling . 
 a low , rumbling groan of pleasure came from him . 
 i drew his blood into me , slowly feeling my need for him increase . 
 i wanted to have him , all of him . 
 i willed that thought and feeling to lysander and drank him in deeply . 
 his arms surrounded me , tightening in an embrace , pulling me in close , silently telling me to take him . 
 a hard knot formed in his pants . 
 i felt it pressing against me as i sat in his lap . 
 warmth spread between my legs . 
 i reveled in the feel as he embraced me against him . 
 his heart beat in a slow , powerful rhythm , like a drum urging me to move and dance . 
 i ground into his hardness , matching the beat of his calling heart . 
 lysander 's chest vibrated against me as he let out another rumbling groan of pleasure . 
 his hands raked down my back . 
 pulling me in close , he forced my body to press harder and harder against him . 
 his hands sank lower down my back . 
 he squeezed and kneaded my ass as he guided the motion of my hips . 
 my head swam with pleasure as i drank in my fill . 
 my body flooded with energy . 
 i ached with need for more . 
 erotic images played in my mind . 
 i had not had the pleasure of a man in so long . 
 i needed to feel him inside of me . 
 i imagined him on top of me , taking me . 
 i willed him to see that image and feel that desire . 
 oh , god . 
 i need you lysander . 
 i released his neck . 
 lysander 's hand reached up , cradling the back of my head as his lips found mine . 
 in one fluid motion he rolled us over , laying me gently on the ground below him . 
 it was as if he had heard my thoughts . 
 i flushed with excitement , looking up into his eyes . 
 flames of passion burned brightly in the swirling twilight . 
 lysander blinked a few times . 
 his lusty gaze suddenly returned to a flat , emotionless expression as if someone had flicked on a light switch . 
 i silently cried out , what happened ? 
 `` that was a good try , alyssa , '' lysander said , as he rolled backward and sat against the wall . 
 `` if you can do something like that to your victims , they will have no reason to fight you or call for help ... '' there was a pause as he caught his breath before speaking again . 
 `` ... though there is really no need to take it that far . '' 
 was that all just my doing ? 
 did n't he feel the same way ? 
 what the hell just happened ? 
 blood and warmth rushed to my face . 
 my heart pounded hard in my chest . 
 `` i. . . 
 um ... well ... '' i did n't know what to say . 
 the desire i felt was so real , i thought he must have felt it too . 
 `` yeah . 
 right . 
 i 'll keep that in mind . '' 
 i got up and bolted to the bathroom to throw myself into a shower . 
 i was embarrassed , not knowing what to make of lysander 's words or actions . 
 he always remained hard and cold on the outside , but every so often , during the short time i had known him , a little glimmer of something could be seen below the surface . 
 chapter 12 * * * * * i took a long time in the shower , letting the warm water wash over me . 
 it was ecstasy against my cold skin . 
 i stood under the spout , soaking it all up . 
 i wanted to hide in the shower forever . 
 i could n't believe how i had acted with lysander . 
 our kiss had felt so real -- the desire , the passion -- but , in a matter of seconds his hard , cold exterior had returned as if nothing had ever happened . 
 this is n't me . 
 why did i kiss him ? 
 why did he kiss back ? 
 his words echoed in my head . 
 there is really no need to take it that far . 
 i wondered if the feelings i had felt from him were real or just a good bit of hypnosis . 
 i 'm so dumb . 
 i should have never kissed him . 
 he was just teaching me a lesson . 
 there were no real feelings there . 
 lysander does n't see me that way . 
 he does n't have real emotions . 
 i vowed not to speak of it to lysander again . 
 once the warmth had run out , i knew i could n't hide in the bathroom any longer . 
 stepping out of the shower , i took a towel and wrapped it around myself . 
 there was a hard knock at the front door . 
 the sudden noise startled me , and i almost dropped my towel . 
 i heard lysander 's footsteps and the creak of the door as he answered it . 
 a woman 's voice echoed from the foyer . 
 my heart skipped a beat . 
 oh , no , it 's kallisto , she 's found us ! 
 i pressed my ear hard to the door , attempting to catch a hint of what was happening . 
 `` ... it 's been ages , lysander , '' the woman said . 
 `` yes , much too long , '' lysander replied . 
 `` please , come inside . '' 
 thankfully , lysander sounded friendly and relaxed . 
 i took a calming breath . 
 even though i was unable to make out all of what was being said , i realized it was safe . 
 i wonder if this new guest is a vampire , like us . 
 i slipped into a pair of dark , boot-cut jeans . 
 how much of the immortal world has been out there right under my nose all this time ? 
 i was so eager to meet this new guest , i almost ripped my teal henley shirt as i thrust my hands through the armholes . 
 i tossed my hair into a loose ponytail and hurried to make myself look presentable . 
 by the time i 'd finished dressing and made it out to the hallway , lysander and this new woman were deep in conversation . 
 they did n't notice my entrance . 
 `` yes , california was beautiful , '' she said . 
 `` we picked up a new member , damon . 
 we 're hoping he and jessie will get along well . 
 she could use a mate to help calm down her wild streak . '' 
 `` i do n't believe i 've met this jessie , '' lysander said . 
 `` no , you would n't have . 
 she joined us about three years ago . '' 
 `` be careful not to grow your family too large , '' lysander warned . 
 i stood in the hallway listening and watching , trying to glean information about this woman in our home . 
 the strange woman was short , perhaps no more than five feet tall . 
 even in her thick-heeled sandals , she only came up to lysander 's shoulders . 
 she wore a bohemian-style , multicolored wrap skirt and a black tank top . 
 her neck was adorned with silver chains with crystal pendants , and her arms were decorated with large , colorful bangle bracelets . 
 she looked like a perfect gypsy , straight out of a renaissance festival . 
 from what i could tell , she and lysander were old friends . 
 a loving smile stretched across his face as he and the strange woman talked . 
 they spoke freely with one another , a drastic contrast to the anger and attitude lysander had displayed with edmond . 
 a small pang of jealousy nagged me as i watched them interact . 
 `` i understand you , too , have a new fledgling , '' the strange woman said . 
 lysander looked up , finally acknowledging me . 
 he waved for me to come over and join the conversation . 
 `` here she is now ... '' he pointed as the woman turned to greet me . 
 `` this is alyssa . '' 
 the woman was beautiful , a brunette with milky white skin . 
 her gorgeous blue-gray eyes sparkled at me as she gave me a small , delighted smile . 
 `` pleasure to meet you , alyssa . '' 
 her voice was soft , carrying hints of a long-faded english accent . 
 `` my name is rozaline . '' 
 she held a hand out to me in greeting . 
 `` nice to meet you , '' i said , a little too excitedly , while shaking her hand . 
 it was so good to meet another friendly vampire after our previous encounter with edmond . 
 `` rozaline is a member of the peregrinus clan , and a longtime friend of mine . '' 
 `` the peregrinus ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` who are they ? '' 
 `` travelers , '' said rozaline . 
 `` nomads , to put it simply . 
 we 're a family of wanderers . '' 
 lysander ushered us to the dining room table , continuing his chat with rozaline as if i were n't there . 
 it bothered me a little , watching lysander pay attention to rozaline . 
 his focus was solely on her . 
 he hung on her every word . 
 there was respect there , a reverence of some kind . 
 i could n't quite put my finger on it , but there was definitely a connection between these two . 
 jealousy threatened to flare up inside of me . 
 i fought against the wicked sensation . 
 the kiss still lingered in my mind . 
 i needed to shut it out so i could pay attention to what was being said . 
 she told lysander of her own encounters with kallisto 's coven and her recent travels . 
 i sat listening quietly , enthralled by the tales rozaline told of her travels . 
 we learned that kallisto had only just arrived here , having moved from california a few months ago and set up her home in the newly built high-rise towers near the north end of the strip . 
 her coven had grown to almost fifty , and she was busy sending her messengers all over the city to seek out local vampires and gain their allegiance . 
 `` she ca n't be serious . 
 in this day and age ... trying to control an entire city ! '' 
 lysander said . 
 `` she is one of the oldest among us , '' rozaline replied . 
 `` yes , old , '' lysander snapped . 
 `` but not very smart if she thinks she can bully a city into following her . '' 
 `` she commands a large coven . 
 her strength is in her numbers , and i 'm sure no one in this city wants to challenge her . 
 alone , she might be weak ; but as it stands , she has too many backing her . 
 and many lone vampires would rather join ranks with a coven of her caliber anyway . '' 
 `` large covens do n't work , and taking over a city -- that 's just ludicrous . '' 
 lysander 's voice rose sharply . 
 `` we are not meant to be a communal people to that degree . 
 the more we try to organize our kind , the more problems we create . '' 
 he stood up , shaking his head , and paced around the table . 
 `` look at what has happened every time a group has tried to control a city or grown too strong in ranks . 
 rome , paris , london -- none of these cities could ever support our kind in such large numbers . 
 if we are n't fighting amongst ourselves , we 're drawing too much attention from the human population . '' 
 i remembered lysander 's story , and how his coven had split so many times due to internal conflicts . 
 he slammed his fist down on the table , causing me to jump in my seat . 
 `` and what of the acta sanctorum ? 
 an amassing of immortals like this in one place has to have alerted them ! '' 
 rozaline sat stiffly in her seat . 
 lysander 's frustration , it seemed , put us all on edge . 
 `` the last i heard , they were recalled to rome . 
 the saints have n't been noticeably active lately . 
 in fact , we have n't heard news of any hunts at all this year . '' 
 lysander grimaced . 
 he spoke through clenched teeth . 
 `` that only means they are planning their next attack . '' 
 he reached up and pinched the bridge of his nose . 
 `` they have never been inactive for long without good reason , and i can guarantee , when they do finally attack , it will be big . '' 
 `` let 's hope for your sake that kallisto has n't brought too much attention to herself or this city , '' said rozaline . 
 `` you might be forced to move again . '' 
 i eagerly listened to the back-and-forth between these two immortals , a little confused about the connection between kallisto and the acta sanctorum . 
 `` my apologies , alyssa , '' rozaline said , halting her conversation with lysander . 
 `` you 're young . 
 you probably have no idea what we 're talking about . 
 do you know of the saints ? '' 
 `` not really . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` lysander 's only mentioned them briefly . '' 
 `` well , to start , '' rozaline said , `` they are a secret order of the roman catholic church . 
 they seek out and destroy anything that is deemed unnatural . 
 their church , as do most organized religions , feel we are all evil . 
 they are ruthless and use any method possible to locate and destroy us . '' 
 i shuddered . 
 her revelation was abrupt and shocking . 
 despite all of our strength , there was a group of humans out there that could destroy us . 
 lysander had made it sound like we were relatively safe from humans . 
 rozaline leaned in close , crossing her legs under the table . 
 `` we think they started sometime around the 14th or 15th century . 
 rome 's church started a crusade against the unnatural , as they called us , and began forming groups to hunt us down . 
 they quickly learned of our weakness to sunlight and fire , using those methods to destroy us . 
 our homes came under attack in the daylight . 
 they set them ablaze in an effort to get rid of us . 
 eventually , they learned that fire alone would n't kill us if we were able to put it out before it engulfed us . 
 they began dismembering the remains of any bodies left over from the fires they set . 
 they studied us to learn all they could about our kind . '' 
 i cringed . 
 `` remember , we are considered monsters to them , '' lysander added as he sat back down . 
 he crossed his arms in front of his chest and leaned back into the chair . 
 `` and that 's not the end of it . '' 
 rozaline 's voice became low and serious . 
 `` rome realized long ago that in order to successfully fight a vampire , one must be a vampire . 
 our weaknesses are few and hard to exploit . 
 most mortals lack the strength and ability to subdue us . 
 those that manage to attack us do so with great skill , meticulously planning their strategies . 
 but simply attacking our homes during the day is n't always enough to get rid of us . 
 rome recognized quite a few centuries ago that to eradicate us , they needed to fight us on the same level . '' 
 `` but wait , '' i held up a hand to stop her . 
 `` if immortal creatures are condemned by the church , how could they use them to fight us ? '' 
 `` keep your friends close and your enemies closer , '' rozaline scoffed . 
 `` rome makes its own rules . 
 i 'm sure those willing to sacrifice their lives for the greater good are told they will be guaranteed pardons in heaven . 
 so long as they do the church 's bidding . '' 
 `` so there are vampires hunting vampires , '' i said , shocked by the revelation . 
 `` a few . 
 rome would n't be stupid enough to have more than they could handle , '' said rozaline . 
 `` but we kill to survive . 
 the church could n't condone that , '' i said . 
 `` no doubt they starve themselves on the blood of animals until they catch one of us . '' 
 she pointed to herself . 
 `` we are their rewards for a job well done . 
 they feast on immortal blood . '' 
 the room fell silent . 
 i bit my lip , almost piercing it with my fang . 
 i realized that anyone could be my enemy ; between vampire covens and saints , i was n't sure who , if anyone , i should trust . 
 `` remember this , alyssa , '' rozaline cautioned , breaking the silence . 
 `` if they do n't know you 're here , they wo n't hunt you . 
 keep your profile low , and they will have no reason to attack . '' 
 `` if there were no covens , we would have less to worry about , '' lysander added . 
 `` it 's much harder to track down and destroy an individual immortal than it is a whole group of them , parading themselves around publicly like kallisto 's group is doing . '' 
 `` speaking of groups , lysander . '' 
 rozaline spoke again with a hint of anxiety in her voice . 
 `` as i mentioned when i called earlier this week , the peregrinus will only be in town for a short while , and we need shelter for a few days . 
 is it possible for us to stay with you ? '' 
 her timing was terrible . 
 all of this talk of not giving away your home location and keeping a low profile ; now she 's asking to bring her whole group to stay with us ? 
 `` of course , '' lysander said , without giving it a second thought . 
 `` i have two other bedrooms -- although they are unfurnished -- that are at your clan 's disposal . '' 
 what ? 
 no . 
 what if the acta guys are following them ? 
 i shot lysander a worried look , but he paid me no attention . 
 i could n't understand how he could just let some strange group of vampires stay here after the conversation we 'd just had . 
 `` what of the windows ? 
 are they covered ? 
 is there some form of light protection in there ? '' 
 who cares about windows ? 
 what about the coven , kallisto , and the saints ? 
 lysander got up from the table . 
 with a wave of his hand , he suggested we follow him to the hallway . 
 `` yes , all of my windows have uv tinting film on them and blackout curtains . 
 you will be well protected from the sun 's light . 
 come and have a look . '' 
 rozaline followed , remaining close to him . 
 i chose not to go with them as they disappeared into the spare bedrooms . 
 i did n't like the idea of strangers in this house , and this woman was preparing to bring her whole clan here . 
 `` this is a bad idea , '' i said under my breath . 
 when they returned from their short tour of the house , rozaline left us to gather her clan . 
 `` i 'll return with them before dawn . '' 
 `` wonderful . 
 that will give us time to hunt . '' 
 lysander waved goodbye to rozaline . 
 i saw this as a perfect opportunity to have some alone time for myself . 
 `` why do n't i go out tonight ... by myself ? 
 you can fix up the house for the clan 's arrival while i 'm gone . '' 
 i was still a bit embarrassed about what happened earlier and did n't want to be alone with lysander . 
 `` you 're not ready to hunt alone , '' he said dismissively . 
 i sighed . 
 you have to let me off the leash sometime . 
 `` i 'm ready to hunt without someone looking over my shoulder . '' 
 `` we do n't have time to argue about this tonight . 
 rozaline and the rest of her clan will return soon . 
 we can leave this fight for another time . '' 
 `` i do n't understand why you 're letting rozaline 's whole group stay here . 
 did n't you just say we have to keep a low profile ? 
 how are we supposed to do this with a huge group of vampires running in and out of this house ? '' 
 `` do n't worry about the peregrinus . 
 they will not be a problem . '' 
 `` how can you be so sure ? '' 
 `` must you constantly question my judgment ? 
 i trust rozaline . 
 that is all you need to know . '' 
 `` but what about the rest of her group ? 
 do you trust them too ? 
 how do you know one of them wo n't do something stupid , or bring those acting sanctorum people here ? '' 
 `` the peregrinus and i have a longstanding history . 
 and they would no sooner bring the acta sanctorum here than i would . 
 i worry more about you alerting them than rozaline and her family doing so . '' 
 heat rose to my face . 
 this was clearly a losing battle . 
 i groaned and threw my hands up in frustration . 
 obviously , my opinion does n't matter here . 
 `` i need some space , okay ? 
 just let me hunt alone tonight . '' 
 `` alyssa , i said no . 
 not tonight . 
 you will either hunt with me , or you will starve . 
 make your choice . '' 
 `` fine . 
 let 's go before they come back , '' i grumbled . 
 i better not have to spend the rest of my immortality being treated like a child . 
 reluctantly , i left with lysander . 
 i tried to focus my efforts on the hunt and use my new skills , but there were too many thoughts running through my mind . 
 no matter how much i tried to shut it out , i kept thinking of the kiss . 
 even though i was frustrated by how lysander was treating me , there was still an attraction there . 
 every time i looked at him , i thought about the softness of his lips . 
 needless to say , my hunting trip that night was n't much of a success . 
 we had only just arrived back at lysander 's house when rozaline returned with five others . 
 `` alyssa , allow me to introduce the peregrinus to you , '' she said happily . 
 they looked like a scruffy band of misfits . 
 i wondered how long it had been since their last shower . 
 they all were in need of serious grooming . 
 they filed one by one out of a big , dirty rv , smiling and holding out a hand in friendship , and introducing themselves as they passed me . 
 nicholas passed me first . 
 he was a man of average height , perhaps no taller than five foot nine . 
 rozaline introduced him to me as her mate . 
 he had a weathered , mountain man look to him ; dark brown wavy hair -- matted from lack of grooming . 
 he had a prominent nose , and his chin was cleft and almost hidden by a permanent five o’clock shadow . 
 lysander stepped out in front of me to greet him . 
 `` old friend , how are you ? '' 
 he embraced nicholas , patting him hard on the back . 
 `` tired , and in need of a shower , '' nicholas said . 
 `` it 's been a long drive . '' 
 `` yes , you could do with a shower , '' lysander joked , `` but first let me introduce you to alyssa . '' 
 nicholas looked to me with tired eyes . 
 `` nicholas is one of the founders of this clan , '' lysander said enthusiastically . 
 it was the most excitement i had seen from lysander since i 'd met him . 
 i guessed these two men were old buddies . 
 `` nice to meet you , nick , '' i said feigning interest . 
 lysander 's excitement was n't enough to change my mind . 
 after all that i had heard about the saints , from rozaline , i did n't want any of these strangers here . 
 `` i prefer , nicholas , '' he said gruffly . 
 `` sorry , nicholas . '' 
 great , he 's a jerk . 
 i hope they do n't stay long . 
 `` do n't mind him , '' rozaline interrupted . 
 `` we have n't hunted in a few days . 
 his attitude will change once he is cleaned and has had a chance to feed . '' 
 nicholas shuffled past me into the house . 
 jessie greeted me next . 
 she was tall , unlike rozaline , with chestnut-brown hair . 
 she had a muscular , athletic build , appearing to be in her early twenties . 
 as she passed me , she mumbled a hello , keeping her eyes on the ground as she walked . 
 crystal enthusiastically thanked me as she approached . 
 `` it is so wonderful of you to allow us to stay here . '' 
 do n't thank me . 
 if it were up to me , you guys would be staying in that beat-up old rv . 
 i do n't want any strangers in my new home . 
 crystal smiled so genuinely , i could not ruin her mood with my annoyance . 
 i forced a smile and accepted her hand in friendship . 
 like rozaline , she was also a short woman . 
 her hair was a thick cascade of wavy , brown locks falling just below the center of her back . 
 she wore a beautiful crimson tank top with lace trim and a black floor-length skirt . 
 crystal 's mate was an extremely tall man who towered over me as he approached to make his greeting . 
 he offered the same shaggy , weathered appearance as nicholas ; however , his hair was sandy-brown with hints of gold . 
 he wore a plain brown t-shirt , blue jeans , and boots . 
 `` nice to meet you , alyssa , '' he greeted , looking down at me and smiling . 
 `` i 'm andrew , but you can call me drew . '' 
 `` nice to meet you too . '' 
 my annoyance faded . 
 they did seem like they could be interesting people . 
 still , the worry of rozaline 's warning and the threat of the acta sanctorum kept me wary of any strangers . 
 last , there was damon , a large , muscular man who could have probably been a bouncer in any club in vegas . 
 you would have never known he was a vampire . 
 dark skin masked his true self so well that only his eyes could give him away to a passerby . 
 those pale gray-blue vampire eyes were a complete abnormality next to his dark-brown skin . 
 he filled the entire doorway as he approached me . 
 `` hey , '' he said , giving me a quick nod and a smile . 
 we were now eight in this small , three-bedroom house and one would have laughed to see such a band of misfits all in one place . 
 rozaline assured us that they would only stick around for a few days and would n't be a bother . 
 they just needed shelter and a few warm showers before heading off to their next destination . 
 chapter 13 * * * * * the first night after the arrival of the peregrinus , i found myself not wanting to leave the comfort of lysander 's bed . 
 the newcomers seemed friendly enough , but they were strange to me , and i was n't ready to start socializing with them . 
 i lay awake , staring up at the old popcorn ceiling , wondering how i was going to deal with this new challenge . 
 my life had been completely turned upside down in the span of a week and my head was still spinning from all of the changes . 
 before i had met lysander , i had been blissfully unaware that vampires existed and had no clue that kallisto and her coven were trying to take over the city . 
 i had n't known , nor cared , who the acta sanctorum were . 
 and , most of all , i had nothing to stop me from going out alone at night . 
 lysander tossed and turned a bit , as he normally did just before rising . 
 i tried not to make a sound , hoping he too would leave me alone . 
 he rolled close to me , raising his hand to gently stroke my cheek . 
 i allowed myself to look at him . 
 his face looked so angelic among the soft sheets . 
 i remembered our kiss , wondering again what had caused him to stop so abruptly . 
 i gazed into his eyes , probing him silently for some echo of the emotion he had showed me the night before , but there was nothing . 
 sitting up quickly , i looked away towards the dark curtains , not wanting to show lysander the disappointment in my eyes . 
 i heard the sounds of others moving around in the house . 
 there would be no chance for more personal time with lysander while strangers were around . 
 `` do n't be afraid of them , '' he said softly . 
 `` i 'm not afraid , '' i said , looking back into his angelic face . 
 `` i 'm just not ready to deal with them . '' 
 i wish i could know what he is thinking , what is behind those gorgeous eyes . 
 `` go out and meet them , get to know them . 
 they are good people , '' he urged . 
 `` maybe after i hunt . '' 
 `` you 're hungry already ? '' 
 lysander asked as he sat up . 
 the bed sheets fell down to his waist , exposing his gorgeous , muscular chest . 
 `` i will be soon , '' i said , trying to hide my admiring smile . 
 `` wonderful . 
 we will get an early start tonight . '' 
 i softened my approach and spoke cautiously . 
 `` perhaps i could go out for a little by myself . 
 i would only be gone for a little while . '' 
 i felt a little distance between myself and this house might help me clear my head a bit . 
 `` no . '' 
 just like the night before , his answer was instantaneous . 
 `` and why not ? '' 
 i found myself snapping back at him . 
 i hated that i was not allowed to leave the house without his permission . 
 `` no , '' he said again , with a measured note of anger this time . 
 `` no , that 's it , '' i said coldly , throwing my hands into the air . 
 `` you tell me i need to learn to accept what i am . 
 i need to hunt and feed on my own . 
 how am i to learn if you wo n't let me try ? 
 how am i to survive on my own if you do n't let me go ? '' 
 i could tell my words had struck a chord with him , but his expression was n't angry ; there was pain in his eyes . 
 was it the fact that i pushed for some freedom , or the fact that i wanted freedom that bothered him ? 
 whatever it was , lysander did n't appear pleased with my choice of words . 
 `` you 've only been immortal a week and still know nothing of what you are . 
 i will not have you parading around the city causing attention to come to us . 
 there are too many dangers out there for a young vampire like yourself . '' 
 `` i 'm capable of taking care of myself , you know . '' 
 i glared at him angrily , crossing my arms in front of my chest . 
 `` oh ? 
 you can care for yourself , can you ? '' 
 he asked , his tone painfully condescending . 
 `` that 's why i found you beaten and nearly raped back there at the college . 
 you took care of yourself pretty well that night , did n't you ? '' 
 that was a low blow , but i was n't about to let lysander guilt me . 
 i gritted my teeth , trying to bite back the anger in my voice . 
 `` you ca n't keep me leashed to this house or you , lysander . '' 
 whoops . 
 i said that a little louder than i had planned . 
 `` i need some breathing room . '' 
 for a moment there was silence . 
 lysander took a deep breath before speaking . 
 `` you obviously do n't see , or ca n't comprehend , that i am trying to protect you . '' 
 his anger was beginning to show as the volume of his voice rose . 
 `` protect me ! '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` you 're protecting me from what ? 
 myself ? '' 
 my words became shouts . 
 i had no doubt anyone in the house could hear our argument now . 
 `` you seem to have forgotten about our little issue with the coven . '' 
 his gaze dared me to challenge him further . 
 `` if you were so worried about the coven you 'd have done something already , '' i snapped at him . 
 my fists balled up in anger . 
 `` if they 're so scary , why let me out of the house at all ? 
 why do n't you bring me my dinner , then ? '' 
 `` you are an arrogant little child , and you do n't deserve the life i gave you . '' 
 his words hit me hard . 
 arrogant little child . 
 i knew better than to keep pushing , but anger got the better of me . 
 i 'll show him arrogant . 
 `` oh , yes . 
 thank you , lysander , for turning me into a goddamned blood-sucking monster . 
 is that what you want ? 
 thanks for ruining my life ? '' 
 he sat silently for a moment , his eyes shooting daggers at me . 
 i turned my head , avoiding his angry glare . 
 `` if you 're unhappy with this life , i can easily remedy that . '' 
 maybe i went a little too far . 
 i gulped . 
 `` no , i do n't want to die , if that 's what you 're threatening . '' 
 `` i 'm not threatening . 
 i 'm giving you a solution to your problem . '' 
 his voice was a cold monotone . 
 `` i never said i wanted death . 
 what i want is freedom . '' 
 i softened my voice again . 
 `` you want me to learn to live the life i have now , but you wo n't let me do it myself . 
 just because kallisto 's coven is out there , i ca n't hunt -- '' `` no ! 
 it is because you are a selfish , ungrateful little whelp . 
 perhaps when you grow up , i will allow you some freedom . 
 you do n't seem to have the maturity to handle that at this moment . '' 
 his words stung . 
 i had never been called selfish before . 
 i knew he did n't understand my basic need for freedom . 
 i just needed to be alone for a while , to clear my head and accept everything . 
 `` how dare you ! '' 
 again i spoke before thinking . 
 `` i ask a simple thing . 
 to hunt and return back to the house alone , and you insult me . '' 
 `` you will not go out alone , '' he barked at me . 
 `` and i will have no more discussion of this . '' 
 i did n't respond . 
 i leaped out of bed and headed for the door , slamming it hard as i left his room . 
 i went outside to the back patio , hoping for a little peace and quiet . 
 the silence and cool night breeze welcomed me . 
 the patio and backyard continued the modest theme that i 'd found all over lysander 's home . 
 it was a simple slab of concrete , covered with a cream-colored aluminum pergola . 
 the yard itself was basic rock , a desert landscape with two pine trees anchoring each end . 
 on the patio was a frosted glass table and chairs with a weathered black futon set against the wall . 
 i took a spot on the futon . 
 resting my head on the cushion , i looked up through the open slats of the pergola at the twinkling stars . 
 noises could still be heard from inside of the house . 
 rozaline and nicholas were sitting in the living room just on the other side of the sliding glass door . 
 they were deep in conversation , sharing information regarding the goings-on in the city . 
 with my supernatural hearing , the sounds of the news on tv and the rustle of newspapers could be heard easily through the walls . 
 a few of the clan still rested in the back bedroom . 
 i saw faint shadows moving across the shaded window . 
 i tried to enjoy the peace and quiet on the patio , but as i looked up at the stars , my thoughts turned to my old life and my favorite café . 
 i wanted nothing more than to sit on my comfy couch and listen to the endless stream of bad poetry just one more time . 
 lysander would never allow that . 
 i was dead to that world now . 
 i wanted to hate lysander for how he was treating me . 
 i felt like a prisoner in this house . 
 i was n't even allowed out unsupervised . 
 i may be alive , but what kind of life is this ? 
 i have no freedom . 
 i wondered if anybody missed me . 
 has the manager of the café noticed i was n't around anymore ? 
 had any of my friends found it odd that i was n't there ? 
 in the week since my transformation , everything had changed , and i was no longer able to enjoy the simple pleasures of my old daily life . 
 a tear streamed down my face . 
 i felt like i had lost all control of my life . 
 it was an insult to my pride that i was trapped here . 
 i struggled with the paradox . 
 up to this point , i had done what i wanted and gone where i wanted . 
 all because of one unfortunate night , i was now under the rule of someone else . 
 this must be some form of cruel penance for my years of careless freedom . 
 emotion came flooding to the surface . 
 everything had happened so quickly , and i had n't allowed myself time to properly grieve for the loss of my life , my friends , and my independence . 
 `` i miss them , '' i sobbed to myself . 
 i wanted to see my friend fallon and tell her what had happened to me . 
 if she had n't left me alone that night , my life would n't have changed . 
 i would n't be this thing . 
 i would n't be here , a prisoner in lysander 's home . 
 i needed the comfort of my familiar surroundings . 
 i missed the stale smell of cigarettes and coffee . 
 would fallon even understand if i told her ? 
 could she ? 
 vampires are works of fiction , not walking , talking people . 
 i tried to think of ways i could tell her what i was without her thinking i was a cold-blooded killer . 
 if i ever see her again , can i make her understand the fact that blood keeps me alive ? 
 that i must feed every night , and because of that , i choose to feed from those who do harm to others ? 
 even to myself , it sounded stupid . 
 i sounded like some form of bastardized superhero . 
 there was no use . 
 i was not meant to deal with humans or society as an equal anymore . 
 no matter how i thought about it , i knew there was no way she could accept it . 
 i had hardly accepted it . 
 how could i still maintain a mortal friendship , being what i was ? 
 she would shun me , ask me how many i had killed , and secretly wonder if i would look to her for food . 
 if she did n't run away screaming in terror , she might want to be turned , too , and i could n't pass this thing on to another person . 
 i 'm damned now , only able to associate with those of my kind , if they will accept me . 
 the tears kept streaming down my face . 
 i wiped them as they hit my cheek , noticing they had a faint brownish tinge to them . 
 blood . 
 i could do nothing anymore without blood . 
 i cursed it . 
 i do n't want to be this thing . 
 i do n't want blood . 
 i want to be normal again ! 
 `` why did fallon have to ditch me that night ? '' 
 i sobbed . 
 the sliding glass door opened , and i heard the footsteps of someone coming outside . 
 i quickly folded my arms around my knees and lowered my head down so my face could not be seen . 
 `` there you are , '' crystal said . 
 `` i was wondering where you had gone . '' 
 `` i just want to be alone . '' 
 i did n't want to look up and show my tears to this strange woman . 
 `` it 's okay , alyssa , '' she said . 
 her voice was so calm and soothing . 
 `` you 're young , are n't you ? 
 when were you turned ? '' 
 `` a week ago , '' i sobbed , hiding my face in my knees . 
 crystal sat down next to me and put her arm around me . 
 `` poor thing , and all you have is grumpy old lysander to help you through this . '' 
 i chuckled through my tears at the sound of it . 
 grumpy old lysander . 
 i had not heard anyone describe him in such a way , but after the argument i just had , it did seem to fit . 
 `` i feel so out of control . '' 
 `` i know , it 's hard at first . 
 you give up a lot sometimes . 
 but you must remember , immortality is a gift . '' 
 `` but i did n't ask for this . '' 
 my sobs grew louder . 
 crystal pulled me in close . 
 i leaned in , still covering my face with my crossed arms . 
 `` life does n't always play out the way we plan it . 
 that 's what makes it such a great adventure . 
 you never know what is around the next corner . '' 
 i tried to stifle the sounds of my sniffles . 
 `` tell me something , '' crystal asked . 
 `` if you were still mortal , what would you be doing right now ? '' 
 i did n't need to think about it . 
 the answer came out as quickly as she had asked it . 
 `` i would be at the café , waiting to meet my friend fallon , like i do every night . '' 
 `` ah ! 
 you see , you would have done the same old thing you always do . 
 where is the adventure in that ? '' 
 i had n't considered that i had been living in a bit of a rut of work , college , café , and friends . 
 i had become a bit stagnant in my daily life . 
 it still did n't stop me from missing my friends or the comforts of home . 
 `` but my friends ... '' `` there is no doubt that you had the best of friends . 
 we all did . 
 the start of any new journey is usually met with sadness for the things and people we will miss . 
 take comfort that they are still out there , alive and well . 
 at some point , when you 're more at ease with yourself and what you have become , you may be able to see them again . 
 you 're in a hard transition right now . 
 it will take time to separate your old life and your new one . 
 you have to concentrate on becoming more comfortable with the new you , right now . '' 
 she leaned her head to my shoulder and stroked my hair slowly . 
 `` perhaps our arrival here was perfectly timed . 
 you look like you 're in desperate need of some fun and excitement . 
 how would you like to go out with me tonight ? '' 
 i lifted my head and wiped my tear-stained face . 
 the idea of getting away from the house was tempting , but i doubted lysander would allow it . 
 `` we can go without lysander , '' she said , as if she had read my thoughts . 
 `` i 'll have a word with him . '' 
 `` yeah , sure , let 's get out of here . '' 
 chapter 14 * * * * * i did my best to wipe my face clean of tears before entering the house . 
 the last thing i wanted was for anyone , especially lysander , to see that i 'd been crying . 
 i rushed inside and made my way to the bathroom . 
 crystal followed close behind . 
 i grimaced at the reflection staring back at me in the mirror . 
 bloody trails of tears marked my pale face . 
 `` let 's get you cleaned up , and we 'll have a girls ' night out on the town . 
 do you have anything else to wear ? '' 
 crystal asked . 
 i looked down at my linen pants and pink camisole . 
 `` um , no . 
 i do n't really have much here . 
 lysander tried to collect some of my things after ... '' `` not to worry , '' she said with a mischievous smile . 
 `` i think i might have something sexy that will fit you . '' 
 crystal disappeared and returned quickly holding a silky blue and purple swirl-patterned halter top and a very short , pleated black miniskirt . 
 `` wow ... um , thanks ! '' 
 crystal winked , handing over the clothes to me . 
 i tied the halter top at the back of my neck . 
 i felt a little awkward . 
 i almost never wore skimpy clothes like this . 
 crystal 's hand brushed against my tattoo as she helped me tie the lower portion of the halter at my mid-back . 
 `` what a beautiful butterfly , '' she said , running her finger over the tribal design . 
 `` oh , thanks . 
 i forget it 's there sometimes . '' 
 `` is it symbolic of anything ? '' 
 `` yeah , freedom . '' 
 i turned to look at her . 
 `` you know , a butterfly has to break free of its cocoon before it can fly . 
 that kind of thing . '' 
 `` then you should do the same . 
 break free of the weight of your old life and learn to fly with the new opportunities you have been given . '' 
 i gave crystal an understanding smile . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 `` now , if we 're going to be around people , we need to look the part , '' crystal said , grabbing a makeup compact out of a small black bag sitting on the counter . 
 `` best not to attract any more attention than you 'll already get , wearing this outfit . '' 
 she gave me a quick wink and brushed powder on my face with a short , fat kabuki brush . 
 jessie walked by the bathroom . 
 crystal spoke without turning to look at her . 
 `` care to join us ? '' 
 she asked , smiling as she held up the compact of face powder . 
 `` uh , sure , '' jessie said slowly with a hint of unease , as if she questioned our motives . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 `` we 're going to take alyssa out for a night of fun . '' 
 jessie hesitated before responding , `` yeah , all right . 
 sure . 
 i 'll go , too . '' 
 she took a few steps down the hallway , disappearing out of view . 
 her voice trailed behind her . 
 `` give me a bit of time to get ready , okay ? '' 
 `` sure thing , '' crystal cheerfully replied , and continued applying the powder to my face . 
 `` jessie is young , too , you know . 
 she 's only been with us for a couple of years . '' 
 `` and what about you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i realized the question sounded rude about two seconds after the words escaped from my mouth . 
 thankfully , crystal did n't seem to take offense . 
 she continued with my makeover without missing a beat . 
 `` oh , i 've been around for a little longer , '' she said , reaching for a tube of lipstick . 
 `` my husband , andrew , and i were turned a few hundred years ago . 
 we gave rozaline and nicholas shelter once in our home . '' 
 `` you let vampires into your home when you were human ? '' 
 `` well , we did n't know it at the time . '' 
 she chuckled , and held my chin to steady my face while she applied the deep red lipstick . 
 `` they claimed to be lost travelers in need of shelter . 
 we befriended them , and they turned us , offering us the opportunity to explore the world with them . '' 
 `` wow , that 's pretty cool , i guess . 
 speaking of your husband , he wo n't mind you going out tonight without him , will he ? '' 
 `` no , of course not , alyssa . 
 why would he mind ? '' 
 she gave me a quizzical look before returning to her makeup bag . 
 she dug through the contents , setting aside various containers . 
 i blotted the dark red lipstick with a tissue while her back was turned . 
 `` most guys do n't want their women going out dressed like this , without them . '' 
 `` not to worry , alyssa . '' 
 she chuckled again . 
 she turned and faced me , armed with a dark brown eye pencil . 
 `` our marriage has seen the centuries turn . 
 we are well beyond the simple and juvenile ideals of man and wife . 
 we are partners and choose to remain partners without limitations on what each can and can not do . 
 i must say i do get a laugh at the modern concept of marriage . 
 most people ca n't make it five years , let alone five hundred . '' 
 she finished my makeup and picked up a brush and comb . 
 i watched her reflection in the mirror as she slowly pulled the brush through my hair . 
 she appeared to be enjoying each stroke , smiling serenely , like a mother doting on her small child . 
 i was happy to be sitting there with her , and wondered why i had been so opposed to them staying with us in the first place . 
 i never imagined that immortals , vampires no less , could be so kind . 
 she worked my hair into a tight , high ponytail , leaving a few choice strands to hang by my face . 
 when she was finished i stood up , admiring myself in the mirror , pleasantly surprised at the reflection staring back at me . 
 i 'm me again . 
 it was like she had given new life to my dead , blue-gray eyes . 
 my face no longer appeared pale . 
 thanks to the makeup , it again carried a light peach tint with soft hints of rose at my cheeks . 
 `` acceptable ? '' 
 crystal asked , with a questioning look . 
 i turned back towards her with a smile so wide i was sure it reached my ears . 
 `` i look like my old self again . 
 thank you so much . '' 
 i threw my arms around her in a quick embrace . 
 lysander appeared at the doorway to the bathroom . 
 `` alyssa , i ... '' he looked momentarily stunned . 
 his eyes grew wide as he stared at me . 
 `` you look ... '' i smiled coyly . 
 `` lysander , can i have a word ? '' 
 crystal asked . 
 lysander seemed unable , or unwilling , to look away from me . 
 `` uh , words . 
 yes . 
 what do you need , alyssa , i mean , crystal ? '' 
 `` i 'd like to take alyssa out tonight . '' 
 i enjoyed the way he stared . 
 i caught a hint of desire in his beautiful eyes and savored it for a moment , before winking flirtatiously and turning away . 
 `` lysander , did you hear me ? '' 
 crystal asked . 
 `` i 'd like to take alyssa with me tonight . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 he blinked and turned to crystal . 
 `` no . 
 i do n't think that is a good idea . '' 
 great , here he goes again . 
 my smile faded . 
 `` she is young and inexperienced . 
 i do n't want her going out without me . '' 
 crystal laughed and patted lysander on the shoulder . 
 `` nonsense . 
 you act as if i have not sired before . 
 she will be perfectly safe with me . 
 i 'll make sure she does n't get into any trouble . '' 
 `` she is my charge , not yours . '' 
 `` and smothering her will not teach her anything . '' 
 crystal 's voice remained calm and firm as she spoke . 
 `` she must have freedom to develop . '' 
 lysander 's eyes flashed from crystal 's to mine and met my pleading , hopeful gaze with a stern look . 
 he took a slow , deep breath , and then reached up and pinched the bridge of his nose . 
 `` fine , '' he huffed . 
 go . '' 
 i bit my lip , trying to hide my excitement . 
 i wanted to squeal like a teenage girl , but i could n't let lysander see that . 
 he turned around quickly and disappeared from view . 
 i heard the bedroom door at the end of the hall slam . 
 i knew lysander was mad at being forced to go against his will by crystal , and i did n't care . 
 i was happy to be able to leave , even if it was just for one night . 
 i wanted a little fun . 
 crystal quickly readied herself , and the three of us , jessie , crystal , and i , set out for our girls ' night . 
 we took lysander 's jeep to get us from the suburbs into the heart of the city . 
 crystal drove us around while i pointed out various clubs . 
 the drive took forever , as none of us could agree on a place to stop . 
 finally , we found a small club located just off the main strip . 
 a bright neon sign flashed , and a large crowd queued at the door . 
 `` what a wonderful-sounding place . 
 ` the drink . ' 
 do n't mind if i do . '' 
 jessie 's excitement was a little unnerving . 
 until she said this , i had almost forgotten that i was in a car filled with vampires . 
 her desire to drink meant some poor soul probably would n't be going home tonight . 
 that thought reminded me that it had been a little while since i last hunted . 
 thankfully , the beast was calm ; but i knew i would have to be on guard , careful to not give in while surrounded by so many people . 
 we parked and headed towards the end of the line , which stretched around the corner , almost to the back of the building . 
 gentlemen waiting in the line did n't hide their lustful gazes as we sauntered towards them . 
 i could almost feel their eyes undressing me as i stood there . 
 my nerves got the better of me . 
 i remembered lysander 's advice and breathed through my mouth . 
 i did n't want to allow the beast inside to ruin my night of fun . 
 jessie wasted no time , walking up to one of the ogling men . 
 he was a tall , skinny man dressed in a royal blue button-down shirt and black slacks . 
 she started up a conversation with him and within moments , they walked around the back of the building and disappeared . 
 `` where is she going ? '' 
 i whispered to crystal . 
 `` do i really have to tell you ? '' 
 her eyebrow rose slightly and her lips pulled up into a toothy grin . 
 `` oh , that . '' 
 guess we do n't all hunt criminals . 
 we waited at the end of the line for jessie to return . 
 there was no sound of a struggle or any indication of what she was doing . 
 only crystal and i knew the truth . 
 jessie returned a few moments later , wobbling a bit , looking a little drunk . 
 her hair was slightly askew . 
 she appeared to be counting out dollar bills . 
 jessie giggled and tossed aside what looked like a man 's wallet . 
 `` only a hundred on that guy . '' 
 she smiled as if nothing sinister had just taken place . 
 `` did you just ... rob him ? '' 
 i asked in shock . 
 `` well , he was n't going to need the money anymore , '' jessie snapped at me , pocketing the small wad of cash . 
 `` we need money , too . 
 we 're not all rich elders , you know . '' 
 i had n't thought about money , but it did make sense . 
 we might not need food and drink , but we still needed clothing and shelter , and those did n't come free . 
 lysander had not given me a reason , yet , to need money . 
 in fact , he had not even mentioned it to me over the course of the last week . 
 `` she meant no harm , jessie , '' crystal cautioned . 
 i gulped down my revulsion . 
 `` no , i 'm not judging or anything . 
 i was just surprised . 
 i just did n't think of that . 
 sorry . '' 
 i hoped i sounded convincing enough . 
 need or not , i could n't believe she 'd just attacked , killed , and robbed a guy while we stood in line for the club . 
 what was worse , was the fact that i was already feeling the small pangs of my own hunger . 
 all it took was the thought of blood to awaken the beast . 
 `` okay , whatever , it 's fine . '' 
 jessie ran her hands through her hair , smoothing out the pieces that had been disturbed while she had fed . 
 `` listen up , '' she added smartly , `` a frat guy waiting on line for a club usually has cash on him so he can buy drinks for ladies . 
 target them and you could get a couple hundred easy . '' 
 she spoke so nonchalantly about killing a man and robbing him of his money . 
 what she was doing made sense , but the complete disregard for the person she 'd just killed made my stomach turn . 
 at that moment she embodied the monster i was afraid of becoming . 
 i worried that jessie might sense my feelings . 
 i nodded and forced a smile on my face , trying hard to hide my revulsion . 
 `` uh , let 's try and see if we can bypass this line , '' i said , trying to change the subject . 
 `` let 's head to the front of the line and see if we can get in without the wait . '' 
 we sashayed to the front door . 
 all it took was a little flirty smile and the burly bouncer opened the velvet rope . 
 he smiled , waved his hand , and told us to go inside , ignoring the complaints of the angry people waiting in line . 
 wow , it worked . 
 just like in the movies . 
 eyes from all over the black-lit room zeroed in on us as we walked towards the dance floor . 
 men turned and stared . 
 women gave us the evil eye . 
 i allowed myself to breathe in the tantalizing smell of humans all around me . 
 i momentarily lost the mental hold on the beast inside . 
 pheromones , sweat , and hundreds of perfumes filled my nostrils . 
 damn , this place smells so good . 
 shit , why did n't i hunt earlier ? 
 okay , breathe through your mouth , alyssa . 
 do n't mess this up . 
 these are all innocents in here . 
 a syncopated bass beat thumped in my body like a second heartbeat , commanding me to move . 
 i loved the feeling . 
 like a puppet on a string , i let it pull me out to dance . 
 laser lights , flashing strobes , and colorful spotlights lit the dance floor . 
 my body swayed and rocked , matching the beat of the drum and bass music . 
 it was only a few moments before various men surrounded me and began to dance with me , each trying to rub against me , hoping they might have a chance to take me home . 
 a mix of sexual and primal instinct made me select and continue dancing with one . 
 i knew i should n't get too close , but instinct begged me to breathe him in and savor his aroma . 
 his scent was intoxicating , more so than others in the room : a sultry mix of cologne , sweat , and pheromones . 
 he was mouthwatering , and i wondered if he would taste just as good as he smelled . 
 erick had short , spiky blond hair , a chiseled jaw , and gorgeous emerald-green eyes . 
 he wore a pair of loose carpenter jeans and a silky , black button-down shirt with a metallic blue dragon across the bottom . 
 we danced together , moving and rubbing our bodies rhythmically with the music . 
 he pulled me in close and nibbled at my neck . 
 the gentle graze of his blunt teeth felt odd after lysander 's bite , yet it was still enticing . 
 erick whispered things we could do together privately in the vip room -- awakening more than just the bloodthirsty beast . 
 i gulped as his breath blew against my ear . 
 breathe through your mouth , i reminded myself as the hunger inside of me whined and nagged , urging me to go further , to take a small taste . 
 i knew privacy would be a bad thing . 
 i needed to stay out in the public eye . 
 his heartbeat pulsed hard . 
 i felt each tempting thump as he pressed his body to mine . 
 `` come have a private drink with me , '' he urged . 
 `` but i just want to dance . '' 
 no , no , no drinks . 
 bad idea . 
 `` please , baby , we can dance in there and get to know each other better . '' 
 his hands slid down my side . 
 crap , i need an excuse . 
 `` i ca n't leave my friend all alone . '' 
 coming here was a bad idea . 
 `` where is your friend ? '' 
 i turned and pointed to the bar . 
 jessie sat with a full glass of some alcoholic drink in front of her and looked bored . 
 `` there she is , in the pink tank top at the bar . '' 
 `` bring her too . '' 
 his breath blew against my ear again , sending a chill dancing down my spine . 
 oh , this is a bad idea . 
 i sighed . 
 why did n't i hunt before we came in here ? 
 jessie had spotted me looking at her . 
 i waved her over and mouthed the word `` help . '' 
 `` c’mon , let 's go . '' 
 erick grabbed me by the hand and pulled me towards the vip area . 
 i knew it was a bad idea . 
 i knew i should have said no , but it 's so hard to do that when a cute guy is lavishing attention on you , calling you beautiful , and whispering of the dirty things he wants to do to you . 
 i might be a vampire , but i was still a woman . 
 he immediately ordered a bottle of champagne as we walked into the room . 
 the vip rooms were darkened corners of the club , curtained off with deep purple velvet , allowing for a little privacy . 
 they contained a loveseat , two cushy ottomans , and two small drink tables set on either side of the love seat . 
 music was only slightly muffled in this vip area . 
 jessie and i danced and pretended to drink the glasses we were offered . 
 i had no need for champagne ; the smell of erick 's cologne was stimulating enough . 
 thirst nagged at me , but i fought it . 
 erick was an innocent and i did n't want to live with that guilt . 
 realizing that my thirst was starting to get the better of me , i tried to maintain a safe distance as we danced . 
 erick drained the first bottle of champagne himself , thankfully not noticing that jessie and i were n't having any . 
 i was n't sure how much longer i could hold out . 
 i needed an escape plan . 
 i could n't believe i agreed to this in the first place . 
 `` jessie , we ca n't stay long . '' 
 i spoke low enough to not alert erick . 
 `` huh , what ? '' 
 she asked . 
 she danced , rocking her hips back and forth to the music . 
 she seemed to have erick under a spell . 
 he watched lustfully , his eyes following each movement of her hips . 
 `` i have to do that thing tonight , you know , '' i said , with a little urgency to my voice . 
 `` yeah , sure , we will get to that , '' jessie said with a groan . 
 `` alyssa , are n't you having fun ? '' 
 erick asked , momentarily dropping his focus from jessie 's gyrations . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i tried to smile as innocently as possible . 
 `` i just have this little thing i need to do tonight . '' 
 he patted the space next to him on the loveseat . 
 `` do n't leave . 
 i thought we were going to get to know each other . 
 you need more champagne . '' 
 `` yeah , more champagne , '' jessie blurted out , pretending to be drunk . 
 she grabbed the bottle of champagne and put it to her lips as if drinking . 
 `` mmmm , have a drink , lyss , '' she said with a wink . 
 she leaned in , handing the bottle to me , and whispered , `` have a little fun . 
 do n't you want him ? '' 
 jessie did n't give me time to answer . 
 she immediately returned to her hypnotic gyrations . 
 erick watched me , so i too lifted the bottle to my mouth , pretending to drink the bubbly beverage . 
 i used to like champagne , when i was mortal . 
 now , just the smell of it made me want to retch . 
 bubbles tickled the tip of my tongue . 
 my stomach flipped , threatening to heave if i swallowed so much as a drop . 
 i lowered the bottle with a fake smile plastered on my face . 
 `` mmm , we need some more of this . '' 
 erick got up and pulled me close to him . 
 he pressed his hard body to mine , rocking side to side with the beat of the music . 
 `` you 're absolutely right . 
 let 's get some more . '' 
 erick 's advances became more sexual the more he drank . 
 halfway through the second bottle , he pulled us both on top of him on the love seat . 
 i must admit , i savored the delicious warmth of his hand as he squeezed my butt . 
 he lavished attention on both of us , alternating between kissing jessie and me . 
 i knew it was wrong , but i could n't help myself . 
 i let my hands explore his body as he claimed my mouth . 
 under his loose , silky shirt was a perfect washboard stomach . 
 i traced each ripple down to his obvious arousal , cupping the tent in his jeans . 
 he moaned into my mouth . 
 i knew i should stop . 
 the beast inside roared to life , begging for just a small taste . 
 erick 's hand slid down between my legs . 
 his fingertips traced the outline of my sex through my thong . 
 `` ah , hmmmm . '' 
 i sighed , enjoying his touch . 
 it had been so long since i had had the pleasures of a man , and his gestures were quite tempting . 
 i lingered too long . 
 i should have stopped myself , but his smell , his touch , his heartbeat , his warmth -- it was all too tempting . 
 i wanted so badly to taste him . 
 i needed to taste him . 
 just one taste would n't hurt , right ? 
 my thirst , my hunger , the nagging sensation won . 
 i concentrated on my desire to have erick . 
 i needed to have him , a taste of him . 
 i left his hot mouth and moved my kisses down towards his neck . 
 his succulent vein thumped against my lips ; blood pulsed below the surface of his skin , just begging me to take it . 
 i tried one last time to fight the urge . 
 no , he 's an innocent . 
 he 's done no harm to anyone . 
 his fingers slid underneath my thong , dipping slowly into my wet opening . 
 i lost control , giving in to my desire . 
 opening my mouth wide , i sank my teeth into his neck , severing the vein . 
 my reward was a satisfying rush of hot blood , flooding my mouth . 
 he moaned , a pleasurable sound . 
 i hoped he was caught in the moment and had not realized what i had done . 
 i did n't need him knowing i was sucking the life out of him . 
 his hands still explored my nether regions , confirming my suspicion . 
 do n't fight it , let me take you . 
 i willed my desires on him as i drank in his blood . 
 i wanted him , all of him . 
 every drop of his blood was ecstasy . 
 his hand went limp beneath me . 
 shit ! 
 a moment of clarity hit me . 
 stop ! 
 he 's an innocent ! 
 i hoped i 'd realized this before i was too close to ending his life . 
 i pulled away and rested my head on his chest , trying to regain composure . 
 i listened for the sound of his heart . 
 the soft , fading beat told me i was too late . 
 i had taken too much blood . 
 his heart struggled as it slowly came to a stop . 
 no ! 
 erick was dead . 
 i slid off his lifeless body onto the floor . 
 oh . 
 my . 
 god ! 
 what have i done ? 
 jessie , unaffected by the death of the man , went through his pockets and found his wallet . 
 she spilt up the money and offered me a handful of bills . 
 `` you could have saved some for me , '' jessie said in a mocking tone . 
 `` what have i done ? '' 
 i whispered to myself . 
 it was one thing to kill a criminal , to end the life of someone who would have done it to me -- but an innocent ? 
 what was his crime ? 
 he was just an overconfident guy . 
 and i killed him ! 
 jessie held out the bills , waving them in front of my face . 
 `` are n't you going to take this ? 
 it 's your cut . '' 
 a strange numbness consumed me . 
 i had only wanted a taste . 
 why did i give in to temptation ? 
 the background music seemed muffled and distant . 
 the only thing i could hear was the thought in my head repeating over and over , he was an innocent . 
 jessie must have sensed the mental torture going on inside my head . 
 she shook me out of my trance . 
 `` listen , girly , we 're not done yet . '' 
 she inclined her head toward the lifeless body . 
 `` we 've got to get rid of casanova over here . '' 
 panic brought me back to reality . 
 how could we carry a corpse out of here without being noticed ? 
 jessie shoved the bills onto my lap and sat down next to the dead body . 
 she lifted the collar on his shirt , inspecting the bite mark on his neck . 
 `` nice set of fangs you got there , sister . 
 why do n't we cover this little , ahem ... hickey ... up with something . '' 
 she flipped the collar all the way up in an attempt to conceal the wound on his neck . 
 `` hmm , that 's not going to work well , now , is it ? '' 
 `` can we sneak him out of here ? 
 we ca n't leave a dead body lying here in the vip lounge . 
 people saw us go in here . 
 someone will find him and wonder which one of us is the mangy animal who mauled him . '' 
 `` great idea , lyss . '' 
 she jumped to her feet . 
 `` you grab one arm and i 'll take the other . 
 we 'll both hold him up and walk him out the front door . 
 if anyone asks , we 'll say he had too much to drink and we 're taking him home to sleep it off . '' 
 it was n't the brightest idea i 'd ever heard , but it was the best we had to work with . 
 thanks to vampire strength , we both easily supported his weight on our shoulders and slowly made our way to the door , trying to look as natural as possible . 
 crystal spotted us from the bar and followed close behind . 
 we 'd just passed through the entrance . 
 i thought we were home free when the bouncer stopped us . 
 `` hey , ladies , is he all right ? '' 
 the bouncer asked . 
 i froze . 
 my heart skipped a beat . 
 shit , we 're busted . 
 we 're going to be outed right here in front of what looks like fifty people . 
 i 've just mistakenly given away our kind , our secret , with one moment of bloodlust . 
 jessie spoke , her voice a little shaky . 
 `` uh , yeah , he 's just had a bit too much tonight . 
 we 're gon na take him home . '' 
 the bouncer 's eyes narrowed . 
 a crease formed above his eyebrows . 
 `` he looks unconscious . 
 no . 
 i ca n't let you leave with him like that . 
 i 'm calling an ambulance . '' 
 crystal appeared out of nowhere and glided over to the concerned bouncer . 
 her face the picture of calm , she spoke in hushed tones , leaning into the bouncer 's ear . 
 i could just barely make out what she told him . 
 `` sir , he has a known drinking problem that is a bit of an embarrassment to our family . 
 the girls called me when he finished his third bottle in your vip room . 
 clearly , your staff ignored the fact that he had drunk enough to cause alcohol poisoning . 
 i 'm sure your establishment would like to avoid any legal troubles . 
 if you will just let us go without anyone else 's involvement , our family will avoid bringing any official attention to this . '' 
 she extended her hand to the bouncer . 
 he shook it , and i caught the hint of money being transferred . 
 the bouncer smiled and sent us on our way . 
 we loaded the body in the car with us and drove a few miles before dumping it in a deserted alley . 
 crystal bit her tongue . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i asked , baffled , watching her trace the wound on the dead man 's neck with her bloody tongue . 
 `` are you going to turn him ? '' 
 `` no , dear , he is already dead . 
 you can only turn one who is at the edge of death . 
 it takes a bit of skill and quite a bit more blood . 
 i 'm just concealing the wound . '' 
 `` you 're what ? '' 
 i asked in amazement . 
 `` has lysander not taught you this yet ? 
 our blood , in very small doses , can help conceal the wounds you create when you feed . 
 the enzymes in our saliva , mixed with a very small amount of our blood , can help skin heal faster . 
 within an hour , his skin should seal around the puncture wounds , and by the time the police find this man , he will have what will only look like odd bruises . '' 
 i stood dumfounded for a moment . 
 that was a very nice little parlor trick , and i could n't believe lysander had n't told me about this yet . 
 `` must have slipped his mind , i guess . '' 
 this new revelation on how to hide our nightly feeding was a welcome surprise . 
 i liked having more options than just half-cremating or burying a body . 
 `` it 's not a perfect process , and since he is already dead , it wo n't heal the wound completely , but it will help hide the telltale fang marks . '' 
 we loaded ourselves into the car . 
 crystal took the wheel again as we headed back to lysander 's home . 
 i sat silent , deep in thought . 
 terrible guilt sat like a lead weight in my stomach . 
 i wanted to cry for the loss of erick 's life . 
 a part of me wished the bouncer had caught us and exposed us for what we were . 
 erick had n't deserved death . 
 he was just a drunk guy . 
 he 'd just gone out for a night of fun , and it had ended with his death . 
 if i had stopped drinking that man to death , could i have let him go without killing him ? 
 `` the answer is yes , '' crystal said , not taking her eyes of the road as she drove . 
 `` but it takes great self-control to do it . '' 
 the shock of her answer to my thoughts did n't stop me from pushing me to know more . 
 `` so , in theory , you could feed from multiple people , like taking sips , and not kill anyone ? '' 
 `` in theory , yes . 
 but the reality is , those you feed from will know what you are . 
 there is no way to erase the memory of you drinking their blood . 
 you run a real risk of exposing us to mortals and the acta sanctorum by trying to make that your nightly feeding routine . 
 however , a situation like tonight might have been okay because of that man 's level of inebriation . '' 
 jessie turned around from the front seat to look at me . 
 `` man , you really are new at this , are n't you ? '' 
 `` yeah , i guess . '' 
 she gave me a toothy smile . 
 `` you 'll toughen up soon . 
 first few kills are awkward . '' 
 `` yeah ... thanks . '' 
 i did n't need her advice . 
 jessie , it seemed , had no problem with killing , innocents or not . 
 i knew she would n't really understand . 
 there was no use trying to explain it to her . 
 the remainder of the ride home i sat quietly , watching the streetlights and buildings pass by . 
 i tried to avoid thinking about the guilt and shame of killing an innocent , but images of erick 's face kept flashing into my mind . 
 he was n't supposed to die . 
 we arrived home just before sunrise , and i was grateful for that . 
 i wanted nothing more than to bury myself in the sheets of lysander 's bed and pretend this night had never happened . 
 chapter 15 * * * * * i spent a few nights in solitude , mourning the death of erick , before crystal managed to convince me to go out again . 
 avid travelers , the peregrinus never stayed in one place for very long . 
 they took advantage of the time they did have by enjoying all the amenities each city had to offer . 
 all of us -- everyone except jessie , who had left early that night -- decided to explore the strip . 
 the boys wanted to try their hand at gambling and the girls wanted to see the changes to the strip since their last visit . 
 since i was a native , i offered to act as their tour guide . 
 i 'd done this plenty of times before , playing tour guide , when members of my family or old friends came to visit . 
 it 's a tradition for las vegas locals and usually the only time we make it to the strip ourselves . 
 all eyes were wide , mouths hung open , and mumbles of `` wow , '' came from the clan as we drove down las vegas boulevard . 
 `` the peregrinus have not been to vegas in well over thirty years , '' said rozaline as she eyed the large buildings we passed . 
 `` the city has changed quite a bit in the last few years . 
 i doubt you will even recognize the strip anymore , '' i said , trying to sound knowledgeable . 
 it was true . 
 in the last thirty years the strip had grown and reinvented itself more than once . 
 many of the old casinos that lined las vegas boulevard had been imploded and rebuilt . 
 towering structures and neon lined the famous boulevard ; multicolored replicas of the new york skyline , a camelot castle , a great black pyramid , exploding volcanoes , and pirate ships amazed the clan as we took our slow drive down the strip . 
 drew and crystal were delighted by the whimsical camelot castle , as well as the golden lion on the great pedestal at another casino . 
 each hotel we passed was a treat to their eyes . 
 `` ah , this is wonderful , '' exclaimed crystal , watching a rollercoaster zooming around the front of another casino . 
 `` things have certainly changed . '' 
 `` yes . 
 this was all probably a dirt lot the last time you were here , '' i responded , still trying to show off my knowledge . 
 as is the custom in vegas , the strip was always expanding . 
 new casinos popped up every few years , each one bigger and flashier than the ones prior . 
 `` amazing , '' rozaline said , as a small replica of a volcano began its explosive show . 
 it sent watery blasts , colored with orange lights , shooting up to the sky . 
 the effect resembled boiling lava . 
 `` if you think that 's cool , you should check out the pirate ship battle next door . '' 
 i chuckled at their astonishment . 
 just like any other tourist , they pointed while they oooh-ed and ahhh-ed at each casino . 
 it was a refreshing sight to see , and a reminder that even though i was a vampire now , i could still enjoy some of the simple pleasures of being alive . 
 monster or not , everyone loves to be entertained -- and vegas was never short on that . 
 i made a mental note to come back to the strip more often and really allow myself to take it all in with my fresh , new eyes . 
 a longstanding vegas tourist tradition is to see the strip on foot . 
 i would have been a horrible tour guide if i denied them that wonderful opportunity , so i made the suggestion . 
 `` let 's park and go see some sights . '' 
 no tour is complete without the crowds of people , the smut peddlers , and the chance for photos in front of the various attractions . 
 we parked and made our way into a casino . 
 i 'd forgotten how strong the scent of the people around me would be . 
 i was getting much better at controlling my urges and the monster within . 
 still , being surrounded by so many people , i was briefly startled by the aroma as we entered the recirculated air of the casino . 
 the flood of smells rushed toward me . 
 my mouth watered with anticipation as i filtered through the scents in the air , finding one in particular that enticed me . 
 i found myself slowing down as we passed a pair of ladies sitting at a blackjack table . 
 i slowly breathed in their perfume as my eyes fixed on the exposed neck of a blonde woman . 
 citrus with a hint of vanilla : her scent was tantalizing . 
 my mouth watered as my tongue traced the edges of one of my sharp fangs . 
 lysander must have caught my interest . 
 `` discretion , alyssa , '' he cautioned , grabbing my arm while pushing me forward . 
 it was the first time we had spoken since our fight a few evenings ago . 
 i bit my lip and snapped to attention , wishing i had taken time to hunt before allowing myself to be surrounded by so many people . 
 i did n't need another repeat of the club incident . 
 breathing slowly through my mouth , i tried not to smell the air . 
 the memory of erick and the guilt that followed his death helped me push the monster down . 
 i was still angry at lysander for the harsh words during our fight , but i was thankful for his presence . 
 though annoying at times , he did prevent me from making mistakes . 
 being surrounded by tons of humans , i knew i 'd need his guidance tonight . 
 he escorted me through the casino as we tried to catch up to the rest of the clan . 
 they must not have noticed my pause . 
 they swiftly maneuvered through the crowds , heading to the front door that led to the strip . 
 outside the casino was a sea of people . 
 the pirate show in the front always drew a huge crowd . 
 swarms of people packed themselves onto the small replica of a pier , between two battling ships . 
 there was no way to make it through the crowd . 
 we were stuck until the show ended . 
 i did n't mind that much . 
 it had been years since i 'd seen the pirates . 
 i settled in to watch the battle when a familiar sensation struck me . 
 i was being watched . 
 the skin on the back of my neck prickled and my hair stood on end . 
 there were so many people around that i could n't tell from which direction the odd sensation was coming . 
 i did know one thing , though . 
 the source was another immortal nearby . 
 in the short time i 'd been a vampire , this sensation was the only telltale sign of another immortal 's presence . 
 i 'd gotten used to the feeling as the clan came and went during their stay at lysander 's home . 
 i turned my head , looking left and right , hoping to spot the person who was causing this paranoid feeling . 
 the rest of the clan was out of sight , so i assumed it was n't one of them i was sensing . 
 the crowd of people was so tightly packed it was almost impossible to move . 
 the loud shouts of pirates and the boom of fake cannons sounded to the left and right . 
 a flash of light accompanied a cannon blast . 
 the flames from the cannon fire illuminated the cause of my worry . 
 i saw him on one of the rocks ; the unmistakable face of edmond . 
 he stared intently at me from the top of the fake cliffs decorating the entrance to the hotel . 
 oh , shit ! 
 lysander 's grip tightened on my arm . 
 `` did you just see ... '' `` yes , '' he said curtly . 
 i looked back to the rock cliff . 
 edmond had vanished . 
 `` are we in danger ? '' 
 `` no . 
 we are probably just in his hunting area . '' 
 `` are they hunting us already ? '' 
 my heart sped . 
 my mind buzzed with images of other vampires with demonic faces . 
 i felt the false rock walls closing in on me . 
 i remembered the warning given in lysander 's book . 
 i was a bastard fledgling , turned without permission , and sentenced to death . 
 lysander and i would be hunted down and our blood used to strengthen kallisto 's coven . 
 `` he wo n't attack us in public . 
 not now . '' 
 lysander remained calm as ever . 
 his face unnerved me ; there was so much at stake . 
 my voice cracked as i spoke . 
 `` but how can you be sure ? '' 
 `` he may be an arrogant ass , but he does have respect for the rules of engagement . 
 he gave us thirty nights . 
 he will not act until that time has expired . 
 we still have time . '' 
 the pirate show ended , and the sea of people dissipated . 
 we made our way out on to the street and found the clan heading inside another casino . 
 `` you 're sure he wo n't attack us ? '' 
 i asked , giving lysander a worried look . 
 `` yes , alyssa , i 'm sure . 
 i know edmond , better than i wish to . 
 he will not act out of turn . '' 
 man , i hope he 's right about this . 
 we caught up with the clan inside . 
 i noticed that nicholas had stopped by a cave-like room filled with tables . 
 he watched intently as men sat stoically , playing with cards and colorful ceramic chips . 
 damon walked over to nicholas , and he too took an interest in the game . 
 they both looked entranced , standing still as the dealer placed cards on the oval felt-covered table . 
 the men sitting around the table each took turns , deciding what they wanted to do with their cards and chips . 
 the poker boom had hit only a few years ago , after some internet player won a few million dollars in a big tournament . 
 suddenly , every casino was putting in rooms dedicated specifically to this game . 
 hold ’em ... texas hold ’em , to be precise . 
 i was n't a grinder , but i had dabbled a bit here and there . 
 i knew the basics of this game and could scratch a small profit if i concentrated on good strategy . 
 i found it funny and ironic that vampires would be so interested in the vices of humans . 
 but , then again , maybe we really were n't all that different . 
 feeling a little cocky , i walked over to the boys . 
 `` ever played ? '' 
 i asked with a sly smile . 
 `` you shitting me ? 
 everyone knows hold ’em , '' damon immediately responded . 
 `` you play , lyss ? '' 
 i liked damon . 
 he was n't a man of many words , but he was a friendly and easygoing kind of guy . 
 i inclined my head towards the tables . 
 `` yeah , once in a while . 
 you guys want to get in on a game ? '' 
 `` this is not the poker i remember , '' nicholas said . 
 a puzzled look crossed his face . 
 we all watched as one of the men at the table pushed a huge stack of red , ceramic chips into the center of the table . 
 `` i 'm all in , boys , '' the gentleman exclaimed loudly , and stood up . 
 `` call , '' came a calm , quiet voice from the opposite side of the table . 
 the boisterous gentleman clapped his hands together and rubbed them vigorously . 
 `` c’mon , dealer . 
 one time ! '' 
 a huge grin covered his face . 
 we all watched as the dealer , dealt out a single card onto the table . 
 the loud gentleman 's reaction was instantaneous . 
 the smile faded . 
 he wiped his brow . 
 a slight quiver played at the corner of his lips . 
 after a millisecond of silence , the loud man cursed and slammed the table . 
 the dealer did n't seem to care . 
 he pushed the huge pile of chips to a silent man wearing huge headphones and sunglasses sitting opposite of him . 
 i laughed inside , watching the scene play out before my eyes . 
 i should n't revel in others ' misery , but it was nice to see it happen to someone other than me . 
 i 'd been in that position so many times . 
 so sure of myself . 
 so sure of my hand , and then ... fate deals you out . 
 nice to know it happens to us all . 
 a wicked grin spread across nicholas 's face . 
 `` i think i want to play , '' he said . 
 his eyes remained locked on the table . 
 `` how do i get into this game ? '' 
 i pointed nicholas to the counter to get a seat for the game and some chips . 
 the casino representative asked nicholas what game he wanted to play . 
 for a moment , he stood silent , looking lost , as if he did n't know how to respond . 
 `` i want to play that ` all-in ' game you have , over there , at that table . '' 
 he pointed to the table we had just been watching . 
 the casino employee , an older , balding man , snickered `` all in , '' under his breath , as he prepared a rack of chips for nicholas . 
 `` that 's two hundred , sir , for one two no-limit , table twelve . '' 
 damon and i purchased racks of chips , too , and asked to take seats at the same table . 
 we took our places on either side of nicholas at the long , oval table . 
 `` you wan na post now or wait till the blinds ? '' 
 the dealer , a rail-thin man , asked . 
 nicholas ' brow furrowed . 
 he looked to his chips and then at the dealer . 
 `` post ? 
 post what ? 
 ante ? '' 
 `` we 'll wait for the blinds , '' i answered . 
 the dealer nodded as nicholas shot me a puzzled look . 
 damon leaned in , speaking to nicholas 's ear . 
 `` the blinds are how you get the pot started , man . 
 check this , seats one and two after the dealer button have to put money in the middle to get the betting going . '' 
 glad to see one of the clan was versed in the game , i smiled at damon and nodded my approval of his instruction . 
 `` ah , yes , that makes sense , '' said nicholas . 
 i leaned into nicholas 's other ear . 
 `` just watch the order in which everyone bets and try not to go out of turn . '' 
 i saw , out of the corner of my eye , the hungry look on some of the other players ' faces . 
 nicholas was clearly a newbie . 
 all of the wannabe sharks at this table were readying themselves to take all of nicholas 's chips . 
 `` you 're going to get two cards to play with , and the dealer will deal out five more cards , face up , on the table at different intervals . '' 
 i continued with my quick lesson . 
 `` three cards on the flop , one card on the turn , and one card on the river . 
 these are community cards . 
 each time a new set of cards is dealt , you get a chance to bet . 
 there is no limit to how much you can raise . 
 you want to make the best five-card hand out of your two cards and the five cards that will be dealt . '' 
 nicholas gave me an understanding nod , and we watched as the cards were dealt around . 
 i noted the different players at the table , all men . 
 poker was a man 's game . 
 it was n't common to see women sitting at the table . 
 i felt waves of excitement radiating from the men as i sat there . 
 i wished i could read their minds , but i guessed they were thinking that i , too , would be easy money . 
 `` i 'll go easy on you , darlin ' , '' said a drunken man to my right , wearing a crisp white cowboy hat . 
 `` aw , thanks . '' 
 i smiled innocently . 
 `` i 'd hate to lose all my money my first time in vegas . '' 
 it was a small lie , yes . 
 but if they wanted to think i was a noob , i was going to act the part . 
 `` wan na give me a few pointers ? '' 
 `` how about i buy you a drink ? '' 
 he said , leaning into me . 
 i accidentally allowed myself to breathe in his scent . 
 you could give me a drink . 
 my tongue traced the tips of my teeth as i thought of tasting this man 's blood . 
 `` when do we get to play ? '' 
 nicholas asked . 
 good timing . 
 `` uh , soon . 
 we will be in the blinds soon . '' 
 down , girl . 
 breathe through your mouth . 
 what would lysander say ? 
 `` he your boyfriend ? '' 
 the cowboy asked me . 
 `` something like that . '' 
 i smiled and winked . 
 a few hands went by before we were able to post our blinds and start playing . 
 nicholas eagerly placed his chips on the table , just past the betting line , and snatched his cards as the dealer tossed them out . 
 i glanced at the cards dealt to me . 
 unimpressed , i set them out , ready to fold when it was my turn . 
 i sensed worry from one of the gentleman sitting across from me , and it dawned on me that my mental abilities might make this game a bit more interesting . 
 all of the faces at the table were hard and cold . 
 each person was trying as best as he could to maintain that stoic look , never giving away that he might hold a monster hand in his cards ; hoping to sucker some poor fool into giving away all his chips . 
 the silent man , with the large headphones and sunglasses , at the end of the table placed a few more chips into the betting area , calling `` raise '' as he did it . 
 i folded my cards when it was my turn , but nicholas did n't . 
 he placed his chips inside the betting area . 
 `` do n't risk it all on your first hand , bro , '' damon warned . 
 i agreed with damon . 
 this was only the first hand . 
 there was plenty of time to make dangerous moves after studying your opponents . 
 nicholas did n't seem to pay any attention to damon 's warning . 
 his eyes fixed on the man in the sunglasses -- who had previously taken the stack of chips from the overzealous player . 
 the dealer dealt out the three flop cards . 
 i sensed a hint of worry in the quiet man . 
 nicholas crossed his hands in front of his face , appearing to ponder what to do . 
 it was his turn again to bet or to fold . 
 i had no doubt that nicholas could sense the feelings from this stranger and perhaps even read his thoughts as i had seen other vampires of the clan do . 
 nicholas sat silent for a long while . 
 i wondered if this was a ploy , a dramatic pause to force the man on the other side of the table to show some outward sign of the strength of his poker hand . 
 for someone unfamiliar with the game , he was playing quite well . 
 i was almost certain he was using some kind of sense to tell him what to do . 
 `` check , '' said nicholas letting the man with the headphones lead the betting . 
 the man with the headphones called `` raise , '' again , shoving more chips in to the middle . 
 nicholas did n't visibly react to this ; he simply lowered his hands and pushed more chips in as well . 
 the turn card was dealt , with betting going exactly as it had before , and finally the river card came out . 
 nicholas must have decided it was now time to make his move . 
 he confidently announced `` all in , '' shoving the remainder of his dwindling chip stack into the center of the table . 
 i shook my head . 
 i really hoped he knew what he was doing . 
 at that point , he 'd played one hand and committed all of his money , a two-hundred-dollar buy-in , to the center of the table . 
 `` slow down , bro , you really want to bet it all on one hand ? '' 
 damon cautioned again . 
 the man sitting opposite of him thought long and hard on what to do . 
 i sensed he did n't want to call . 
 he was worried about something . 
 perhaps the strength of his hand was not as he was pretending . 
 i guessed he had n't expected nicholas to play back at him . 
 silent moments went by before the quiet man slid his cards to the dealer , folding his hand . 
 a small smile stretched the corners of nicholas 's mouth . 
 he happily scooped the large pot to himself and appeared eager to start the next hand . 
 `` thought you did n't play hold ’em ? '' 
 damon asked . 
 nicholas laughed . 
 `` beginner 's luck . '' 
 i knew otherwise . 
 he was silently controlling his opponent , forcing him to fold , relinquishing all of his chips . 
 once i had caught onto this tactic , i used it as well . 
 screw robbing my victims . 
 i 'm playing poker for money . 
 i 'll be rich in no time . 
 mind control brought a whole new dimension to the game . 
 we played for a few hours while the rest of the clan explored the strip . 
 the three of us ran the table , piling our chips high . 
 two hundred dollars quickly turned into two thousand before the rest of the group returned , beckoning us to join them . 
 they wanted to continue exploring the strip . 
 apparently , we 'd spent too much time at the poker table , and they had grown tired of the casinos within walking distance . 
 the night was still young , and there was much more to see and do . 
 we continued our way north toward downtown . 
 although often confused by many people not native to vegas , downtown and the strip are two entirely different places . 
 old vegas has a gritty charm and presence all its own , separate from the bright shining new jewels that lined las vegas boulevard . 
 this was more of what the clan expected of las vegas ; older casinos with a rough and aged vibe , worn carpet , and the stale smell of cigarette smoke . 
 this was the vegas they knew from the last time they 'd visited . 
 the block of downtown casinos was located near the intersection of main street and fremont street . 
 this was where the gambling town had gotten its start . 
 we made our way down fremont street just in time to see the overhead light show . 
 the street went dim as the music started . 
 a long metal canopy ran the length of the block of hotels and acted as a projection screen of sorts , showing images dancing to the beat of the music which played over loudspeakers lining the street . 
 the clan stared in amazement as colors flashed above us . 
 amusing images of stars set to rock music enticed us to move with them as they danced up and down the canopy . 
 once the light show ended , it was decided we 'd all split up . 
 many of us , myself included , needed to hunt . 
 everyone went their separate ways , leaving me almost alone . 
 lysander , however , remained as my chaperone . 
 we walked down the street , taking in the sights and sounds . 
 `` i 'm sorry we quarreled the other night , '' he said softly . 
 `` i understand that you need your freedom . '' 
 we had n't really spoken since the fight . 
 it was nice to hear the softness in his voice . 
 i wanted to remain mad at him for the mean things he 'd said to me , but deep down , i knew he was partly right . 
 i had a knack for pushing too hard to get my way . 
 though i needed freedom to clear my head and accept all that had happened to me , i still needed his guidance . 
 the incident with erick was proof of that . 
 `` i am just trying to protect you , '' lysander continued . 
 `` you 're young and there is still much for you to learn . '' 
 i stopped and looked up at him . 
 his big , beautiful blue-gray eyes met mine and i felt his warmth again . 
 he looked at me kindly . 
 `` i know you 're trying to teach me and i 'm very thankful for that , but you ca n't deny me my freedom . 
 i ca n't live feeling like a caged rat . 
 i have to be free to accept -- '' `` alyssa , please have patience . 
 your freedom will come when you are ready . 
 let me teach you more before you attempt to make your way alone . '' 
 `` i 'm not asking to leave you , lysander . 
 i just want the freedom to come and go as i please . 
 i need to find some semblance of control over this new life . 
 i need something to grasp onto . 
 this whole change has turned my world upside down . '' 
 there was a look of relief in his eyes . 
 i wondered if he thought my pressuring for freedom was a request to leave him . 
 a small hope entered my mind . 
 maybe he did have some feelings for me . 
 maybe there was more to him than the cold , hard shell he showed me . 
 `` look , i 've never had to live under someone 's rule before , '' i continued . 
 `` even as a child , i had freedom from my parents . 
 i have to do things for myself , and all i ask is the freedom to do that . '' 
 `` i see my warnings have no effect on you , '' lysander sighed . 
 `` i do not wish to get into another quarrel with you , alyssa . '' 
 `` then do n't keep me prisoner . 
 trust me and let me have my freedom , and we wo n't have a reason to fight . '' 
 `` fine . 
 i will allow you to hunt alone , provided you promise to be careful and let me know where you 're going . 
 until the threat from kallisto and her coven has been taken care of , it is still very dangerous out there . '' 
 `` it 's a start , '' i agreed . 
 it was a compromise , and it seemed the only way to end our current fight . 
 i forced a smile on my face and nodded to lysander . 
 he brought his hand up to my chin , lifting my head just slightly , and kissed my forehead . 
 `` i just wish to protect you . 
 you are important to me , '' he whispered . 
 we walked to the end of the fremont street canopy . 
 my hunger had been kept at bay long enough . 
 `` i need to hunt now . 
 will you let me go ? '' 
 i sensed the worry and saw the reluctance in his eyes . 
 `` go , '' he said , almost whispering . 
 `` i 'll return when i 'm done . 
 i wo n't be far . '' 
 it was a small test to see if he would really let me go . 
 lysander slowly turned towards the crowd of tourists . 
 thank you . 
 i sighed and headed off into the darkened street ahead . 
 chapter 16 * * * * * my solo hunt on freemont street had gone well and lysander , seemed to be relaxing on his overprotectiveness . 
 things were beginning to look up . 
 thankful for the newfound privacy , i planned to take my first unaccompanied trip into the city , with one little detour . 
 i needed to go home , to see it one more time , and say goodbye . 
 i knew it was forbidden . 
 lysander had made it very clear that i was dead to the mortal world now . 
 i did n't care . 
 i had to have some closure and since i would have this little bit of privacy to do it , i felt it was time . 
 the only way i would be able to accomplish this was to leave without drawing attention to myself . 
 i did n't want to have to tell lysander where i was going , and he always seemed to know what i was thinking . 
 an opportunity to leave presented itself as if fate wanted me to go . 
 lysander sat in the dining room , engrossed in a new project . 
 papers covered the large mahogany table . 
 he worked with various colored pencils , drawing new sketches for his book . 
 i knew that would keep him occupied . 
 lysander was meticulous , sparing no detail in his work . 
 i could only guess at the amount of focus it took to complete such beautiful works of art . 
 i knew one thing , though ; he should be occupied all night . 
 i borrowed the keys to his suv , walking out as quietly as i could . 
 a small sense of unease struck me as i shoved the keys in the ignition . 
 i wondered , for a moment , how mad lysander would be if he knew what i was up to . 
 but mad or not , i had to do this . 
 miles flew by quickly as i headed into the heart of the city . 
 before i could mentally prepare myself , i was there , in the parking lot of the familiar strip mall that held my favorite café . 
 i managed to park in a spot close enough to allow me to see in through copioh 's front windows . 
 i hoped no one would be able to see me , though . 
 i was n't ready for questions . 
 in all honesty , i was n't really sure what i wanted to do when i got there . 
 my planning had ended with taking the car and driving ; one of the downfalls of my often quixotic nature . 
 now that i was here , i was kind of at a loss as to what to do . 
 copioh was the same as it had always been -- not that i had expected much to change in a week . 
 i cracked the window , lowering it just an inch so i could take in the familiar smell . 
 i used to love the fragrant aroma of espresso and chocolate that leaked from the old coffee house . 
 the smell seemed different now . 
 the thick , sweet aroma of the people standing outside altered the scent . 
 while it was very appealing , it no longer gave me the same feeling of home . 
 my throat dried up as the scent teased my hunger , reminding me of my need to hunt for the night . 
 i pushed back the thoughts of blood and concentrated on the café . 
 had anyone noticed that i had n't been around ? 
 i surveyed the parking lot , looking for familiar faces , before turning my attention back to the front window of the café . 
 i 'd hoped i would be missed . 
 i wanted to see a missing person sign posted in the window , something to tell me my disappearance had some effect . 
 i did n't want to be another nameless , faceless statistic . 
 college girl goes missing . 
 no ! 
 i wanted someone to care that i was gone . 
 i stared into the café 's front window , spotting a thin blonde girl sitting on my favorite couch . 
 my heart skipped a beat . 
 it was fallon , my longtime best friend . 
 i looked at my watch . 
 nine o’clock . 
 right on time as usual . 
 too bad she could n't have been on time a week ago . 
 i should have guessed she would be there waiting for me . 
 in my mortal life , we were always there , together , right after work . 
 she jerked her head towards the door as it opened . 
 i ducked below the dashboard in reaction -- not that she would have been able to see me behind the heavily tinted windows of the suv . 
 peeking up , i saw disappointment flash across her face , as if she were expecting someone and he or she had n't shown . 
 is she waiting for me ? 
 the goth teenagers meandered in front of the café as usual . 
 their mindless wandering aggravated me . 
 every few moments , a black cloak or rail-thin person blocked my view into the front window . 
 her face looked so sad . 
 i wanted to go inside , greet my friend , and tell her everything that had happened to me . 
 no , i ca n't do that . 
 there are too many people here ; someone will recognize me . 
 there would be too many questions to answer . 
 i could n't risk staying any longer . 
 if she were to spot me , or if someone recognized me , there would be trouble . 
 lysander would never allow our secret to get out like this . 
 i started the engine and backed out of the parking space . 
 as much as i wanted to talk to fallon , i just could n't . 
 driving slowly out of the parking lot , i headed towards my old apartment . 
 *** my street was dark and quiet . 
 for the regular people who did n't live a nocturnal life , the evening was winding down . 
 most of the lights in my apartment complex were dark . 
 the quiet hum of air conditioners and the low sounds of thumping bass music , from the surrounding apartments , comforted me . 
 i reached the door of what had , until recently , been my home and noticed a wrinkled piece of paper taped to it . 
 it looked official , a notice of some kind . 
 i laughed , reading it . 
 my rent was a week late . 
 `` never shy about getting the rent money . '' 
 i yanked the note off the door , crumpled it , and tossed it on the ground . 
 `` try getting rent out of me now . '' 
 i turned the knob , noticing it was already unlocked . 
 that 's odd , i thought , and then i remembered lysander had stopped by to pick up my things . 
 no need to lock a door when you never plan on returning . 
 slowly , i pushed against the door . 
 a strange feeling came over me , like i was being watched , but i could n't sense any human presence . 
 not that it mattered if there was . 
 it would have been all too easy to take care of any robber stupid enough to attack me , and it would take care of my need to hunt for the night . 
 tiny hairs prickled at the back of my neck . 
 i recognized the sensation . 
 there was a vampire nearby . 
 i looked over my shoulder , scanning the surrounding area , but i did n't see anything that would clue me into who or what could be watching me . 
 there was no immediate scent of humans in the air , only the musky odor of a few stray cats . 
 the street was quiet and dark . 
 i decided it was best to get inside . 
 if another vampire was hunting in this area , i did n't want to give him or her a reason to bother me . 
 the door creaked against my weight as i pushed it open . 
 moonlight flooded the darkened living space . 
 a familiar aroma greeted me as i stepped over the threshold . 
 i was home . 
 a peaceful feeling came over me . 
 i flicked on the lights and the room came alive . 
 my apartment was a stark contrast to lysander 's barren home . 
 every inch of space in the large studio apartment had been filled . 
 i was a packrat , a collector of sorts . 
 knickknacks , treasures , books , movies , you name it ; i crammed them all into this apartment . 
 fallon had always joked that i decorated in what she liked to call ` early garage sale , ' pretending there was some artsy theme to my decorating scheme . 
 in reality , i was just a poor girl using whatever furniture i could find to keep myself from sleeping on the floor , and spending the rest of my money on novelties and junk . 
 an old , beat-up , black metal futon that doubled as my bed sat against the wall , flanked by two overflowing bookshelves . 
 they leaned sharply , threatening to collapse under the weight of all of their books . 
 posters of my favorite movies lined the walls in cheap , metal frames , covering up the dingy , yellowing walls . 
 i stepped off the four-square linoleum tiled entry onto the old , green shag carpeting . 
 the cracked , aging pad underneath the carpet made a familiar crunching sound as i walked on it . 
 my apartment may have been cheap and horribly maintained , but it was home . 
 i inhaled deeply , taking in each and every one of the smells that presented itself to me . 
 there was always something about the smell of home that had an instant , calming effect on me . 
 soft hints of my favorite perfume wafted in from the laundry basket in the bathroom . 
 dry , bitter coffee grounds scented the trash , and the dusty smell of my piles of books created a unique bouquet . 
 i stood for a moment , slowly inhaling and savoring the scents . 
 a jar of my favorite lotion sat half-opened on the counter . 
 the lemongrass and tea tree smell called out to me . 
 i reached out taking the lotion and scooped out a small bit . 
 i savored the clean scent and creamy texture as i rubbed it into my skin . 
 i crossed over from the kitchenette and dining area into the living room , noticing a blinking red light on the answering machine . 
 curious to see if anyone had missed me , i hit play . 
 `` hey , lady , it 's fallon . 
 sorry about ditching you last night . 
 call me . '' 
 the voice was like music to my ears . 
 another message followed . 
 `` hey , alyssa , where have you been ? 
 i tried your cell . 
 are you mad ? '' 
 a tear welled up in my eye . 
 i heard worry in fallon 's voice . 
 i waited with anticipation each time the machine beeped . 
 `` lyssa , it 's matt . 
 i have n't heard from you in a while , where have you been ? 
 anyway , a bunch of us are going to mount charleston this weekend , please come . 
 call me . '' 
 i knew i should stop the machine , but i kept listening , desperate to know i 'd been missed . 
 `` alyssa , i 'm getting worried . 
 where are you ? 
 please pick up the phone . '' 
 worry had turned to fear in fallon 's voice . 
 my heart swelled with emotion . 
 i pressed the button to stop the messages , wondering if i should delete them . 
 was there any report about my attack on the school campus ? 
 did anyone suspect something , was i just another missing person , or had the events of my assault remained unknown to everyone but lysander and myself ? 
 those questions would have to remain unanswered . 
 i could n't speak to my human friends now . 
 hearing the sounds of their voices made me long to talk to them , to tell them i was okay . 
 i went to the bookshelf , pulling a thick photo album out of the topmost shelf . 
 collapsing on the futon , i opened the book and flipped through the photos . 
 all of the memories of my former life were in those plastic-coated pages . 
 a pair of green eyes belonging to a ten-year-old version of myself stared back . 
 i was hugging a sleepy-looking brunette wearing a santa hat . 
 it was one of the few pictures i had of my mother before she spiraled out of control . 
 she 'd never been much of a figure in my life . 
 most of the memories of my childhood involved being shuffled back and forth between babysitters when my mom wanted to go out for a night of fun . 
 i hated how messed up she used to get . 
 there were more than enough vices in vegas to turn any soccer mom into a gambling-addicted alcoholic , and unfortunately , after dad left , my mom took to trying out as many as she could . 
 i had been left alone to fend for myself most of the time . 
 i was never one to be told what to do or where to go : one benefit of absentee parenting . 
 i learned quickly how to do everything for myself . 
 can i blame you for this , mom ? 
 maybe if i had been raised differently , or had more responsible and caring parental figures , my life would have turned out differently . 
 `` no , i ca n't blame her , '' i sighed . 
 i turned the pages , reminiscing . 
 friends , road trips , parties : all of my fondest memories lived here , in these pages . 
 the ache of emotion pulled at my heart . 
 i felt like an outsider now , looking in through the window on someone else 's life . 
 i knew i did not belong with the people in those pictures any longer . 
 i surveyed the apartment , seeing the trail of clothes left by lysander 's hasty attempt to pack up my things . 
 all of my mortal possessions were here , but somehow they did n't feel like they belonged to me anymore . 
 they belonged to the me that used to live here , the mortal alyssa who struggled to pay the rent and hated her job . 
 the alyssa who spent all her free time with friends sitting in a silly little college café . 
 i was n't that alyssa anymore . 
 i was n't sure who i was now . 
 i only knew how different i felt . 
 maybe lysander 's been right all along . 
 i do n't belong here anymore . 
 the photo album slid from my lap , almost falling to the floor . 
 i caught it and set it aside as i continued to look around at the remnants of my mortal life . 
 a small stand next to me held a wooden box . 
 i grabbed it , opening it as i brought it to my lap . 
 a small white gold , diamond , and sapphire eternity ring sat inside of it . 
 my mother 's wedding ring . 
 i took it out of the box , placing it on my right ring finger . 
 i 'm not leaving this behind . 
 i 'm not losing everything from my mortal life . 
 the shrill ring of my telephone snapped me out of my depression . 
 i wanted to answer , to hear the voice on the other side of the line . 
 knowing it would be a friend calling , i stopped myself . 
 i 'm dead to them . 
 the answering machine picked up , and i heard my recorded voice telling the caller i was n't at home and to leave a message . 
 `` okay , alyssa , i 'm really worried now . 
 it 's been over two weeks . 
 where are you ? 
 why are n't you answering your cell ? 
 i do n't care if you 're mad at me . 
 i 'm coming over to check on you . '' 
 it was fallon . 
 i wanted nothing more than to talk to her . 
 to tell her what had happened . 
 to let her know i was okay . 
 the fear in her voice was unbearable . 
 the phone disconnected and the room fell silent . 
 temptation told me to stay , to wait for my friend to show up . 
 unlike the café , my apartment was quiet and secluded . 
 i could tell her everything and say my good-bye without fear of others overhearing . 
 i thought of lysander . 
 what would he say ? 
 i knew he would n't approve ; i was already going to be in enough trouble for coming back here . 
 rule number one was to maintain a low profile . 
 divulging my new secret to another person , a human , would n't be tolerated . 
 these older immortals all seemed to be able to read the thoughts right out of my head , and i knew i could n't protect my mind to keep this forbidden meeting a secret . 
 what would lysander do if he found out a mortal knew of us ? 
 he might just kill her to protect our secrets . 
 as much as i wanted to stay , i knew i should go . 
 she was my best friend , but i could n't put her in any risk by telling her my secret . 
 i left the photo album open on the futon , showing a picture of the two of us , happily smiling for the camera , standing on a sunny beach . 
 goodbye , fallon . 
 remember the good times . 
 i did n't know how she would take this sign , but i hoped some idea of my message would get to her . 
 it was better she thought i was gone . 
 at least then she could start the healing process . 
 a lump formed in my throat as i left the apartment . 
 i made no effort to lock up or turn off the lights . 
 i left the door wide open , inviting her inside to see that i was gone . 
 i decided not to stick around and find out what she would do . 
 seeing her again might tempt me to come out and comfort her , and i could n't risk it . 
 this gesture was the only way i could say goodbye . 
 the night was calling and i needed to move on . 
 *** there was still one more place i needed to see before i returned to lysander 's home . 
 i walked slowly down the street , with hardly a glance upward to tell me where i was going . 
 i had walked these steps so many times in my mortal life i could take them blind . 
 i made it back to the campus of unlv , walking down the path towards the theater hall . 
 the grounds were all but deserted , and silence filled the air . 
 i soon caught an all-too-familiar scent . 
 blood . 
 i looked up , seeing the burned-out lights i had noticed before . 
 the path was dark but my supernatural sight allowed me to see . 
 i knew exactly where i stood . 
 sadness welled up inside of me . 
 i had found the spot where my life changed forever . 
 i could tell someone had tried to clean up the mess . 
 the pavement looked clean . 
 no human would see the evidence of the attack , but i could still smell it . 
 faint traces of copper and a hint of lemongrass , my favorite scent , still clung to the area . 
 flashes of memory played the nightmare of my attack over and over . 
 excuse me , miss , a voice echoed in my head , as i remembered the skinny man , drawing my attention while his heavyset friend snuck up behind me . 
 i witnessed the whole scene play out as if i were a ghost , watching as i was knocked to the ground . 
 i saw the knife enter my back as i reached for my keychain , desperately hoping i could fend them off with the pepper spray . 
 see what you made me do ? 
 i said stay down , you dirty slut . 
 the voice of the heavyset man echoed in my head . 
 my fist clenched at my side . 
 my heart ached with each shallow thump . 
 i fought against the tears welling in my eyes . 
 i saw the look of terror on my face as the skinny man mounted me , preparing to rape me . 
 i looked so helpless , so weak -- lying there , accepting my fate . 
 echoes of footsteps signaled my savior had come to rescue me , only these echoes were n't shadows of my memory . 
 the sound was real . 
 the hair on the back of my neck prickled . 
 the familiar sensation of being watched from behind struck me . 
 then i felt a calming warmth . 
 i watched as again , he stepped from the shadowed path , just as he had the night he had turned me . 
 `` lysander , '' i gasped . 
 `` what are you ... how did you ... '' i was shocked and scared , seeing him standing in front of me . 
 `` i knew you would come here , '' he said calmly . 
 there was no anger in his voice , but i knew i was in trouble for coming back here . 
 i just hoped he was n't too mad at me . 
 `` how did you know i -- ? '' 
 `` you 're not the first i 've turned , alyssa . '' 
 i gulped down a knot , forming in my throat . 
 `` please do n't be mad ... i -- '' `` i know . '' 
 lysander smiled . 
 `` you needed to have one last look . 
 it 's okay . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 i was confused by how calmly he was acting . 
 he was supposed to be angry -- no , make that livid -- that i had chosen the place of my mortal death to come back to . 
 `` it 's hard to say goodbye to your mortal life . 
 i 'm proud of you for leaving your apartment when you did . '' 
 `` you 've been following me this whole time , have n't you , '' i said coldly , remembering the vague feeling of being watched . 
 `` yes . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` i had a feeling the moment i let you out alone , you would want to come back . '' 
 `` but -- '' `` and i was right , was n't i ? '' 
 `` lysander , i 'm ... '' i was torn between fear and confusion . 
 he was acting too calm about this . 
 `` do n't worry , i 'm not mad , '' he said , raising his hand to quiet me . 
 `` you have acted very maturely about this . 
 i should have let you come make peace sooner . 
 for that , i am sorry . '' 
 i breathed a sigh of relief . 
 at least i was n't in trouble . 
 he motioned for me to walk with him . 
 `` you are a special case , alyssa . 
 most mortals are turned knowing full well what they 're getting themselves into . '' 
 we found a bench along the walkway and took a seat . 
 `` normally , when we wish to turn someone , it is because they mean something to us beforehand . 
 there is plenty of time to let them know the sacrifice they will be making . 
 to warn them of the difficulties they might face . 
 you were n't given this opportunity . '' 
 i thought about my friend ; she must have made it to my home by now and found the apartment empty . 
 would she go looking for me ? 
 would she understand my meaning when she saw the photo album ? 
 would she understand the message i was trying to convey ? 
 if only i could have said something to her . 
 just one last conversation to say good-bye . 
 `` please try not to dwell on your mortal life , '' lysander cautioned , interrupting my train of thought . 
 he was right . 
 i was dwelling . 
 i did n't want to give up ties to my old life . 
 i had not been given a choice . 
 i had not been prepared for this sacrifice . 
 it was easy to deal with the loss of my apartment and job ; but my friends , on the other hand , had been like family . 
 it was hard to accept that i could no longer call on them for support . 
 i could no longer share in the good memories or be there as comfort for the bad ones . 
 to be dead to them was the hardest sacrifice to make . 
 `` i do n't know if i could have prepared myself for this , '' i said . 
 tears welled up again in my eyes . 
 my chest ached with sadness . 
 `` i would n't have asked for this . '' 
 i wiped my face , trying not to let the tears run down . 
 `` it is a lot to ask of anyone . 
 giving up your life is something that most are unable to do . 
 i am proud of your strength , that you have dealt with this so well . '' 
 lysander 's words were comforting . 
 he gently wiped a tear from my face . 
 i looked up , finding his eyes ; the faintest hint of emotion was there , just below the surface . 
 `` did you ever go back and say good-bye to your life ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yes . '' 
 he put his arm around me and pulled me in close . 
 `` we all go back and say good-bye in our own way . 
 i visited my family 's home and looked in on them once , but never spoke to them again . 
 i knew , just as you do , that it would do more harm than good to tell them what had happened to me . '' 
 i nestled my head into his chest , listening to the faint beat of his heart . 
 it was good to know that lysander , too , had shared my pain . 
 `` i 'm sorry i did this to you , '' he whispered . 
 `` oh , no , please do n't think i resent what you have done for me . 
 i 'm glad you saved me that night , '' i said , pulling away slightly to show him the sincerity in my face . 
 he 'd been my savior . 
 even though i was saddened by the loss of my mortal life and friends , i knew he 'd given me a second chance at life . 
 `` i should n't have let it get that far , and for that i am sorry . 
 i should have stopped them before they hurt you . '' 
 that thought had crossed my mind more than once during the past week . 
 but there was no use dwelling on that fact . 
 you ca n't change the past . 
 as much as i wanted to complain , it would do no good . 
 `` i 'm still alive , and that 's what 's important , '' i said , in a small attempt to return the comforting gesture . 
 `` you would not be talking to me right now if i had taken care of them before they hurt you . '' 
 lysander was beginning to sound as depressed as i felt . 
 `` you would have gone on with your life , completely unaware of our existence . '' 
 `` yeah , and maybe , next week or the week after , i would have been attacked by some other stranger . '' 
 i gave lysander a goofy smile , trying to lighten the mood . 
 one sad vampire was enough , and i did n't like the depressed look on his face . 
 `` if you had n't noticed , i do n't really protect myself that well . '' 
 lysander returned my smile . 
 `` you do have a point there . '' 
 i loved that smile . 
 he really was a handsome man . 
 and i felt pretty lucky to be stuck with him . 
 lysander pulled me in close again . 
 his faint heartbeat lulled me . 
 i snuggled in tight against him . 
 `` i 'll get used to this , '' i said softly . 
 `` can you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 as long as you 're here with me . 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` yeah , it 's not so bad . '' 
 `` you 're not a very good liar . '' 
 `` no , really . 
 i 'm happy to be alive and here with you . '' 
 it was n't a lie . 
 i was happy to still be alive , and i did enjoy his presence , when we were n't arguing . 
 `` i just need a little more time to get used to things . '' 
 `` you have all the time in the world . '' 
 `` i just wish there was some way i could say good-bye . '' 
 lysander 's chest expanded as he sucked in a deep breath . 
 i could tell that this constant dwelling on my old life frustrated him . 
 `` there is nothing you can say that will make her or any other mortal understand . 
 she will find the photo you left out . 
 she will come to the conclusion that you are gone . 
 do n't torture yourself or her by leaving any more uncertainty out there . '' 
 i nodded against his chest , not wanting to speak . 
 lysander always seemed to be right about things ; an advantage of his age , perhaps . 
 it would be much easier for my friends to accept my death than an explanation that i was a newborn vampire stalking the streets of las vegas . 
 there really was no gentle way to break that kind of news to someone . 
 if she thought i was dead , the healing process could start for her . 
 i remembered crystal 's comforting words . 
 i was thankful fallon was alive and well , and even if i could n't see her or any other of my old friends , i knew they were still out there , living their lives . 
 lysander took my hand ; his finger ran lightly across the top of my ring . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 i looked down . 
 `` it was my mom 's . 
 she gave it to me a long time ago . '' 
 `` i see . '' 
 `` i do n't want to lose it . 
 it 's the last thing i have of her . 
 the last -- '' `` keep it . 
 there is no harm in taking a small memento . 
 let this be it , okay ? 
 let the rest go . '' 
 i looked back towards the spot where i had been attacked . 
 i knew i needed to let go . 
 i needed to leave my old life here , behind me , and move on . 
 `` i think i 'm ready to go now , lysander , '' i whispered . 
 chapter 17 * * * * * my skills were developing fast . 
 our senses and abilities were supposed to grow with age . 
 according to lysander , it could be years before i would be able to accurately read a mortal 's thoughts . 
 perhaps more than a century before i could peer into the mind of an immortal . 
 however , at this point , it required almost no effort to look at someone and instantly discern what he or she was feeling . 
 i was happy with this empathic ability and worked to focus it whenever i was near enough to someone to use it . 
 i focused on the clan , lysander , and anyone near enough for me to use as a test subject . 
 besides the strange warmth that accompanied lysander 's presence , i sensed happiness and a desire to be close . 
 you would never know this by his outward appearance . 
 his expression rarely gave way to the feelings he kept locked deep inside . 
 i could n't deny i had my own warm feelings for lysander ; but , after the embarrassment of our previous kiss , i was n't going to make an idiot of myself again . 
 still , i loved that he would smile at me as he rose every evening . 
 each time , i wanted to lean in and kiss him , but i would n't let myself . 
 i sometimes wondered if he liked me , and just did n't want to act on it . 
 was there a secret reason he held back ? 
 some unknown fear of commitment ? 
 a few days had passed since saying good-bye to my mortal life when i found myself alone in the house with lysander . 
 the clan members were all out in the city on their own , enjoying its plethora of entertainments . 
 lysander sat in the dining room . 
 he 'd spent the last couple of days camped out there , papers sprawled all over the table and a large book in front of him . 
 normally , i would have left him alone to his writing , but curiosity got the better of me . 
 he seemed so engrossed , passionately scrawling words across a page of the large book . 
 i sensed a mix of emotions , some happy and some sad . 
 they filled the space around him , like an aura surrounding his body . 
 whatever he was writing had a connection deep inside of him . 
 having only seen brief glimpses of true emotion in lysander , this new sensation piqued my curiosity . 
 i walked behind him , peering over his shoulder . 
 there was a drawing of a woman that looked like me . 
 this must have been what he was working on a few nights ago . 
 his talent for drawing , in my opinion , outmatched his ability to write . 
 every sketch i saw of his seemed to come alive on the page . 
 i grinned , admiring the picture . 
 it was like staring into a mirror . 
 he had captured every small detail : each long strand of red hair , the high arch of my widow 's peak , the faint smile lines around my mouth , and the full pout of my lips . 
 i 'd always been given compliments on how naturally full my lips were . 
 next to the picture was the word rebirth . 
 i was flattered he was writing about me , though it should not have surprised me . 
 lysander wrote down everything . 
 he had a passion for writing and the ` documenting of living history , ' as he put it . 
 i heard him say so many times , with sadness , that kallisto had his original work . 
 according to him , there was so much more of his history documented than he was able to scribble into the old and weathered tome he 'd showed me earlier . 
 this book he wrote in , though old , was much less worn than the previous book . 
 my picture and the words he wrote fell toward the end of this tome , telling me it could n't have held more than a century or two of his recent writings . 
 i hovered over lysander a bit too long , and i felt him stealing glances at me from the corner of his eye . 
 `` do you need something , alyssa ? '' 
 he asked gruffly . 
 i sat down next to him . 
 `` sorry , i just noticed your drawing . '' 
 `` it 's a crude likeness , '' he said , a note of sarcasm in his voice . 
 `` but it is not the picture that matters as much as the story that goes with it . '' 
 `` it 's beautiful , '' i said . 
 `` you 're very talented . '' 
 `` i should be , after a few thousand years of practice . '' 
 i giggled . 
 `` i guess practice does make perfect then . '' 
 he returned to focusing on his work as i glanced over at the words he had written under the title . 
 fate brings us opportunities when we least expect it . 
 i had not made an attempt to turn another in more than a century . 
 the memories of the deaths of my previous children haunted me . 
 for years , i was destined to be alone . 
 i had resigned myself unto this fate , the punishment for my own desire for freedom . 
 as fate would have it , i happened across a pair of very appealing strangers one night on my evening hunt . 
 their minds were filled with thoughts of sexual conquest and their energy was a succulent mix of power and adrenaline . 
 i savored the thought of their blood as i peered into their minds . 
 they planned their attack , not knowing they would soon be my prey . 
 morbid curiosity stopped me from acting before it was too late , and alyssa became their prey before i took my chance to attack . 
 i regret that my fascination with the brutality of their attack prevented me from stopping them before they had done too much damage . 
 i should have acted before she crossed their paths . 
 she was an innocent . 
 a young woman . 
 too young to die . 
 i knew she was far too injured to survive if i left her . 
 my sloth in attacking would be the cause of her innocent death , and i could not allow it . 
 she did not deserve death , so i granted her immortality . 
 the sincerity in his words was so refreshing . 
 it seemed the wall he 'd built up around himself could n't hide emotions from his written words . 
 perhaps there was some real feeling there . 
 i reread the passage again . 
 the memories of the deaths of my previous children haunted me . 
 for years , i was destined to be alone . 
 `` what happened to your other children ? 
 you 've been alone for a long time , have n't you ? '' 
 i asked cautiously . 
 i had a feeling . 
 intuition . 
 i knew what the answer would be before i 'd even asked the question . 
 the warning we had received from edmond and the prior history lesson lysander had given me was enough to tell me kallisto had had something to do with it . 
 `` i do not wish to talk about it , alyssa . '' 
 his voice sounded hoarse , as if he struggled to keep the emotion down . 
 `` you do not need to know those details . '' 
 i sensed the ache in lysander 's heart . 
 it must cause him physical pain to bury the memories , and i was just drawing them out with my questioning . 
 his reaction confirmed my suspicion . 
 i leaned over , wrapping my arms around him in a comforting embrace . 
 `` forget i said anything . 
 i 'm sorry i mentioned it . '' 
 lysander returned the gesture . 
 i felt his muscles relax as he let out a deep breath . 
 we sat there for a moment , wordlessly holding one another before i released him . 
 i pulled back , finding his eyes and held their gaze , admiring the beautiful flecks of blue . 
 this time , to my surprise , it was he who leaned in and gently pressed his lips to mine . 
 the flood of emotions came rushing to the surface like an electric charge . 
 he tightened his arms around me , embracing me , guiding me closer to his body as our lips and tongues danced together . 
 i lost myself in the moment , knowing the desire was truly mutual between us . 
 his lips were soft and sweet . 
 i could have spent an eternity kissing them . 
 flames of desire ignited inside of me . 
 without warning , he pulled away . 
 `` no , we ca n't do this , '' he said , turning away from me . 
 he covered his mouth with his hand . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i gasped , catching my breath . 
 this was n't the reaction i expected from him . 
 did i do something wrong ? 
 `` no . 
 we ca n't do this , '' he said again . 
 i turned away , too , feeling embarrassed , rejected again by lysander . 
 `` no , alyssa , it 's not that i do n't want you . '' 
 he reached out and grabbed my hand , stopping me from getting up and escaping to the bathroom again . 
 `` believe me , i would love nothing more than to be with you . 
 i just ca n't . 
 everyone i care for -- everyone i bring into this life -- dies . '' 
 it was the first time i had seen emotion like this from him . 
 i took his face into my hands , looking deeply into his eyes . 
 `` you have already saved me from death once , lysander . '' 
 `` once may not be enough . '' 
 i felt his emotional battle , and understood the mix of signals i had been getting from him . 
 i realized that chance had brought us together that night on campus and his refusal to let me die had entwined our fates . 
 he did n't want me to die , but turning me might have sealed that as my future fate anyway . 
 kallisto 's looming threat weighed heavy on his heart . 
 his other children must have somehow fallen to their deaths by her command . 
 `` once was probably more than i deserved , '' i whispered . 
 `` you deserve to live without worry . '' 
 `` there will always be something to worry about , lysander . 
 you 're telling me you wo n't get close to me because i might die someday . '' 
 `` you are sometimes surprisingly wise , alyssa , far beyond your short years . '' 
 `` not wise enough to avoid walking darkened streets at night , '' i added with a wink and a giggle , hoping to lighten the mood . 
 lysander shook his head . 
 `` you certainly do n't make this any easier , tempting fate as you do , by always wanting to go off alone . 
 you never listen to my warnings . 
 kallisto 's threat is real , and i still have not figured out what to do about her coven . '' 
 `` what is the deal with this kallisto lady anyway ? 
 why does she hide behind messengers and her coven ? '' 
 `` that 's the source of her power . 
 she 's smart , and she 's very good at manipulation . 
 she has an entire army of vampires at her command . 
 that is why she wields so much power . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` and , i feel like i ca n't protect you , alyssa . 
 you 're too stubborn for your own good . '' 
 `` i know , i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm not used to people caring for me . '' 
 `` i do n't want to lose you . 
 i do n't want to lose another person i care for , but if you wo n't listen to me , if you wo n't let me protect ... '' `` what if you got her alone ? '' 
 `` easier said than done , alyssa . 
 but ... '' he held a finger up . 
 his eyebrow arched and a smile crept across his face . 
 `` though you do have a point . 
 without her coven , she is nothing . 
 she has no real strength or skills to fight . '' 
 `` so that 's it ! 
 get kallisto alone and take care of her . 
 then our problems with the coven are over , and you can stop worrying about me . '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` i do like you , lysander , and i want to get closer to you . '' 
 i leaned in for another kiss . 
 what was i doing ? 
 shocked again by my own forwardness , i pulled back quickly , looking bashfully into lysander 's big blue-gray eyes . 
 `` sorry , i ... '' he pulled me onto his lap . 
 i straddled him on the chair . 
 the bulging evidence of his desire in his pants grew larger as i brushed against it . 
 his lips again found mine , claiming my mouth . 
 i ground into his hardness . 
 his hand snaked up my back and took a fistful of my hair . 
 a shiver raced down my spine . 
 gently , he pulled my head backward , trailing kisses down the bare skin of my neck . 
 he awakened feelings i had been trying so hard to ignore . 
 heat pulsed between my legs . 
 i ground harder into his body . 
 the familiar pinch came as his teeth broke through my skin . 
 i moaned softly , arching my neck further , allowing him to drink . 
 the slow gentle pull of his soft lips at my neck made me swoon . 
 my body melted as desire burned throughout me . 
 i needed this . 
 i needed lysander . 
 i reached out , my hands finding his face as he released my neck . 
 i pushed him toward my lips again and traced the outline of his mouth with my tongue , savoring the tiny drops of my blood left behind . 
 the sugary-sweet taste excited me further . 
 i gripped his hair , tangling my fingers in his feather-soft tresses . 
 in one quick motion , lysander got up , lifting me with him out of the chair . 
 our lips did not part as he carried me to his bedroom . 
 chapter 18 * * * * * i awoke the next evening wrapped in lysander 's arms . 
 i smiled to myself as i rolled over to greet my new lover . 
 it would n't take an empath to know that lysander was happy . 
 i saw the serene look on his face . 
 `` good evening , '' he said as he reached out to run his fingers through my hair . 
 `` yes , it is good , '' i sighed . 
 i rested on the pillow , looking up at my lysander . 
 i liked that thought . 
 my lysander . 
 memories repeated like a broken record , replaying the pleasures of the previous evening over and over . 
 god , that was good . 
 lysander chuckled . 
 `` your mind is like an open book , alyssa , '' he teased . 
 `` you make no effort to hide your inner monologue . '' 
 hide my inner monologue ? 
 `` what ? '' 
 i can hear your thoughts . 
 his voice was in my head , speaking as loudly as if he had said the words , but his lips had n't moved . 
 `` stop that , '' i demanded . 
 `` get out of my head . '' 
 lysander gave me a boyish grin . 
 you will have to learn to stop me , then , he taunted playfully , speaking inside of my head . 
 heat rose to my cheeks . 
 i rolled away to hide my red face . 
 `` i did not mean to embarrass you , alyssa . 
 i am happy i could please you last night . 
 i want you to be happy . '' 
 i felt the pressure of his hand as he rubbed lightly on my back . 
 `` i do n't like you in my head like that , '' i grumbled into the pillow . 
 he ran his fingertips down the length of my arm . 
 `` alyssa , i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` why did n't you tell me you could do this ? 
 you 're supposed to be teaching me . 
 how long have you been eavesdropping on my private thoughts ? '' 
 he took a deep breath . 
 `` i see we are already back to arguing . 
 that did not last long . '' 
 `` we would n't argue if you were n't always hiding things from me . 
 and do n't give me any of that crap about it being in my best interest . '' 
 lysander sighed . 
 `` you are right . 
 i should have tried . 
 i was n't sure you were strong enough yet . 
 it can take centuries for young vampires to learn the mental arts . '' 
 he pulled at me , trying to get me to roll back over and look at him . 
 `` how long have you been poking around in my head ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` it comes naturally to me , alyssa . 
 it is one of our abilities . 
 i do n't intentionally read you , but you speak so clearly in your own head , it is hard not to hear you . '' 
 i rolled over , shooting him an angry look . 
 i wondered how many times he 'd read exactly what i was thinking . 
 what embarrassing information had he been able to glean from my thoughts ? 
 `` i was going to teach you how to block this when i thought you were strong enough . '' 
 `` how do you know my strength if you do n't test it ? 
 quit coddling me ! '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 he paused for a moment . 
 his brow furrowed and a faint growl rumbled in his chest . 
 `` you always have to find something to fight with me about , do n't you ? '' 
 i snapped at him , mocking his tone . 
 `` maybe if you treated me like an adult , instead of -- '' `` fine , you want to be tested , '' he interrupted , sitting up against the headboard . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` it wo n't be easy . '' 
 `` i do n't care . '' 
 `` i 'm not sure you 're ready for this . '' 
 `` quit acting like i 'm a baby . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` fine , then bite me . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` just like i showed you before . 
 you are so strong and powerful , try to bite me and make me want it , '' he commanded . 
 he crossed his arms , his face suddenly blanked of any emotion . 
 i closed my eyes and centered myself , calming my nerves . 
 when i opened them , i focused on lysander , trying to glean his emotional state . 
 i felt defiance . 
 hmm , this is different . 
 his emotional wall built up again , blocking my read , not allowing me to see what was lying beneath . 
 the hard , cold exterior i 'd come to know was back . 
 he returned to the lysander he 'd been before we 'd had sex . 
 i gave him my most determined stare , trying to match the power in his eyes with my own . 
 you want me as i want you , i thought , calling up the desire i felt for him , willing him to feel the same . 
 lysander broke my stare . 
 he yawned and stretched , completely unaffected by my attempt . 
 `` you 're not off to a very good start , are you , alyssa ? '' 
 his tone mocked me . 
 what the hell ? 
 why is n't this working ? 
 i again tried to call up my feelings and regain our connection . 
 i mounted him , pushing him down to the mattress , and stared down at his face . 
 again , i tried to will my feelings to him , but lysander 's face was not placid , it was determined . 
 he was fighting against my efforts , and i could see i was having no effect on him . 
 am i doing something wrong ? 
 why is n't this working ? 
 `` because i do not allow it . '' 
 his eyes remained locked into mine , giving me the full force of his powerful stare . 
 a gray haze rolled into my head and suddenly i felt stricken with unexplainable fear . 
 lysander pushed me off him , and i flopped backwards on the bed . 
 he rolled me onto my back and forced my hands above my head . 
 terror filled me , paralyzing me as he held me to the mattress . 
 he straddled my torso and lowered his head to my face . 
 `` fight me , '' he taunted , showing me his sharp fangs . 
 lysander towered over me . 
 his eyes glowed eerily . 
 his face appeared twisted with rage . 
 `` do you think you 're strong enough now ? '' 
 he growled . 
 `` is this what you wanted ? '' 
 i could n't move . 
 my heart raced , pounding in my chest . 
 i gasped for air as he inched his evil face closer to mine . 
 his teeth grazed my skin . 
 i shouted , `` no ! '' 
 lysander retreated , sitting next to me on the bed . 
 still panic-stricken from his mental attack , i lay there trembling , wondering why he had done this . 
 he stroked my hair . 
 `` it 's all right , alyssa , calm down . 
 it was only a test . '' 
 his voice became soft and almost melodic . 
 `` you asked for this . 
 remember , it does not pay to be filled with hubris , for nemesis is always close behind . '' 
 the soothing effect of his voice helped ease me back into reality as the fuzziness left my head . 
 i was able to think clearly again . 
 `` what 's that supposed to mean ? '' 
 i groaned in frustration . 
 `` it means do n't get a big head , or someone might pop it . '' 
 `` i thought i was ready . 
 i guess i 'm still too weak . '' 
 `` you are not weak because you could n't defend yourself against me , '' lysander said soothingly . 
 `` i have well over two thousand years of experience , and you 're still quite new to this . '' 
 i was only slightly comforted by lysander 's words . 
 i still felt weak though . 
 sitting up , i looked at lysander 's face . 
 gone was the frightening expression ; he had returned to the beautiful greek god i had found myself falling for . 
 `` why do n't we try to match you with someone a little closer to your age ? '' 
 he suggested . 
 `` we can ask jessie to assist us . 
 she will be a better match for you . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 he pulled me close , wrapping his arms around me . 
 `` you are not weak . 
 stubborn , yes , but not weak . '' 
 lysander left me alone to compose myself while he went to join the clan in the living room . 
 i sat quietly in the darkness , struggling with my insecurities . 
 what if i 'm unable to stop a young vampire , too ? 
 what if lysander is wrong ? 
 what if pairing me with jessie proves i really am weak ? 
 i knew i could n't hide in the bedroom forever . 
 i would have to face lysander and the clan . 
 in my arrogance , i had demanded this test , and now i would have to take it . 
 slowly , i walked out into the living room . 
 as usual , the house was already abuzz ; the clan members were all early risers . 
 lysander and nicholas sat in the living room , deep in discussion . 
 i joined them , giving lysander a meek smile as i sat down . 
 `` nicholas , i need to test alyssa 's defenses , but i 'm afraid i am too much to handle for one so young . '' 
 lysander winked at me . 
 `` do you think jessie might assist us ? '' 
 `` if you can find her , ask her , '' nicholas responded , a hint of irritation in his voice . 
 `` find her ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` she does n't stay with the clan much , '' said rozaline , entering the room . 
 `` lately , she 's been a bit of a loner . 
 out at sunset and back before dawn most nights . '' 
 rozaline joined us on the couch , taking a seat next to her mate . 
 `` since our last trip to california , she has become more and more reclusive . 
 it 's a little troubling . '' 
 `` she is planning to leave us , '' nicholas added . 
 `` she seems to enjoy this city . '' 
 `` why would she leave you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` we 've seen it many times before , '' said rozaline . 
 `` the young ones tire of constant travel very quickly . 
 once we move to a city that they think they will like , they try to set down roots , asking us to leave just before we head out again . '' 
 `` we have no need to keep her if she wants to leave us , '' said nicholas . 
 `` what he means is , we do n't force anyone to stay with us if they do not want to , '' rozaline added . 
 nicholas gave lysander a telling look . 
 `` of course , if she is planning to stay here , she may ask to stay with you . 
 that is , until she is settled . '' 
 `` we will discuss that if and when it comes up , '' lysander said sternly . 
 i doubted lysander wanted to have a random vampire living in his home . 
 it was one thing to bring in the clan as a group . 
 but a young , single vampire looking to escape her family posed new problems , especially one who constantly disappeared without a word . 
 i could n't put my finger on it , but i did n't trust jessie . 
 she was n't like the other clan members . 
 i wondered why she was with them . 
 she never wanted to do anything with them as a group . 
 `` i still need some assistance with alyssa 's training . 
 what about damon ? '' 
 lysander asked , bringing the conversation back on point . 
 rozaline perked up . 
 `` i 'm afraid crystal took damon out tonight . 
 i would be happy to help . 
 what do you need me to do ? '' 
 a small frown played across lysander 's face . 
 `` i was hoping to match her with someone younger . 
 she had a bit of a struggle with me . '' 
 embarrassment washed over me again . 
 it felt like lysander was broadcasting my weakness to the whole world . 
 i lowered my head staring at the carpet , not wanting to face nicholas or rozaline . 
 rozaline seemed to understand my embarrassment . 
 `` she is still very young , lysander . 
 you ca n't expect her to defend against an ancient when she has only been recently turned . '' 
 rozaline moved , sitting next to me on the loveseat . 
 she placed her arm over my slouching body . 
 `` you must learn to walk before you can run , '' she whispered . 
 i sat up slowly , looking at lysander and then at rozaline . 
 `` please , teach me , '' i said , my voice wavering with a flood of nervousness . 
 rozaline 's lips stretched into a smile , reaching all the way to her sparkling eyes . 
 `` the first thing you must know is that a vampire need only look at you to glean the information from your mind . 
 to control it , however , a vampire must first have eye contact . 
 the eyes are the window to the soul . 
 once inside , a vampire can make you feel whatever she wants . '' 
 i nodded , turning my eyes back to the floor . 
 i did n't want another surprise attack . 
 `` good , alyssa . '' 
 rozaline chuckled . 
 `` that 's your first defense . 
 do n't give a vampire the opportunity to attack you . 
 unless you 're mentally prepared for an attack , avoid eye contact with strangers . '' 
 anxiety crept into my mind . 
 i suddenly felt like everyone was watching me , hoping to see me fail . 
 i gritted my teeth and kept my focus firmly on the carpet , not wanting to make any eye contact with the others in this room . 
 do n't be afraid , alyssa , lysander whispered in my mind . 
 `` please , alyssa , do n't be afraid . 
 this is how you learn . 
 we wo n't mock you , '' rozaline said soothingly . 
 she lightly rubbed my back . 
 `` remember , we want you to learn . '' 
 `` clear your mind , and close your eyes , '' lysander said . 
 `` note the darkness , and focus on it . 
 think of that darkness surrounding you and your thoughts . '' 
 i did as instructed , closing my eyes . 
 everything went dark . 
 following his instructions , i imagined the darkness as a thick curtain between us . 
 i hope i 'm doing this right . 
 i focused on blocking out lysander and the others , keeping my thoughts shielded behind this dark curtain . 
 `` now , open your eyes , '' lysander said . 
 i did it and instantly the curtain faded . 
 my mind opened as my eyes flooded with light . 
 i ca n't do this . 
 `` keep your mind in the darkness , alyssa . 
 do n't let a little light affect you , '' rozaline prompted . 
 i closed my eyes and focused again , again imagining the darkness like a thick curtain blocking lysander and the others on the outside . 
 slowly , i opened my eyes , focusing hard on separating myself from the others . 
 my mind was silent as i looked up to lysander . 
 `` good , '' he praised me . 
 i smiled , feeling accomplished . 
 i took a deep , cleansing breath and tried to keep my mind blank . 
 `` now , '' said lysander . 
 `` the same principle applies to defending against a mental attack . 
 you must put up a barrier and break eye contact immediately . '' 
 drew entered the room . 
 `` what 's going on ? ' 
 he questioned . 
 `` drew is younger than we are . 
 try him . 
 i think he would be a good match . '' 
 nicholas turned towards drew . 
 `` come here and help us , will you ? '' 
 drew walked over with a puzzled look on his face . 
 `` we 're teaching alyssa to block her mind , '' nicholas continued . 
 `` this should be fun , '' said drew . 
 `` what should i do ? '' 
 `` fear , '' said lysander . 
 `` or lust , '' added nicholas . 
 `` lust is a fun one to work with . '' 
 drew gave me a small wink . 
 `` no , '' lysander interrupted . 
 my eyes flashed to his face . 
 i saw the slight curl of his lip , revealing a bright , white fang , hinting his annoyance at drew 's suggestion . 
 `` fear will be fine . 
 she should learn to defend against that first . '' 
 drew nodded at lysander , and without a word , his friendly smile faded . 
 drew 's face was n't one i would associate with fear . 
 he seemed a gentle giant , almost always carrying a smile ; but at that moment , all that gentleness vanished . 
 he stood rigid in front of me . 
 his hands clasped behind his back . 
 his mouth hardened into a grimace as his eyes narrowed , focusing on me . 
 `` look at me , alyssa , '' he commanded . 
 his voice was harsh as he ordered me to look into his eyes . 
 i knew the second my eyes met his , i would feel that dizzying rush . 
 my head would become fuzzy as it filled with terror . 
 lowering my head , i locked my vision on the grain of the carpet below my feet . 
 `` look at me , '' he commanded again . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no , i do n't want to . '' 
 `` you must try , '' urged rozaline . 
 `` this is how you learn . '' 
 i took a deep breath and closed my eyes . 
 i tried to focus on the darkness , the emptiness , the safety behind the imaginary barrier that would shield me from any outsider . 
 slowly opening my eyes , i looked up . 
 drew 's face was hard . 
 his smile twisted with the horror he wanted me to feel . 
 his eyes pierced mine and forced me backward into the couch . 
 i forgot about protecting my mind . 
 my defenses dropped . 
 the room spun . 
 my mind suddenly felt clouded with irrational fear . 
 i gasped for air as he inched closer to me . 
 `` fight him , '' rozaline said . 
 `` block him out . 
 look away . '' 
 she sounded as if she spoke from a great distance , even though she sat next to me . 
 i could n't turn my head . 
 i could n't focus on anything else in the room . 
 i could n't take my eyes off his . 
 drew 's stare pierced into my soul . 
 part of me knew i should fight , the same part that heard rozaline pleading with me to look away , but i was powerless . 
 my body remained frozen in place as drew continued to draw closer , bringing himself down to my level . 
 my eyes remained locked in his frightening stare , as the echoes of pleading from rozaline slowly faded into silence . 
 a hand waved in front of my face . 
 the cloudiness in my mind faded . 
 the room stopped spinning and i saw drew on his knees in front of me . 
 `` are you all right , alyssa ? '' 
 he asked . 
 gone was the harshness . 
 just as with lysander , as soon as it was over , he returned back to his friendly and kind appearance . 
 i breathed a sigh of relief at being released from his frightening gaze . 
 i nodded , trying to find the strength to answer . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i know this is hard , '' drew said . 
 `` if it 's any consolation , crystal still keeps me under her power . '' 
 he winked and gave a little chuckle . 
 i smiled . 
 `` no one gets it the first time , hon , '' rozaline comforted me . 
 technically , that would be the second time tonight . 
 i sat up , breathing slowly , trying to regain composure . 
 `` i want to try it again , '' i said weakly . 
 `` i need to get this right . '' 
 i was determined not to fail . 
 i did n't want to be weak and vulnerable . 
 if the others could do it , i would learn to do it as well . 
 `` give yourself a few moments rest , alyssa , '' said lysander . 
 `` no ! 
 i want to do it again , '' i demanded , regaining my will . 
 `` so stubborn , '' lysander sighed , shaking his head . 
 i took a deep breath and closed my eyes again and called on the dark emptiness to shield me . 
 `` are you sure you 're ready , alyssa ? '' 
 drew asked , a note of concern in his voice . 
 i sucked in a deep breath and blew it out slowly . 
 `` ready as i 'll ever be . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 drew shrugged his shoulders . 
 `` you know you do n't get points for determination , right ? '' 
 `` i have to try . '' 
 i met drew 's cold stare . 
 his face had regained the horrifying twisted smile . 
 i fought the dizziness as the clouds rolled into my mind . 
 my body pushed back into the couch again as my heart raced in my chest . 
 blink , i thought . 
 blink , break eye contact . 
 my vision fluttered for a moment . 
 flashes of black and white light passed before my eyes `` she 's fighting , '' i heard rozaline 's distant voice say . 
 drew 's eyes bored further into my head . 
 my mind became foggy . 
 flashes of darkness and light , as my eyes opened and shut , floated into my consciousness , but i could n't break the connection . 
 my head ached as i fought to keep blinking . 
 `` that is enough for now , '' lysander said . 
 i felt a comforting arm around me . 
 the hazy feeling receded . 
 rozaline hugged me . 
 `` you 're off to a good start , dear . 
 please remember , it takes time to master this skill . '' 
 `` you 're doing pretty well , '' drew said . 
 `` but let 's try not to burn your brain out in one night . 
 remember , i 've got a few hundred years on you . 
 the fact that you were able to blink is an achievement . 
 give it a rest now . '' 
 i accepted the small victory , not wanting to attempt another round . 
 trying to stop the mental advance of one who was many hundreds of years my senior had taken all my energy . 
 `` we will work on this more later , alyssa , '' lysander said . 
 together , his voice whispered in my head . 
 `` let that be enough testing for one night . '' 
 will i ever be able to hear your mind ? 
 i asked in my mind , hoping lysander would hear me . 
 yes , but it takes a long while to develop your skills . 
 we will work together on this , he whispered mentally . 
 `` yeah , my head is aching . 
 i 'd like to go hunt now . 
 thank you all for your help . '' 
 my head pounded and the pangs of hunger nagged at me . 
 it was best i headed out to hunt . 
 lysander decided to join me , giving us a chance to have some quality time together . 
 chapter 19 * * * * * the peregrinus were preparing to leave , claiming they 'd spent too much time visiting . 
 as the saying goes , all good things must come to an end . 
 though i cared for lysander , i was n't ready for him to be my sole companion . 
 having the clan around made me feel like i was part of a large family . 
 that was something i 'd never really experienced before . 
 my human family had never been close . 
 the call of the open road and the unknown was irresistible to them . 
 the peregrinus were always on the move , never settling in one place for too long . 
 i pleaded with rozaline to stay just a few more days . 
 `` i 'm sorry , alyssa , '' she said . 
 `` the clan grows restless when we stay in one place for too long . 
 we will be back again , i promise . '' 
 `` but it 's only been a couple of weeks . 
 why travel so soon anyway ? 
 it 's not like you 're heading home . '' 
 `` we only meant to stopover for a couple of days . 
 i 'm flattered you want us to stay , and we will miss you , but the open road is our home and we must be on our way . '' 
 `` how can the road be anyone 's home ? '' 
 i asked stubbornly . 
 `` i wish there were a good way to explain this to you , alyssa . 
 it is hard to appreciate , but traveling is what keeps us going . 
 life can not stagnate if you are always on the move . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` you 're quite young still , and do not yet know the weight of the years , '' said rozaline . 
 `` we travel to keep moving with time , and experience all the changes of the world . 
 eternity is a very long time . 
 how long will it be before you too tire of just existing , before you bore yourself with the daily grind of hunting and sleeping in this city ? '' 
 i had never given thought to eternity and how long it was . 
 immortality was still a vague concept to me . 
 if that was the case , why did n't lysander travel like the peregrinus ? 
 `` alyssa , every immortal must find their own way in this world . 
 ours is the way of the road . 
 you 'll find yours in time . '' 
 i wondered if i would ever get used to having my mind read so easily . 
 it took so much energy to close my thoughts . 
 i did n't bother at most times . 
 rozaline 's words did n't make sense to me . 
 i did n't understand how the years had weight . 
 `` the first couple hundred years might slip by before you realize the full weight of eternity , alyssa . 
 life can get boring very quickly if you do not take opportunities to experience all you can . 
 boredom has led to the suicide of many an immortal . 
 they lose the spark of life that keeps us going . '' 
 i remembered lysander 's history lesson . 
 he too talked of once wanting to end it all , to give in to eternal sleep . 
 it seemed writing was what kept him alive , just as travel kept the peregrinus going . 
 `` the world is constantly changing , '' rozaline added . 
 `` through our travels , we get to watch those changes unfold . '' 
 i knew there was nothing i could do to convince them to stay any longer . 
 i retreated to the loveseat in the living room . 
 depression washed through me . 
 i was n't ready for them to leave , and a small part of me wanted to go with them . 
 i 'd hardly gotten over the loss of my mortal friends . 
 the peregrinus had kept me busy , teaching me and training me , leaving me no time to dwell on the things and people i 'd lost . 
 now that they too would be going , i would have no distractions to prevent me from dwelling on my losses . 
 ten o’clock came and i heard the familiar action news theme music playing on the tv . 
 news anchors began teasing the top stories of the night . 
 nicholas walked into the room and took his usual spot on the couch . 
 he had a fascination with the news , and since the arrival of the peregrinus , the news was everywhere in our house . 
 papers were strewn about the living room : small press journals , large city newspapers , and sometimes even a tabloid or two could be found stuffed into the couch cushion . 
 i was tired of hearing random stories of murders , car accidents , stock market reports , and the housing boom , so i paid no real attention . 
 i sat back on the loveseat , daydreaming about traveling and seeing new places with the clan . 
 i wonder if i could convince lysander to travel , for a vacation or something small , just something to get us out to see some new sights . 
 we could easily make it to the beach in his suv . 
 something was said that caught nicholas 's attention . 
 i saw him quickly grab the tv remote . 
 he upped the volume , drowning out the sounds of the rest of the house . 
 the authoritative voice of the female news reporter stole my focus from daydreaming . 
 `` ... will be welcoming these visitors as they tour local parishes in the city . 
 quentin kagan , a spokesperson from the vatican , has been working with local parishes to ... '' `` they 're here , '' nicholas growled . 
 lysander came into the room with a concerned look on his face . 
 `` who 's here ? '' 
 `` the saints , '' nicholas growled again , as he threw down the remote control . 
 i sank into the loveseat . 
 fears of the saints breaking in through the windows , exposing us to daylight , filled my mind . 
 `` are we sure it is the saints , the real acta sanctorum -- not just a bishop or a cardinal here for some feast day or church opening ? '' 
 lysander asked , a note of concern in his voice . 
 `` they said quentin kagan . 
 he 's santino 's handler . 
 it would n't matter if they had n't said his name . 
 think about it , lysander . 
 why would rome choose to send any visitors from the vatican to vegas ? 
 sin city has never before deserved their attention . 
 why now ? '' 
 drew entered the room . 
 `` did i just hear you say the saints are here ? '' 
 `` how many times am i going to have to repeat myself ? 
 yes , they 're here , '' nicholas replied . 
 `` you can thank kallisto for that . 
 she 's drawn too much attention to that coven of hers . '' 
 `` if you 're right , '' rozaline said , `` we must be extra careful not to make the same mistake ourselves . '' 
 `` no ! 
 what we need to do is leave . 
 now , '' nicholas said . 
 my heart sped up , beating frantically against my chest . 
 i agreed with nicholas . 
 i wanted to get the hell out of this city , now . 
 i did n't want to end up a victim of the acta sanctorum . 
 lysander took a spot next to me on the loveseat , placing his hand on my knee , a gesture i assumed was meant to comfort me . 
 `` let 's not jump to conclusions too quickly -- '' nicholas interrupted . 
 `` do you want to take a risk that i 'm wrong ? 
 you want to be a sitting duck when they attack ? '' 
 `` if they are here , they are here for kallisto , '' lysander said calmly . 
 `` and that takes care of any problems i 've had with her . '' 
 `` lysander , you know it is not wise to be in the city when they are actively hunting , '' rozaline protested . 
 `` any suspicious activity will come under great scrutiny now . '' 
 `` if kallisto knows of you , then the saints will find you , '' nicholas said coldly . 
 `` nicholas is right , '' drew said with a heavy sigh . 
 `` lysander , is it really worth waiting to see if they attack you ? '' 
 `` you all make a strong argument , '' lysander said . 
 `` travel with us , '' urged rozaline . 
 `` it would do you good to get out of the city for a little while . '' 
 `` can we go with them ? '' 
 i pleaded . 
 i wanted nothing to do with the saints . 
 if they were here , i wanted to be far away . 
 i was sold on the idea of travel before lysander had even begun to think about it . 
 the saints threat was a perfect excuse to get lysander to go . 
 `` lysander , you know you must go with us , '' rozaline urged . 
 `` there is no use risking yourself and alyssa , '' nicholas added . 
 `` we can make room for you in our vehicle , '' drew said . 
 lysander nodded slowly . 
 `` you are right , for the safety of all , it is best we leave . 
 at least until this threat is over . '' 
 i breathed a sigh of relief . 
 i wanted to go immediately , but preparations had to be made before we left . 
 the clan was told to start packing as soon as they returned from their evening 's hunt . 
 crystal and damon rushed to start packing the rv as soon as they arrived at the house , while i helped lysander secure all of his prized books and writings . 
 he could n't bear to be away from them and refused to leave them , in case the house was attacked . 
 while packing them into a box , i noticed the book that lysander had recently been writing in . 
 i opened it , scanning the pages and admiring the various sketches . 
 i saw drawings of vampires i recognized . 
 members of the peregrinus had pages dedicated to them . 
 i smiled , finding pages for nicholas , rozaline , crystal , and drew . 
 as i flipped further into the book , i noticed a frightening sketch of a grizzled older man . 
 surrounded by a lion 's mane of salt-and-pepper hair , his face was ugly and horribly scarred . 
 the man seemed to stare me down from the page as if he would jump out and grab me . 
 there was a note written under the picture . 
 santino vitale . 
 first among the holy damned . 
 lysander walked into the room as i stared at the sketch . 
 `` ah , i see you found the saint . '' 
 `` who is he ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he jabbed his finger at the picture . 
 `` he is the reason the acta sanctorum has become so powerful . '' 
 `` one man ? 
 how does one man strike so much fear into the hearts of immortals ? '' 
 `` do you remember rozaline mentioning that rome wanted to fight us on our own level ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` he is how they did it . 
 he is the first acta sanctorum hunter . 
 a vampire like us , and a cold-blooded killer . '' 
 `` but why does he kill his own kind ? 
 how did the acta sanctorum convince a vampire to turn on his own kind ? '' 
 `` they own him . 
 he 's their attack dog . 
 they granted him his immortality . '' 
 that did n't make any sense . 
 `` how did the church give him immortality ? '' 
 lysander stared at the ceiling for a moment , as if trying to recall a memory . 
 `` i 'm not quite sure of all the details , but i 've been told the acta sanctorum had been mildly successful in taking on small covens . 
 but they struggled to find new ways to eradicate our kind . 
 the casualties of fighting a war with immortal creatures , the unnatural as they called us , left their ranks depleted of willing soldiers . 
 they decided to try to level the playing field . '' 
 lysander took the book away from me ; he stared at the picture for a moment before turning the page . 
 `` no one knows his mortal name . 
 he 's been santino since he first appeared with the acta sanctorum . 
 what i do know of his mortal life is that he was a mercenary , and quite an accomplished killer . 
 he loved war and fighting . 
 it did n't matter who he fought as long as the price was right . 
 eventually , as happens to all mortals , he aged . 
 he lost his strength and ability to fight . 
 illness took hold of him . 
 his time drew to an end , as it does with all men . 
 legend says that at his last rites , a priest made him an offer : a cure for his illness and age . '' 
 `` immortality , '' i gasped the words . 
 `` yes . 
 in exchange for his service as a soldier of the acta sanctorum , they would make him immortal . '' 
 `` but how is that possible ? 
 you turned me by feeding me your blood . '' 
 `` somehow , they managed to entomb a vampire . 
 no one knows how they did it . 
 maybe they killed the vampire and drained him , or they convinced the poor vampire to do it willingly . 
 however it happened , santino was turned and dubbed their new immortal soldier . 
 he heads up the team of hunters that has raided covens all across europe . '' 
 `` teams ? 
 there are more than one ? '' 
 my mouth hung open at this fresh disturbing news . 
 a shiver danced down my spine . 
 i dropped the book into the box next to me . 
 `` careful with that book , '' lysander snapped . 
 `` i do n't know how many are out there . 
 i 've been told he has sired at least two others in the last hundred years , but there could be many more . '' 
 i shuddered . 
 i now had a face to put to my nightmares of the saints . 
 lysander put his hand on my shoulder . 
 `` they are ruthless killers and expert hunters . 
 when the main force of the acta sanctorum raids a coven house , he and his disciples wait and hunt down those that try to escape . '' 
 `` so the acta sanctorum controls him ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` there is no reasoning with him ? '' 
 `` they have him so brainwashed that he will do anything they ask of him , '' lysander said scornfully . 
 `` he thinks he will be granted pardon for all his earthly sins once he destroys the last of our kind . 
 they have told him that when it is over , he will be welcomed into heaven . '' 
 `` does n't he see that he is one of us ? 
 that he is our kind and is no better than we are ? '' 
 lysander shook his head and sighed . 
 `` he does n't associate himself with us . 
 to him , we are all monsters to be put down , and he is working god 's will by destroying us . '' 
 `` wo n't the church just destroy him when they are all done ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 lysander laughed . 
 `` but he wo n't listen to that blasphemy . 
 he will not listen to reason . 
 he only listens to the acta sanctorum and its leaders in rome . '' 
 `` you sound like you have dealt with him before . '' 
 lysander 's face contorted into a grimace . 
 `` i 've escaped him on a few occasions , yes . 
 he 's grown quite strong , feeding off the blood of other immortals . 
 he is quite a force to be reckoned with . 
 if nicholas is correct and he knows of my home or learns of it through his dealing with kallisto , we will not be safe . 
 the acta sanctorum will attack by day , and those that survive will be hunted down by nightfall . '' 
 `` so should n't we leave now ? '' 
 i asked , tossing a few more things into the box . 
 `` my guess is they will go after the main coven first . 
 that is the big target . 
 we should have a few days before they attack the smaller locations . 
 but , to be safe , we will leave at dusk tomorrow . 
 now , let 's finish getting packed . '' 
 the urgency brought on by the threat of the acta sanctorum 's presence could be felt all over the house . 
 we managed to pack everything we needed in only a few short hours , leaving no real time for me to hunt . 
 hunger would be a problem . 
 i needed blood more frequently than the older ones . 
 most of the clan had already gone out to hunt for the night , and those that had returned did n't wish to risk another outing . 
 `` will you hunt with me tonight , lysander ? '' 
 i asked sweetly . 
 i wanted him to go with me . 
 the new threat of the saints made me feel like enemies were all around . 
 he and nicholas were busy planning a safe spot to retreat to . 
 he barely took his eyes away from the map on the dining room table . 
 `` please try to find someone else to go with you tonight . '' 
 `` everyone has already gone for the night , '' i whined . 
 `` i 'm sorry , alyssa , '' he said . 
 `` there is still much to do . '' 
 i sat sulking out on the front porch when jessie arrived . 
 she 'd been away most of this evening , as usual , and seemed unaware of the situation with the acta sanctorum . 
 she was my last hope for a hunting partner . 
 thankfully , and much to my surprise , she jumped at the idea of going out again . 
 she smiled and eagerly offered to take me out . 
 `` i 've got the perfect spot to take you , lyss , '' she said happily . 
 `` you 're going to die when you see this place . '' 
 chapter 20 * * * * * we drove lysander 's jeep toward downtown . 
 jessie seemed excited about our hunt , but refused to tell me exactly where we were going , saying only that it would be `` unforgettable . '' 
 i mentioned the threat of the acta sanctorum , and she did n't seem to be concerned at all , unlike the rest of the coven . 
 `` i 've heard the bedtime stories , '' she scoffed . 
 `` it 's just a way to get us to keep a low profile . 
 i have n't seen or heard of one coven they 've destroyed since i was turned . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` well , believe them or not , we 're all getting out of here . '' 
 shaking my head , i turned to look out of the window . 
 `` good , '' she snapped . 
 `` the peregrinus can leave . 
 i 'm not going anywhere . '' 
 `` what ? 
 are you stupid ? '' 
 her hands tightened on the steering wheel . 
 `` i 'm sick of travel . 
 i 'm sick of the road . 
 i 'm sick of wasting my immortality . 
 we never stick around long enough to enjoy the places we stay . 
 if the peregrinus are gone tomorrow , that 's fine with me . 
 i do n't want to be with them anymore . '' 
 `` but the saints . 
 where will you stay ? '' 
 `` do n't worry about me , lyss . 
 i 've got everything all figured out . '' 
 her voice picked up a menacing tone . 
 an odd feeling came over me . 
 i could n't quite put my finger on it , but i knew something was wrong . 
 `` do whatever you want , jessie . 
 just remember to stay safe . '' 
 i returned to looking out of the window . 
 either jessie had a death wish , or she really did n't believe in the saints . 
 in any case , nothing i told her was going to make any difference . 
 she had her mind made up . 
 we arrived at a group of residential towers . 
 three huge white towers stood tall against the sky . 
 i knew each one held beautiful and lavish condo homes . 
 high-rise condos were the new trend in vegas . 
 a fenced-off area separated these gleaming white buildings from a partially built one on the same property . 
 as we entered the main gate , a guard greeted jessie by name . 
 `` wow , they know you here ? '' 
 rule number one was to keep a low profile . 
 this was a bad sign . 
 `` uh ... yeah , '' she stammered . 
 `` i 've been coming to some parties here . '' 
 the thought of parties reminded me of erick and the night at the club . 
 i wondered if she was tossing bodies in the construction site next door . 
 jessie drove past the guard , heading towards the parking garage . 
 `` there are plenty of anonymous strangers and enough alcohol to keep people from remembering what happens to them , '' she said arrogantly . 
 `` just do n't kill them . '' 
 party or no party , i still found it odd that we would be hunting inside a residential high-rise tower . 
 this went against everything lysander had tried to teach me about lying low and not drawing attention to myself . 
 maybe it was a good thing she did n't plan on staying with the clan . 
 jessie led the way inside and we soon reached the elevators . 
 she pressed the topmost button , sending us to the penthouse floor . 
 intuition nagged at me . 
 this situation was fishy . 
 something was up . 
 i tried to think of an excuse to back out of this . 
 i 'd rather starve than risk exposure . 
 `` trust me , lyss , this is going to be great . '' 
 there was a mocking note in her voice . 
 i felt anticipation rising inside of her . 
 panic took me . 
 i had a sudden realization . 
 rozaline had spoken of kallisto 's coven in association with a high-rise tower on the north end of the strip . 
 we reached the top and the elevator dinged , announcing our arrival . 
 a large man with stunning blue-gray eyes greeted us . 
 i knew before he said anything . 
 i had been betrayed . 
 jessie had led me right to kallisto . 
 `` here she is ! '' 
 jessie exclaimed . 
 `` wonderful . '' 
 the large man motioned for me to exit the elevator . 
 `` this way , please . '' 
 my stomach sank . 
 my heart thundered in my chest . 
 i frantically scanned the area , searching for some way to escape . 
 the large vampire grabbed my arm to escort me . 
 his fingers bit into my skin as he jerked me toward him . 
 i looked over my shoulder to see the doors of the elevator close , sealing my fate . 
 we headed to the main entrance of kallisto 's penthouse . 
 i tried to gulp down my anxiety . 
 two blonde women greeted us in the foyer . 
 they escorted jessie down a long hallway . 
 she smiled and waved as she left me . 
 the large vampire led me into a large , dimly-lit room . 
 i was momentarily shocked by the opulence of this coven house . 
 kallisto 's coven was as lavish as i had imagined it . 
 beautifully dressed men and woman sat atop couches and chaise lounges randomly situated throughout the room . 
 columns held up the high ceiling and provided small breaks in the large space . 
 the walls were decorated with large paintings that would have been appropriate in a museum . 
 upbeat music played in the background , and men and women chatted amongst themselves , engrossed in different conversations . 
 i paused for a moment , taking in my surroundings while trying to find an escape point . 
 a marble-framed fireplace had been built into the far left side wall ; its gas-fed flames cast dancing shadows across the room . 
 a small , unused modern kitchen took up a corner of the large space . 
 small or not , it was still larger than what i 'd had in my apartment . 
 sandy-colored granite-topped counters and shiny stainless steel appliances added to the rich feel of it . 
 i understood why some preferred the life of a large coven . 
 it certainly had some perks . 
 i tried to gulp down my fear as my escort pushed me forward . 
 there had to be a way out of here . 
 chatter amongst the men and women stopped briefly as i walked by . 
 a large but simple patio comprised of a slab of concrete and a half-wall was clearly visible through two glass french doors . 
 could i get away through there ? 
 maybe the balconies are close enough to jump to the next one . 
 what would happen if i tried to jump to the ground ? 
 my escort pushed me toward the open patio doors . 
 i felt eyes watching me as i was led outside toward two figures standing by the wall . 
 edmond was one of them . 
 even with his back to me , i recognized his dark , neatly tied ponytail . 
 dressed in another ultra-modern white suit , he stood next to a dark-haired woman . 
 tall and slender , with long black hair that fell halfway down her back , she was elegantly dressed in a black , floor-length , sleeveless sheath dress . 
 they turned to greet us , and i was in awe of her beauty . 
 her oval face was gorgeous ; she had a slender nose and stunning blue-gray eyes surrounded by thick , dark lashes and shaded by perfectly arched eyebrows . 
 her hair fell like a cloak around her back and shoulders , and as she turned to greet me , i caught a glimpse of fangs peeking out from behind full , pouty lips . 
 edmond looked at me contemptuously . 
 `` it would appear your plan has worked , mis -- '' `` silence , edmond , '' kallisto snapped . 
 `` let me greet our guest . '' 
 edmond let out an impatient sigh . 
 `` this must be the beautiful , alyssa . '' 
 her voice was thick , deep , and seductive . 
 it carried an accent that i could n't quite identify . 
 there was aged quality to her voice that seemed odd in contrast with her youthful appearance . 
 `` welcome to my home , child . '' 
 she opened her arms to receive me in a welcoming embrace . 
 i did n't move . 
 i tried to gulp down the fear that threatened to paralyze me . 
 how do i respond to this ? 
 a moment passed ; she lowered her arms and narrowed her eyes , giving me a disapproving look . 
 with a wave of her hand , she dismissed the gentleman who had brought me to her , and signaled for him to close the patio doors behind him . 
 `` you are bold , little one , but i will allow you this one little indiscretion . 
 you have not been properly taught respect . '' 
 i ca n't believe i am here standing in front of her . 
 why did i leave the house ? 
 why did i follow jessie here ? 
 kallisto continued . 
 `` i am your queen , and you will soon learn to treat me with the respect i deserve . 
 i am the reason you stand here before me today . 
 i am kallisto . '' 
 no introduction needed , lady . 
 i know exactly who you are . 
 i 'm so screwed ! 
 lysander 's been trying so hard to keep me away from her , and i had to go walking right into her lair . 
 god , i am so dumb . 
 `` my apologies , kallisto . '' 
 i lowered my head and eyes in a standing bow . 
 i felt edmond 's eyes on me , sizing me up as he had the first night we met in the parking garage . 
 wonder what happened to jessie . 
 kallisto smiled widely again , showing her teeth behind those big , pouty lips . 
 `` do not worry about jessie . 
 she is receiving her ... reward for delivering you to us . 
 you will see her soon enough . '' 
 shit , she 's reading my mind . 
 okay , empty thoughts . 
 kallisto motioned for me to come closer to her . 
 `` you 're a special case , my child . 
 you were brought into this completely unaware of the rules and laws of our kind . 
 it is so sad that a beauty like yourself is an illegitimate child . '' 
 she reached out and slowly stroked my hair ; twisting a few strands between her fingers , then frowned as if i had not passed her silent test . 
 `` we generally do not tolerate bastards , '' she said coldly . 
 `` could you imagine what the world would be like if we decided to fill it with our kind ? '' 
 i did n't know how to respond . 
 i entertained the idea of jumping from the balcony . 
 i wanted to get away , far away . 
 kallisto continued before i could think of a decent response . 
 `` there must be order , and children should be carefully chosen . 
 not everyone is worthy of immortality . '' 
 was she informing me of my death sentence , or offering me some kind of second chance ? 
 i thought of lysander , and wondered if this was what had happened to all of his other children . 
 i looked over the edge of the wall , down at the city below . 
 i saw the las vegas hilton and its huge sign . 
 behind it was the east side of the las vegas valley , a beautiful sea of lights . 
 would i survive the fall if i jumped ? 
 kallisto cackled behind me . 
 `` do you think jumping would save you ? '' 
 i shook my head and let out a defeated sigh . 
 `` what do you plan to do with me ? '' 
 my voice cracked as i spoke , giving away my nervousness . 
 `` your fate will be decided soon , my dear . 
 before that can happen , we must bring your maker to justice . 
 your assistance in this matter will sway the final decision . '' 
 my stomach sank . 
 she could n't expect me to go against lysander or my friends . 
 i looked at edmond , who remained silent . 
 his eyes had not left me , nor did he flinch as i looked him in the face . 
 our eyes met , and again i felt an odd sensation , as if he was searching me . 
 i remembered what rozaline told me and quickly broke eye contact , returning my focus back to kallisto . 
 `` what would you have me do ? '' 
 maybe i can stall for time . 
 i 've got to do something . 
 `` nothing yet , my dear . 
 i want you to meet your new family first . 
 see the life you could have , if you 're obedient . 
 lysander 's time will come soon enough . '' 
 kallisto held out her arms , signaling me to come closer and embrace her , renewing the offer she had made the moment she met me . 
 i responded this time , placing my arms around her and leaning my head into her chest . 
 i cringed as she patted me on the head and stroked my long hair . 
 `` i think you will do well , my child ; but now , let us dress you and present you properly to your new family . 
 there will be plenty of time to deal with your maker . '' 
 she released me and waved at the glass doors . 
 immediately they opened , and a handsome man came out and bowed low to kallisto . 
 `` take alyssa ; prepare her and see to her initiation . 
 return her to me when you 're finished . '' 
 kallisto pushed me toward the man now getting up from his bow . 
 he was gorgeous . 
 it seemed all the members of kallisto 's coven were chosen for their beauty . 
 men and woman alike were all prime specimens of humanity before they were turned . 
 this man was definitely no exception to the rule . 
 he had broad , muscular shoulders , a strong jaw line , and gorgeous waves of sandy blond hair dusting the tops of his eyebrows . 
 he offered his arm to me and introduced himself as collin . 
 then he guided me back through the living room and into a large bathroom . 
 just like the living room , the bathroom was cavernous . 
 almost every surface from the floor to the countertops was marble . 
 a large tub with jets sat in the left corner . 
 next to it stood a steam shower with benches built for two . 
 the opposite wall was entirely devoted to vanity and sink space with large , decorative light fixtures . 
 at the far corner was a water closet and another entrance to the bath . 
 at the center of the floor was a beautiful teak bench , running almost the entire length of the room . 
 `` i would be honored to bathe you now , miss , '' collin said with a wide grin . 
 i blushed at the thought of this handsome -- but strange -- man bathing me . 
 `` umm ... '' i struggled with what to say . 
 `` okay , i guess . '' 
 this was odd . 
 collin guided me to the teak bench . 
 he knelt down and reached for the button of my pants . 
 `` whoa , whoa , i can do that . '' 
 i batted at his hands . 
 `` please , miss . '' 
 he looked at me with questioning eyes . 
 `` it is my honor to attend to you tonight . '' 
 `` really ... um ... i do n't need all of this attention . '' 
 i stood there half in shock , but a little intrigued . 
 `` all new children must be prepared before we turn them . 
 i know you have already been changed , but kallisto wants me to treat you as if you were still human . 
 you will be initiated , just as we would any other mortal . '' 
 initiated , huh ? 
 i smiled , removing my hands from my pants , and allowed collin to undress me . 
 he caressed my legs as he pulled the pants down , sending a shiver up my spine . 
 as he moved back up , his hands slid under my shirt , tickling my skin with soft fingers . 
 goose-flesh erupted all over my body . 
 he smiled seductively and pulled the shirt over my head . 
 i felt nervous and exposed . 
 my hands instinctively moved to cover my breasts . 
 he turned around and drew a bath in the large tub . 
 collin removed his shirt , revealing his well-defined abs and muscular chest . 
 he turned to the side and caught me admiring his figure . 
 he flexed his arms and chest while giving me a wicked smile . 
 heat rose to my face . 
 i bit my lip , accidentally drawing blood , and nervously looked away . 
 `` we are all chosen for our beauty , '' he said , his voice echoing off the marble-tiled walls . 
 `` you should not be shy for appreciating it . 
 you , too , are beautiful enough for our coven . 
 i will take great pleasure in attending to you tonight . '' 
 he removed his pants and underwear , revealing a well-groomed patch of curly hair and his obvious arousal . 
 he stood for a moment , giving me an eyeful of his endowments before tossing aside his garments and turning to test the water that had been filling in the tub . 
 he was quite a sight , a beautiful specimen of naked man . 
 a wicked little smile crossed my lips . 
 he turned off the water and waved at me to enter the tub with him . 
 he 'd filled the hot water with wonderfully scented oils . 
 i sat down and leaned my head back against the rim . 
 the heat of the water stung my skin at first . 
 it took a moment before i warmed to match the temperature . 
 the tub was large enough to accommodate three people easily . 
 it had a triangular shape and three seats with jets . 
 collin got in after me and picked out a soap and sponge . 
 the perfume from the oils was heavenly : a beautiful , clean fragrance that reminded me of ocean spray and sitting on the coast at night . 
 `` please , relax while i clean you , '' he whispered , positioning himself at my knees . 
 `` yeah , relax . 
 that 's easy for you to say . 
 what exactly do you have planned for me ? '' 
 `` nothing more than you wish to happen , alyssa . '' 
 his voice was soothing and hypnotic . 
 he stared into my eyes and for a moment i felt that familiar dizzy sensation . 
 it took all the concentration i had to shut my eyes before he could take control of my mind . 
 i heard an impatient sigh from collin ; then i felt the sponge drizzling water down my neck and chest . 
 he rubbed lightly on my breasts , tickling the nipples as he worked the sponge in circular motions . 
 slowly , he worked his way down to my navel and below . 
 arousal melted my thoughts as he brought the sponge between my legs . 
 but collin was n't the object of my desire . 
 i wished he were here with me right now . 
 my lips parted as i let out a peaceful sigh . 
 the smooth pillows of collin 's lips pressed gently against mine . 
 it startled me and i jerked my head to the side . 
 `` sorry , no , i-i-i ca n't ... '' i stammered . 
 `` perhaps another time , then . '' 
 i heard disappointment in his voice , but he did n't stop washing me . 
 he continued to glide the sponge over my body , meticulously cleaning every spot from my face down to my toes before leaving me to soak in a wonderful state of calm and enjoyment of the warm , perfumed water . 
 when i had soaked for long enough , collin returned . 
 he wrapped me in a long , fluffy white towel and guided me back into a long hallway filled with doors . 
 i heard low moaning coming from behind one of the closed doors and wondered if it was jessie . 
 i cursed her name . 
 i bet she 's in there screwing some beautiful man as a reward for bringing me in . 
 collin guided me slowly to the last door , pushing it open with his free hand . 
 inside were racks of clothes lining the walls ; a row of four vanity mirrors stood in the center of the room . 
 `` this is our closet , alyssa . '' 
 my eyes widened in awe of all of the beautiful clothing hanging all around me . 
 collin disappeared momentarily , allowing me to take in all the treasures of the room . 
 kallisto 's coven had one thing going for them . 
 upon his return , i was given a basic black silk kimono robe with a red sash to wear , a disappointment after viewing all of the beautiful clothes around me . 
 `` you will have plenty of time for these things later , '' collin said , noting my disappointment . 
 `` why is she making me a member of the coven ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` do you not wish to join us ? '' 
 `` i ... uh ... yeah , i do . 
 i just do n't understand why she is so willing to accept me . '' 
 i focused my thoughts , trying to block out my mind so he would not be able to read me . 
 `` i have already told you , alyssa , you 're considered beautiful enough to join our ranks . 
 you should feel special . '' 
 hopefully , my mental block was working . 
 i decided not to press the issue further . 
 there was no use questioning collin ; he was just a servant to kallisto , and i was n't going to get any real answers out of him . 
 `` thanks , '' i said . 
 i smiled and let him help me into the robe . 
 he clipped my hair above my neck and ushered me out into the hallway again . 
 i felt more naked in the robe than i had being led down the hallway in the towel . 
 `` the rest of the coven has been gathered in the great room . 
 are you ready to be initiated ? '' 
 he said with a hint of excitement in his voice . 
 `` sure , '' i said weakly . 
 were they really going to do the whole turning thing again ? 
 `` just relax , and it will be over soon . 
 you already went through the tough part when you were turned , '' he said . 
 what else were they going to do ? 
 `` when we are done , you will be brought before kallisto for an inspection . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 i sighed . 
 great . 
 collin guided me to the open living space . 
 couches and chaise lounges were now filled with members of the coven waiting to begin the initiation process . 
 i felt all of their eyes watching me . 
 collin brought me to the center of the room and told me to sit on an ottoman placed in front of the waiting crowd . 
 he placed his hands on my shoulders as he stood behind me . 
 `` my brothers and sisters , welcome . 
 i present to you alyssa , who will be initiated into our order . '' 
 collin 's voice echoed in the silent room . 
 i felt a mix of anticipation and excitement from the members of the coven as they stared at me . 
 `` we will re-baptize her in our blood and wash away the foul stench of mortality . 
 may the gods of old grant her transcendence above the mortals she once called brothers . '' 
 he placed his hand on the top of my head and gently leaned it to the left as he bent down and bit into my neck . 
 his teeth felt rough as they pierced my skin . 
 weakness settled into my limbs as collin quickly drained my blood . 
 his mouth was like a vacuum on my neck . 
 he cradled my head in his hands as i lost the ability to move it . 
 i felt dizzy and heavy , losing all ability to hold myself upright . 
 i slumped into collin 's body . 
 my thoughts turned again to lysander , remembering how it had been when he had turned me , the tranquility as he gently drained me . 
 collin was n't being so kind . 
 my vision went dark , just as it had before . 
 finally , he released me , letting my body rest against his . 
 a familiar tingle filled my mouth and instinctively i suckled at it , drawing it into me . 
 immediately , i felt the regenerating effects . 
 i became aware of people queuing up behind me . 
 the members of the coven were lining up to feed on me and share their blood with me . 
 the initiation went on for what felt like hours . 
 each member of the coven drained my blood , and before i was too weak to move , returned that blood back to me by allowing me to feed on his or her blood . 
 *** when they had all finished with me , i was left lying on the cold marble floor . 
 my head was spinning from all the powerful blood i had been allowed to drink . 
 i was paralyzed in a euphoric state . 
 i could feel sensations all around me . 
 emotions swam in my head : excitement , fear , lust . 
 i felt powerful and out of control . 
 collin remained by my side as i lay sprawled on the floor . 
 i tried to lift my head , but my disorientation caused it to come crashing down with a painful thud . 
 `` you have done well , alyssa , '' he said cheerfully . 
 `` try not to move yet . 
 it might take a few moments for you to regain control . '' 
 he lifted my arms and slipped something silky down my skin . 
 chancing another painful head slam , i moved to see what he was doing . 
 he slipped my arm through one sleeve of the robe ; gently pulling me up , he grabbed my other arm . 
 how the hell did i lose my robe ? 
 my head slowly cleared as collin helped me fix my robe and hair again . 
 when i was finally able to get up , he guided me beyond the main common room to a den behind the kitchen . 
 kallisto had created a private throne room there ; she sat at the end of the room upon a very tall , cushy , white chair . 
 edmond stood just behind her , his left arm resting at the top of the high-backed chair . 
 collin presented me and bowed low to kallisto , motioning for me to do the same . 
 i lowered my head and my eyes , looking at the floor . 
 `` alyssa . 
 please come join me , my dear . '' 
 i obeyed and walked to kallisto 's fancy chair . 
 `` how do you like my coven ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` it is ... nice , kallisto . '' 
 `` from now on , you will address me as mistress . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` okay , what ? '' 
 `` m-is-tress . '' 
 wow , really ? 
 she wants me to call her mistress now ? 
 `` my coven is just nice , is it ? 
 it does n't sound to me like you really appreciate all that i can offer you . 
 perhaps i do n't need to keep you around , then . '' 
 play nice . 
 lay it on thick . 
 `` oh , no , mistress , it is beyond words . 
 i 'm just tongue tied . 
 it is so ... wonderful here . '' 
 i hope she 's buying this . 
 i could tell by the scowling look on her face that she was n't impressed . 
 i was n't sure i was capable of blocking my mind well enough to keep her out of my true thoughts . 
 `` i think i must impress upon you the gravity of this situation . 
 we do not tolerate bastards . 
 you 're being given a special opportunity . '' 
 she waved a hand at her guard , and a moment later , three people came into the room . 
 i recognized one immediately . 
 jessie ! 
 she appeared to have been beaten quite terribly . 
 her eyes were puffy and splatters of blood covered her clothes . 
 she was n't standing on her own . 
 she hung limply from the arms of her escort , barely conscious . 
 the other two people , a pair of blond women who must have been twins , dropped her onto the ground at kallisto 's feet . 
 `` this little one here is a bastard . '' 
 kallisto sneered and pointed a perfectly manicured red nail at jessie . 
 `` she was not born of this coven . 
 she was given the chance to join us , as you were , but she did not prove herself worthy . 
 be warned , alyssa , my tolerance is very thin . '' 
 `` you said i could join you , '' jessie gurgled , crawling to kallisto 's feet , `` if i did what you asked . 
 i brought her to you . '' 
 jessie 's pleas fell on deaf ears . 
 kallisto kicked hard , knocking jessie backward onto the floor . 
 `` take her back to his house and drop her on the doorstep , '' kallisto commanded . 
 `` no ! '' 
 jessie screamed . 
 `` i did what you asked . 
 please , no ! '' 
 `` if you had done what i had asked , you would have brought them both here . 
 now , go , and do n't forget to tell lysander where his precious little alyssa is . 
 we will be waiting for him and his little band of misfits . '' 
 with another wave of kallisto 's hand , the two women picked up jessie , turned , and carried her out of the room . 
 jessie 's cries echoed through the penthouse as they left . 
 `` you see , it 's best to stay in my good graces . '' 
 her voice softened . 
 `` now , you 're almost done with your initiation , my child . '' 
 kallisto 's words sent chills down my spine . 
 `` i only have one request of you , and i will grant you pardon from your maker 's crime . 
 then you can become a full member of my coven . '' 
 she stared into my eyes . 
 i felt her peering into my soul as she spoke to me . 
 i tried to remain calm , clearing my mind . 
 i knew kallisto could read whatever i was thinking , even if i tried to block her out . 
 i had to keep my mind clear . 
 still , i wondered what else she had in store for me and for lysander . 
 `` what is your request , kallisto -- i mean , mistress ? '' 
 i asked timidly . 
 `` when lysander comes to claim you with his little band of wanderers , we will destroy them . 
 i want your help with this . 
 do i have your allegiance ? '' 
 my heart sank as i imagined watching lysander and the others being put to death . 
 i hoped jessie 's message would not get to them and they would assume i was dead . 
 i could n't bear the thought of seeing any of them die . 
 kallisto was n't happy with my lack of response . 
 an angry scowl wrinkled her perfect mouth . 
 she did n't tolerate insubordination . 
 `` you will do this , alyssa , or you will die . 
 i have no use for you otherwise , and it will mean nothing to destroy you . 
 do not take my generosity lightly . 
 i offer you life or death . 
 you decide . '' 
 kallisto 's face told me she would require an answer soon or she would kill me herself . 
 `` why ? '' 
 an evil , toothy grin crossed kallisto 's face . 
 she looked like a madwoman . 
 `` lysander will suffer for his sins against me . 
 what better way to suffer than to have the things you love stolen away from you and turned against you ? 
 what better insult than to be destroyed by the thing you create ? 
 there is no victory for me in simply destroying him like a dog . 
 he needs to suffer as he dies , and he will -- as you will be the one to kill him . '' 
 i could n't speak . 
 a tear streamed down my face as kallisto cackled madly . 
 i ca n't kill lysander . 
 i wo n't ! 
 kallisto knew this and was punishing us both , enjoying the mental anguish i was going through . 
 she waved me off , sending me out of her sight . 
 `` your test will come . 
 perhaps you need time to think on what you will do . 
 remember , alyssa , life or death . '' 
 collin escorted me back down the long hallway , opening up a door just after the bath . 
 this was a closet-sized room in comparison to the other rooms in the house . 
 there was a simple , twin-sized bed and a table with a lamp . 
 a small , square window offered a view outside . 
 `` you will sleep here today , '' collin told me as he pushed me inside . 
 `` i will be back to get you in the evening . '' 
 he quickly locked the door behind me . 
 chapter 21 * * * * * a sliver of pink edged the horizon . 
 my eyes were wide as i stared out of the small window . 
 dawn was approaching . 
 a wave of fear struck me . 
 there were no coverings on this window . 
 there was no place to hide in this tiny closet of a room . 
 the sun would be up soon . 
 i had not yet experienced sunlight on my newly immortal skin , but i 'd been well warned that burns would occur rather quickly . 
 how long can i stand to be in direct light ? 
 can i cover myself with sheets ? 
 how badly am i going to burn ? 
 this is some cruel joke . 
 kallisto must have planned this . 
 she 's probably sitting right outside of this door , waiting to hear my screams . 
 just as the thoughts entered my mind , a buzzing noise sounded in the room and shutters descended slowly from the ceiling . 
 i breathed a sigh of relief as they covered the window , completely blocking out the early rays of morning light . 
 the only light left in the room was the fluorescent glow of the bedside lamp . 
 my clothes had been left in a pile on the floor . 
 i changed out of my robe before collapsing on the bed . 
 the tiny room that was my prison did indeed remind me of a cell . 
 no pictures , no fancy furnishings like the rest of the penthouse ; just the bed , nightstand , and lamp . 
 i cursed myself for being so stupid . 
 i should n't be here . 
 intuition told me something was wrong with jessie , but i blindly followed her as she led me straight into the hands of kallisto . 
 i wonder if jessie delivered her message . 
 i knew lysander would be horrified to know what happened , and i had no doubts jessie would be destroyed after her message was delivered . 
 would lysander do it himself ? 
 would he rip her limb from limb , or bleed her dry ? 
 would the peregrinus try to stop him ? 
 i bit my lip , hoping the pain might help hold back the emotions threatening to explode within me ; anger , fear , sadness , and regret all came rushing to the surface . 
 how long will kallisto keep me here ? 
 there has to be some way to escape . 
 i ca n't -- i wo n't -- harm lysander . 
 she has to know this . 
 i remembered the look of agony in lysander 's eyes when he told me i did n't need to know the details of what had happened to his other children . 
 was this how it happened to them ? 
 will he come and try to rescue me ? 
 i heard footsteps and the sounds of others outside of my door . 
 members of the coven must have been making their way to their rooms for the morning 's sleep . 
 had i not been so trusting , i too would be sleeping now , but in the comfort of lysander 's bed . 
 tears welled in my eyes , spilling over and streaming down my face . 
 i thought of lysander holding me . 
 he promised me he would not lose me . 
 he should have been the one to go hunt with me . 
 he should have known better . 
 why had n't he been able to sense that jessie could not be trusted ? 
 i shoved my face into the pillow to stifle the sounds of my sobs . 
 i wished i was home with him and the rest of the clan . 
 in my heart , i knew he would not leave me here . 
 kallisto knew this , too . 
 she was counting on it . 
 that was the only reason i was being kept alive . 
 she had no other need of me . 
 kallisto knew lysander would come , and then , she would take her revenge . 
 if he did n't come , kallisto would have me destroyed anyway . 
 her generosity was no more than a trap for us both . 
 bloodstained tears soaked the pillow . 
 mentally , i said my goodbyes to rozaline and nicholas , crystal and drew , and damon . 
 if the peregrinus kept to the plan , everyone should be gone soon , leaving town at dusk . 
 i prayed lysander would be with them , and that kallisto 's rage and my death would be quick . 
 *** it was some time before i ran out of tears . 
 pulling my head from the pillow , i saw the ugly brownish stains the tears had left behind . 
 i wiped off my face , sniffling and trying to compose myself . 
 i ca n't just sit here crying . 
 i need to find a way out of this place . 
 a faint whispering outside my door caught my attention . 
 someone was talking , but i could n't quite make out what was being said . 
 slowly , i crept out of bed , got dressed , and made my way over to the door . 
 i cursed softly as my shoes squeaked against the polished marble floor . 
 i cringed , thinking the sound might have given away my sneaky intentions , but the mumbling continued . 
 kneeling on the ground , i placed my ear against the door . 
 `` ... confirmed that the rumors are true , '' a man 's voice whispered in a thick french accent . 
 i leaned as close to the door as i could , hoping to hear the speaker better . 
 a woman 's voice spoke this time . 
 `` is everything in order for our departure ? '' 
 i recognized the unusually accented voice of kallisto . 
 `` of course , mistress . 
 we shall depart as soon as you 're ready . '' 
 `` excellent . 
 i will leave before midday . '' 
 `` what of the rest of the coven ? '' 
 `` leave them . '' 
 kallisto 's words were cold as ice . 
 `` but , mistress , '' the man protested . 
 `` they are your children . '' 
 `` and if the saints come and find this penthouse empty , they will continue to hunt us down . 
 do you want that ? '' 
 `` no , mistress . 
 i ... '' of course . 
 with all the activity this evening , i had forgotten about the saints . 
 i should have expected she would know of them . 
 if nicholas could gather that information from a television newscast , surely the coven would have the same information and know they were in town . 
 `` the others will sacrifice themselves , '' kallisto said . 
 `` you will bring only my guard . '' 
 `` mistress , could we not spare a few more ? '' 
 `` we can make more , '' kallisto snapped . 
 `` if you 're so concerned , edmond , stay with them , and you can all greet the saints together . '' 
 `` i did n't mean to -- '' `` i tire of your attempts to go against my will , edmond . 
 i am the ruler of this coven , and you will do well to remember your place . '' 
 i could only imagine the angry expression that must have been on kallisto 's face . 
 by the sound of it , edmond was quickly losing favor with her . 
 `` mistress , '' he pleaded . 
 `` i only suggest what is best for the cov -- '' `` enough , '' she snapped . 
 `` i 've tolerated enough of your insubordination . '' 
 kallisto 's voice rose sharply . 
 `` you have not yet been forgiven for failing to bring lysander here yourself . '' 
 panic laced edmond 's words . 
 `` mistress , i. . . 
 he is much stronger than ... i was ... being diplomatic ... i warned him of his crimes ... '' `` you 're pathetic and weak , edmond . 
 i should have you replaced . '' 
 she really is a piece of work . 
 i snickered . 
 i could imagine the bowing and scraping that edmond would be doing . 
 `` mistress , i am sorry , i only thought -- '' `` you should have brought him to me as i ordered . 
 this business about thirty nights was a ridiculous waste of my time . 
 if you could n't bring him in yourself , you should have had someone else do it . 
 did you not see how easily i brought in his pet ? 
 now lysander will be forced to come to us . '' 
 `` mistress , i promise , i will not disappoint you again . '' 
 `` from now on , you will follow my orders to the letter . 
 remember , you 're nothing without me . 
 is this clear ? '' 
 `` yes , my mistress . '' 
 edmond 's voice was a low whisper . 
 `` please accept my most sincere apologies . '' 
 `` you had better not fail me . 
 you 're fast becoming useless . 
 i can easily have you replaced . '' 
 `` i will have the car set up immediately for your departure . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 `` if i may ask one more question ? '' 
 his voice trailed away , muffled by the echo of his footsteps . 
 `` what shall i do about the girl ? '' 
 i pressed my ear harder to the door , trying to make out the words as they walked further away , but it was no use . 
 the penthouse was silent again . 
 it 's now or never . 
 i have to get out of here . 
 i reached up to the knob of the door , turning it slightly . 
 damn , it 's locked . 
 i reared back and thrust my shoulder into the door with as much strength as i could muster . 
 a loud thud sounded as i collided with the door , but it did n't budge . 
 ouc ! 
 damn , that hurts ! 
 pain radiated through my shoulder . 
 so much for brute force . 
 guess i 'm not as strong as i thought . 
 what the hell is this door made of , some kind of reinforced wood ? 
 pressing my ear to the door again , i listened for any signs of the coven . 
 the penthouse was still quiet . 
 kallisto probably expected me to try an escape . 
 i 'm sure this room is well sealed . 
 i made my way back to the bed , collapsing on it and staring up at the blank white ceiling . 
 what the hell am i going to do ? 
 death was certain if the saints were coming . 
 i remembered what lysander told me about the saints . 
 they attacked during the day , since that was when we were weakest . 
 the saints ' game plan seemed almost too perfect . 
 horrible burns and blinding light kept us at bay and allowed them to corner us in our homes and cut us down one by one . 
 those that did manage to escape the daytime slaughter would be followed and hunted down by santino 's group . 
 i imagined what it would be like . 
 death was imminent . 
 i was trapped and there was no escape . 
 i no longer had the tears left to cry for the impending loss of my life . 
 at least , lysander and the clan would be spared . 
 he would n't come to the coven house with the threat of the acta sanctorum out there . 
 *** i lay in bed , silently awaiting my fate . 
 occasionally , i heard shuffling past my door , making me think the saints had arrived . 
 an hour passed , maybe two . 
 i 'd lost track of the time as i fell in and out of consciousness . 
 my body wanted rest , but my mind raced with anxiety . 
 keys jingled a moment before my door burst open , slamming into the wall . 
 i shot straight up as a figure entered the room . 
 a blob of black fabric flew through the air , hitting my chest before crumpling to the floor . 
 what the hell ? 
 `` put these on , '' a muffled male voice shouted . 
 i was momentarily stunned , thinking i was about to die , when i realized the blob at my feet was clothing . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 i asked , as i cautiously pulled on the thick sweater and hooded jacket that had been tossed to me . 
 `` no time to talk . 
 take these , too . '' 
 he held out a pair of sunglasses . 
 taking the glasses , i chanced a look at the stranger , but could n't see past his black ski mask . 
 it concealed his identity , leaving only his blue-gray eyes visible . 
 `` what is going on ? 
 who are you ? '' 
 i asked , reaching out toward the mask . 
 he snatched my wrist in a tight , painful grip . 
 i winced in pain , biting my lip to stifle a cry . 
 `` do n't touch me , '' he barked . 
 `` do as you 're told . 
 finish getting dressed . '' 
 he released my hand and i recoiled , falling backward on the bed . 
 i quickly finished dressing , and the masked man ushered me out the door . 
 `` be quiet and do as you 're told , '' he commanded . 
 his voice sounded so familiar , but who was he ? 
 i kept quick pace with my escort , down the long hallway , into the foyer , and out of the front door . 
 we rounded the corner to the elevators . 
 i saw the glow before we had reached it . 
 a wall of windows illuminated the waiting area for the elevators . 
 my hands instinctively rose to shield my eyes . 
 the sunglasses seemed to have no effect . 
 intense , blinding sunlight filled the hallway , stinging my eyes and face as we approached . 
 i pulled my hood over my head as far as it could go , covering my face , and still it was n't enough . 
 the heat from the light felt like flames licking my skin . 
 my hands throbbed in pain , soaking up the light as i shielded my face . 
 i collapsed to the ground , turning my back to the light , my face and hands stinging with pain . 
 `` get up , '' the harsh male voice ordered . 
 `` it burns , i ca n't -- '' `` get up , '' he barked again . 
 i slowly rose to my feet , keeping my back to the windows . 
 even turned away from the direct source of light , i could still feel the heat all around me . 
 i have to get out of this . 
 i took a quick step back toward the penthouse , but a hand caught me , whipping me back around . 
 `` please , no ! 
 i have to get away , '' i yelled . 
 another hand reached to cover my mouth . 
 `` wait here , or go back there and die , '' the man whispered into my ear . 
 `` whatever you choose , keep quiet ! '' 
 i nodded , closing my eyes to the blinding light ahead of me . 
 waiting for the elevator to arrive at the topmost floor took an eternity . 
 i felt as if my flesh would melt away from my bones before the elevator could arrive . 
 the blessed ding sounded and the doors parted , allowing us to retreat into the dim , fluorescent-lit cave that was the elevator . 
 i praised the builder for choosing to leave this elevator fully enclosed . 
 my red , stinging hands throbbed . 
 i watched them pulsing as my immortal skin tried to heal itself . 
 the ride down to the garage was too short and soon we were back in the open and exposed again to direct sunlight . 
 once the doors parted , light flooded in from all directions , blinding me . 
 in my disorientation i stumbled , smashing into a wall . 
 my sunglasses fell to the ground and the brightness intensified . 
 it washed out everything , leaving a white haze inches from my face . 
 the heat licked at my skin , stinging me as i reached out , trying to feel my way around to find my lost sunglasses . 
 an arm grabbed me , jerking me over to a van parked at the curb . 
 its back doors sat open waiting for us to get inside . 
 i quickly hopped in , followed by my escort . 
 the van was already filled with others dressed in the same funny manner as i had been . 
 there was a sheet pinned up behind the driver and passenger seats blocking the light from the front windows . 
 the doors closed and i breathed a sigh of relief , welcoming the darkness . 
 the van lurched forward as it pulled out of the garage . 
 i reached above my head to pull my hood down , and a hand caught my wrist . 
 `` leave it until we reach the safe house , '' the muffled voice said . 
 safe house , i thought to myself . 
 who are these people ? 
 after hearing kallisto 's complete lack of care for her own children , i could n't believe that that she would be responsible for sending me to a safe house , and i did n't think lysander could have come to my rescue this soon . 
 i sat quietly , trying to figure out the identity of my rescuer . 
 the van tilted from side to side as it moved through the streets of las vegas . 
 we all rode in silence ; no one seemed willing to speak . 
 i sensed the anxiety and fear coming from many of the hooded figures i was riding with . 
 the danger of our daytime ride weighed heavy on all of their minds . 
 after a long drive , we finally came to a stop . 
 i heard the sound of a garage door closing outside , and there was a quick , patterned rapping at the back of the van before the doors parted . 
 i breathed a sigh of relief at seeing the dimly lit garage . 
 pulling the hood off my head , i broke the silence . 
 `` where the hell are we ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i only heard mumbling from the other inhabitants of the van as we filed out one by one . 
 `` a safe house . '' 
 a man spoke , pulling off his ski mask and revealing himself to be edmond . 
 edmond ? 
 what ? 
 why did he bring me here ? 
 my eyes were wide with amazement . 
 i had not thought anyone from kallisto 's coven would think to save me from the saints . 
 i had assumed i would be left to die with the coven as kallisto had said earlier . 
 `` no doubt you 're aware of the acta sanctorum , '' said edmond , addressing the inhabitants of the van as he tied his hair back into a neat ponytail . 
 i nodded , as did the others , who were now removing their coverings . 
 `` they will attack the coven house before nightfall . '' 
 the others from the van were clearly shocked by this news . 
 it appeared that not everyone knew about the saints ' arrival in vegas . 
 those just now pulling off their masks , sunglasses , and hoods revealed horrified faces . 
 it seemed that the mere mention of the acta sanctorum drove fear into the heart of every immortal . 
 `` what about the others ? '' 
 a voice from the crowd asked . 
 `` they are gone , and you will not think on them again . '' 
 edmond 's voice was strong and commanding , though the look in his eyes said otherwise . 
 hmm . 
 it really does seem to be bothering him that he could n't save the others . 
 `` your mistress , '' he continued , `` has chosen you to continue on with the coven . 
 you should be honored you were spared . '' 
 i felt the anger around me , but no one spoke any challenge to edmond 's words . 
 we entered the darkened house . 
 it had the appearance of being recently vacated by its human owners . 
 as we passed through the kitchen on the way to the living room , i could see food-speckled dishes still soaking in the sink and smell the scent of rotting garbage leaking out of a lidded trash can . 
 the windows and doorways had been hastily covered with bed sheets and blankets to block out the light , giving the home a cave-like appearance . 
 edmond retreated to the hallway , telling us to settle down in the living room until nightfall . 
 although tired from lack of sleep , i could n't immediately shut my eyes . 
 i found a spot just below the couch and curled myself into a ball . 
 my mind ran amok , replaying all of the events in the last two weeks that had brought me here . 
 why had i been spared ? 
 chapter 22 * * * * * the familiar action news theme music played in the background as my eyes slowly opened and focused on the ceiling . 
 the room was dim , lit only by the tv and a small lamp . 
 i watched the shadows on the ceiling dancing to and fro with the music . 
 for a brief moment , i thought i was back in lysander 's home and had dreamed the whole kallisto encounter , but as i stretched and looked around the room , reality hit me . 
 this was n't lysander 's living room , and it was not nicholas watching the evening news . 
 my eyes met hers as i glanced up towards the couch . 
 i was still with kallisto . 
 the anchorwoman spoke in the background and my attention was momentarily drawn to the tv . 
 `` ... continuing coverage on what the fire department is calling the worst high-rise fire in las vegas history . 
 from our sky-cam shots , you can see the top floor , which previously housed two lavish penthouses , engulfed in flames . 
 a call was placed to 911 at approximately 5 p.m. this evening when someone spotted smoke rising from the top of tower three . 
 sources say the cause of the fire is still unknown , and fire crews have not been able to get the flames under control , due to the height of the buildings and a mysterious fire sprinkler malfunction . 
 the flames were allowed to spread unchecked for least an hour before fire crews were able to get the sprinkler system running again . 
 it is unknown if the inhabitants of the penthouses were able to make it out of the building before it was too late . '' 
 i saw with horror the charred top of the building i had been in only a few hours earlier . 
 the helicopter taking the video circled slowly , rotating around the burning building . 
 a huge plume of smoke rose hundreds of feet into the sky . 
 i shuddered . 
 i could have been left there . 
 that was supposed to have been my fate . 
 i should have died , locked in that small closet of a room . 
 others wandered into the living room , their eyes locked onto the screen . 
 i saw the horror in their faces as they watched the scene on the tv . 
 kallisto 's lips curled into an evil smile . 
 `` i will accept your thanks and praise for sparing you this fate , '' she said expectantly . 
 the room was a mix of fear , anxiety , and anger . 
 i knew if i felt it , kallisto could too ; no doubt she knew the thoughts of her subjects . 
 they were mad that their family had been sacrificed , left behind to be brutally murdered by the acta sanctorum as they slept . 
 the obedience kallisto commanded outweighed any outrage in their hearts , and although there was anger , each person offered their thanks to kallisto , probably fearing her retribution if they did n't . 
 i sat still , uncertain what to do . 
 `` why did she bring me here ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 with the coven destroyed , lysander would assume i was dead and there would be no need for him to come after me . 
 edmond entered the room and ordered the others to their feet , giving them assignments to guard the perimeter of the house . 
 i watched as the others scurried out of the front and back doors , leaving only the three of us in the room . 
 kallisto spoke , `` alyssa , i do not feel you truly appreciate that i have spared your life . '' 
 her cold eyes glared at me , expecting some response from me . 
 i had not expressed any thanks to her . 
 i remained still and quiet , sitting on the floor . 
 i realized i was angering kallisto , but my mind was stuck on thoughts of the acta santorum 's raid on the penthouse . 
 i turned away from her , glancing back to the tv as the news helicopter circled . 
 a dark gray tower of smoke continued to rise into the sky . 
 `` you let them all die , '' i said , my voice creaking as i tried to call up strength . 
 i felt the anger rising in kallisto . 
 `` why save me ? 
 i am of no use to you . '' 
 `` oh , i see . 
 you do not wish to live with us , '' she asked , emphasizing the word live . 
 i thought for a moment , choosing my words carefully , making them sound as pleasing as possible . 
 `` of course i am grateful you spared me . '' 
 my eyes remained locked on the tv . 
 `` however , i wonder why you 've ... spared me . 
 i fear i will not be able to finish my initiation . 
 lysander must assume i am dead now . '' 
 she paused for a moment as her mouth formed an evil smile again , showing the tips of her teeth . 
 `` my simple little child . 
 you thought you would get out of this so easily . '' 
 kallisto gestured for me to join her on the couch . 
 `` you will still have the opportunity to prove your loyalty to me . '' 
 i obeyed , sitting on the far end of the couch . 
 edmond moved toward us , taking a spot in an easy chair just behind where i was sitting . 
 i tried to keep my eyes on kallisto , but my nerves got the better of me . 
 edmond 's cold stare bore through me . 
 he was like a guard dog , patiently waiting for an opportunity to defend his master -- or in this case , his mistress . 
 i watched him out of my peripheral vision as he sat there , hands folded in his lap , patiently waiting for kallisto to signal she was through with me . 
 `` w-what will you have me do , then ? '' 
 the anxiety could be heard in my voice . 
 i fought back a lump in my throat . 
 i needed to keep calm . 
 `` lysander does not think you are dead , child , '' she laughed . 
 `` he can feel you , and i assure you , he knows you 're alive . '' 
 `` but how ? '' 
 the moment the question escaped my lips i realized what she was talking about . 
 the warm sensation i had always felt when lysander was around : he must feel it , too . 
 it was more than just an emotion . 
 it was a beacon between us . 
 i closed my eyes and tried to recall it , quieting the thoughts in my head . 
 at first , there was nothing . 
 i thought of lysander , picturing his face and eyes . 
 i concentrated on him , imagining he was standing right in front of me . 
 there it was : the warmth . 
 it quickly pulsed like a heartbeat in my chest . 
 i felt him as if he were standing right there next to me . 
 emotion welled up inside of me : fear , anger , hope , despair . 
 i knew he was coming , and i knew it meant death for us both . 
 `` ah , good . 
 you do feel it , '' kallisto said mockingly . 
 i hated that she could read my thoughts . 
 i could n't control my thoughts enough to block her . 
 fear gripped me . 
 kallisto 's trap was set , and there was nothing i could do to stop it . 
 each second drove the nails further into our coffins . 
 `` he 's close , you know . '' 
 she closed her eyes and appeared to be silently meditating for a moment . 
 `` very close . '' 
 a tear built up in my eye as i fought back the emotions . 
 i did n't want to show kallisto my pain . 
 she did n't deserve the satisfaction . 
 i bit down hard on my lip , focusing on the immediate sting as my teeth broke the skin . 
 `` you see , we can always feel our children , alyssa , just as they can feel us . 
 lysander will soon be here , and when the time comes , you will still serve your purpose . '' 
 i hate you ! 
 i could hear edmond chuckling behind me . 
 anger and pain clouded my mind . 
 `` why do you have so much hatred for him ? '' 
 the words escaped my mouth before i could stop myself . 
 kallisto 's face hardened , and her smile turned into a scowl . 
 i knew i had hit a nerve . 
 she was quiet for a moment , cupping her chin in her hands before speaking . 
 `` do you know what it is like to give everything to someone , and have them toss you aside ? '' 
 she hissed . 
 i shook my head slowly . 
 `` lysander was mine . 
 i gave him everything , i made him a god among men , and how does he repay me ? '' 
 her eyes narrowed . 
 `` he leaves me . '' 
 she leaned toward me , lowering her voice and staring straight into my eyes . 
 `` when i met lysander , he was a simple farmer . 
 he was nothing . 
 pathetic . 
 a simple human . '' 
 remembering the book lysander had showed me , i thought back to the temple he described in amfissa . 
 `` i made him , '' kallisto said arrogantly . 
 `` i saw the raw beauty and i preserved it in this immortal flesh . 
 i gave him everything , anything his heart desired : riches , palatial homes , servants . 
 i did it all for him . 
 he was more than just my child . 
 he was my love . 
 we were mates , he and i , and we were meant to be together for eternity . 
 all i ever asked of him was to worship me . '' 
 yeah , i 'm sure the riches and palatial homes were all for lysander . 
 does she really think i am buying this ? 
 what about edmond ? 
 edmond was still in the room listening . 
 i looked over at him , watching his face . 
 he sat like a statue . 
 i saw the strain as he tried to control his emotion . 
 his jaw was clenched tight as he stared blankly at kallisto . 
 how can she say all of this in front of him ? 
 she is a real piece of work . 
 edmond made no move to leave the room . 
 he sat there , patiently waiting for kallisto to instruct him . 
 `` i believe he did love me in the beginning , but as time moved on , he lost interest in me and our way of life . 
 we were gods among men and rulers of our children . 
 we were mates , and for hundreds of years , we happily shared the rule of our family . 
 but he changed . 
 the years had an odd effect on him . 
 i was no longer the object of his desire . 
 he stopped worshipping me as his goddess . 
 he became reclusive and disobedient . 
 i was ignored and neglected , no longer his mistress . '' 
 kallisto paused for a moment . 
 rage radiated from her . 
 the memory of lysander seemed to have a strong emotional hold on her . 
 `` i am still a woman , you know . '' 
 the bitterness was palpable in kallisto 's voice . 
 `` and i will not be ignored . '' 
 i sat on the edge of my seat , waiting to hear more . 
 `` i hoped finding us a new home would change things . '' 
 she regained her smooth tone . 
 `` we 'd stayed in one place too long . 
 i thought the change of scenery might invigorate his spirit and renew his love for me . 
 so , we moved to france . 
 it was there i met edmond . '' 
 i glanced quickly over to edmond . 
 a faint hint of a smile crossed his face at the mention of his name . 
 `` he instantly took to the ways of our kind , unlike many of my children before him . 
 he fascinated me with his lust for blood and power . 
 lysander took my fascination with edmond as an insult . 
 his reclusiveness got worse . 
 he spent days locked away , writing and drawing , paying no attention to me . 
 only the administration of the coven would interrupt his hobby . 
 he would attend to nightly business and then retreat to his private chambers . 
 he felt edmond was a threat to his position in our family and decided to leave us . '' 
 i ca n't blame him for leaving , either . 
 `` his departure tore our family apart . 
 he destroyed us from the inside , leaving a gaping hole where he once was . 
 our family was divided , fighting amongst one another . 
 we were plagued by hunters and the acta sanctorum for centuries after lysander left us . 
 we fled from country to country , eventually ending up in london . '' 
 i looked back at edmond , still silent in his chair . 
 `` it was there i felt him trying to end his life with eternal sleep , '' kallisto continued . 
 `` i thought healing him and bringing him home would be a new chance for us and our coven . 
 we could rebuild again to our former glory , but he would n't have it . '' 
 she paused again . 
 i saw the start of a crimson tear in her eyes . 
 she quickly wiped the moisture away before speaking . 
 `` after all i have done for him , he would rather shun me than love me . '' 
 i heard an annoyed sigh behind me from edmond . 
 for a moment , i felt sorry for her . 
 kallisto , as evil as she was , was still a woman who felt scorned and discarded . 
 she was warped by her anger , and the desire for revenge fueled her . 
 i wondered if it was the only thing she had to live for . 
 edmond , though an obedient servant , seemed no more than that . 
 kallisto did n't love him . 
 i gathered he served no real emotional purpose to kallisto . 
 lysander must have always held her heart . 
 `` but you have edmond , '' i blurted out . 
 i looked over my shoulder again . 
 i saw edmond 's chest rise as he sat up in his seat . 
 `` yes , of course , i have edmond . 
 my puppet , '' she retorted . 
 `` i can have any man i want . 
 that is not the point . '' 
 out of the corner of my eye , i saw edmond 's chest deflate . 
 ouch . 
 that must have hurt . 
 `` you do n't need lysander . 
 you have another mate . '' 
 `` edmond is not my mate , '' she scoffed . 
 `` oh , he wishes he were . 
 he serves me well enough in bed , but no , he is not my mate . '' 
 wow , did she really say that with him sitting here ? 
 i would n't need to look back to see edmond 's expression . 
 i could just imagine how crushing her words would be to him . 
 `` lysander was my mate , '' she growled . 
 `` if he will deny me , then i will deny him . 
 he shall suffer as he has made me suffer all these years . '' 
 `` but why punish others for lysander 's crimes against you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` you call my offer to you , a second chance at life , a punishment ? '' 
 anger leached out with her words . 
 i knew i should have chosen my words better . 
 i had crossed the line this time . 
 she fixed me with a cold stare . 
 `` you forget , child , you 're a bastard to my coven , and under normal circumstances , you would have been put down like a dog . 
 you should thank me for my generosity . '' 
 kallisto glared at me as she raised herself up to her full height . 
 `` i did n't mean to say you were punishing me . '' 
 i tripped over the words to get them out before kallisto 's rage erupted . 
 `` oh , i see . 
 he 's bedded you , and now you think him your love . 
 how sweet . '' 
 `` it 's not that , he saved me , i ca n't -- '' `` spare me your emotional drivel . 
 your mortal life is of no concern to me . 
 if you were meant to die , then you should have . 
 lysander did nothing more than condemn you by going against my wishes and turning you . 
 perhaps i should show you what we do with bastards . '' 
 kallisto nodded at edmond . 
 i saw his shadow tower over me as he rose from his seat . 
 `` i have no need of defiant little fledglings in my coven anyway . 
 if you ca n't take orders , then you are of no use to me . '' 
 `` no , wait , '' i pleaded . 
 `` i did n't mean ... i 'm ... '' crap ! 
 edmond pulled me backward . 
 i looked up into his eyes , silently begging him not to do anything , but he did n't acknowledge me . 
 `` you have exceeded the limits of my tolerance , '' kallisto growled . 
 panic took me . 
 i jerked forward , but edmond held me firm . 
 kallisto leaned over me , pressing her body on top of mine . 
 her face was a mere inch from mine , and her breath felt heavy on my face . 
 `` please , i beg you ... do n't ... . '' 
 i tried to jerk out of edmond 's grip . 
 kallisto smiled widely , purposefully showing me her teeth before sinking them deep into my neck . 
 the pinch as they broke the skin sent a shock through my body . 
 i felt the blood leaving me as kallisto voraciously drained the life from my body . 
 my eyes rolled back . 
 weakness settled into my limbs . 
 my head felt heavy . 
 fighting against the dizziness , i tried to keep conscious . 
 my life flashed before my eyes : i saw my childhood , the attack on campus , lysander 's kiss , the transformation , and my baptism into the coven . 
 my heart slowed ; my body felt thin and deflated as it gave way , sinking into the couch . 
 edmond must have realized i had no strength left ; he released me . 
 i focused on the ceiling , trying desperately to fight against the weight of my heavy eyelids . 
 i did n't want to sleep forever , to die in this place . 
 chapter 23 * * * * * laying in a daze , unable to move , i fought against the weight of my eyelids , needing to keep conscious . 
 kallisto licked the blood from her lips and returned to her seat on the couch . 
 `` that should keep you silent , '' she cackled . 
 the sound of her laugh was muffled , but it echoed all around me . 
 my hearing was distorted ; sounds seemed to bounce off the walls . 
 the familiar dehydrated sensation returned to me , the burning inside my body . 
 hunger welled up inside me . 
 i needed blood . 
 i desperately tried to will myself upward , but it was no use . 
 i could n't move ; my body was heavy and my limbs would not respond . 
 `` you did not kill her , mistress ? '' 
 edmond asked . 
 `` not yet . 
 lysander needs to feel she is still alive . '' 
 `` you 're brilliant , my queen . '' 
 edmond 's words , though in praise , sounded more rehearsed than real . 
 his calm face showed no sign of emotion . 
 i wondered if kallisto 's recent revelation had some effect on his thoughts . 
 kallisto reveled in her victory over me . 
 no amount of will power , it seemed , could get my limbs to move . 
 i was paralyzed and unable to defend against her taunts and advances . 
 she wiped my wounded neck with her finger and showed it to me , waving the smeared blood in front of my face . 
 i wanted to cry out , but my lips would n't move . 
 i could only let out a soft whimper . 
 she licked her fingers clean , moaning with pleasure as her eyes rolled back into her head . 
 `` i can taste his essence in your blood . '' 
 she appeared to swoon . 
 `` edmond , would you like a taste ? '' 
 again , she wiped the blood from my neck and offered it to edmond . 
 `` no , thank you , mistress , '' he responded in a low monotone . 
 she ignored his words , wiping blood on his lips , letting out a girlish giggle as she did it . 
 i wanted to lash out in anger , but my body was heavy and unwilling to move . 
 move , damn you ! 
 get up , do something ! 
 i willed my hand to move , to do something , but it would not cooperate . 
 kallisto must have recognized the struggle in my eyes . 
 `` hungry , dear ? '' 
 she taunted . 
 `` did you want some too ? '' 
 once more she wiped the blood from my neck , tracing it with her finger on the outside of my lips . 
 `` enjoy , '' she cackled . 
 rage tore through me , but i had no way to unleash it . 
 i needed blood to reanimate my lifeless body . 
 i was a motionless lump , unable to perform the simple action of licking my own lips . 
 a commotion outside stole kallisto and edmond 's focus . 
 `` ah , here is your knight in shining armor now , alyssa . '' 
 kallisto gloated . 
 her eyes lit up in anticipation . 
 `` right on time . '' 
 `` shall i call your guard , mistress ? '' 
 edmond asked . 
 i heard distant shouting and sounds of a struggle . 
 someone yelled . 
 shrieks of men sounded outside of the front window . 
 excitement showed on kallisto 's face `` i think they already know , '' she said with a smirk . 
 `` let him come to me . '' 
 the sound of crashing glass filled my ears . 
 a limp figure flew through the window , ripping off the sheet that had been used as daylight cover . 
 the body hit the floor with a dull thud . 
 kallisto 's and edmond 's attention was drawn to the gaping hole that had been the living room window . 
 edmond slowly bent down to inspect the lifeless body on the ground . 
 `` mistress , this one is one of ours : collin . '' 
 kallisto shook with rage . 
 `` go out there and bring lysander back to me . 
 he will pay for this . '' 
 edmond disappeared in a rush . 
 the sound of crunching glass filled the room . 
 kallisto looked up towards the broken window . 
 the expectant look on her face suddenly turned to horror . 
 her mouth hung open . 
 her eyes grew wide . 
 i heard the footsteps of someone climbing though the broken glass . 
 i could tell this was not someone she had expected to see . 
 i cursed my fragile body , but was unable to move . 
 i wanted to know who it was that could cause such fear in kallisto 's eyes . 
 i tried hard to glimpse this character out of the corner of my eye , but it was no use . 
 unable to turn my head , i could n't see who it was . 
 i heard the sounds of fighting continue outside . 
 this person , whoever it was , was n't alone . 
 the others who had been sent to guard the home were now undoubtedly locked in battle with whoever was audacious enough to take on kallisto 's coven . 
 `` kallisto , i presume . 
 at last we meet , '' the stranger said . 
 marked by age , his voice was new to me , not a voice i had heard before . 
 i wracked my brain to think of who it might be . 
 terror struck me as i thought of the only person who brought fear to the hearts of most immortals . 
 the saints . 
 of course . 
 it must be santino . 
 i could n't speak it , even if my lips had been willing to move . 
 death was here . 
 he must have had the van followed . 
 surely our escape had drawn some attention . 
 it would n't have been hard to keep the building under surveillance , and a group of hooded people in sunglasses jumping into a darkened van had to have alerted them . 
 `` santino , '' kallisto greeted him with a note of superiority . 
 she raised herself to her full height as she sat defiantly on the couch . 
 `` how is it you have escaped me all these years ? '' 
 santino asked . 
 `` leave my house immediately , saint , '' kallisto hissed . 
 `` you know as well as i do that this is n't your home , kallisto . 
 i can smell what 's left of the poor mortals you slaughtered to acquire it . '' 
 `` your reverence for those poor mortals is truly awe-inspiring , saint , '' kallisto said , her voice dripping with sarcasm . 
 a low bass growl rumbled from santino 's direction . 
 i wanted desperately to see him for myself . 
 struggling against my failing muscles , i finally found some strength . 
 my head moved , flopping over on its side . 
 santino vitale came into view . 
 lysander 's sketch did n't do him justice . 
 he was frightening to look at . 
 a ghostly white face scarred by battle , wrinkled and creased with age . 
 his hair was a rat 's nest , a mess of gray and black hanging wildly about his face like a lion 's mane . 
 fresh blood speckled his face , and he breathed heavily with a hoarse and raspy sound . 
 `` it does not matter how i came by this house . 
 it is my home now , and you will leave , '' kallisto demanded . 
 `` i 'm afraid i ca n't do that , '' santino said calmly . 
 `` i 'm sure you understand the nature of my visit . '' 
 he reached toward his belt , unsheathing a large serrated knife . 
 he smiled wickedly , looking up at kallisto and flashing the blade in front of her face . 
 a large , gold-inlaid cross was carved into the handle . 
 writing of some kind , a scripture perhaps , was etched into the blade . 
 kallisto 's eyes seemed to be focused on the large knife . 
 after a few moments of silence , she seemed to regain her composure . 
 `` you have the audacity to come here , to address me -- you , who kills your own kind for sport ? '' 
 her voice was hesitant . 
 i sensed fear . 
 she was stalling for more time . 
 she must have been hoping her guard would come . 
 santino growled , `` it is not sport that drives me to my tasks , madam . 
 it is duty . 
 you and your kind are an abomination in the eyes of god . '' 
 `` what god do you speak of ? '' 
 kallisto snapped . 
 `` zeus , allah , jupiter , shangdi ? 
 or do you speak in the name of some other deity ? '' 
 `` i speak for the one true god and his church , '' santino said proudly , his chest thrust out as he spoke . 
 `` you speak for rome and whatever rome tells you . '' 
 kallisto 's voice regained a little of its power . 
 `` i knew rome in the days of jupiter . 
 did your precious church teach you anything about its history ? 
 let me enlighten you . 
 the romans stole their gods from the greeks , then after they had altered their meanings and become tired of worshipping them , they threw them aside , choosing their new christian deity -- the one you now serve . 
 do not speak to me of one god . 
 i 've lived through many . 
 talk to me in another thousand years and your god will have become myth , just as many others have before . 
 mortals have short attention spans for their deities . '' 
 `` i 'm afraid you will not be around to speak to in a thousand years , madam , '' santino laughed . 
 `` and i 'm not here to discuss your religious beliefs ; however , i will send you to your maker so you can discuss it with him . 
 by order of the holy roman catholic church , you are -- '' `` spare me your babble , saint , '' she spat at santino . 
 `` -- hereby sentenced to final death . '' 
 santino ignored her protests and reached out , grabbing her arm . 
 kallisto screeched as santino pulled her down and ripped her dress , knocking her off balance . 
 she quickly recovered and swung her foot forward in an attempt to kick santino . 
 he fell backward , just out of the way of her foot , and swiped at her other leg . 
 she fell to the ground with a thud . 
 the corner of santino 's mouth rose in a crooked grin . 
 he bent down , knife at the ready . 
 kallisto pawed at santino , grabbing a handful of his hair . 
 she yanked his head sideways , exposing his neck . 
 baring her fangs , she let out a primal growl . 
 i cursed my weak body . 
 i could n't escape , even while these two were caught in battle with one another . 
 they seemed very evenly matched . 
 santino 's aged look was only a cover for the immortal energy beneath . 
 in a blur , santino stood and threw kallisto into the wall . 
 drywall cracked and the whole house groaned and shook with the impact . 
 she fell to the ground , stunned . 
 santino quickly mounted her . 
 he pinned her to the ground , delivering merciless punches to her face . 
 blood splattered into the air ; droplets landed on me as santino pummeled her . 
 kallisto 's arms flailed . 
 she clawed at his face . 
 `` get off of me , '' she screamed . 
 santino bared his fangs and bent down to kallisto . 
 she jerked and writhed under him suddenly , with strength i had not thought it possible she still had . 
 she grasped him and sent him tumbling to the ground , crashing into the couch where i lay . 
 thankfully , no one took any notice of me , but the jolt from the impact rolled my head back , forcing me to look straight up at the ceiling . 
 i had no control over my body , and now i could only hear the struggle as it continued below me on the floor . 
 limbs flashed over my head . 
 yells , grunts , screeching , and moaning filled my ears . 
 the walls shook as the two vampires continued to destroy the room in their struggle . 
 i wondered what would happen next . 
 if santino kills kallisto , will he come after me ? 
 will he chase after edmond , thinking me dead ? 
 are kallisto 's followers still outside of the house , or have they , too , been destroyed ? 
 the room fell silent . 
 desperately , i pushed my body to move . 
 i needed to see what was happening . 
 i willed my muscles to work . 
 slowly , they contracted , allowing my head to roll . 
 santino and kallisto came into view . 
 santino had again mounted kallisto , and his head was buried in her neck . 
 her arms were wrapped around his body , nails digging into his clothes , slowly clawing away at his back . 
 i sensed the weakness in her . 
 one of her hands fell limply to the floor . 
 she let out a feeble whimper . 
 then , the other hand fell . 
 her body shuddered , then stilled . 
 santino looked up as my head came to rest , and our eyes met . 
 oh hell ! 
 a rush of fear took over . 
 i 'd been ignored up to this point . 
 now santino knew i was alive . 
 santino grabbed his large knife and cut into kallisto 's neck , sawing it down to the bone . 
 seconds later , a loud crack sounded as he snapped the neck with his hands . 
 a chill went down my spine . 
 i knew that was the final blow . 
 what little blood there was dripped down to the floor as he finished slicing the last strings of flesh attaching her head to her neck . 
 the sweet smell of blood permeated the air , reminding me of my thirst . 
 small droplets of blood dripped from the severed head as santino held it up . 
 he made the sign of the cross and mumbled something in latin , before tossing the head into the living room fireplace . 
 sounds of struggle could still be heard outside of the house . 
 i wondered what had happened to edmond , if he had attempted an escape or if he was trying to locate reinforcements . 
 santino stood and walked to the fireplace . 
 a small metal key jutted out from the wall . 
 he turned it and a faint hissing came from within the wall . 
 santino mumbled again under his breath . 
 his hand searched the surrounding wall until he found a light switch and flipped it up . 
 flames quickly erupted in the fireplace . 
 the burning smell of hair and flesh immediately attacked my senses . 
 the fire quickly engulfed the severed head . 
 kallisto was no more . 
 santino grunted and looked over his shoulder at me . 
 chapter 24 * * * * * paralyzed , i was an easy target . 
 santino turned and took a step towards me . 
 if i could have screamed , i would have , but i made no more than a whimper . 
 `` looks like someone got to you first , '' he said in a low voice . 
 i could n't answer . 
 i was weak ; my heart could n't even beat to match the fear i felt . 
 i whimpered . 
 please , no ! 
 leave me alone . 
 go after edmond . 
 he grabbed my head , moving it from side to side , examining my wounded neck . 
 a man yelled outside , and the sounds of fighting suddenly stopped . 
 santino arched his eyebrow and turned to look over his shoulder . 
 silence surrounded us , and after a minute , he returned his attention to me . 
 `` not going to be much of a fight , are you ? '' 
 he asked , grabbing his large knife again . 
 blood coated it from his recent kill . 
 kallisto 's blood . 
 i caught the scent of it . 
 my body cried out for it . 
 i needed blood . 
 i needed to live . 
 i needed to get out of this mess . 
 the sound of kallisto 's neck cracking and popping as santino snapped it echoed in my ears . 
 i knew those sounds would soon be coming from me if i did n't somehow move . 
 santino 's eyes closed . 
 he made the sign of the cross and mumbled a prayer . 
 i called forth all the strength and energy i could muster . 
 one final time , i willed my muscles to listen . 
 move , i yelled in my head . 
 move , damn it ! 
 but my body would not respond . 
 i had nothing left . 
 there would be no escape . 
 santino 's eyes opened . 
 he stared down at me with disgust , as if i were a mangy animal and it was beneath him to have to put me down . 
 his lip curled into a sneer . 
 i shuddered beneath him . 
 his gaze sent shivers down my spine . 
 i knew death was imminent . 
 he breathed a deep , growling breath and placed the blade to my neck . 
 i felt its deadly weight and sharpness . 
 `` santino ! '' 
 a man shouted from the broken window . 
 i recognized this voice and the warm feeling that accompanied it . 
 santino turned to view this new interruption . 
 reaching down , he put his hands into his pockets and pulled out a small remote . 
 pressing it , he dropped it to the ground . 
 it flashed back and forth from red to green , emitting no sound as it fell out of my view . 
 though his body blocked most of my view , i could make out two figures standing in the window . 
 one of the figures , a man , was struggling . 
 `` let me go , '' he shrieked . 
 santino took a few steps closer to the pair , and as he moved out of my view i saw lysander , edmond , and the peregrinus clan at the window . 
 a brief feeling of relief washed over me . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 santino asked . 
 `` you all come willingly to repent and meet your god ? '' 
 lysander held edmond firmly by the arm . 
 he stepped inside the house , pulling edmond with him . 
 glass crunched under his feet . 
 the sound was music to my ears . 
 surely the peregrinus and lysander could take on santino , and we would all be safe . 
 `` still rome 's lapdog , are we , santino ? '' 
 lysander growled . 
 i was never more happy to see a man 's face than i was at that moment . 
 lysander looked so strong , so masculine , so powerful , standing there in front of santino . 
 lysander shoved edmond forward , sending him crashing to the floor . 
 he turned as if looking for an exit , but the peregrinus clan blocked his escape . 
 they quickly followed through the broken window . 
 edmond frantically scanned the room , probably looking for some way out . 
 as kallisto 's decapitated body came into his view , a look of horror crossed edmond 's face . 
 he fell to his knees , grasping the lifeless hand of his former mistress . 
 `` kallisto , no ! '' 
 he screamed . 
 santino paid no attention to edmond . 
 `` lysander , it 's been a long time , '' he said . 
 `` i knew i would find you again . 
 please , regale me with some witty insight . 
 make me see the light , as you like to say . 
 tell me why i should let you and your kind live . '' 
 lysander stepped forward . 
 `` my kind ? 
 you seem to forget , santino : you are one of us too . '' 
 `` you will have to do better than that , '' santino snapped . 
 `` just remember , santino , rome condemns us all . '' 
 lysander continued to slowly step closer to santino . 
 his face was hard and stern as he prepared for battle . 
 `` i have no worries about my afterlife . 
 it is you who should be considering yours , and you will meet it quite soon . '' 
 santino stood his ground . 
 lysander stopped a few inches away from him . 
 `` do you think when you finish your mission -- destroying us all -- they will grant you some heavenly pardon ? '' 
 the peregrinus watched in silence , waiting for some cue to make a move . 
 `` my place in heaven is already secure . 
 worry about your own afterlife , '' said santino . 
 `` your guarantee to heaven is determined by whom , santino ? 
 some pope who died centuries ago ? '' 
 `` i do god 's work . 
 i have no fear of meeting him and accepting his praise when i am done . '' 
 `` you are no different than i , santino . 
 you think killing immortals makes you better than killing a mortal ? 
 you still end life , and your church , no matter what they tell you , wo n't condone that . '' 
 `` i destroy evil , '' santino said coldly , the first hint of emotion i had seen from him . 
 `` i know the commandments you are supposed to abide by . 
 there is no fine print in ` thou shall not kill . ' 
 go on and maintain that holier-than-thou attitude . 
 when it is all over , i 'll still see you in hell , if that 's where we 're meant to go . '' 
 santino sneered , his lip rising to reveal his fangs . 
 `` at least i 'll have the pleasure of knowing you 're there waiting to greet me . '' 
 they stared at one another , each seeming to mentally size up his opponent . 
 the air remained still in the house . 
 everyone waited for the first move to be made . 
 it seemed as if they were locked in a stalemate , neither one making the first move to attack the other . 
 they continued their posturing , staring into one another 's eyes and scowling . 
 something was wrong , i sensed . 
 santino was taking too long to make a move . 
 what was he waiting for ? 
 lysander 's gaze shifted quickly from santino to me . 
 save yourself . 
 something is n't right . 
 his eyes narrowed in anger , then suddenly softened . 
 i saw a hint of worry there . 
 santino took the opportunity and lunged forward . 
 lysander fell to the ground with santino on top of him . 
 `` no , lysander ! '' 
 i moaned through motionless lips . 
 a blurry mass of bodies wrestled on the ground in front of me . 
 santino let out a yelp . 
 his body flew across the room . 
 he recovered as soon as he crashed to the ground . 
 `` you will have to do better than that , monster , '' he snarled at lysander . 
 `` you 're as much a monster as i am , santino . '' 
 he shifted his gaze to one of the clan . 
 `` get alyssa out of here , '' he yelled . 
 a strange noise came from outside of the house . 
 i could make out the sounds of someone else approaching . 
 a shadow moved around the window where damon stood guard . 
 some of the others must have heard the noise , too . 
 crystal turned just in time to see damon 's face grimace as a ball of flame shot through the broken window and enveloped him . 
 the heat of the fireball filled the living room as damon 's clothing began to burn . 
 he turned towards the window and another fireball blasted through it . 
 damon screamed in pain , falling to the floor as the flames engulfed him . 
 the clan members scattered to avoid the fire . 
 panic struck me . 
 i realized that a second wave of the acta sanctorum had arrived . 
 that must have been what santino had been waiting for . 
 damon 's screams filled the room as he rolled on the ground . 
 unfortunately , there was no saving him . 
 the carpet caught fire , and it quickly spread around the room . 
 more flames shot through the front window , igniting the furniture : chairs , tables , and cabinets all blackened as they burned . 
 the peregrinus took cover , avoiding the blaze and trying to find a way out of the burning building . 
 santino laughed as the flames encircled lysander and himself . 
 `` there is no escape , lysander . 
 welcome your death . '' 
 `` only if you come with me . '' 
 lysander 's fists moved at blurring speed as they made contact with santino 's face . 
 he pummeled santino with a fierceness i had never witnessed in him before . 
 reflections of the flames glinted in his eyes . 
 santino looked as if he would be defeated , but in a move faster than my eyes could comprehend , he spun out of the way and delivered a blow to lysander 's side . 
 he fell with a loud crash out of my view . 
 oh , no . 
 get up , lysander . 
 get up ! 
 the lifeless body of kallisto began to singe and burn . 
 the gross stench of burning flesh filled my nose . 
 flames crawled up the side of the couch , and i felt the heat warming my skin . 
 being burned alive was n't the way i had wanted to die . 
 i did n't want to endure the slow death from the fire . 
 lysander was up again , holding a flaming piece of broken chair . 
 he flung it across the room , and it smashed into pieces against santino 's body . 
 bone-chilling laughter erupted from santino . 
 `` is that the best you 've got ? 
 i 'm surprised . 
 i expected more from an ancient like you . 
 but i guess you are all soft like kallisto . '' 
 lysander growled , teeth bared , hatred painted over his face . 
 he moved in a blur . 
 his fists collided with santino 's face . 
 santino groaned , but did n't fall . 
 he smiled wickedly and pulled his large knife from its sheath . 
 lunging forward , he plunged it straight into lysander 's chest . 
 a dull thud sounded as they both collapsed onto the floor . 
 lysander . 
 i struggled but could n't do more than wiggle ; my body was still paralyzed . 
 no , lysander . 
 you ca n't die . 
 a hand grabbed hold of my arm . 
 my world turned upside down as i was lifted into the air and tossed over someone 's shoulder . 
 my still body hung limply . 
 flames licked my face from the ground and singed the ends of my hair . 
 someone was carrying me out . 
 no , we have to go back and save him ! 
 my savior flung me off of his shoulders to the ground . 
 i landed hard on the grassy lawn . 
 edmond ? 
 i focused on his face , shocked that he , of all people , would risk his life to save me from the fire . 
 he knelt down beside me and bit his wrist . 
 `` drink ! '' 
 he ordered . 
 he parted my lips and held his bleeding wrist over my mouth . 
 warm , thick blood drizzled down into my throat . 
 the sweet , honey-like taste awakened my senses . 
 my limbs reanimated , and i was quickly able to raise them and hold edmond 's wrist to my mouth . 
 i greedily sucked , pulling the saving blood from the wound , swallowing huge gulps . 
 edmond moaned in pain , but he allowed me to drink in my fill . 
 he made no motion to stop me , even though i was draining him of his life . 
 his arm went limp in my hands . 
 i released him and he collapsed to the ground . 
 `` why did you save me ? '' 
 edmond 's eyes appeared sunken and bruised , the white of his face exaggerated ; hints of the veins underneath his skin had become more pronounced . 
 i knew i had taken more blood from him than i should have . 
 `` forgive me , '' he pleaded . 
 `` i have been a monster . '' 
 `` i ca n't do that . 
 your fight is with lysander . 
 only he can pass judgment on you . '' 
 i saw fear in his eyes as he lay weakly before me on the ground . 
 i did n't quite know how to feel . 
 he had saved me from the fire and from the saints at the penthouse , but he had condemned my lysander in the process . 
 i pushed myself up , standing to survey the area . 
 it felt good to have control of my limbs again . 
 sounds of the struggle with the saints filled my ears . 
 looking around , i spied crystal feeding from a motionless figure lying on the ground . 
 i searched the grounds . 
 a small flame could be seen at the end of a strange weapon lying a few feet from where i was standing . 
 a flame thrower : perfect . 
 these saints really know how to choose a weapon . 
 i saw nicholas locked in a battle with another figure , who appeared to be an immortal like us . 
 i assumed he was one of santino 's children , another saint . 
 nicholas knocked the man to the ground and lunged at his neck . 
 thank goodness the peregrinus have things under control . 
 i could n't see rozaline or drew . 
 thick , acrid smoke filled the air around us . 
 the house was quickly succumbing to the flames . 
 i moved to get the abandoned weapon , but edmond grabbed my arm . 
 `` no , you must n't , '' he cautioned . 
 `` you 're not strong enough . '' 
 `` i wo n't leave my friends , '' i yelled , jerking my arm out of his weak grasp . 
 `` i 'm not going to let them die . '' 
 i ran to pick up the gun-like weapon and spotted rozaline . 
 a man had her pinned and appeared to be bending down to her neck . 
 she writhed beneath him , struggling to get free . 
 i grabbed the flamethrower and slung the backpack over my shoulder . 
 yelling for rozaline to stay still , i caught the attention of her attacker . 
 he briefly looked at me as i pulled the trigger on the gun . 
 a stream of fire shot right at his head . 
 he fell away from her , screeching and flailing , trying to extinguish the flames . 
 my plan had worked too well ; rozaline was too close to the inferno and had caught fire . 
 she rolled on the ground , screaming . 
 no ! 
 i spotted a hose attached to the house and rushed over to it . 
 turning it on , i drenched her , extinguishing the flames . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , '' i apologized , tears streaming down my face . 
 `` i thought i would just hit the saint . '' 
 i panicked . 
 her face and arms were badly burned . 
 she could n't speak ; wounds covered her lips . 
 she whimpered in pain on the ground . 
 i remembered what crystal said about our blood and its healing properties . 
 i bit into my wrist , wincing as my teeth broke the skin . 
 blood rushed to the surface instantly . 
 i drizzled it over her face , squeezing my arm like a wet towel , soaking her wounds . 
 her mouth opened and i placed my wrist over it , allowing her to drink . 
 the wounds appeared to scab over . 
 drew arrived and dropped to his knees before her , immediately offering his blood , too . 
 i kept apologizing profusely , unable to hide my tears . 
 i felt terrible for hurting her . 
 `` she will heal , alyssa , '' drew said . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . 
 i did n't know what else to do . '' 
 annoyance played in drew 's voice . 
 `` the time for apologies is later . 
 right now , she needs blood . '' 
 edmond came to join us , followed by crystal and nicholas . 
 all were bloody and injured , but still alive . 
 `` what the hell happened here ? '' 
 nicholas yelled , seeing his wounded mate . 
 `` alyssa used the flamethrower against one of the saints and rozaline got caught in the middle , '' drew answered . 
 nicholas thrust me harshly out of the way , kneeling down to rozaline . 
 he offered her his wrist . 
 `` nicholas , i 'm -- '' `` do n't speak to me , '' he growled . 
 police sirens sounded in the distance ; no doubt someone had called in this fire . 
 headless , mutilated , and burned corpses lay strewn about all around us . 
 mortal and immortal saints alike , as well as the remainder of kallisto 's coven , were all dead . 
 `` we must quickly rid the grounds of the bodies , '' said drew . 
 `` what about lysander ? '' 
 i yelled . 
 `` if he 's alive , he 'll make his way out of the building . 
 there is no way for you to get him now . 
 we need to get rid of the evidence , '' drew commanded . 
 the clan quickly rushed to gather corpses and toss them inside through the broken window . 
 the flames sparked and popped as bodies were engulfed in the fire . 
 the sounds of the sirens got closer . 
 lysander had still not emerged . 
 drew urged us to leave before the police and fire department arrived . 
 i could no longer hear the sounds of the struggle inside of the house . 
 tears poured down my face . 
 please come out , lysander . 
 `` alyssa , let 's go , '' drew urged . 
 `` yes , alyssa , we need to leave now , '' crystal pleaded . 
 i stood paralyzed , eyes transfixed on the fire , not wanting to leave . 
 `` i ca n't leave lysander , '' i yelled . 
 someone grabbed me from behind and tossed me over his shoulder . 
 `` no ! 
 lysander , '' i screamed . 
 chapter 25 * * * * * smoke filled the air ; the scent of burning flesh surrounded us . 
 i kicked , screamed , and punched as i was carried away . 
 `` we ca n't leave him , '' i yelled . 
 `` shut up ! '' 
 nicholas growled at me . 
 kallisto had chosen her safe house in a neighborhood close to the one lysander lived in . 
 even as we arrived at his house , locking ourselves inside , the sirens sounded as if they were right outside the door . 
 edmond tossed me on the couch . 
 nicholas gently laid rozaline out on the loveseat near me and went to turn on the tv . 
 a helicopter flew over the top of the house as more sirens echoed in the night . 
 as expected , the media had been alerted to the fire , and they interrupted local broadcasts to present this breaking news . 
 the helicopter circled wide above the neighborhood , broadcasting images of the burning house . 
 eyewitnesses looking for their fifteen minutes of fame threw themselves in front of news cameras to give their account of the events , calling our fight a violent gang war . 
 `` they had flame throwers and guns and they tore that poor house apart ... '' said a middle-aged balding man . 
 `` it 's those damn gang bangers , '' another witness said . 
 `` it 's not enough they do drive-bys . 
 now , they are committing arson right in our quiet neighborhood . 
 nowhere is safe anymore . '' 
 an image flashed on the screen : the house we had just been in , smoke billowing high into the sky as flames shot out of the second-story window . 
 tears poured down my face . 
 i thought of lysander . 
 he had risked his life to come back and save me . 
 i shoved my head into the cushions of the couch , punching my anger into them , crying . 
 it is because of me that lysander is burning alive inside of that house . 
 `` i 'm sorry , lysander , '' i whispered . 
 `` he 's not dead , '' nicholas snapped at me . 
 he did n't look at me . 
 he carefully tended to rozaline 's wounds . 
 `` ca n't you feel him ? '' 
 i thought about him , picturing his beautiful eyes , remembering our night together and the smile on his face as we woke in the evening . 
 a warm feeling came over me . 
 i barely recognized it at first , as i was concentrating so hard on his face , burning his features into my memory . 
 it was him ! 
 he was alive somewhere . 
 i felt that strange warmth , his presence . 
 i shot up from the couch . 
 `` he is alive , '' i exclaimed . 
 `` i feel him close . '' 
 `` we know , '' croaked rozaline from the loveseat next to me . 
 she looked frightening , her face badly wounded from the flames . 
 nicholas tried to comfort her in her pain . 
 `` but how could you know ? '' 
 `` we are his children too , '' nicholas growled . 
 i could tell he was upset with me for hurting his mate . 
 i sensed the emotions he felt . 
 he made no attempt to hide his feelings from me . 
 are n't all of his children dead ? 
 `` lysander liked to keep that fact a secret , '' rozaline rasped , choking the words out . 
 i thought back to our first meeting and my initial jealousy , remembering how lysander had seemed so happy to see rozaline and hung on her every word . 
 it made sense to me now why lysander looked on rozaline with such caring . 
 not like a lover , but like a father . 
 that 's why he was so willing to let them stay with us . 
 they were loyal to him and he trusted them because they were his children . 
 they could have fled the city , leaving lysander to deal with kallisto and the saints . 
 any other immortal would have just left as soon as the acta sanctorum was mentioned , but they had stayed and fought next to him . 
 i could see why he kept their relationship secret ; he had never even written their connection into his memoirs . 
 after kallisto had destroyed all of his other children , he could n't risk it . 
 why wo n't they go save him now ? 
 an image of lysander , lying helpless and hurt , barely clinging to life in that burning house , flashed in my mind . 
 i looked down , seeing the pain on rozaline 's face and the terrible burns she had suffered in only a few seconds of fire . 
 `` he needs help , '' i shouted . 
 `` should n't someone go after him ? '' 
 `` there is nothing we can do now , '' nicholas said . 
 `` why did we leave him in the first place ? '' 
 anger marked nicholas 's voice . 
 `` listen , sparky , we could n't have gone into that burning house to save him . 
 the fire would have destroyed us , too . '' 
 `` we did n't have to run away , '' i snapped at him , shooting him an angry glare . 
 `` we could n't provide any support against santino from outside the house , '' nicholas barked back at me . 
 `` but we did n't even try to help him . 
 we just ran away . '' 
 `` we took care of the others . 
 regrouping here to tend to our wounded is the only choice we had left . 
 that house is swarming with mortals , there are cameras everywhere . 
 if we 're caught , we expose ourselves to more than just a few people . 
 you know the rules against that . 
 lysander would n't have wanted us to expose ourselves to go after his corpse . '' 
 i cringed to hear lysander 's name followed by the word `` corpse . '' 
 he will be a corpse soon if someone does n't go help him . 
 `` well , we ca n't just leave him out there now . 
 someone needs to go after him . '' 
 `` we 're not going back there until those humans are gone . 
 we 're not risking exposure . '' 
 `` that may be too late . 
 what if he is dying ? 
 if you wo n't do it , i 'll go after him . 
 it 's my turn to do something . 
 i 'll go save him myself . '' 
 i shot up from my seat on the couch . 
 `` no . 
 you stay here . 
 we have had quite enough of your heroics . '' 
 nicholas rose from his seat and walked towards the kitchen . 
 i felt the anger nicholas had for me . 
 i looked at rozaline , seeing the pain in her face . 
 i wanted to say something . 
 it seemed nicholas hated me for causing harm to come to her , but rozaline did n't look on me with hatred . 
 i had already apologized , but it did n't feel like enough . 
 `` i 'm sorry for what i 've done . 
 please forgive me , '' i begged , falling to my knees at the base of the loveseat . 
 `` i will heal . 
 what matters is , i am alive , '' she said . 
 her raspy voice was still kind , even though i had almost killed her . 
 `` i do not deserve your patience , rozaline . '' 
 `` what you did was done out of good intentions . 
 your methods may have been questionable , but you meant me no harm . 
 i forgive you . '' 
 `` i doubt nicholas will . 
 he seems pretty angry . '' 
 `` he will get over it when i am better . 
 he is very protective of me , just as lysander has been protective of you . '' 
 the mention of lysander 's name caused tears to well in my eyes . 
 another image of lysander flashed in my mind . 
 i saw him slowly sinking in a dark murky pool . 
 `` i have to go after him . 
 i 'll do it alone if no one will go with me . '' 
 i shot up and walked to the door . 
 a hand grasped my arm . 
 `` you 're really going after him , are n't you ? '' 
 nicholas asked . 
 `` yes . 
 let me go ! '' 
 i yanked my arm from his grasp . 
 `` and what do you plan to do if a human sees you ? '' 
 `` i 'll figure that out when i get there . '' 
 i 'll kill them if i have to . 
 i 'm not coming back without him . 
 nicholas smirked . 
 i wondered if he had read my mind . 
 `` you do care for him , do n't you ? '' 
 `` yes , of course i -- '' `` fine , i 'm going with you . '' 
 we stepped outside into the smoky air . 
 the burning house was close . 
 nicholas stood rigid for a moment . 
 his eyes closed and his head slowly turned from side to side . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 his answer did n't come . 
 he stood rigid in one spot , slowly turning his head . 
 he lifted his head up slightly , appearing to sniff at the air like a dog . 
 `` this way . '' 
 he took off in a sprint . 
 `` we will try to come in from the back yard . '' 
 i followed as he hopped over a large stucco wall . 
 `` try to keep up , '' he yelled , bounding over the walls behind houses as if they were mere racing hurdles . 
 i stumbled , trying to keep up . 
 my foot caught the edge of a wall , sending me crashing to the ground . 
 `` damn it , i should have done this myself , '' nicholas grumbled . 
 heat rose to my face . 
 `` i 'm fine , thanks for asking . '' 
 `` i did n't ask , because no , i do n't care . 
 we 're here for lysander , not you . '' 
 `` i would have preferred to do this myself . '' 
 `` and the last time you tried to be a hero , how did that turn out ? 
 do you know how much pain she is in ? '' 
 `` look , i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't mean to -- `` `` just shut up . 
 do as i say , and keep up . '' 
 we hopped the last wall , making it to the yard of kallisto 's safe house . 
 the heat from the fire was intense ; the air was choked with black , acrid smoke . 
 i spotted the pool and a large mass floating on the surface . 
 `` lysander , '' i gasped , and ran toward him . 
 nicholas held out his arm and stopped me . 
 `` wait , '' he snapped as he looked around the yard . 
 `` what are we waiting for ? 
 let 's get him out of there . '' 
 as i spoke the words , a man in a bright yellow fireman 's coat ran around the back yard . 
 he must have spotted lysander 's body floating in the pool . 
 `` one body back here , '' the fireman shouted into a small speaker at his shoulder . 
 `` crap , '' i said . 
 `` what are we going to do about him ? '' 
 `` did n't you say you would do anything to save lysander ? '' 
 `` it 's not polite to read minds . '' 
 `` never said i was polite . 
 go get him . '' 
 nicholas pointed at the fireman . 
 `` i 'll watch your back in case there are more . '' 
 the fireman reached out into the pool , stretching to grab lysander 's body . 
 i walked quickly and quietly over to him . 
 how am i going to get rid of him without exposing myself ? 
 should i knock him into the pool ? 
 should i feed from him ? 
 no , that would kill him . 
 he 's an innocent . 
 i ca n't do that . 
 i reached the edge of the pool . 
 the fireman was still attempting to pull out lysander 's body . 
 i could knock him unconscious . 
 if he did n't see , me he would never know what had happened . 
 perfect . 
 i smiled , proud of myself for coming up with the plan . 
 i slammed his head against the side of the pool . 
 the fireman fell to the ground unconscious . 
 his head fell limp into the water . 
 crap . 
 i hope i did n't do too much damage . 
 i pulled him away from the pool and laid him out on the grass . 
 i could still hear his heart beating . 
 he 's alive . 
 good . 
 when he wakes up , he 's going to have one hell of a headache . 
 a new voice boomed into the back yard . 
 `` mason , why are n't you answering your radio ? 
 what 's up with that body in the back yard ? '' 
 `` there 's more of them . '' 
 `` let 's get a move on , sweetheart , '' nicholas called out to me . 
 `` no time to play with your food . '' 
 `` i was n't planning on killing him . '' 
 `` no time for explanations , there are more of them coming . 
 i 'll get him out . '' 
 nicholas barked . 
 `` you get back over that wall . '' 
 he walked over and caught lysander 's hand . 
 he dragged the limp body out , tossing it over his shoulders . 
 `` how will we get him out of here ? '' 
 `` i 'll try to take him with me over the wall . 
 you go first and catch if necessary . '' 
 catch ? 
 there was no time to question . 
 i did as nicholas said and made my way over the wall and waited for nicholas to come over . 
 nicholas was extremely strong , even by vampire standards , but the added weight of lysander 's limp body made hopping the walls a much harder task . 
 i could tell the dead weight of lysander threw him off balance . 
 he groaned as he landed , almost toppling over a few times before we made it back to lysander 's home . 
 nicholas laid lysander out on the couch . 
 he was weak and unresponsive . 
 i could see now that his skin and clothing were singed , and he looked just as monstrous as rozaline . 
 water dripped from his clothes , soaking into the couch . 
 the battle he and santino had fought had taken its toll on him , and he was unable to move or speak . 
 he lay there silently , staring up at the ceiling as if dead . 
 `` thank you , thank you , '' i said to nicholas , throwing my arms around him . 
 i could still feel his animosity , but he accepted my thanks . 
 `` take care of him . 
 he needs you , '' he grumbled . 
 `` i hope so , '' i said trying to hold back the tears of joy . 
 edmond joined us in the living room . 
 `` is there anything i can do to help ? 
 does lysander need blood ? '' 
 gone was the powerful demeanor ; he appeared now a defeated and pathetic man , a mere shadow of his once former proud self . 
 he held out his arm in offering to lysander . 
 `` why are you still here ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he turned to look at me , his eyes sad , traces of tears lining his cheeks . 
 `` i must make things right with lysander . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` it is the honorable thing to do . 
 i have caused your master much grief in my time . 
 now that my mistress is destroyed , i will submit and pay for my crimes however lysander deems fitting . '' 
 `` are you ready to die now ? '' 
 `` if that is lysander 's wish . '' 
 chapter 26 * * * * * our efforts to tend to the wounded showed quick progress . 
 by the next evening , rozaline and lysander both began to look more like themselves . 
 the burns on both their faces had become scars and were slowly disappearing . 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 i asked , joining lysander on the couch . 
 he did n't respond , staring at the distant wall as if watching something important on a television . 
 `` no need to answer me now ; just know i 'm so happy you 're alive . '' 
 i nuzzled into his chest , listening to the faint sounds of his heartbeat . 
 edmond walked into the living room . 
 i had almost forgotten that he was still with us . 
 his presence had an effect on lysander . 
 he turned and stared ; a growl rumbled in his chest . 
 hatred flooded the room , as if seeping straight from lysander 's pores . 
 he pointed directly at edmond . 
 `` destroy him . '' 
 edmond looked at the finger pointed at his head ; he frowned , but did n't say a word . 
 he was already defeated , just waiting for his sentence . 
 `` he helped to save alyssa and assisted us last night , '' crystal said as she entered the room . 
 `` a night of good deeds is not worth the pardon of a millennium of evil . '' 
 anger was audible in lysander 's voice . 
 `` save your death sentences for later , lysander . 
 there are more important things to discuss , like santino and the rest of the saints , '' said drew , joining the conversation . 
 the whole clan gathered in the living room . 
 `` yes , lysander . 
 what happened in there ? '' 
 nicholas asked , sitting on the edge of his seat . 
 lysander seemed to emerge from a trance , looking shocked to see us all sitting around him . 
 `` did you kill santino ? '' 
 crystal asked . 
 lysander 's raspy voice sounded so old . 
 he was still not fully healed from his injuries , despite his appearance . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 the room filled with quiet anticipation of lysander 's explanation . 
 our worst fear was that santino had survived . 
 `` the fire forced us out of the living room , '' he said . 
 `` flames licked at our heels as we attacked one another . '' 
 he winced in pain . 
 `` i made for the stairs , hoping to avoid the burn of the flames . 
 santino followed . 
 his strength was much greater than i had expected . 
 i imagine kallisto 's blood had helped him with that extra boost . '' 
 edmond sighed loudly at the mention of kallisto . 
 he dropped his head to hide his face from view . 
 `` the flames followed us as we fought up the stairs ; we were surrounded , '' lysander continued . 
 `` everything was burning . 
 no matter where i turned , the flames trapped me . 
 at that point , i was determined to keep him in the house , so i could be sure we burned together . 
 the flames ate away at our skin . '' 
 i cringed , trying to imagine the searing pain . 
 lysander took a deep breath before speaking . 
 `` i grabbed hold of santino , determined not to let go . 
 he threw me down and attempted to break out of the back window . 
 i remember lunging forward , knocking him to the ground . 
 i held onto him , shouting that we would die together . 
 we tumbled and rolled around on the floor . 
 again , he escaped my grasp . 
 i 'm not sure exactly what happened next ; i was at the point of blacking out . 
 we must have crashed through a bedroom window and rolled off the balcony into the pool . 
 when i opened my eyes again , nicholas was fishing me out of the water . '' 
 `` so santino may still live ? '' 
 asked nicholas . 
 `` it is a possibility , although i doubt he poses any immediate threat at this time . 
 his injuries would equal mine , and i am assuming he would not have had the benefit of his children to heal him . '' 
 he smiled at us . 
 nicholas sat back into the cushions of the couch . 
 an arrogant smile was painted across his face . 
 `` yes , i believe we took care of his backup . '' 
 `` there were more than we had anticipated . 
 there were at least five that attacked us , '' added rozaline hoarsely . 
 `` that does n't include the first wave that must have taken out kallisto 's guard . 
 we cast nineteen bodies in the fire before we left , '' crystal added . 
 edmond flinched again at the sound of kallisto 's name , drawing lysander 's attention back to him . 
 `` i want him dead , '' lysander hissed . 
 `` he should have been destroyed with her coven . '' 
 `` let him live . 
 he 's earned at least that much for helping us , '' said crystal . 
 `` i agree , '' said drew . 
 `` he 's earned at least his life . '' 
 lysander thought silently about this . 
 i felt the anger inside of him . 
 he wanted to punish edmond for all the years of problems he had caused . 
 i believed that kallisto had been telling the truth when she said lysander had loved her and edmond 's presence had destroyed that love . 
 i doubted that he ever really gotten over that pain . 
 `` you do not know the problems this man has caused me over the last few centuries , '' lysander growled . 
 `` nicholas , rozaline , you two are my children . 
 you know of the pain i have endured : the secrecy , the fear . 
 what say you ? '' 
 nicholas opened his mouth to speak , but rozaline hushed him , raising her scarred hand to his lips . 
 `` we can not make this decision for you . 
 it is up to you to decide , '' she rasped . 
 `` send him away , exile him . 
 he does n't deserve death now , '' said drew . 
 `` be the better man , lysander . '' 
 `` please accept my apologies , lysander , '' said edmond quietly . 
 `` i have been a monstrous creature . 
 i have no excuse for my actions . '' 
 lysander spoke in a low monotone . 
 `` i want you dead . '' 
 edmond appeared more defeated now than he had before . 
 the house was silent . 
 no one dared say anything . 
 lysander had decided edmond 's fate , and none of us would go against him . 
 edmond stared at lysander for a moment and took a deep breath . 
 `` i 'm sorry for the suffering i 've caused . 
 perhaps i could offer you something . '' 
 `` you have nothing to offer me . '' 
 `` perhaps the knowledge of your old writings . '' 
 `` you know where they are ? '' 
 lysander perked up at the mention of his lost memoirs . 
 `` yes , '' edmond answered . 
 `` she wanted them protected , since they were all she had left of you . 
 you will find them in boston , inside of a building that was once your home . '' 
 lysander 's eyes lit up . 
 `` that information means a great deal to me . '' 
 `` it is not much , but it is all i can offer for the torment i have caused you . '' 
 lysander sat quietly for a moment . 
 `` go , edmond , '' he whispered . 
 `` leave now and never show your face to me ever again . 
 wander the earth alone and friendless as you wished me to do all those years ago . '' 
 edmond 's eyes seemed to sparkle with relief , but his face remained stoic . 
 lysander had decided to spare him . 
 `` thank you for your leniency . '' 
 edmond bowed and silently left the house . 
 `` what was he talking about ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` what could be worth so much to you ? '' 
 `` my original writings . '' 
 a smile played across lysander 's face . 
 `` i will have them once again , all the history i thought was lost by my hasty retreat from the coven . '' 
 even in my short time with lysander , i had heard him say more than once that he wished he had n't lost his original works . 
 now that he knew where they were , he would soon be reunited with them . 
 what a smart move by edmond , to use them to bargain for his life . 
 `` you will let him go ? '' 
 nicholas asked calmly . 
 `` drew is right . 
 he should live . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` he has nothing left , no family , no friends , no mistress . 
 to kill him now would put him out of his misery . 
 i want him to live with this feeling for a long time . '' 
 chapter 27 * * * * * most of the peregrinus had survived the ordeal . 
 now that the danger was over , the clan had time to mourn the loss of their two youngest members . 
 they burned all of damon and jessie 's possessions in a midnight ceremony in lysander 's backyard . 
 rozaline remained outside alone after all of the others had finished making their peace with the loss of their clan mates . 
 she appeared to be having a tough time dealing with loss . 
 her face was somber . 
 i saw a slight glistening in her eyes , as if she were trying to hold back tears . 
 `` you 're sad for damon , are n't you ? '' 
 `` yes , i will miss him . 
 he was so young and new to this life . 
 we would n't have turned him if it were n't for jessie . '' 
 `` jessie , '' i scoffed . 
 rozaline breathed a heavy sigh . 
 `` it is her death that saddens me most . '' 
 `` why mourn the loss of jessie ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` she led me right to kallisto . '' 
 `` she was my child , alyssa . 
 i brought her into this life . '' 
 i bit at my lip , not knowing how to respond . 
 `` she was n't all bad , just young and impressionable , '' rozaline continued . 
 `` i believe she was enticed by the splendor of kallisto 's coven . 
 life on the road is hard , and not everyone can handle it . '' 
 that 's no excuse for betrayal . 
 `` i would 've ripped her apart if i had the chance . '' 
 `` i understand your anger . 
 you have every right to hate her for what she did to you . '' 
 `` you 're too forgiving , rozaline , first with jessie , and then with me . '' 
 `` you have eternity , alyssa ; do n't spend it holding grudges . '' 
 i huffed , looking down at the makeshift fire pit in the rocks . 
 `` if it makes a difference to you , alyssa , she did n't go unpunished . '' 
 it occurred to me then that i had not given thought to what had happened after she was sent back here . 
 i assumed kallisto 's minions had just killed her and left her to rot on lysander 's doorstep . 
 `` she was still alive when she was left here , '' rozaline said , clearly reading my mind again . 
 `` what ? 
 then how ... who killed her ? '' 
 `` i did . '' 
 `` what ! '' 
 i gasped . 
 rozaline was too sweet , too motherly , too caring . 
 i could n't picture her killing one of her own . 
 she killed her child for me ? 
 `` lysander raged when he learned what happened . 
 it took all of the clan to hold him off as she delivered her message from kallisto . 
 he wanted to tear her limb from limb . '' 
 wow , all that for me . 
 i hid my smile . 
 warmth rose to my face . 
 `` her life was put to a vote , and it was decided that she must die . 
 it was only fitting that i be the one to do it . '' 
 she breathed a heavy sigh . 
 `` i 'm sorry you were forced to do this . '' 
 `` she was my responsibility as my child . 
 i did what had to be done . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry things ended this way . '' 
 i did n't know what else to say . 
 how do i comfort someone who had to kill her child ? 
 rozaline remained silent for a few moments , staring up into the night sky . 
 `` some are not meant for this life . 
 immortality is a precious gift . 
 but it does n't always last forever . '' 
 she did n't look at me as she turned around and slowly walked back into the house . 
 *** i spent some time alone outside on the patio , thinking about what rozaline had said . 
 i should have been dead countless times in the last month . 
 were rozaline 's words a warning to me ? 
 was i not meant for this life ? 
 i quietly pondered the events of the last month . 
 each time , i had been spared . 
 maybe i am meant for this life . 
 i had spent so much time cursing this changes in my life , never really considering the gift that i had been given . 
 time to quit fighting things . 
 i need to accept what i am . 
 maybe , unlike damon and jessie , i was meant to be a vampire . 
 the sliding glass door opened , and lysander stepped outside . 
 `` not disturbing you , am i ? '' 
 he gave me a cheerful smile . 
 the tips of his fangs poked down below his lips . 
 being a vampire was n't so bad . 
 i smiled back . 
 `` no . 
 not at all . 
 please , join me . '' 
 i patted the spot next to me on the futon mattress . 
 lysander sat down immediately , putting his arm around me . 
 `` how are you holding up ? '' 
 `` i 'm good . 
 i feel safe now . '' 
 i always feel safe in your arms . 
 `` good . '' 
 he pulled me close . 
 `` rozaline told me you went a little crazy when jessie showed up . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry i let you go out with her that night . 
 i should have protected you better . '' 
 `` no , it 's okay . 
 everything ended well , and i have you to thank for that . '' 
 `` you 're starting to sound like rozaline , now , '' he chuckled . 
 his hand moved up and down my arm , gently stroking my skin . 
 `` well , she is a smart lady . '' 
 `` hopefully you will be around as long as she 's been . '' 
 blood rushed to my face . 
 `` you are very important to me , '' he continued . 
 `` i do n't ever want to lose you . 
 you do n't know how much you mean to me . '' 
 i turned to face him , heat spreading to my face . 
 `` you have brought me happiness . 
 you 've allowed me to accept love into my life again . '' 
 `` lysander , you 're the one who has saved me . 
 all i do is get into trouble -- '' his hand rose , covering my lips . 
 `` it is because of you , and the trouble you 've brought into my life , that i am smiling today . 
 you 've given more purpose to live than i have had in centuries . 
 you are a troublemaker , the wrecking ball of my life , and i would n't have it any other way . '' 
 i smiled behind his hand and used my own to move his away . 
 `` i think we 've both wrecked one another 's ` normal lives . '' ' 
 `` then let us rebuild a new life , together . '' 
 he pulled me in close and his lips met mine . 
 `` we can concentrate on the fun parts of immortality . '' 
 i rolled over , straddling him on the futon . 
 `` i 'm ready to learn . '' 
 i said with a smile . 
 do n't miss the next installment of the immortalis series . 
 available now ! 
 immortalis : hunters & prey hunters & prey -lrb- immortalis series book 2 -rrb- becoming a vampire saved alyssa from death , but the price was high : the loss of everything and everyone attached to her mortal life . 
 she 's still learning to cope when a surprise confrontation with santino vitale , the acta sanctorum 's most fearsome hunter , sends her fleeing back to the world she once knew , and fallon , the friend she 's missed more than anything . 
 alyssa breaks vampire law by revealing her new , true self to her old friend , a fact which causes strong division in the group that should support her most : her clan . 
 sample chapter hot blood coursed through my veins as i gulped down the gushing fountain of my victim 's neck . 
 he wo n't be hurting women anymore . 
 i thought to myself as i swallowed each hot mouthful of blood . 
 how quickly the hunter becomes the prey . 
 using the power of my mind , i sent him feelings : waves of pain and grief for the murder he had committed . 
 the human mind was easy to control , and i called upon all the skill i possessed to make him suffer . 
 murderers and those who dealt in crime and abuse were my prey . 
 it was because of them , those vile individuals , that i was a vampire . 
 memories of my own near-death experience and echoes of past wounds fueled me . 
 as a vampire , i had power , the power to stop bad people from doing awful , evil things . 
 fate has a way of working things out , and it gave my bloodlust a purpose . 
 if i was to be this creature , i would ensure that my feeding stopped the unnecessary deaths of innocents . 
 i drained him slowly and painfully , savoring the honey-sweet elixir of his blood . 
 keeping him alert enough to feel every draw against his neck , i gnawed at the wound with my sharp teeth and dug my nails into his flesh . 
 i wanted him to feel everything . 
 i would n't let him go unconscious . 
 he needed to know and understand the torment he had inflicted on others . 
 i only wished i had found him , sooner before he ended the life of the poor woman lying at our feet . 
 the fearful look in her dead eyes was a painful reminder of the men who had attacked me . 
 this man would pay with his dying breath . 
 my victim moaned pitifully . 
 he beat against my back , struggling to free himself . 
 i tightened my grip , locking his body in my deadly embrace . 
 he was going nowhere . 
 the heat from his blood coursed through my veins , strengthening me , warming me , giving me his life-energy . 
 i savored this feeling : the tingling rush , the ecstasy , that filled my being . 
 just as the wave of pleasure crested , his heart slowed to an erratic thump , and the gushing fountain became a trickle . 
 i knew he would n't last much longer . 
 his blood pressure was dropping . 
 i lifted my head and gazed into his fear-filled eyes . 
 `` it 's no fun when you 're on the receiving end , is it ? '' 
 i smiled at him , licking the last few drops of his blood from my fangs . 
 my head swam with energy -- his energy . 
 i felt powerful , strong , and just . 
 the wretched man was like putty -- just a lump of mush -- in my hands . 
 weakly , he exhaled a final dying breath . 
 the light of life in his eyes extinguished . 
 his head lolled and then flopped backward . 
 i listened carefully . 
 his heart thumped once , twice , and then ... nothing . 
 i bit my tongue and swirled a mix of my saliva and blood across the wound on his neck , ensuring it would close . 
 the evidence of my feeding would be gone by the time anyone found him . 
 a strange prickling sensation tickled the back of my neck . 
 the hair on my arms stood straight on end . 
 i had come to know this unmistakable feeling quite well since i 'd been turned . 
 another vampire was close . 
 i dropped my victim unceremoniously on top of the woman he 'd just killed and turned around to scan the area . 
 though the street was dark , my vampire eyes had no problem spotting another pair of pale eyes staring back at me from the shadows . 
 a footstep broke the silence . 
 still young , i 'd had limited dealings with other vampires . 
 not all were friendly . 
 i hoped the one watching me would be . 
 `` i know you 're out there , '' i called to the darkness . 
 `` show yourself . '' 
 raspy laughter crawled out of the shadow . 
 `` are you sure you want me to do that , alyssa ? '' 
 in the space of a second , realization hit me . 
 my eyes went wide and my heart slammed into my chest . 
 oh shit . 
 santino ! 
 another footstep echoed around me as he moved into the light . 
 a trademark of the vampire kind , his blue-gray eyes seemed to glow as he looked at me . 
 a wild mane of salt-and-pepper hair jutted out in all directions on top of his head . 
 deep-creased wrinkles and scars covered an aged face that had seen many battles . 
 his lips pulled back into a predatory smile , revealing a perfect set of sharp white fangs . 
 i was running before i could even comprehend the thought of it . 
 i needed to get away . 
 fast . 
 *** as the sun began its ascent into the sky , i settled down , safely at home , preparing for sleep . 
 but it would n't come peacefully . 
 somewhere , trapped between the dreaming and waking world , i felt his presence . 
 the cold , prickling sensation . 
 it crawled up my spine and raised the hairs on the back of my neck . 
 not again . 
 i tried desperately to rouse myself . 
 i knew what would come next . 
 as if on cue , those cold , emotionless , blue-gray eyes appeared above me . 
 they locked on me with contempt . 
 santino . 
 i 'd dreamt of him for weeks after our last battle . 
 i thought i had finally escaped the daymares that had haunted me , but now they were back . 
 i knew every scar on that fearsome face , though i wished i did n't . 
 i 'd met him only once before , and against the odds , i 'd lived to talk about it . 
 that was something only a handful could claim . 
 santino was not one to leave anyone alive once he 'd set his sights on them . 
 i willed myself to wake . 
 but , just as before , the dream continued . 
 his piecing gaze bore into my skull . 
 i was motionless ; my body barely held the strength to gasp for air . 
 laid out like an offering , i was an easy target , ready to be slaughtered . 
 if i could have screamed i would have , but i was mute , destined to see the events unfold as they had when i had lived through them . 
 santino 's mouth formed a sinister smile . 
 the tips of his fangs poked out from behind his lips , but i knew it was not his teeth i should fear . 
 stuck again in this nightmare , i tried in vain to will myself awake . 
 paralysis had me frozen in place , helpless . 
 slowly , he reached out , grabbing my head , balling up a fistful of my hair . 
 strands snapped under his grip , pinching and pulling away from my scalp . 
 i needed to break free from his grasp . 
 i needed to somehow get out of this dream . 
 fear gripped me . 
 he rocked my head from one side to the other , inspecting me . 
 would this finally be the time ? 
 would he finally kill me ? 
 his eyes focused on my neck . 
 wake up , damn it ! 
 `` not going to be much of a fight , are you ? '' 
 he said , pulling out his knife -- a large thick blade with jagged edges . 
 blood from his last kill still coated it . 
 he made the sign of the cross and mumbled a prayer under his breath . 
 i willed my muscles to listen . 
 move , i yelled in my head . 
 move , damn it . 
 wake up ! 
 my heart beat wildly , thundering in my ears as santino 's eyes opened and focused on me once more . 
 disgust flashed across his face , as if i were a mangy animal and it was beneath him to have to put me down . 
 his lips again formed that sinister sneer . 
 i shuddered . 
 his gaze was like ice , sending a shiver slithering down my spine to the churning pit of my stomach . 
 he exhaled a growling breath that echoed in the room as he placed the cold , heavy blade to my neck . 
 *** no ! 
 i awoke with a start , shooting upright in bed . 
 my heart pounded , and my chest heaved with each sharp breath . 
 disorientation fogged my vision . 
 i struggled to compose myself and come back into reality . 
 it 's over , he 's gone . 
 if this had been merely a bad dream , the sight of my room and lysander sleeping next to me would have been immediate comforts , but this was n't just a dream . 
 those events were real . 
 re-living my first run in with santino seemed to be my curse . 
 the memories haunted me , playing out every detail of that bloody night , ending just before santino attempted to finish me off . 
 he 'd nearly destroyed my entire clan that night . 
 i shuddered at the thought of him . 
 santino was well known as the acta sanctorum 's best hunter -- a vampire who made a career of killing his own kind . 
 he and his team of hunters had tracked down and destroyed the largest coven of vampires known to exist . 
 he killed their leader , kallisto , right before my eyes . 
 i was supposed to have been next on his hit list . 
 if it had n't been for lysander and the aid of our friends in the peregrinus clan , i would have died . 
 i was lucky to have gotten away , and lysander had almost paid for my escape with his life . 
 everyone assumed santino either dead or too weak after that battle to continue his hunt . 
 deep down , i felt differently . 
 the entire immortalis series can be purchased in individual books or on one complete boxed set . 
 other titles by katie salidas the chronicles of the uprising trilogy this trilogy can be purchased in individual books or on one complete boxed set . 
 dissension - the great cataclysm wiped almost all life from the face of planet earth , but tiny pockets of survivors crawled from the ashes , with only one thought : survival , at any cost . 
 but not all survivors were human . 
 in the dark , militant society that has risen in the aftermath , vampires , once thought to be mythical , have been assimilated and enslaved . 
 used for blood sport their lives are allowed to continue only for the entertainment of the masses . 
 reviled as savages , they are destined to serve out their immortal lives in the arena , as gladiators . 
 and there is no greater gladiator than mira : undefeated , uncompromising ... and seemingly unbreakable . 
 when an escape attempt leads mira into the path of lucian stavros , the city 's regent , her destiny is changed forever . 
 lucian , raised in a culture which both reviles and celebrates the savagery and inhumanity of vampires , finds mira as intriguing as she is brash . 
 an impulsive decision - to become mira 's patron -- changes more than just lucian 's perception about vampire kind . 
 the course of his life is altered in ways he could never have predicted -- a life that is suddenly as expendable as hers . 
 can mira prove to lucian that all is not as it seems ? 
 can lucian escape centuries of lies , bloodshed , and propaganda to see the truth ? 
 or will the supreme power of the human overlords destroy them both ? 
 complication - narrowly escaping death at the hands of the magistrate , mira travels west , toward the coast . 
 with three weakened human fugitives accompanying her , she searches for the mythical land of sanctuary . 
 after encountering a pack of wolf shifters , headed by the charismatic -- and brazen -- stryker , mira learns that sanctuary is real after all . 
 caldera grove : home of the otherkin . 
 hidden in the mouth of a dormant volcano , it has protected its residents from humans since the early days following the great cataclysm . 
 for mira -- a vampire -- caldera grove is a land of peace ; an escape from the relentless persecution of the humans who once enslaved her , and an end to the daily struggle and bloodshed of being a gladiator . 
 for the humans accompanying her , caldera grove means death . 
 humans , greedy and untrustworthy creatures , are destroyed before they can penetrate its borders . 
 to plead her case for entry into caldera , mira must abandon her companions , albeit temporarily , and follow stryker into the heart of the city . 
 what she finds within caldera grove presents her with an unenviable decision between her own desires for freedom and peace , or honor and the human companions who risked it all for her . 
 revolution - peace is an illusion . 
 blood , violence , and death follow mira like shadows . 
 battle lines have been drawn between human and otherkin , and a bloody war is on the horizon : one that will end in either a shift in the world 's balance of power ... or ultimate destruction . 
 in spite of their strength , powers , and a rage known only by the oppressed , the otherkin are evenly matched by the superior numbers of the human army . 
 to tip the balance in their favor , the otherkin need more soldiers -- and their only options are the gladiators of new haven city . 
 mira is sent across enemy lines to recruit any able-bodied vampires to her cause . 
 but what she discovers along the way will blur the lines between friends and enemies . 
 seeds of doubt weaken mira 's allegiance , and she finds herself torn between the old masters who used her as entertainment and the new ones who consider her as nothing more than a weapon . 
 as the war draws near , mira will have to decide what she is truly fighting for . 
 about the author las vegas native , katie salidas is a jill of all trades . 
 mother to three , wife to one , and slave to the craft of writing , she tries to do it all , often causing sleep deprivation and many nights passed out at the computer . 
 author of the immortalis series , chronicles of the uprising , and various other paranormal works ; writing is her passion , and she hopes that her passion will bring you hours of entertainment . 
 find katie salidas online at : katiesalidas@gmail.com http://www.katiesalidas.com/ facebook http://www.facebook.com/pages/katie-salidas-author/214780936916 linkedin http://www.linkedin.com/profile?viewprofile=&key=58814031&trk=tab_pro twitter http://twitter.com/quixotickatie 
