 *** ~ ~ ~ *** when gods fail by nelson lowhim copyright 2012 nelson lowhim * table of contents : chapter 2 chapter 3 chapter 4 chapter 5 * this is a work of fiction . 
 all characters appearing in this work are fictitious . 
 any resemblance to real people , living or dead or otherwise , is purely coincidental . 
 *** ~ ~ ~ *** i 'd been stuck in the cave for weeks . 
 months perhaps . 
 was n't my fault . 
 i planned to spend a little more than a week in these caves , south of portland , exploring new routes . 
 then the earthquakes hit . 
 stalactites fell from the ceiling above me . 
 one crushed my watch as i protected my head with my hands . 
 then the slide started . 
 i thought of running back up the route i 'd just come down , but dirt and rocks filled my route up faster than i could think , and i watched as my only way out was blocked . 
 i screamed , prayed to be saved , but after a few hours i knew it was up to me to get out . 
 rationing out my food , i thanked the lord that there was a running creek where i was trapped , and started to dig my way out . 
 i thought about what carol would say if she found out what happened . 
 she 'd probably ban my hobby . 
 she never did like it . 
 i could n't blame her . 
 after a few days , when the cup i 'd been using to scoop dirt broke , i resorted to using my fingers . 
 i dug until my forearms knotted up and my fingers could n't move . 
 my fingernails loosened . 
 failure seemed so close . 
 food was running low when i finally felt the dirt and rocks give way . 
 i punched through to the other side and widened the hole . 
 i came out in the mouth of the cave . 
 it was a room-sized , ball-shaped hall that led up to the cave 's entrance on the side of a hill . 
 i expected carol to be waiting for me . 
 after all , i was late , by several weeks , and she usually overreacted to everything . 
 but there was no one . 
 i did n't think much of it , until i climbed out of the entrance . 
 at this point my stomach grumbled for food , and i felt weak . 
 i looked forward to eating the energy bars on the dashboard of my car . 
 that 's why when i saw that all the trees were gone -- nothing but a few stumps and a coat of ashes -- i could n't comprehend what lay before me . 
 my guts twisted into a knot . 
 i looked to where my car should have been parked , but there was nothing . 
 i doubled checked the cave entrance . 
 it was the right one . 
 no doubt about that . 
 the slope of the hill that tongued out of the cave entrance was the same shape and angle as i remembered . 
 the outline of the hills and mountains around me also seemed right , except there was n't a tree to be seen -- though who really memorizes such things ? 
 a forest fire ? 
 certainly conditions had been getting drier recently . 
 that meant an accidental spark could have set this all off . 
 how sad that such a magnificent forest had been destroyed . 
 i shook my head . 
 carol might not be able to get out here , the place could be closed down , or worse yet , she could be mourning my death . 
 on my map , i made out the nearest town . 
 i could make it there before nightfall and hopefully find a phone to call carol . 
 i thought of how she rested her head on my chest , how it hurt to see her cry . 
 i shuddered . 
 i walked for what seemed to be hours . 
 i could n't tell where the sun was because of a thick coating of clouds , but it seemed to be midday when i started . 
 nevertheless , as i walked through the ashes i noticed there was no burned wood smell . 
 there really was n't a smell , just clean air . 
 no insects either . 
 and , though i was certain it could n't have been past august at the latest , it was bone-chattering cold . 
 you would think that having been in a damp cave would have prepared me , but i was shivering by the time i saw the shipping container . 
 it was located in an odd place , but i welcomed the sign of humanity . 
 i prayed that there was someone here , because i did n't have the energy for another push over the small hill behind the container . 
 i regretted leaving the cool waters of the cave . 
 never imagined i would want to go back there . 
 i leaned on the container catching my breath . 
 i jerked back when i heard a voice . 
 it was distant , as if the container had a belly somewhere beneath the ground . 
 i rubbed my skin . 
 it felt as if it had been burned in a full day of sun at the beach . 
 i looked up , no way ; it was dark and cold . 
 the voice tickled my ears again . 
 it growled one more time . 
 i heard the distinctive fricatives and vowels of a man . 
 i examined the shipping container . 
 the door to the container was not locked , so i considered walking in . 
 perhaps not . 
 i was n't certain of my precise location , but i was surely in rural oregon . 
 which meant i could be infringing on someone 's property without knowing it . 
 whatever had happened , however big the forest fire was , the people here probably would n't take too kindly to city folk . 
 i would have to be nice and polite . 
 i knocked . 
 the voice stopped . 
 i waited , but nothing moved . 
 i knocked again , this time louder . 
 there was some movement , steps and the door moved slightly . 
 my heart started to beat faster ; it would be good to see another human . 
 `` hey , shit head . '' 
 i looked up and saw a man with a shotgun pointed at me . 
 he was large , held the shotgun with one hand , and looked like he could fire it stiff-armed . 
 his face was covered with an uneven bristle of dark brown hair , and his skin , though young , sagged with the signs of a man recently emaciated . 
 `` uhhh , hi , '' i said and raised my hands . 
 `` do n't mean to be trespassing on your property , sir , but do you have a phone or some food and water -- '' his face broke into a sneer . 
 `` i did n't mean to come here , on your property . 
 i did n't see any signs , and i have n't eaten for days . 
 so i. . . '' 
 i stopped . 
 his face contorted into a half smile . 
 i thought that perhaps i should have introduced myself . 
 if i just got the chance to call carol , my wife , i could get out of here . 
 but i needed to get to a phone . 
 `` i 'm tom , i. . . '' 
 he squinted at me , seemed to be looking over my body for something . 
 between his hard looks , i could sense a kind of kindness , kinship . 
 the man took another moment to stare at me , then jerked and looked all around him , as if he were expecting a horde to come at him . 
 in fact he looked around for so long , his eyes piercing every rock in the distance , that i was certain he was scared for his life . 
 then i thought that they must have been moonshine men , or worse , meth cookers . 
 that would explain why he was so jittery . 
 and if that was the truth i was in trouble . 
 i got light-headed . 
 was this going to end well ? 
 `` please , '' i said , exasperated that he was just staring at me like an animal . 
 he seemed to sense my inner plea . 
 `` bill , '' he said and nodded his head , `` pleased to meet you . '' 
 he placed the shotgun beside him and reached out his hand . 
 i shook it . 
 `` tom . 
 pleased to meet you . 
 once again i 'm sorry about trespassing on ... '' `` you really are n't kiddin ' are you ? '' 
 he asked with an odd expression on his face . 
 i looked at him . 
 `` about the trespassing ? '' 
 he seemed nice , or at least willing to help . 
 `` there is no trespassing nowadays . '' 
 he stopped to look at the horizon . 
 `` maybe territories , but who knows ? '' 
 `` like gangs ? '' 
 i asked . 
 with meth raging the countryside it made sense . 
 he laughed at my insinuation . 
 `` yeah , like gangs , '' he said . 
 `` do you have a phone , some food , maybe water ? 
 really , i have n't eaten all that much for ages . '' 
 again he gave me that look . 
 `` no one has . 
 you really are n't kidding about the phone are you ? '' 
 i could n't see his point . 
 perhaps he was poor . 
 if he did n't have a phone what was i to do ? 
 `` you do n't have a phone ? 
 because if it 's money i 'll give my wife a call , and we 'll reimburse you . 
 really , i need ... '' he raised his hand to indicate that he did n't want to hear anymore . 
 `` where does your wife live ? '' 
 `` portland , she can be here in an hour and we 'll give you some money . '' 
 i stopped because he was shaking his head , not at me but at something else that seemed to be tearing through his mind . 
 `` you certain this is n't a joke ? '' 
 he asked , staring at my eyes like i would reveal something to him . 
 i glanced at him , some anger boiling up . 
 `` am i kidding ? 
 are you ? '' 
 i tried to tone my voice down , but something inside me wanted to scream . 
 i took a deep breath and took my eyes off him . 
 another look at the shipping container , and i noticed that all the paint had flaked off and settled on the ground . 
 it must have been old . 
 what was he doing living here ? 
 meth might not have been the answer , though perhaps the chemicals did this to the container . 
 `` where have you been the last few months , buddy ? '' 
 he said . 
 i hesitated , perhaps he would hate a hiker , but i 'd no choice . 
 `` i was spelunking and man ... some earthquakes started to shake up the ground , and would n't you know it but i got trapped . '' 
 i shook my head , and could see bill shaking his too . 
 then he started to laugh . 
 `` so you 've been under a rock huh ? '' 
 he shook his head in amazement , leaned his head back , and roared out a laugh . 
 `` yeah , '' i said and smiled politely . 
 `` luckily , i 'd enough food to ration while i dug myself out , but i ran out a few days ago . 
 i got out and i walked until i got here . 
 i guess there was a forest fire here ? 
 how 'd it start ? '' 
 `` you really are n't kidding , '' he said and laughed again . 
 at this point , i realized that i could smell him . 
 body odor , shit , old food . 
 smelled him very well . 
 i also remembered that i had n't been able to smell anything else . 
 as if the air was a vacuum ; no smell of ashes -- which is what i should have smelled after a forest fire -- just pure air . 
 i looked around again and thought that it was odd that not a single plane in the sky had come over in a while . 
 my eyes rested back on bill . 
 he looked at me with concern . 
 `` you better come in buddy , you 're not going to like what i tell you , '' he said and reached out his hand . 
 i was n't certain if i should go with him . 
 `` i can use your phone ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` sorry bud , there are no phones . 
 well , ones that work at least . '' 
 he spoke with such a mournful voice that i felt bad for assuming he had one . 
 perhaps i was being too cocky . 
 `` sorry , i did n't mean any offense . 
 then some food perhaps , and you can tell me where to get to a payphone ? '' 
 `` do n't know about the food , but ... you do n't get it do you ? '' 
 he said . 
 i did n't like this . 
 `` no , i do n't get it . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` there are no phones anywhere . 
 phones need a network to work ; there are no more networks . 
 get it ? '' 
 `` the networks ? 
 the cell phones ? '' 
 `` cell towers , satellites , land lines . 
 all . 
 gone . 
 got it ? '' 
 `` you mean in the area , from the fire ? '' 
 `` bud , that was no fire . 
 those were n't earthquakes you felt , '' he said and raised his eyebrows emphatically . 
 `` no fire , '' i said . 
 perhaps i had come out the wrong hole , mistaken it for the place i had entered and come out near the desert area of oregon . 
 perhaps that was what he meant . 
 no , i had seen some burned stumps . 
 i raised my hands , exasperated . 
 `` okay i give up , what do you mean ? '' 
 `` war , bud . 
 they , we , everyone went to war . 
 your wife , if she was in portland , she 's probably dead . 
 all cities got nailed . 
 not that it mattered ; every square inch of land on the planet was covered . 
 the radiation fallout killed anyone who was left . 
 well most anyone , '' he looked back out over the land . 
 i felt everything spinning , and wondered if the hunger was finally getting to me . 
 no way was i going to pass out to some stupid prank , but some part of my brain swallowed the story whole . 
 the smell , the silence , in a part of oregon that was never this quiet , all added up . 
 i 'd seen other forest fires before , and the beautiful thing about those was plants would start growing immediately after . 
 there was nothing here , not a green weed to be seen , or an animal or insect alive . 
 my heart dropped . 
 oh carol . 
 i started to dry heave . 
 `` no bud . '' 
 bill 's eyes softened up . 
 `` you 're alive , be thank ... '' he seemed to choose his words , actions again . 
 `` come . '' 
 he grabbed my collar and hoisted me up . 
 he was strong . 
 `` besides you 've been exposed enough . '' 
 he led me down the trap door . 
 `` exposed ? '' 
 `` do n't you feel your skin ? '' 
 `` the burning , '' i said and touched my red skin . 
 then i remembered carol touching me next to the fireplace , the heat from her skin , her sex . 
 no , a nuclear war could n't be real . 
 too many stops were in place to prevent it from happening . 
 right ? 
 this was a joke , and i 'd get to the phone soon . 
 do n't be a sucker . 
 `` yeah , radiation . 
 it 's gotten better , used to be you could n't come out here without a suit . 
 but best not to stay out too long , '' he said . 
 `` though you made it so far . '' 
 i entered the container and realized it was a bar . 
 across from me stood a man who oiled a gun . 
 he looked up with a sneer on his face . 
 he was like a rat-faced , skinny version of bill . 
 he seemed much meaner . 
 `` who the hell is that ? '' 
 he said . 
 everything was still hazy ; plus down here , away from the pure air of outside i was having problems absorbing all the smells . 
 for certain there was bill 's unique body odor and liquor , but there was also burning flesh . 
 i double-checked my skin to make certain that it was n't me . 
 i could n't tell . 
 there was something insidious about the smell . 
 `` i 'm tom . 
 pleased to meet you . '' 
 the man did n't look at my hand . 
 instead , he sneered at bill . 
 i put out my hand . 
 `` where 'd you find this faggot ? '' 
 i took a deep breath . 
 not exactly a homophobe , but i understood the implications of his words . 
 i was a skinny guy with a meek posture . 
 he would n't respect me unless i said something . 
 `` who you calling a faggot ? '' 
 i said . 
 he cocked his head , and as quick as lightning , he bounded across the cramped room and pushed a knife to my neck . 
 `` i 'm callin ' you a faggot , faggot . 
 you got a problem with that ? '' 
 the knife was sharp and pushed dangerously into my jugular . 
 one slip and i would open up to the floor , smile with my neck . 
 and yet i still could n't feel my heart race ; it was steady . 
 as if the news of the nukes was still combatting my hope and taking up too much of my energy for me to worry about a knife . 
 under the red light , i could see scars all over the man 's face . 
 `` are you fucking kidding me ? '' 
 i said , and was surprised that not a tremor showed in my voice . 
 this friend of bill 's had cold eyes . 
 but as soon as i spoke he cocked his head back and stepped back , removing the knife from my neck . 
 he still held it pointed at me . 
 `` leave him be paul . 
 he 's cool , '' bill said . 
 he rifled through a closet . 
 `` besides , he does n't even know what 's happened the past few months . 
 tell him , tell him where you 've been . '' 
 i told him the story . 
 paul tilted his head backwards and laughed . 
 `` under a rock huh ? 
 `` he looked at me with a little more respect , some warmth returned to his eyes . 
 `` lucky you , you missed some horrible shit , '' he shook his head . 
 `` he 's looking for his wife ... she was in portland . '' 
 `` oh ... '' paul gave me a look of pity . 
 `` sorry bud , she 's probably ... the city 's gone . '' 
 could this have been a joke ? 
 i hoped so , but why else would they live in such a dilapidated place ? 
 was n't anything to hunt here . 
 again my mind started to walk without my permission . 
 a nuclear war . 
 the forest fire . 
 the air too pure to be real . 
 no smells out there . 
 no life anywhere . 
 it was too much evidence , but i prayed for another explanation . 
 these two men were involved in some practical joke . 
 and yet something about their body language -- how there was no hesitation , how there was real sympathy -- pulled on my intestines and i felt nauseous . 
 `` are you serious ? 
 this is n't a joke ? '' 
 i said . 
 they glanced at each other , again with a look of collaborative knowledge . 
 `` come on man , if it is a prank just tell me . 
 i do n't wan na be rude , but i was hoping to see my wife soon , '' i said again . 
 my voice cracked . 
 the mention of my wife seemed to sadden them again . 
 `` he 's not gon na believe us until we show some proof . 
 i know i would n't believe someone unless i saw it with my own eyes , '' paul said and gestured to bill to open a case of ammunition . 
 bill slowly meandered over to the case and opened the hinged lock . 
 he pulled out a handful of newspaper clippings . 
 `` we 're not joking bud . 
 this is all that 's left of the world , '' bill thrust the clippings over to me . 
 i took them , some were old and yellow , others were a little newer . 
 the first papers were that flimsy newspaper paper , and with the accompanying ads i was sure they could n't have created these with a normal printer . 
 though these days who really knew ? 
 somewhere in the back of my conscious the realization that this was real hit me , and a lump formed in my throat . 
 i flipped through a couple of them , read something about climate turning for the worse , major food shortages , famine , droughts , followed by floods that ripped off topsoil -- a hopeless cycle . 
 like the news from when i went spelunking . 
 this , however , was on a larger scale . 
 was there a tipping point where everything went out of control ? 
 then something else about forest fires spreading . 
 then there were more clips about international summits breaking down . 
 china and us blame each other for not doing enough about resource distribution . 
 typical i thought , part of the reason i was taking a break from the city , life was getting too stressful . 
 then the last one : dirty bomb goes off in shanghai . 
 china blames us , us blames terrorists . 
 then miami hit by another dirty bomb . 
 then nothing else . 
 i looked up . 
 the ceiling looked like was going to cave in , and i sat down on the ground . 
 the article was printed on normal paper ; random blogs , that could 've been written by anyone . 
 bill shuffled around and came with a bottle of water and a piece of packaging . 
 `` here bud , drink and eat , '' he said . 
 `` no , '' i said and shook my head . 
 i could n't handle not knowing the entire story . 
 `` tell me bill , tell me what happened ? '' 
 i felt a few tears trickle down my cheek , though i reminded myself that i had to stay strong . 
 i had to find carol . 
 `` carol . '' 
 i shook my head , when i wanted to rip it out and end the hollow emaciation of my being . 
 a numb feeling followed . 
 `` you sure we can afford the food ? '' 
 paul mumbled , but seemed to quiet down when bill shot him a look . 
 `` eat up bud , '' bill said and tore open the package . 
 i grabbed the spoon he handed me . 
 i drank the water in a gulp . 
 `` fuck , we ai n't got much water left , '' paul said , giving me a deadly look . 
 bill ignored him . 
 `` well , that was the last major story . 
 then all rumors . 
 well ... '' he hesitated . 
 `` that last day no one was certain what would happen . 
 everyone was certain that the last nuke had been launched and people would resort to talking , you know ? 
 within a few hours the world was dark . 
 that 's what we do know . 
 we 've tried to contact some city that might have survived this , but no luck . 
 the first few weeks you could n't go outside without dying of exposure . 
 even with a radiation suit . 
 we lost quite a few people that way . 
 my mother , she had to go see the world , did n't want to stay here . 
 found her a week back . 
 suit burned , skin peeled off , eyes burned . 
 buried her . '' 
 bill stopped and looked at me . 
 a vein in his forehead throbbed . 
 `` portland is gone bud . 
 your wife probably ... '' `` well how do you know that portland 's done ? 
 i mean there are no networks ; maybe it 's just that the whole world 's cut off from each other and no one knows about the other , right ? 
 i mean have you guys left this area ? '' 
 i stopped as they both remained silent , exchanged glares with each other . 
 suddenly , i felt unwelcome . 
 my words died ; i finished my food and water , and stared into the red light that provided the illumination for the room . 
 `` electricity ? 
 how do you get it if there is no grid , right ? '' 
 i was now looking for something , something to show these men that their pessimism was misguided . 
 there could n't be nothing else out there . 
 there just could n't . 
 seven billion people at my last count . 
 so what if there had been a nuclear war ? 
 that still left a lot of survivors . 
 a lot of places that would n't be hit by a nuke . 
 there had to be . 
 i looked at them both , hoping that with all the gray matter in the room we would figure this out . 
 i was a computer nerd . 
 loved programming . 
 thought if you put enough brains behind any problem you could find a solution . 
 innovation was the saving grace of humans . 
 made us more than a bunch of chimps with tools . 
 we were created and thus could create . 
 i searched each of their faces for a sign of what i was going for . 
 they seemed saddened by my line of questioning . 
 `` we have solar panels and mechanically rechargeable batteries . 
 that 's all . 
 ai n't no grid , '' said paul . 
 no grid . 
 the words hit me . 
 again i felt weak , alone , floating in a sea of nothing . 
 like when i was a child and my father gave me a pea to represent the earth then walked me many blocks to tell me where the sun was , and then told me we could n't even walk to the first star -- i cried then and almost cried now . 
 `` then could n't we hook the battery to a satellite phone or radio frequency and keep trying to reach some people ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` listen , '' he said and jerked his finger towards me , his other hand still holding the knife . 
 `` you 're lucky i did n't finish you off . 
 the last thing we need is another mouth to feed . 
 you better learn to earn your keep around here , and it sure as hell ai n't gon na be done with smart ass questions . 
 you think we have n't thought of all that ? 
 you think we 're a buncha dumb rednecks ? 
 dontcha ? '' 
 he raised his knife . 
 `` you better learn . '' 
 he looked at bill , walked behind the bar , lifted up a trap door in the floor , and stepped down into it . 
 now that i could see how easily he flared up , i wondered how i could tip toe around him . 
 if i was allowed to stay . 
 his last comment hit me . 
 i could n't expect the same things as when i was back in portland . 
 i was in their house . 
 i would have to listen to them . 
 and i had to earn their respect . 
 show them i was worth something . 
 but what the fuck would a computer programmer be worth out here ? 
 i looked at bill , hoping for some sympathy . 
 maybe i should mention my wife , but it seemed that the time for pity was over . 
 bill was staring at me with a stern aggression that i did not like . 
 `` you guys low on water ? '' 
 `` yeah , not much left . 
 we have a machine that purifies our urine , but it gets less and less each time . 
 besides , '' he said and licked his lips , troubling me again . 
 the others , what happened to all the others ? 
 `` besides what ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` besides , i 'm just sick and tired of tasting piss , you can taste it ... once you notice it there 's no going back . '' 
 `` the cave i was in , there was plenty of water . 
 clean too , i 'm sure . 
 i was drinking it for too long for it to be contaminated . '' 
 bill 's demeanor changed . 
 he smiled once . 
 `` nice , that 's just what we need . 
 i 'll tell paul , '' and without any more words he walked down the small trap door . 
 something about his smile was off , but i reminded myself that there were bigger issues at hand . 
 i tried to sleep , but all i could think of was my wife , her pretty lips , and how much i missed being in her arms , her belly slowly swelling in those weeks before my spelunking trip . 
 i loved everything about her ; she was the greatest thing that ever happened to me . 
 my chest shrank . 
 i should n't have gone on that trip alone . 
 i could 've picked a pastime that even she would 've liked . 
 i could have been with her . 
 i stared at the red light hanging from the ceiling . 
 this was real . 
 everything i had seen : the burned landscape , no one around , not even a plane in the sky . 
 this was real . 
 the thought of all those people and all those dreams gone , evaporated , filled me with a dread . 
 it started in my extremities , spread to my heart , rushed to my head and paralyzed me . 
 i wished i could have seen all those people just one more time . 
 seen carol instead of trying to get away for another trip to be alone . 
 i sat there thinking about carol . 
 her touch . 
 her laugh . 
 i would have to go back to our house and see if carol was dead . 
 even a shadow on a wall , like the ones in hiroshima , would help . 
 i picked up the newspapers that lay before me . 
 all alone ; billions dead . 
 tears should have been forming , but they did n't . 
 inside , a piece of me was glad that i had gone into a cave . 
 survived . 
 i ground my teeth and got angry with myself for ever thinking that . 
 but perhaps in this new world things would be better . 
 now , people would be forced to rely on one another . 
 they would care for each other . 
 that would make it a better place . 
 bill and paul had taken me in like good samaritans and given me a place to sleep . 
 in the old world i would have just been kicked off their property . 
 perhaps this was god 's way of performing another great flood . 
 it had to be . 
 i squeezed my eyes shut , exhaustion finally taking over me . 
 carol 's image floated up to me and as i tried to paw at her , take off her clothes and penetrate her , a loud rumbling sound shook me . 
 `` hey , wake up . '' 
 i opened my eyes to see bill with a shotgun . 
 at least it was n't pointed at me . 
 `` what time is it ? 
 how long did i sleep ? '' 
 the room around me was the same ; my heart filled with dread as i remembered that the end of the world was still a fact . 
 `` a couple hours . 
 we figured it would be good to let you gather some strength . '' 
 he looked over to where paul was standing . 
 i rubbed my eyes . 
 something was different ; i could feel the wake of being talked about echoing through my ears . 
 paul 's eyes were n't angry ; they were cold . 
 i glanced at bill 's eyes and his seemed to have the same demeanor . 
 however , they darted off me , and focused on his feet . 
 `` get ready , you 're gon na show us where the water is , '' paul said , his voice wavering between hard and kind . 
 `` sure , '' i mumbled , stood up , and adjusted my belt . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 `` you first , '' bill said and pointed up the door . 
 when we got out it was darker . 
 the sky looked a color i had never seen before . 
 `` nuclear winter , eh ? 
 i had always had faith that mankind would never come to this . 
 that cooler heads would prevail , '' i said and looked at bill and paul . 
 they did n't seem interested . 
 `` no talking , just move , '' paul muttered . 
 bill shook his head . 
 both of them pulled out a couple of reined sleds with empty containers strapped on them . 
 `` you mind doing some work ? '' 
 bill handed me the reins . 
 i took his sled . 
 it was n't as easy as i thought it would be . 
 within ten steps i was tired . 
 `` this is tough . '' 
 i cracked a grin , feeling peeved that i would act so weak . 
 neither of them smiled . 
 paul only scowled some more . 
 `` you 're lucky we do n't hitch both of them on ya , '' paul said and spat in my direction . 
 i wanted to say something smart , but alarms were going off in my head . 
 perhaps i 'd offended his sensibilities earlier . 
 if so , now was the time to make amends . 
 i stared in front of me and kept marching . 
 it took a few hours to reach the cave . 
 i was exhausted . 
 when bill had said we would switch , he meant i would have one sled at all times . 
 i had yet to earn my keep , i reminded myself . 
 these were , after all , men who had been tested in the aftermath of a nuclear war . 
 of course they wanted to see how much i could handle . 
 they got to rest . 
 i was going to say something , but paul 's look told me to shut up . 
 we trudged up the side of the cave entrance . 
 `` here she is , my humble abode , '' i said and pointed at the cave 's small entrance . 
 `` the water is down there . '' 
 `` show us , '' paul said . 
 i led them down to the small hole i 'd dug to get out of the cave . 
 `` down there ? '' 
 paul asked . 
 `` yeah sure , listen . '' 
 i cocked my head . 
 they fell silent . 
 the sound of running water filled the air . 
 they smiled . 
 i tried to smile at bill , but he stared at the ground . 
 `` can we make that hole bigger ? '' 
 asked paul . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` but i can slide through ; you two pass me the smallest containers and i can fill them . '' 
 before they could say anything , i grabbed a flashlight and slid through . 
 on the other end i waited . 
 they pushed through a couple containers . 
 i scooped water and handed it back to them . 
 all the while i could hear them both talking . 
 bill sounded whiney while paul talked in short hisses . 
 they probably had n't seen this much water since the nuclear war . 
 i slid out and as i pulled out my torso , wiggling like a worm , i looked up to see bill , solemn-faced . 
 `` we got all the water we need right ? '' 
 i said . 
 bill did n't reply . 
 i looked at his hands . 
 he had the shotgun pointed at me . 
 `` bill , what ... no . '' 
 it hit me . 
 `` please do n't . 
 my wife . 
 i have to see her . '' 
 `` shutup ! '' 
 he used a tone i had n't heard from him yet . 
 it seemed transplanted from paul . 
 it was devoid of emotion . 
 i raised my hands . 
 `` please do n't . '' 
 `` your wife is dead . 
 everyone in portland died . 
 not a single survivor . 
 and now , you 're dead . '' 
 `` please , bill . 
 just let me go , i have to just see if she 's alive , my house . '' 
 `` you still do n't get it . 
 there 's nothing . 
 it was a h-bomb , there 's only a large crater there . '' 
 `` just let me see , '' i said as tears streamed down my face . 
 `` i really do n't care about dying , but if i could see that she 's gone . 
 i would be happy . '' 
 bill shuffled uncomfortably . 
 `` you promise not to bother us ? 
 not to come around here ? '' 
 `` yes , i just want to see portland . '' 
 `` you do him in yet ? '' 
 paul yelled . 
 bill 's face stiffened -- emotionless again . 
 he raised the gun to my head . 
 `` sorry , '' he said in a raised voice . 
 `` ca n't risk it . '' 
 `` please . '' 
 i closed my eyes and felt urine rush down the side of my leg . 
 it felt comfortably warm . 
 i always thought i would face death with more honor than that . 
 but i did n't , i was scared that i would die and be a nothing in the lineage of mankind , and i was scared to see the flash of the gun barrel . 
 the left side of my head opened to a searing pain , and as i fell to the ground i heard a loud shot . 
 everything went black . 
 i woke up to the sound of rocks sliding . 
 it took all my energy to open my eyes . 
 on the left side of my head was a pulsating pain . 
 i thought i saw shadows . 
 but i was in a corner . 
 the amount of light leaking in through the cave entrance seemed about the same as when i came with bill and paul . 
 my stomach rumbled . 
 i felt light headed . 
 i needed food . 
 i heard some voices . 
 shadows at the mouth of the cave moved . 
 was it bill and paul ? 
 i reached and felt my head . 
 dried blood . 
 `` what do you think they did in here ? '' 
 a voice said . 
 `` probably buried someone , you heard the shot . 
 and only two came out . '' 
 it was n't paul or bill . 
 i looked around for a place to hide . 
 the last thing i wanted to see was another person who would try to kill me . 
 bill . 
 oh , bill . 
 how could he have been willing to kill me ? 
 i saw a pile of large boulders and got up , making certain i did n't make any noise . 
 the accents of the shadows above were tainted with twangs . 
 i had to hide . 
 by the time i wedged myself between two boulders a couple of flickering flames came down . 
 my eyes adjusted , but all i saw was two dark figures holding torches . 
 in their other hands were rifles . 
 `` you see anything ? '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 both voices were gruff . 
 the figures were large . 
 i stopped breathing . 
 i wondered how i 'd survive on my own . 
 there was no way around it . 
 i had to ask for help . 
 where was food to be had in this world ? 
 how much longer could i survive without any energy ? 
 one month was the accepted science , but i would be worthless by the end of it . 
 `` nothing here . '' 
 one of the figures started to trudge back out of the cave . 
 `` it had to be something . 
 you saw what i saw . 
 they were in here for a long time . 
 and who was the third fella with them ? '' 
 `` beats me . 
 they probably buried him . '' 
 they seemed to know paul and bill . 
 yet they were talking as if there was some animosity between them . 
 perhaps my enemy 's enemy was my friend . 
 i touched my head . 
 it did n't seem to add up that bill would have missed me from so close . 
 what was my head injury from ? 
 would these men show me mercy ? 
 they had to . 
 perhaps they 'd be open to newcomers . 
 `` fuck this , '' said the one who was still in the cave . 
 he walked up and out of the cave . 
 my heart beat like a frightened mouse . 
 there was no getting around the fact that if i did n't get help i would die here . 
 no food . 
 no way to get food or know how to get it . 
 i moved out of the wedge . 
 the smell of my blood was strong , sweet and i wondered if the two men , used to the barren wasteland , could have smelled it . 
 i stopped to listen . 
 feet crunched over rock and retreated into the distance . 
 i would be alone if i did n't say anything . 
 as i got out of the cave , the sun was hitting the horizon . 
 red solar rays lit up the entire sky from west to east . 
 i looked up in awe . 
 click . 
 `` well , well . 
 what do we have here ? '' 
 i felt the barrel of a gun slam into the small of my back , and i went flying into the ground . 
 i turned to look . 
 a large man , at least six and a half feet tall and four feet wide stared down at me . 
 the angle of the sun magnified the lines on his face like facture from a painting . 
 he was n't young , perhaps in his thirties , but he was mean . 
 he made paul look like kind . 
 `` hi , i. . . 
 i come in peace , '' i blurted the first non-hostile phrase that came to my mouth . 
 the man burst out laughing . 
 `` johnny come look at this weak fella , '' he said and stepped near me with his hand out as if he was going to help me up . 
 i reached out my hand and felt his power as he picked me up . 
 `` thanks , i -- '' with a surprising amount of speed , he swept my legs and sent me flying to the ground . 
 `` easy big lee , '' said a skinnier , even older man who looked a spry fifty as he walked over to me . 
 `` you were n't trying to get the jump on us were you ? '' 
 `` no , not me . 
 i do n't want to hurt anyone . 
 see ? '' 
 i showed him my hands . 
 `` i do n't have anything . 
 i just need help . '' 
 their eyes reminded me of how paul and bill looked before they tried to put me down in the cave . 
 `` my wife , she 's in portland , i need to find out if she 's alive . 
 i was in the cave , just came out . '' 
 `` easy , easy little man . '' 
 johnny rested on his haunches next to me . 
 i noticed that even in this relaxed state , one hand was on his trigger , and the barrel was pointed at me . 
 `` it 's not that i do n't want to believe you , i do . 
 but i , '' he said and looked over at the big man . 
 `` we ca n't afford to trust you . 
 got it ? '' 
 `` no trust ? '' 
 i asked . 
 it was simple statement , but my head was spinning . 
 i felt like vomiting . 
 it was as if my body could n't take any more shocks . 
 perhaps i was n't made for this new world . 
 `` none , bud . 
 you come out of the cave after us , all quiet like . 
 what would you think ? '' 
 `` but i have nothing . 
 i need some food . 
 just a little food so i can go to portland , see my wife . '' 
 i hoped that somehow i could beg enough to get some help . 
 i needed to see a kind soul . 
 i needed to see some empathy in their eyes . 
 that was all i really cared about . 
 `` your wife was in portland ? '' 
 a hint of kindness crossed johnny 's eyes . 
 `` yes , i was in the cave . 
 spelunking . '' 
 `` oh , you one of them hiker fellas ? '' 
 `` i was , yes . '' 
 `` never liked those hiking hippies , always too condescending . 
 never let us hunt where we liked , '' barked the big one . 
 `` not me , '' i said and raised my hands in innocence . 
 `` of course you would say that now bud , '' johnny said . 
 it was getting dark so i could n't see whether he was talking with sympathy or disdain . 
 `` just some food ... portland , '' i said , feeling the urge to piss again . 
 `` not enough food to go around fella . 
 ca n't give you any . 
 besides , if i did it would n't be for something as stupid as going to portland . 
 your wife 's dead . 
 no one made it out of the cities . 
 the few that did . 
 well . '' 
 johnny glanced at the large man who grinned sheepishly . 
 `` okay , okay . 
 sorry to have disturbed you . 
 i 'll be on my way . 
 i 'll make it somehow , '' i said and propped myself up on my elbows , slowly , to make it seem as if i could n't move . 
 somewhere in the back of my head a voice was getting louder and louder . 
 it was a voice that i had n't listened to in my entire life , that had given up speaking and was only now finding its volume again . 
 it told me not to be so trusting with what i was doing . 
 it told me to conceal everything . 
 it told me to position myself so my body had leverage to move . 
 the look on their faces as they exchanged glances when i spoke , reminded me of how paul looked at me before i entered the cave . 
 `` ca n't do that either , i 'm afraid , '' johnny said and seemed genuinely sad . 
 `` ca n't have scavengers in these hills . 
 you 'll just come back for us . '' 
 big lee smiled ; he did n't seem so sad . 
 `` it 's the way of the world now . 
 nothing against you personally . '' 
 `` of course not . 
 totally understandable , '' i said . 
 the voice in the back of my head was speaking up for me . 
 cover your intentions . 
 dawn and dusk are the best times to attack because people 's eyes are still adjusting to the light . 
 you 're next to a steep incline of the hill . 
 my hand clasped around a rock . 
 the old man looked at me suspiciously as he straightened his legs out . 
 i threw the rock at his face . 
 i spun as fast as i could towards the edge of the steep incline . 
 in a second i was hurtling down the scree . 
 i slid . 
 i rolled . 
 i could n't control myself . 
 the crack of a rifle echoed . 
 a forest of rock formations came at me . 
 dark , in the crepuscule , they looked like they could hurt . 
 a bullet whistled past me . 
 i was sliding in too straight a line . 
 `` git that bastard ! '' 
 johnny 's yelled . 
 i slid over scree , the sound like a freeway of trucks . 
 my throat was tight . 
 my heart pounded . 
 with one hand dug into the scree , i turned to my left . 
 a bullet landed on my right . 
 the first big rock went by . 
 i dug in both hands , slowed down , then grabbed the next boulder that jutted out from the side of this hill . 
 as soon as i had grabbed the rock , and pulled myself behind it , i saw the scree where my ass had just been , burst into pieces . 
 the sound of a shot followed . 
 `` shoot him ! '' 
 the rock tore off the skin on my fingers , but i did n't feel any pain . 
 why could n't they just let me be ? 
 if i stayed here , they 'd find a way to approach my crop of rocks and finish me off . 
 and in the end i knew that i had to get some food . 
 they were right about scavengers . 
 i was going to have to come and get them . 
 the sound of both of them skiing down the scree jumped my heart and stopped my thoughts . 
 this group of boulders was the only place i could stand a chance of fighting . 
 i grabbed a large stone . 
 i grabbed a sharp one . 
 i ran to some closely spaced boulders . 
 before i jumped on one , i glanced behind me to see the two men only a few yards from where i 'd been . 
 `` come on out boy . 
 you 're just makin ' it harder on yourself . '' 
 `` yeah , it can be quick or we can eat you piece by piece , hippie , '' big lee added . 
 i faced a boulder twice my height . 
 i looked for a hold , placed the rocks in my pocket and down the front of my pants , and started climbing . 
 soon i was on top . 
 i looked down . 
 night had fallen and , without the moon or the stars , there was hardly a shape to be seen . 
 i pulled the large rock out of my pants and laid it gently on the boulder . 
 silence drenched my senses . 
 i stayed still and listened . 
 my heart beat , the only sound in the night . 
 the smell of my dried blood and sweat seemed overpowering . 
 the temperature was dropping . 
 crunch , c r u n c h. separate footsteps . 
 so it would be easier . 
 i would take the first person that came by me . 
 crunch . 
 ten yards away to my left . 
 another crunch and i knew it was moving away . 
 crunch . 
 right below me . 
 i picked up the large stone and tried to make out a figure , but in the shadow of the boulders it was impossible . 
 just use the sound . 
 crunch . 
 i hurtled the rock down with all my might . 
 then jumped . 
 a satisfying crunch that sickened me sounded off . 
 i landed on a heap of flesh . 
 my legs buckled and air was pushed from my chest as i fell to my side . 
 i crawled over towards the body , as it twitched . 
 it was johnny . 
 his head caved in . 
 i reached for his shotgun . 
 pain streaked through my body . 
 i could n't take much more abuse . 
 `` johnny ? '' 
 big lee 's voice was very close . 
 the pain disappeared . 
 i tried to make out the safety on the shotgun . 
 footsteps , in a hurry . 
 getting closer . 
 the gun seemed foreign to me . 
 footsteps closer . 
 my heart was in my throat . 
 i found the trigger and pointed towards the footsteps . 
 when a black shape formed , i pulled the trigger , but it would n't budge . 
 closer . 
 three yards . 
 i put two fingers on the trigger , the butt on my chest . 
 two yards away . 
 big shadow . 
 `` johnny ? '' 
 big lee said . 
 i pulled with all my might . 
 the sound and the recoil knocked me on my back . 
 i forced myself up , cocked the shotgun and fired into the lump in front of me . 
 then again . 
 i could n't hear anything but the ringing in my ears . 
 i stood over big lee , placed my barrel on his neck . 
 he was breathing fast , loud . 
 i could n't see his face . 
 `` please , '' big lee said . 
 more wet breathing . 
 like a hamster in my hands . 
 i was god . 
 a rush of blood to my loins . 
 `` do n't , '' he said . 
 `` do n't take it personal . '' 
 i pulled the trigger . 
 a splash of blood hit my face . 
 i turned back to where johnny was . 
 his body was still . 
 i pointed my barrel at him . 
 then i remembered i would have to save bullets . 
 i picked up the rock lodged in his head and raised it above my head . 
 do n't take it personal . 
 i slammed the rock into what remained of his face . 
 pain returned to all my limbs . 
 i checked the men 's pulses . 
 nothing . 
 i took their weapons , bandoliers , big lee 's backpack , and a set of keys . 
 switched clothes with johnny . 
 they fit perfectly . 
 then with my new gear , i climbed back up the boulder . 
 i woke up the next day wondering if my agony would stop . 
 the sharp hurt of yesterday had turned into dull knocks that screeched every time i moved . 
 i leaned over to see the two bodies where i had left them . 
 insects were eating the corpses . 
 insects . 
 from where ? 
 i had n't seen any until now . 
 could be that they lived deep in the ground . 
 they were always supposed to survive a nuclear holocaust . 
 it was good to know the scientists were right about something . 
 insects could be food . 
 i checked myself for insects . 
 there were a few . 
 i held my breath and swallowed a few after smashing them . 
 some taste lingered in my tongue , an odd chemical taste that made me gag . 
 i climbed down . 
 looked at the two bodies . 
 with my finger i let some ants crawl up then swallowed them too . 
 i looked at big lee , the lower half of his head gone . 
 `` please ... do n't . '' 
 a man had begged for mercy and i 'd shown him none . 
 what else could i have done ? 
 why did i expect mercy when i was on the other side of the barrel , and yet when i held it i gave nothing ? 
 my knees went weak . 
 i tried not to look at johnny 's face . 
 what had i done ? 
 the stench from the two was overpowering . 
 i walked away . 
 i had to get back up . 
 in case paul and bill returned to the cave . 
 i slowly trudged up until i was at the mouth of the cave . 
 i would have to find food . 
 at least i knew there were insects around . 
 the fact that the two corpses did n't attract any large animals was comforting . 
 i looked around , at the shape of the mountains , at the landscape , so that i would know where i was if i was to return . 
 big lee and johnny had left a nice set of footprints to follow . 
 i kept my eyes and ears pricked and followed the path . 
 after an hour the footprints disappeared into rocks . 
 i walked in the same direction but found nothing . 
 what would i do in a cutthroat post-nuclear world where leaving tracks could mean my end ? 
 i backtracked and walked at a sharp angle from where the footprints had disappeared . 
 after a few minutes i found tracks again and was surprised to see a makeshift shack in between some boulders near the peak of a hill , only a few hundred yards away . 
 i retraced my steps once again and approached the abode from high ground . 
 i lay down and listened . 
 ten minutes passed and not a sound . 
 with my shotgun raised , i walked towards the entrance . 
 i opened the lock with a set of keys , pushed the door ajar . 
 a plethora of military rations stacked against the wall met my eyes . 
 blood rushed to my cheeks , and i smiled . 
 enough for one man to eat forever . 
 i looked around . 
 nothing else . 
 no hidden rooms . 
 just rocks and piles of odd containers . 
 i started to eat . 
 the food tasted amazing . 
 a mix of spices and aromas overwhelmed my senses as i wondered how i was going to control myself from eating everything in sight . 
 i would wait a day to gain my strength before heading out to portland . 
 there i would be able to see if my wife had survived . 
 a feeling of emptiness came over me . 
 perhaps i knew that there would be nothing to find in portland . 
 that moment , the rush , jolt when i heard the rock crush johnny 's head filled my senses . 
 i should 've been elated to know that i 'd lived , survived , and would now have food for the foreseeable future , but i killed two men for that privilege . 
 i smashed a man 's head in , and killed the other while he begged for mercy please . 
 do n't . 
 the words rang in my head ; some of his blood was still dry on my neck and face . 
 i peeled off a flake of blood and threw it on the ground . 
 i had n't shown mercy . 
 why not ? 
 should n't i have been the better man ? 
 what about god ? 
 did n't he cause all this so that we could be better ? 
 i inhaled . 
 i could feel their presence here . 
 why had they been so bent on coming after me ? 
 they seemed to have enough food to survive one more person coming here . 
 seemed foolish to run after me . 
 i was not a threat . 
 they must have known something . 
 i should have questioned them -- big lee at least . 
 not blown his neck and lower face out . 
 portland . 
 or get bill and paul ? 
 they would both come back for more water . 
 perhaps in a week . 
 if they did , they would see the two bodies , or whatever the insects left of them , and they would figure out what happened . 
 leave bill alone , something inside me whispered . 
 though i was n't entirely certain what had happened , bill must 've let me live . 
 no way a redneck in a post-nuclear-everyman-for-himself-age misses a shot from that close with a shotgun . 
 even i had n't missed , and i hated guns . 
 a canteen fell to the ground . 
 i spun around . 
 nothing . 
 but i kept still . 
 there was no wind . 
 the canteen could not have fallen on its own . 
 if it was a rat i could eat it . 
 never thought i 'd think that . 
 then my nostrils lit up . 
 sweat . 
 flesh . 
 someone was here . 
 i glanced at the door on my periphery to make certain it was still shut . 
 check . 
 on one side of the room stood a pile of boxes and ammunition cans that the canteen had been sitting on . 
 something could be hiding down there . 
 i reached for my shotgun and pointed at the area . 
 i heard something breathe . 
 `` come out whoever you are . '' 
 i placed my hand on the trigger . 
 the breathing got louder . 
 `` i said come out or i 'll start shooting . '' 
 my nerves frayed . 
 adrenaline swam through my arteries . 
 whatever was hiding was going to die soon . 
 i could n't risk them getting a shot off . 
 `` do n't shoot , '' the voice said , soft , feminine , almost crying . 
 so this was what big lee and johnny were so protective about . 
 i kept my shotgun out , after all a woman in this environment would n't necessarily be nice . 
 `` come out , i wo n't hurt you , '' i said . 
 she crawled out from what appeared to be a space behind the ammunition cans , still in the shadows . 
 i could smell her more so than see her , and she smelled good . 
 no perfume or any of that , but i could smell her sweat , body odor , her sex . 
 my penis rose to the occasion , a libidinous and ravenous thought crossed my mind : take her . 
 so soft and delicate . 
 how could i think such a thing ? 
 all women in such a lawless world were probably in the same situation . 
 i would n't be another male to be scared of . 
 i would be a male to look up to , to be in awe of for his self-discipline . 
 that 's what it was , i reminded myself , self discipline . 
 if carol were ever in this situation i would hope she came across another strong man who would treat her properly . 
 the way a woman should be treated . 
 i reached out my hand . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 she said , slinking towards me . 
 she was short , and her hands , small , white , were empty . 
 she wore a dress covered with dirt and grime . 
 her hair , auburn , seemed like it could be lighter with a wash . 
 her blue eyes struck out at me and tightened my throat . 
 each eye seemed to have a halo . 
 she had to be a teenager . 
 none of that mattered as my eyes naturally rested on her breasts that pushed her dress out , firm , round , and her hips that swooped in to a small waist . 
 the voice , that new voice , growled . 
 told me to take her there and then . 
 no , i fought back . 
 i would start a new way , with new rules . 
 `` i 'm tom , your name ? '' 
 i realized that i was speaking softly . 
 `` jenny , '' she said . 
 her voice had an edge of flintiness , flirting with my groin . 
 a sexual marker that she never had a chance to use properly , and yet it was enough for me . 
 calm down . 
 `` pleased to meet you , '' i said and shook her hand , soft , limp , sensuous . 
 i wondered if she had been here as a plaything for the two men . 
 `` what are you doing here ? 
 are you friends with big lee and johnny ? '' 
 she seemed to light up at the sound of their names . 
 `` no family . 
 you friends with them ? '' 
 the spark in her eyes , the way she moved closer to hear something about them saddened me . 
 i should n't have done what i had done . 
 now what could i tell her ? 
 carol always joked that she 'd found the one man in the world incapable of lying . 
 `` yes , i am . 
 they 'll be back in a few days . '' 
 the lie felt so easy and natural that it surprised me . 
 this made life so much easier . 
 she smiled , beautiful white teeth , full lips , as she came closer . 
 trusting me so naturally ... `` in a few days ? '' 
 `` yes , they just had to travel further out . 
 they told me to take care of this area for them , '' i said and smiled back , the ease of which scared me . 
 i would tell her in due time , for now it was best to treat her with kindness . 
 i handed her a piece of cheese and crackers and she gobbled it down . 
 `` what 's your relation to them ? '' 
 `` johnny 's my pa . '' 
 she swallowed her food . 
 `` and big lee ? '' 
 `` he 's my brother . '' 
 she took more food . 
 a ray of light hit her face and it was then that i saw that her eyes were much the same as johnny 's had been . 
 just kinder . 
 my stomach churned . 
 she would find out and then what ? 
 `` they usually do n't take kindly to strangers . 
 not these days at least . '' 
 she looked at me , without the slightest hint of mistrust . 
 `` ca n't trust anyone . 
 we once let a man in here , but he tried to kill them in their sleep and steal me . '' 
 she blushed at the word , as if she could n't imagine what it was that made a man want to steal her . 
 `` yes . '' 
 i 'd have to think of a story and stick with it . 
 `` i helped them find some water , good water . 
 so we 're friends now . '' 
 she nodded her head . 
 `` so you 're staying with us ? '' 
 `` for now , tomorrow i 'll head out to finish some of my own work , then i 'll be back . '' 
 she smiled at my comment then hugged me . 
 the sudden affection took me back , and i froze for a second before deciding that i should n't miss out on her touch and held her tight . 
 tomorrow i would find out about carol . 
 i would clean myself . 
 we spent the rest of the night talking about our lives . 
 she talked about her post-high school and friends who were no more , and i talked about my job , portland , and carol . 
 i made sure we slept on different sides of the shack -- i did n't trust myself . 
 i reminded myself that this was supposed to be the start of a better world , not a worse one . 
 the next day i found some topographical maps , and marked out my journey . 
 i packed my food , extra ammunition , hid a couple handguns in my clothes , found a compass and headed out . 
 i hugged jenny ; she seemed sad to see me go . 
 i locked her inside . 
 i told myself it was so that no one could harm her . 
 but in reality i wanted her waiting when i got back . 
 i had found something innocent in this world , and i wanted to hold on to it . 
 i walked over the ridge and to carol . 
 my walk to portland started out well . 
 all i saw were charred foundations , and pieces of roads that were nothing but rubble , or washed away . 
 the forests that made oregon so green were gone . 
 it was depressing . 
 i 'd always been a person who fought the overdevelopment that happened in my state , in the country . 
 i wanted things left untouched by humans . 
 but this ... civilization started with a lucky draw of certain seeds in the right conditions , blossomed , and was now gone . 
 the thought of billions of humans seemed like a distant dream . 
 the world . 
 the apocalypse . 
 carol . 
 what was i expecting to find ? 
 the more i saw , the more a gnawing feeling inside me said that there was no way she could 've survived this . 
 and if she had she would n't be the same , or i would never find her . 
 she would be somewhere in the hills scavenging off the land . 
 the first night i slept between some metal sheets that i found under a layer of mud . 
 my skin did n't feel warm . 
 was radiation was still an issue ? 
 then i wondered if that even mattered . 
 my life would be shortened by something . 
 i woke up and kept marching . 
 around afternoon i got to where portland should have been . 
 i 'd seen pictures of hiroshima and nagasaki and was expecting charred ruins , but there was n't even that . 
 there were several craters . 
 the green hills all barren . 
 i tried to think of where our suburb was , and could n't quite remember . 
 when i finally triangulated my neighborhood 's location , with the side of the hill and angle . 
 i found more of the same : some foundations remained and everything caked with mud . 
 as if the city had never existed . 
 i should have been ready for it , but i was n't . 
 carol 's image flooded back to the back of my eyeballs and i felt weak at the knees . 
 i fell down . 
 the sky seemed an ominous gray . 
 lightening cracked slowly across the clouds like a martian snail . 
 carol and i 'd met trail running a race only a few miles from portland . 
 it 'd been a typical oregon summer day . 
 when i saw her , she was the most beautiful girl i 'd ever seen -- all smiles -- a body flagrantly showing skin in the summer warmth . 
 normally , i would have just looked , but she smiled and i felt warm inside . 
 i talked to her and asked her out for dinner that night . 
 the rest was history . 
 now there was nothing . 
 i looked around . 
 absolutely nothing . 
 they 'd really done it . 
 they 'd really decided that nuking cities , was the best choice . 
 i shook my head . 
 had the people who pressed the buttons managed to stay safe ? 
 if so where ? 
 i was angry and grasping at straws . 
 in a world like this no one would have come out on top . 
 i wondered if god would have allowed his entire creation to be destroyed . 
 like it did n't matter . 
 i always believed in the bible , found hope in it . 
 now , however , i could n't see his hand in the world ; was this his rapture ? 
 not the way i saw it . 
 was there even any law now ? 
 or was it just me and my thoughts ? 
 the wind blew , as if to say yes . 
 i still wanted to know exactly how it happened , but it seemed like a futile endeavor . 
 the news stories bill and paul had shown me seemed either biased or unprofessional . 
 but , i supposed , it did n't matter one bit in the end . 
 the smell of flesh hit me in this moment of weakness , but instead of freezing , my body relaxed and i gripped the gun in my hand . 
 two seconds later i glanced around . 
 no one . 
 but the smell was getting stronger . 
 i was close to a rise on the hill . 
 there were some large trench-like grooves from erosion and i ran into one . 
 lying on my belly i waited with my gun aimed at the direction of the smell . 
 two seconds later a man and a woman appeared . 
 they were following my tracks . 
 that was something i would have to be careful about . 
 i could hear them over the wind : `` did you see him ? '' 
 `` i tell you , look at the tracks , they 're new , '' the man said in a voice that sounded like glass scraped against rock . 
 he was small and skinny , with a face that sagged from having lost weight recently . 
 the woman was also small , though she was younger , maybe in her thirties . 
 her voice did n't match her look , as it was low and gruff . 
 both had rifles in their hands . 
 their accents were not filled with the twang of the countryside . 
 my heart beat in my throat . 
 so far meeting people , though it brought a sense of elation at having found another human being , had mostly led to violence . 
 then , inside my head , the voice spoke up . 
 if they were tracking me over a hill , one they could not see , why were they talking so loud ? 
 it defied common sense . 
 i turned to see young man with a gun trained on me . 
 `` i got him dad ! '' 
 the young man said . 
 the barrel was intimidating , even after having so many trained my way . 
 his accent , however , was soothing ; it too was a school-taught and affluent voice . 
 i could reason with him . 
 `` i am not a threat , '' i said and rose up slowly . 
 `` do n't move , '' he barked . 
 the man and woman had arrived and trained their guns on me . 
 `` he was going to shoot you mom , dad . 
 he was going to shoot you both . '' 
 a sneer crept across the man 's face . 
 `` is that right ? '' 
 `` no , '' i said . 
 they seemed paranoid , but with reason . 
 `` i was n't , i just heard you two and was scared . 
 they all laughed . 
 it was sinister . 
 like they 'd done it before . 
 i realized then that the parents walked as one to distract , then the son came from a hidden flank to finish off those who waited , like me . 
 `` this was a trap ? '' 
 i asked . 
 the young man smiled . 
 `` let 's see what he has , '' he said and pointed to my backpack . 
 i threw it down . 
 he went through it like a rat . 
 `` oh mom , dad , he has whole meals ! '' 
 `` are you guys from portland ? '' 
 i asked . 
 something inside me said that a family like this could n't be cruel . 
 they could n't . 
 god please tell me there 's another way . 
 the universe seemed to stand still to my plea . 
 `` yes , '' the old man said , without a hint of emotion . 
 `` my wife was here in portland . 
 i was out of town . 
 i just wanted to see if she was still alive . '' 
 i thought i saw a hint of emotion in the woman 's eyes . 
 but she sneered . 
 `` do you have any idea where she could be ? '' 
 they laughed , and sent chills down my muscles . 
 i tensed up . 
 there was only one way out of this situation . 
 my intestines churned . 
 i did n't want to do it . 
 `` anything else we can get from him ? '' 
 `` i can tell you where to get more food , '' i said , trying to iron out all emotion from my words . 
 that voice inside was no longer a separate entity -- it was me . 
 they had to believe me , give me some time . 
 i had read in a magazine once that the best time to escape was in the initial parts of a kidnapping . 
 if i did n't do that now i would be toast . 
 i thought of making it back to see jenny . 
 for some reason that gave me strength to move on . 
 they all eyed me , trying to see through my mask . 
 `` you do n't say . 
 how much ? '' 
 the young man asked . 
 `` do n't listen to him anthony , '' the father said , in a tone that reminded me of my professor . 
 `` he 's only buying time . 
 shoot him . 
 it 's your turn . '' 
 the boy looked at his father as if he had some other thoughts then pulled his rifle up to his shoulder and pointed at me . 
 `` i 'm not kidding you , '' i said , as calm as ever . 
 `` water too , fresh , from a spring . 
 i just shot two rednecks for it . 
 you ca n't track it back . 
 only i know . 
 it 's hidden . '' 
 the father looked at the woman then back at me as i spoke . 
 `` and enough food to last a few years . '' 
 i shrugged my shoulders . 
 my apathetic ruse worked and the young man lowered his rifle and looked at his father . 
 `` it seems to be the truth . '' 
 `` listen . '' 
 the father seemed angry with his son , but as he spoke his rifle lowered and his finger came off the trigger . 
 i pulled out my two handguns . 
 fired them at the father . 
 then the son a split second later . 
 not sure where , but i heard the bullets hitting something . 
 each fell back , dropped their rifles . 
 i trained my two guns on the woman . 
 `` drop it . 
 now , bitch . '' 
 she looked around , scheming . 
 i fired a shot into the ground in front of her . 
 `` last time i 'm nice to you . 
 got it ? '' 
 she threw it on the ground , started to shake . 
 `` we did n't mean anything . 
 really . 
 we were just going to take your food and leave you be . '' 
 her voice cracked . 
 tears glistened below her eyes . 
 for some reason , they stimulated a pleasant feeling inside me , like i could bathe in her remains and not care . 
 i did n't like this . 
 `` turn around . 
 shut up . 
 face on the ground . 
 hands on the back of your head . '' 
 she got on her knees and fell to the ground . 
 i moved over to her husband who seemed to be moving . 
 a shotgun blast to his head stopped the movement . 
 the son was n't moving , but i added a shot to his face to be certain . 
 it felt cruel . 
 i reminded myself that their wounds were beyond repair . 
 i threw all my food back into my backpack and threw in the men 's weapons as well . 
 then i searched them for anything useful . 
 all i found was a knife . 
 the woman tried to look up . 
 `` do n't move , '' i said and walked up to her . 
 i searched her roughly , feeling her soft curves . 
 she was old enough to have lost the firmness of her body . 
 `` turn . '' 
 she turned to face me . 
 `` please do n't . '' 
 i paused , then brushed off her plea . 
 `` hands behind your back . '' 
 it was a weird sensation : her tears , her pleas ; they felt like power . 
 i wondered if that was what my pleas sounded like to the others . 
 it was at that moment that i thought there was no way that bill let me live . 
 my survival was destiny . 
 `` please , '' she cried . 
 `` please do n't . '' 
 she raised her hands to defend her face . 
 `` hands behind your back . '' 
 she complied as soon as i spoke , and i enjoyed the feeling that gave me -- a surge from my balls to my head . 
 i scanned the landscape to make sure no one would surprise me . 
 `` how many others are there ? '' 
 `` n-none , '' she said . 
 `` i see more tracks , '' i lied and pointed the gun at her face . 
 `` no , no one else , just me , my husband , my son . '' 
 she let out another sob . 
 i felt she was putting on a show , that perhaps this was all just an act . 
 `` you lot from portland ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` why did you want me dead then ? '' 
 `` i swear we did n't . 
 just your food . '' 
 the lie seemed like a taunt . 
 i pointed the gun at her foot . 
 `` one more lie and i 'll start hurting you . 
 got it ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` were you going to kill me ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she seemed frozen with fear . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she looked confused . 
 i glanced around . 
 `` the bombs , when did it happen ; why did it happen ? '' 
 she still seemed confused . 
 `` the bombs ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i muttered , annoyed , wondering if she was playing me for more time , for me to get jumped by another son lurking somewhere . 
 `` a war broke out . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i said through my gritted teeth . 
 she was really annoying me . 
 `` i do n't think so . 
 it was all so quick . 
 there was n't much time to think . 
 then the nukes fell . 
 and did n't stop for a whole day . '' 
 `` that 's it ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` that 's all i know . 
 we were camping . 
 we got lucky . '' 
 worthless . 
 `` okay show me where you live , keep your food and such . '' 
 i motioned for her to get up . 
 on her feet , she looked at me wearily . 
 `` does this mean you 'll let me live ? '' 
 `` of course , i have no beef with you . '' 
 in the back of my head i thought about how i had been lucky so far . 
 by letting her live was i stretching that luck too far ? 
 a new beginning , i tell myself . 
 remember , it starts with you . 
 the bible comes back to me and i think about jesus . 
 i will have to win this woman over . 
 she glanced over at the bodies of the two men in her life and shook ; tears fell from her face . 
 after a few seconds , i nudged her . 
 `` move , '' i said thinking of their laughter when i had mentioned my wife . 
 i marched her for a few hundred meters before she walked to a hidden trap door in the ground . 
 i motioned for her to enter first . 
 she seemed in a daze , but listened . 
 the place was a dug out cave . 
 there was n't much food . 
 i threw some in my backpack , which was full to the brim . 
 it did n't seem like they would 've survived for much longer . 
 `` back out . '' 
 i motioned at the ladder leading out . 
 she walked out . 
 i closed the trapdoor . 
 covered it with dirt again . 
 it would be a good place to know in the future . 
 i marked the approximate area , judging from the terrain , on my map . 
 a sense of accomplishment splashed over me . 
 we walked some ways away from her home . 
 `` are you going to let me live ? 
 at least just tell me . 
 i want to live , '' she murmured , as if she knew her words did n't matter anymore . 
 a pang of regret . 
 if someone had asked me what the first thing i would have done if the world was caught in a nuclear firestorm , i would have said : `` easy , get a group of people together and start building civilization again . '' 
 what a fool i was . 
 who could i trust ? 
 this woman in front of me ? 
 could i even trust myself ? 
 part of me wanted to ravage her body , another part wanted to shoot her dead , and a small , almost silent part said to let her go . 
 maybe make friends with her . 
 that last part seemed a fool 's hope . 
 i beat it down : this was not the same world . 
 i could n't trust someone who had just tried to kill me . 
 no way . 
 do n't be stupid ; those were the ways of a world now gone . 
 `` can you talk ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` stop . 
 do n't turn around . '' 
 she trembled in place . 
 there was n't much else to do now . 
 it had to be now or never . 
 i felt warm ; a tender wind caressed my skin . 
 the sky seemed to have opened up , and some sun touched the ground . 
 looking to where it landed i saw a green shoot . 
 life was starting again . 
 was it a sign from god ? 
 `` please , '' she said . 
 she held herself and shook violently . 
 this was a chance for a new beginning . 
 soon the world would need to strive towards a better future . 
 it would n't be built on murder . 
 because that 's what i 'll have to do : murder this woman right here and right now . 
 there were laws from before and they had been chosen for a reason . 
 they worked . 
 if people forgot them , then they forgot what it meant to be human . 
 `` please , do n't . '' 
 she broke into tears . 
 i remembered big lee . 
 now was my chance to redeem myself . 
 `` turn . '' 
 she shuffled around , her face contorted into a wail . 
 i felt sorry for her . 
 for the first time that day , i felt like she could 've been carol . 
 if she lived through nuclear war , she could 've been this lady right here , begging for mercy from another soul . 
 i lowered my weapon . 
 `` i 'll give you two choices . 
 listen to me . '' 
 i waited for her sobs to stop . 
 `` you can join me , or you 're free to go . 
 you can go back to your house . 
 whatever . 
 the choice is yours . '' 
 she scrutinized me . 
 i sensed her elation . 
 `` you 're not kidding me are you ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i tried to smile . 
 it did n't come out right ; at least it did n't feel like it did , because she seemed pained by it . 
 though she cracked a smile that seemed goofy . 
 `` you have to decide now , however , because i do n't have time . '' 
 she looked around , then back at me , as if she was coming out of a dream . 
 `` i 'll come with you . '' 
 she stared at her hands . 
 `` i have nothing else now . '' 
 we walked in the direction of my shack for a few hours before she talked again . 
 i let her be . 
 after all , she 'd just lost her husband and son . 
 i hoped that me sparing her life , after i 'd almost been killed , would show her the right way to live . 
 `` so how come you do n't know anything ? '' 
 she said as she slowed down and walked beside me . 
 i did n't trust her completely , so i walked slightly behind her , made sure my gun was out of her reach . 
 `` i was spelunking , '' i said . 
 `` cave stuff right ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` right . '' 
 `` your wife was in portland when everything went down ? '' 
 `` that 's what i think . 
 do n't know for sure . 
 you found me near where our house used to be . 
 there 's nothing . 
 i can only assume she did n't get far . 
 after all , even the countryside . '' 
 i swept my arm to the ash land that surrounded us . 
 `` got destroyed . '' 
 `` yeah , they sure did put a number on us , '' she said and tsked . 
 `` only satisfaction i get is that they got it worse than we did . '' 
 `` how do you know that ? '' 
 `` do n't know , only hope . 
 after all , if someone survived , you think they 'd have made it out here by now . 
 right ? '' 
 `` right , '' i said , not really knowing . 
 `` sorry , '' she said . 
 `` about what ? '' 
 `` your wife . 
 i 'm sure you came out here thinking you 'd find an answer . 
 but there is n't one . '' 
 i looked her over . 
 she was a sweet creature . 
 whatever distrust i had for her was n't warranted . 
 `` i 'm sorry about your family . 
 i really am , '' i said . 
 she stayed silent for a second , looked away . 
 `` what 's done is done . 
 now lets look towards something else . '' 
 her eyes met mine , and she gave me a brave smile . 
 i knew then that she 'd forgiven me . 
 that plant had been the first sign . 
 her smile was another sign that things were on the right track . 
 i placed my hand on her shoulder , squeezed it . 
 `` you a big hiker ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` yes , love it . '' 
 i looked at the sky . 
 it was getting dark , and i wanted to find a protected place to sleep . 
 `` you ? '' 
 `` i liked the outdoors fine , my son and husband could n't get enough of it . 
 guess it saved us in the end . '' 
 she seemed to ponder her thought over . 
 `` can you spare me a weapon ? '' 
 she asked me in a child-like voice . 
 `` well ... '' `` in case we run into trouble . 
 i want to be of help , not be a burden . 
 i can shoot pretty well . '' 
 `` yeah ... '' i said . 
 `` we 're together in this right ? 
 so lets make the best of it . 
 come on . '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` after all , you let me live , right ? '' 
 i pulled out a knife and handed it to her . 
 `` this for now . 
 we 'll get you something better soon ... my other guns i 'm too attached to . '' 
 it was n't a bad excuse , because they had saved my life twice already . 
 i pointed at a pile of rocks that looked like it could protect us . 
 the sky had darkened fast , and i wondered if it would rain . 
 `` we 'll sleep there . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` good spot . '' 
 her agreement evaporated my suspicions . 
 when we settled into the ground , i lay down in my jacket , my backpack to my side , hoping that it would provide some warmth . 
 she lay near me , but not too far . 
 the sun was crashing into the horizon , the clouds lit up across the sky , a firestorm from the gods . 
 `` it 's beautiful is n't it ? '' 
 i asked her , hoping the sunset would create a connection . 
 sunsets with carol , had always been a perfect combination ; a moment to stare at a dance of colors and assume that it was only for us . 
 `` they 're all beautiful , '' she said , as if it no longer mattered , or never quite did . 
 `` after the war , they were all great . 
 as if the sun knew that a world of people could no longer see it . '' 
 `` yeah , '' i said stupidly , though i did n't agree . 
 it seemed like a great sign of the possibilities that now hung around my thoughts . 
 `` tell me , why did you let me live ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` no , really . 
 you were going to kill me at first , but something changed your mind . 
 i could see it in your eyes . '' 
 she flashed a smile as she pointed at me with two fingers . 
 `` what was it ? '' 
 her eyes at that moment reminded me , for some reason , of carol 's , especially when she tried to tease the truth out of me . 
 `` believe it or not i saw a light from the sky touch the ground and where it touched , there was a plant . 
 i thought of new beginnings . 
 i think what happened to me was a mistake , a matter of circumstance . 
 i should n't hold that against you . '' 
 i looked at her face feeling somewhat foolish for opening up this easily . 
 `` i think we can start something great . 
 `` i do too , '' she said , rather quickly . 
 there seemed to be a sneer on her face , but i was happy to have told someone about the sign . 
 night fell quickly and my eyes were soon drooping under their own weight . 
 `` good night , '' she said . 
 out of the corner of my eye , i could see her darkened form . 
 the voice , the killer who was gnashing at my insides for ever letting her live , took the reins and told me not to speak too coherently . 
 speak like you 're almost asleep . 
 i mumbled an incoherent `` goodnight . '' 
 with my other hand i grabbed the handgun , and held it tight . 
 she had a nice face , i reminded myself , but the voice did n't care . 
 i pretended to be in a deep sleep . 
 but the rhythm of the air coming in and out of my lungs soon put a mask over my face and i was asleep . 
 the sudden noise cracked my eyes open with a sharp tug . 
 something had made moved . 
 or was it a dream ? 
 the night sky was black . 
 the land was black . 
 i felt like i was in a tomb . 
 i did n't want to move for fear of waking some monster up . 
 i was a child again . 
 i glanced around with my eyeballs . 
 nothing . 
 no shapes . 
 it had been a dream . 
 i shifted ever so slightly and tried to see the woman . 
 it was too dark . 
 the flash of fear that broke into my visual field scared me to paralysis . 
 in a split second , i twitched and shot the black air coming at me . 
 repeatedly . 
 the knife in her hand cut into my jacket , but my shots impacted . 
 she was a soft bag when she collapsed on me . 
 her chest torn open and warm blood flowed on me . 
 it was still too dark to see her face , but i heard her breathing , could feel it on my face , the smell of rotten garbage . 
 `` a plant ... '' was all she managed to gurgle before her breathing stopped . 
 her voice sounded pleasant in that last moment . 
 i kept her body close to me for warmth , but i could n't sleep in the end . 
 when dawn came , i set out for the shack . 
 my strides were full and though i scanned , i did n't slow down to observe any of the remains of civilization . 
 i remembered that i had n't even bothered to know the woman 's name . 
 i realized that i did n't care what she was called . 
 i had been a fool . 
 again . 
 when i saw the shack in the distance , i slowed down and slinked to the higher ground just above it . 
 i observed it for several minutes . 
 no sound . 
 i wondered what i would tell jenny . 
 `` hey , '' i said sheepishly . 
 i was still covered in blood . 
 she looked me up and down before finding some clothes and handing them to me . 
 her eyes were no longer trusting . 
 `` when did you say big lee and pa were coming back ? '' 
 her eyes pierced me like a knife and it took all my energy to maintain eye contact . 
 carol was gone . 
 what i 'd been clinging onto was something i could n't believe in anymore . 
 if i did i would lose . 
 yet i knew how the wife had reacted , and so too would this woman if she knew the truth . 
 but that did n't have to be . 
 i let the voice , my balls , speak . 
 `` they have n't come back ? '' 
 i screwed my face at her . 
 `` they should 've been here yesterday at the latest . 
 are you certain ? '' 
 she seemed stunned , as if i slapped her . 
 i liked that in her . 
 i liked weakness in her . 
 `` you think , you think they 're ... ? '' 
 she held her hands to her face ; her eyes welled up . 
 i stepped to her and hugged her . 
 `` i 'll go look for them soon . 
 all right ? '' 
 she cried and squeezed me . 
 the firmness of her breasts , the small waist made my blood flow . 
 i sensed a sharpness to the world . 
 to her . 
 i made some food from the rations . 
 gave her some , and she ate . 
 i watched her pouting lips devour the meal . 
 i rolled out a blanket and made sure my gun was next to me . 
 i looked at her . 
 `` sleep here , '' i ordered more than asked . 
 carol 's image flashed . 
 be good . 
 no , do n't . 
 * the next day i awoke to see her standing over me . 
 my eyes darted to her hands . 
 they were empty . 
 they grasped her thighs , then each other . 
 something was bothering her . 
 something . 
 of course , i thought , you 've acted like a complete animal . 
 i got up and placed my hand on her shoulder . 
 i wanted her forgiveness . 
 she did n't react to my touch , to my look , to my : `` how are you feeling today ? '' 
 i almost wanted to reenact the previous night , just to get some passion out of her . 
 she stared at the bed we had slept in , as if it were some ghost speaking to her . 
 what was it saying ? 
 i pulled out some rations , divided them into two , and handed her half . 
 she took it and ate quietly . 
 i looked over at the bed again , and realized that it was covered with blood . 
 i could smell the sweet metallic blood . 
 it filled my nostrils and filtered down to my stomach . 
 from there it wormed its way to my heart , and i felt sick . 
 this was not the way it should 've happened . 
 i should 've earned her trust . 
 but how ? 
 was it supposed to be before or after she found out i killed her family ? 
 do n't be a fool . 
 this was the only way . 
 i remembered reading about ancient tribes , how volatile their societies were , wrecked with violence . 
 when they vanquished their foes , they would murder all the men , and take the women as chattel . 
 a way to expand the tribe , to expand enjoyment , and expand their genetic material . 
 it had always seemed like the wrong way to live ; yet here in a similar situation it seemed like the smartest route for me . 
 there was no other way . 
 after i 'd finished my meal , i looked at her slowly chewing her food . 
 it would take her a while , but she had to accept reality . 
 she had to stay here , and as far as i was concerned this was my place . 
 i 'd won it . 
 it was my choice whether she stayed . 
 i did n't say this as i surveyed the hut . 
 there was plenty of floor space , but no place to eat a meal on , or to study . 
 a sheet of metal lay on the floor . 
 i grabbed it , scraping the packed dirt floor , and i leaned it against the wall . 
 i piled the ammo cans into three separate but equal stacks and placed the sheet metal on them . 
 `` this is our table , '' i said . 
 `` we will now eat here . '' 
 she was still staring at the bed , the blood . 
 it did n't seem right , as if she was in a shell . 
 i walked to her and lifted her chin . 
 i wanted some recognition . 
 she looked up at me , not with fear , not with hate , but without a sliver of recognition . 
 my heart sank . 
 i 'd been a monster to her . 
 what was i thinking ? 
 time , she needed time . 
 i walked back to the new table and pulled out my map . 
 i marked where we were , the cave , and approximately where bill and paul lived . 
 i remembered that i would n't want all these places to be found by anyone with the map . 
 so i picked a few other random places and marked them with letters . 
 every third letter was a legitimate site . 
 i drank some water . 
 it was horrid , like urine . 
 `` where did they get this water from ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 she looked at me then back at the bed . 
 this was too much . 
 there was a world to rebuild , and she did n't seem to understand that . 
 i strode over to her with a great force in my step . 
 she jumped back , a startled deer , i grabbed the blanket , that was almost stiff from the dried blood , and threw it outside . 
 we would deal with it later . 
 for now i needed to get water . 
 `` where did they get water from ? '' 
 i raised my voice . 
 she looked at me , fear in her eyes . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 some of it is from our piss . '' 
 i convulsed at the thought ; then remembered that it was n't so bad : just water , some minerals , and ammonia . 
 i 'd get real water today . 
 clean , clear , water , that she 'd be amazed by . 
 she 'd come around slowly . 
 i was in the right here , i repeated in my head . 
 i walked out of the shack , gun in hand , backpack full of containers , and a heavy weight in my stomach . 
 the walk to the cave was uneventful . 
 the sky seemed the same bleak nothingness that it had always been . 
 a few rays peeked out , but what i had considered wondrous was now banal . 
 when i came back she was sitting in the same chair . 
 she was taking this act too far . 
 `` are you ever going to get up and do something ? '' 
 i half-yelled . 
 she looked up at me . 
 no words ; looked right through me in fact . 
 half of me wanted to plead with her , wanted to ask for something from her mind , but the other half was willing to drag her through this world , whatever the mood , without a care for anything besides her sex . 
 i pondered this , took her shape in , took her mood in . 
 i 'd expected that she would have been more conceding , that the way this world had affected everyone in it , including me , was something she would have to get used to ; adjust her little moral world for , not the other way around . 
 i would have to be gentle during that adjustment period . 
 the water . 
 she would appreciate that . 
 i walked over to her and poured some of the water into a cup . 
 `` drink that up , it tastes great , '' she looked at the cup , then me . 
 as if i was some monster . 
 it hurt . 
 did n't she know what i 'd been through ? 
 `` try it , '' i said firmly . 
 she took the cup and drank it all , one gulp , held out the cup for more . 
 i poured more . 
 she drank that up . 
 i poured more . 
 she sipped , stopped and looked at me . 
 `` any sign of pa and big lee ? '' 
 was that what was on her mind ? 
 of course , i should 've been more understanding . 
 she was my only companion in the entire world . 
 universe . 
 it was tough to think of it in that manner . 
 and to think that she was going to hate me made it worse . 
 i wanted to confess to her -- as i stood there , staring at the abyss of nothingness between us , with the thought that the previous night had been complete evil , even though it 'd felt good -- that i wished i could 've taken it back . 
 not been a beast , a horrible man , an animal that preys on young flesh . 
 there was a kindness left in me . 
 i was still trying to find a way to her heart , and i contemplated falling on my knees , confessing everything , telling her what had happened , how i had been attacked , been ruthlessly targeted , for no reason . 
 but i did n't , she could n't possibly understand . 
 besides , being firm had worked so far . 
 i had been honest the night before with that wife . 
 that 's what got me in trouble . 
 use what she fears , i told myself , use what she is frightened of and sooner or later she will come to see that you are her only hope . 
 oh hope . 
 `` jenny . '' 
 i lifted her chin so her eyes had to look at me , she stared downwards . 
 `` the water was good , '' she whispered . 
 `` big lee and johnny . '' 
 the truth was right there , a scary proposition . 
 one that was almost impossible , but still called me to speak it . 
 `` i will start a search for them , but you have to tell me everything you know . 
 it will make it easier to track them . 
 all right ? '' 
 the lie felt better . 
 she nodded her head . 
 her face impassive as ever . 
 i was n't certain if it had inspired her . 
 `` first , have you ventured out of here ? 
 this shack ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` listen , you want to find your family , right ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` then you have to be more cooperative . '' 
 the look she gave me struck at my heart like a knife . 
 be strong . 
 `` i know you must not like me right now , but believe me , '' i said as i put on the most earnest face i could manage . 
 `` i am trying to help . '' 
 her eyes felt my face like a blind man 's hands . 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` have you been outside this shack ? '' 
 `` only to look around , once . '' 
 `` they did n't let you out ? '' 
 `` they did , once it was safe . 
 but that was only a week ago , '' she said . 
 `` how did they know it was safe ? '' 
 `` rats . '' 
 `` rats ? '' 
 `` yes , in a cage . 
 at first we had to wear suits . '' 
 she pointed at some sinister looking plastic protective suits on the wall , masks next to them . 
 `` the rats died from something outside . 
 then they did n't . '' 
 she shivered . 
 `` then they decided they could go out . 
 they let me take a look , but it scared me too much . '' 
 i nodded and reached for her hand , but she shirked back from me . 
 there was nothing between us . 
 one step at a time , i reminded myself . 
 `` and did they find anyone when they started to check things out ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` do the names bill and paul sound familiar ? '' 
 `` oh ... they mentioned them . 
 but they did n't say much . 
 only that they were our neighbors . 
 not friends . '' 
 that was my in . 
 `` anyone else ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 she still had n't looked at my eyes . 
 i would have to get over that . 
 `` what about places for water , or food ? 
 they mention anything that they found ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 i raised my hand to my lips to make it look like i was thinking . 
 `` i think i will try to find this paul and bill . 
 then we 'll see . 
 you want to come out with me ? '' 
 `` no . 
 it scares me . '' 
 `` and what about this . '' 
 i waved my hand at the inside of the shack . 
 `` this all you want to see everyday ? '' 
 `` it 's home . '' 
 a simple girl . 
 and i 'd taken her away from it . 
 meaning was ripped from my actions . 
 i remembered paul and bill . 
 i would have to confront them . 
 sooner or later they would either come for me or we 'd run into each other at the water hole . 
 then it would be trouble . 
 big lee and johnny had been right . 
 i thought about food , if we ever ran out i could set traps for insects and rats . 
 `` what about the rats , did you catch any recently ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` any reason ? '' 
 `` pa said they 're dead too . 
 that soon it would be our turn . '' 
 those words struck me harder than they should 've . 
 i grabbed a rifle and two handguns and rustled through the ammunition boxes for more bullets . 
 paul and bill . 
 i opened the door and looked outside . 
 nothing . 
 the sky was still covered in a gray texture . 
 some rays pierced through . 
 they did n't seem so miraculous . 
 i turned to her . 
 `` you know how to shoot ? '' 
 she nodded ; her eyes were once again fixated on where we had slept the previous night . 
 `` you have a gun ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she shook her head ; she still refused to look me in the eye . 
 `` you want one ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 as i spoke i wondered if it was a good idea to give her a weapon in her state . 
 i could very well find myself on the wrong side of the barrel . 
 `` why does it matter ? '' 
 her dejection was contagious . 
 in the back of my mind i knew that she had n't been like that when i first met her . 
 `` hey , i 'll be back . 
 i 'm going to look for your family . 
 got it ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 but that was n't enough . 
 `` got it ? '' 
 i said loudly . 
 that startled her and she looked up and once again examined my face with her eyes . 
 `` yes . '' 
 i do n't know what i 'd expected . 
 for her to look at me like what happened last night was an amazing event ? 
 that we now had a connection ? 
 yes i wanted that . 
 if she did n't , she was somehow a fool who could n't see reality for what it was . 
 i shut the door behind me and locked it . 
 it was for her own good . 
 i approached the cave slowly , hiding behind rocks until i came to the mouth . 
 i listened for some sign of life . 
 nothing . 
 i moved back to the satellite peak behind the cave and looked in the direction of paul and bill 's homestead . 
 a line was traced in the distant flat land . 
 the sleds . 
 unless i watched this path everyday there was no way i could get them . 
 i entertained leaving them alone . 
 no , they were running low on food and would soon be after me . 
 this was no time to be weak . 
 but i felt weak . 
 the land before me was desolate , a cemetery more than anything else . 
 no wonder jenny had looked at it once and stayed in the shack . 
 she was more human than i. please . 
 do n't . 
 the words rang in my head . 
 i felt the shock of melancholy ripple through my body . 
 yet i had , over and over again . 
 who was to blame ? 
 surely it could n't be my fault ? 
 but the look jenny gave me . 
 what was that ? 
 i felt coral 's ghost looking at me . 
 silence . 
 my thoughts got louder . 
 what a land . 
 what fruits could it possibly bear ? 
 i let my hands catch my face , as my head fell forward . 
 i cried . 
 sobbed uncontrollably . 
 it was a pathetic show , but without anyone around it did n't matter . 
 i needed the release . 
 poor jenny . 
 big lee and johnny . 
 the other family . 
 all dead . 
 i 'd massacred an entire family ! 
 taken the mother prisoner . 
 she must have thought i was horrendous . 
 a madman . 
 these thoughts circled around my head like vultures , each taking their turn to dive . 
 i tried to shake them off . 
 there was nothing anymore , i reminded myself ; there was no higher power , no group of peers to judge me . 
 i was alone and free . 
 besides , the blame could not be laid at my doorstep . 
 i 'd been attacked each time . 
 what else could i have done ? 
 a weak wind picked up , blew dry air against my skin . 
 it was chilly , odorless . 
 i wanted to see some weather . 
 something other than the bleak everyday-nothing that i 'd seen so far . 
 then the wind whipped around , and i smelled flesh , body odor . 
 not jenny 's sweet smell , but a dirty , grimy , manly smell . 
 i looked in the direction of the wind and stole a quick glance behind me . 
 i cocked my head ; an echo touched my ears . 
 someone was nearby . 
 i pointed my rifle in the direction of the noise . 
 silence again . 
 my heart beat against my lungs , almost worried me that it would make too much noise . 
 my stomach churned . 
 it was as if my body was rebelling against another encounter with people . 
 at the same time my mind focused on the land around me with a laser-like intensity . 
 i felt invincible , as if anything could come at me , and i would n't have flinched . 
 i saw one head appear , then a second one , then the sleds behind them . 
 they were halfway up the hill to the cave . 
 from their walk , movements , i knew it was paul and bill . 
 i wrestled with what to do . 
 carol and rebuilding a new world . 
 but there was also the wife and how i survived so far . 
 my mind clicked . 
 the threat they posed now seemed greater than any existential question i could ask myself . 
 it was more important to have them killed , and save myself , than to worry about how much anguish it would cause me to kill them . 
 they tried to kill me first . 
 i could n't expect to find peace with them alive . 
 i placed paul in my sights . 
 they were at least 400 meters away . 
 this was an untested rifle . 
 if i missed they could easily hide and launch some counter attack . 
 then i would n't be so lucky . 
 my handguns i 'd used several times now , and i knew that they were trustworthy . 
 i slid back from the edge of the peak . 
 crouching , i ran towards the mouth of the cave . 
 they would take at least a few more minutes , pulling those sleds , to get to the cave . 
 i slung the rifle over my shoulder , so it was behind me , and pulled out my two handguns . 
 i double-checked to make sure bullets were chambered . 
 i raised each gun up to my chest . 
 off to the left of the cave entrance , i waited behind a large rock jutting out from the hill . 
 every other second i 'd check behind me , check above me . 
 two minutes later , i wondered if i 'd misjudged which direction they were headed . 
 i looked behind me , tried to listen for some sort of dislodged rock falling down the hill . 
 but i could n't hear a thing . 
 my heart started to bang against my ribcage . 
 this is a trap , the voice said . 
 you need to get out and at least find higher ground . 
 find a place where you can shoot them from a long distance , and from where you can hide if anything goes wrong . 
 coming this close to them will only put you at risk . 
 fool . 
 i was about to turn and find refuge in the higher ground when the sliding sleds with matching footsteps crunched on the other side of the rock . 
 `` leave the sleds here , we 'll take the containers down , then bring them up one by one . '' 
 `` why do n't you stay here with the sleds . 
 i 'll get the water myself . '' 
 i could tell there was some tension in bill 's voice . 
 i glanced behind me one last time . 
 `` what 's been gettin ' to you bill ? 
 how can you fit through that hole ? 
 we 'll both go . '' 
 i heard some containers scrape against the sleds . 
 it was now or never . 
 i stepped out . 
 both arms extended with the handguns gripped tight . 
 my foot crunched under some rocks and paul looked up , startled . 
 i fired into his chest . 
 he looked shocked . 
 i fired again into his face . 
 the shock switched to nothing as he collapsed to the floor . 
 bill stared at me . 
 fear crept across his face , then an infantile acceptance , not of his fate but of me . 
 it made me pause for a second . 
 but in that second the voice chanted my doubts down . 
 he just lost a friend . 
 do n't make the same mistake as you did with the mother . 
 it 's not like he did n't try to kill you . 
 the last cogitation filled me with another second of hesitation before i pulled the trigger . 
 right in his stomach . 
 he doubled over . 
 i fired another shot into the top of his head . 
 he fell over in a funny position , his ass in the air , before he toppled over to his side . 
 it had to be done . 
 i walked over to paul . 
 checked his pulse . 
 nothing . 
 tapped his eyeballs . 
 nothing . 
 same with bill . 
 his face was nice , kind , like a child 's . 
 with one hand i covered his face with his shirt . 
 it exposed his belly , but that was better than seeing his face . 
 i followed their trail for a few meters then stopped and waited . 
 just to see if someone else was with or following them . 
 when i was certain there was no one . 
 i walked back to their bodies . 
 all i could hear was my heart beating . 
 all i could taste was blood in my mouth . 
 i tongued my gums . 
 blood flowed . 
 it tasted metallic . 
 good . 
 one by one i searched them for anything worth keeping , rolled them on to a sled , dragged them to the edge of the hill , and tipped them over . 
 i hid the sleds above the cave , partially covering them with ash and rocks . 
 i picked up a few containers and tied them to my backpack before walking back to the shack . 
 my heart had slowed down and i felt elated , like an invincible ghost . 
 this holy feeling worried me . 
 * jenny sat in the same place as when i 'd left . 
 i saw her and an anger grew inside me . 
 i did n't care about the previous night . 
 i wanted to see some appreciation for the other things i had done for her . 
 do n't be too firm . 
 i walked up to her and placed my hand on her shoulder . 
 the same dress , it even had my smell on it . 
 it was probably better not to tell her what had happened . 
 the look on bill 's face flashed across my mind again . 
 i felt weak . 
 i felt more human . 
 `` change , '' i said to her , shaking her softly with my hand . 
 her stolid look shook me out of my spell , and i lumbered outside to take a piss . 
 when i came back inside she had n't moved . 
 `` is there a toilet here ? 
 you said you rarely went out . '' 
 she pointed at some small bags . 
 i looked them over . 
 `` well no more wasting bags . 
 from now on you go outside and do your business , got it ? '' 
 her look was sharp . 
 empathy rose inside me . 
 i walked over to her . 
 she needed some kind of focus , then she would be able to get over this . 
 `` listen . 
 i do n't know what your problem is , but i 'm not your enemy . '' 
 another sneer . 
 i looked around the shack again . 
 it needed cleaning . 
 rearranging . 
 `` i ran into bill and paul . '' 
 no reaction from her . 
 `` i think they ran into big lee and your father . 
 i finished them off , but i could n't find your family . '' 
 i clasped my hand around her shoulder . 
 she nodded slowly . 
 i leaned in to hug her . 
 she stayed stiff . 
 `` sorry , '' i whispered in her ear . 
 i pulled back . 
 `` i said change , did n't i ? '' 
 i said in the softest voice i could manage . 
 she got up and pulled out another dress . 
 it was white with flowers , though still dirty . 
 she stared at me blankly for a few seconds before i got the message . 
 i walked away and started to arrange the cans in an orderly manner . 
 after a minute i turned to take her in . 
 the dress fell casually on her breasts , her hips . 
 it grabbed all the air from my lungs . 
 everything in me wanted to take her one more time . 
 it would n't matter would it ? 
 as far as i was concerned it did n't . 
 no one else in the world but the two of us . 
 be nicer , i thought . 
 i counted the ammunition remaining . 
 i would need more . 
 i decided that tomorrow i would head out to bill and paul 's place to fish for some ammunition . 
 i perked up trying to remember if there was anyone else with them . 
 they had n't mentioned any , had they ? 
 i paused my planning to take jenny 's curves in ; it filled me with raw energy . 
 she was beautiful , and she was mine . 
 new world , i reminded myself . 
 there was nothing that mattered but survival . 
 and in the most basic sense we were the last hope for the human race . 
 pure and simple . 
 she would come to understand that with age . 
 her eyes moved around the shack and rested on the place we slept the previous night . 
 the light peeking through the shack was turning sepia . 
 another gorgeous sunset . 
 i wanted to enjoy it with her . 
 `` listen , '' i said and strode over to her . 
 she sat on the chair with that grim look on her face . 
 i remembered that she was probably a teenager and still liable to fall into moods . 
 sooner or later she would come around . 
 i rested on my haunches , my face next to her knees . 
 `` are you thinking about your family ? '' 
 she nodded her head , some tears poured down her cheek . 
 i almost smiled . 
 it was n't something wrong with me . 
 she obviously was going through a tumultuous time . 
 i took her hands in mine and leaned forward to hug her as she shook . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 but i got the men who killed them . '' 
 `` are you certain they 're dead ? '' 
 she leaned back to take in my face . 
 again she studied me , like she was looking to poke through my mind . 
 i nodded , suppressing a smirk . 
 `` before i killed one he said as much . '' 
 `` you did n't say that before . '' 
 `` sorry . 
 they 're dead . '' 
 it was better i said it now and wait for her to get over the loss . 
 i glanced her over . 
 her cleavage peaked through the top of her dress . 
 she cried for a few more minutes . 
 let her face rest on my chest . 
 i felt like it was the best that i could get out of her . 
 i took her hand , led her outside , and sat us down on a rock with a vista of the land that was ours . 
 the sky had managed to outdo itself this time . 
 it bled orange , red and amber , over a sheet of cracked glass , each separate pane a slightly different color . 
 `` it 's beautiful , is n't it ? '' 
 she looked at me , curious , then nodded her head and rested her head on my shoulder . 
 her hand came down on my other side . 
 i felt calm and collected as the panes in the east slowly turned dark purple then black and spread to the west . 
 when it was done an evil blackness came over the land , and i felt cold . 
 i held her closer , and she hugged me back . 
 we went back inside , and i made us food . 
 after dinner , i laid out some other clothes for a makeshift bed and lay beside her . 
 `` we 'll have to get some work done . 
 you 're going to have to help . 
 all right ? '' 
 i said . 
 she nodded her head and buried it in my chest . 
 i pulled her tight , felt her curves with my hands . 
 `` how did you kill those two men ? '' 
 she asked . 
 the question seemed out of place . 
 her voice was filled with a certain hunger i could n't quite understand . 
 `` i shot them . '' 
 she looked me in my eye then studied my face . 
 it was an uncomfortable feeling . 
 `` how do you feel ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 i could still see bill 's face . 
 feel his presence in the room . 
 i could feel big lee 's words in the room too . 
 please ... do n't . 
 why burden her with that ? 
 `` nothing . 
 they were bad men . '' 
 `` have you killed men before ? '' 
 she asked . 
 your family . 
 `` no , '' i lied . 
 again she scrutinized my face . 
 could she tell in the small pauses , the fact that i took a nanosecond more to think , that i was lying ? 
 no , she was too young . 
 `` they were our only neighbors , '' she said . 
 `` how can you be certain ? '' 
 i said , trying to change the direction of the conversation . 
 `` pa said so . 
 he said there was no one around for miles . '' 
 `` well we ca n't be certain , there is a lot of exploring to do , '' i said . 
 i had the plan in my head . 
 each day pick a direction and walk . 
 i had to find soft soil . 
 i had to find a way to live . 
 the rations around us would n't last more than a year , if we were lucky . 
 i wanted to find a place that was well hidden , better protected . 
 i also wanted to find people . 
 `` and you killed them . 
 the only other people . '' 
 she finally held eye contact with me for a few seconds before she shifted her gaze somewhere behind me . 
 what was she getting at ? 
 i wanted to dig into her mind . 
 now . 
 now . 
 now . 
 `` what are you trying to say ? '' 
 i nudged her . 
 `` that i should n't have defended myself ? '' 
 `` you were defending yourself ? '' 
 she asked . 
 her voice strained with doubt . 
 `` yes . 
 do you think they gave your family a chance ? '' 
 `` one man ca n't kill two people unless he surprises them . '' 
 she stayed silent . 
 i did too . 
 `` i did . '' 
 my voice cracked as i said it . 
 she moved her body away from me . 
 though it was only a few inches , the distance scared me . 
 as if i was on the edge of a cliff , wind whipping on my back . 
 how could i possibly get to her ? 
 did she know the lie about her family ? 
 could she sense the killer inside me ? 
 this was n't fair . 
 she had to be on my side . 
 we were the only two people left . 
 we had nothing but each other . 
 why did n't she see that ? 
 `` listen , '' i waited for her to look at me . 
 `` could you please tell me what 's going on with you ? '' 
 she looked at me . 
 `` i do n't know , '' she said . 
 `` please understand that i am trying to help . 
 would you rather i leave ? '' 
 nothing . 
 but her eyes seemed to jump at the thought . 
 `` is that it ? 
 what will you do ? 
 who will protect you ? 
 you think the next men that find you will to be nice to you ? '' 
 i drew in some air . 
 `` we are the only people around , so we need to stick together . '' 
 i looked for her hands . 
 `` i know the land looks daunting , but there 's hope . 
 we have a chance to make something here . 
 sooner or later we 'll find people and we can build something together . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 she did n't reply . 
 the next day , using the hills as cover , i took her to bill and paul 's container . 
 the walk took a few hours . 
 i went inside first , searched everything . 
 they had dug out several different chambers for themselves . 
 i grabbed as much ammunition as i could , gave a load to jenny and headed back . 
 it took a few days going back and forth to clear their place out of everything useful . 
 their food doubled our rations . 
 they had kerosene lanterns , batteries , radios , grenades , a machine gun with several belts , tripwires , oil , generators , filters , knives , acetylene torch , steel beams , other survival items , and books ; books on survival , on growing , on surviving a nuclear holocaust . 
 i wondered if this literature was based on actual knowledge . 
 when we transferred everything , i made another decision to move to the cave . 
 the shack was too small . 
 jenny seemed all right with the move , if a little recalcitrant . 
 every time i said something , she would listen , do a task but stayed away from looking at me or speaking a word . 
 i let her be . 
 she needed to mourn her family . 
 and now , more than ever , i felt a strong connection to her , as if we were finally a couple . 
 * `` i 'm going to burn down their place tomorrow . 
 we got everything we wanted from it , '' i said . 
 we were sleeping together in the cave . 
 i 'd managed to cover the entrance so that it was hidden . 
 i 'd glued rocks on a metal sheet for a door . 
 someone might have found it if they looked closely , but for the most part the concealment was perfect . 
 the cave was now home . 
 and i hoped that being away from the shack would help her forget her family quicker . 
 i threw the blanket away as well . 
 better to eliminate the evidence of that night . 
 `` why ? '' 
 she asked . 
 her words startled me . 
 spoken softly , they broke her silent cocoon like a sledgehammer . 
 i could smell her clothes , her sex . 
 i wanted her , but i did n't want her to contradict me , or ask too many questions . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` i mean did n't you say you wanted to build something in the world ? 
 how can you do that if you 're burning things down ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` yes , we 'll build things soon , but that place could become a hiding place for our enemies , '' i said . 
 her glare made me feel like an insect . 
 `` how do you know there 's anyone around ? '' 
 `` i do n't . '' 
 her questions were angering me . 
 `` besides maybe the fire could attract people as a signal , '' i said as the thought came to me . 
 `` but you just said they could be our enemies , '' she said , feigning patience . 
 i fought the urge to shake or slap her . 
 i was not a monster . 
 `` okay we wo n't burn it . '' 
 `` you can do what you want . 
 i was only asking . '' 
 she turned away from me . 
 i spent the rest of my night staring at her back and the black emptiness that was our cave . 
 it felt so cozy . 
 that feeling turned into a sense of injustice at the cards that i had been dealt . 
 i had n't asked to be attacked . 
 self-defense had been my only choice . 
 i could n't explain that to her anymore . 
 if she ever found out that she was with the man who killed her family , she would certainly end me then and there . 
 jenny agreed to come with me . 
 she scared me when she pulled out a rifle and filled it with ammunition with a learned smoothness . 
 she was better with guns than i was . 
 the thought frightened me -- she could kill me any time she chose , as my guard was always down around her -- and also filled me with hope -- she had n't tried to kill me yet . 
 why ? 
 with another handgun tucked under her dress , she came along with me . 
 the hills were rocky , a tortuous up and down . 
 `` we 'll sleep here , '' i said and pointed to some rocks . 
 we 'd been walking for almost an entire day . 
 jenny had once again reverted to silence , and stared at the place my finger aimed at . 
 that all the space she touched seemed to come to life , that i hoped to be in her good graces again , made me realize that i loved her . 
 the romantic in me still wanted to fall on my knees and ask her forgiveness . 
 the voice , the one that threw my eyes to every shadow and place where the wind rustled , told me never to try such a thing and show weakness . 
 it had a point . 
 her silence was driving my mind to spin . 
 i had to leave her . 
 `` i 'm going to check out the surrounding area , '' i said and walked off over a rise in land . 
 we had come to stop in a saddle between two satellite peaks . 
 the ground here was as dirty and rocky as anywhere else . 
 i kept an eye out for plant shoots . 
 waiting to see if life was slowly rearing its head , but i could n't see anything . 
 i walked up one peak , sat down and listened . 
 the suns rays were getting weaker , and soon darkness would crash all around me . 
 i looked at the overcast sky and realized that it was n't lighting up like it usually did . 
 i smelled the air . 
 nothing . 
 it was depressing . 
 i could n't smell soil ; i could n't smell myself ; the only sound was a distant wind carving up the world like it had done before mankind and it would do long after us ; it would only stop when the atmosphere burned up and drifted away as the sun turned into a red dwarf . 
 what was i striving towards here ? 
 a life with jenny ? 
 so our kids could grow up in a land like this with no hope -- or the slim hope that there was another group of people out there ? 
 then when the possibilities were exhausted , would they revert to incest ? 
 what a life . 
 it would be mercy to end that right now . 
 and for all that , i knew a smile from jenny would change my mind in a heartbeat . 
 and what if we found a group right now ? 
 would they accept us ? 
 i walked back down and up to the next satellite peak . 
 this one was more of a dark brown color . 
 i kicked the rocks . 
 it was the same as before . 
 nothing could grow in this hard soil . 
 the sky was still overcast and only lost its light as the sun set . 
 the lack of color only added to my sense of loss and i walked back to jenny . 
 jenny was under the blanket when i returned . 
 `` you eat ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` not hungry . '' 
 i did n't push the matter , as it was better to save some of our rations . 
 i lay down next to her . 
 tried to push my body towards hers . 
 no reaction . 
 `` the sun did n't light up the sky . 
 depressing , is n't it ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` why ? '' 
 sometimes her questions were like a child 's . 
 they were getting tiresome . 
 `` you did n't like the sunset yesterday ? '' 
 `` i did . '' 
 `` then would n't you want to see that again ? '' 
 `` maybe . 
 does it matter ? 
 the sun will do what it wants and we 're still down here . '' 
 i nodded my head without meaning it . 
 i leaned over her to see her face better . 
 `` what is it that keeps you going then ? '' 
 `` nothing . '' 
 it was n't the answer i wanted from her . 
 `` what about the future of mankind ? '' 
 `` why should that bother me ? '' 
 i could n't reply . 
 why should it ? 
 `` do you believe in god ? '' 
 `` i did . '' 
 `` and now ? '' 
 she looked at me then touched my hand and pulled herself closer to me . 
 i could feel her breathing on my check . 
 it startled me . 
 her touch was a thousand sunsets . 
 we made love that night . 
 as best as people grinding on top of rocks could . 
 every caress of hers drove me further into a hole of happiness . 
 and i woke up with her head on my chest and the feeling of accomplishment on my mind . 
 i moved out from under the blanket and into the cold morning . 
 the air bit at me . 
 the sun cracked out from under the overcast sky near the horizon . 
 i walked in a circle , crouching , trying to see any footprints , other than ours . 
 we were alone . 
 i walked to the satellite peak and found a flat rock to sit on . 
 i looked down on the ground . 
 lifeless . 
 what i would have given to see a sign of insects crawling around . 
 did they only come out to eat the dead ? 
 what did natural selection have to say about that ? 
 that they would soon develop a taste for us ? 
 eat us in our sleep ? 
 i shivered at the thought . 
 jenny . 
 she would save me from all this . 
 i 'd treated her wrong that night . 
 but that had n't been me . 
 it was some animal that had allowed me to survive . 
 the only other people out there who had survived this far were lucky , killers , who knew better than to trust another soul that was trying to survive like them . 
 so what would happen in this new world ? 
 surely some agreement or truce would come from it ? 
 the more i thought , the more i wondered why i was trying to find other people . 
 would i want to ? 
 if all the population centers had been hit , which in a grand mutually assured strike they would have , then why was i trying to walk towards them ? 
 the only places that would n't have been struck would be places that were of no one 's concern . 
 correct ? 
 the united states and all other major players would have been wiped out , but places like the amazon would hold no value . 
 then i would have to go far away from population centers . 
 travel to or through central america . 
 i shook my head , spat on the ground . 
 watched my saliva as it sat there , an abomination on the otherwise pristine earth . 
 central america ? 
 that was my hope . 
 with the sleds we had enough food to get down there . 
 if it was untouched by nukes it would be filled with people . 
 perhaps people like bill , paul , big lee , and johnny . 
 people who had nothing more to do than be territorial . 
 i was unlikely to find someone as enlightened as i was . 
 if that was the case , all hope was lost . 
 besides , i did n't want to travel that far . 
 i had to make something here . 
 i got up as the sun floated higher in the sky , hidden behind the clouds , which seemed to be losing their thickness . 
 it was time to move and find something . 
 the thought of finding other people still jumped about my mind . 
 what would i do ? 
 as i walked down the peak , i took another deep breath . 
 the air had warmed considerably since i woke up . 
 a scent , something familiar , something that i had n't smelled in a very long time , hit me . 
 it was organic , but it was n't human . 
 soil . 
 not the barren soil between the rocks that i 'd smelled so far , but fertile soil . 
 soil that i 'd smeared across my knees a million times as a boy . 
 i trotted back to jenny who stretched with the blanket covering her legs . 
 `` jenny , you awake ? '' 
 she looked at me with half opened eyes . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 she smiled . 
 the smile caught me off guard . 
 could it be that she 'd forgiven me ? 
 that last night was n't just a moment of weakness ? 
 i grinned , eager for more . 
 `` do you smell that ? '' 
 she sniffed . 
 `` no , what is it ? 
 people ? '' 
 `` no , soil ! '' 
 her look evaporated , and she gave me a sympathetic look . 
 then she laughed . 
 `` soil ? '' 
 `` yes , soil , '' i said and chuckled . 
 her eyes sparkled . 
 this was all that mattered . 
 the rest of the world could smolder for the rest of eternity , all i needed was one more look like that from her . 
 `` soil that we can grow plants on . 
 i 'm sure of it . '' 
 she sniffed the air and nodded her head imperceptibly . 
 `` it does smell like that . '' 
 i started packing our things . 
 i did n't want to look her in the face anymore . 
 if i did , i was liable to break down in her arms . 
 her last words were encouraging . 
 they could 've been said to satiate me , or they could have been said in earnest . 
 both were good signs . 
 `` let 's see , '' i said . 
 we walked up the satellite peak and back down it . 
 the smell grew stronger . 
 it would drift away sometimes , we 'd change direction and it would return . 
 soon , near the bottom of the hill , close to where the plains stretched out , i saw a patch of mud . 
 green shoots sprouted out of it . 
 i focused on the patch of plants . 
 they looked like weeds , and the patch was about ten yards in diameter , but it seemed like a piece of paradise . 
 i took out my map and made a note . 
 we would leave it be for now and come back when the plants were older . 
 `` this shows that the world is growing again . 
 that we will soon be able to live normally , '' i said . 
 `` that we will be able to build ? '' 
 her tone felt like a punch . 
 had the size of the patch turned her off ? 
 i tried to ignore the comment . 
 only a minute ago she seemed full of life and now ... there was only so much i could take . 
 after all , i had decided not to burn down bill 's place . 
 `` we 'd better get going , '' i said , and placed the map in my pocket . 
 we marched back up to the ridge and continued towards the south . 
 two hours later we came upon a cliff face that could n't be scaled . 
 the wall was wrinkled with sleeves of orange rock . 
 we followed the base of the cliff until we found a path that cut up into the cliff face . 
 i did n't like the feel the path gave ; it put us at the mercy of anyone who was on top . 
 still , i could n't smell anyone or hear anything , so i figured it would save us some time . 
 we walked up this natural alleyway for half an hour . 
 each time i looked back i could see more and more of the land . 
 the shape of our hill , where our cave was located , stood a distant reminder that we had something to go back to . 
 that 's when i heard the voices . 
 multiple low voices echoing down the path we were walking up . 
 there was no place to hide . 
 we could 've run back from where we came , but if they wanted , they could mow us down . 
 there was no choice . 
 my heart jumped into my throat . 
 i looked at jenny who grabbed a hold of my sleeve . 
 the voices were clearer now . 
 men . 
 i pulled out my rifle from my back and held it . 
 jenny did the same . 
 her other hand checked her hidden handgun . 
 then i glimpsed the men as they walked down towards us . 
 they did n't have the slightest hesitation in their strides . 
 all laughed and talked to one another as if no one would ever hear them . 
 i looked above us to see if anyone was checking their flanks . 
 there was n't any movement . 
 my heart slowed down . 
 i could handle them . 
 jenny shuffled her feet . 
 her breathing increased , and she looked at me and gave a small smile . 
 i smiled back . 
 i would be fine , as long as she was on my side . 
 four men . 
 no one else behind them . 
 at least the odds were n't bad . 
 assuming jenny did her part too . 
 i could smell their body odor and unchanged underwear from twenty yards away . 
 they were so engrossed in their conversation that they did n't notice us until they were ten meters away . 
 `` hello . '' 
 i raised my hand . 
 my voice scattered their thoughts as they looked at me , then jenny , then pulled out their rifles . 
 `` easy , '' i said . 
 `` i have no problems , i just want to pass . 
 me and my wife , '' i glanced up and back behind us . 
 no one . 
 the men looked at each other , still shocked . 
 they were lean , dressed in black . 
 though the black was more from dirt than actual dye . 
 the two on the flanks seemed the youngest . 
 they kept looking at the other two for what to do next . 
 of the two in the middle , the one on the left was old , fifties maybe , while the one to the right was thirty . 
 all looked they were in the same family , with sharp noses and chins that pointed to the same point in front of their faces . 
 finally the oldest one spoke up . 
 `` you say you want to get past us ? '' 
 though his tone was uncertain , there was a level of anger and contempt in it . 
 `` yes , please , '' i said . 
 `` what business do you have here ? '' 
 the old man 's said , louder and angrier . 
 i could hear his twang . 
 `` well . 
 we were hoping that we could find people . 
 to trade with . 
 to talk to . '' 
 i looked over at jenny who seemed to be annoyed . 
 `` are ya 'll alone ? '' 
 `` we have more people , '' one of the younger ones said with a fearlessness that was troubling . 
 `` plenty more people . 
 you ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 there was no need to lie . 
 i had to try to reach out to these people . 
 `` but we come as friends . '' 
 they all cackled together . 
 it reminded me of big lee . 
 please ... do n't . 
 was this how it was always going to be ? 
 anger bubbled up inside me . 
 `` is that so ? 
 well we do n't , '' the old man barked . 
 `` throw your gun down . 
 you too sweetheart , '' he said and smiled at jenny . 
 `` you 'll be fine with us . 
 we 're just going to take you with us . '' 
 jenny threw her weapon down and i felt sad , betrayed , as if there was n't anything else for me to do . 
 if i lost her what else was there ? 
 `` i ca n't do that , '' i said . 
 `` the hell you ca n't . 
 we out number you four to one . 
 give us your woman , throw your weapon down , and we 'll send you back where you came from . '' 
 i did n't believe him . 
 once my weapon was down i would be dead . 
 he had every reason to kill me , and none to let me live . 
 `` all right , '' i said and lowered my rifle . 
 `` lower your guns first . '' 
 my chest felt weak . 
 the old man gave a signal and the rest of them lowered their weapons . 
 i kneeled down , setting my rifle on the ground . 
 i looked at jenny who turned to me and gave me a wink , then mouthed : one , two . 
 she stepped back to my right , her left hand on the handgun under her dress . 
 i reached for my two handguns , pretended to stumble forward then flashed them out , firing at the older men in the middle . 
 it was a wise choice . 
 the two men in the middle were the first to raise their rifles and my bullets landed with comforting thuds on their chests . 
 i fired three more shots into the two men . 
 their rifles fell out of their hands . 
 in my periphery i saw the two young men jump back , then raise their rifles . 
 i shot the one to the left and he stumbled back . 
 i heard another shot go off and saw that jenny had shot the last young man right in the face . 
 he collapsed , a lump of flesh . 
 i moved towards the men , fired into the two old men 's heads as i stepped over them and walked to the young man i 'd shot . 
 he took shallow breaths as he scratched his chest . 
 i kicked the rifle out of his hand and picked it up . 
 i was calm , a monk who had attained nirvana , not a care in the world . 
 i pointed the rifle at his face . 
 `` how many more are there ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he shook his head . 
 i pointed the rifle at his knee and fired . 
 he screamed . 
 i pointed it at his balls . 
 `` it can be slow or quick . 
 how many ? '' 
 `` three ! '' 
 he spat out blood . 
 he was young . 
 blue doe-eyes , skinny but with some baby fat on his cheeks . 
 `` who ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` my mom , sister , dad . '' 
 `` no one else ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 he was too scared to tell a lie -- i was sure of that . 
 `` how far ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` do n't hurt them , please . '' 
 `` i wo n't . 
 i promise . '' 
 i jammed the gun into his balls . 
 `` about a mile away . '' 
 he strained to keep his eyes open . 
 `` some water . 
 please . '' 
 please ... do n't . 
 big lee 's last words rushed back to me -- what had he meant ? 
 do n't kill him ? 
 or was he trying to warn me away from jenny ? 
 that possibility ran through my intestines like a rock , and my visual field bent , as my equilibrium was lost . 
 i crouched unto my haunches . 
 i reached for my canteen and unscrewed it . 
 then i handed him the water . 
 he drank the whole thing . 
 `` that was good . '' 
 he licked his lips , a child-like smile spread on his face as if there was a secret he could n't hold back . 
 i looked around again to make sure there was n't anyone else . 
 `` anything else ? 
 have you met any other people ? '' 
 `` no one friendly , '' he said . 
 i bent over his face to hear him ; his voice cracked . 
 `` other people always try to take from us , '' he said and stopped to swallow , then grimaced . 
 `` beware . '' 
 `` beware what ? '' 
 he started to spasm . 
 `` please , it hurts . 
 everything hurts . 
 make it quick . '' 
 my zen-like state evaporated . 
 he was brave . 
 even i could see that . 
 i pointed the rifle at his face , and he closed his eyes . 
 i leaned my head back and pulled the trigger . 
 blood , skull and brain splattered on the ground . 
 i surveyed the bodies at my feet . 
 none moved . 
 jenny stood staring at the bodies , her mouth open . 
 she 'd done well , made me proud . 
 i walked up to her and took her hand in mine . 
 `` jenny ? '' 
 she was staring at the bodies like she 'd stared at the blanket on which we first had sex . 
 `` jenny , please do n't look . '' 
 i placed my hand on her cheek and pulled her face towards mine . 
 `` i killed him . '' 
 `` you had to . '' 
 `` i killed him . '' 
 she was not as tough as i hoped . 
 she could shoot straight but that was it . 
 the mother i 'd killed earlier that week was made of more resilient material . 
 jenny was a gentle flower ; i should have kept her at home . 
 but , i reminded myself , if i had n't i would be dead . 
 `` we have to get going . 
 do n't look , '' i said and picked up her rifle , placed it in her hand . 
 there had been too many gunshots . 
 if the others were a mile away they would have heard something and be coming soon . 
 i led her some way up past the bodies . 
 told her to wait and went back to strip them of ammunition . 
 my backpack was already heavy , but that was fine with me . 
 i packed two of their rifles and pulled the other two apart , exposing the bolts and firing pins , and threw those as far as i could . 
 then i ran back to jenny who stood teetering . 
 i took her hand and walked her out of the orange-rock-alleyway that now stunk of blood and flesh and shit . 
 once we got to higher ground there was a narrow trail that led around a cylindrical four hundred foot peak . 
 the land here was an orange-brown color , and there were n't many other choices but the narrow trail . 
 i led jenny down the path until it opened up on the other side of the peak . 
 here the ground dropped off rapidly . 
 in front of us , i could see a couple of shacks that lay in a natural divot under the shadow of the peak . 
 i moved back behind a large rock with jenny . 
 she looked scared of me . 
 `` are you going to hurt them ? '' 
 she asked . 
 what could i say ? 
 `` i do n't know . 
 if they find those bodies they 'll come after us . 
 we wo n't be able to hide . 
 always looking over our backs . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 i said . 
 they would n't forgive me . 
 looking in her eyes i knew that she would n't either . 
 she shook her head . 
 i could see the child with moods had returned . 
 there was n't going to be a way into her mind , but i had to try . 
 the night before had been so sweet . 
 `` i have to go and at least see what 's going on . 
 you stay here . 
 okay ? 
 if some one comes fire in the air once . '' 
 i took her hands , but they were limp . 
 i wanted to beat on her chest and wake her up from her little world . 
 this was real life , and she needed to face it . 
 please ... do n't . 
 i left her and entered the depression with shacks , three clustered around a central area that had the burn marks of a fire pit . 
 my eyes adjusted to the shadows . 
 the walls of the surrounding rock rose up ten feet on all sides -- a perfect sanctuary . 
 the smells of life were everywhere . 
 voices came from a shack ; one was low , calm . 
 there was a plot full of budding plants not too far away . 
 i backed into a dark corner . 
 the entire compound was about twenty by twenty yards wide . 
 i watched as a father came out with his wife . 
 behind them was a little girl . 
 three , like the boy had said . 
 i raised my rifle . 
 was this the only way into the future ? 
 if i took this step there would be no turning back . 
 bill 's face , innocent like a child flashed . 
 had he let me live ? 
 i would never know . 
 please ... do n't . 
 what had i become ? 
 and if this was what it took to survive , to live long enough to pass on my genes to my offspring , did i want it ? 
 but jenny -- the look in her eyes -- was all i cared about . 
 please ... do n't . 
 what a choice . 
 * jenny was right where i left her . 
 `` let 's go , '' i said and reached for her hand . 
 she pulled her hand away from me . 
 her eyes were blank . 
 that frightened me . 
 i would rather have seen the passion of anger than that . 
 we walked back , past the bodies , through the night , stumbled over rocks until we were back in our cave . 
 she went inside and fell asleep . 
 it was dawn , so i stayed up and marked what was what on the map . 
 i looked at the horizon we 'd just come back from . 
 there was nothing , not a speck . 
 i looked in the other direction . 
 nothing again . 
 i went back to the cave and rearranged some metal sheets so we had rooms , a place for the shower . 
 i drew a contraption that could provide showers for us . 
 i missed jenny 's smile . 
 and i wished that i had n't killed bill and paul . 
 and all the others . 
 and what would death be but a sweeter caress than what i 'd experienced ? 
 as evening came i went back in the cave and watched jenny sleeping . 
 she crouched in the fetal position and mumbled in some far away dreamland . 
 her face crunched up and i lay down beside her and placed my arm over her . 
 she rolled around and placed her head on my chest . 
 this affection jolted my heart , then stroked my insides like a mother . 
 i felt proud , happy . 
 she had forgiven me . 
 i closed my eyes and fell into a deep sleep . 
 in the cool of my dreams i ran into carol , she smiled and admonished me for not waiting for her . 
 how ? 
 i begged . 
 there was nothing else i could have done . 
 always going off on your own . 
 she shook her head . 
 i reached for her hand and she vanished . 
 bill took her place . 
 what happened ? 
 you tell me . 
 i did what i had to do . 
 did you ? 
 he ran at me with a shotgun and vanished . 
 big lee appeared and ran after me ; i ran as fast as i could , and when i turned he looked down on me . 
 then i was on him . 
 please ... do n't . 
 do n't what ? 
 you know . 
 you were going to die anyways . 
 you were trying to kill me . 
 please ... do n't . 
 i woke up and realized that jenny was n't next to me . 
 grabbed a kerosene lantern , lit it , and looked around the cave , but she was n't in there . 
 i walked outside and searched around . 
 i could n't see her , but by her smell i could tell she was near . 
 i looked up and saw her on the peak above the cave . 
 i ran . 
 when i came to where she was , my lungs hurt from the exertion . 
 she was standing on the edge of the cliff . 
 the drop off was several hundred meters high . 
 it spoke softly to me , to her . 
 `` jenny , you scared me . 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 i asked and looked into her eyes . 
 cool , lifeless . 
 my heart lurched into my guts . 
 `` i ca n't forget him . 
 the man i killed . '' 
 `` you should n't think that way . 
 you could n't help it . 
 self defense . '' 
 i tried to reach for her , but she avoided my grip . 
 `` i ca n't stop thinking about it . 
 how can you do it ? '' 
 `` do what ? '' 
 `` kill like you did . 
 so well , '' she said . 
 i was n't certain if the voice belonged to jenny . 
 everything seemed like part of the previous dream . 
 only the cold air seemed real . 
 `` i do n't do it well , '' i said . 
 `` you did . 
 and i saw you with that boy . 
 you enjoyed it , torturing him , watching him die . '' 
 that was n't fair . 
 i had n't . 
 i only suppressed what was a weakness inside me . 
 how could she think such a thing ? 
 i looked into her eyes and saw how much she hated me , was scared of me , saw nothing to love in me . 
 the bottom of the cliff welcomed me . 
 `` i did n't ... '' was all i could manage as a defense . 
 `` we had to do that . 
 they did n't want peace . '' 
 `` i ca n't live like this . '' 
 `` but you have to . 
 we 're the only ones . '' 
 `` so what ? 
 what if we are the only ones ? 
 why go on ? '' 
 `` because we have to , '' i said again , more to convince myself than anything else . 
 `` we are all there is . '' 
 i realized then that the reason i could see everything was that the stars and the moon were out . 
 the overcast sky was gone . 
 a sign of the better times to come ? 
 `` see ? 
 the sky is clearing , soon things will improve . '' 
 `` and everyone we meet will try to kill us , '' she said and examined me with a sad face like i could n't understand . 
 i should have implored her that my love for her was real , but i could n't . 
 something in me was still ashamed . 
 `` what about us ? '' 
 i said . 
 her look turned to disdain , then to horror . 
 she took a step and disappeared . 
 ### dear reader . 
 thank you for taking the time to read this book . 
 i do hope that it was enjoyable . 
 i would greatly appreciate it if you could return to where you got this book and write a review so that other readers may properly gauge this book . 
 as always , you can contact me at nlowhim@gmail.com or twitter @nlowhim if you have any questions or wish to discuss something . 
 look forward to hearing from you . 
 thanks again ! 
 -- nelson lowhim other books by the author -lrb- along with the sequel to this book ! -rrb- 
 : when gods fail ii the struggle trilogy tree of freedom satan 's plea click here to sign up for more of lowhim 's books and upcoming deals ! 
 about the author : nelson lowhim was born in tanzania where he lived for the first decade of his life . 
 he then lived in india for a year before finally settling in the u.s. in the state of michigan . 
 he spent some of his formative years hitchhiking and hiking around the great state of alaska . 
 from there he joined the army and served for seven years as an infantryman in 1st ad then as an engineer in fifth group . 
 after his time in the military -- which included many travels through europe and the middle east -- he came to new york and earned an undergraduate degree from columbia university . 
 he currently lives with his girlfriend in the bronx . 
 connect with me online -lrb- and tell me what you think -rrb- : twitter : @nlowhim smashwords : http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/nlowhim my blog : http://nelsonlowhim.blogspot.com/ facebook : http://www.facebook.com/nlowhim 
