 the night budda got deep in it ron d smith copyright © 2012 ron d smith smashwords edition all rights reserved . 
 for harold and joyce , who did their best with what i gave them to work with . 
 1 budda finished the plastic-sheathed copy of oliver twist and jammed it into his overstuffed backpack . 
 the book would n't be due back at the school library for another week , but he already considered it stolen , because he would never return to kirkwood high . 
 he had never pilfered anything before . 
 never so much as broken curfew . 
 and now he was running off to kentucky . 
 with a stolen book . 
 with money he thieved from his brother . 
 my , what a rebel he had become . 
 the library book had more or less engaged him until the end , though budda could have made do with half as many words -- a good portion of which could have been swahili , for all he knew . 
 he 'd only decided to read the book to look and feel smarter , though that objective had n't been met . 
 budda fantasized about a dickens spin on his own story , one where a mysterious benefactor or long-lost relative would rescue him from his crummy life . 
 or , at least , what passed for crummy in the mind of a kid who felt oppressed by his loathsome big brother and fretful father . 
 he met the basic requirements . 
 he never met his birth parents , and he was running away from the one who raised him . 
 budda could envision destiny leading him to reunite with the parents he never knew , or possibly a rich , doting relative who would support him for life . 
 never mind that budda had never been to kentucky and knew no one there except for addie . 
 and never mind that his family life was n't as bad as he imagined . 
 try to convince a 15-year-old differently when he has his mind made up , and see how far you get . 
 no oliver twist ending for budda . 
 his birth mother , who gave him up when he was a day old , overdosed in the sikeston motel 6 . 
 her body was in full hypostasis when the manager discovered her the next day , a crust of vomit on the carpet where her face lay . 
 if she were still alive , she could n't have sworn on a gideon who budda 's biological father was . 
 at best , she could narrow the list to three lamentable candidates -- give her that much credit -- but none of them had rich relatives or were prone to doting on anything other than a bottle of old grand dad . 
 budda 's parentage was missouri dead-end hill trash to the core . 
 his adoptive family , even the oafish brother he hoped would someday lose a limb in a wood chipper , was quite a few steps above that . 
 budda 's birth mother , the one he called blood mama , had kept him company ever since his foster care days . 
 she rode with him now on the greyhound . 
 she was no ghost to budda , because she was still alive as far as he knew . 
 -lrb- the story of the motel 6 would have to wait a while . -rrb- 
 she was more like an invisible advisor , a constant presence who counseled him , though often wrongly , on every aspect of his life . 
 he knew nothing about the real blood mama , other than that her tweaking habit had kept her from keeping him . 
 he pictured her alive somewhere down in the boot-heel , working on getting her life straight . 
 budda would give her plenty of time to make the right ways stick , and then he 'd go find her , too , just like he was doing with addie . 
 it was blood mama who convinced him to give up on his family and to take after addie . 
 blood mama said his foster sister needed saving from something , though she had been short on specifics . 
 budda had a feeling blood mama was n't sure herself what the trouble was . 
 it did n't matter . 
 budda had pined for his sister since she had moved out . 
 once he found her and rescued her from whatever mess she was in , he would start a new life in kentucky . 
 it could n't be any worse than life in kirkwood . 
 blood mama currently advised budda on what he should do about his father . 
 do n't you think i should call him ? 
 budda asked . 
 you 'll just get him riled up more . 
 if you 're running away , you need to make a clean break of it , blood mama said . 
 i do n't want him to be worried . 
 you know how he is . 
 he 'll think somebody abducted me . 
 so you think he 'll quit worrying if he knows you run off from home and crossed three state lines to find the girl instead ? 
 just let him be . 
 i wo n't call him , but i should at least text him , budda said , thumbing the keys on his phone . 
 i wo n't say where i 'm going , but i 'll tell him not to worry . 
 well then , he 'll be sure to sleep sound tonight , wo n't he ? 
 budda usually listened patiently to what blood mama had to say , which took up a good deal of time , because the woman had an opinion on everything . 
 with all that listening , budda did n't have much time for talking . 
 the less he spoke , the dumber people thought he was . 
 budda did n't fight that perception , because he believed there was a good amount of truth to it . 
 he did n't remember anything about his first foster family , but he theorized he had been dropped on his head , because even simple ideas came alive in his brain only with great effort , as slow to ignite as rain-sated firewood . 
 budda did n't talk out loud to blood mama , but he sometimes moved his lips and even gesticulated when he got lost in conversation with her . 
 for that , kids at school thought he was n't only slow , but a bit off upstairs . 
 future wacko hobo material . 
 that did n't make him unique at kirkwood high , but it did n't guarantee a lot of prom dates either . 
 by the time the greyhound reached effingham , illinois , commercial bus travel had lost its appeal for budda . 
 his bony butt was not contoured for long trips , and this was the longest one he had been on . 
 even worse , the driver maintained an uncomfortably cold cabin . 
 budda shivered for much of the trip , because he had n't brought anything warm to wear -- it had been unseasonably mild for mid-october when he left st. louis . 
 proper preparation was not his strong suit . 
 according to budda 's phone , which was a scratch-and-dent , double hand-me-down nokia from his dad to his brother to him , it was a little after eight in the evening . 
 the aquamarine display flashed another text message from his father , which budda deleted without reading . 
 he turned off the audio alerts so he would n't be tempted to answer when his father called or texted again , which he would do repeatedly , because the man was most in his element when he had something big to worry about . 
 and this was a whopper . 
 it soon would n't matter how often his dad tried to reach budda . 
 the nokia 's battery was on its last bar , and he had neglected to pack its charger . 
 in a span of a few hours , budda would visit three states that were new to him . 
 he had never been to illinois until that night , even though he lived only twenty minutes the other side of the mississippi . 
 he 'd always imagined illinois was just like east st. louis from border to border . 
 he had heard enough stories about the city across the river that he pictured it as an endless string of beer and shot bars , low wattage strip joints , and condemned two-stories that had transformed into crack houses . 
 he also believed psycho killers prowled for innocent teenagers in every dark alley . 
 budda came by these ideas through his father , who had warned budda and lando about the atrocities that awaited them in the land of lincoln . 
 `` do n't ever , ever cross that bridge , '' dad said . 
 `` it 's easy to get lost over there . 
 if you do , i 'm afraid i 'll never see you alive again . 
 your name and picture will be on the front page of the post-dispatch when they find chunks of you in some industrial waste dump . '' 
 what a sunny outlook the man had , yet budda had never doubted him . 
 until this night , budda had been the obedient son , the one who was never tempted to sneak across the river to that devil 's playground , or anywhere else beyond a two block radius of home . 
 now he had flushed away all that built-up trustworthiness , because he was overcome with the need to see addie , the only one in his family who had ever treated him like he had more going on upstairs than an earthworm . 
 the illinois that budda saw now was n't at all forbidden-looking , unless a guy was allergic to corn or other grain crops . 
 there was n't much to the illinois color palette , just monochromatic beiges as far as he could see , with not a stripper or crack whore anywhere in sight . 
 when the sanguine sun dropped past the meridian on its way to california , the landscape became speckled with the lights of remote farmsteads . 
 those must be some lonely people living out there , budda thought . 
 he hoped kentucky was n't like that . 
 he preferred suburbs like kirkwood with lots of lights , people , and signs to tell you where to go if you got lost . 
 budda switched to a different bus in indianapolis , which was not as full as the first one . 
 he regarded a girl about his age who sat near the front of the bus . 
 budda could n't make out what she looked like , if she was pretty or plain , but she was the only other young person on the trip , and she seemed much more acclimated to bus riding than budda did . 
 she got on , sunk into her seat like she was in for the long haul , and plugged in the ear buds to her ipod . 
 he admired and envied her lackadaisical demeanor , as though she had ridden a thousand buses just like this one and nothing could faze her . 
 conversely , he was sure all the other passengers knew just by looking at him that he was a novice at bus travel . 
 he was the one who could n't walk down to the street corner without his father wanting to put a tracking device on him . 
 budda mused about what he might say to the girl if given the chance . 
 he had never said more than a word or two to any girl other than addie , who was n't really his sister in a blood or legal way . 
 she had left the jessico home and moved back to a god-knows-where-hamlet in kentucky . 
 addie had told him the name of the place , saying it was near louisville , which she pronounced `` lou-vull '' , like the middle syllable was n't worth the effort . 
 budda remembered that part well , but he could n't quite grab hold of the name of addie 's hometown . 
 he was sure it was stuck in his memory , but buried in there so deeply that he could n't bust it loose . 
 that was another important detail he should have nailed down before he left st. louis . 
 taking a minute to scan the louisville area on google maps would have helped him summon up the name of addie 's town , but he did n't think of that . 
 that and the fact he did n't have his sister 's phone number would indicate that his journey would n't go well , but blood mama said budda was just being whimsical . 
 tomato/tomahto . 
 the bus pulled into the louisville station shortly after two in the morning . 
 budda could tell as the bus crossed the ohio river that louisville 's skyline was smaller than the one in st. louis . 
 he trusted that would make it easier to find addie . 
 he was for sure going to put everything he had into the effort , because he could never return to st. louis . 
 his brother would kill him the second he got back inside the front door . 
 budda did n't know what to do now that he was in louisville . 
 he had no plans for how to start looking for addie . 
 second thoughts started to creep into his head just as he was about to step off the bus . 
 do n't turn into a weenie on me already , blood mama said . 
 you 're not going anywhere but to find and rescue your sister . 
 i think this was a bad idea , blood mama . 
 i do n't even know where to find her , and you 're not telling me what trouble she 's in . 
 what if it 's something i ca n't get her out of ? 
 too late to think like that . 
 besides , you do n't have enough money for the bus ride back home . 
 i bet they have a western union here . 
 the one in st. louis did . 
 i could just have dad send me the money . 
 you 're not going back . 
 you got to go get your sister , blood mama said . 
 what if she does n't want to be gotten ? 
 this is n't the time for what-if 's . 
 you 've got to get off your rear right now and start looking before something real bad happens to her . 
 panic began to stir in budda 's gut . 
 if addie was in such a mess , others were more capable of helping her . 
 maybe he 'd call his dad after all . 
 blood mama stopped him before he could pull the phone from his backpack . 
 this is something only you can do , she said . 
 nobody else knows the girl like you . 
 the bus from indianapolis to louisville had been less than half full . 
 as soon as the passengers had departed and retrieved their luggage , they quickly dispersed into the city . 
 it was like the terminal had already closed for the night . 
 no one was inside but a woman who swept the lobby floor . 
 only budda and the girl from the bus remained in the lobby . 
 the girl asked the janitor if she could suggest any cheap restaurants nearby that stayed open late . 
 that 's the kind of question a smart girl would ask , budda thought . 
 `` there 's a big mcdonald 's up on broadway that stays open , '' the woman said , continuing to corral a pile of paper coffee cups and other trash with her broom . 
 `` it 's at second street , which is n't too far . 
 a cab ride would n't cost much . 
 there 's always one or two waiting out front . '' 
 `` i 'm not real excited about paying for another ride after i just paid for this one , '' the girl said . 
 `` do n't think about getting there on foot . 
 a girl your age ought not to be out walking alone at night , '' the custodian said , sounding more like a mother than a greyhound employee . 
 `` you go on and let the taxi take you . '' 
 unworried , the girl said , `` i can do just fine by myself . 
 this place 's a lot smaller than indianapolis . '' 
 `` maybe , '' the woman said . 
 `` but that does n't make it any nicer . 
 you stay alert to your surroundings . '' 
 the girl strode with confidence toward the exit , an old navy overnight bag swinging off her arm . 
 it dawned on budda that he had n't eaten since lunch at school . 
 he decided mcdonald 's was where he needed to go , too . 
 it might also be a good idea to keep an eye on the girl , in case she encountered any of those bad elements the greyhound woman warned about . 
 the girl walked up seventh street and then turned left at broadway where traffic was heavier . 
 budda wondered if downtown st. louis was just as busy at two on a friday morning . 
 he had never been there that late to know . 
 his dad strictly enforced a ten o’clock curfew on weeknights and ten-thirty on fridays and saturdays -- no exceptions . 
 the man fretted incessantly , like he still believed in the boogie man . 
 he would n't let budda , lando , or any of the foster kids that had come through their rambling three-story home , play in the backyard unless he could watch them . 
 he said you never knew when a rampaging maniac would come smashing through their privacy fence and carry them off . 
 and then who would be sorry ? 
 this remained the man 's dreadful outlook , even though budda was approaching six feet and lando was five-ten and pushing hard against 275 pounds . 
 if anyone needed to worry about being carried off , it was their five-six , 140-pound father . 
 the parade of foster kids , many of them used to much more lax living environments , hated the house rules even more than budda and lando did . 
 addie bristled most . 
 `` i get no privacy around here , '' she said . 
 `` it 's gotten to where he 's standing guard outside the bathroom when i take a pee . 
 he knocks on the door and asks if i 'm okay in there . '' 
 `` it 's for our own good . 
 he 's just trying to keep us all safe , '' said budda , parroting what he had heard dad say many times . 
 as an adoptee who took his father 's last name , he felt it necessary to defend the man to his temporary siblings . 
 `` nobody can guarantee anyone 's safety , '' addie said . 
 `` if the boogie man chooses to come after you , a 43-year-old environmental engineer in tie dye and granola sandals wo n't do much to scare him off . '' 
 until addie came to live with them , budda had n't felt suffocated by his father 's relentless fretting about imagined dangers . 
 lando often complained about their father too , but then , he was a chronic complainer . 
 budda had tuned him out a long time ago . 
 with addie , budda began to see things differently . 
 any time budda broke a rule , even something harmless like reading a comic book in bed after lights out , he was overcome with guilt for days . 
 but addie had a different type of conscience . 
 she ignored curfew , ate what she wanted when she wanted , and came and went from the house as she pleased . 
 she did n't always come home alone either . 
 budda was certain that she had sex with at least two different boys in her room when their parents were away . 
 and she got away with it . 
 an orange rear-loading garbage truck rumbled to a halt along the curb just ahead of budda . 
 a man in a backwards atlanta baseball cap hopped off the back , thwacked off the lid to a public trash can and dumped its contents in the crusher . 
 as the truck geared up and moved past budda , he spotted a brown stream of stale beer and other ooze leaking from the back corner of the truck , right where the man rode . 
 my lord , you could never get me to live in this place , blood mama said . 
 too much stinky-stink . 
 budda had to agree . 
 he was n't getting a pleasing first impression of kentucky . 
 but his ride across illinois taught him that he should hold off on making any snap judgments . 
 it 's just normal city smells , he said . 
 you 're an expert on all things urban all of a sudden ? 
 just keep your eyes on what you 're doing . 
 there 's bound to be all sorts of nasties out on a mild night like this . 
 i ca n't wait until we get out of the city and into the country where the girl is . 
 blood mama was n't helping budda conquer his fear of the strange city . 
 few people occupied the sidewalks , but anyone of them could hide a weapon . 
 he closed his gap behind the girl to about twenty feet . 
 after another block along broadway , the girl turned abruptly , with something in her raised right hand that budda could n't identify in the shadows . 
 `` i got pepper spray , and i 'll use it on your ugly face if you come an inch closer , '' the girl said . 
 2 budda froze . 
 he did n't know what pepper spray might feel like on his ugly face , and he had no ambition to find out . 
 he was n't a big fan of pepper . 
 `` what you following me for ? '' 
 the girl asked . 
 `` thinking about pushing me into a dark alley and pulling my pants down ? '' 
 budda had thought no such thing . 
 without waiting for his answer , the girl pivoted and continued her trek , the spray tube clutched in her right hand like a grenade . 
 budda hesitated and then resumed following her , this time a little farther behind . 
 you got that girl thinking you 're some kind of sex pervert , blood mama said . 
 it 's a public sidewalk . 
 i 've got a right to use it just like her . 
 and she 's got the right to walk on it without you creeping up on her . 
 if you was a girl , you think you 'd like some stranger lurking behind you ? 
 i guess not , budda said . 
 but she did n't need to call me ugly . 
 do n't pout about it . 
 someday , you 'll grow into your face . 
 the glow of the yellow arches came into view . 
 budda was the only kid he knew who had never been inside a mcdonald 's before . 
 his father would n't allow it , saying mcdonald 's was representative of society 's decay -- a heartless corporation milking the life out of diabetic , increasingly obese americans who could n't resist a big mac combo meal . 
 budda did n't know what any of that meant -- he tuned out his father when he ranted about corporations -- except that he would n't be biting into a big mac as long as he lived under his father 's roof . 
 -lrb- lando , who let no parental dictate get between him and junk food , popped into the neighborhood mcdonald 's frequently to gorge on taboo quarter pounders . 
 he spent so much of his money there , it was a wonder they had n't mounted a framed picture of him next to the employee of the month . -rrb- 
 this louisville mcdonald 's looked like a late night gathering spot for everyone in the city who had no place else to go . 
 this included a good number of homeless and near-homeless , who spent their few coins and soiled dollar bills on an antidote to the normal soup kitchen and dumpster fare . 
 the lines at the counter were deep , giving budda plenty of time to study the overhead menu , a potpourri of fat and sugar in various combinations that would give his father a heart attack , and not just figuratively . 
 it was so difficult to choose something that he was frozen by indecision . 
 get a happy meal , blood mama suggested . 
 you used to like them when you were little . 
 you know i 've never been to mcdonald 's before , budda said . 
 sure you have , when you were with that foster family in festus . 
 you were so young you do n't remember it . 
 you 'd gobble down those fries so fast the oil would like to burn your tiny tongue . 
 i do n't remember festus . 
 you were only with that family a short bit before you got to kirkwood . 
 they treated you tolerable , but they had cats . 
 your nose was running the whole time you were there . 
 you hate cats . 
 after debating the merits and deficiencies of each value meal , budda 's sweet tooth won out . 
 he settled on two shakes , one chocolate and one vanilla , and deposited himself in one of the booths where he could see the entrance . 
 you never knew when addie might stroll into this very mcdonald 's . 
 the girl from the bus sat at a nearby table , quickly engulfing nuggets and fries . 
 in between chews , she talked on her phone while scowling at budda . 
 he reckoned she still regarded him as a predator . 
 he tried to focus on his shakes and to avoid catching her eyes , but he could n't help but look at her . 
 she was the only one he knew in louisville . 
 after a sip of each sickly-sweet , heavenly shake , budda took out all the paper money from his wallet and pressed it flat on the table . 
 he had a twenty , a ten and three ones remaining . 
 the twenty was a bit smudged and oily . 
 it disgusted him to imagine all the hands that had touched it before it got to lando . 
 from his pocket , budda counted seventy-two cents in change . 
 all told , it came to a bit less than he had thought . 
 addie would have to lend him more until he could find a job -- at a mcdonald 's maybe . 
 that would be his dream job , especially if the shakes were free . 
 he would have to look into the application process before he left to find addie . 
 once he got the business of saving her out of the way , they might get a place together in louisville . 
 he would need a job . 
 budda totaled the money a few more times , laying the twenty and the ten side-by-side , the three ones in a separate stack , and the coins in another group . 
 he would have to go easy on the spending in case it took him awhile to reunite with his foster sister . 
 budda surveyed the crowded dining area , which was a mix of the very tired and the very drunk . 
 the place was oddly quiet for all the people that were there . 
 whatever they 'd had to say that day had been said , and now they sat , even those in a group , in their private cocoons of thought . 
 the girl finished her meal quickly and strode over to budda 's booth and stood over him . 
 he was too uneasy to look up at her . 
 what if she was ready to make good on her threat to use the pepper spray ? 
 he quickly scooped up the money lying on the table and jammed it in his pants pocket . 
 `` i guess you got a boner for shakes , huh ? '' 
 she asked , nodding at the two cups in front of budda . 
 he blushed and stole a look at his lap to see if it was true . 
 `` my name 's baresha , '' she said . 
 `` does n't mean anything in case you 're wondering . 
 just some dumb name my momma thought up when she had me . 
 she said it just came to her when she shot me out . '' 
 it made budda uncomfortable to hear the girl talk so . 
 `` i 'm getting a job at a starbucks when i 'm old enough , '' she said , `` so i can be baresha the barista . 
 funny huh ? '' 
 budda looked up and smiled a bit , thinking it was kind of funny . 
 this was the first good look he had gotten of the girl . 
 the bridge of her nose was a bit wide , which made her eyes too far apart . 
 instead of thinking her homely , however , budda found her face appealing , even a bit exotic . 
 budda would n't have used such a word , though , which had a different meaning back home . 
 the only time he 'd seen `` exotic '' was on a business sign in one of the more questionable neighborhoods , the ones his dad said he should always avoid . 
 `` so you got a name or what ? '' 
 baresha asked . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` you think i 'm just taking a poll ? 
 i 'm wanting to know your name . '' 
 budda almost introduced himself by his detestable nickname , but here was someone who would never know about it . 
 he introduced himself as he wanted to be called . 
 `` my full name is kevin bowman jessico , '' he said . 
 `` i was born kevin bowman , but i got adopted by the jessico family , so now i 'm kevin bowman jessico . 
 you can just call me kevin , if you want . '' 
 do n't get too cozy with this black girl . 
 i did n't raise you that way , blood mama said . 
 you did n't raise me at all if i remember right , budda said . 
 me and this girl are just talking . 
 she 's kind of cute , though . 
 um hmm . 
 and while you 're seeing that nose doctor , ask if he can recommend a good eye doctor , too . 
 now , quit lollygagging and let 's go find the girl . 
 i will in a bit . 
 now leave us alone , will you ? 
 i ca n't concentrate with you yapping in my ear . 
 budda did n't often order blood mama away , and the surprise of it left her at a loss for words . 
 she sulked off without an argument . 
 baresha sampled budda 's vanilla shake without asking . 
 she followed that with a long drag from the other shake . 
 budda wondered if all girls from indianapolis had balls like her . 
 `` did you know mcdonald 's does n't use any real milk in its shakes ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` look at the menu . 
 they just call them ` shakes ' . 
 if the shakes here had milk in them , would n't they call them ` milk shakes ? ' 
 a kid at school told me they use some kind of cooking oil instead . 
 then they put a lot of sweetener in there to mask the taste . 
 he also said they use seaweed to make it thicker . 
 you believe that ? '' 
 budda was n't sure he did , but he did n't care . 
 the shakes tasted better than anything he 'd ever had before . 
 he 'd be making a lot more visits to mcdonald 's now that he was free of his father . 
 `` they taste good , '' he managed . 
 baresha agreed . 
 `` taste better than the ones my mom makes at home , and those got real milk and ice cream and everything . 
 wish they had butterscotch here , '' she said , effortlessly darting from one thought to another . 
 `` so everybody calls you kevin , huh ? '' 
 budda nodded , though it was n't true . 
 except for addie and his father , he could n't get anyone to call him kevin . 
 kids at school , if they acknowledged him at all , called him budda , thanks to lando , may he die a slow painful death . 
 when budda was eight , lando caught him at the open refrigerator , jamming a full stick of butter in his mouth . 
 budda had always loved butter , on anything or by itself , and he ate it every chance he could . 
 if he had been the self-analytical type , he may have wondered if he had been deprived of butter when he was in foster care . 
 all he knew was that he loved the taste . 
 budda had been a little chubby when he was younger , and lando started calling him butter butt after catching him at the refrigerator . 
 the name eventually got shortened to butter , which caught on with the other kids at the elementary school that both brothers attended . 
 before long , butter became budda . 
 he could n't shake the name in middle school and now in high school , because lando was right there with him to make sure of it . 
 the more he insisted on being called kevin , the more he became budda . 
 he occasionally had butter on bread at home if no one was watching , but he never ate it in public . 
 he figured that was why he had become so skinny . 
 `` i do n't know too many black girls in my school in st. louis , '' budda , surprising himself for saying it . 
 `` they do n't talk to me . '' 
 `` stunning . 
 but you got the white girls falling all over you , huh ? '' 
 baresha asked . 
 `` not them either . 
 but it does n't matter . 
 i do n't have much to talk to them about . '' 
 baresha returned to her table to retrieve her coke , the only part of her meal she had yet to finish . 
 `` mind if i join you ? '' 
 she asked when she came back . 
 it seemed a bit late to ask that , but budda nodded it was okay . 
 blood mama would n't like it , though . 
 baresha offered him her coke . 
 `` you want ? '' 
 budda shook his head . 
 `` i 'll be fine with my shakes . '' 
 he pondered what it was about the girl that made her easier than others to talk to . 
 maybe blood mama was right that she was n't traditionally pretty , but the angles of her face made it seem more open and friendly than the average girl . 
 attractive girls would normally lead budda to stammer if he could coax his mouth to utter any sound at all . 
 yet baresha seemed so at ease , like she and budda were old friends . 
 `` i was just giving you a hard time back there when you were following me , '' she said . 
 `` i 'd seen you on the bus . 
 you were talking to yourself . 
 i also knew you were listening when i asked where the mcdonald 's was . 
 you make yourself pretty obvious . '' 
 budda did n't know what she meant by that . 
 he was thinking hard about taking another sip of his shake -- either one -- but he 'd never used the same straw as a girl . 
 he 'd never used the same straw as anyone . 
 his brother had always made a big deal of it , never letting budda drink from the same cup or share a sandwich . 
 budda could n't understand what the big deal was , but he figured lando knew things about germs that he did n't . 
 he liked that baresha did n't have such worries . 
 `` i 'm here to meet a college boy , '' baresha said with obvious pride as she looked over her shoulder toward the entrance . 
 `` so if you see some hot-looking guy come in , that would for sure be him . '' 
 blood mama came back . 
 of course she 's here to meet a guy . 
 she 's just using you to entertain herself until then . 
 what of it ? 
 i thought you said she was ugly anyway . 
 never once used that word . 
 now do n't go acting like it do n't bother you that she 's here to see some college boy , because i can see it does . 
 she can see it , too . 
 you 're looking like one of them dogs with the pouty jowls and droopy eyes . 
 two college-age girls entered the restaurant . 
 baresha and budda heard the whoosh of outside noise when the door open and turned to look . 
 one of the girls wore a spaghetti strap top that revealed a red and blue butterfly on her right shoulder . 
 the other girl , whose top was too tight for her muffin top midriff , stopped halfway in the door to flick a cigarette on the sidewalk . 
 uninterested , baresha turned back to budda . 
 `` i called the boy i 'm meeting to come pick me up here , '' she said . 
 `` he 's nineteen , which makes him an all-out man , and i 'm going to spend the weekend with him . 
 we 'll have some serious fun . '' 
 `` you 've never seen him before ? '' 
 budda asked . 
 it surprised him to feel protective of someone he just met , but he could n't help himself . 
 `` this does n't sound like such a good idea , '' he said . 
 `` what if he turns out to be a child molester ? '' 
 some of his dad 's worrying had rubbed off on him . 
 `` we already know each other pretty well , '' baresha said . 
 `` we talk on the internet all the time . 
 and besides , i have n't been a child for years . 
 i know how to take care of myself , in case you 've already forgot about the pepper spray . '' 
 `` do your parents know what you 're doing ? '' 
 budda asked . 
 `` my mom would murder me if she found out , i can tell you that . 
 the school will call her tomorrow when i do n't show up , just like they always do . 
 that 's when she 'll know i skipped . 
 she 'll give me all kinds of hell when i go back , but i 'll just tell her i was staying over with a school friend for the weekend and my phone was out of juice . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` she 'll get over it . '' 
 baresha paused to study the soda cup on the table . 
 `` that 's if i go back . 
 this college boy might be worth staying for . '' 
 she looked up at budda . 
 `` how about you ? 
 what 'd you come here for ? '' 
 budda had barely heard what baresha was saying . 
 he focused on the drunken girls trying to place their orders . 
 they talked much louder than they needed to , like they thought they were pretty and were used to being noticed . 
 if they did n't get the attention they wanted , they got louder . 
 budda knew girls like them at school . 
 the employee behind the counter , about the same age as the girls , waited impassively for their orders . 
 budda could tell she did n't like them either . 
 the worker was plain , brown-haired and a bit chubby , but budda liked her . 
 he appreciated girls who did n't like pretty girls . 
 `` hey , boy , '' baresha said . 
 `` i just asked you a question . 
 how come you 're here in louisville ? '' 
 `` i 've come from st. louis to save my sister , '' he said , bringing his focus back to baresha . 
 `` as soon as morning comes , i 'll go try to find her . '' 
 `` what 's she need saving from ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure , '' budda said . 
 he was n't about to tell baresha about blood mama . 
 `` i 'm not even sure where she is exactly . '' 
 `` she 's not answering her phone ? '' 
 `` i do n't know her number . 
 i just know she moved back to this area where she 's from . 
 i 'll find her , though . '' 
 `` you came all the way here from st. louis -- to save her , you say -- and you do n't even know where she lives ? 
 that does n't sound too well-planned . '' 
 instead of being offended , budda appreciated baresha 's bluntness . 
 she was right . 
 it did n't sound too bright . 
 still , blood mama would n't like anyone questioning her wisdom for telling budda to come to kentucky with no plan for how to find addie . 
 sure enough , he could hear her in the back of his head . 
 she came all the way here for some creep she 's never met . 
 what 's that say about her iq ? 
 budda blushed . 
 `` i 'll find her , '' he repeated . 
 `` i do n't have much choice now that i 'm here . '' 
 baresha thought for a moment . 
 `` just in case you do n't find her , and just in case it does n't work out with my guy , we could meet back at the bus terminal sunday evening . 
 we could ride together as far as indianapolis , if you want . '' 
 budda barely caught what baresha said because he noticed a new customer , a sandy-haired runt of a guy draped in a red `` university of louisville '' hoodie . 
 when he entered , the munchkin eyed the two girls waiting for their orders at the counter , lingering on the backside of the prettier one . 
 he then scanned the dining area . 
 baresha was chattering on about the boy she had come to meet and how hunky he was . 
 the college kid , who might pass for a hunk among fourth graders , set his eyes on baresha and came over . 
 `` baresha ? '' 
 he asked , ignoring budda . 
 `` stuart ? '' 
 baresha asked . 
 without waiting for an answer , she hopped up and gave him a hug and a kiss on the lips . 
 she had to bend down a bit because stuart was shorter than she was . 
 budda could tell stuart would have a problem with that . 
 baresha bookended stuart 's face with her hands and squeezed his mouth into a pucker . 
 `` you 're even cuter than your picture . '' 
 she said , gushing over him like he was a toddler in oshkosh overalls . 
 stuart 's body language showed his disgust with any public affection . 
 budda knew this because he was n't a fan of it either . 
 stuart wriggled away from baresha 's grasp . 
 `` time to get out of here , '' he said . 
 budda reflexively jumped up and stood over stuart . 
 budda was rarely assertive . 
 he normally was the antithesis of it . 
 but he felt baresha needed this from him . 
 he stood a half foot taller than stuart , but his wispy physique would n't scare a rabbit . 
 budda had seen a tv show about how toads , when threatened , sucked air into their lungs to make themselves look bigger . 
 he inhaled as deeply as he could , but all it did was make his chest hurt . 
 budda 's meek attempt at bravado amused stuart . 
 he casually put his hands on budda 's chest and pushed him back into his seat . 
 `` what was that all about ? '' 
 baresha asked , delighted that two boys were posturing over her . 
 `` better ask the twit , '' stuart said . 
 feeling debased , budda would n't look up at baresha . 
 he stared at the table . 
 baresha grabbed her bag . 
 `` see you later , kevin . '' 
 she followed stuart , who was already headed out the door . 
 budda did n't know why she said she would see him later , because he did n't think that would occur . 
 he hoped she would be okay . 
 blood mama sat down in baresha 's seat . 
 that ai n't gon na end well . 
 budda agreed , but he did n't want to talk about it with blood mama , who sounded like a bad ending was what she itched for . 
 3 after baresha left , budda spent the rest of the dark hours making his shakes last as long as he could . 
 with that accomplished , he took a useless stab at sleeping . 
 the restaurant 's hard plastic seats were n't made to let a loiterer like budda get too comfortable . 
 customer traffic had lulled a bit , and began to pick up again around six . 
 blood mama kept bugging him to begin his search for addie . 
 he was wasting time , he knew , but he had no idea where to start . 
 he could wander the streets of louisville , hoping to run into her , but even he knew the chances of that were slim . 
 he saw a school bus pass by out the window and thought about what he would be doing at that hour if he were at home . 
 still sleeping , he concluded . 
 he never rose until the last minute , often having changed into his clothes for the new day the night before . 
 his clothes were wrinkled when he went to school , and his hair was disheveled . 
 it made no difference because he was anonymous . 
 budda was fine with that . 
 his brother was well known at school , but that did n't make him popular either . 
 lando , who incessantly bullied budda at home , was himself the target of constant torment at school . 
 he was a big , dumb kid who could n't keep his mouth shut . 
 even budda was smart enough to know such a combination was to some teenagers what the smell of blood was to sharks . 
 lando and budda were n't related by blood , even though many people assumed so . 
 budda had been adopted first , when he was two . 
 lando came a year later , first as a foster child . 
 the line of families waiting to adopt lando was microscopically short , so he was destined to shuttle from one place to another if the jessicos had n't adopted him more out of pity than love . 
 their legal mother , who had never been the nurturing type , suffered her husband 's efforts to save the world 's forgotten children , and never silently . 
 `` i did n't sign up for this , '' she would say , without caring who heard her . 
 her husband would n't dispute her . 
 `` i know , '' he said . 
 then he would try to hug her , like that would make it better . 
 it only infuriated her more . 
 `` i suppose i should blame myself , '' she said . 
 `` when you said you could n't procreate , i said i could live with that . 
 i should have been more specific and said , ` fine by me , because i never wanted kids in the first place ' . '' 
 `` i know this is n't what you had in mind , '' dad said . 
 `` but who knows where these kids would be without us ? 
 and you love them just as much as i do . '' 
 she did n't , but that did n't bother budda much . 
 he had blood mama , and even though his father could be stifling , he knew he was lucky to have his care . 
 he would have been happy with just the three of them , without lando . 
 lando was two years older than budda , but they were only a year apart in school . 
 a handful of other foster brothers and sisters had come and gone , but most stayed for only a few months until the state could find a more permanent place for them . 
 lando and budda never got close to the temporaries . 
 only addie was able to wear down budda by becoming his protector . 
 she was the oldest , already nearly eighteen years old when she arrived , and budda liked having a big sister . 
 addie took to budda as well , saying she had four brothers back in kentucky , and she missed having boys around . 
 `` you remind me bit of jared , the one we all call po po , '' she told budda . 
 `` he always wanted to be a cop when he was little , which is how he got the nickname . 
 he quit wanting to be a cop when he found out he could n't shoot just anyone who wanted to . 
 he 's like you , because he do n't talk much either , but he 's probably the smartest of the lot . '' 
 `` but i 'm not smart , '' budda said . 
 `` sure you are . 
 that 's why lando 's always beating on you . 
 he 's real jealous of smart kids . '' 
 budda was n't used to anyone calling him smart , and he liked to hear it from addie . 
 he looked for opportunities to get her to say it . 
 `` lando 's all the time calling me retarded , '' budda said . 
 `` you think i 'm retarded ? '' 
 `` lando needs to take a good long look in the mirror before he calls anyone else retarded , '' addie said . 
 `` he 's got less sense than a farm turkey in a rainstorm . 
 do n't let him get to you . 
 if he does any more than name-calling , you come and get me . 
 he may be big , but that 's all fat on him . 
 i bet i could take him in a fair fight , so long as he does n't suffocate me in belly blubber . '' 
 addie kept her word . 
 she never tussled physically with lando because she never had to . 
 lando genuinely feared addie . 
 her hazel eyes could turn crazy-looking and almost yellow any time she got angry . 
 even budda found them a bit unsettling . 
 `` look here , orlando , i 'll go all hillbilly on your ass if you even look sideways at your little brother , '' addie said . 
 lando hated to be called by his full first name -- he said it made him sound mexican -- which was why addie never called him anything else . 
 `` when i get through with you , '' she said , `` your reproductive chances will drop to zilch , if you ever had any chances at all . '' 
 `` i have n't laid a finger on that little twit , '' lando protested . 
 `` but you 're thinking about it real hard . 
 i 'd tell you to go pick on someone your own size , but there are n't too many around here in your weight class . 
 i 'll have to do for an opponent , so be prepared to have your ass strapped by a 115-pounder . '' 
 lando still got in his licks in on budda , but never when addie was around . 
 lando warned budda he 'd make it worse on him if he tattled to addie , which budda knew was true . 
 he was never happier at home than when addie was there . 
 blood mama liked addie , too . 
 she said addie reminded her of herself , to a point . 
 the girl 's got a double-shot of spunk . 
 you need that to get by in this nasty world if you do n't have a load of money or looks . 
 she 's got the looks , blood mama , budda said . 
 open your eyes , kevin . 
 her face looks like she held it too close to a grease-poppin ' frying pan . 
 please tell me you do n't see her as more than your temporary sister . 
 get that idea out of your head right now . 
 you may not be blood related , but it would still close enough to incest to give even me the willies . 
 budda protested , telling her he was amazed and sad she would think such a thing . 
 he had to send her away when she made him uncomfortable like that . 
 addie was the last of the temporary foster children . 
 dad took in no more kids after budda 's legal mother left . 
 dad said mom had people in oklahoma , and they needed her back there to look after them . 
 he said she would be back when the situation out there calmed down . 
 budda knew better . 
 his mother would n't return unless the situation calmed down in their own home . 
 that was unlikely as long as there were kids around . 
 she was n't cut out for the work of raising a gaggle of kids that nobody else wanted . 
 addie was the one that finally cured her of parenting for good . 
 `` that girl has been smoking pot again , '' she said the day before she moved out . 
 `` i can smell it all over her clothes . 
 god knows what else she 's been doing that we ca n't smell . 
 and where she 's earning the money to buy her drugs , i ca n't imagine . '' 
 `` well , '' dad said . 
 `` that 's all you can say ? '' 
 `` well , she needs to feel loved and protected . 
 she 'll be all right if we 're patient with her . '' 
 `` she does n't need protection . 
 she needs punishment . 
 and if you do n't have the backbone to punish her , then you can at least start doing her laundry . 
 i 'd make her do it , but she 'd just go around in dirty clothes . 
 then i 'd get in trouble for neglect . '' 
 `` i 'll talk to her , '' dad said calmly . 
 `` talk ? 
 if she responded to simple talk , she would n't be here with us , would she ? 
 that girl 's a lost cause , just like the others . 
 but you ca n't get that through your head , can you ? 
 you think you have to save the whole world , when everyone but you knows you 're not saving a soul . '' 
 `` i 'll talk to her , '' dad repeated . 
 `` you 're pitiful . '' 
 budda did n't miss his legal mother when she left . 
 it surprised him that blood mama sympathized with her . 
 some people are n't cut out for mothering like i am . 
 she did n't work very hard at it . 
 i believe she did . 
 if she had n't , she would have beat it the hell out of here a long time before now . 
 i would n't have lost any sleep if she had , budda said . 
 i hope i never see her again . 
 addie returned to kentucky as soon as she turned eighteen and could go anywhere she pleased . 
 lando did n't hide his delight in seeing her go , but budda hoped until the last minute that she would change her mind . 
 dad gave her a chance , though with conditions . 
 `` you 're part of this family and welcome to live here as long as you want , '' dad told her . 
 `` besides the normal house rules , you need to work toward your ged . 
 then we 'll see about getting you in at the community college . '' 
 `` your terms do n't suit me , '' addie said . 
 `` i 'm not college material and do n't want to be . 
 school and me never got along . '' 
 `` you 're going to need some sort of diploma to get anywhere , and even a ged wo n't get you much , '' dad said . 
 he knew she would never go back to a class of any sort once she stepped out the door . 
 `` i 'll have to take my chances then , '' she said . 
 `` my school days are over . '' 
 addie had n't called or emailed since she moved back to kentucky . 
 budda guessed she was too busy getting reacquainted with her family and getting on with life , but he also knew she had n't forgotten him . 
 assuming she would invite him to stay with her after the rescue , he had n't packed many clothes for his bus trip . 
 he could buy some easily enough . 
 since he planned to change everything about himself , new clothes were a good place to start . 
 more than likely , one of addie 's kin could get him work . 
 past that , he had n't thought much about the future . 
 when addie moved out , abuse from lando worsened . 
 thick of mind and body , lando had been a crack baby , or so other kids at school claimed . 
 their father had never said that was the case , but budda assumed his schoolmates knew what they were talking about . 
 they were more world-wise than budda . 
 it made sense about lando , because he could n't grasp even the most basic concepts of math or grammar . 
 he had been pushed along from grade to grade because he was n't quite slow enough to be held back , except for once when he repeated fifth grade . 
 he was so large that he already looked out of place and older than the other kids in his sophomore class . 
 a half dozen inch-long whiskers had sprouted on his lower chin . 
 if held back again , he would look even older . 
 worse , he would be in the same grade as budda . 
 should that happen , lando 's shame would spur him to torment budda even more . 
 picked on as he was at school , lando needed someone he could return the favor to , and he had the convenience of a younger brother who did n't fight back . 
 budda had enough of it the day he left for louisville . 
 `` i 'm going to need you to give me ten bucks , '' lando said as they waited at the corner for the school bus that morning . 
 `` i do n't have any money , '' budda said , which was a lie . 
 `` what do you need ten bucks for anyway ? '' 
 `` lunch . '' 
 `` lunch costs two-fifty . 
 what do you need ten for ? '' 
 `` none of your business . 
 i know you got ten because i seen it in your wallet last night . '' 
 `` stay out of my stuff . 
 remember what dad said . '' 
 `` he also said you got to do what i say on the bus . '' 
 budda peered down the street as the yellow bus turned the corner two blocks away onto their street . 
 `` we 're not on the bus yet . 
 besides , dad only said that one time , like five years ago . '' 
 `` unless you want a real serious ass beating right now in front of everyone , hand over the money . 
 i 'll pay you back later . '' 
 lando had `` borrowed '' hundreds of dollars from budda and never returned any of it . 
 budda knew his brother did n't need the money , because he regularly stole cash from their father . 
 budda checked his brother 's not-so-secret stash , which lando kept in an empty tin dominos container beneath his bed . 
 lando had gotten the dominos from their parents two christmases earlier , and had immediately tossed the contents in the trash . 
 in addition to cash , lando kept four marlboro cigarettes -lrb- three of them broken -rrb- and one trojans condom which would deteriorate in its wrapper before lando had any occasion to use it . 
 budda knew the inventory because he sneaked into lando 's room regularly when his brother was at football practice . 
 the night before , he had counted close to a hundred dollars in the dominos tin . 
 dad knew lando stole from his wallet , but he never said anything . 
 he preferred keeping a nominal peace to severe punishment . 
 this time at the bus stop , budda was n't going to give in to lando 's threats . 
 he held firm and refused to hand over the ten dollars . 
 as the bus rolled to a stop in front of them , lando snapped the back of his hand across budda 's face , hard enough to sting his nose and water his eyes . 
 `` hope you like the way my hand tastes , because you 're getting a full meal of it tonight , '' lando said . 
 `` you 'll wish you 'd just ponied up the money . '' 
 blood mama 's attitude toward lando was one of the things that disappointed budda the most . 
 any time budda complained about his brother , blood mama made him feel guilty for it . 
 he does n't know any better way to express himself . 
 you ought to hate him as much as i do , budda said . 
 he steals from me . 
 he beats me up . 
 i ca n't wait for him to be out of my life . 
 he 's in for a rougher go of it than you . 
 things wo n't be any better for him than they are right now . 
 at least he 's got a safe home with you and your legal daddy . 
 because of him , it 's not a safe home for me , budda said . 
 i 'm through putting up with it . 
 then let 's hit the road and go get the girl like i 've been trying to get you to do , blood mama said . 
 here 's your chance to solve two problems at the same time . 
 budda missed addie fiercely , and blood mama 's idea had begun to take hold in his mind as a wise idea . 
 at school that day , he formulated his plan , such as it was , to go find addie . 
 lando had football practice that afternoon , which provided budda a violence-free ride home on the bus without him . 
 he had two hours before his dad picked up lando from practice on his way home . 
 that would be enough time to pack what he could and leave for the bus station . 
 he only had to make sure he was still home when he father made his after-school check-in call to the house . 
 any time budda or his brother were home alone , dad called to make sure they had locked the front and back doors , and that the stove was off . 
 budda had never used the stove , but his father asked anyway . 
 after shoving a change of clothes in his backpack and grabbing oliver twist as an afterthought , he took lando 's money and added it to the small amount he had . 
 as a final insult to his brother , he rubbed each cigarette in the palms of his hands so that bits of paper and tobacco created a little brown and white mound on lando 's carpet . 
 then he unrolled the condom and stretched it over the outside knob of lando 's bedroom door . 
 4 about nine in the morning , breakfast traffic at the mcdonald 's began to slow . 
 the counter shift had changed , which meant the current crew did n't know budda had been there nearly seven hours . 
 that could buy him a bit more time before they tired of him hanging around and not buying anything . 
 he thought about getting a sausage biscuit , but he did n't want to spend any more money yet . 
 a mix of customers came and went all morning . 
 he wondered what baresha was doing . 
 he hoped she was n't having sex with that guy . 
 he did n't want her to get hurt , but he hoped she would n't like stuart so that she would catch the sunday night bus to indianapolis . 
 of course , he would n't be there , would he ? 
 he would like to see baresha again , but he was staying in kentucky . 
 a middle-aged woman in a blue button-up shirt , the restaurant 's manager , budda guessed , had begun to take an interest in him -- coming around to wipe some of the tables around budda , even though they were already clean . 
 budda had caught her looking at him a few times , although she did n't look particularly angry . 
 budda wondered if he should go find someplace else -- another fast food place to wait , maybe -- but to wait for what ? 
 addie was unlikely to waltz into that mcdonald 's any time soon . 
 he remembered she liked their iced tea , and maybe she 'd happen to get a strong desire for some that day . 
 but how many mcdonald 's were there in louisville ? 
 and what would that say about the danger blood mama said she was in ? 
 people in mortal peril did n't just stroll into a mcdonald 's like nothing was wrong , did they ? 
 a man entered the restaurant and ordered at the counter . 
 budda noticed him because of how dark his neck was , like his job had him working outside every day . 
 that made sense because the back of his t-shirt said `` robt . 
 mogley jr. 's landscaping '' . 
 in smaller letters below that on the shirt was `` valkyrie , ky '' . 
 budda remembered that valkyrie was addie 's hometown . 
 the man had only ordered coffee and was already on his way out the door before budda mustered the guts to get up and follow him . 
 budda was n't comfortable talking to anyone , let alone strangers . 
 but the landscaper more than likely knew addie , if the town was as small she had described . 
 `` hey there , '' he yelled as the man continued toward a pickup hooked to a twelve-foot lowboy . 
 the rig was parked along a metal barrier behind the restaurant . 
 the truck , royal blue and rusted through in areas behind the rear wheels , had `` robt . 
 mogley jr. . 
 landscaping/valkyrie , ky '' painted in white on the side of the door . 
 it was an amateur paint job . 
 rather than level , the two lines drifted downward from left to right , as budda used to write on tablet paper in second grade . 
 the trailer hauled a commercial walk-behind mower like budda had seen used on the grounds of his school . 
 a smaller push mower was squeezed in behind it and bungeed to a wire side rack , on which hung two gas-powered leaf blowers and a trimmer . 
 budda caught up with the man just as he was opening his door . 
 `` excuse me . 
 mr. mogley ? '' 
 suspicious , the man nodded . 
 `` can i bother you for just a moment ? '' 
 mogley shook his head and got in the pickup . 
 it had gotten to where a man could n't stop for coffee without someone begging a buck . 
 and it was n't just old bums either . 
 kids at loose ends or skipping school were the worst cadgers of all . 
 he usually went through the drive-through , but the line was long and looked slow . 
 it served him right for trying save a few seconds . 
 budda 's best chance so far of finding addie was just about to drive away when blood mama showed up . 
 unless you intend to set up camp at this mcdonald 's for the rest of your life , you better not let him get away . 
 budda grabbed the door so that the man could n't shut it . 
 he did so in a casual way , but it was an assertiveness that felt foreign to him . 
 it surprised mogley , too , so much so that he did n't force the door closed , even though he could have easily done it . 
 but he gave budda an ass-kicking 's - soon-coming-your-way look that budda could n't misread . 
 `` i 'm trying to find addie starkwether , '' budda said in a hurry . 
 `` i 'm pretty sure she 's from valkyrie . '' 
 mogley took a cautious sip of his coffee , which was still so hot he would lose a layer of tissue from the roof of his mouth anyway . 
 `` yeah , we got some starkwethers down there , '' he said . 
 `` most of them 's not good for much . 
 what 'd you say was the name of yours ? '' 
 `` addie starkwether , '' budda said , feeling a bit encouraged . 
 `` that a man , woman or child ? '' 
 `` she 's for sure a girl . 
 just turned eighteen last may . 
 her real name 's addison , but she hates to be called that . '' 
 mogley gave budda a good look , particularly noticing the dark circles beneath his eyes and the stuffed backpack he toted . 
 `` you trying to get to valkyrie then ? '' 
 budda had n't realized it , but that was exactly what he was trying to do . 
 `` i figured from your work shirt that you live there . '' 
 `` i guess she 's your girl or something ? '' 
 mogley knew boys who would spare no effort to chase after a chance at getting some . 
 he had been like that himself not too long ago . 
 `` no sir , she 's my sister . '' 
 mogley thought about it for a moment . 
 what the hell . 
 `` i got three jobs around here , '' he said as he fired the engine . 
 `` if you 're still here at quitting time , i guess it would n't kill me to let you ride back to valkyrie . '' 
 budda was elated to make some progress toward finding addie . 
 `` when is quitting time ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` when the work 's finished , '' mogley said , pulling away . 
 after mogley left , budda headed back inside the mcdonald 's , but blood mama stopped him . 
 you ought to look for a change of scenery , she said . 
 they 're not going to let you loaf in there all day . 
 i 've got no place else to go , budda said . 
 you got this whole city . 
 it 's daylight . 
 lots of people around . 
 you ca n't get into too much danger as long as the beggars leave you alone . 
 just start walking . 
 all right then , budda said . 
 but i do n't know which way to walk . 
 use your noggin . 
 as long as you pay attention where you 're headed , you can find your way back . 
 this here 's broadway , so if you go north , you 'll want to head south when you come back and so on . 
 we 're not talking brain surgery here . 
 no , but it felt like it to budda . 
 he did n't know which way was south or north , so he turned left and walked a few blocks and then right , keeping in mind which general direction he would have to go to return to the mcdonald 's . 
 after wandering several blocks , he spotted a hotel . 
 now that 's what i 'm talking about , blood mama said . 
 that 's where you need to go . 
 i 've got to get to valkyrie , budda said . 
 i ca n't stay in a hotel here . 
 no , but you can sure eat at one . 
 that 's the kind of hotel that 's got those free breakfasts . 
 i think you 've got be a guest to eat their food . 
 i 'm not a guest . 
 do n't ask , do n't tell . 
 now let 's get in there and see what they got . 
 the hotel 's breakfast buffet area was small and quiet , just off to the side of the front desk . 
 the first thing budda noticed was the waffle maker , sitting invitingly on the counter like a belgian temptress . 
 the jessico household had a waffle maker , too , but only once a year was it ceremoniously retrieved from the back of a cabinet where it had gathered dust since the previous new year 's day . 
 dad only abided letting his children consume syrup -- a special treat -- on the first morning of the year , because he did n't want them to become diabetic . 
 except for rare occasions when he fried turkey bacon , the only breakfast options at home were cold cereal , yogurt and fruit . 
 and if you think cap’n crunch or froot loops ever made it on the jessico grocery list , forget it . 
 anything with more than five grams of sugar was verboten . 
 other meals were n't much better . 
 budda 's father was a fair cook , but he had interesting ideas on what passed for good food . 
 budda suspected that was another reason addie moved out as soon as she could . 
 `` if i have to eat any more of that tofu junk , '' she said , `` i 'll generate enough gas to power the entire mississippi valley . '' 
 the hotel 's buffet had sweetened cereal , and , if that was n't enough , glazed doughnuts . 
 while budda waited for his waffle to cook , he loaded a plate with doughnuts , a cheese danish , and then filled a bowl with frosted flakes . 
 just thinking about it made his blood pressure percolate . 
 for good measure , he poured two packets of sugar on top of the cereal . 
 to satisfy his thirst , he poured one cup of apple juice and one of orange juice . 
 he sat down at a table by himself , prepared to enjoy the greatest breakfast of his life . 
 before he began , the surveyed the dining area , which was empty but for a few tables . 
 he was the only one there who did n't look like he did n't have a business appointment that morning . 
 the other diners were fresh and well groomed . 
 none of them looked like they had spent the night in a mcdonald 's . 
 budda had taken one bite of a doughnut and a gulp of apple juice when someone tapped him on the shoulder from behind . 
 `` may i see your room card ? '' 
 5 budda looked up to see a man in a blue blazer and tie . 
 a gleaming gold pin over his breast pocket claimed he was the desk manager . 
 `` my what ? '' 
 budda asked , doughnut crumbs tumbling from his mouth as he spoke . 
 `` the key card for your room , '' the manager said . 
 `` this breakfast is for guests only . '' 
 budda looked at the plates of food in front of him . 
 the butter on the waffle was perfectly melted , a lipid yellow island in a sea of tantalizing syrup . 
 `` can i take this with me so it wo n't go to waste ? '' 
 `` leave the food there and please leave . '' 
 after exiting the hotel , budda groused to blood mama that he might need to quit listening to her . 
 maybe you should n't have piled fifty doughnuts on a plate . 
 you 're off by forty-seven . 
 i only got three . 
 i 'm just talking hyperbole . 
 i do n't care what you 're talking , but i only had three , budda said . 
 hyperbole means ... forget it . 
 i guess i was paying more attention in your language arts class than you were . 
 better not get too far from that mcdonald 's . 
 you do n't want to miss your ride with the lawnmower man . 
 budda meandered back in the general direction of the mcdonald 's . 
 he could only guess how long it would be before mogley returned . 
 based on the time it took him and lando to mow and trim their own yard , he imagined he had the rest of the morning and then some to wait . 
 he thought about walking back to the bus station -- it would n't be unusual for people to wait a long time there -- but he could n't remember for sure where it was . 
 he had only found the mcdonald 's because he had followed baresha . 
 budda 's mind kept wandering back to the confident girl from indianapolis . 
 he found it easier to imagine her liking him when there was no chance of seeing her again . 
 he wondered what she and stuart were doing . 
 they 're getting into some serious mattress banging by now , blood mama said . 
 no , they 're not . 
 she 's not like that . 
 you can tell that after sharing a shake with her ? 
 that 'd be darn impressive , if it was n't so wrong . 
 i could tell she was n't like that , budda said . 
 that girl came to louisville for one thing , and it was n't to watch the kentucky derby . 
 after further traipsing downtown sidewalks for awhile , budda stumbled across a city library . 
 he knew from his school experience that the library could be a good place to escape for a nap , which he was beginning to need . 
 a homeless man , layered in three dirty jackets , stood near the entrance . 
 the man remembered seeing budda at the mcdonald 's . 
 he knew an easy mark and shuffled over to budda . 
 `` sorry to trouble you , young man , '' he said . 
 `` i was on my way to indianapolis when my car broke down . 
 i got a sister there who 's sick , and i 've got to get up there . '' 
 they had lots of homeless people in st. louis , too , but budda had never talked to one . 
 `` i 'm sorry for your sister , '' budda said . 
 `` i 'm trying to get to my sister , too . '' 
 that caught the man by surprise . 
 in all the times he 'd told the story , no one had ever said they were sorry for his sister , who as far as he knew , was still doing fine in cleveland . 
 `` appreciate it , '' the man said . 
 `` but if you could spare a dollar or two for bus fare , i 'll be able to get up there . '' 
 do n't even think about giving this hairball your money . 
 `` i 'm pretty sure it takes more than a dollar or two to get to indianapolis , '' budda said . 
 `` i just came from there . '' 
 `` do n't you worry about that , '' the man said . 
 `` i do n't expect you to pay for the whole ticket . '' 
 he was thinking how he had to work a lot harder at this than usual . 
 most folks did n't talk to him , or even look at him . 
 they either gave him a few coins , or they hurried away like they had n't seen him . 
 do n't do it . 
 budda took out his wallet . 
 he saw it was empty and remembered he had hurriedly stashed the bills in his pocket when baresha had come to his table . 
 when he pulled out the money , he had only 23 dollars . 
 the ten-dollar bill was missing . 
 he must have dropped it in the restaurant . 
 he grudgingly handed a dollar to the man . 
 `` sure wish you could spare another , '' the man said , he eyes trained on the portrait of andrew jackson on the twenty that budda clutched . 
 `` i wish i could , too , '' budda said , walking past the man into the library . 
 did you go deaf all of a sudden ? 
 blood mama asked . 
 i hate to say no . 
 you better learn how or you 'll be deep in it real soon . 
 this ai n't your little suburb , you know . 
 after appraising the main library floor , budda found an elevator and went to the second floor , hoping for fewer people and an opportunity to sleep undisturbed . 
 the higher floor , which housed the periodical section , was even busier than the first floor . 
 the air of the cavernous room smelled something like dead grass to budda , as it held tons of magazines that were reverting back into wood dust at a hyper-glacial speed . 
 budda could tell from the crowd in the place that he was n't the only one with no place to go that day . 
 they looked like the pre-dawn crowd at mcdonald 's . 
 he found a table occupied by only one other person , and , using his backpack as a pillow , put his head down and immediately sank into a fitful nap . 
 he woke two hours later feeling even worse than before . 
 but he was young , and the ache he felt in his neck would soon go away . 
 it was nearly 1:30 , and he was quite hungry . 
 he turned on his phone to see if he had gotten any calls or texts . 
 he had one message and three texts from his dad . 
 he did n't check any of them . 
 the battery light was flashing . 
 turning off the phone would take the rest of the power . 
 budda walked back to the mcdonald 's , which , to his surprise and delight , was only a block from the library . 
 he asked the shift manager if anyone had turned in a ten-dollar bill . 
 the manager , who had heard crazier questions from stranger-looking people , shook her head . 
 budda ordered a hamburger from the dollar menu and got a cup for water . 
 he spent the rest of the afternoon waiting . 
 6 budda had all but given up on mogley returning when the landscaper wheeled his pickup and trailer into the parking lot around six . 
 budda had left the restaurant two hours earlier to wait outside on a low brick wall along broadway just so he would n't miss his ride to valkyrie . 
 mogley waved for budda to get in , and he pulled away before budda had even shut the door behind him . 
 mogley smelled of sweat , cut grass , and had the sour breath of a drinker . 
 budda knew the smell from the times his legal mother had gotten fed up with the kids . 
 where his mother preferred vodka and cranberry juice to lighten the load of parenthood , mogley seemed to lean toward bud light . 
 the floor on his side of the truck was a sea of empty blue aluminum bottles . 
 blood mama warned budda to be careful about taking the ride . 
 something about this guy does n't sit quite right with me . 
 you be careful about what you talk about . 
 do n't give strangers your real name . 
 i 'm not that stupid , budda said . 
 i guess we 'll see soon enough . 
 budda would prove to blood mama that he could handle himself by starting a conversation with mogley , though he would keep it safe . 
 `` how long does it take to get to valkyrie ? '' 
 he asked . 
 mogley shrugged . 
 `` long enough . 
 sometimes the traffic 's like a funeral procession . 
 a good chunk of the people who work in the city live down that way , and they all rubberneck at the tiniest fender bender . 
 things should have thinned out some by now if we 're lucky . '' 
 mogley 's answer was sufficient for budda , though he did n't notice his question had n't been answered . 
 mogley went through his mind the quickest place to drop off the kid once he got to valkyrie . 
 he knew of the starkwethers , all right . 
 knew some of them a little too well . 
 this kid did n't look like any starkwether he 'd ever met . 
 if he was any kin to them , mogley would do well to be rid of him as soon as he got to town . 
 he thought he might drop off the kid up there by the new kroger and let him find his sister from there . 
 `` i guess you mow lawns , huh ? '' 
 budda asked . 
 `` what was your first clue ? '' 
 mogley asked , thinking about the large lawnmower he towed . 
 `` i mow our lawn , '' said budda . 
 `` that 's pretty boring . 
 i guess it must be real boring to have to mow every day . '' 
 `` pays good , '' mogley answered with a grunt . 
 he already regretted coming back to get the boy . 
 he almost had n't , because he took seriously the adage that no good deed went unpunished . 
 heck , it was his life 's philosophy . 
 somehow this would end up being a bad idea . 
 mogley was already in a surly mood because of how his day had gone . 
 his first customer , an old woman in st. matthews , toddled out to tell him to stop mowing her yard when he was already half finished with it . 
 the old bag said even a blind fool could see the grass did n't need cutting , and she was n't about to pay for what he 'd already done . 
 dry spell or not , mogley needed to make a living , which mrs. rip van wrinkles did n't understand . 
 rather than waste time arguing , however , mogley loaded up his equipment and went on to his second job . 
 he 'd get back at the old bitch next time by skipping the weed trimming . 
 on his third job , the engine on the push mower kept missing -- he had n't taken the time lately to clean the spark plugs -- and it took about twice as long as it should have . 
 with gas and what he 'd spent on bud lights at the bar , mogley would n't break even on the day . 
 the warm buzz from the beer made mogley more talkative than usual . 
 and he did n't want to make the forty minute drive in total silence . 
 as he steered the rig up the on rap to south i-65 , mogley said , `` i do n't remember you telling me your name . '' 
 `` kevin . '' 
 `` kevin starkwether , huh . '' 
 `` no , '' budda said . 
 he was about to give his last name , but he remembered to heed blood mama 's words , even though her advice earlier that day had n't been so stellar . 
 mogley grunted . 
 he was a little peeved that the kid withheld his last name , like he did n't trust mogley . 
 you 'd think if he was okay taking a ride with a stranger , he could at least say who he was . 
 oh well . 
 if the kid had a stick up his butt , that was fine with mogley . 
 `` i 'm guessing you 're not from louisville , '' mogley said . 
 `` not yet anyway . 
 i 'm from st. louis , '' budda said , deciding it was permissible to say that much . 
 `` but i do n't live there anymore . 
 once i find my sister , i think i 'll stay here in kentucky . 
 i 'm getting kind of tired of st. louis . '' 
 mogley noticed again the stuffed backpack that sat between him and his passenger . 
 it must have been everything the boy owned . 
 he was dressed like he came from a decent home , though he looked as though he 'd slept in his clothes a night or two . 
 there was a kind of smell to him , too , like his armpits needed a good scrubbing . 
 `` unless things have changed since this morning , i 'm reckoning you do n't have an address for your sister , '' mogley said . 
 budda shrugged , realizing mogley did n't know where to find addie , as he 'd hoped . 
 `` valkyrie 's a small town , is n't it ? '' 
 `` depends on what you call small , '' mogley said , `` smaller than some , bigger than others . 
 there 's the new valkyrie and the old valkyrie . 
 folks who work in louisville keep building cracker box houses out here . 
 they got the new shopping center and applebee 's and such . 
 the old part 's where the rest of us live . 
 we 're the ones who get our finger nails dirty and do n't need to work in air conditioned offices . 
 it 's not hard to tell who lives in the new and who lives in the old . 
 we got the farmers ' tans and the cargo vans . 
 they got the spray-on tans and the acuras . '' 
 valkyrie sounded a little bigger than budda imagined , but he still assumed mogley had some idea where to find addie . 
 traffic on the interstate buzzed along at a steady pace , and they soon hit the valkyrie exit . 
 `` there 's a walgreens right up here on the bypass , '' mogley said . 
 `` i 'll drop you off there and you can start asking around . 
 you might run into somebody there who knows the starkwether girl you 're looking for . '' 
 `` you do n't have any idea where she lives ? '' 
 budda asked . 
 `` she 's probably living with one of her brothers . 
 she 's got a lot of those . '' 
 `` i do n't even know if your sister 's in valkyrie . 
 i just know starkwethers live around here . 
 and they do n't invite me over on saturday nights to look at picture albums . 
 you 'll have to do some asking around . '' 
 it might take a bit longer to locate his sister , but budda was n't discouraged . 
 he liked what he saw of the town , so far . 
 everything along the road leading into valkyrie looked safe and new . 
 it had a shopping center with a grocery store as big as anything in st. louis , a target , a tanning salon , a tire store , a taco bell and a wendy 's . 
 even the road was new ; four-laned , black and smooth . 
 budda liked new . 
 valkyrie would suit him fine once he found addie . 
 when the truck stopped in the walgreen 's parking lot , budda grabbed his bag to get out . 
 he was going to thank his driver , but he was n't sure if he should offer him a few dollars , as well . 
 `` i wish i could give you something for the ride , '' budda said . 
 `` i wish you could , too , '' mogley said . 
 until that moment , he had n't expected an offer of payment . 
 but he was n't going to turn it down . 
 he had to make something out of the day . 
 before he could think it through , budda pulled his wallet out of his pocket and opened it , looking at the bills inside . 
 he still had the twenty and two ones . 
 mogley peered into the wallet as well . 
 `` that twenty ought to do it , '' he said . 
 `` still a helluva lot cheaper than a cab ride . '' 
 budda handed him the twenty and got out . 
 he almost said `` thank you '' , but he decided the twenty was thanks enough . 
 fool . 
 he entered the walgreens to look around . 
 he was hungry , but now twenty dollars closer to broke . 
 he did n't want to use his remaining cash , so he fished for the 66 cents in his pocket . 
 if he could find something cheap enough -- maybe some sunflower seeds -- he could use that to tide himself over until he found addie . 
 he approached the cashier at the front of the store . 
 she was a plain woman who grimaced like friendly customer service was the last thing on her list of professional goals . 
 `` i 'm trying to locate my sister who recently moved back to valkyrie . 
 her name 's addie starkwether , '' budda said . 
 `` any chance you know her ? '' 
 the woman relaxed a little , though not quite enough to look friendly . 
 `` i figured you were going to try to get me to sell you a pack of cigarettes . 
 all you kids think we 're a pushover here . 
 i get real tired of it . '' 
 budda did n't think the woman looked at all like a pushover . 
 and since he had never been to this store before that moment , he was n't sure why he needed to be grouped with those who held that opinion of her . 
 but he had no time to worry about that . 
 he asked her again if she knew addie . 
 `` that name does n't ring a bell , but i 'm from bardstown , '' the cashier said , her voice raspy from forty years of smoking unfiltereds . 
 in her day , you could buy smokes from a vending machine . 
 you did n't need to hassle a cashier at the corner drug . 
 she sized up budda and guessed he did n't have the wherewithal to find who he was looking for , unless they happened to walk into the store that second holding a `` here i am '' sign . 
 he did n't look like he had a lot going on upstairs -- something about the dazed look in his eyes gave her that thought . 
 a bent-over man , even more ancient than the cashier , shuffled into the store . 
 nodding to the man as he slowly passed the counter , the cashier said , `` harvey might know your sister . 
 he 's old valkyrie . '' 
 then without seeing if budda wanted to ask harvey , she called out to him . 
 `` you know any of the starkwethers ? '' 
 harvey , who was headed back to the pharmacy , stopped his shuffling . 
 `` if i did , would you hold it against me ? '' 
 he resumed his trek without waiting for an answer . 
 `` might know one or two . 
 that 'd be one or two too many . '' 
 the cashier called after him . 
 `` where might they be found if you were looking for them ? '' 
 `` i would n't look for them , '' harvey said , without breaking his slow amble . 
 7 budda exited the walgreens without buying a snack and crossed the intersection , going south on the sidewalk along the busy road . 
 he hoped he was headed toward the center of valkyrie , but he could have been walking in the wrong direction for all he knew . 
 why he should go toward the center of town was n't clear to him . 
 the cashier had only suggested he ask someplace else . 
 he walked on a sidewalk along the busy road when he soon came to another intersection , not quite as busy as the first , which had him wondering if he should continue on or turn one way or the other . 
 occupying the opposite corner was a red and yellow stop ’n pump convenience store . 
 he would ask for better directions there . 
 `` we do n't really have a center of town around here , '' the woman behind the counter said . 
 `` there was n't much of a town at all until all the new folks started building out here . '' 
 something about him indicated to the woman that he needed all the help he could get . 
 he looked a bit discombobulated , and she could tell he was n't a local . 
 the stuffed back pack he hefted tipped her off to that . 
 if he had a pile of text books in it , it would have been more squared than rounded . 
 `` where exactly are you trying to get to ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i 'm not sure , '' the boy answered , confirming her observation . 
 `` i 've come here to live with my sister , except i do n't exactly know where she lives . '' 
 `` lost her address , huh ? 
 it might be good to start with giving me her name . 
 the town 's grown a lot since i was a girl , but we 're not so big yet . 
 i might know of her . '' 
 `` addie starkwether . 
 addie is short of addison , but she gets put out if anyone calls her that . 
 everyone should be called the name they want to be called . '' 
 `` that would logical , i suppose , '' the woman said . 
 `` i know the last name . 
 some of them come in here for pork rinds and whatnot , but you do n't look like any of those boys by a far cry . '' 
 `` we 're not related by blood , '' budda said . 
 the woman nodded as if that explained a lot . 
 she picked up the cell phone sitting next to the register . 
 `` let me yell at earl for a sec and see if he knows any more than me . 
 he 's real good with putting names to faces . '' 
 she thumbed a speed dial number . 
 `` a boy here 's looking for his sister , '' she said into the phone . 
 `` she 's one of those starkwethers . '' 
 then she asked budda , `` what 'd you say her first name was ? '' 
 `` addie , '' budda said . 
 he started to explain again about never calling her addison , but the clerk was already talking again on the phone to earl . 
 `` addie , '' she said . 
 then to budda again : `` about how old ? '' 
 `` eighteen , '' budda said . 
 `` eighteen , '' the woman repeated to earl . 
 after a pause , `` i know which one you mean . 
 all right then . 
 see you when i get off at eight , baby cheeks . 
 `` after disconnecting , the cashier pointed west . 
 `` earl says the last he knew there was a starkwether girl working at the chinese place up the road here on the left . 
 it 's called the beijing something or other . 
 a chinese couple named wei runs the place . 
 it 's no more than a minute 's drive . 
 i do n't know if she 's the one you 're looking for , but if she 's a starkwether , she ought to know where to find yours . 
 that group sticks to their own pretty close . '' 
 the woman hoped budda could find his way up the road without getting hit by a car . 
 she had her doubts . 
 he did n't look like the sort of boy who got out and about much . 
 fifteen minutes later , sweat dribbling down his neck , budda spotted a chinese restaurant in an old strip shopping center . 
 from the looks of things , he guessed he was no longer in new valkyrie . 
 this section was more like parts of st. louis he 'd seen out the car window , ones where businesses turned over from second-hand furniture stores to swap shops to tattoo parlors and back again to junk stores more often than lando took showers . 
 beijing palace # 1 was at the far end of the center , between bill diamond 's state farm insurance and theresa 's dance studio . 
 the glass front of the insurance office was curtained , and the office appeared to still be in business . 
 the dance studio had come to its last tango some time ago . 
 plastic packing tape trailed a two-foot crack in the bottom edge of the plate glass front . 
 a black sign with orange `` sorry we 're closed '' lettering in the corner of the same glass was faded from months in the sun 's glare . 
 it was mid-evening , and only two cars were parked in the entire shopping center lot , both in front of beijing palace # 1 . 
 there was no `` open '' sign , and the bamboo shades on the restaurant 's windows were pulled down , making it hard to determine if the place was open for business . 
 however , a small handwritten piece of cardboard in the corner of the plate glass front window advertised a `` buffet every nite '' . 
 budda entered a small , dark dining area . 
 on a boom box set on the front counter , michael jackson swore that billie jean was not his lover . 
 against the far wall , a middle-aged asian woman spoke pleasantly with a couple seated at the only occupied table . 
 seeing budda , louise wei let out a heavy sigh that had the diners wondering what they had done to displease her . 
 as regulars , they were quite familiar with mrs. wei 's mercurial moods , though her wrath was usually reserved for her persecuted husband , who stayed in the kitchen and seldom showed his face in the dining room . 
 mrs. wei analyzed budda without moving a step toward the door to greet him . 
 she assumed he was not there to eat . 
 kids occasionally came in to sell candy bars . 
 why did they all think they could take advantage of immigrants ? 
 if she bought a candy bar for every marching band , scout troop , or field hockey fundraiser , beijing palace # 1 would be even further from making a decent profit . 
 still , she asked the obligatory question . 
 `` will you be dining with us this evening ? '' 
 `` yes , '' budda said , quite hungry and wondering if there was something else people did there besides eat . 
 surprised by the boy 's answer , mrs. wei took a menu from a stack at the front counter and showed him to the table nearest the door . 
 `` we have a buffet tonight , '' she said . 
 `` but we also have some nice mandarin dishes on the menu that can be made especially for you . '' 
 much to her eternal disappointment , few of her customers ordered true mandarin dishes , preferring instead the re-heated junk that was served on the buffet . 
 why anyone thought pizza -- pizza ! 
 -- and spaghetti should be served at a restaurant called beijing palace # 1 would never be clear to her . 
 `` are you expecting someone to join you ? '' 
 she asked . 
 budda mentally counted the money in his wallet . 
 if the menu did n't have dollar items , he would have to slink back out the door , embarrassed and still hungry . 
 it was best to find out about his sister right away . 
 `` i heard the starkwether girl works here , '' he said as he scoured the menu for something cheap . 
 `` i 'm here to see her . '' 
 mrs. wei emoted another sigh of profound disappointment and disappeared somewhere in the back . 
 budda mulled what he should do . 
 asking for his sister had upset the woman , and now he felt even more compelled to make up for it by ordering something , even if it was only an egg roll . 
 mrs. wei returned from the kitchen with a small bowl of steamed rice and set it in front of him . 
 budda now felt even worse . 
 he had seen how much a bowl of rice cost -- more than he had -- and he did n't even like rice . 
 `` i 'm sorry , but i do n't want to eat , '' he said . 
 `` do n't worry , '' the woman said . 
 `` rice is cheap . 
 better for you to eat than to throw away . '' 
 she went to the other table to refill their drinks . 
 the man at the table returned to the buffet to pile on another plate with four varieties of breaded or sautéed chicken . 
 he was so skinny budda wondered where he could put it all . 
 as if to transform his plate into something healthful , the man sprinkled a few sautéed green beans on top of his mount leghorn . 
 budda did n't like to be adventurous when it came to eating . 
 his idea of pushing culinary boundaries was trying strawberry instead of grape jelly on his pb&j . 
 yet , the aromas coming from the buffet table smelled delightful . 
 they reminded him of the asian dishes his dad made him try once in awhile , dishes budda refused to taste . 
 tiny pangs of homesickness began to creep in , but he blamed his burgeoning hunger instead . 
 budda considered the bowl of rice in front of him , concluding it would suffice under the circumstances . 
 he was hungry , and the rice provided an antidote , bland though it was . 
 he dowsed the contents with a generous slosh of soy sauce that turned it into rice soup . 
 he was about to take his first spoonful when a girl with tired eyes came to his table . 
 she plopped down in the chair across from him and began fidgeting with a cigarette and lighter she had placed in front of her . 
 at first , she did n't speak or even look at budda . 
 budda was mesmerized . 
 for the second time that long day , a pretty girl had joined him at his table without asking . 
 he was going to like kentucky a lot . 
 she 's trouble , blood mama said . 
 you think everyone 's trouble . 
 i do n't think it . 
 i know it . 
 she could be the reason our girl 's in a fix . 
 the girl made it clear from her blasé mien that her eight-hour shift was plenty tiresome enough without having it further dulled by a negative number like budda . 
 `` you the one looking for me ? '' 
 she asked , making it clear from her tone that she did n't care one way or another . 
 `` no , '' said budda , who was loath to say more in case she really was as much trouble as blood mama believed . 
 the girl rolled her eyes the same way budda often had seen addie do when his legal parents gave an answer she considered asinine . 
 `` my boss said a kid was here to see me , '' the girl said . 
 `` after taking an exhaustive survey of all three customers in here , i 've come to the conclusion you are indeed the only kid in this haute cuisine establishment . '' 
 `` i was looking for my sister . 
 addie starkwether , '' budda said . 
 `` i apologize for not making myself clearer . '' 
 it was a misunderstanding he found quite acceptable . 
 even though her hardened indifference was a bit off-putting , he would be content to sit at the table with the girl the rest of the night . 
 she was around the same age as addie , though prettier . 
 maybe even prettier than baresha . 
 she smelled wonderfully clean , too . 
 budda guessed she must have been scrubbing something with a bleach cleaner . 
 someone should make a perfume with bleach , he thought . 
 it seemed so obvious he wondered why no one had thought of it before . 
 maybe he would develop a bleach perfume when he got older . 
 `` i 'm kevin , and i came here to find her , '' he said . 
 he wanted this girl to know how much trouble he had gone to so far , thinking that might impress her . 
 `` i rode a bus from missouri all the way to louisville . 
 went across illinois and indiana . 
 and then i hitched a ride to valkyrie . 
 that part cost me 20 bucks . 
 then i asked around a couple of places , and i was told addie might work here . '' 
 `` you were told wrong , '' the girl said flatly . 
 she rifled an evil look at her boss , who stood at the banquet table , eavesdropping while agitating a pan of stir-fried tomatoes with a serving spoon to keep them looking fresh . 
 `` you got a starkwether , all right , but not the right one . 
 i 'm ellie , addie 's cousin . 
 louise over there has been here half her life and she still ca n't understand english . '' 
 `` it 's not her fault , '' budda said , not wanting to get louise in trouble with her kitchen help . 
 `` i did n't know addie had a cousin . 
 i just asked for the starkwether girl . 
 i did n't think about there being more than one . '' 
 budda was n't disappointed to learn that he still had some more to do to get to addie . 
 he knew ellie would have to know exactly where she was , because addie had talked about how close the starkwethers were , and how they kept an eye on each other . 
 `` maybe you could call and tell her to come here ? 
 my phone battery 's dead . '' 
 ellie fidgeted even more with the items in front of her . 
 ever since the meddlesome yahoos on the valkyrie city council forced through the smoking ban , she 'd been headachy and ill-tempered at work . 
 the weis did n't give her nearly enough smoking breaks . 
 screw it . 
 she was going to take one anyway . 
 `` i 've got to suck me some nicotine , '' she said as she stood up . 
 `` come on outside , and i 'll explain the situation to you . '' 
 ellie had the cigarette lit before they made it out the front door . 
 she began to relax immediately . 
 it was n't so bad smoking outside where she could enjoy the fresh air in her lungs . 
 exhaling a plume of smoke , she asked , `` you say you 're looking for addie , huh ? '' 
 budda nodded . 
 he was momentarily less interested in finding his sister than watching this girl put her lips around the cigarette . 
 even the smoke could n't overpower the smell of cleanliness about her . 
 he would from then on see her in his mind when he smelled bleach . 
 but he had to get that out of his mind , because that was n't what brought him to valkyrie . 
 `` i just need to find addie . '' 
 he said . 
 `` she 's inaccessible at the moment , '' ellie said , blowing a plume of smoke upward . 
 `` inaccessible in what way ? '' 
 `` the kind where she ca n't be accessed . '' 
 told you so . 
 ellie sized up budda , but she could n't make him fit as addie 's brother , even a half one she did n't know about . 
 addie had moved with her mom a long time back to missouri where her mom had an aunt or some such . 
 ellie had n't heard anything about addie until she showed up back in valkyrie a few months earlier , broke as the day she was born . 
 addie did n't talk much about all the years she 'd been away , and it did n't matter enough to ellie to ask . 
 `` i guess her mom got knocked up with you after she left here , '' ellie said , going with the most obvious possibility . 
 `` addie 's my foster sister , '' budda said absently . 
 `` how long before she can be accessed ? '' 
 he began to think blood mama was right about addie needing help . 
 ellie took a long drag , and then exhaled the smoke in bits like a chugging train as she answered . 
 `` i would n't hold my breath . 
 could be awhile . 
 sorry you came all this way for nothing . '' 
 this here girl 's a lying liar . 
 she knows where addie is , all right , blood mama said . 
 am i supposed to just accuse ellie of lying ? 
 that 's not going to make her too happy , budda said . 
 you 're thinking with the wrong part of your anatomy . 
 you 're not here to make this girl happy . 
 you 're here to save your sister . 
 ellie could see the disappointment on the boy 's face when she told him that he had made a wasted trip , and she felt a pinch of pity for him . 
 compassion was n't usually a strand of the starkwether dna , but she had been accused more than once of being adopted . 
 it was for the best if the kid went back where he came from . 
 this was not a good time to be in valkyrie . 
 he did n't need to get mixed up in the mess that was percolating . 
 hell , even she did n't need to be mixed up in it . 
 `` i guess i could give you a ride back to louisville tomorrow if you need , '' she said . 
 `` i was going to run up to the mall anyway . '' 
 blood mama whispered in her son 's ear . 
 you 're not going anywhere until you get that girl . 
 but i do n't know where to find her . 
 i 'm lucky i even got this far . 
 but you did get this far , and now you 've got to save the girl . 
 ellie could see budda was working through the situation . 
 his lips moved . 
 `` are you talking to yourself ? '' 
 she asked . 
 budda 's cheeks reddened . 
 `` maybe i could just stay at addie 's place until she gets back , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm sure she would n't mind . 
 `` that would be a fine idea , except that she does n't have a place , '' ellie said . 
 `` she 'd been rotating around with one guy and then another until she finally showed up at my place last week . 
 me and cortez let her crash on the futon . '' 
 the cigarette had burned down the filter , which ellie flicked 20 feet away in the parking lot , impressing budda . 
 he wished he could do things effortlessly like flick cigarette butts . 
 he 'd have to take up smoking first . 
 `` the offer stands to take you back to louisville tomorrow , '' she said . 
 `` until then , they got some cheap motels here in old valkyrie if you do n't mind a little dirt on the rug and scum in the bathtub . 
 if that 's not your style , they got a new holiday inn at the interstate exit that 's got an indoor pool . '' 
 `` i 'm staying as long as it takes for addie to come back , '' budda said . 
 `` unfortunately , i 've only got a couple of dollars . '' 
 `` that is unfortunate , '' ellie said . 
 `` looks like you 're pretty much out of options . 
 wish i knew what to tell you . '' 
 from the hang-dog look on budda 's face , ellie knew she 'd eventually relent and let the kid stay at her place for the night . 
 she hated louise for telling her someone had come to see her . 
 she had always tried hard to mind her own business , but she was starting to slip . 
 it must be something about the kid . 
 she felt a pinch of pity for him , which surprised and annoyed her . 
 his looks would n't turn most girls all tingly , but his sad eyes might make one or two susceptible to him . 
 she guessed it was the eyes that were affecting her now . 
 she was about to make the regrettable decision to let budda stay at her house overnight , which would set cortez on edge even more than he already was . 
 in his own way , cortez was just as helpless as this missouri kid . 
 his iq would make stephen hawking chomp through his spit tube in envy , but dear cortez could barely wipe his nose without ellie there to remind him to use kleenex . 
 he would n't like anyone else sharing ellie 's attention for the night . 
 did n't matter male or female . 
 he had been the same way when addie stayed with them , too . 
 on top of it , this business with odyn had cortez jumpier than a starbucks regular . 
 the man was becoming impossible to live with . 
 the time had come to get back to the kitchen , but ellie wanted to drag out her smoke break as long as possible . 
 she thought about testing louise 's patience and lighting up another smoke . 
 `` so addie and you had the same foster parents in missouri ? '' 
 she asked . 
 budda nodded . 
 `` i 'm adopted . 
 she probably talked about me a lot . 
 we got along good , '' he said . 
 `` she never mentioned you , '' ellie said , to budda 's disappointment . 
 `` me and addie are n't close , '' ellie added , noticing she had hurt the boy 's feelings . 
 `` but i heard her mom put her in the system when addie got to be more she could handle . '' 
 in case budda did n't know the starkwether family tree by heart , she added . 
 `` her mom was her daddy 's third wife . 
 our daddies are brothers . '' 
 ellie played with the lighter , still contemplating a second cigarette . 
 `` now there 's a worthless heap of dog crap if ever there was one , '' she said . 
 `` her daddy moved down to florida some time back , which was about the happiest day of my life . 
 he had a bad case of the roman hands , even with me , his niece . 
 he 's got lung cancer now and wo n't last long . 
 if there 's a god , uncle jack 'll be taking a skinny dip in the lake of fire before next spring . '' 
 `` addie never said anything about him , '' budda said . 
 `` i guess she was pretty close to her brothers , though . 
 she even said i looked like one of them . '' 
 that was a good one to ellie . 
 even though the starkwether boys came from two different mothers , they all had similar physiques . 
 no starkwether man topped five-foot-eight , and none had seen the south side of 200 pounds since middle school . 
 three elderly people , a man and two women , got out of an aged cadillac the color of wilted lettuce and toddled toward the restaurant 's door . 
 before they could enter , another car pulled in two spaces down from the first . 
 `` our dinner traffic is starting , what there is of it , '' ellie said she made to go back in . 
 `` i better go dump more sweet and sour on the chicken nuggets . 
 just cool your jets inside for a bit . 
 louise wo n't mind . 
 if she does , just demand to see her green card . '' 
 before returning to the kitchen , ellie went to fetch budda a coke . 
 `` grab a plate and fill it up while the stuff is still fresh , '' she said . 
 `` louise says it 's on the house . '' 
 beijing palace # 1 always had plenty of food left after its nightly buffets , which louise 's husband would reheat for the next night . 
 the restaurant would n't be in business long . 
 budda did n't see much of ellie the next two hours , except when she came from the kitchen to bus tables or refill buffet pans . 
 business at the restaurant could be described as semi-busy , though budda was never in danger of relinquishing his table to paying customers . 
 he went back to the buffet table three times . 
 chinese food was awfully good when a person was starving , he surmised , which explained why he had seen video of starving africans getting bags of rice . 
 he was stuffed by the time business slowed down again . 
 even mrs. wei was impressed by his appetite . 
 she brought him coke refills when he needed them , and remarked how much he ate when she brought a third glass . 
 `` chow mein will be coming from your ears if you eat any more , '' she said . 
 budda unconsciously touched his right ear to see if he could detect any noodles there . 
 `` i guess i 've had enough then , '' he said . 
 `` your food is real good . 
 thank you . '' 
 lingering at his table , louise said . 
 `` ellie said that you live in missouri . 
 i have relatives in springfield , missouri . '' 
 `` i almost went to branson once , '' budda said . 
 `` that 's near there . 
 my dad was going to take me and my brother to silver dollar city , but something came up . 
 i do n't remember what . 
 i think he was afraid we 'd get killed on the roller coaster . '' 
 `` you came here to visit ellie ? '' 
 `` not really , '' budda said . 
 `` i 'm here to see my sister , except ellie says she 's inaccessible . '' 
 louise wiped a nearby table that had already been cleared of its plates . 
 `` you should stay away from ellie , '' she said . 
 8 when the restaurant closed at ten , budda was overstuffed , exhausted and wishing for a good night 's sleep . 
 he hoped ellie would invite him to spend the night at her place -- they were practically family after all -- but he would gladly curl up in a corner of the restaurant if mrs. wei would let him . 
 at that point , even a cold floor with food spills and empty fortune cookie wrappers looked inviting . 
 a smallish young man engulfed in an overstuffed , neon orange parka strode in the front door . 
 he scanned the dining room like whoever he came to see better damn well be there . 
 baresha 's weekend boyfriend came to budda 's mind , and he wondered if they knew each other . 
 maybe there was a club for that sort of guy in kentucky . 
 budda wished he could walk into a place like he knew what he was doing . 
 budda nearly told the man the restaurant was closed -- mrs. wei was in the back -- but it was n't his place to do so . 
 the guy headed to the kitchen like he knew where he was going . 
 budda envied the man 's wavy brown hair , which was so full of body that it bounced as he walked . 
 it looked as if the hair might even detach from the guy 's head if he walked much faster . 
 budda 's own copper-colored thatch , with the holding power of steel brush bristles , never bounced . 
 it behaved like he sprayed it daily with a full can of aquanet . 
 more than his locks , budda admired mr. goodhair 's fluffy parka . 
 he coveted it . 
 though a bit overkill for the mild weather , the coat looked tantalizingly cozy . 
 it would make a good pillow . 
 if budda had that coat , he would it use it to cushion his head on the floor . 
 yes , he would be asleep in seconds if he had a parka like that . 
 even with the parka , budda would n't have been able to sleep , though , not with the racket coming from the back . 
 it was a kitchen argument -- budda had heard enough of them between his parents when his legal mother still lived at home . 
 he could make out mrs. wei 's voice . 
 then there was ellie , who spoke up occasionally . 
 of the two male voices , the accented one -- mr. wei -- said little . 
 but the other one , mr. goodhair for sure , had the most to say . 
 most of the arguing was between him and mrs. wei . 
 after a noisy few minutes , ellie stormed out from the back with mr. goodhair right behind her . 
 `` my point being that you did the work , so they owe you the money even if it 's not payday , '' he said . 
 `` it 's the law . 
 you can look it up . '' 
 ellie did n't slow , did n't look at budda , and did not appear interested in looking up anything at that moment . 
 she kept her sights trained on the front door and left . 
 the man in the parka followed close behind her , still spieling on labor law . 
 better get after her , blood mama said . 
 that girl is your only connection to the other one . 
 before budda could get up from the table , mrs. wei shot from the kitchen and locked the front door . 
 budda feared she was going to make him pay for all the rice he 'd eaten after all . 
 maybe they 'll let you pay off your tab by washing some dishes , except you 're not much good at cleaning things . 
 your bedroom proves that . 
 mr. wei made his first appearance of night in the dining room . 
 his white apron was covered with food spots and sauce blotches . 
 `` are they gone yet ? '' 
 he asked his wife . 
 she had pulled back the bamboo blinds from the window to peer outside . 
 `` they 're in his car , '' she said . 
 `` he 's yelling , and she 's just sitting there . '' 
 she clicked her tongue . 
 `` i do n't know why we keep her . '' 
 eventually , the car 's ignition fired . 
 mrs. wei looked back toward her husband to say something else when she saw budda , whom she had forgotten about . 
 she was about to ask him why he was still there when ellie tried to open the front door . 
 she rapped on the glass . 
 louise peered past her , and , not seeing her boyfriend standing there , grudgingly let her in . 
 ellie poked her head in and spotted budda . 
 `` you coming or not ? '' 
 budda hurried out , forgetting to thank louise again for the free food and drinks . 
 budda got in the back seat of the car behind ellie , who was in the front passenger seat next to mr. goodhair . 
 ellie introduced him as cortez . 
 she did n't say they were boyfriend-girlfriend , but budda assumed so because of the arguing . 
 cortez pouted about something -- the money he mentioned in the restaurant , budda figured -- but ellie acted like it had been no big deal , a normal occurrence between them . 
 she lit a cigarette and handed it to cortez . 
 then she lit another and offered it to budda . 
 when he declined , she kept it for herself . 
 she produced a fifth of jack daniels from somewhere beneath her seat and took a long swig . 
 budda had never seen a woman drink directly from a liquor bottle before , even his legal mother . 
 the drink had a loosening effect on ellie 's tongue . 
 `` kevin came here from missouri , '' ellie told cortez , who did n't care . 
 `` he 's down here to look for addie . 
 they were fosters together . 
 i told him it was a wasted trip because addie is n't around . '' 
 still nothing from cortez . 
 he tapped the steering wheel repeatedly like budda 's dad did when he was stuck in traffic . 
 there were few other cars on the road that late at night in valkyrie . 
 `` i 'm thinking we 'll let him sleep on the futon tonight , and then i 'll run him back up to louisville tomorrow . 
 sound okay to you ? '' 
 budda guessed it was n't okay with cortez , at least not the part about him staying all night . 
 still , the guy did n't speak . 
 he tapped the steering wheel even harder . 
 budda was n't about to give up and go back to st. louis so soon , but he was n't going to argue with ellie as long as she was giving him a place to sleep for at least one night . 
 since he had only a couple of dollars , he would have to find someplace else to stay saturday night . 
 one night at ellie 's place would be plenty . 
 he would figure out how to find addie once he 'd gotten a restful sleep . 
 he hoped ellie and her boyfriend liked to go to bed at a decent hour . 
 ellie turned back toward budda to apologize for her boyfriend 's mood . 
 `` as you can see , cortez does n't have a sunny disposition right now . 
 he got himself in a little trouble with odyn . 
 that 's addie 's oldest brother . 
 cortez here thinks just because me and odyn are cousins that i can get him to lay off a bit . 
 i keep telling cortez nothing comes between odyn and his business , even blood . 
 `` cortez also figured i should help him by getting the weis to give me an advance on my pay . 
 again , incorrect . 
 i told him that was n't happening because louise is tighter than a virgin spinster . '' 
 budda could n't make out what odyn 's business was , but it did n't seem to bother ellie much that cortez was in trouble . 
 `` i tell cortez he ought to be careful around odyn , '' she said . 
 `` but cortez 's got a hearing problem , do n't you , cortez ? '' 
 she yelled it like he really was near-deaf . 
 `` especially when it involves making a few extra bucks . '' 
 cortez grumbled something budda could n't make out , except for `` lard ass '' . 
 `` you see much oxy floating around there where you live ? '' 
 ellie asked budda . 
 budda thought for a moment before answering no . 
 he was n't sure what oxy was , and therefore could n't offer insight on the floating of it . 
 cortez turned off the main road and into a subdivision with one-story ranches . 
 some yards and front steps were decorated with pumpkins . 
 budda had forgotten that it was getting close to halloween . 
 the jessicos were n't much for holiday decorating . 
 one yard had a large inflated black cat . 
 another had a casper the friendly ghost , which was only partially inflated and made the ghost seem more forlorn than amiable . 
 `` oxy 's like cheap candy in florida , '' ellie said . 
 `` they got clinics all over the place down there that 'll give it out to anybody . 
 just say you got a bad back or a hang nail and , bang , they write a prescription . 
 that 's why uncle jack moved to jacksonville in the first place . 
 he gets people working for him to go around to all of the clinics , and then he sends the stuff up here to sell for a profit . 
 if he was around in 1849 , he would have gone out to california to prospect for gold . 
 instead , he went down to florida to prospect for oxy . 
 `` odyn sent cortez and addie down there to get a batch of it last week . 
 uncle jack swears they left florida with the stuff , but they came back empty handed . 
 addie up and disappeared , and cortez wo n't even tell me what happened . 
 is n't that right , cortez ? '' 
 ellie did n't wait for a response that would n't come . 
 `` so now odyn 's got his panties in a wad because he 's got nothing to show for that trip to florida . '' 
 `` maybe addie went back to florida to find that medicine , '' budda suggested . 
 `` yeah , '' ellie said . 
 `` or maybe aliens abducted her . '' 
 the ever-silent cortez pulled up in front of a small house with a covered car port . 
 it was at the end of a cul-de-sac and looked smaller and cheaper than most of the other houses in the neighborhood . 
 ellie and cortez had not bothered with halloween decorations . 
 they did n't strike budda as the holiday decorating types either . 
 inside the house next door , a dog that sounded as big as a mack truck warned that whoever was out there better not get any crazy ideas about paying a visit . 
 `` someday i 'm gon na choke that yappy mutt , '' cortez muttered . 
 it was the first intelligible sentence cortez had uttered since leaving the restaurant . 
 `` feel free to use the shower after me , '' ellie said to budda . 
 `` either something curled up and died in the car , or you 're starting to get a bit ripe . '' 
 the small house reeked of tar and nicotine . 
 the walls were a sandy color , but had been closer to white before becoming coated in cigarette soot . 
 ellie immediately disappeared into a back room , while cortez plopped on a worn futon and lit a marlboro from a pack tucked in his parka 's huge side pocket . 
 he stood up , paced a few steps , and then sat down again like he was n't sure what to do with himself . 
 he turned on a large flat screen tv , which hung off kilter on the far wall . 
 after flipping through several channels , cortez stopped at the discovery channel . 
 after a few seconds , he began changing channels again , only to come back to discovery . 
 the only other piece of furniture in the room other than the futon was a vinyl recliner with a patch of duct tape covering one back corner . 
 budda was afraid to sit in it . 
 instead , he stood inside the front door , because cortez had yet to acknowledge his existence . 
 the tv program had something to do with tsunamis , which was the sort of thing budda liked to watch . 
 he thought he would like to see a tsunami in person one day , once he learned to swim better . 
 however , he did n't want to appear too interested in the program should that be what would set off cortez . 
 instead , he would try starting with a compliment . 
 `` that 's a nice coat you 've got , '' budda said . 
 cortez crossed his arms against his chest like he dared budda to try to take it from him . 
 nothing could separate him from his parka . 
 cortez 's cigarette helped him relax a bit . 
 at the first commercial break , he said , `` i went to vandy for a semester . 
 they do n't let just anyone in vandy , you know . 
 you have to be off-the-charts intelligent . '' 
 budda assumed cortez was talking to him , though he did n't look budda 's way . 
 it could have been that he was talking to the tv . 
 budda 's father did that a lot -- talked to the tv , especially when he was watching cnn . 
 budda decided he should take a chance and say something back . 
 `` vandy 's a school ? '' 
 the question alternately irked and amused cortez , as it always did when people pretended they knew nothing about the greatest university in the south . 
 budda 's question also got cortez to look straight at the boy for the first time , and he did n't like the smartass skinny thing he saw standing at the front door . 
 too good to even sit down , and acting like he did n't know what vandy was . 
 the nerve . 
 everyone with half a brain knew about vanderbilt university . 
 `` beats any school you got there in missouri , '' cortez said . 
 he stood again and began pacing the small area between the tv and the recliner . 
 `` and vanderbilt begged me to go there . 
 paid me even . '' 
 `` i wish someone would pay me to go to school , '' budda said . 
 `` maybe i would n't hate it nearly so much . '' 
 `` that 's a conundrum , '' cortez said . 
 `` you probably do n't know what that means , but you have to do really well in your classes if you want to get a scholarship . 
 and if you hate it so much , you 're not likely to do well , are you ? '' 
 he took a deep drag from the marlboro and then blew the smoke toward the ceiling like he was doing budda a courtesy . 
 the top half of the room was already a slate haze . 
 `` anyway , vandy was n't teaching me anything i did n't already know , so i told them to take their $ 200 organic chemistry textbook and shove it up their collective posterior , '' he said . 
 `` no sense wasting my time . '' 
 while cortez plunked down on the futon and re-focused his attention on the tsunami program , budda 's thoughts wandered to the muffled hum of the shower running . 
 he pictured ellie naked in there and hoped someone as smart as cortez was n't a mind reader . 
 budda had the same problem when addie took showers . 
 he knew it was wrong , even though lando swore it was n't . 
 but that was the way lando thought about most things . 
 he walked in on addie once when she was in the shower , swearing he did n't know the bathroom was occupied . 
 budda still could n't believe lando lived to tell the tale . 
 addie must have been so surprised she could n't react . 
 `` not a one of us in this house is actually related , '' lando said later . 
 `` if i want to see that bitch or anyone else naked , it 's okay as far as the bible 's concerned . '' 
 budda was n't sure about that , but he was n't a biblical expert like his brother . 
 a few minutes later , ellie came back into the front room , now wearing sweat pants and a blue `` kentucky '' shirt . 
 her hair fell wet and scraggly on her shoulders . 
 it was clear to budda that she was n't wearing a bra . 
 no crime in looking , blood mama said . 
 budda quickly averted his gaze before ellie caught him . 
 his eyes locked on cortez who glared at him like he really could read budda 's mind . 
 `` what were you looking at ? '' 
 cortez asked . 
 budda shrugged . 
 `` i let you be a guest in this house , and you think it 's okay to stare at my girl 's boobs like that ? '' 
 `` i was n't looking at ... '' `` do n't lie to me , '' cortez said . 
 `` you insult my intelligence when you do so . '' 
 that , budda guessed , was the worst thing anyone could do to cortez . 
 cortez leaned forward in his seat and patted the front pocket of his coat . 
 `` i 've got a knife in here i keep very sharp . 
 maybe i 'll nick off a bit of your ear lobe to get your attention . '' 
 `` you have my attention , '' budda said , backing against the door . 
 `` i promise you . '' 
 ellie had heard it all before -- even the threat with the knife which cortez did n't have . 
 he got easily annoyed anytime someone 's gaze lingered on her a bit too long for his liking . 
 his protectiveness was the thing that pleased her most , but this strange boy who came so far to find her cousin looked like he would melt if anyone even looked his way . 
 `` turn it down a notch , '' she told cortez . 
 `` he was n't looking at me like that . '' 
 `` i know the look , '' cortez said . 
 ellie knew the quickest way to get her boyfriend 's mind on something else . 
 `` i heard from the bedroom that you were telling him all about your wonderful vandy experience , '' ellie said . 
 `` what took you so long ? '' 
 `` you did n't even stick to high school , '' cortez said . 
 `` so do n't even think about making fun of vandy again . '' 
 now that cortez 's mind was back on his favorite subject , ellie told budda he could take his turn in the shower . 
 `` i put a towel in the bathroom for you . 
 the water heater is n't worth much , so i 'd get in there in case cortez takes off that parka for the first time in a week and beats you to it . '' 
 it was the first shower budda had taken in two days , and it felt great to have hot thumping of the water against his back . 
 he took longer than he should have , and the water had begun to cool before he finished . 
 he had an inkling cortez would n't be taking a shower right after him anyway . 
 the orange parka seemed too much a part of him to take it off for something as unimportant as bathing . 
 the steamy bathroom was no bigger than a hall closet , and budda repeatedly banged his elbows against the wall as he toweled off . 
 the sharp quick pain kept at bay the powerful fatigue that was about to overtake him . 
 he had gotten less than two hours of sleep since wednesday night . 
 it was now friday night , and he was ready for a good sleep , even if he had to do it on the smoke-soaked futon in the front room . 
 if necessary , he could sleep standing up . 
 he had only brought one complete change of clothes -- a pair of jeans and a southeast missouri state t-shirt -- and debated if he should hold off wearing the clean set yet . 
 he also worried that cortez would make fun of the shirt . 
 cortez would say semo was n't nearly as good as vandy . 
 budda knew nothing about the academic standing of semo , but his dad had gone there and had given him the shirt last christmas . 
 he also liked to say the name . 
 semo sounded cooler than vandy . 
 he took a whiff of the clothes he 'd put on wednesday night in st. louis just before he went to bed . 
 he could smell the vestiges of greyhound , mcdonald 's , and china palace # 1 on them , and sweat from his walk through valkyrie . 
 but the most prevalent odor was from marlboros . 
 he thought he detected a hint of baresha 's perfume , too , and there was definitely some bleach mixed in there . 
 partly to start fresh and primarily to please ellie , he put on the clean set and steeled himself for cortez 's critique of the shirt . 
 when he returned to the front room , cortez and ellie were n't alone . 
 a roly poly man engulfed the futon . 
 he looked out of place on such a simple piece of furniture . 
 budda could n't remember seeing a man so round . 
 the ratty futon had seemed normal-sized when the smallish cortez occupied it . 
 but it now looked prone to bust apart under the weight of the newcomer . 
 budda worried it would no longer be stable once he got a chance to sleep on it . 
 as enormous as the man 's gut was , his legs were as skinny as pipe cleaners , like he had cinched his belt so tight that the blubber could n't make it past his waist . 
 the first image that came to budda 's mind was humpty dumpty . 
 now we 're getting somewhere . 
 this big ol’ boy 's got to be the one who knows everything . 
 ellie and cortez shared the dismal recliner . 
 budda had no choice but to stand . 
 he did n't feel relaxed or welcome enough to sit on the floor . 
 the large man surveyed budda with obvious amusement . 
 `` you say this toothpick 's my brother ? '' 
 with both hands , he squeezed a hunk of belly fat and jiggled it . 
 `` i do n't detect a family resemblance . '' 
 ellie introduced them . 
 `` kevin , this here 's odyn . 
 i was telling him how you and addie was brother-sister for awhile , which i guess makes you and odyn almost like family . '' 
 budda could tell something bothered ellie , and it was n't just because she was sitting awkwardly on the arm of the recliner . 
 her languid demeanor from earlier in the evening had vanished . 
 the cigarette she pinched between her thumb and middle finger noticeably shook in her grasp . 
 when she drew the filter to her mouth , she sucked hard and long as if she could n't quite take in enough smoke to calm her nerves . 
 cortez sat with his hands shoved deep in the side pockets of his parka , but each hand was in perpetual motion like a cat trying to escape a bag . 
 his timberland boots clacked together like he was dorothy trying to get back to kansas . 
 odyn took no notice of ellie or cortez , instead regarding budda with some disappointment . 
 he had been expecting more than the dog bone he saw now . 
 from all the bragging addie had done when she returned from missouri , he gathered she lived with a rich , happy family . 
 however , this boy did n't look like he came from much . 
 ellie had said the kid was staying with her and cortez that night , but that was n't going to cut it . 
 the boy needed to be anyplace else but at the house . 
 `` you and me ought to get to know each other better , maybe go out for a ride , see the town , '' odyn said . 
 `` first , i need to finish a little business conversation i was having here with cortez . 
 do n't let his apathetic demeanor fool you . 
 he 's hanging on every word . 
 is n't that right , cortez ? '' 
 odyn breathed heavily like his heart and lungs were overworked . 
 a tiny bead of saliva settled on his bottom lip , getting a little bigger each time he spoke . 
 every so often , he sucked the spit off his lip . 
 subconsciously , budda began to lick his lower lip , too . 
 cortez pretended he was n't listening to odyn , staring up at the ceiling as if whatever he saw up there was more fascinating than what odyn had to say . 
 budda could n't see anything up there . 
 but then , he was n't vandy material , was he ? 
 cortez shook loose a cigarette from his pack and fired it up . 
 odyn had been lecturing cortez when budda entered the room , which he now continued . 
 `` i let you work for me because you 're like family , on account of how you 're co-habitating here with my cousin . 
 but semi-family or not , you 've got to pay up , one way or another . 
 i 'm going to give you until , let 's say , this time tomorrow . '' 
 odyn checked his watch . 
 `` let 's round it off to eleven o’clock . 
 i 'll be back here to pick up my inventory then . '' 
 cortez now seemed interested and looked at odyn . 
 `` i told you i do n't have it . '' 
 he pulled his hands from the parka . 
 he was holding a pack of cigarettes in one hand and a lighter in the other . 
 `` i believe you , '' odyn said . 
 `` that 's why i said tomorrow night instead of now . 
 that 'll give you time to get it . '' 
 `` and if he ca n't ? '' 
 ellie asked . 
 `` he will . 
 wo n't you , cortez ? '' 
 cortez did n't answer . 
 `` ca n't you just give him until monday ? '' 
 ellie asked , taking another long drag of her cigarette . 
 `` he can get the money by then . '' 
 for the first time , odyn seemed perturbed . 
 `` who said anything about money ? 
 i want those percs in my possession when i leave here tomorrow night at ... '' he looked at his watch again . 
 `` tell you what . 
 let 's make it nine o’clock . 
 i just remembered i got some plans later on in the evening . '' 
 i knew it . 
 addie really is in trouble , and the fat man 's the answer to all of it . 
 odyn readjusted on the futon in a subtle way that signaled he was finished dealing with cortez and ellie . 
 the issue of the missing inventory would n't be brought up or thought of again until the following night . 
 he turned to budda , who eyed the futon as the only means of his salvation from exhaustion . 
 by the way the man stared at him , however , budda knew odyn expected his full attention in return . 
 `` kid , you look like you 're about to fall over , '' odyn said . 
 `` i could use a little sleep , '' budda said . 
 forget beddy-by , you need to find out what he did with addie . 
 do n't let him leave until you do . 
 odyn dug into a hidden fold of his xxxl members only and exhumed two blue and silver cans of energy drink . 
 the cans looked no bigger than horse pills in odyn 's giant hand . 
 `` these are like magic bullets . 
 get you back among the living in no time . '' 
 rather than toss each can individually to budda , odyn threw them to him at the same time . 
 budda juggled them , but held on . 
 he studied the red bulls . 
 more forbidden nectar that he was about to try for the first time . 
 such drinks were against the rules in the jessico home where no caffeine was allowed , though lando kept a partially-consumed two-liter of flat mountain dew code red in his underwear drawer for sugar emergencies . 
 `` drink them down , boy , '' odyn said . 
 `` they wo n't do you much good if you just stand there and gawk at them . '' 
 budda complied , feeling like a rebel as he did so . 
 even lando would envy him . 
 the second can tasted no better than the first . 
 `` i got some more in the car if you need one , '' odyn said . 
 `` now , how about you and me go grab a bite to eat ? '' 
 the invitation was only for budda , as if ellie and cortez were no longer present . 
 the caffeine and taurine would n't course their way to budda 's heart for awhile , and he was still exhausted . 
 all he wanted was to lie down immediately . 
 `` i only just ate a while ago , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm not real hungry , but thank you for the drinks . '' 
 odyn hefted himself off the sagging couch , which looked like it might never recover from the strain . 
 `` you 'll watch me eat then , '' he said . 
 `` it 's quite a show , i 'm told . '' 
 do n't you dare go with that man before you ask about the girl . 
 ask him ! 
 ask him right now ! 
 budda followed the penguin-waddling odyn out the front door . 
 neither of them acknowledged ellie and cortez . 
 it was if they had left the house empty with their departure . 
 9 budda had walked out of ellie 's house without his backpack . 
 he now wished he had his dirty shirt to put over the semo one because the temperature was dropping quickly . 
 he crossed his arms and buried his hands in his armpits to keep warm . 
 budda had supposed that odyn , if he was some kind of drug lord , would drive something nicer than an old buick lesabre . 
 but this vehicle was worse than his dad 's ’92 corolla . 
 at least the corolla had a working heater and did n't lean to the driver 's side . 
 that part made sense to budda since his father was a lot smaller than odyn . 
 everyone was smaller than odyn . 
 `` glad to get out of that place , '' odyn said . 
 `` always feel like a smokestack every time i 'm around those two . 
 all that smoke 's bad for my lungs . '' 
 budda figured odyn had a lot of health issues besides second-hand smoke , but he kept that thought to himself . 
 what are we doing in here ? 
 blood mama asked . 
 seeing the sights , i guess . 
 i do n't think sightseeing 's much of a pastime around here . 
 you should n't have gotten in the car with this whale . 
 you should have asked about addie back at the house while you had witnesses . 
 in case you have n't figured it out , he 's a drug dealer . 
 you 're a fine one to talk about hanging out with drug dealers , budda said . 
 this big ol’ boy do n't know nothing else but bad . 
 never get in the car with a criminal unless you 're figuring to do criminal things . 
 you said i needed to come here to save addie , and that 's what i 'm going to do . 
 i 'll ask him to take me to where she is . 
 `` did you say something ? '' 
 odyn asked . 
 the boy had been mumbling something to himself . 
 `` any chance you could tell me where to find addie ? '' 
 budda asked . 
 `` i do n't think ellie knows where she is . '' 
 `` no , i doubt she does , '' odyn said . 
 budda was n't sure what the man meant , but he felt goose bumps on his arms that he could n't associate with the cold . 
 the car wreaked of something budda could n't pinpoint , but it reminded him a little of a squirrel carcass he found in the spring when lando and he were cleaning leaves from the gutters at home . 
 the squirrel had died months earlier and was in advanced decay . 
 there was no smell to it unless budda held it close to his nose , which he could n't resist . 
 the odor was so richly toxic that he had n't forgotten it . 
 that odor 's coming from your chunky chauffeur . 
 i 'll bet he 's got some folds of flesh that have n't felt the lather of a good soaping in ages . 
 budda recognized the road they were on , the same one that he trekked from the walgreens to the convenience store . 
 odyn was trying to decide where to eat . 
 next to the actual act of eating , thinking about where to do it was the best part of his day . 
 `` i wish that chinese place stayed open this late , '' he said . 
 `` i think they close early because they know i 'm a late-night eater . 
 they lose money when i hit their buffet . 
 my , how i love those two words together -- ` chinese ' and ` buffet ' . 
 ` buffet ' is pretty good all by itself , but you put ` chinese ' in front of it and then you really got something . 
 prettiest words in the english language , and ` buffet ' is n't even english . '' 
 odyn thought for a moment . 
 `` i 'm not sure if ` chinese ' is an english word either . '' 
 budda was n't sure either . 
 `` the reason this country 's going to piss so fast is because of the chinese , '' odyn said , assuming budda had been wondering about it . 
 `` they all sneak over here on boats , in shipping containers with nothing but tiny air holes . 
 they pack some rice to eat and bring a can to shit in , because they 're stuck in those containers the whole way across the water . 
 when they finally get out , you could n't force them to ever go back to china . 
 so , they work real hard to make it in america , a lot harder than you and i would ever work . 
 and pretty soon this 'll be the united states of china . 
 mexicans are the same way , except they 're not as smart as the chinese . 
 nobody 's as smart as the chinese . '' 
 he licked his lip to catch the saliva that had collected there . 
 odyn scared budda more than a bit , and budda thought he should say something to show he was interested in what his tour guide had to say . 
 `` uh huh , '' he managed . 
 that seemed to satisfy odyn . 
 `` what say we drop in at nannie 's kitchen ? 
 my treat , '' odyn said , turning right onto the new highway budda had ridden into town with mogley . 
 `` it 's like ihop only better . 
 first i need to call my little bro . '' 
 odyn speed-dialed a number . 
 `` hey , maxie . 
 he 's over there at the house now , '' odyn said into the phone . 
 `` get po po and clell and get over there and take care of things ... try to keep yourself under control . 
 we do n't need a big mess . '' 
 i told you this fella was dangerous , blood mama said . 
 you 're imagining things , budda said . 
 those boys ai n't going over there to swiffer the floor . 
 i 'd hate to be that boy in the parka right about now . 
 odyn finished the call as he pulled into the restaurant parking lot . 
 `` you 'll meet the other boys a bit later , '' he said . 
 `` they 're going to be tied up for a bit . '' 
 here 's your chance to make a run for it . 
 we 'll figure out another way to get the girl . 
 odyn thought for a moment . 
 `` i do n't know what we 'd be to you exactly , you and us . 
 we 're not your half brothers , i do n't guess . 
 foster half-brothers maybe ? 
 hell , we 're some sort of something . '' 
 `` um hmm , '' budda said , afraid his teeth would chatter from the cold if he opened his mouth . 
 he suspected blood mama was right that he should get away from odyn , but he could n't make himself do it . 
 as soon as he ran off , he would be lost . 
 `` you do n't say much do you ? '' 
 odyn asked as he excavated another red bull from an insulated lunch bag between his feet . 
 he handed it to budda . 
 `` this 'll help . '' 
 nannie 's kitchen was not part of new valkyrie . 
 judging from the gray cloud that hung near the ceiling , word of the smoking ban had yet to reach it . 
 budda imagined ellie would find the working environment more to her liking than beijing palace # 1 . 
 she would n't have to take a smoke break to keep a consistent buzz going . 
 the restaurant 's theme could be described as something between cowboy and farmer . 
 the waitresses wore red and white gingham shirts and dickies denim overalls . 
 the sign at the front said `` seat yerself , pardner '' . 
 budda guessed the sign on the men 's bathroom would either read `` cowpokes '' or `` gents . '' 
 odyn led the way to a booth . 
 the restaurant was so ancient it could have served a western omelet or two to the daniel boone family . 
 the décor had n't been updated this century , and neither had the waitresses . 
 a primordial woman with white hair in a net toddled over to their booth and slammed menus in front of odyn and budda . 
 she looked tired enough to have been at the end of a 12-hour shift . 
 `` coffee ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` damn straight , '' odyn said , `` and make sure his has all the caffeine the law will allow . 
 he acts about half dead . '' 
 as she poured the coffee , the waitress asked if they knew what they wanted . 
 she knew odyn did , because he ordered the same mountain of food every time . 
 he always ordered it the same way , too , like a christmas song that was annoying even in december . 
 `` four french toasts , three strips of bacon , two fried eggs , and a partridge in a pear tree . 
 and if you do n't have the partridge , i 'll settle for a double order of hash browns . '' 
 she did n't need to write it down . 
 `` you ? '' 
 she asked budda . 
 he still was n't hungry , especially after taking in three energy drinks , but he wanted to keep on odyn 's good side . 
 also , he saw a chance to make up for the interrupted breakfast earlier that day at the hotel . 
 furiously studying the menu , he asked , `` do you have waffles ? '' 
 `` matter of fact , we just introduced them today , '' the waitress said with sarcasm budda did n't catch . 
 `` still trying to get the hang of making them though . 
 you want to give them a try ? '' 
 budda said he did . 
 the coffee was bitter to budda , but real men did n't drink it with sugar , he assumed , so he tried to force it down . 
 that and the energy drinks were beginning to have their affect , but it was n't a completely positive one . 
 budda 's stomach began to stir . 
 odyn texted continuously while they waited for their food , and he was so involved in it that he seemed to have forgotten budda was present . 
 budda , sensing he would n't get much help finding addie , mulled just getting up and walking away . 
 but then what ? 
 before he could decide what to do , the food arrived . 
 his appetite had n't returned , but odyn had no trouble finding his . 
 he stabbed his first piece of french toast as soon as the plate hit the table . 
 as budda forced himself to eat , odyn educated him on the history of his food . 
 `` you know french toast did n't come from france do n't you ? '' 
 odyn said , with soggy egg-coated bread visibly tumbling around his mouth like clothes in a dryer . 
 `` goes all the way back to ancient rome . 
 they would n't toss out uneaten food like we do . 
 even when the bread went stale and moldy , they 'd use every last bit of it . 
 they sloshed it around in egg yolk to get it moist again , and then they fried it up . '' 
 he speared another hunk of toast with a strip of bacon for good measure and shoveled it in . 
 `` the romans poured honey on their toast . 
 the butter thing came a lot later . 
 you can still get honey here if you ask special , but they do n't put that on the menu . 
 i bet if caesar knew it was called french toast , he 'd have a shit fit wondering why the backwoods gauls were getting all the credit for it . '' 
 budda was n't listening , distracted as he was by the sudden change in his body . 
 the combination of coffee , red bulls and syrup were making his heart pound in his chest like it did when he ran wind sprints in gym . 
 he never liked the feeling when he ran , and he did n't like it now . 
 he tried to take his mind off it by talking . 
 `` when addie gets back , i 'd like to see her , '' he said . 
 `` any idea when that would be ? '' 
 odyn 's face darkened , like budda had brought up something he was n't supposed to . 
 `` you sure are bent on seeing her , are n't you ? '' 
 `` well , that is the reason i came here , '' budda said . 
 `` i 'm not going back home . 
 when i find addie , i 'm going stay around here , get a job at mcdonald 's , or maybe with a landscaping crew . 
 i dropped out of school and everything . '' 
 he hoped being a runaway and a dropout would impress a guy like odyn . 
 `` valkyrie is n't the kind of place for a kid like you , '' odyn said . 
 `` and dropping out of school is for fools . '' 
 his feelings hurt , budda said , `` i did n't mean i was dropping out for good . 
 i was going to get into the high school here . 
 you got one here , right ? '' 
 `` you 're not staying in valkyrie , '' odyn said , stamping a period on the subject . 
 if valkyrie was n't a safe place for him , budda knew it was n't a good place for addie either . 
 when he found her , he would get her away from valkyrie . 
 odyn 's phone vibrated to life . 
 before picking it up , he dabbed at a drizzle of syrup that had dripped on it . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 he answered , licking his finger of the syrup . 
 `` good ... no big mess , i hope . 
 what about her ? 
 ... good . 
 smart girl . 
 find anything ? 
 ... did n't figure so . 
 okay , stuff what there is in a garbage bag and bring it with you . '' 
 after finishing the call , odyn relaxed again . 
 he only had a corner of a french toast piece left , but he spattered more syrup on it before jamming it in his mouth . 
 he threw some cash on the table and got up to leave . 
 `` i need to use the bathroom first , '' budda said . 
 he hurried to the other end of side of the restaurant where he found the `` gents '' door . 
 he was in luck that no one was using the toilet . 
 he immediately puked up his waffles and coffee . 
 10 after leaving nannie 's kitchen , odyn drove back up the main highway in the direction of the interstate before turning right on a street that had new subdivisions on both sides . 
 each entrance was superbly landscaped , terraced and lit up like the main runway at the st. louis airport . 
 odyn turned left into one of the neighborhoods and took two rights before he stopped in front of a brick two-story with two feeble japanese maple saplings planted near the curb . 
 each sapling , which had its own landscape spotlight , was surrounded by a mountain of black bark mulch . 
 this was the kind of place budda wished he lived . 
 the neighborhood was unencumbered by large trees , trees which had leaves , which had to be raked and bagged each weekend in november because your dad said you and your brother needed to learn the value of honest work . 
 and you did most of the raking and bagging because your brother never did enough to break a sweat . 
 budda did n't think this was odyn 's house , because he could n't associate the manicured lawn with a mess like odyn . 
 instead , budda hoped this was where addie was staying . 
 odyn revved his engine a couple of times and watched the front of the house . 
 it was about one o’clock . 
 no lights were obvious inside the house . 
 odyn stomped the gas again and watched some more . 
 nobody came to the door . 
 then he honked . 
 still no change in the house . 
 `` go ring the bell , '' odyn said . 
 it seemed too late to budda to ring doorbells , but he still hoped odyn had brought him here to get addie . 
 he asked blood mama what he should do . 
 so , now you want my advice ? 
 would you rather be out there ringing a bell or sitting in here with the william smell overture ? 
 i 'm not real excited about either choice , he said . 
 i 'd take my chances with what 's behind door number one . 
 it might be your chance to get away , like i told you to do in the first place . 
 `` go on , '' odyn said with no sign of impatience . 
 `` you ca n't ring it from here . '' 
 budda crept up the front walkway , hoping there was n't already a gun pointed at him from the front bay window . 
 he rang the bell and waited . 
 two minutes later , a young woman answered the door . 
 she was pretty , and she looked at budda like most pretty girls did , which was to look through him . 
 he chose not to like her . 
 you 're right . 
 she wo n't help you get away . 
 the woman saw odyn 's car , lingered a moment , and then shut the door . 
 budda had started back to the car when odyn rolled down the passenger side window . 
 `` do n't go anywhere , '' he said . 
 `` she 'll be back . '' 
 as predicted , the woman opened the door a minute later and shoved a small roll of cash at budda without looking at him . 
 she shut the door before he could thank her . 
 before returning to the car , budda scooped up a five dollar bill that had dropped on the front landing . 
 back in the car , odyn counted the money with delight . 
 `` well done , little man , '' he said . 
 `` what did you think of that gal ? 
 i prefer a little more meat on the bones , but she 's still pretty sweet , huh ? '' 
 `` i do n't think she was real happy to see us so late at night , '' budda said . 
 `` that 's the point of it . 
 if these people get slow to pay , i personally come to see them when all their neighbors are at home and peeking out their windows to see what all the noise is about . '' 
 odyn stuffed the cash in the zip-up lunch box on the floorboard . 
 he then tapped the steering wheel and smiled . 
 `` i do so love this part . '' 
 as odyn drove away , he reached in the back seat and riffled through a clatter of debris on the back seat . 
 he fished out an uncased cd and shoved it in the player . 
 `` you like the beatles ? '' 
 he asked as abbey road began . 
 `` of course , you do . 
 everyone loves them . '' 
 budda did n't . 
 he father had a few of their cds and liked to play them in the car . 
 a lot . 
 based on his music collection , dad thought no good music had been produced since he graduated from high school . 
 `` everyone thinks they broke up because of yoko , '' odyn said . 
 `` not true . 
 it was paul . 
 he was out on the town in new york city late one night in 1969 . 
 he could n't go out in public without being mobbed , so he always wore a ten gallon cowboy hat and talked with a texas accent . 
 he also wore a long blond wig . 
 people dressed all sorts of crazy ways in those times , so sir paul fit right in . 
 he hears there 's a beatles cover band playing at this little hole in the east village , and he decides it would be a hoot to check it out . 
 guess what . 
 the cover band -- i do n't remember the name and it does n't matter -- was real good . 
 they even nailed i am the walrus . 
 so paul says to himself , ` the bloody blokes are better than we are ' . '' 
 odyn attempted a british accent that sounded closer to australian . 
 `` and that 's where it all ended . 
 paul decided if a two-bit cover band in manhattan could outplay the greatest band in the world , it was time to move on . 
 the next day , he told the other three beatles that he was finished . '' 
 odyn turned into another subdivision . 
 `` yoko did n't have a damn thing to do with it . '' 
 this big fella ought to rent himself out as a sleeping aid , blood mama said . 
 they made more stops , with odyn staying in the car each time while budda walked up to the front door to collect payment . 
 budda was tired , cold and jumpy . 
 the energy drinks were responsible for some of the nervousness , but most was because he had swiftly become a drug dealer 's minion without gradually working his way up to it . 
 one day he was eking out a c in geometry in kirkwood high ; the next day he was a full-fledged criminal . 
 he had allowed himself to get into this mess only because he thought odyn could take him to find addie , or at least tell him where she was . 
 that no longer seemed likely . 
 after the first stop , they drove to another subdivision in new valkyrie . 
 budda rang the buzzer of a house with a treeless yard . 
 a slender , middle-aged man wearing plaid pajama bottoms and no shirt came to the door . 
 he looked at budda with a mix of annoyance and bewilderment . 
 then he saw odyn 's lesabre . 
 the man gasped . 
 `` jesus h. i told him never to come here . 
 i said i 'd get it to him my own way . '' 
 he looked both ways down his tidy street to see if any of his neighbors ' lights were on . 
 odyn jammed the accelerator to the floor to rev the engine as loud as it would go . 
 budda could see him laughing , a dim ray from a streetlight spread across his round face . 
 `` i think he wants to save you the trouble , '' budda said , wanting to be helpful . 
 the man assumed budda was another of an endless string of starkwethers . 
 where did they keep coming from ? 
 though , this kid seemed nicer than the others . 
 most of them could n't form a sentence without three or four cuss words thrown in . 
 `` i do n't have enough here at the house , '' the man said , as if budda would understand . 
 `` that was the whole point of doing this tomorrow . '' 
 `` why do n't you just get me what you got , '' budda said . 
 whatever he had gotten into , he was now in it all the way . 
 odyn honked the horn and held it . 
 the man began to panic . 
 `` good god , is he out of his mind ? 
 that fool 's going to get us all in trouble . '' 
 he opened the door wider and scanned both ways again to see if odyn had yet roused anyone from their slumber . 
 `` come inside for a minute , '' the man said . 
 that got odyn to let off the horn . 
 while the man went to scavenge for enough cash to placate odyn , budda waited just inside the door . 
 he found it curious that the house had very little furniture . 
 except for a flat screen tv on a small entertainment center and a leather recliner , the front area had no furniture . 
 the smell of a microwaved weight watchers meal lingered in the air . 
 budda was familiar with the smell -- they 'd had quite a few of the frozen meals at home since his mother left . 
 dad could cook , but he did n't always feel like it . 
 budda guessed what he smelled now was the three-cheese ziti . 
 $ 2.69 at schnucks . 
 the man returned with a handful of crumpled bills , mostly fives and ones that looked like they added up to more than they really did . 
 `` this will have to do , '' the man said . 
 `` i had to borrow from my kid . 
 tell him he 'll have the rest tomorrow , just like i said i would . '' 
 after odyn counted the cash and added it to the lunch bag , he said , `` i 'm too nice with these assholes . '' 
 odyn made three more stops in the next hour , and each time he stayed in the car while budda got out and knocked . 
 if it was n't for the cold and the way his stomach felt , budda would almost call the experience fun . 
 assisting a dealer was n't such a bad way to spend the night , if a person did n't have a bed to go to . 
 even odyn was impressed . 
 `` you 're pretty good at this , '' he said . 
 `` for a quiet fellow , you 've got a nice way with people . '' 
 `` just trying to be friendly to them , '' budda said . 
 `` i bet you 're one of those who kids who does exactly what his mommy and daddy tell him to do , right ? 
 you never break the rules . 
 always do what you 're not supposed to , right ? '' 
 you 're a runaway three states from home . 
 that should qualify you as a tiny bit of a rebel , even to mr. fats . 
 `` i never even been to a mcdonald 's before today , '' budda said , surprised by the admission . 
 he knew odyn would laugh at him , having received proof that budda really was a naïve , sheltered kid . 
 instead , odyn spoke with what sounded to budda like seriousness . 
 `` i guess the big mac is kind of like a gateway drug . 
 you know , you 're pretty smart to avoid that kind of food . 
 you do n't want to end up looking like me . '' 
 budda smiled . 
 oh , my heavens , you like our chubby drug dealer here . 
 are you thinking about moving in together and starting a family ? 
 as they often did , blood mama 's words embarrassed budda . 
 still , he thought , odyn was n't such a terrible person . 
 odyn made one more stop in new valkyrie where budda took a white envelope of cash from a woman who was older than his father . 
 afterwards , they made two stops in old valkyrie where each time odyn gave budda a small baggy of round green pills to deliver . 
 the final time was at the house of robert mogley , jr. , where odyn instructed budda to knock on the side door . 
 if budda 's travel mate from hours earlier -- it seemed long ago -- recognized him , he did n't indicate it . 
 mogley was more interested in the contents of the baggie , which he held up to the dim yellow security light that hung just below the apex of the roof . 
 `` i was never good at math '' he said , `` but this looks a little short of what i got coming . 
 about twenty short , i 'd say . '' 
 unlike the others , mogley did n't care who in the neighborhood saw odyn 's buick in front of his house . 
 budda followed as mogley went out front to the car , motioning odyn to roll down his window . 
 before odyn could get the window even half way down , mogley was already demanding to know where the rest of his pills were . 
 `` you 'll get the rest when i give you the rest , '' odyn said . 
 `` you do n't need more than you got for awhile anyway . '' 
 `` i got customers , too , you know , '' mogley said . 
 odyn was calm , like the current situation was nothing to fret about . 
 `` tell them the same thing i told you . 
 they 'll get them when they get them . '' 
 `` that 's not the way to run a business , '' mogley said . 
 `` then go get your percs somewhere else , if you think you can , '' odyn said , shouting `` your percs '' so anyone awake would hear it . 
 he signaled the conversation was over by rolling up the window . 
 after the second drop-off and on their way to old valkyrie , odyn had stopped at the stop ’n pump where budda had asked for directions when he got to town . 
 odyn sent him in to buy a few more energy drinks and a large bag of spicy bbq potato chips . 
 every fifteen minutes or so , odyn plied budda with another can of red bull while having a couple for himself . 
 budda had never felt so jittery , his heart pounding so hard he feared it would burst out of his chest . 
 he did n't worry whether odyn would be unhappy with the mess the heart and attached guts would make on his dashboard , which did n't appear the car had been cleaned in a decade . 
 budda continued to shiver from the combination of caffeine and cold . 
 the temperature had dropped through the night , and the car 's feeble heater could n't keep up . 
 budda felt even more exhausted from his constant shaking . 
 yet , odyn , who had plenty of natural insulation , was sweating profusely . 
 it did n't make the car smell any better . 
 even though he was certain he could n't sleep , budda wanted to go back to ellie 's house to lie down where it was warmer . 
 he had assumed odyn would take him back there soon after leaving nannie 's kitchen , but it was now two hours later , far later than budda had ever been allowed to stay up , and he did n't like it . 
 budda had been trying unsuccessfully all night to equate his experience in valkyrie with the way addie had described her birthplace . 
 `` you 'd like it down there , '' she had often said , and he had believed her . 
 `` it 's one of the few places left in america where it 's still like it used to be . 
 the whole family gets together after church on sundays and has a big meal of fried chicken or pot roast . 
 and everybody takes care of each other . 
 not like it is here in the city . '' 
 `` fried chicken sounds pretty good , '' budda said . 
 `` i do n't know about pot roast , because dad wo n't make it . '' 
 `` when you get down to kentucky , we 'll make sure to have some , '' she said . 
 budda could easily picture odyn eating a ton of fried chicken and pot roast , but the image of the whole starkwether clan getting together on a peaceful sunday afternoon did n't add up . 
 budda was beginning to think addie had stretched the truth a little . 
 when he found her , he would take up the issue with her . 
 11 budda had been tired many times before , but the feeling of exhaustion was foreign to him . 
 though he wished he could sleep , he could n't do so as long as his stomach felt like a tumescent volcano ready to spew and energy drinks played havoc with his blood vessels . 
 he had to try again with odyn . 
 `` i think i 'm going to need to lie down , '' he said . 
 `` you think you could take me back to ellie 's place now ? 
 she said i could sleep there . '' 
 the suggestion amused odyn . 
 `` it 's practically getting-up time . 
 no use going to bed now . '' 
 three red bulls rattled on the car 's centre console . 
 odyn tossed one in budda 's lap . 
 `` have another jolt and you 'll be good to go again . '' 
 `` i 'd still like to go back there . '' 
 `` at four in the morning ? 
 if they 're even there , it 'd be too late to disturb them . '' 
 `` i can be real quiet , '' budda insisted , hoping he was n't pushing his luck with odyn . 
 `` i 'm real quiet at night . '' 
 as far as odyn was concerned , the subject was closed . 
 `` i need to make a very necessary stop , '' he said , licking another bead of saliva from his lip . 
 `` it wo n't take long . '' 
 he drove north out of old valkyrie , through new valkyrie and into an area recently annexed by the town that still looked like farmland . 
 houses , many of them a century old or more , were situated farther apart in that area of the county . 
 it would still be awhile before developers turned the land into more subdivisions that sprouted identical houses with cathedral ceilings , pressure-treated back decks and two-car garages . 
 odyn turned up a long driveway that led to a house secluded in a cluster of magnolias . 
 budda assumed it was another stop in odyn 's route . 
 he waited for the man to tell him if he was to pick up or deliver . 
 `` this is personal business . '' 
 odyn said . 
 `` you 'll want to get out and find something else to do for a few minutes . '' 
 budda looked out the window at the darkness . 
 valkyrie had been tolerable at night because it had never gotten all that dark with the street lights . 
 but he was n't a big fan of the night otherwise . 
 he did n't like being alone in the dark , even at home . 
 `` where should i go ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` does n't much matter to me as long as you 're not in here . 
 just do n't wander off too far . 
 there was a report of a bear around here last month . '' 
 budda could n't tell if his companion was serious , but he was afraid either way . 
 he slowly got out of the car , colder still than he had been all night . 
 he jumped when he heard something coming toward him , but then a woman appeared out of the dark . 
 she must have come from the house , which was unlit and barely distinguishable from the driveway . 
 budda could n't tell in the blackness if the woman was 25 or 50 , pretty or homely . 
 she was likewise looking budda over and wondering the same . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 she asked . 
 budda was n't sure who he was as it related to the current situation . 
 `` i do n't know , '' he said . 
 as if that was precisely what she expected him to say , the woman got in the seat he 'd just vacated . 
 before shutting the door , she said , `` this wo n't take long . 
 he does n't have much staying power . '' 
 `` have you ever seen bears around here ? '' 
 the woman paused . 
 `` just the one in this car . '' 
 odyn growled something indistinguishable as the woman slammed the door . 
 there were no outside lights at the farm , and a layer of clouds had rolled in . 
 it was as close to dark-dark as budda had ever experienced . 
 at first , he did n't venture more than a few feet from the car , but he could hear muffled voices of odyn and the woman inside . 
 the woman giggled , and a moment later said something that sounded angry . 
 odyn 's voice was much lower and harder to hear . 
 it sounded gravelly to budda , almost like he was gargling . 
 the windows fogged quickly , but budda thought he saw part of a lily-white body part flash near the side window . 
 he did n't like the darkness that otherwise surrounded him , but he wanted even less to know what was going on inside the car . 
 he ventured a few yards the way the woman had come and took a leak in the middle of the yard . 
 then he parked himself on the edge of the house 's low-slung front porch . 
 its peeling paint crackled under his butt as he adjusted himself . 
 he hoped the boogie man or a bear would n't pop out of the shadows and eat him . 
 at least the fresh air had helped his stomach settle a bit . 
 blood mama knew he was afraid . 
 she sat with him . 
 you could n't pay me enough to let that oaf put anything of his in anything of mine . 
 that just ai n't right . 
 budda liked having the company of blood mama , but he did n't want to talk . 
 it bothered him that she could be so crude sometimes . 
 and she made odyn sound a lot worse than he was . 
 just going to sulk for awhile , huh ? 
 you wanted an adventure when you left for kentucky , and you sure got one . 
 i did n't come for an adventure , he said . 
 i came here to find addie , because you told me i needed to . 
 but instead of finding her , you 've spent the whole night running all over god 's green earth with a drug dealer . 
 even though he was nearly freezing , budda thought the night had n't been so bad . 
 odyn did n't seem like such a terrible guy . 
 however , he was n't going say that to blood mama . 
 what do i do now ? 
 budda asked . 
 the goal has n't changed . 
 you still need to find addie , but first you better figure out how you 're going to get away from ole thunder thighs . 
 you 've done everything he 's asked . 
 pretty soon , though , he 'll up the ante and have you doing something real serious . 
 i 'll tell him i 'm real tired and get him to drop me off at ellie 's . 
 you 've tried that , blood mama said . 
 you ought to make a run for it right now . 
 and get eaten by a bear ? 
 it 's so dark out here that i could walk right up on one and not know it . 
 it did n't take long before the woman got out of the car . 
 budda waited by the porch as she walked back through the front yard and ascended the two steps beside him . 
 `` it 'll take a gallon of vodka to erase the memory of that , '' she said , though budda did n't think she was talking to him . 
 back in the car , odyn had his seat reclined as far as it would go . 
 his eyes were closed and his pants were unzipped . 
 as soon as budda shut the door , odyn popped the seat up . 
 `` not all payments are made in cash , '' he said , making a wide circle in the yard to turn the buick around . 
 `` time to get back to work . '' 
 `` are we going to ellie 's now ? '' 
 budda asked . 
 `` i 've had a good time tonight , but i 'm dead tired , and ellie said i could sleep there . '' 
 odyn did n't answer , which budda hoped meant that he was thinking it over . 
 or even better , he was headed back to ellie 's already . 
 still , budda wanted to know for sure . 
 `` you taking me back there ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i sure wish you 'd quit asking . 
 i 'd hate for you to walk in on ellie and her man , thereby creating a case of coitus interruptus . 
 it could leave you scarred for life . '' 
 `` i 'll take my chances , '' budda said , certain that the noises he had heard coming from the car earlier had already scarred him forever . 
 odyn 's phone vibrated with an incoming call . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 he answered . 
 `` you forgot it ? 
 ... how the hell is that possible ? 
 ... never mind . 
 i 'll run by the house and get it myself . 
 just meet me out at the pasture . '' 
 after the call , odyn stewed in silence . 
 it was the first time that night budda knew he was mad . 
 `` everythingokay ? '' 
 budda asked . 
 `` we 're real close to ellie 's place anyway , '' odyn said . 
 `` we 'll stop by , and i 'll go in and see what they 're up to . 
 if they 're okay with you coming inside , i 'll give you the sign . '' 
 when they arrived at the darkened house , cortez 's car was gone . 
 odyn pulled into its spot and hoisted himself out of the car . 
 he panted so hard budda feared he would keel over right there in the driveway . 
 he breathlessly ordered budda to stay put while he sidled around to the back of the house . 
 two minutes later , odyn returned with a stuffed garbage bag , which he tossed in the back seat . 
 `` sorry , but they do n't want to be disturbed right now , '' odyn said once he was back behind the wheel . 
 `` they 're in the middle of something that a young kid like you does n't need to hear . 
 i told them do n't worry about it because i 'll make sure to keep you entertained . '' 
 budda was disappointed , but he had already expected this result . 
 he had given up ever sleeping again . 
 he wondered about the bag in the back seat . 
 `` you took their garbage ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` just some things they asked me to dump for them . 
 they forgot to put it out before the sanitation truck came by yesterday . '' 
 shortly after they exited the neighborhood , red and blue lights flashed behind the car . 
 odyn grumbled and slowly pulled off the road onto the shoulder . 
 `` has n't that fool got anything better to do ? '' 
 budda thought this was the end of the road . 
 the police had likely been following them around town and had seen everything budda had done . 
 he imagined a stakeout with high-powered telescopes and cameras recording his every illegal move . 
 all the money he had collected and the baggies of green pills he had delivered . 
 he would spend the rest of his life in prison as a drug runner , which meant he would have to get ugly tattoos on each of his fingers . 
 k-e-v-i-n would be a perfect fit . 
 should he go all upper case ? 
 what was prison protocol on such things ? 
 and then there 's all that affectionate attention you can expect from the bigger inmates , blood mama said . 
 i wish i 'd stayed in st. louis , budda said . 
 except addie needs you . 
 there 's no doubt about it , unless it 's already too late to help her . 
 do n't say that . 
 after parking his cruiser behind them , a cop came around to odyn 's side , first shining his flashlight on the garbage bag in the back seat and then on odyn . 
 `` why you got ta shine that thing right at me ? '' 
 odyn asked . 
 `` how 's the world treating you , odie ? '' 
 the cop asked , sounding a lot more affable than odyn . 
 it was hard to see what the officer looked like behind the flashlight , but budda guessed he was about odyn 's age . 
 budda could tell they were familiar with each other , though not in a friendly way . 
 `` what you want , scott ? '' 
 `` out awful late , are n't you ? '' 
 `` i work the night shift . '' 
 scott found that amusing . 
 `` oh , odie , odie . 
 you 're quite a card , are n't you ? 
 you never worked a day in your life . '' 
 odyn hated the name odie , which was the same as that slobber mutt in garfield . 
 only classmates from grade school still called him that . 
 he had hated grade school . 
 he found it boring and beneath his intelligence level , similar to how cortez talked about vandy , but in a more believable sense . 
 teachers mistook his apathy for stupidity and treated him likewise . 
 he did n't like to be reminded of those days , especially from a night-shift barney fife who thought he was god 's gift to law enforcement . 
 `` you just stop me to chat ? '' 
 he asked scott . 
 the officer 's good humor dried up quickly . 
 `` i heard someplace that a little florida trip you arranged did n't go so well . 
 you 're not going to stir up any trouble over it , are you ? '' 
 `` do n't know what you 're talking about . 
 i have n't been to florida must be two years now . '' 
 `` where 's your gun ? '' 
 scott asked . 
 `` i got a conceal-and-carry . '' 
 `` that was n't the question . 
 i asked where your gun is . '' 
 `` why you want to hassle me ? '' 
 odyn revved the engine a couple times like he might just take off when he decided the cop had wasted enough of his time . 
 not getting anywhere with odyn , the cop shined his flashlight on budda . 
 `` who 's this ? '' 
 `` that 's my half-brother , '' odyn said . 
 `` what 's his name ? '' 
 scott asked . 
 odyn had to think hard . 
 he had forgotten budda 's name because he had n't heard it since they were introduced at ellie 's place . 
 he had n't much cared what the boy 's name was because he had n't expected there to be a quiz . 
 `` tell him your name , '' odyn said to budda . 
 before budda could answer , scott said , `` funny your own brother do n't know your name . '' 
 then to odyn : `` you training another one of your runners , odyn ? 
 i have n't seen that little girl lately . 
 that wild one with the crazy eyes . '' 
 `` not training anybody for anything , '' odyn said , doing a good job of acting like the question did n't bother him . 
 `` we were just over to nannie 's for a bite . 
 this kid 's my brother all right . 
 just did n't know i had him . 
 you know how my paps could be . 
 even dinked your mama a time or two , did n't he ? '' 
 the cop knew odyn was trying to get under his skin , but he kept his cool . 
 scott was in no rush to end their visit and wanted to learn more about budda . 
 `` how old are you , kid ? '' 
 `` fifteen , sir , '' budda said . 
 `` i guess i 'm too young to be out this late . '' 
 he saw a chance to get out of his mess if the cop took him to the police station , even if it did mean spending some time in jail . 
 at least he could report addie as a missing person and get the police out looking for her . 
 turning his attention back to odyn , the officer said , `` we got a curfew for teenagers . 
 you ought to know that since everyone calls it the starkwether law . '' 
 he set his hand lightly on the glock 22 in his hip holster . 
 `` why do n't you both just get out of the car , '' he said . 
 budda felt his transverse muscles tighten , and he feared his nerves were about to make him vomit again . 
 eager to obey , he began to open his door . 
 odyn grabbed his arm with such force that it frightened the boy enough to pee a little . 
 damn the red bulls . 
 `` we are not getting out of this car , '' odyn said . 
 `` you will if i say you will , '' scott insisted . 
 `` my bad knees are locked up , it 's late , and i got to get this boy to bed , '' odyn said . 
 `` like you said , there 's a curfew . '' 
 he kept his grip on budda 's arm . 
 the narcotics hawker and the cop stared hard at each other . 
 odyn held onto budda , who was beginning to lose circulation to his hand . 
 scott blinked . 
 `` all right then . 
 i wo n't be such a pussy if i see this shit-heap out here again tonight . '' 
 without a word , odyn put the car in gear and pulled away , spinning gravel and dust as the officer stood watching . 
 12 they did n't go home , not that budda wanted to go to odyn 's home . 
 he had a hard time imagining the man had one where a wife and kids waited for him at the breakfast table . 
 the old buick seemed as much like odyn 's home as anything else , judging from the fast food wrappers and empty cups that littered the floorboards front and back . 
 `` what 're you shivering so much for , kid ? '' 
 odyn asked . 
 budda had n't realized how much he was shaking . 
 the close call with the cop temporarily had taken his mind off the cold . 
 now he felt the chill again full force . 
 `` it 's a little cool in here , '' he said . 
 `` reach back there and get that trash bag , '' odyn said . 
 `` might be something there you could put on . 
 otherwise , it 's just going to the ditch . '' 
 budda did as he was told and pulled the bag onto his lap . 
 it was so full that he could barely see over it , not that there was anything worth seeing in valkyrie , kentucky at 4:30 in the morning . 
 he felt around inside the plastic and immediately pulled out his backpack . 
 it still had his rank clothes , dead phone and oliver twist in it . 
 it perturbed him that ellie or cortez had thrown away everything he owned . 
 then he pulled out something bigger : an orange parka , the reason the garbage bag was so stuffed . 
 budda stared at it as he began to understand what its presence meant . 
 cortez would never throw away the parka . 
 so much for cortez , huh ? 
 well , you did n't like him anyway . 
 shush . 
 you 're deep in it now . 
 just be quiet . 
 `` it wo n't keep you warm unless you actually put it on , '' odyn said . 
 budda hurriedly stuffed the parka back in the bag which he then threw in the back seat . 
 `` cortez does n't want anyone wearing that coat , '' budda said . 
 `` he 's not using it anymore , '' odyn said . 
 `` you said he 'd have until tomorrow night . '' 
 `` i could 've given him until this time next year , and he still would n't have delivered my product . '' 
 budda refused to imagine what happened to ellie . 
 she and odyn were blood relatives , which should account for something . 
 however , budda had an idea that money counted for even more . 
 odyn knew what budda was thinking . 
 `` i figure ellie went to spend a few days at her mom 's place . 
 she knew which way the wind was blowing . 
 she 'll be all right . '' 
 this had been a night of many firsts for budda . 
 it started with drug dealing , and now this . 
 budda never knew anyone who had been killed before . 
 not even in a car wreck . 
 neither spoke , but the atmosphere in the car changed , became more constricted . 
 they were now headed south , down a country road outside valkyrie when odyn stopped in the middle of the road . 
 budda was close to opening his door and making his escape when odyn asked , `` you ever drive before ? '' 
 ask him if a riding lawnmower counts . 
 odyn hefted himself out of the car . 
 his lungs worked hard as he waddled around to the passenger side . 
 `` switch places with me , '' he said as budda went around the back of the car to get in the driver 's seat . 
 `` it 's hard to find the place we 're going in the dark , so i need you to drive while i spot for it . '' 
 odyn produced a spotlight from the back floorboard and plugged the end of into the power outlet in the console . 
 he beamed the light along the road side , scanning for the easy-to-miss turnoff . 
 budda knew enough to put the car in drive and push the accelerator , but he was too distressed to go faster than ten mph . 
 entertained by budda 's creeping speed , odyn said , `` do n't guess we 'll miss the turnoff going this slow . '' 
 budda sped up to fifteen mph . 
 `` you 've got nothing to worry about , '' odyn said . 
 `` i 'm just a businessman . 
 and like any businessman , i have to keep my employees in line , just like they do at kfc or burger king . 
 you ever get an order of onion rings at burger king ? '' 
 budda knew even less about the menu at burger king than the one at mcdonald 's . 
 this did n't matter to odyn . 
 `` if burger king hires you , they know they 're not getting a rhodes scholar . 
 all they expect is for you to show up on time and not to burn the onion rings . 
 there 's nothing worse than burnt onion rings . 
 if you burn the rings too many times , they 'll kick your ass to the curb , because you 're costing burger king money . 
 `` burned rings are money out of the king 's pocket , but that 's not the biggest problem . 
 people are n't lining up to get a job deep-frying onion rings . 
 the hours stink and the pay 's not as good as you might think . 
 still , bk 's got to get rid of you when you mess up too many times . 
 if they do n't , all the other workers will think they can get away with burning the onion rings , too . 
 that 's the reason the king ca n't go soft on ring burners . 
 see what i 'm saying ? '' 
 budda was starting to . 
 `` you 're the king ? '' 
 `` you got it . 
 and i take care of ring burners the way they ought to be taken care of . '' 
 `` what about addie ? '' 
 budda asked . 
 `` did she burn the rings ? '' 
 odyn seemed like he was about to answer when he spotted the turnoff behind some uncut fescue in the right of way . 
 `` turn right up here . '' 
 budda turned onto a bumpy road graveled with limestone chunks . 
 `` guess who took down the street sign back there so the cops would have trouble finding the right road , '' odyn said . 
 `` you ? '' 
 `` of course not . 
 i get my little brothers to do the physical labor . '' 
 budda could n't see anything down the lonely stretch except for his demise . 
 yet , he kept driving . 
 he knew he was a fool to do so , but he could n't think of an alternative . 
 odyn was in a talkative mood . 
 `` men 're meant to be violent , '' he said . 
 `` it 's just the way we 're built . 
 society 's been trying to breed it out of us for eons , but it wo n't do . 
 we all got it in us to fight to protect ourselves . 
 even a skinny kid like you 'd fight back if it came to it . 
 if i had to choose between fighting and backing down , i 'd fight every time . 
 women run . 
 men do n't . 
 you watch . 
 when you get in some situation where you got to pop a guy to protect what 's important to you , you 'll pop him . 
 or if you do n't , he 'll pop you . 
 it 's in your genes , you know ? '' 
 budda did n't , but he preferred to keep that to himself . 
 `` i 'll just warn you now that maxie 's a tiny bit irked that i got you with me tonight . 
 you see , maxie gets perturbed about a lot of things . 
 i ca n't wait for you to meet him and the others , though . 
 it 's like those stories where someone finds family they did n't know they had . 
 and they all live happily ever after , like in a charles dickens book . '' 
 nothing at all like a dickens story , i 'd say . 
 up the road , budda spotted the red reflectors on a pickup stopped on the road . 
 as the buick approached , a man got out of the truck and shielded his eyes against the glare of the car 's lights . 
 `` speak of the devil . 
 that 's maxie , '' odyn said . 
 `` dim the lights before you blind him . '' 
 budda fumbled with several switches and levers , including the wipers , until he found one that turned the headlights completely off . 
 he eased the car up by the man beside the pickup , driving so close that maxie had to hop back against the pickup . 
 `` i guess that 'll do , '' odyn said . 
 maxie was n't yet as big as odyn , but he looked like he intended to make a serious run at it . 
 he came out of the shadows around to the passenger side as odyn rolled down his window , letting the cold in . 
 `` what 's the word , little brother ? '' 
 odyn asked . 
 `` my god you fool , you almost run over my fucking foot , '' maxie said , addressing budda . 
 so much for the pleasant introductions . 
 budda got a better look at maxie when he leaned farther in the window . 
 he appeared much more menacing than his brother . 
 `` this the little shit from missouri you were telling us about ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` why , yes , it is . 
 he 's practically part of our family , '' odyn said , but looking bewildered . 
 `` apologies . 
 i forgot your name again , '' he said to budda . 
 budda squeaked that his name was kevin . 
 even in the pitch dark , maxie glowed of pure meanness . 
 budda could feel anger oozing from the man 's whisker follicles . 
 `` where 's the other two ? '' 
 odyn asked . 
 maxie looked back down the road . 
 `` coming up behind you , '' he said . 
 another set of headlights came up slowly behind the buick . 
 odyn hoisted himself from the car to go confer with his brothers . 
 his vacated seat made a sucking sound like it was recovering from near suffocation . 
 budda could hear odyn and his brothers arguing several feet away about something . 
 maxie was doing most of the yelling . 
 odyn spoke calmly , like he was trying to placate maxie . 
 budda kicked something at his feet , which he realized was the lunch container that held odyn 's collections . 
 he impulsively grabbed a wad of cash from it , and , after arranging it , he folded it and stuffed it in his hip pocket . 
 it might be enough for a bus ticket back to missouri if he could get away . 
 if he could n't , it would n't matter anyway . 
 no sense taking the money unless you 're going to take the gun , too , blood mama said . 
 you 'll need it when the whale finds out you stole his money . 
 he 'll come after you like he 's attacking a country ham . 
 what would i do with a gun ? 
 they 're made for only one thing . 
 budda looked at the glove compartment . 
 blood mama was right . 
 if he took the gun he assumed was in there , he better be ready to fire it . 
 since he had never been allowed to have even a toy gun , using a real one was n't likely to go well . 
 now in a panic , he decided to put the money back , but he did n't get the chance . 
 odyn came back to the driver 's side and motioned budda to get out . 
 `` my knees ai n't worth squat tonight , '' he said . 
 `` you go with the others in my place . 
 there 's a metal gate that leads into a pasture on the other side of maxie 's truck . 
 open it and then hop in the back of po po 's truck . 
 help them dump the trash they 're hauling . '' 
 budda felt his legs seize up so that he did n't think he could move . 
 his limbs were smart enough to know this was a bad idea . 
 `` i do n't think i should go , '' he said . 
 `` this is none of my business . '' 
 odyn took a deep breath like budda 's dad did when he was getting ready to explain something that budda should already know . 
 `` you 're right . 
 it 's none of your business , because there is no ` business ' , '' odyn said . 
 `` you 're just lending a hand because my knees are screaming at me . 
 you 've done a good job for me tonight , and this is the last thing you 'll have to do , i promise . 
 now get out there and open that gate . 
 and take that garbage bag with you . '' 
 budda sat a moment longer , but odyn was through discussing it . 
 he leaned against the car and started texting on his phone again . 
 budda worried he was texting his brothers , just a few feet away , about how budda was part of the trash , too . 
 budda grabbed the garbage and walked slowly to unchain the gate . 
 as dangerous as odyn might be , budda wished he could stay with him . 
 he felt safer with him than with maxie . 
 odyn remained cemented in his car , parked along the road , while his three younger brothers pulled through the gate in the second pickup . 
 the heavy night air smelled of moisture . 
 the metal gate felt like an iced-down can of soda to budda 's fingers . 
 he did n't know if he was supposed to chain the gate behind him , but he did so . 
 without instruction , he threw the garbage bag in the pickup bed and climbed in with it , wondering why he was making it so easy for his killers . 
 the truck headed down a slope that was so rough the truck wobbled like a trawler riding out a sea squall . 
 budda had nothing convenient to hold to . 
 he was sitting on the passenger side wheel well when the jostling of the truck knocked him to the floor . 
 he landed on a large bundle that lay in the pickup bed , something wrapped in what felt like a fluffy blanket . 
 he stayed prone for a moment , thinking it was the softest , safest position to avoid being thrown from the truck . 
 then something about the feel of the thing frightened him , so he scrambled back on to the wheel well . 
 it was too dark to see much -- the sky was blanketed by low-hanging clouds -- but he sensed animals were close because he could smell fresh manure . 
 cows , blood mama said . 
 angus . 
 those are the black ones . 
 my granddaddy raised holsteins . 
 budda was about to say he had bigger issues than cows to worry about when the rain started . 
 well now , this is a fine way to top off a special evening . 
 no , budda thought , the top-off was yet to come . 
 he did n't need blood mama in his ear right then , so he shut her out . 
 he was already freezing and now he would have to endure a good soaking . 
 it would n't matter for long , though . 
 it seemed pointless to whine about the wet and cold when a person would soon be cold for eternity . 
 if they found his body , his father would want to see where the deed was done . 
 he would have to come down this same rutted trail . 
 maybe his body would be discovered soon enough that the pasture would still be muddy from the rain . 
 and if dad got a ride to the crime scene with scott , the cop , the crown vic police cruiser might ride too low to maneuver the rough trail without bottoming out . 
 budda pictured his father pushing from behind while scott tried to get the cruiser unstuck . 
 do n't get all dark and gloomy now . 
 i do n't want you getting any ideas about coming to be with me . 
 you 're not done , yet . 
 coming to be with you ? 
 do n't talk like you do n't know i 've been dead and gone for years . 
 you 're smarter than that . 
 i 've been dumb my whole life . 
 and i 'm about to be dead , too . 
 they killed cortez and now they 're going to do the same to me . 
 that 's fool talk . 
 use that head of yours and you 'll be all right . 
 this head 's what got me into trouble in the first place . 
 it 's about time you used it to get yourself out of this mess , then . 
 you do n't need me for that . 
 when the slope ended and the pasture leveled out , the pickup soon stopped . 
 budda waited , glued to the wheel well and not about to get out without being forced to do so . 
 it was even colder down on the pasture bottom . 
 budda had never felt so miserable . 
 the men kept the truck running with the lights on and the wipers going full tilt . 
 budda imagined the cab was nice and toasty . 
 confirming this , the starkwether brothers waited a minute before getting out and coming around to the back of the truck . 
 while maxie stood back and watched , the other two lowered the truck gate and teamed to tug cortez 's body toward them . 
 the brothers grunted and wailed like they were painfully constipated . 
 for all their noise , they made little progress . 
 they were n't particularly strong for their size , plus the polyester material cortez was wrapped in had become slick with the rain . 
 neither man could get a good hold . 
 `` talk about dead weight , '' one of them said . 
 budda assumed it was po po . 
 although he was n't really a string bean , he was n't quite as large as his brothers . 
 other than that , budda could n't distinguish one starkwether from another . 
 in the gloom and rain , their faces had no more features than a glob of mashed potatoes . 
 `` do n't just sit there on your ass , boy , '' maxie said . 
 `` help us out here before we all get soaked to the bone . '' 
 budda grabbed hold of the part closest to the truck cab . 
 budda could feel cortez 's head . 
 he knew he should have been repulsed by this , but he was so numb , either from the cold or from his impending demise , that he picked up the end like he was hefting a bowling ball . 
 he could see now that cortez was wrapped in a comforter which was tied with a length of extension cord . 
 even wet , the comforter felt so soft and nice to budda that it seemed a shame to dump it . 
 budda wondered if the starkwethers would unroll cortez and then take back the comforter after this deed was finished . 
 he did n't know what was considered acceptable behavior when it came to dumping a body . 
 few people would want to the use the comforter after this anyway , unless it got a good cleaning . 
 did a bloody comforter have to be taken to a professional cleaner ? 
 when the body cleared the pickup gate , it dropped to the ground with a splat , having landed in a growing puddle of mud and manure . 
 budda stood on the gate staring down at the clump as rain pattered on it . 
 he imagined what cortez 's hair was like now , no longer full of body , but messed and matted with blood and god knew what other body matter . 
 `` you getting read to sermonize us ? '' 
 maxie asked , looking up at budda with a snarl . 
 `` this thing ai n't gon na walk itself to the ditch . '' 
 `` if it does , i 'm not waiting around to see it , '' the one named clell said . 
 `` get your ass down here and grab a hold , '' maxie ordered budda . 
 for the first time , budda hesitated . 
 `` look , i just came here to find my sister , our sister . 
 i 've got nothing to do with the rest of this . '' 
 po po and clell did n't seem to care one way or the other if budda helped . 
 they each grabbed a side of the front end of the bundle and begun lugging it through the muck toward a deep ditch a few feet from the front of the pickup . 
 rather than help grab a corner , maxie kept his hard gaze on budda . 
 `` she was n't your sister , '' maxie said . 
 `` now get your bony butt down here before i come up there and knock you down . 
 and bring that trash bag with you . '' 
 if he ever saw his dad again , budda would explain to him that you did n't have to worry only that the boogie man would come to you . 
 sometimes , you might stumble across him . 
 a kirkwood city cop had come to budda 's school once to talk about what to do in case you were abducted . 
 budda could n't figure why anyone would want to abduct him , but he listened anyway because the officer was more interesting than budda 's teachers . 
 as budda recalled , the first rule was to do whatever you could to keep from being taken . 
 under no circumstances should you let a scumbag get you in his car . 
 -lrb- budda had already flunked that part . -rrb- 
 the cop advised another vital step was to scream , to make make as much noise as possible to draw attention . 
 the cop did n't have a remote pasture in mind when he gave that advice . 
 budda figured he could get the attention of the cows in the pasture , but he did n't imagine they could do much to free him from his situation . 
 he had seen an ancient cowboy movie once where the bad guys got caught in a stampede , which had started when the good guy fired his six-shooter . 
 budda knew he should have taken the gun from the glove compartment after all . 
 so far , none of the three men had displayed any weapon . 
 budda only assumed each had something hidden , so he knew it would do no good to argue with maxie . 
 without another word , he grabbed the garbage bag and jumped from the truck bed . 
 at the ditch , po po and clell rolled the body over the edge and down the ditch , but it did n't go far before catching on something . 
 `` get down there and push it on down to the bottom , '' maxie said . 
 budda looked to see which of the brothers maxie was talking to , but maxie was looking at him . 
 he obliged , climbing down into the dark ditch where he felt even more repulsed to be alone with the body . 
 the truck headlights broadcast over the ditch , the rays illuminating the rain drops and beech trees that grew along the edge . 
 no light shone down the ditch , which was cave-dark . 
 no one at the top had a flashlight to illuminate where the bundle was . 
 budda had to go more by feel than sight , which meant having to touch cortez again . 
 the cord that was wrapped around the bundle had snagged the branch of a severed beech limb . 
 from what budda could feel with his feet , the ditch had been used often as a dump site . 
 he stepped and slid over smashed metal cans , empty oil quart bottles , and other rubble he could only imagine in the dark . 
 some of it felt like jagged concrete fragments while other parts gave easily under his feet . 
 he began to believe this was n't the first body that had been dumped there . 
 what was only a rock , he imagined to be the skull of some other unfortunate `` onion ring burner '' . 
 budda now believed he was floundering in a cemetery for failed pharmaceutical distributors . 
 was addie down there , too ? 
 budda first tried to wrestle the body free from the branch . 
 when the limb began to crack , he realized it would be quicker to snap off the branch , which was brittle and not so big that he could n't break it . 
 cortez had n't been a big man , but neither was budda as far as muscles go , which meant for hard going as he rolled , pulled and coaxed the bundle farther down the soggy embankment . 
 even in the rain and cold , he started to warm from the exertion . 
 body disposal was hard work . 
 maxie yelled from above . 
 `` what 's going on down there ? 
 you stop to take pictures ? '' 
 `` just got it unstuck from a tree , '' budda said . 
 he was panting now , worse than when he had to run laps in gym . 
 he had to catch his breath . 
 he peeked up at the edge of the embankment , but all he could see was the glow of the truck 's headlights . 
 a moment later , one truck door slammed and then another . 
 he hoped that the worst the starkwethers planned to do was leave him there , stranded , but alive . 
 `` when you get it down there , cover it with whatever shit you can find , '' maxie said . 
 it must have been po po and clell who had retreated from the rain to the truck . 
 budda continued down the ditch , sliding the wrapped cargo alongside him . 
 the going became a little easier the farther down the trench he went . 
 little trash tossed from the ledge had made it down that far , and rainwater had turned the embankment into a muddy slide . 
 budda came across few obstacles except for bushes that he could n't name , even though they gave him a personal introduction by way of smacking him in the face . 
 after five minutes of sweat - and rain-sodden struggle , he reached the bottom of the ditch with the body . 
 the place smelled of decayed leaves , rusted tin and god knew what else . 
 something hit the ground with a whoosh and loud thud close to budda . 
 he yelled , thinking a bear was about to pounce on him . 
 he held his breath for the attack , but nothing happened . 
 his eyesight had adjusted some to the dark , and he could see that it was the garbage bag , which maxie had tossed from above . 
 budda took the presence of the bag as a small bit of good news , believing it meant that maxie was n't coming down with it . 
 budda could hear no rustling of leaves and breaking of branches that would accompany maxie 's descent . 
 he suspected maxie waited for him to climb back up just so he could put a bullet in him and roll him back down again . 
 it would make more sense for maxie to slide down the ditch to get rid of budda next to cortez , but maxie did n't seem to be a maximum effort kind of guy . 
 perhaps he planned to take potshots from the ledge while budda ran back and forth , like in a video game . 
 `` what 's taking so long down there ? '' 
 maxie yelled . 
 `` get it covered up with something and let 's get on with this show before i catch pneumonia . '' 
 budda stumbled blindly as he tried to find something to cover the bundle with . 
 he got down on his hands and knees -- he was already soaked and muddied , so a little more would n't matter -- and felt nothing but leaves . 
 he situated the bundle in the lowest part of the ditch , where a nascent stream had formed from the rain , and tossed a few armfuls of leaves on top . 
 it was n't what maxie had in mind , but budda was n't angling for a fulltime job with the starkwether clan . 
 just as he finished covering the bundle , he remembered the parka . 
 cortez never wanted to be without it . 
 ellie said so herself . 
 what should i do , blood mama ? 
 for the first time , she did n't answer when he called . 
 he would have to decide what to do on his own . 
 with a deep sigh , he swept the blanket of leaves from the comforter . 
 it took a bit of time to find where the extension cord had been tied , and a bit longer to loosen it . 
 his hands had become so numb in the wet and cold that they were slow to cooperate . 
 the body rotated as he heaved the comforter free of it . 
 he was glad for the dark so that he could n't see cortez 's face well , and what the starkwethers had done to him . 
 to make sure of it , he squinted like he was staring into the sun . 
 budda retrieved the parka from the bag and began to wrestle it on the corpse , which was already in rigor mortis . 
 cortez 's arms were down at his sides , so budda rolled him onto his stomach , his face in the mud , and finally slid the parka on from behind . 
 as he got the coat over the shoulders , budda saw dark streaks of blood along cortez 's neckline , streaks that were now being washed away by the rain . 
 until then , budda could still convince himself that this whole thing was n't as bad as it seemed . 
 perhaps cortez had died of a heart attack or something , and that those involved did n't want to bother with calling an ambulance . 
 a stupid thing to think , for sure , but budda had been willing to imagine anything other than the truth to help him get through this night . 
 13 through the hum of the rain and wind , budda could hear the muffled voice of maxie . 
 the distance was too great for budda to make out the words , but he imagined maxie was talking on the phone with odyn . 
 while he still had a chance to get away , he would see where the hollow would take him , which sloped downward further still toward what , budda determined from the sloshing he made , was become a shallow brook . 
 the muddy runoff soaked through his reeboks , and he was getting cold again . 
 he heard maxie yell for him . 
 because the man 's voice sounded closer than it did where he left cortez 's body , budda feared the ditch had somehow wound around back toward the pickup . 
 still , he kept following it through tangles of honeysuckle and bittersweet . 
 the ditch began to narrow and shorten until budda came to a sagging barbed wire fence that ran across the ditch about head high . 
 it had been built there decades ago , before erosion formed the ravine . 
 budda started to walk beneath the fence to where the ditch would end , but he did n't know how far he had walked or if he was still in the pasture . 
 confused , he climbed the bank to get his bearings . 
 the rain had slowed a little . 
 if there was to be any sun that day , it would peak above the horizon in minutes . 
 but the early morning sky was the color of plum , still plenty dark to offer him cover . 
 from what little budda could make out of his surroundings , he concluded he was still in the same pasture with starkwethers . 
 he scanned back along the timber the way he had come , but he saw no truck lights . 
 he heard nothing but the rain , which had started to abate until it was a drizzle . 
 budda took cover on the ditch side of a nearby buckthorn and waited for a bit more light . 
 he would be much easier to spot at dawn , but he did n't want to wander in the dark should he stumble blindly into a round mound of starkwethers . 
 he was n't too worried about odyn , yet -- the old lesabre would easily get stuck in the muddy pasture , and odyn would n't get out to walk -- but budda knew maxie could chase after him nearly anywhere in the truck . 
 dawn arrived , and the inky sky transformed into a shade of phlegm , like it had become sickly from all the rain and cold it carried . 
 the temperature hovered in the upper thirties . 
 budda felt more miserable than ever , and crouching behind the buckthorn only made him feel worse . 
 it was time to move . 
 he guessed valkyrie would be back and to the left of where he stood , which would take him back in the direction of the dump site . 
 from how long it had taken odyn and him to arrive at the pasture , he guessed the town was at least five miles away . 
 he could n't remember how many turns they had made , and he realized he could have things completely backwards . 
 either way , he knew he could n't stay put . 
 he jogged up the hill , assuming he would soon come to the gravel road . 
 he passed a dozen cattle huddled near the fence line . 
 they paid him no notice , and he did likewise . 
 budda now was certain that he was still in the same pasture he had entered . 
 he had n't traveled along the bottom of the ditch nearly as far as he thought . 
 if he went back to his left , he would come across the rough path the starkwethers had driven down to get to the dump . 
 in that direction , he eventually would come across the brothers . 
 however , alternatives were few . 
 he spotted a house and barn up on the right . 
 suspicious that more starkwether kin lived there , he crouched low , moving forward until he came to the fence line . 
 rather than climb through , he slowly followed it back toward the entrance gate . 
 high grass between the fence and road could keep him covered from that side . 
 up ahead , somewhere , odyn and the boys would be waiting for him . 
 but they would n't know which direction to watch . 
 he hoped to spot them first . 
 when budda came to the pasture 's entrance , he still had n't seen or heard anyone . 
 only one set of tire tracks was visible in the mud , but it had started raining only after the pickup had entered the pasture . 
 that meant the truck had been driven back out the gate . 
 budda crept , almost in a crawl , along the fence , while peeking for signs of either car or pickups parked along the road . 
 it took him nearly ten minutes , moving step by slow step , before he could confirm that neither vehicle was parked nearby . 
 he had begun to think the starkwethers had returned to valkyrie when he heard pea gravel popping under tires . 
 the sound came down the road from the direction he had just come , near the farm house . 
 the vehicle was moving slowly , as those its occupants were looking for someone along the road . 
 budda was fully exposed . 
 he hurried past the entrance , still inside the pasture . 
 running downhill in a crouch , he was unable to keep his balance , pitching forward and falling face first in the wet grass . 
 he rolled like barrel over to the edge of the wired fence to wait for the car to pass . 
 in that spot , the road was elevated slightly above the pasture . 
 the driver would n't be able to see along the fence line without getting out and standing on the shoulder . 
 if it was odyn , he would n't bother . 
 after a minute of waiting , budda heard the car coming close , still going slowly . 
 it stopped about 50 feet away . 
 the only sound was the thumpa-thumpa of the windshield wipers . 
 budda waited to hear the door open , but it did n't . 
 eventually , the car moved past him , speeding up after another hundred yards down the road . 
 when he was satisfied the car had left , budda continued down the hill and crossed a fence into a corn field that had been partially harvested . 
 he ran to the cover of the rows that had yet to be picked , and then he forged his way northwest . 
 he was still unsure if he was headed in the direction of valkyrie . 
 he wished it was still dark so that he could try to spot the lights of the town in the distance . 
 but the morning had now turned a roiling butternut color -- more rain was coming -- and the horizon looked identical in every direction . 
 he wished he had stuck to scouting long enough to learn how to find one 's way back to civilization after escaping drug runners . 
 he had quit cub scouts because his dad would never let him go on campouts , fearing he would catch some jungle disease even though the camp ground was only fifteen miles from their house . 
 at the edge of the corn field , budda came to three towering barns sitting atop a fallow ridge that reminded him of pictures he 'd seen of stonehenge . 
 each barn was three stories , taller than any that budda had seen in missouri . 
 the structures formed a triangle and were uniformly encased in corrugated tin with a row of six windows on each level . 
 to budda , they looked like abandoned army barracks . 
 with the rain starting again , budda wanted to get inside one of the barns to dry off and rest a bit , but each door he tried was locked . 
 he kept moving down the other side of the ridge to another cornfield that had yet to be harvested . 
 the rain began to fall harder ; the temperature dropped even more . 
 he came to a paved road that looked like it might lead someplace he needed to go . 
 he could n't be sure which way that was , but he had a 50-50 chance of being right . 
 he did n't ask blood mama for help because he knew she was gone . 
 he would have to listen to his own voice . 
 he had been making his way gradually to the left , so he decided to keep going that way . 
 he walked on the left side of the road , which had a narrow shoulder , so that he could see oncoming traffic like his father told him to do any time there was no sidewalk . 
 but if the starkwethers came down this road , they would more than likely be coming from behind him . 
 he did n't know why he knew that , but he did n't doubt himself . 
 the road had some traffic . 
 a couple of cars approached from the opposite direction , and an old chevy cargo van came from behind him . 
 they were the first vehicles budda had seen since he began his trek . 
 that was a good sign , because it meant there must be some civilization close by . 
 still , he was ready to jump off the road into the mucky side ditch any time he saw a truck or an old buick . 
 budda had been on the run for an hour , soaked , cold , beat dead and nearly hungry enough to eat his own flesh , when he hit the outskirts of valkyrie . 
 the rain stopped again , and the sun began to intermittently peak out from behind the clouds . 
 one of the first businesses budda walked past was nannie 's kitchen . 
 he would have given just about anything for another stack of those waffles , except that a dark gray ford pickup was parked there . 
 budda did n't know what kind of pickup the starkwether boys drove -- it had been too dark to tell in the pasture -- but it would be foolish to assume the ford belonged to anyone else . 
 he kept moving up the road toward the business district of new valkyrie . 
 budda had been trying to get back to town all night , and now that he was there , he was n't sure why . 
 valkyrie had n't been the most pleasant place to visit , but he had no better place to go . 
 he had never found addie , the reason he had come there in the first place , and he suspected he had been very close to her when he was at the bottom of the ditch . 
 ellie was the only live person in valkyrie that he would want to see , and he was n't too keen on seeing her face again either . 
 budda opted to keep moving through valkyrie and on toward louisville . 
 he might have to walk all the way there , and it might take a week , but he was n't staying in valkyrie any longer . 
 he wanted only to go home . 
 he still had odyn 's drug money with him , which he needed to get rid of soon . 
 once he got back to the bus station , he would find the greyhound terminal and get his dad to send bus money . 
 he came to the intersection with the walgreens and kroger grocery store and the mcdonald 's across the way . 
 he cut through the walgreens parking lot with more than half an idea of going in to see what he could get food-wise to hold him over for a bit . 
 he still had two dollars he had brought from home . 
 if they had one of those `` two candy bars for a dollar '' deals , he might go for it . 
 a milky way would hit the spot , even though his father would n't approve of all the sugar . 
 that would still leave him with a dollar for emergencies , as if his current situation did n't already qualify as one . 
 he wished he could call home then , but he did n't see a pay phone . 
 he 'd left his cellphone , which might still have a drip of battery life , in the backpack , which was in the garbage bag , which was now keeping cortez company at the bottom of a ditch in a remote cow pasture . 
 as he cursed himself for this oversight , a vehicle pulled up behind him until it was so close he could feel the heat from the radiator on his butt . 
 budda knew for sure it was odyn , but he did n't turn around or adjust his gait , keeping his sights on the store entrance . 
 the driver gunned the engine , which did n't sound like odyn 's buick . 
 budda turned around to see maxie jumping out of his pickup . 
 odyn 's brother looked so angry budda expected the man 's hair to catch on fire . 
 maxie kept his hand on the edge of the open door like he had something inside he was ready to pull out at a predetermined moment . 
 `` get the fuck in the truck , '' maxie said . 
 paralyzed less by fear than total exhaustion , budda did n't move . 
 `` get . 
 the . 
 fuck . 
 in . 
 the . 
 truck , '' maxie said . 
 he 's a poet and did n't know it . 
 is that you , blood mama ? 
 not even close . 
 whatever you do , do n't get in that truck , or you 'll soon be a lot colder than you are now . 
 he ca n't do anything to you here . 
 emboldened by the presence of addie , budda said , `` you 're a poet and did n't know it . '' 
 this did not sit well with maxie . 
 `` oh man , the things i 'm going to do to you , you little shit . '' 
 he started to come toward budda , but then he decided it was better to keep the gun on the passenger seat within reach . 
 now seeing maxie for the first time in daylight , his resemblance to addie was clear . 
 though much bigger than his sister , he had the same yellow eyes that now blazed with unchecked fury . 
 `` by all means then , let me hop right in the truck , '' budda said , folding his arms behind his back to indicate that was the last thing he was going to do . 
 sarcasm was new to him , and it did n't feel half bad to employ it , even on a guy who was hellbent on bringing his existence to an early end . 
 maxie pretended to reach inside the truck cab . 
 `` okay , smartass . 
 stand right where you are while i make a 44-calibre orifice between your eyes , '' maxie said . 
 he 's bluffing . 
 maxie 's stupid , but he 's not a complete idiot . 
 he does n't like an audience when he does his work . 
 i can testify to that . 
 i came to save you , budda said . 
 i 'm sorry i was too late . 
 that 's okay . 
 i guess i had it coming . 
 `` you should have kept your scrawny ass in missouri , '' maxie said . 
 `` did you ever wonder why addie did n't invite you here ? 
 she said you had to be the dumbest thing she 'd ever seen . 
 and ugly , too . 
 she was excited to be rid of you . '' 
 he 's lying . 
 i never told him about you . 
 he was n't good enough to hear about that part of my life . 
 i loved it there with you and your dad , and even lando was n't all that bad . 
 it was safe there . 
 you were the best part of all of it , because you were what a good brother should be . 
 saturday mornings in valkyrie were n't much different than they were in kirkwood . 
 the nearby intersection had busied with vans and suvs destined for peewee football or rec league soccer . 
 the walgreens would soon open , too . 
 a couple of cars were parked near the entrance , their drivers waiting to fill prescriptions as soon as the front door was unlocked . 
 there were now too many people in the area for maxie to deliver on his threat . 
 `` is this what odyn wants ? '' 
 budda asked . 
 `` you 're going to dump me in the ditch with cortez ? '' 
 maxie quivered with barely-controlled hatred , making his chin whiskers twitch . 
 `` who gives a flying shit what odyn wants ? 
 my brother 's gotten way too damn soft for this business . 
 when you ran off , he thought we could just let you walk back to town and that you 'd never say anything . 
 what a fool . '' 
 `` go ahead and shoot me then , '' budda said . 
 `` i 'm too tired to care anymore . '' 
 while maxie evaluated the pros and cons of putting budda out of his misery in the parking lot or waiting until later , odyn pulled up next to the truck . 
 he got out limping so much that budda was sure he heard the large man 's knees creaking . 
 `` why 'd you run off like that ? '' 
 odyn asked budda , breathless from the ten-foot walk from his car . 
 `` i looked everywhere for you between there and here . 
 you could wind up with pneumonia , you know . '' 
 budda realized odyn had n't counted the cash in the lunch container yet or else he would n't have been worried about budda 's health . 
 budda was still alive only because odyn did n't yet know some of his receipts were missing . 
 budda could n't think how to get away again before odyn thought to check the lunch box . 
 `` all in all , i preferred living to being dumped in that ditch , '' he said . 
 odyn laughed . 
 he looked as tired as budda felt -- crime was exhausting -- but he had n't lost his good humor . 
 `` you were n't going to get dumped in that ditch , '' he said . 
 `` i told you that . 
 we 're like family . '' 
 `` then why is maxie threatening to kill me now ? 
 and where is addie ? '' 
 `` you need to quit worrying about addie . 
 and as for maxie , he does n't always look at a situation with a cool head , '' odyn said . 
 that was obvious . 
 maxie stared down budda like he wanted to gash his throat and rip out his tonsils . 
 that was the least odyn could let him do if he would n't allow him to blow the kid 's head off . 
 after what happened to addie , though , his big brother was keeping a tight leash on him . 
 `` i 'm getting hungry from all this driving around and thought we 'd all head back to nannie 's for a bite , '' odyn said . 
 `` how does that sound ? '' 
 `` i 'm going to pass on it this time , '' budda said . 
 he needed to be as far away from odyn as possible when the big man found his money gone . 
 `` suit yourself then , '' odyn said . 
 he tried to act like he did n't care one way or the other , like he was just being friendly . 
 but budda could see the man 's feelings were hurt . 
 who knew he even had them ? 
 odyn got back in his car without another word and drove away . 
 maxie was another matter . 
 he looked like a rottweiler that had a raw chicken dangled in front of him , only to have it yanked away at the last second . 
 he wanted so bad to drop the little pecker right there in the parking lot , witnesses or not . 
 but he knew that was n't going to happen , at least not any time soon . 
 to let off steam , he 'd go out in the country later and shoot at cows . 
 14 after maxie gunned his car out of the walgreens parking lot , all the events that had occurred the past day settled on budda 's shoulders . 
 the loss of addie hurt most . 
 it weighed him down so much that he could n't move . 
 he stood in the parking lot and began to cry , unashamed to let the tears and snot flow . 
 ellie pulled up beside him in cortez 's car and rolled down her window . 
 she surveyed the boy , who looked like he was going to a halloween party costumed as a mud pit . 
 `` you familiar with the phrase ` rode hard and put up wet ' ? '' 
 she asked . 
 ellie had little room to talk . 
 he knew from her red , puffy cheeks that she has been crying . 
 `` is the walgreens the starkwether family meeting spot ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` you just missed your cousins . '' 
 `` i saw , '' ellie said . 
 `` i parked across the street waiting to see what you 'd do . 
 it 's good you did n't go with them . '' 
 `` and you would n't have done anything to help . '' 
 `` what could i have done ? 
 i could n't even help cortez . '' 
 budda wiped his face . 
 `` what is it you want now ? '' 
 `` i said i 'd take you back to louisville , did n't i ? 
 i 'm keeping my promise . '' 
 `` and you just happened to know i 'd end up here ? '' 
 `` all in all , the number of places where you could 've popped up in valkyrie is pretty small . '' 
 budda had trouble figuring out this girl . 
 what was her motive for helping him now ? 
 ellie looked budda up and down , which prompted him to do a self-assessment . 
 he was splashed with rust-colored mud and covered in musk thistles and devil 's trumpet like a hermit who had just returned to civilization after years of living in the timber . 
 `` this weekend adventure did n't turn out like you planned , '' ellie said , as if the notion of it might not have occurred to budda . 
 `` why does everyone keep calling it an adventure ? '' 
 budda asked . 
 `` i came to get my sister is all . '' 
 `` you hungry ? '' 
 ellie asked . 
 `` i just want to go home . '' 
 budda knew he sounded whiny , but it was the truest thing he had said all weekend . 
 the trip had been a waste . 
 blood mama was wrong . 
 he was n't supposed to come to kentucky to save addie , because she could n't be saved . 
 now , he had to go back to missouri to receive his father 's wrath . 
 and that would be nothing compared to what lando would have planned for him for stealing his money and destroying his cigarettes and rubber . 
 `` i said i 'd take you to louisville , and i will , '' ellie said . 
 `` i just thought you 'd like get an egg mcmuffin first . 
 my treat . '' 
 `` how do i know you 'll really take me to louisville and not back to maxie or odyn ? '' 
 `` we 're blood relations , but that does n't make us best buds , '' ellie said . 
 `` i plan on getting out of town for a bit myself . 
 i got some things to think through . '' 
 after going through the mcdonald 's drive-through , ellie and budda headed north on i-65 to louisville . 
 budda had now tasted his first mcmuffin . 
 the first word that came to mind was heaven . 
 the rain clouds had moved west . 
 the sun now warmed the car 's interior and made it cozy . 
 budda was more exhausted than he had ever been in his life , but he was still wired from his encounter with maxie . 
 he had n't quite given in to trusting ellie either . 
 he needed to stay awake in case it was all a big trick to get away from town and back to maxie . 
 if so , he was prepared to jump from the moving car . 
 even if such a move killed him , he would rather die in a ditch along the interstate than the one where he 'd left cortez . 
 `` i got a little money i can spare some for your bus ticket , '' ellie said . 
 `` you can send me re-payment when you get back to st. louis . '' 
 `` i thought you did n't have any money , '' budda said , finally catching ellie in a lie . 
 `` you told cortez so last night . '' 
 ellie blew it off . 
 `` i never said i did n't have any money . 
 i did n't i have any for cortez and his problem . 
 there 's a sizeable difference between the two . '' 
 `` he was your boyfriend . 
 why would n't you help him out ? '' 
 they rode in silence a bit before ellie answered . 
 `` i wished things had turned out different , but there was nothing i could have done about it . 
 odyn had made up his mind . 
 everyone could see that but cortez . 
 he should have left valkyrie when he had a chance , like i tried to get him to do . 
 he did n't deserve what he got , and it hurts me fierce what happened , but he should n't have been so stupid either . '' 
 `` and addie was that stupid , too ? '' 
 ellie signaled to pass a red minivan with michigan plates that was tailgating a semi rig hauling hogs . 
 `` i do n't know what happened to addie , '' she said . 
 `` i really do n't . 
 she 's smarter than cortez . 
 maybe she 'll turn up back in missouri . 
 maybe you passed each other when you were on your way here . 
 she slept on the futon at our place the night she and cortez got back from florida . 
 when i went to work the next day , she was still there . 
 but she did n't come back the next night , and all her stuff was gone . 
 i did n't think much about it . 
 i assumed she 'd found herself some guy with better digs . 
 at the time , i did n't know about the oxy . '' 
 ellie stayed in the left lane and easily passed a string of vehicles which were going well over 70 mph . 
 `` odyn did n't say what he did with her ? '' 
 budda asked . 
 `` think about it . 
 why would he tell me if he did ? 
 besides , she was his sister . '' 
 `` if being blood related guaranteed safety around here , you would n't be getting out of town now , would you ? '' 
 `` i 'm getting out of town because i want to get out of town . 
 you think i want to sweat every night in a restaurant kitchen ? 
 you think i like living someplace where everyone looks at you strange because of your last name ? 
 they automatically assume all starkwethers are up to no good . '' 
 remembering the wad of money he had stolen from odyn , budda dug it out of his pants pocket and set it in the seat between ellie and him . 
 the bills were damp from the rain . 
 `` when you get out of town , can you send this back to odyn for me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 ellie looked at the limp , folded bills for a long moment , letting the car wander halfway onto the shoulder before adjusting . 
 `` is that what i think it is ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 do you think it 's drug money i took from odyn 's car ? 
 money that might still get me killed ? 
 if you do , then , yes , it 's what you think it is . '' 
 `` are you a complete fool ? '' 
 ellie asked with rising panic in her voice . 
 `` more than likely , '' budda said . 
 `` i do n't know why i took it . 
 maybe to pay for bus fare . 
 i did n't think it through because i had bigger things on my mind , like trying to get some sleep , stay warm , find my sister , and , oh yeah , stay alive . 
 i was certain they were going to dump me with cortez . '' 
 `` they sure would have if they 'd caught you with it , '' ellie said . 
 `` i 'm not going to take it back to odyn , because i want no part of it . '' 
 ellie said , stealing looks at the cash like it was radioactive . 
 `` do whatever you want to with it , but do n't leave it in here . 
 throw it out the window for all i care . '' 
 budda stuffed the money back in his pocket . 
 `` i should tell the police about all of this , '' he said . 
 `` except i 'll be in trouble , too . 
 i think i 've pretty well screwed up my whole life in the past twenty-four hours . '' 
 `` do n't do anything like call the cops , '' ellie said . 
 `` like i said , i 've got some thinking to do . 
 they should n't have done what they did to cortez . 
 maybe i 'll be the one to share a few things with the police . 
 they do n't expect that because it 's always starkwethers against the world , but i 'm getting tired of it . 
 if i go to the cops , i 'll try to keep you out of it . 
 odyn and the bunch wo n't bring up your name , i doubt . 
 you 'd be an eyewitness against them . '' 
 budda felt some relief that he had never told anyone in valkyrie his last name . 
 thank you , blood mama . 
 and if odyn could remember his first name , it would be amazing . 
 15 budda had ellie drop him at the greyhound station . 
 she was so deep in her own thoughts she did n't wish him a safe trip . 
 she had forgotten to lend him money , too . 
 that was fine with budda . 
 he did n't want to owe anything to anyone in kentucky . 
 the sight of the bus station brought back thoughts of baresha . 
 budda wished he could see her again , but it was only saturday . 
 he remembered that she would n't make the bus trip back to indianapolis until sunday evening . 
 and that was only if things did n't work out with stuart . 
 the terminal did n't open until 12:30 . 
 budda had no watch or phone , so he was n't sure of the exact time . 
 but he knew he had some time to kill . 
 a man sat outside the entrance with all his belongings in a clear plastic bag . 
 budda peered inside the glass door of the station to see if anyone was in there . 
 if he could catch their attention , they might let him wait inside where it was warmer . 
 even with clear skies , the day was too brisk for budda to be comfortable in only a shirt , which was still damp . 
 `` meeting ? '' 
 the man asked . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 budda said . 
 a strong stench of dried sweat and foul breath emanated from the man . 
 rather than being disgusted , budda felt connected to the guy . 
 he knew he smelled likewise . 
 `` since you 're not carrying anything , i figure you 're meeting someone here , instead of departing like i am , '' the man said . 
 `` ca n't wait to get out of here and start over . '' 
 `` that 's right , '' budda said . 
 `` i 'm meeting . '' 
 he strolled down the sidewalk so he would n't have to talk to the man and hear his tale of woe . 
 it would be tough to top budda 's woes . 
 then an idea came to him , and he returned to the man . 
 budda handed him the folded stack of bills he stole from odyn . 
 `` you probably need this more than i do , '' he said . 
 the man looked at the money and then at budda . 
 `` i 've already got the money for my ticket , '' the man said . 
 `` and you do n't look like you 're so good off yourself . '' 
 `` i 'm fine , '' budda said , still holding out the cash for the man to take . 
 `` just take it , please . '' 
 after hesitating for a moment , the man took the money and secured it in his buttoned shirt pocket . 
 `` this is turning out to be one fine day , '' he said . 
 once the station opened and he determined the return fare to st. louis , budda called his father , collect , on a payphone to wire the money . 
 he braced himself for a barrage of screaming and yelling , but his dad sounded uncharacteristically calm , like he had expected budda 's call . 
 `` what happened to your cell phone ? '' 
 dad asked . 
 `` lost it . 
 sorry . '' 
 `` now i know why you never called me back . 
 how is addie ? '' 
 `` how did you know that 's where i went ? '' 
 `` i pay attention more than you think . 
 i could see how much you missed her . 
 i had a good idea where you 'd gone , but you still worried me to death , especially when you did n't answer your phone . 
 yesterday , i came home from work early because i could n't concentrate enough to get anything done . 
 but i was i was just as worthless here because i did n't know if you were safe . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 budda would n't tell his father anything about the weekend . 
 if he did , it would confirm his worst fears . 
 the man would never let budda out of his sight again . 
 `` i tried to call addie i do n't know how many times , '' dad said . 
 `` just like you , she never answered her phone . '' 
 `` you have her number ? '' 
 budda was surprised and jealous . 
 `` of course , i have her number , '' dad said . 
 budda had assumed he enjoyed a stronger connection with addie than anyone . 
 there was so much about her he had gotten wrong . 
 `` i never found her , '' budda said . 
 `` i do n't think she even lives in valkyrie after all . '' 
 `` well . '' 
 `` she never showed up back in kirkwood , i guess . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` i met her brothers , '' budda said . 
 `` they 're quite a bunch . '' 
 `` i can only imagine , '' dad said . 
 the man sounded different to budda . 
 maybe he had always sounded that way , more patient , than budda had realized . 
 he appreciated that his father would hold off lecturing him until he got home . 
 or maybe he would n't lecture him at all . 
 it could happen , right ? 
 perhaps his dad knew there was nothing he could say that budda had n't already figured out for himself . 
 budda told his father that the bus would n't leave louisville until eleven that night and get to st. louis the next morning . 
 `` we could drive there and back by the time the bus leaves , '' dad said . 
 `` just stay put and we 'll come to get you . '' 
 `` if you 're talking about bringing lando , i 'd rather you did n't . '' 
 `` well . 
 he told me about the money you took , but do n't worry . 
 i believe i 've persuaded him to see the situation from a different angle . '' 
 `` i 'd still rather not ride with him all the way back . 
 it 's been a long day , and lando would be more than i can take right now . 
 i 'm going to need at least a hundred hours of sleep first . '' 
 `` all right then . 
 i 'll be headed your way shortly . '' 
 `` dad ? '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` i lost my library book , too . '' 
 after a pause , dad said , `` there are worse things . 
 i 'll just be happy to have you home safe . '' 
 budda entered the cafeteria adjoining the terminal and ordered a coke and potato chips . 
 except for a few coins , the transaction took the rest of his money . 
 he was proud of himself for making it last . 
 budda planted himself at a table and began his long wait . 
 he wished he still had oliver twist . 
 he might be able to make more sense of it the second run-through . 
 he felt a little ... not smarter , but wiser now . 
 he also wished blood mama would come back to see him , but he knew she was gone . 
 oh well . 
 baresha sat down at the table . 
 `` and i thought i had a rough time , '' she said , surveying the crusted mud on his clothes and shoes . 
 budda smiled so broadly that he knew he looked goofy , but he could n't help himself . 
 `` what happened with stuart ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` let 's just say stuart was not my type . 
 no need to go into specifics , but i walked out on him in the middle of the night . 
 i went back to that mcdonald 's and hung out for an eternity . 
 i hoped you 'd still be there , which was silly . 
 that place gets old real quick , you know ? 
 i 'll be sticking to wendy 's for awhile . 
 how about you and your sister ? 
 did you go looking for her in a swamp or something ? 
 must have been quite an adventure . '' 
 again with the `` adventure '' , budda thought , but it did n't bother him when baresha said it . 
 she knew something about weekend adventures herself . 
 `` no need to go into specifics there either , '' he said , `` but it did n't work out . '' 
 budda was facing the door , just like at the mcdonald 's , and he was again the first to see stuart enter . 
 still wearing the same red hoodie , he marched toward baresha and looked like he was ready to choke her . 
 `` you stupid bitch , '' stuart said . 
 `` nobody ever walks out on me . '' 
 `` i get the feeling you 've been stalking me , '' baresha said , attempting an attitude of nonchalance that she almost pulled off . 
 she took a sip of budda 's coke -lrb- that again ? -rrb- 
 and kept her gaze on him instead of looking at stuart . 
 budda could see her fear . 
 he knew something about that now . 
 he could n't guess what stuart had done to her , but it must have been bad . 
 baresha did n't scare easily . 
 stuart grabbed baresha by the neck and pulled her out of the chair . 
 `` you 're coming with me , '' he said . 
 baresha struggled to free herself , but stuart was too strong . 
 she did n't scream or even raise her voice , as if doing so would be embarrassing or futile . 
 several customers were in the cafeteria , including the man with the clear garbage bag who had waited out front . 
 some of the diners looked alarmed , but no one made a move to help . 
 they were leaving town to get away from trouble , and they did n't need to take on anyone else 's . 
 budda realized that he was supposed to come to kentucky to save a girl after all . 
 without thinking about what he would do , budda jumped up and grabbed stuart 's wrist on the same hand that held baresha . 
 it was the funniest thing stuart had ever seen . 
 this kid , though much taller than him , had all the strength of an oat straw . 
 this would be fun , getting to pummel the scarecrow and then finish his business with baresha . 
 what a glorious saturday it was shaping up to be . 
 the only thing that could make the moment better for stuart is if he could think of something clever to say , just like tough guys did in the movies before they snapped some loser thug 's neck . 
 everyone in the cafeteria would repeat stuart 's words when they told the story later . 
 stuart decided what he would say . 
 `` i suggest you ... '' whatever memorable verb was coming next got shoved back down his throat as budda rammed the heel of his hand into stuart 's front teeth . 
 stuart reflexively let go of baresha 's neck and covered his mouth as he fell backwards . 
 even before he hit the floor , he had begun to wonder what it would cost to have two cuspids replaced . 
 he would have to call home for money . 
 no sooner was stuart lying on the floor than baresha began to kick him . 
 she was good at it , too . 
 she had quit playing youth recreation soccer because she had found it boring , and not because she had little leg strength . 
 even stuart was impressed as he curled into a fetal position and began to wail . 
 `` that 's enough , '' budda said , bear-hugging baresha from behind and pulling her back . 
 a dazed stuart , once he realized the kicking barrage was over , crawled toward the exit before baresha could come back for more . 
 after a few feet , he got to his feet and stumbled out . 
 humiliated , he did n't look back . 
 baresha was crying now , and budda was ready to . 
 `` we should probably stay in here awhile in case he 's waiting for us out there , '' budda said . 
 they sat back down at the table . 
 the other customers went back to their own worlds . 
 `` i thought you were going to kick his head in , '' budda said . 
 `` i could hear the hollow sound it was making . '' 
 baresha wiped her eyes and laughed . 
 budda smiled . 
 it was the first intentionally-funny thing he had ever said . 
 he was troubled , though . 
 he remembered what odyn had said . 
 when you get in some situation where you got to pop a guy to protect what 's important to you , you 'll pop him . 
 he did n't want to be that guy . 
 he should have first tried to reason with stuart , but he did n't give him a chance . 
 the events of the past two days had been more than budda could take . 
 every ounce of submissiveness had been wrung from him . 
 he had never felt better than the moment stuart 's teeth gave way against his hand . 
 baresha reached across the table and put her hand on top of that hand now . 
 `` thank you , '' she said . 
 budda did n't want to move . 
 baresha 's soft and warm hand on his was the best thing he had ever felt . 
 `` we 're a fine pair , '' she said . 
 `` two rejects who ca n't find anyone to love us . 
 and now i have to search for someplace to live . 
 mom found out about stuart on our computer , and now she says she 's had enough . 
 she ca n't take me running off anymore . 
 gon na kick me out of the house so i can stay run off . 
 the truth is , i 'm cured of it , for awhile anyway . '' 
 `` you ought to come to st. louis and live with us , '' budda said . 
 `` my dad 's had foster daughters before . 
 it would be nice to have a sister around again . '' 
 `` so that 's how you 'd see me ? '' 
 baresha asked , looking put out . 
 `` as your sister ? '' 
 budda had stepped in it without knowing it . 
 relationships with the opposite sex were fraught with perils . 
 `` that 's not what i meant , '' he said . 
 `` i only mean it would be a safe place for you to be . 
 i 'd make sure my brother left you alone , too . 
 i 've discovered lately it does n't hurt to push back once in awhile . 
 so please , do n't take what i said the wrong way . '' 
 `` i was just playing with you , '' baresha said . 
 `` your invitation is very sweet . 
 it 's real tempting , too . 
 but mom wo n't really kick me out . 
 she 's genuinely mad and she 'll unleash her fury on me as soon as i step off the bus . 
 but it 's just me and her , and she could n't live without me . '' 
 `` but we can stay in touch , right ? 
 i could even come to see you . '' 
 `` i wo n't be let near a computer for months . 
 and you know we could talk like we 'd stay in touch , but we wo n't . 
 you 'll forget all about me in no time . '' 
 `` so you 're saying you 'd forget about me ? '' 
 `` trust me , kevin , there 's nothing about this weekend i 'll ever forget . 
 you 're the only good part of it . 
 you do n't talk much , but i believe the more someone talks , the less they know . 
 i wish i could be more like you . '' 
 no one had said that to budda before . 
 the words seemed as strange as if baresha were speaking chinese . 
 as if to prove baresha 's point , he let her words go past him silently . 
 `` we 'll come across each other again someday , i know it , '' baresha said . 
 `` and when we do , we 'll have some catching up to do . '' 
 *** budda never heard from baresha again . 
 he never heard addie 's voice either . 
 she never again spoke to him as blood mama had . 
 the time in the walgreens parking lot was the only instance of it . 
 some days he thought addie was dead , and other days , he convinced himself she had moved someplace warm like florida . 
 he occasionally checked the website of the louisville newspaper to see if there was any news of the starkwethers , whether arrested or dead . 
 he found nothing . 
 maybe ellie had decided against turning in her cousins . 
 or maybe such crime news was too common to be mentioned . 
 he kept thinking he would see a report of a deer hunter finding human remains in the timber south of valkyrie , but there was nothing . 
 about a year after his trip to valkyrie , budda found a name in the news that he did recognize . 
 an online article reported that `` robert j. , mogley , jr. , 36 , a landscaper from valkyrie , was shot and killed tuesday afternoon during an apparent dispute with an elderly st. matthews woman . '' 
 police said the argument started when mogley tried to mow the woman 's lawn . 
 the woman said it did n't need mowing . 
 mogley had been doing her yard work for years , and the old woman was fed up with how often he mowed it . 
 she told him to stop mowing . 
 he would n't . 
 she shot him . 
 charges against the woman were pending . 
 budda decided the landscaping business was n't so boring after all . 
 ### about the author ron d smith is also the author of the savior of turk and the storm before the calm : the early lives of venus and hiro . 
 ron would love to hear from you at smitrond -lrb- at -rrb- gmail.com or http://smithdeville.wordpress.com . 
