 you are now listening to : the scoundrels daniel kahan published by daniel kahan at smashwords . 
 copyright 2012 daniel kahan formatted by ebooksmade4you * * * this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 * * * this book is dedicated to you , my reader . 
 please communicate thoughts on this writing to the author at thescoundrels9@gmail.com daniel * * * tracklist track 1 : what could kane hailand have tattooed on his forehead ? 
 track 2 : leon by the beard track 3 : the tribe dances track 4 : a melody for alma track 5 : eureka ! 
 a child track 6 : the nameless stranger track 7 : heart of the people track 8 : the genius laments track 9 : what could kane hailand have tattooed on his forehead ? 
 reprise * * * track 1 : what could kane hailand have tattooed on his forehead ? 
 kane hailand drove through concrete highways with a senseless tattoo plastered across his forehead . 
 he thought only of how much change the land had seen - the metal signage refracting warnings of perpetual road construction , the matrix of tail-lights glowing red to light the scrutinized skyline , cars blaring horns like curses unto their fellow vehicles , billboards lit to promote everything from diamond jewelry and chewing gum to sexual safety . 
 there were so many lights - everything was so visible , observable , so permanent and public . 
 then there was the billboard with kane 's face on it . 
 lit high in the firmament above all other billboards , kane hailand 's image observed the metropolis while wearing a winking eyepatch and a jester 's hat , sandwiched between the one he loved and the one she loved . 
 sooner or later they make a monkey out of all of us - dress us up and make us dance . 
 kane ignored the radio 's rolling vocal lilts until he heard his own name sound from the dashboard in the emcee 's introduction to a song kane hailand wrote during his stint in the greatest musical trio the world had ever known . 
 the song , from darkness , was recorded on a handheld cassette player during a weeklong blackout . 
 the lyrics explore the birth of music as the piano and the singer slowly ascend from their lowest notes to culminate in the amazing screech of musical light at the high end of their respective instruments . 
 the song was treasured among scoundrels fans for its live performances , in which the band and all their fans wore blindfolds . 
 when the singer hit her famous high note , a remarkable and orotund a6 , every being in presence stepped out of the blackness of their blindfolds to behold kane hailand 's godlike silhouette in a glorious beam of light - the sensation was as powerful as birth . 
 the scoundrels were the most talented trio of individuals to ever commit life to a record , but they never matched the caliber of their first-ever piece - train of power . 
 kane hailand believes this is because perfection has no equal . 
 his younger self knew every secret in the universe with an architect 's certainty , but he abandoned those secrets in the abysmal recesses of time - truth , he knew in youth , and then forgot . 
 driving into the violent wind with no destination was the only way for kane to run from his self . 
 kane turned off the dial . 
 to anyone else , coasting smooth at 99 mph over the american highway while getting lost to scoundrels tunes would have rung paradise , but to kane hailand it was global prison . 
 lackluster-eyed kane hailand had been bent over and defeated . 
 kane hailand was god until he destroyed the world . 
 the creator of the universe , adonai , yahweh , jah , the one - kane hailand . 
 none of these names suit him as he is now , driving through someone else 's world with a tattoo on his forehead . 
 what is god to do when eternity expires ? 
 kane prepared to challenge his will and take a brash leap into one of two freedoms - he 'll either die or he wo n't . 
 the shame about music is that their gods die too young . 
 twisting the rearview , kane lifted his wool cap , the only remaining artifact from his political days , stitched with the snaggle-toothed guise of geronimo , the 9-legged octopus who served as mascot for the violet 9 . 
 kane examined the violet tattoo on his forehead , only readable when reversed through mirror . 
 his mind dove and drowned in memory . 
 * * * approximately eighteen months after his university loft mysteriously exploded -lrb- arson was never suspected -rrb- , kane hailand and his roommate were taking a hiatus from recording their first album , i am the jester , o yea , o yea , because kane 's roommate was on another drug binge . 
 kane handed a sugar pill to his roommate . 
 roommate : what is this , cyanide ? 
 kane : yes . 
 i 'm trying to kill you . 
 the roommate swallowed the pill . 
 minutes later , the two began a competition to determine who could eat chinese food faster . 
 dressed primly in a blue military tunic , a treble clef epaulet on his right shoulder and a bass clef on his left , kane 's appearance was blinding . 
 blue bells jangled from his brass cuffs , his blue hair was cropped to expose his ears , and the twin sides of his mustache mirrored each other as hands preparing to pray . 
 his crystalline collar controlled the light spectrum as the four ears of his blue-tinted jester 's hat flopped to their own accord . 
 a hand-painted blue eye-patch covered his left eye so that his masked eye would always be gazing into a blue infinity . 
 sun king , his pet bluebird , nibbled tactfully at his beef lo mein . 
 the roommate astounded in a red three-piece suit , both breasts emblazoned with an initial - ha . 
 he had heavy bags under his eyes from night terrors and wrathful sermonizing . 
 a red top hat floated above his skull like dust in a moonbeam . 
 his red hair tangled over his shoulders and he wore an eye-mask made of red feathers plucked from the mythological phoenix . 
 fire heated the souls of his red boots , the same fire that burns within a man in a ring who thrives off the adrenaline . 
 kane manipulated his chopsticks with furious dexterity while the roommate plunged a fork into his carryout container . 
 if there was a piano beneath the roommate 's fingers then his hands would produce cities of sound , but his stiff fingers were incapable of handling chopsticks when removed from the piano . 
 kane and his roommate challenged each other , glaring as they devoured . 
 the roommate flashed his red eyes , snarling his patented devilish snarl , brow formed in an inverted question mark beneath his red-feathered mask . 
 he poured hot sauce into his custom-made red takeout container . 
 kane grew up an orphan , yet he somehow found a roommate who was born a diva with custom-made takeout containers . 
 through all their competitions , kane never once witnessed his roommate allow a bite past his lips without hot sauce . 
 in between bites , the roommate downed liquor . 
 he claimed that he drank because liquor lubricates the throat better than water , thus allowing him to gain a competitive edge against kane in their chinese food game of war - all addicts make excuses . 
 their battle , as always , was deflected toward the immortal entrance of the roommate 's girlfriend . 
 gorgeous tresses dyed violet spilled over her slender shoulders , her once-sapphire eyes sunken from the cigarettes . 
 she saw the world through a violet scale with colored contact lens . 
 violet is the only color , she used to say . 
 she wore a tight-fitting violet coat made from violet petals , nothing underneath . 
 kane watched his roommate 's girlfriend pass his roommate breaths of violet smoke through her kiss . 
 she retrieved a violet bandana from one of the 9 pockets sewn to the inside of her flowery coat , knotting the garment over her boyfriend 's red-feathered mask to suppress the red flames of his eyes . 
 to access her inside pockets , it was necessary that she loosen all 9 of her coat 's buttons with the gentlest of care so as to ensure the protection of the violet-pedaled coat . 
 the buttons were made from the eye of the violet . 
 coolly , she opened the flap of her coat to expose a naked breast . 
 kane watched . 
 she wanted kane to watch . 
 she used to be such a sweetheart - innocent , virginal . 
 he could n't blame her for what she was about to do - the roommate got what he had coming . 
 they all did . 
 she cleared the empty takeout boxes from the table and laid the following arrangement from the contents of her 9 coat pockets - a sewing needle , a spool of violet thread , a mechanical pencil , a printer cartridge that she had emptied and refilled with home-made violet ink , and , as always , her violet monogrammed cigarette case , custom-made to fit 9 cigarettes , hand-rolled with the violet paper she had dipped in perfume to smell like violets . 
 the length of the cigarettes equaled the accumulated length of her 9 violet fingernails - she abhorred the metric system . 
 she peppered the tobacco with solvent violet 13 , which kane and his roommate had stolen from the university 's chemistry annex . 
 the solvent , when lit , produced a violet-colored smoke . 
 these were the chemicals she put in her lungs . 
 she removed a violet-plated .9 mm pistol from her coat . 
 roommate : you carry a gun now ? 
 girlfriend : sit back , honey . 
 she set the violet pistol on the table . 
 this pistol would one day render her the only performer ever to fire a gun in carnegie hall - the drunken pianist fell asleep while playing her accompaniment , and she woke him with a violet bullet in the leg of his mad red piano . 
 the girlfriend rolled the sleeve of the roommate 's red suit to his elbow , using the violet thread to tie his arm to the chair . 
 she held the needle next to the tip of the mechanical pencil so that a half-inch of metal poked free into the air like a bayonet . 
 holding the pencil and the needle in this position , she wound the thread counterclockwise around the two objects . 
 at this point , kane recalls a lascivious violet wink from her beautiful eye . 
 he watched as she wrapped the thread , twisting her violet polished fingers above the mechanical pencil , neatly around the needle , spiraling to the silver point that would forever stain . 
 the girlfriend plugged her blindfolded boyfriend 's ears with two polished fingers . 
 through 9 intermittent violet lipstick kisses on the roommate 's blind face , she puffed her violet smoke and spoke to kane . 
 girlfriend : the thread soaks the ink -lrb- kiss -rrb- . 
 you wind the thread as close -lrb- kiss -rrb- as -lrb- kiss -rrb- possible -lrb- kiss -rrb- to the tip of the needle -lrb- kiss -rrb- . 
 that way -lrb- kiss -rrb- , you do n't have to stick it so far into the skin -lrb- kiss -rrb- . 
 as much as i would like to let our boy here -lrb- kiss -rrb- ride the pain -lrb- kiss -rrb- , he would n't be able to handle it . 
 she kissed her blindfolded boyfriend hard on the mouth as she groped inside his red suit pocket for a lighter . 
 for sterilization , she held the exposed eye of the needle under the red flame , and to this day that fire burns in kane 's memory as the eternal torch of retribution . 
 the girlfriend sucked her violet-polished finger and thumbed saliva across her boyfriend 's open forearm in an animal act of cleaning . 
 she lifted her crafted mechanism and dipped the sterilized needle into the open ink cartridge . 
 when she withdrew the needle from the ink , she pointed it toward the ceiling so kane could watch in silence as the ink bled down the thread . 
 and kane watched it bleed - violet blood trickling through the thread as he trapped a large bite of beef lo mein between his chopsticks . 
 kane hailand snuck an advantage in his chinese food game of war while he watched her prick a homemade needle into his roommate 's arm . 
 kane had no wish to come between them . 
 that 's a lie . 
 the roommate snarled his devilish snarl and occasionally inquired to discover what it was that his girlfriend was doing to his tied up arm that caused such sexy pain . 
 she paused to snatch the red top hat from the roommate 's head , allowing his tangled red hair to shine . 
 after a spectacle of inked stabbing so precisely intense that kane imagined he could feel it , the girlfriend raised her hand-made mechanism from her boyfriend 's tied-up arm . 
 she spoke . 
 kane imagined whatever she said to be directed more toward him than to her blindfolded boyfriend . 
 girlfriend : i want you to see it . 
 but i have to wash it first . 
 wash well . 
 it 's very important to wash well . 
 that was kane 's favorite part . 
 wash well . 
 defile the body in an ordered chaos of controlled hysteria , but be sure to wash it well . 
 wipe it clean , dust the remnants of madness and expose the finished craft to the world . 
 she lifted an inky cloth from her boyfriend 's arm and she told kane to have a look . 
 the roommate shouted hurriedly as he always shouted hurriedly because he believed speech to be a waste of time . 
 blindfolded roommate : why should kane get to see it first ? 
 let me see . 
 girlfriend : i wan na see jake 's reaction . 
 i wan na see it in his face . 
 roommate : stop calling him jake . 
 he 's kane now . 
 the girlfriend rose from her chair and lifted kane 's eye-patch , kissing him gently on the eyelid . 
 in a trice , kane 's left eye went from peering into the blue infinity of his eye-patch to the soft and moist universe of her violet puckered lips . 
 girlfriend -lrb- in kane 's ear -rrb- : i just shared more with you than he ever would with me . 
 thank you . 
 she walked out the door for the first time , leaving behind a violet inked signature on kane 's roommate 's forearm of the 9 figures she felt best embodied the experience they shared-scoundrel . 
 it was the only thing she ever did for herself . 
 as for kane 's first taste of heaven in the home of her kiss - well , that was for all three of them . 
 * * * in another , more recent memory , kane hailand surveyed the army of his mutilated reflections in the webbed pattern he punched into the mirror . 
 her method of tattooing was too maniacally and perfectly controlled . 
 rage should be barbaric . 
 passion should be barbaric . 
 in the broken mirror stood a vagrant in an undershirt , sporting half a beard of shaving cream , bleeding at the fist . 
 he needed to leave . 
 leaving was the only way . 
 if he did n't leave her , he would kill her . 
 it would n't be the gruesome domestic murder that the media would glorify for centuries as the epic disbanding of the scoundrels through lustful slaughter - it would be the much more subtle , oft-seen melodrama in which he 'd slowly suck the life out of her with their mutual projected indifference . 
 she did n't deserve it . 
 she was perfect until he destroyed her . 
 the souls of fortune who have been blessed with such phenomenal gifts as kane hailand 's imagination are never hesitant to improvise . 
 globules of shaving cream still hanging from his earlobes , kane scraped a handheld razor against the unshaven side of his face , ridding himself of his trademark mustache for the first time since he sprouted the extraordinary facial hair as an adolescent scholar in the orphanage . 
 without the mustache , he noticed just how much he looked like hank adaline , the genius pianist-turned-dj . 
 instead of continuing with the razor , kane pulled a jagged fragment from the busted mirror and raised it to his head . 
 just one momentary lapse and he 'd be lying on the floor with a split adam 's apple - the thought was absolutely thrilling . 
 he dragged the glass shard in a descending streak over his eyebrow . 
 blood snaked from the open wound , spreading like a delta over his eye . 
 in his preoccupied state , kane failed to account for the fact that he has blood , that any tearing of flesh , let alone on the fragile forehead , will thunder blood to flow like rain down his face . 
 the forehead is a highly expressive , highly human physical asset , the only visible indication of man as an intelligent being . 
 peruse any textbook and you 'll find in the evolution of the human skull that man 's forehead has become much fuller and more pronounced . 
 a forehead distinguishes man as man - no other animal has a forehead . 
 in man , however , you 'll find an expressive field of flesh , a badged shield over the world of his mind , bordered by two lines of hair . 
 a forehead is a blessing from nature , crowning man as king . 
 all of kane 's towels were in the wash . 
 he relied on her to do his laundry , but she only ever opted to use the washing machine when she needed a boost of vibration . 
 kane fetched a spare roll of toilet paper to absorb his blood . 
 ordinarily -lrb- that is , if one could be in this position ordinarily -rrb- , he would n't have bothered with the leaking gash in his forehead , but the blood was gushing in such a constant rush that , peering into the scramble of his reflections in the broken mirror , it was difficult to decipher where he had already cut , and he did n't want to botch the carving . 
 kane wiped his brow and resumed treating his forehead like a jack-o-lantern . 
 he was once the jester in the greatest musical trio of all time - alas , the jester and the scoundrels are no more . 
 it is most unfortunate that kane failed to account for his use of the mirror to guide his carving - when viewed away from the mirror , his tattoo is meaninglessly backward . 
 he also botched the fourth -lrb- or fourth to last , depending on which way you look at the tattoo -rrb- character . 
 do n't be too critical of kane 's blunder - watch any child practice his handwriting , and it becomes immediately apparent that this character is one of the more difficult letters in the english alphabet . 
 after drenching the roll of toilet paper in blood , kane lifted the rug from underneath his feet and dabbed it to his forehead . 
 he could smell the synthetic smoke from her violet ashtray . 
 somewhere in his mind he was unrelentingly annoyed with her for keeping her ashtray in his bathroom . 
 the ceramic ashtray was an impeccable mold of her mouth as it stretched when she growled her most famous growl in the coda to the hounds of anger . 
 the violet molding was anatomically perfect , except that it held a pile of violet ash in place of a tongue - this was probably more fitting . 
 though she did n't live with him , he somehow became entrapped in a living situation in which she kept an ashtray in his bathroom . 
 a box of tampons , a violet glass makeup case - she had invaded . 
 of course , she could n't smoke outside because she could n't be seen . 
 this stubborn secrecy was not to hide their affair . 
 hank adaline knew about the affair . 
 at least kane assumed hank knew - they did n't talk about it . 
 what nobody knew , however , was that she carried on the affair with kane when she was supposedly visiting the oncologist . 
 her smoking was a chore , requiring constant attention like the child she never had . 
 her smoky drawl empowered her to become the only woman kane ever met who could growl . 
 this was anika handel , the greatest contralto in the history of sound , who smoked two packs a day . 
 the earth is a temple , the body a wasteland - everybody has their own methods of destruction . 
 kane completed the insignia with a defiant slash of mirror , bowed into his forehead as if to prove to god or his self or whoever may be watching that he had done the deed . 
 as he moved to lift the lock from the door , the faint taste of death leaking into his mouth from the bleeding crest over his brow , he noted curiously that he had n't felt any pain when carving the insignia into his forehead . 
 he had been too focused , too adrenalized to notice any pain . 
 kane hailand believed father pain must be present to validate birth . 
 kane emptied the contents of the violet ashtray into his palm and smacked them to his forehead , letting the violet soot stain his open flesh to sting a holy primal pain . 
 gritting his teeth to chew the bloody red rug , kane clenched his fists and trembled in triumphant agony as the sweet liberation ignited his being with the omnipotent sensation of life . 
 this scar will endure long after death . 
 pain , pain , beautiful pain - pain as lovely as kane . 
 * * * this is what kane hailand recalled when driving through his life . 
 he conjured the following scenario in his once-brilliant mind countless times over the week since he replaced his signature jester 's hat with a tattooed forehead . 
 she would take a cab . 
 if anyone other than the cabdriver asked where she was going , she would feign weakness and whisper in a masterful rasp that she was on her way to another session with the oncologist . 
 she would arrive at kane 's beachside resort for one of her afternoon visits . 
 she would unbutton her violet coat as she walked through the foyer so that when she did finally saunter into his studio , she would play the naked minx and tempt him in lustful desire . 
 not finding him in the studio , she would wander curiously until she craved a cigarette . 
 this last part would n't take long - she would remind herself that she 's dying anyway . 
 in the bathroom she would find a broken mirror and a sink full of blood . 
 he did n't even leave a note . 
 she used to be an angel - she never had a chance . 
 there are certain safety risks one assumes when soaring thirty-six thousand feet in the oxygen-depleted atmosphere just a week after one has violently severed the flow of blood through one 's forehead . 
 combine this with the astronomical risk of infection one faces when he inundates his sliced flesh with a fist full of carcinogenic ash . 
 kane hailand 's memory was hazy . 
 time , most assuredly , was fooling kane hailand . 
 he had only one human conversation in the week and a half since he tattooed himself in the busted mirror . 
 he imagines this is how his dialogue transpired , standing in the airport in his undershirt , his sneakers , and his wool cap from the violet 9 . 
 ticketing agent : welcome to viking transcontinental , where we never stop exploring . 
 kane : i 'd like to go somewhere new . 
 ticketing agent : south sudan is the newest country , sir , but we do n't fly there . 
 kane : i mean i 'd like to go somewhere i 've never been . 
 ticketing agent : have you reviewed the flight information , sir ? 
 kane : i do n't know what airline this is . 
 ticketing agent : welcome to viking transcontinental , where we never stop exploring . 
 kane : which flights have open seats ? 
 ticketing agent -lrb- typing -rrb- : within the next three hours i can get you to hong kong , toronto , new delhi , paris , cairo , makhraj , lima - kane : makhraj - where 's that ? 
 ticketing agent : the middle east . 
 kane : one ticket please . 
 ticketing agent : okay , one roundtrip ticket to makhraj . 
 kane : just a one-way . 
 ticketing agent : your passport , please . 
 kane : my passport . 
 yes , of course . 
 my passport . 
 one moment . 
 under watch of the airline employee , kane hailand frantically patted his blue-jean pockets . 
 slipping past his passport , he removed a folded photograph . 
 the only existing shot from before kane was abandoned at the orphanage depicted an infantile kane holding the leg of another child who bore a similar facial structure . 
 kane had always questioned why he should be holding the leg of the other child . 
 ideas flashed through his head , too quick for the voice of conscience to piece them out , but powerful enough for kane to recognize the general illusion of chaos , his heart not even beating but jumping without ever coming down so that the anticipation of regaining his heartbeat distracted him from breathing . 
 again , he fished into his pocket for the passport . 
 in his flustered state , he temporarily lost access to his memory . 
 a man in such a state as kane , in which access to one 's own memory is prohibited , becomes unconcerned with minor stresses like social norms , foolishly unable to find a passport in the chasm of his pocket . 
 kane handed his passport and his credit card to the ticketing agent . 
 his wallet , he surmised , will soon be left behind . 
 ticketing agent -lrb- raising his eyes from the passport -rrb- : jake hailand - my lord - you 're kane hailand . 
 kane : some people know me by that name . 
 ticketing agent : i did n't even recognize you without the eye patch and the jester 's hat . 
 and you shaved your mustache ! 
 oh my god , kane , it 's really you . 
 i know every word to red chaos and v.v.i.v. - she 's detonated , looking gorgeous , what are you waiting for - you 're a genius . 
 kane : thank you , that 's very flattering . 
 ticketing agent : how 's anika - with her health and all ? 
 kane : she 's fine . 
 look - ticketing agent : please tell me you guys are getting back together . 
 you got ta get hank back on the piano , man , his dj stuff is garbage . 
 kane : i do n't know the answer to your question . 
 can i please just - ticketing agent : i am the jester , o yea , o yea - jeez , you look like you 've had a hell of a day . 
 kane : that 's a keen observation . 
 ticketing agent : kane hailand , the jester , buying a one-way ticket to a place he 's never heard of - wow . 
 there was a time when discussing his art with a total stranger amazed him , but standing in the airport in his undershirt , his sneakers , and his violet 9 cap , with no luggage and no idea of where he was headed , kane was plainly disinterested . 
 struggling to stay alert , he drew stares from the people toting bags in the lengthy security lines . 
 bright lights of the airport terminal . 
 stinging pain in his forehead . 
 his wool cap . 
 wool is good , thick and warm - absorbent . 
 his vision was foggy like breath on a mirror , causing the flight information on the digital departure board to appear illegible . 
 he imagined everyone who walked past would point at him and judge him with their eyes . 
 he felt as though he were standing nude while a perfect stranger pointed out the minutest of his flaws that he had never been aware of . 
 all he wanted to know was which way to his gate , which way to makhraj , but he would n't dare attempt to speak to them when they were staring with such hostility . 
 a family of four stopped beside him to read the departure board . 
 they lined up like russian dolls to view the flight information , all of them with olive skin and stern cheekbones , standing staunch and silent . 
 the mother , or the woman who kane imagined to be the mother , was covered head to toe in a shadowy red silk niqab . 
 the loose fabric that draped over the woman 's head swayed with the cool breath of the air conditioner , creating a pattern of morphing shadows in the red fabric . 
 kane was startled , for here was a woman who had hidden every inch of skin under cloth , and yet kane knew beyond certainty that she was a woman - what sort of essence exists within a woman that safeguards her unquestionable femininity ? 
 it was in the eyes - the entrancing almost-red eyes that suggested complete purity or total menace , freedom or captivity , piercing two vivid holes into kane 's clouded vision . 
 he had seen those eyes before . 
 there was a time when those eyes were his illumination to being . 
 kane claims that he often evokes the glorious pair of eyes in his imagination , and every time he sees them he becomes shocked anew by their power . 
 this , somehow , is the only thing that ever mattered . 
 kane hailand could n't discern the family 's language , but he believed he heard the word makhraj , and so he waited for them to complete their conversation and then he followed the red niqab at a healthy distance , wishing to see those eyes again so he can gaze into them and challenge them for all eternity . 
 kane does n't remember much else . 
 he remembers the red niqab , dancing like a silk evening star in the distance . 
 periodically , he would pat a hand under his wool cap to touch the greasy scabbed violet . 
 wool is good , he kept thinking . 
 he claims to remember nothing of the flight except an endless field of clouds , floating constant like an ancient path to god 's palace where kane once roamed , every shape unique and ideal . 
 he remembers that evening sun , like an orange giant trying to tell him something if only he could penetrate its blinding light . 
 he dazed through an eleven-hour flight , eating nothing and thinking nothing except for the idea that at one time he could walk over the clouds as an immortal over sea . 
 he does n't remember dates or logistics - he remembers smells and sensations , hunger and cold desperation . 
 he remembers that he did n't eat or drink a morsel all through the eleven hours of flight , but he does n't remember when it was that he realized he left his wallet at the airport , that he never put it back into his pocket once he paid for his ticket . 
 he does n't remember what caused him to panic . 
 he does n't remember panicking at all . 
 when kane was n't watching the clouds as a being removed from all surroundings and past actions , he was cripplingly upset and amazed with the situation he entangled himself in . 
 he thought of anika . 
 and hank - always hank . 
 feelings of guilt , though he was n't quite sure what he felt guilty about . 
 he really was n't leaving anything behind , he told himself . 
 besides , he did n't have a choice . 
 if he would have stayed , then he would have gotten revenge - revenge for all of it . 
 and now to wherever . 
 to makhraj . 
 seat reclined , eyes dry and half-closed , not awake and not asleep , kane watched the clouds . 
 the next thing kane remembers is walking out of son imadak international airport into the ripe makhraj sun . 
 he does n't remember stumbling mechanically like a zombie from the plane to follow a flow of people for an interview with the customs officer - when you rely on kane hailand to use his memory , you 'll always be left to guess . 
 as far as kane recalls , one moment he was following a dancing red star in the pristine yet somehow grimy american airport , and in the very next moment he was confronted with a panorama of oriel windows and advertisements written in two languages . 
 one of the languages was english . 
 he did n't recognize the other , but he assumed it was indeed a language just as any coded symbol must be a language , and surely some language must be spoken in makhraj . 
 swarms of brown faces spoke in the unknown tongue . 
 kane 's younger self would have immediately recognized arabic , the language of his childhood hero , but that was a different kane than the one in makhraj . 
 a young kane hailand once commented in a song called light shattered that the arabic language is beautiful when written , yet its verbal tone is often harsh , as if misread in the disconnect between the language and the speaker - that younger , far more astute , kane hailand was always right , even when he was wrong , and he was blissful . 
 most of all he was the scoundrel who challenged the devil to a battle of wits , and won . 
 or did he - it was always difficult to tell who was winning between hank and kane . 
 kane wandered through the people , breathing the smells and sights of a land unknown . 
 though kane hailand had traveled the world as an international music icon , he had never before toured makhraj . 
 makhraj was unlike any place he had ever seen - a modern city built to mirror the shade of stone . 
 sporadically , through the henhouse of gibberish , people would turn to him and greet him amicably in neighborly english , as if to reassert that he was n't privy to their private native talk . 
 he was either an alien observing the human race or he was the only human observing an alien race - these thoughts from a man who once preached racial harmony , who lambasted societal constructs , especially those as foul as race . 
 truth , he knew in youth , and then forgot . 
 he wished that for just one moment the force of gravity would dissipate , and everyone and everything that anybody ever worked for would float away into endless space . 
 kane was struck by lightning as a university student . 
 he defied every medical study in human history when he developed a telekinetic gift to control particles of light . 
 one of the biggest spectacles at a scoundrels show was to watch kane hailand the jester work his miracles with light . 
 the lightning had another strange effect - it caused his shadow to vanish . 
 kane had n't seen his shadow since the lightning bolt , but there it was , dancing independently of his motion on the cobblestone roads in makhraj . 
 the nimble rain at dusk brought out the smell of gasoline . 
 buses and cars honked their horns and rammed against each other like bumper cars . 
 penniless kane walked west past the traffic , following the setting sun . 
 the last time he saw the sunset was in america , and here that same sun was setting once again - setting in makhraj . 
 kane says it 's not often you get to see the sun set twice in one day . 
 you could try explaining to him that the two sunsets he saw occurred on different calendar days , but he wo n't hear of it . 
 this is typical of kane hailand . 
 kane walked past a beggar who sat in contortedly atop the brick steps of a wax candle shop , gaunt cheeks sucking moisture from his raggedy gown . 
 affected by the beggar , kane tried to speak to the man , to establish a rapport that would perhaps evolve into the most unlikely and beautiful of friendships . 
 in response to kane 's questioning , the man could only shiver . 
 overheated under streetlights in the night , kane removed his violet 9 wool cap and placed it snugly over the beggar 's catatonic skull . 
 kane considered that he was doing something generous for someone else . 
 after a day , perhaps a lifetime , in which he had acted entirely on his own behalf , kane hailand was proud , for he had granted alms to this man of the streets , a man who could hopefully appreciate the cap , blood-ink stains and all . 
 a young man approached . 
 having watched kane 's encounter with the beggar , the young man noticed the severity of kane 's financial situation . 
 he draped an arm over kane 's shoulder , entreating the distraught american to clean up at a hotel and join the party at club emerald . 
 kane politely declined . 
 he was roughing it , and the idea of a known destination was harrowing . 
 besides , entering the public sphere would only increase his chances of being recognized as the jester from the scoundrels . 
 any prospect of recognition struck the maddened kane hailand with sublime terror . 
 he followed an unquenchable urge to let the air flow free into his scarred wounds , to breathe his newfound spontaneity , to run from the sunlight that had long disappeared into the darkness of night . 
 it was in his encounter with the young gentleman that kane registered the implications of having no money in a land in which he knew no one and he did not speak the language . 
 this realization led him to a second realization - namely , that he was hungry , and for hours he had been ignoring the crescendo of a tumultuous migraine . 
 his temples swelled and pulsed , and almost immediately his world became a curse in which light was the source of debilitating pain . 
 escape the light . 
 keep walking . 
 everybody turned to stare at the american with the tattooed forehead , glaring at him and following him with red radar eyes . 
 he nearly stumbled into an impersonator of his self , a slim jester wearing a hand-painted eye patch and a military tunic of the wrong color , dancing with a child who dressed as a chimp . 
 the citizens of makhraj have never heard the name elvis , yet they impersonate kane hailand in the streets . 
 kane marched forth through alleyways of stone , through the square , past mosques and synagogues far older than kane 's homeland , past the mothers breastfeeding in the streets , the men in uniform , the soldiers bearing guns , through the grass , gardens , dirt roads and copses , as the pounding agony throbbed in kane 's head , pulsing rhythmically and musically , as everybody stared . 
 he even invented a little song that he sang with the beating pain in his head - shelter , shelter , sought by all yet not by me / i do not wish to turn my back , i do not wish to leave . 
 valleys and tan mountains under thin veils of darkness , no sign of life-just telephone wire . 
 telephone wire - keep walking . 
 walk until your legs crumble into ossified dust . 
 this was to be a very lonely experience . 
 this was to be whatever kane hailand was looking for . 
 somewhere in his mind , he had done this before . 
 a man will often feel that the world 's gone crazy and that he 's the only sane one left . 
 not kane hailand . 
 kane knew that the world was as it always was , but he had lost his goddamned mind . 
 the valley nights were as cold as they were barren . 
 though the valley boasts of a yearlong agricultural season , the temperature is highly temperamental . 
 kane stomped atop the arid , dry micro-stones topped with tiny shrubs that hugged the ground , and for a while he imagined he was a gargantuan dinosaur clomping over prehistoric territory never walked by men . 
 the air grew colder as he wandered alone in his undershirt and sneakers . 
 nobody was there . 
 nobody was ever there . 
 nobody look at poor kane hailand , he is so alone . 
 yet somehow he was less lonely than when he was with her . 
 he lowered his head and charged forth like a bull into the cold , swallowing slow bullets of thick saliva , regretting the donation of his wool hat , navigating at night . 
 whatever land kane walked was not a land fit for sustaining life . 
 wandering , wandering , wandering kane - wandering into his next life in a series of lifetimes defined by his clothes - kane hailand in the jester 's garb , preceded by the political rebel god of the violet 9 leading secret meetings in his blue robe , who evolved from the poor orphaned jake , yes , jake who lived too long ago for kane to remember what he wore . 
 he was now a new man , a loaded disappointment waiting to fire , wandering in his undershirt and sneakers , forehead tattooed violet . 
 the wanderer was taunted by his own degrading thoughts . 
 kane hailand is nobody 's child - nobody 's child would do as kane has done . 
 the sun rose only to sink again with a sickly spring of his empty stomach and the pulsing migraine in his head . 
 periods of rest were fickle and frequent . 
 tired . 
 weak . 
 hungry . 
 he did n't know what day it was , what hour it was - where he was . 
 weakness weighed his shoulders . 
 what little urine he produced was rust-colored like cola . 
 these are the ancient sands of mother land that man has walked for millennia to never leave his mark on this sacred spread . 
 kane longed for the echoing grumbles to murmur from his stomach because it hurt less when it grumbled . 
 his mouth was hot and clammy , and it felt as though there was some force under his tongue that gave a vile taste and made his stomach churn sickness . 
 his migraine was his hunger , and he could focus on nothing else . 
 to kane hailand , the land breathed , and when it breathed it respired in the shape of letters that form the words to songs that have provided a voice for an entire generation - so why is kane so disoriented ? 
 no vegetation . 
 kane says his sense of motion became more acute . 
 his vision strengthened . 
 he could detect every variance between the motion of animals and the motion of machines . 
 strangely detached from his body . 
 only in hunger did he notice his excess blubber . 
 he imagined his body could probably eat itself for several months . 
 this claim is absurd . 
 the longest documented case of the human body surviving without food is forty days . 
 to posit that one could survive off one 's own fat for several months , especially if the hunger in question belongs to kane hailand , who is of a slim build , is preposterous . 
 kane says despair is powerful . 
 he says despair can strip even the most humanized of regions to a jungle . 
 with no tools to hunt , he 'll either eat or be eaten - these are the fundamental laws by which we live , the primordial code of our war for subsistence . 
 kane had no energy for war . 
 weary . 
 dizzy . 
 sleepless . 
 frail like a languid doll . 
 he imagines he spent days in this condition . 
 what would it be like to say goodbye to a lover ? 
 kane hailand would n't know . 
 there was a time when he could feel passion . 
 his lyrics somehow inspired passion in others , but kane hailand was detached and dead inside . 
 kane left anika for the cancer to eat her . 
 he does n't think he could have done much if he stayed . 
 there are medical studies that suggest that the patient has a higher chance of recovery with support from those around her - love can serve to boost morale , which is intimately linked with physical health . 
 kane could n't do that . 
 what they had was never love , anyway - it was probably spite more than anything else . 
 he could n't keep her happy . 
 she was ruined . 
 he was too . 
 her visits to his hotel were strictly sexual in every way except in the way that she looked at him - things go unspoken . 
 when kane left , he took her excuse with him , and maybe now she 'll go to her oncologist . 
 there is no shame when you are thirsty in despair , kane says . 
 your stomach is a constant reminder that you 're lacking . 
 when you 're lacking , it does n't matter what you 're lacking . 
 kane imagined he was nearly empty . 
 there is nothing lonelier than an empty soul . 
 the migraine plummeted from his brain to his teeth like a militant army of pain turned against him . 
 and the thirst . 
 thirst , kane says , is the most consuming of pains , far more consuming than hunger . 
 he was dizzy , as if bound to an ever-rotating scaffold that somehow never completes its rotation . 
 beaded cakes of rotting saliva lined his mouth like crusted filth , the cracks of his lips clawed with blood to mirror the spaces between his pained teeth , his mouth stale and foul-tasting . 
 thirst does n't allow sleep - it does n't allow complete wakefulness either . 
 thirst left kane in a crippled daze , his mouth dry and sticky as if his tongue had been cemented in a powdered layer of concrete , wandering the sun-scorched wastelands . 
 moving his tongue required an obstreperous effort . 
 kane imagined he would kill an animal to drink its blood . 
 in an afterthought , he realized the sodium content of blood probably would n't make for a refreshing beverage . 
 thirst does n't allow forethought - the only thoughts thirst allows are thoughts of thirst . 
 while studying his shadow , kane happened upon a leopard perched in a tree among the swirling river valley sands . 
 golden in the wild grass , spotted in royal rings of black , chatoyant eyes mesmerizing and green , the leopard slobbered a yoyo of saliva in anticipation of its wandering prey in the grass below . 
 kane never knew that leopards habit the middle east . 
 least of all did he expect to find a leopard in the river valley . 
 but even if this leopard were the only living leopard in the makhraj wilderness , it would have assuredly found kane hailand . 
 animals of all species gravitated toward kane . 
 it was part of his gig , one of his musical superpowers . 
 animals and light . 
 he always traveled with an animal companion - sun king the bluebird , icarus the walrus , phaeton the pig of light , and who could forget the infamous glass pelican ? 
 many venues disapproved , but the scoundrels were adamant that kane hailand the jester never took the stage without an animal sidekick . 
 back in america , kane 's thoughts used to range from his dreams the night before to the universal implications of humanity in peril . 
 in america , petty issues bothered kane . 
 in the wild , he thought about how to put food in his mouth . 
 possessed by living hunger , kane imagined he could hunt the leopard . 
 pound for pound , the leopard is one of the most efficient hunters in the natural world , but why should kane concern himself with such petty minutiae when his hunger had seized control ? 
 the leopard remained still and silent , intently focused on some scene below that kane could n't make out through the waist-high grass . 
 kane trekked forth , stalking slowly and silently , hiding behind a boulder in the grass fields . 
 eat or be eaten . 
 here in nature , pitted against this silent beast of the wild , a timeless portrait of man versus whatever he turned against himself . 
 kane the animal , bow to his roar . 
 weaponless , tactless , gaunt and delusional , kane prepared to challenge the beast . 
 he briefly imagined what raw flesh would taste like - and they call the lion the king of the jungle . 
 the leopard pounced . 
 instantly , the leopard had its passing prey by the neck . 
 a gazelle lay limp and bleeding in the predator 's jaws . 
 kane watched in astonishment as the leopard dragged the gazelle by the neck to its tree . 
 the leopard commenced its feast . 
 this was the most fortunate occurrence kane could have hoped for . 
 although he had no prior knowledge of a leopard 's dietary habits , kane imagined the leopard would not eat the whole gazelle . 
 eventually , the leopard would have its fill , and once it had its fill , it would leave its post for kane to gorge on leftovers . 
 all kane had to do was stalk behind his boulder and be patient . 
 kane watched the leopard tear through the flesh of its prey , marauding in a great buffet of cartilage . 
 kane kept his distance because he did n't know if a leopard would consider human for dessert . 
 this was the first time he had ever feared an animal , as all animals had always been affectionate toward kane , but he had lost so much of his former self that he could n't gamble in assuming that he still retained the trust of all animals . 
 his vision faded into a blue headache . 
 everything became more buoyant . 
 yellow and gray sequences of light . 
 leopards live in solitude . 
 they roam the land alone , cohabiting only for as long as it takes to mate . 
 kane watched perfection in the motion of the leopard 's jaws - the ferocious back-and-forth of its gorging head , its white quill whiskers , its blinking eyelids , which , when open , exposed a penetrating gaze as the gazelle lay still and utterly dead . 
 the leopard nibbled delightfully , peeling the hide from the bone to get to the meat . 
 kane could n't believe how simple the process looked . 
 it was not at all bloody or violent . 
 this was appetizing to kane . 
 like a man peering into opposing mirrors , kane wondered if god has a god . 
 in the last song he wrote for the trio , kane hailand argued that god is a superior architect to man . 
 man believes he was created in god 's image because he wants to be like god , to create like god . 
 and man can create . 
 kane most certainly can create - kane hailand was once god . 
 through kane 's entire artistic career , the only truth he learned is that man can not contend with god . 
 the only weapon man can wield against god is that of destruction . 
 in the rubble of destruction , however , something new is created . 
 destruction can be a brilliant means to creation . 
 the song was called alone in myth . 
 hank adaline refused to write a piano accompaniment . 
 no matter how kane presented the lyrics to the genius , hank adaline remained resolute in his decision to ditch the mad red piano for his new mad red turntables . 
 the greatest pianist in the universe became a forlorn dj . 
 god does not live here anymore . 
 drinking perfection in the motion of the leopard , kane decided to smother the sun . 
 he told himself that if a sun could set twice in one day , it could just as easily set once and for all . 
 somehow , he would gain the power to do the impossible . 
 set the sun . 
 at the very least , he would try . 
 this was the kane hailand the world once knew . 
 kane ducked behind the boulder in the grass , watching the primeval act and thinking what it could be like to be eaten alive . 
 he imagined it was the migraine that drained his capacity for movement , but he knows now that it was the lack of nourishment that so weakened him . 
 thirst . 
 he describes thirst as the perpetual sensation of trying to burp , the consuming despair that there 's a pit clogged in your closing throat . 
 his tongue was encased in an impenetrable armor of dryness , searching the cave of his mouth for saliva , suffering the recurring hallucinatory sips of water from which he would snap into consciousness , disappointed to learn that none of it was real . 
 as he enviously and voyeuristically watched the leopard 's feast , kane considered it strange that the leopard was unaware of his presence . 
 appearing suddenly , like an apparition , a second , smaller leopard limped forth . 
 the feasting leopard raised its face in an instant snarl . 
 kane says a leopard has two faces - one face is docile while the other is a fierce snarl . 
 the docile face is majestically playful , serene and contemplative . 
 the snarl is menacing , and it comes in a flash of fangs borne like ivory knives , only to be reformed back to its masked docility . 
 the snarl need only last an instant - its message is clear . 
 just one fang hung like a stalactite in the roaring snarl of the limping intruder . 
 a younger kane would have dedicated his entire artistic output to a small leopard with a lame leg and a single fang . 
 the small intruder approached kane , hobbling forth . 
 the feasting leopard felt threatened , flashing its snarl , the two leopards hissing threats in muted roars as they began to parry in a circle . 
 kane instinctively placed a protective hand over the photograph in his pocket . 
 the leopards made lunges at each other , dodging the opponent only to dance back into battle . 
 snarling , hissing , roaring , pouncing , showing teeth . 
 kane watched and forgot his thirsty crippling migraine . 
 kills must have been scarce in the valley , as the one-fanged leopard , though visibly outmatched , refused to leave until it had its meal . 
 eat or be eaten . 
 leopard against leopard , heart against heart - what chance does man have at peace ? 
 the larger leopard pounced on the miniature intruder , piercing its fangs into the intruder 's throat , leaving the lame intruder to lie wounded beside the kill . 
 the victor did not cannibalize as kane had hoped . 
 kane considered carving his initials into the boulder he was crouching behind . 
 he would do it with his fingernails , or perhaps a stick . 
 if death was to find him there , the world should know the fate of their beloved jester . 
 he decided against this - the land does not belong to man , as man belongs to land . 
 after having its fill of the gazelle , the killer leopard escaped into the wild grass . 
 kane 's hunger now a wailing siren in his head , he approached the kill . 
 the wounded intruder lay beside the kill , its chest inflating in perfect rhythm with the wind . 
 watching the leopards ' duel had excited kane from his delirium , investing him with just enough life to regain an iota of sense , which told him that as long as the lame leopard was alive and near the kill , it was ill-advised to act . 
 a fleeting voice told kane to put the leopard out of its misery - mangled and mutilated by a member of its own species , the one-fanged leopard will never know trust . 
 kane continued wandering - his body empty , his head a rolling mass of pain , the scars on his forehead flaring like torches to lead his unknown path . 
 sunrise , rise again . 
 every time kane saw the sun rise he wondered how many times it had risen that day . 
 he says thirst prevents you from conceptualizing things like day and night . 
 kane hailand will set the sun . 
 kane could n't remember his lyrics . 
 these are lyrics he performed nightly , lyrics that defined a generation , lyrics he polished with a sculptor 's chisel , gauging their every nuance from the shape of their sound to their written appearance so that all words , syllables , letters , and pauses were perfectly aligned in rhythm . 
 these lyrics were kane hailand . 
 these lyrics were gone . 
 thunderbolts roared . 
 lightning lit the sky . 
 somewhere along his journey , kane imagined he heard the low rumble of a distant river . 
 a voice inside him imagined he would n't make it to the river . 
 his organs said yes , while what was left of his mind said to hell with it , too tired to argue , clawing through this slow-roasting thirst . 
 he saw a purblind image of his aqueous reflection in the water - pale sunken face , emaciated frame , and the mirrored tattoo which , when reflected in the river , appeared as he originally intended . 
 a zigzag bolt of lightning shocked the river . 
 kane does n't remember much else - just the singing lure of the river , the painted sunrise , and his final distinct vision , as vivid and as real to him as anything he had ever known - those brilliant , beautiful , unmistakable eyes that once blazed in fantastic fire through the silk window of the airport mother 's red niqab , the eyes that have watched him and inspired him through all his life . 
 in this vision , however , the eyes were not set in the niqab - they did n't belong to a woman at all . 
 kane saw the sacred pair of red eyes set in the stoic and providential face of a one-armed shirtless black man with a single leopard 's fang affixed to a string round his neck . 
 * * * track 2 : leon by the beard kane hailand awoke in a dream . 
 he was in heaven , zooming up a ladder of light , safe in the calm of a sonorous whistle more beautiful than beauty can fathom . 
 the whistle sang in a tone that supersedes hearing , bending the air like a slithering cobra to weave its path to kane 's chakra , absorbing him in the type of soul possession humanity has dreamt of since it was brewed up and bundled in flesh - utopia . 
 it was as though he were an everlasting particle among the kingdom , and it was the supreme honor to serve in a kingdom such as this , flying up the ladder of light in perfect unity with the other particles like cherubs dancing at a thousand feet per second . 
 in this land of sound , kane foresaw the prophecy that peace shall reign . 
 he experienced intensity unparalleled since the scoundrels last played from darkness in a vaudeville hall - but the birth in from darkness was lit to the sounds of hank 's piano and anika 's stunning vocal , while the whistle that was now glorifying kane never existed on the earth he once knew . 
 still , this whistle carried a strangely earthen quality , as if the sound that possessed kane was the music of the wind itself , spoken between the mountain and the land in timeless conversation . 
 kane awoke . 
 leon : you lucky it is summer . 
 if it is winter , you are dead . 
 kane squinted into the sun he so reviled . 
 the sun , the giver of soul , only reminded him of how dead he was . 
 his forehead burned under a wet cloth . 
 he had many questions , none of which he could formulate in his mind . 
 blinking into a clear blue sky , he recognized the distant rumbling of the river . 
 he turned his head to see a robed man atop an ample stone . 
 the man 's great beard was split vertically down the center , the two halves of beard looping under his arms to conjoin with the split braid in the back of his head - the general effect of his appearance was that his arms poked through two ropy coils of hair as a gymnast with his armpits in the rings . 
 leon achieved this strange design through advanced application of knot theory . 
 a younger kane hailand possessed the eminent ability to recognize virtue in any disguise - this was the ability that allowed him to tap into the genius of hank adaline . 
 inspecting leon 's split rings of beard , however , kane could n't recognize virtue . 
 kane 's only thought was that this strange alien who inhabited this patch of valley must be the ugliest man he had ever seen . 
 this is not to say that every man or woman is good-looking in comparison , but most people do their best with what faults they 've been stunted with - eight billion people self-sculpting into their subjective impressions of the universal ideal . 
 not leon - do n't you ever dare add leon to this mix . 
 leon , with his black-braided mane , most emphatically did not care to conform to anyone 's standards of sexiness . 
 but a man can not be told by his face - the only thing a face will tell is how the world will treat a man by such a face . 
 leon : jake . 
 jake hailand . 
 you survived the lightning . 
 leon lifted the wooden pail at his foot and moved toward kane . 
 his footsteps were silent in buckskin slippers . 
 he poured a tasteless liquid into kane 's mouth . 
 a trident of water spouted from the pail , tunneling into kane 's throat , leaking down both cheeks , extinguishing his foul breath . 
 the sensation was but a humble ode to the salvation kane expected would end the suffering of thirst , but then he transcended into the sneaking memory of the first drink leon had given - warm water streaming from the sky . 
 small details , such as how long he had been wherever he was or whatever his purpose in this perplexing palace may be , were trite mysteries to kane hailand . 
 the liquid , though tasteless , felt foreign , provoking his tongue to wag frantically and of its own accord like an alien in his mouth . 
 leon : jake hailand . 
 kane -lrb- disoriented , gasping -rrb- : deception ! 
 the words never escaped the silence of kane 's diaphragm . 
 he tried to lift his head , but fell back into dreaming . 
 again he awoke in heaven , under the caress of the otherworldly whistle and the rushing tide . 
 leon fed kane another sip . 
 kane tongued the water in a swishing circle to scrape the layers of dirt-thirst from the walls of his mouth like a miner in pursuit of ore . 
 leon : you are awake . 
 jake . 
 kane : how do you know that name ? 
 leon : i check passport . 
 you travel with not much . 
 this is good . 
 kane : that name - jake . 
 i do n't use it anymore . 
 leon : what you wish we call you ? 
 kane : call me kane - i do n't really know who i am . 
 leon : kane . 
 leon . 
 me too , i no use old name . 
 kane : you speak english . 
 leon : i can do more with the english than just speak . 
 in addition , i can write with the hand in the english , and i can have mistakes in the english - kane : i see . 
 leon : you see . 
 i study the english late in life - already i was man . 
 no boy . 
 so i am looking at it always as outsider . 
 i find curious the way certain phrases is said . 
 kane : how did i get here ? 
 leon : we find you by river . 
 pass out . 
 no dead . 
 close . 
 leon lifted the wet cloth from kane 's forehead and dunked it into the wooden pail of water . 
 kane relished in the chilled medicine of sweeping wind over the beads of moisture in his inked scabs . 
 leon lifted another pail and set it before kane . 
 leon : you is hungry . 
 eat . 
 the gleeful kane hailand nearly swooned when he saw the golden circle of dates inside the pail . 
 he scooped a handful of dates into his mouth and reveled in the fruity burst of magical marvelous juice , jaws too weak to chew . 
 leon gripped kane 's mouth . 
 leon : eat slow . 
 kane 's body seemed to him an alien vestibule , and he thought it remarkable that this body had always been with him . 
 it was then that he realized he had been laying in the comfort of a hand-woven quilt . 
 checking beneath the quilt , his legs appeared gigantic and his chest inflated automatically . 
 leon lifted a hallowed reed and put it to his lips . 
 he laid his hands firmly yet delicately , like a surgeon , over select holes in the body of the reed . 
 he pursed a firm puff of air , and the reed converted his breath into the same whistle of euphonic captivation that once awoke kane hailand from the dead . 
 kane : what is that ? 
 leon : this ? 
 this is ney . 
 kane : it 's the most beautiful thing i ever heard . 
 leon : oh , yes . 
 thank you . 
 it is nice . 
 you like music . 
 kane : i do n't know if like is the word i would use - it 's a complicated relationship . 
 leon : yes . 
 i tell you still i am outsider to the english . 
 my choice to word maybe not is so good . 
 kane felt his pockets for his infant portrait . 
 kane : where 's my picture ? 
 leon -lrb- holding the photo -rrb- : this ? 
 kane : gim me that . 
 kane attempted to lunge for the picture . 
 he did n't get far . 
 leon placed the photo atop kane 's blanketed chest . 
 kane heard footsteps , but he was too ill to turn his head . 
 the jagged stone that he was using as a pillow contained several distinct edges and stony spikes which knobbed their presence into the back of his neck . 
 he was grateful for the hospitality , yet slightly annoyed with leon for not having provided something fluffier than stone . 
 maybe kane was n't grateful . 
 he wrestled with the ground as he rested . 
 his sneakers and his undershirt lay on a rock beside him , dry in the scornful sun . 
 locations , dates , people , and events were all enigmatic to kane . 
 before he could ponder any further , two silhouettes obstructed his view of the infinite . 
 leon : kane , meet alma . 
 alma was quaint in the sunlight , carrying a wooden pail full of fruit . 
 a blossoming pink wildflower had been tucked behind her ear , and kane could make out the inevitable approach of winter-white in a faint streak through her chestnut hair . 
 she smiled , highlighting a penumbra of frida kahlo bristles above her lip that did n't serve to display feminine pride or even commentary on sexual subjection , but seemed rather to epitomize alma 's complete indifference to questions of societal standards , just as any being will be indifferent to questions beneath the pursuit of its ambition . 
 her brow sloped in a strong and shapely angle , and her dark eyebrows created an exquisite contrast to her light-brown hair . 
 she had large eyes , blue as sapphires , with long lashes that swept like the brush of a broom . 
 she was unkempt , yet beautiful and natural - a nordic nose and egyptian eyes , alma was a woman of the world . 
 her smile was oddly youthful , small and fleeting . 
 it was obvious to kane that she need not struggle to smile . 
 she wore the most uncomfortable sandals kane had ever seen , which caused her ankles and toes to swell . 
 her unconventional beauty had such a profound effect that it prompted even skeptical kane hailand to admit her immediately into his good favor . 
 a tall one-armed man stood behind alma . 
 he was black and beautiful - barefoot , shirtless and hairless , a large dead bird slung over his bare black shoulder . 
 the sun beat down upon his back and reflected off his dark skin . 
 kane considered that this man 's bare shoulder was hot enough to cook the bird he carried . 
 the man held a bale of wood in his one hand . 
 there was an ivory fang fixed to a string around his neck and an unseen dagger holstered at his waist . 
 most striking , however , was the fateful pair of eyes set in his skull , following kane to challenge him for all eternity . 
 hank 's eyes , always hank 's red eyes - hank 's red eyes in his phoenix-feathered mask , in the niqab at the airport , in the black man 's skull . 
 the man plopped the dead bird on the ground and walked over to a wooden wagon behind leon . 
 he stuck his bald head under a wooden barrel . 
 with his one hand , he twisted a valve to let a red liquid flow into his mouth . 
 alma -lrb- squinting , beautiful -rrb- : you look so much healthier with food inside you . 
 alma 's voice was striking in connection with all nature , as if all voices had descended from her one voice , the voice of all women - the voice of all . 
 kane : i really ca n't thank you enough . 
 you saved my life . 
 alma : nonsense . 
 we give everyone at least a chance . 
 it 's not much work for us to feed one more mouth , and it 's certainly worth the investment if you earn your anima . 
 kane -lrb- sitting up with a rush to his head -rrb- : anima ? 
 alma -lrb- nurturing kane -rrb- : get some rest while we prepare supper . 
 be sure not to eat any more . 
 your body is n't used to the food . 
 it 's a miracle you survived the lightning . 
 gathering his calm , kane fell back into sleep , dreaming of hank 's eyes in the skull of the one-armed man . 
 although leon could be a frustrating conversationalist , it was thankful that kane 's hosts knew english . 
 the stone beneath kane 's head , he realized in a dream , was not a stone , but a strange sort of guitar that he had never once beheld in his experience recording with the scoundrels . 
 kane awoke to alma 's gentle touch . 
 the sky was dotted with stars to the brink of whiteness . 
 alma 's drooping sleeve loomed just above his face , and he inhaled her flowery scent with delight . 
 a fire crackled somewhere near kane 's head , reminding him of hank adaline . 
 he shuddered - but even the devil 's fire was more tolerable than that maniacal sun . 
 alma -lrb- staring into the sky -rrb- : it 's beautiful , is n't it ? 
 untouched . 
 when i was a girl , i used to wish upon the stars . 
 i never knew what to wish for , so i just wished for more stars . 
 i stopped wishing when i came out here - in this land , wishes were already true . 
 kane : you 're very lucky . 
 alma : we all are . 
 most of us do n't know it yet . 
 i have only one wish left , and i know one day it will be granted . 
 kane shivered under his hand-made quilt , cold in the desert night , laying in fearful proximity to the fire . 
 no matter where she moved , kane watched alma out of the corner of his eye because there was something about her that demanded attention , the sort of unique quality that kane once attributed to anika in a song called the bride wore violet . 
 alma seemed to possess a willing openness . 
 this type of openness was one that kane himself had never felt secure enough to try . 
 he was accustomed to hiding behind the twisted lyrical ruse of every song he ever wrote . 
 alma : you must be freezing . 
 kane : it proves i 'm alive . 
 alma : i 'm weaving you a sweater , but i ran out of wool . 
 we 'll find a trader in a day or two . 
 the one-armed man approached , walking barefoot over the rocky earth . 
 kane used to try to walk barefoot . 
 he did this because he envied hank adaline , that barefoot pianist , but every time kane 's feet hit the sand of his beachside resort , he felt a rocky fire burn under the soles of his feet . 
 though the night was frivolous without a tree to warm , the one-armed man remained shirtless . 
 with leon 's aid , kane stood weakly , wrapped in his quilt . 
 he faced the man 's tantalizing red eyes . 
 the one-armed man struck kane with an awkward sense of self-conscious intimidation - international superstars do not often feel this sense of intimidation in personal encounters . 
 kane shivered under his hand-stitched blanket , suddenly more sensitive to the evening cold . 
 kane : i never caught your name . 
 the man did n't acknowledge kane 's introduction in the slightest . 
 alma : he does n't speak english , kane . 
 kane poked his right hand through his quilted cloak , offering a shake . 
 he immediately noted his error - the man would not return the handshake with the right hand he did n't have . 
 humiliated , kane revoked his hand and patted the man 's bare shoulder , feeling the heat of the man 's naked skin , reverting to his useless language in a panic . 
 kane -lrb- enunciating slowly -rrb- : i 'm kane . 
 it 's nice to meet you . 
 the man flashed his red eyes and hocked a fat wad of burning spit onto kane hailand 's tattooed forehead . 
 a fall of saliva streamed down the bridge of kane 's nose as the man turned away . 
 leon approached with the wet cloth and washed kane 's forehead as he spoke . 
 leon : he will be friend to you if you find anima only . 
 be kind . 
 respect . 
 i am sorry for spit , but really he is great man . 
 how you say - ah , jeen-i-oos ? 
 kane : genius ? 
 leon : yes , that is it . 
 alma -lrb- giggling as she lopped the head off a plucked bird -rrb- : cut it out , leon . 
 tell him the truth . 
 leon : i tell truth always , sweet alma . 
 alma : he 's faking it , kane . 
 leon speaks ten languages and he 's a wizard in every one of them . 
 he 's taught at the finest institutions in the middle east . 
 is n't that right ? 
 leon : of course , alma is aware of my personal policies regarding aforementioned institutions . 
 alma : tell kane what you wrote your dissertation on . 
 leon : the application of the space-time continuum as it pertains to the relation between travel and the supernatural in the corpus of shakespeare - it is entitled vagabonds allow glimpses into noumenal apparitions , which sounds pedantic until you notice the acronym . 
 kane imagined how leon 's face may appear under his ridiculous display of beard - the frog-like lower lip , the piercing black eyes , the archipelago of small moles leading to his outer canthus - the realization of leon 's identity shook kane like an uppercut . 
 kane : you 're baltasar kanaan ! 
 leon : i was . 
 kane : my song light shattered is about your essays on cosmology . 
 you changed my life . 
 leon : i 'll bet two scavenges that you never noticed the acronym . 
 kane : what ? 
 leon : vagabonds allow glimpses into noumenal apparitions . 
 kane : vagabonds allow glimpse - oh . 
 no , i did n't think to look for that . 
 leon : your mind is a more efficient explorer when it 's turned off . 
 when you 're not thinking , you 're capable of creation . 
 kane forgot this somewhere in his youth , when he created a universe to call his own , when he spent what seemed like an eternity without ever having a conscious thought because everything he did was seamless and flawless , when he was god . 
 baltasar kanaan was the hero of kane 's adolescence . 
 when kane hailand was a gifted orphan in the shelter , he studied every word his idol ever wrote . 
 it was impossible that this bearded goof , living with a one-armed black man and a beautiful woman in the middle eastern wilderness , a musical extraordinaire who responds to the name leon , was baltasar kanaan . 
 kane : how 'd you do it ? 
 leon : i assume your vague article it refers to my alleged suicide . 
 kane : there were pictures . 
 leon : they published pictures ? 
 they 're even viler than i imagined . 
 kane : how 'd you fake a gunshot in the mouth ? 
 leon : the truth is something you wo n't believe , and i refuse to lie . 
 kane : then tell me the truth . 
 leon : i cloned myself . 
 then i killed the clone . 
 i released periodic publications of verbose and convoluted essays regarding the intersection of the most notable achievers in art and science - shakespeare and einstein - to occupy the world while i conducted clone work in secret . 
 kane 's rapture was dashed by alma 's motherly summon . 
 alma : kane , come here . 
 let me teach you how to prep a kill . 
 kane turned to help alma . 
 astounded , he double-took to search for the face of baltasar kanaan beneath that silly beard . 
 leon : you 're an american ? 
 we hold these truths to be self-evident - it sounds good in theory , but you 've never actually practiced it . 
 kane slid his sneakers on and sat beside alma and her headless , exuviated bird . 
 she fingered the hole that was once the bird 's neck , swiveling her hand to produce the most unappetizing squeaks . 
 the bird reeked like the bowels of the sea . 
 light-headed , he felt that he might pass out . 
 his body tingled . 
 he thought it strange to watch the beautiful and seemingly innocent alma brutally mutilate the bird 's carcass - he had seen beautiful women do brutal things before . 
 alma : what i 'm doing with my finger is breaking the joints and freeing up space for the organs . 
 you 're gon na gut this poor fellow . 
 kane : i am ? 
 alma : you are . 
 okay , now we 're ready to draw the innards . 
 i 'm going to cut the vent , and when i do , use this spoon to gut him . 
 kane : i 'm not putting my hands in that thing . 
 alma : relax , kane . 
 now , one swift motion - like this . 
 alma scooped a violent spoon of air . 
 she cut the vent with a pair of sharpened sticks and passed a hand-carved spoon to kane . 
 he reached slowly toward the fourteen-pound hulk of steaming naked bird . 
 alma : quick . 
 like this . 
 kane : is it supposed to smell this bad ? 
 alma : that 's the odor of the sea . 
 this is a cormorant - they 're fish-eaters . 
 kane : why 'd you burn it already ? 
 alma : delousing . 
 disgusted , kane mimicked alma 's motion , drawing only a portion of the cormorant 's fetid innards . 
 he imagined he could feel the bird 's anatomy through his wooden spoon , nearly vomiting from the stench . 
 kane recalled when the scoundrels were approached to write a jingle for clownfinger 's sausage factory - hank adaline responded by revealing his own sausage in a series of lewd photographs . 
 if only hank could see the cormorant - burnt bloody , leaking entrails , and positively stinking - he 'd probably douse the bird with hot sauce and dive in , cracking jokes and cursing all the while . 
 it took kane several swipes before alma was satisfied that the bird was gutted . 
 alma : that was n't so bad , you big baby kane : did you just call me a big baby ? 
 alma : in ancient greece , children were considered youths until the age of thirty . 
 kane smiled , baffled at alma 's tough and intelligent beauty , still completely perplexed to find that baltasar kanaan had a pulse . 
 alma : go get some rest while i put this on the fire . 
 the cormorant 's fetor was even worse when it was cooking , and the stench kept kane awake . 
 overwhelmed , he lay with his head on the mysterious guitar . 
 nobody else would ever think to attribute the word guitar to this wooden contraption , but to kane hailand it was a guitar . 
 after using the guitar as a pillow , he felt a strange connection with the instrument . 
 he watched the clouds until he heard alma 's motherly whisper . 
 alma : it 's time for the rite . 
 alma , kane , and leon circled the fire . 
 leon called to a tent several yards off the river . 
 the tent was constructed from a shaved tree branch and a large hand-woven tarpaulin , wiggling in the nightland as the one-armed man emerged from the flap , barefoot and shirtless , a drum in his one hand . 
 his drum , a hollowed wooden hourglass , was capped with an animal skin at each end , woven together by a series of chords strung bottom-top-bottom-top over the hourglass body like prison bars . 
 approaching with a stern and confident gait , the leopard 's fang swayed like a pendulum from his neck . 
 he stopped before the fire , bathing in its heat . 
 leon -lrb- whispering to kane -rrb- : are you able to stand ? 
 kane stood opposite the one-armed man , amazed . 
 the man was smoking an herb that kane had never smelled before in all of his experience with substances . 
 to kane 's left stood leon , the ney to his lips . 
 alma graced kane 's right , a u-shaped harp at her breast . 
 the fire crackled in the center of their circle , the river ran behind the tent , and all was silent . 
 the one-armed man bowed before the moon . 
 when he spoke , it was as if he was speaking on the moon 's behalf . 
 the one-armed man spoke in a language unknown to kane . 
 the voice , when isolated from its owner , was impatiently fragmented - it was not the otherworldly and authoritative voice kane expected . 
 alma assisted the man in switching the drum from his left shoulder to his armless shoulder , fastening a wooden contraption around his stump as a primitive prosthetic , and then tying the prosthetic to the drum at his side to ensure that the hourglass body stay tucked beside him . 
 to complete the process , he stooped to grab the rope that was dangling from the drum . 
 he bit the end of the rope and began a slow tapping rhythm . 
 the man tapped his one hand against the goatskin drumhead , gradually increasing his pace . 
 his wrist did not move a lateral inch - it just swiveled quickly to alternate beats between his thumb and four fingers . 
 occasionally , he would toss his head back like a horse to yank the rope with his teeth . 
 examining the drum , kane saw that the rope in the man 's mouth was tied around the prison-bar strings that crossed the body of the drum . 
 by pulling this rope , he was tightening the drum-strings , changing its pitch , shaping its sound , its language . 
 rhythm is n't about letters or words , it 's about syllables - kane hailand remembered this long-forgotten axiom when listening to the black man 's drum . 
 leon joined with his ethereal ney , whistling and flirting with the drum of the stars , engaging curiously as two reflections about to realize they are one . 
 their song was simple , yet somehow more advanced than anything the scoundrels had ever composed in their musical experiments . 
 alma ran a dainty hand across the seven strings of her harp , sending a shiver down kane 's spine . 
 music was all that spoke . 
 the lyre , the ney , the talking drum - kane hailand had never heard any of these instruments before , but when enveloped in their simplistic beauty , he experienced the nirvana that once impelled him to pursue music . 
 when apparently their song had finished , the three musicians placed their instruments on the ground beside them . 
 they commenced to eat the day 's game and gatherings . 
 kane awoke from his trance . 
 no longer under the philter of their music , he became envious . 
 he recalled the first time he heard hank adaline play piano , fingers dancing with unmatched fury in the secret cell of the violet 9 , the two of them splendidly stoned out of their wits on an amalgam of hallucinogens . 
 it took hank adaline tripping into a psychedelic trance to muster the courage to expose his talent . 
 that was the first time kane witnessed genius . 
 tonight was the second . 
 rot in the hell that you yourself created , hank adaline . 
 the one-armed man took a large breath and stuck his one hand into the fire , seemingly unaffected by the heat as he pulled the roasting stench of bird into the star-filled night to serve his people . 
 alma : so , kane , we were wondering what it means . 
 kane : what ? 
 alma pointed to her forehead . 
 kane : is it okay if we do n't discuss it ? 
 leon : we have a bet going . 
 i think the artist messed up the fourth letter . 
 alma thinks it 's not supposed to be a letter , but a symbol . 
 leon pointed to the one-armed man , who was pulling meat from the cormorant by the fistful , serenely unaffected by the heat . 
 leon : he thinks you 're crazy . 
 he thinks you have no chance . 
 kane : i guess the tattoo is kind of what brought me here . 
 leon : everyone has a story . 
 alma stopped kane from lifting a pail of water to his lips . 
 alma : we have n't purified that water yet . 
 alma removed several heated stones from the fire and dropped them into the pail to boil the water . 
 kane : pardon me , but i 'm a little amazed by your music . 
 leon : you like music ? 
 he likes music , alma . 
 leon and alma shared a look . 
 the one-armed man ate the stinking cormorant in silence , not looking at them , chewing delicately because every bite is an exercise . 
 he placed great stock in his teeth , as all one-armed percussionists must . 
 kane deliberately avoided any glances in the man 's direction . 
 kane : does he really not know english , or are you fooling me again ? 
 alma : we leave all pranks to leon . 
 heart of the people is way too solemn a man to play tricks . 
 kane : what 's his name ? 
 leon : heart of the people . 
 flames crackled in the night . 
 heart of the people walked to the wagon and put his mouth under the wine-barrel . 
 leon bit a bird leg and passed it to kane . 
 the stench was unholy . 
 kane : thanks , but i 'm not hungry . 
 alma : in ancient sparta , men ate six times as much as their wives . 
 leon : you know , kane , heart of the people is originally from sudan . 
 he says cormorant is a delicacy in many northeast african tribes . 
 i understand your hesitance to try it , as i was hesitant myself , but my logic is that if human taste buds can develop such a delight for something that it becomes a delicacy in their corner of the world , it ca n't be so bad . 
 kane bit into the cormorant , masticating slowly , tonguing the chewy meat , trying not to smell as he tasted , which proved impossible because the taste was the same as the smell - torturous . 
 at that point , he would have gladly traded a genocide for a bacon cheeseburger . 
 he required a tremendous effort to refrain from making faces like a child . 
 starvation seemed the sweeter fate . 
 he passed the leg to alma . 
 leon : the comic bliss of watching you try to eat that bird makes it worth rescuing you . 
 kane : glad i can amuse you . 
 leon : i was not entirely truthful with you , kane - cormorant has never been considered a delicacy anywhere in the world . 
 the bird has actually earned a reputation for being notoriously foul tasting . 
 kane : i got that . 
 leon : heart of the people pulled that very trick on me many summers ago . 
 kane : so he has a sense of humor ? 
 leon : humor is innate . 
 everyone is born with humor . 
 unfortunately , humor can be abandoned . 
 when i was miserable , back in bonabal , i always wanted to be a comedian . 
 i was never very funny , but i noticed that people tend to reap joy in the misery of others . 
 our comedies are quite twisted when you think in this perspective - we laugh at the agonist 's anguish , and i am the most criminal perpetrator . 
 in his philosophical rebel days , kane hailand would have embarked on a long-winded diatribe about the role of humor as an aid to fill the void of insecurity . 
 as a truth-seeker , kane spent evenings fantasizing about dialectic with the man who sat before him . 
 a younger kane would never have seen leon as a hospitable host , but as an adversary in metaphysical warfare . 
 the poetic rebel kane would have presented an arsenal of counterpoints for every idea anyone could list to him , just to prove that there are no certainties , that his subjective experience is constitutionally valid . 
 then he 'd turn around to prove that his constitutionality is uncertain . 
 the philosophically-inclined kane would have scoured the world in search of the disguised man in front of him if he ever thought there was a possibility that baltasar kanaan was still alive and wandering , but the tattooed vagabond , the once-upon-a-time kane hailand , could barely stomach the consideration of his host 's simple thought . 
 leon : you were navigating at night . 
 kane : excuse me ? 
 leon : when you forfeited your body to the buzzards in acceptance of a strange and beautiful end in the river - you were navigating at night . 
 kane : well , yeah . 
 i was - leon : never navigate at night . 
 alma : you were mentioning before about what brought you out here , kane . 
 kane : his name is really heart of the people ? 
 alma : he does n't know we call him that . 
 kane : he 's an amazing percussionist . 
 leon : he 's an amazing man . 
 of course , he was a faster percussionist in his youth , known through all of africa as the quickest beat-man in sudan . 
 given his handicap , he 's no longer able to play so fast , but his playing has become more meaningful . 
 alma : kane - your story . 
 it 's important for us to understand what brought you here . 
 kane scooped a small handful of berries from the pail . 
 heart of the people devoured the cormorant , wrestling the meat into his mouth with his one arm . 
 in between savage bites , he sharpened his eyeteeth with his hardened fingernails and puffed at his herb-filled pipe . 
 kane : you 've been very helpful . 
 it 's only fair that i tell you where i came from . 
 leon : do n't do this for us . 
 do it for you . 
 kane : i 've always been fascinated with self-destruction . 
 i was a songwriter - a very famous one . 
 leon and alma shared a look . 
 heart of the people ravaged the cormorant , burping and spitting and picking his teeth between squishy chews on the cormorant meat . 
 the one-armed man 's squidgy chewing fueled kane 's nausea . 
 kane : i was one third of a trio called the scoundrels . 
 we broke up , and now i 'm here . 
 alma : kane . 
 kane : it was n't my decision to split . 
 we had such talent , we really did . 
 you know , i never meant to involve myself in music . 
 leon -lrb- picking bits of cormorant from his loopy beard , not really listening to kane -rrb- : your history is unreliable . 
 all history is but the crown achievement in literature . 
 alma : quit it , leon . 
 i 'm listening to kane . 
 kane : i wanted to be a poet . 
 i was both inspired and ashamed with the world . 
 just the sight of a woman walking in the street was enough to move me to tears . 
 if i saw a woman , any woman walking through the street , i wanted to sacrifice my soul to fulfill her every wish . 
 i fell in love with everyone i ever met . 
 and i really was a great poet . 
 i mean i could write . 
 when i was young , i believed in this concept , which i referred to as the divine beckon , meaning everyone was put here for a reason . 
 alma : sure . 
 leon : a touch clich , no ? 
 kane : i felt i was born to use my words , to create worlds that others could step into and enjoy . 
 to me , it was like playing god . 
 but when i looked at the world that i lived in , that very same world that inspired me to turn it into words , i knew no one would ever care to read my poetry . 
 shakespeare , milton , dante - they would n't stand a chance in today 's world . 
 their talent would remain undiscovered because no one would grant them the attention that their work demands . 
 the world of a poet is quickly diminishing . 
 the only modern-day poets who experience any professional fulfillment are those who play music , and i could n't play a note . 
 i could n't sing - my voice sounds funny . 
 alma : i do n't think your voice sounds funny . 
 leon : so you learned an instrument ? 
 kane : no . 
 this is my only sorrow . 
 i was too intimidated to learn an instrument , too scared of success . 
 failure , i could handle - people fail . 
 success has been the greatest fear i 've known . 
 alma and leon shared a look . 
 kane : then i met hank . 
 heart of the people flashed his red eyes , snapping his jaws at nobody to exercise his teeth . 
 he belched and continued eating , the foreground to a limitless starry sky . 
 kane : we shared an odd rivalry from the moment i met him , as if we 'd known each other all our lives . 
 we were staged to be showmen - not musical showmen . 
 i had n't ever heard him play the piano , but i knew there was something about him . 
 alma : what did you two do before music ? 
 leon : he means coitus . 
 kane : no . 
 not sex . 
 anika was the one who made it about sex . 
 leon : and how did you meet this sexy anika ? 
 alma : quit it , leon . 
 kane : there 's an era of my life that i ca n't discuss . 
 unfortunately , it 's the most exciting era of my life - the era in which i met the man who was to become hank adaline and the woman who would control my existence , and we performed our one perfect masterpiece . 
 alma : you 're among friends . 
 you can share . 
 kane : i 'd love to tell you . 
 but i took an oath of silence . 
 i 've never broken that oath . 
 if hank were here , he 'd tell you . 
 hank would tell you anything . 
 he 's no longer the person he was . 
 that kid was the shyest and most frightened kid i ever met . 
 alma : people change . 
 from the sound of it , you 've changed a great deal . 
 kane : i knew there was something about him , some morbid fear restraining him , but i could n't pinpoint it . 
 then i heard him play the piano . 
 and that was it . 
 i was damned . 
 hank was already damned . 
 anyone who possesses the diseased mind of a genius is eternally damned . 
 hank adaline damned my soul with his mad red piano . 
 and he was so coy about it , like he did n't even realize that he just altered the course of eternity with ten fingers and eighty-eight keys . 
 this was the first time he had ever played for anyone other than his parents - you have to understand that we 're talking about a genius that was petrified of his own gift . 
 this is a man who has since been hailed as the incarnate of beethoven , with a mad touch of charles manson , and he had gone eighteen years without ever revealing his talent to anyone . 
 perhaps you 've heard of us - how long have you been living out here ? 
 leon : i left in nineteen ninety-two . 
 alma : ninety-four for me . 
 kane : never mind . 
 leon : i assure you that heart of the people has never heard of you . 
 heart of the people sharpened his eyeteeth with long fingernails , his bare feet smelling of dust . 
 kane : hank was just what i needed for my poetry . 
 and he needed me too . 
 i knew it immediately . 
 he needed me to crack his shell , to outmatch his fears . 
 hank was a genius , but he was n't the intellect he thought he was . 
 he thought music was powerless . 
 he thought music was dead , that kids only listen to computers . 
 alma : computers make music ? 
 kane : that 's right . 
 leon : please , i ask you not to speak of current trends . 
 i do n't wish to know the happenings of the world that i absconded . 
 kane : but you play music - you have to be a little interested in the current state of music . 
 leon : i have many interests , and i do n't wish to hear of society 's use for any of them . 
 since you mention my passion for music , i must say that i never respected the music of the west . 
 you use too many theatrics in your performances . 
 it becomes something that 's no longer about music . 
 kane : you would n't like the scoundrels . 
 you especially would n't like me . 
 i was the master of theatrical performance , the jester - i made bowie look like a coma patient . 
 leon : what 's a bowie ? 
 alma : do n't mind leon . 
 please continue , kane . 
 kane : hank adaline hated the idea of computerized music . 
 he thought the world had devolved , that it was a terrible time for music , a terrible time for artists , for rebels . 
 i told him that time is what you make of it . 
 he had an affinity for breaking conventions in an original way , which was quickly becoming a difficult accomplishment in the industry . 
 but hank 's mad red piano revitalized rebellion . 
 leon : stop this . 
 i ask you not to speak of trends . 
 kane could n't stop . 
 he could n't help himself . 
 when kane spoke about the scoundrels he spewed all thoughts in verbal vomit , because these were the first ears he 'd found since he tattooed himself and disappeared , and because life had always been a conspiracy against kane - kane hailand meets his boyhood hero and all he could talk about are his own hang-ups . 
 kane : it was more of a rebirth than revitalization . 
 hank 's brand of music is unlike any that came before it - this is the important thing to know . 
 and there was a time when i was the only one who saw this in him . 
 so i told him what i believed to be lies to convince him to use his gift . 
 he needed someone to translate his genius , and i needed a sound to portray my words . 
 together , we would challenge the world . 
 but it did n't happen that way . 
 it could n't . 
 the scoundrels ' legacy is that we were the greatest tri-fold musical partnership the world had ever known , but what people fail to notice is that we never saw ourselves as partners . 
 we were the greatest of enemies , brilliant scoundrels who were stuffed into a trio together because we were the only ones who could compete with one another . 
 we were competitive in everything we did . 
 that 's what made us so great . 
 scoundrels was the only name that ever fit us all . 
 alma : so you wrote the lyrics , hank played the piano , and this anika - what did she do ? 
 kane : just as today 's poet will have difficulty reaching an audience without musicianship , so will a musician who ca n't sing . 
 hank and i began composing together . 
 i had written the verse to train of power , my first piece , my premature peak , my magnum opus - a 252 line poem -lrb- 2 +5 +2 -rrb- , 9 syllables per line , voiced by alternating narrators who jab in couplets . 
 hank composed an accompaniment during a productive four-day stretch . 
 he encapsulated my words in sound , that mad genius . 
 it was beyond any sort of reality . 
 i knew that we were on the verge of something that would snap history in two . 
 but it was n't complete , it needed something more . 
 hank told me he knew a singer . 
 he said it would be a problem to get her to work with us , but she had an unrealized potential that he was coaching without her knowledge . 
 hank adaline was always this way - it 's difficult to understand the enormity of his influence on you . 
 he said her voice could lure a man 's soul from whatever side of despair to the other side and back , a siren nymphet in the church choir . 
 he introduced her to me as his girlfriend . 
 she was wacky , she was eccentric , and he treated her awfully - and i was instantly in love . 
 she thought in 9 's , everything in 9 's . 
 if she sneezed once , eight more always followed . 
 she walked in 9 's , brushed her teeth in 9 's , breathed her violet smoke in 9 's - except when she was singing . 
 when we were on stage , she was free . 
 i ca n't imagine the mania she must 've endured offstage . 
 everything she saw was violet . 
 the whole world was one purple dungeon . 
 my love was demonized , she was a monster - anybody who tries to squander a gift like that voice is a monster . 
 but i loved her . 
 ash crackled in the fire as smoke rose into night . 
 alma : what do you mean by squandering her gift ? 
 kane : people traveled the world to hear her voice . 
 they offered her millions of dollars to hear their favorite songs sung from her magical throat . 
 i told you that my purpose in writing poetry was to turn the world into words . 
 anika changed that . 
 after meeting anika , the only reason i ever composed a word was to hear her sing . 
 she never wanted any of it . 
 i 've never seen her without a burning violet cigarette between in her lips . 
 she has cancer . 
 she 's dying . 
 and still she smokes . 
 alma : poor thing . 
 kane : she wanted it , begged for it . 
 she said she wanted to die in slow pain . 
 alma : my , that 's awful . 
 even with the prospect of death , you three could n't put your differences aside . 
 leon : three geniuses will never fit their egos in one room . 
 kane : we were n't three geniuses . 
 hank was the only genius . 
 anika was n't a genius in any sense . 
 she was just the greatest talent anyone had ever seen . 
 there were serious studies conducted in major universities testing whether her voice had healing qualities . 
 hank adaline is maddened in craft - he hears things that are n't entirely of this world and he translates them through a red piano . 
 they have a word for people like this - i seem to have lost it . 
 leon : clairaudient . 
 kane began a story that he had often rehearsed in his head , a monologue he once wrote in case he ever encountered an alien species , a fantasy that kane will readily admit to be both ridiculous and paranoid , but it became useful among his present company . 
 kane : the tragedy of hank 's genius is that he 's always in limbo between two worlds - the world of sound and our material world . 
 it 's difficult for the genius to know which world is real , and how to escape the one that is n't real . 
 the life of a genius is a pitiful existence . 
 not that i can attest . 
 i was never a genius - but i was a superior intellect as a young man . 
 i fooled hank into working with me by outsmarting him . 
 no , i have to call it what it was - it was deception . 
 i methodically devised an intellectual scheme just above hank 's intelligence level , and i did n't unveil my secret until we performed our first composition , our masterpiece - train of power . 
 i wish i could go into more detail , but this is the era of my life that is sworn secret - the formation of the scoundrels , the performance of train of power , the violet 9 . 
 i beat him in a game he did n't realize we were playing until he lost . 
 can you imagine the feeling - the bitterness of loss without the thrill of competition ? 
 pure loss . 
 leon : someone could be pulling the same trick on you as we speak , and you 'd have no idea . 
 kane : i do n't love anything enough to have a trick pulled on me . 
 leon : we 'll see . 
 kane breathed for effect , drinking in the stars . 
 kane : i deceived hank out of both fear and love . 
 i feared that he would leave me if i did n't do something irreversible , and i feared that his talent would go unseen without my love and guidance . 
 the reasons i chose to reveal my victory over him at the close of our one perfect performance were purely selfish . 
 hank and i led a society called the violet 9 - this is the society i have alleged my silence . 
 we did away with our society in that moment in which good and evil intersect on their perpendicular paths to the ultimate , the one true balance of all mankind manifested absolutely in the pure violet of a slender female singer - train of power . 
 the one piece i would choose to leave as my legacy is the one piece of mine the world has never seen . 
 alma : train of power . 
 could you recite it for us ? 
 kane : it 's gone . 
 the train has passed . 
 the verse i wrote only applied to the moment in which it was performed , and will never again hold true . 
 that 's why it was perfect . 
 we performed it just once - never even recorded it . 
 alma : surely you must have practiced before the performance ? 
 kane : hank adaline and anika handel do n't practice . 
 leon : you put your greatest work above public scrutiny . 
 bravo , kane . 
 kane : it was n't a conscious choice to forgo recording . 
 the piece really only worked as a live performance . 
 the finale was bold . 
 it was beyond criminal , not to be repeated . 
 i have blood on my hands . 
 leon : was it worth it ? 
 kane : no . 
 but if i could go back , i 'd do it again . 
 heart of the people burped his satisfaction . 
 kane watched the motion of the man 's stumpy arm , curiously eyeing the holstered blade at his hip . 
 alma : so what came after train of power ? 
 kane : how do you follow perfection ? 
 we were forever changed , new beings trying to cope with the madness . 
 we wrote three albums to coincide with our individual personas . 
 i invented the character of kane hailand in i am the jester , o yea , o yea , the story of a godlike jester who wears a hand-painted eye patch . 
 kane had complete control of light as well as the amazing ability to summon creatures of the wild . 
 red chaos was a particularly beautiful portrait of hank - the red devil running barefoot and cursing , sparking fire with his palms , wearing red in the dark just to fool you - another tale told by two conflicting narrators who were the closest of friends and the greatest of enemies . 
 and then anika 's anthem-vile violet inviolate violence , or v.v.i.v. , the tragic saga of three unrequited loves . 
 we became stars , international icons . 
 our live performances enlivened us with the ability to be the myth . 
 there was one thing the scoundrels ever agreed on - the superiority of a live show to a studio record . 
 the studio was where we gathered our thoughts , but the stage was where we explored . 
 art should not be silenced and stored on file to be played , paused , rewound - controlled . 
 art should be like a stench , inescapable in the air . 
 leon : precisely . 
 it 's not about preservation - it 's about exploration . 
 kane : for a while , you would 've thought we controlled the world . 
 and we would have , if we could ever control ourselves . 
 leon grunted his disagreement . 
 alma : unlike leon , i love a great performance - you know it was the greeks who invented theatre . 
 athenian actors would perform with gigantic two-sided masks . 
 to express a change in emotion or well-being , the actor would flip his mask . 
 the greeks did n't allow women to act . 
 they thought that women lack the capacity to convey emotion properly . 
 kane : the greeks never met anika . 
 alma : tell me , kane , if you loved her so much , why did n't you do anything about it ? 
 kane : she knew how i felt . 
 but she was so controlled by hank . 
 he treated her like trash and she knew it . 
 she stuck with him . 
 alma : why would n't she go with you if she recognized your love ? 
 kane : it 's hard to explain . 
 i do n't know if i 've stressed this enough - i feel like everything i 've ever done is a part of some greater competition with hank adaline . 
 everything . 
 even this , right now , talking to you , when he 's on the other side of the globe and we 'll probably never see each other again - i 'm still competing with him in my head . 
 the only reason he hung onto anika was because he knew i loved her . 
 this was his way of beating me , and i 'll never forgive him for it . 
 alma : i see why hank did n't leave anika , but why would n't she leave him if he treated her so horribly ? 
 kane : because he ruined her . 
 she was once perfect and pure , a virgin contralto in her church 's choir . 
 then he destroyed her . 
 and she continues to destroy herself . 
 i 've had a rough time lately . 
 there are things i 've forgotten . 
 i 'm somehow mentally incapacitated . 
 i recognize this . 
 there 's one conversation i can never forget . 
 after a particularly emotional concert in paris , she approached me backstage . 
 she said she knew that i could save her . 
 she said that 's what she was afraid of - being saved . 
 because then what ? 
 i save her and then what happens ? 
 she said she 'd never be able to return the favor . 
 i told her that the favor had already been returned , that i was the one who owed her , that i was meant to save her - the divine beckon . 
 she just puffed her violet smoke , kissed me the loneliest kiss , and turned away . 
 leon : what you 're not seeing , kane , is that you were thinking only of your own pain . 
 you never thought of her , of her pain . 
 alma : so you broke up the band ? 
 kane : no . 
 hank broke up the band . 
 he ditched his piano for a mad red turntable . 
 he spent his whole career disparaging electronic music , and then he adopted it . 
 the fans are n't approving . 
 he has a new fan base now - a younger crowd . 
 they call him the hottest dj to ever spin a record . 
 i do n't think they really understand his work . 
 from a lyricist 's perspective , he 's too consciously clever . 
 he curses too much . 
 there 's no message in his electronic music - there 's such a limited range of feeling . 
 he needs me to filter his genius , and the world needs him back on the piano . 
 alma : does n't hank notice the reaction against his new music ? 
 kane : i guess not . 
 i really ca n't say . 
 maybe he did n't want to split the money anymore - he was a thief . 
 alma : kane , you 're too young to be an old man . 
 to me , you look more like a sweet boy . 
 heart of the people spoke . 
 massaging his throat , leon noisily gathered his spit and hocked a fat wad into an empty wooden cup . 
 he passed the cup to alma , who followed suit . 
 alma passed the wooden cup to kane . 
 alma : spit . 
 kane obliged , unsure of what he was doing or why he was doing it . 
 he passed the cup to leon , who passed it to heart of the people . 
 with his one hand , heart of the people upturned the wooden cup and swished the saliva cocktail around his mouth as if rinsing with mouthwash . 
 leon explained to kane that the extra saliva cleans the mouth and deters tooth decay . 
 when he was finished , heart of the people spewed the amalgam of spit into the sand . 
 using his one hand as support , he stood from his stone throne . 
 he pointed his one index finger into the sky and tracked an invisible satellite to his right , mentally calculating the angles . 
 lowering his finger cautiously , so as to keep his invisible angle constant , he muttered something to leon , who quickly snagged three branches from the fire and placed them in arrow formation in line with heart of the people 's finger . 
 heart of the people lifted his drum and disappeared into his tent . 
 leon : he said we set forth at dawn . 
 there is another river about twenty kilometers northeast . 
 kane : why not stay here ? 
 leon : he spotted an incoming storm from the southeast earlier today . 
 kane : how does he know that ? 
 leon : as an american child would study history or mathematics , the children in his tribe studied scavenging and astrology . 
 be thankful that you 're healthy for our move tomorrow . 
 if you were still unconscious , there 's a chance we may not have been able to bring you with us . 
 not knowing about your musical background , we almost certainly would 've left you . 
 kane : i stood up at his wedding . 
 leon : what ? 
 alma : he 's talking about hank and anika . 
 leon : oh . 
 what did you do once you stood up ? 
 they shared a laugh , the first since kane began his story . 
 alma : do you think you can be happy here , kane ? 
 kane : i do n't know . 
 leon : do you know what happiness is ? 
 kane : i think so . 
 i imagine happiness to be like love - leon burst into laughter . 
 alma : you have a fascinating story , kane . 
 kane : the story of how i became lost in violent wilderness . 
 alma studied kane with a puzzled expression . 
 alma : wilderness is n't violent . 
 it 's a blank canvas . 
 kane : for some of us . 
 alma : what i 'm saying to you , kane , is that you could 've seen that wilderness as anything . 
 the land is whatever you want it to be . 
 you could 've said it was lovely , lonely , happy , sorrowful or amazing - but you saw it as violent , and that comes from a part of you that is very scared . 
 leon : there 's one more thing heart of the people wishes i tell you . 
 kane : what is it ? 
 leon : your anima . 
 kane : my anima ? 
 leon : yes . 
 but first i 'd like to tell you more of my story . 
 i understand you 're familiar with my past , but i want to clarify the story from my perspective , so that you do n't think of me as a copout . 
 kane : no , i - alma reached forth , placing two warm fingertips over kane 's lips . 
 alma : it 's important that we know each other 's stories , kane . 
 kane relaxed , and listened . 
 leon : my suicide , in many ways , was not faked . 
 when i chose to stage my own death , it was just that - my death . 
 i would never again live as baltasar kanaan . 
 you 're familiar with my familial ties to the bonabali aristocracy ? 
 kane : yes . 
 leon : my father was a member of the cabinet under the republic . 
 he was a strict parent , yet caring in odd ways . 
 i never experienced the paternal love that i read about in books , and yet i know he did love me . 
 he expressed this by grooming me to become the next leader of our country . 
 fathers have visions for their sons - you understand . 
 kane : i 'm an orphan . 
 i never met my parents . 
 leon : you 've had another pair of man and wife to deliver you anguish . 
 my first distinct memory was of walking through the streets of polabhid to my tutor 's home . 
 this was the first time i was permitted to walk without a guardian of any sort - i believe there was some emergency that occupied my father 's staff , but i was too young to understand at the time . 
 as with any child , i was accustomed to going places without questioning where i was being taken . 
 i never wondered where i was headed , never noticed the path i was taking to get where i was going . 
 walking through this wonderful city , alone for the very first time , i noticed things that i had always ignored under the guiding grip of my guardian 's hand . 
 there were so many people , and all of them seemed to know me . 
 they would wave their hands and call my name , offering me food . 
 could it have been that they had been waving all along - i 'll never know , but on that day i felt loved . 
 for the first time , my feet were led by my desire . 
 i walked past the fruit carts , weaving through the maze of the bazaar , waving , smelling the greens and the spices in their flour sacks , dazzled by the colorful fabrics and jewelry , the kettles , the aroma of hookah in every variety , the fruits and baking bread , the fish , ah yes , the coiled pastries , the dishware , and all the people breathing in the tunes of conversation . 
 i had never noticed any of this before , and it was all so marvelous . 
 at the time , i was about as tall as a grown man 's waist . 
 i recall thinking it strange how the people walked - not urgently , as my father 's men , but with a steady ease . 
 a generous fellow offered me a spinach fatayer . 
 he called me by name . 
 i can still see him in my mind . 
 he wore a thobe and a grey moustache . 
 his friend wore the strangest beard i had ever seen , much like the one i wear today . 
 i accepted the bread and thanked him kindly . 
 as i turned to continue my strange journey , my body stopped moving . 
 my heart jumped . 
 i forgot to breathe . 
 i nearly choked , dropping the half-eaten fatayer . 
 but my ears were too occupied to hear the mangy plop of pastry in the dirt . 
 i heard the voice of god . 
 the man with the strange beard tapped my shoulder and offered me a stick . 
 blow into it , he said . 
 i examined the instrument - a hallowed reed with seven holes . 
 he held the ney to my mouth and placed his fingers methodically over select holes . 
 to this day , i am amazed to think how strong he must have been - to hold those notes for someone else to play . 
 he tipped the ney closer to my body so that it was almost vertical against my chest . 
 i blew , but heard nothing . 
 the air that i blew was just wind . 
 relax your tongue , he said . 
 your tongue is a snake . 
 charm it . 
 i put the ney back into my lip and blew . 
 nothing . 
 blow like you would a candle , he said . 
 it must have taken me hundreds of tries to produce a sound . 
 but when i did , it was magical . 
 it was the first time i had taken something from inside my body and turned it into something beautiful to live in the outside world . 
 the bearded man with the magical instrument introduced himself as leon . 
 i had never heard this name before . 
 leon . 
 it sounded so strange and fun to a child 's ears . 
 alma : leon is greek for lion . 
 leon : he gave me his ney as a gift , and he told me to come back for lessons , free of charge . 
 i walked home , giddy as a puppy , dancing with my ney , blowing uselessly into its holes . 
 when i approached my father 's mansion , i registered the gravity of what i had done . 
 i ditched my tutor , avoided my studies - for music . 
 music , my father always said , was for the servant to play and for the gentleman to enjoy . 
 music served no purpose in politics . 
 kane : he 's never heard of the scoundrels - high society loved hank enough to overlook his open mockery of everything they did . 
 leon : with a name like the scoundrels i do n't imagine my father would approve . 
 understand also , kane , that i was raised under a muslim regime . 
 everyone i respected preached the scripture to me , and no matter how i tried to believe , i just could n't . 
 try to imagine the effect this can have on a child - i was always told that my independent beliefs were wrong . 
 kane leaned in , paying rapt attention . 
 leon : i hid leon 's ney in our backyard almond orchard . 
 beet-red , trying to hide my guilt , i entered the house . 
 i recall my father waiting at the door with a leather strap in hand . 
 he had spoken with the tutor , who messaged when i did n't show for my lesson . 
 i never saw leon again . 
 but i finally had motivation to complete my studies . 
 i developed a routine . 
 i 'd pack a bag with books , paper , pens , and various supplies , and embark for the almond orchard . 
 i was disciplined . 
 i did not touch the ney until my studies were complete . 
 this is how i trained myself to think quick enough to complete work on challenging theorems in a fraction of the time it took others to complete with less quality . 
 the more success i saw , the more freedom i was given . 
 i stomached all of it - the studies , the religion - because i had my ney , and that 's what mattered . 
 alma moved toward kane , leaning her head on his shoulder . 
 he felt her silk hair stream down his chest , the wildflower in her ear , blossoming in marvelous scent . 
 alma : this story becomes more wonderful every time you tell it , leon . 
 leon : as i was an only son , i was exempt from military service . 
 i grew older , and my accomplishments , as well as my recognition for these accomplishments , became greater . 
 aiming to appease my father , i began to publish papers . 
 these publications were held in great esteem by my country . 
 my father was proud . 
 when i graduated as valedictorian of the national university , he said one day you will lead bonabal to glory . 
 he then placed his hand on my head . 
 it was the first time he ever touched me . 
 kane : where was your mother ? 
 they never really write much about her . 
 leon : she saw enormous potential in me and she wanted me to do whatever i wished . 
 she never focused on my accomplishments , but my happiness . 
 what could she do ? 
 my father 's word was law . 
 with the publication of my dissertation , vagabonds allow glimpses into noumenal apparitions , or , as i call it , the orifice , i gained an international reputation . 
 the western world was impressed to read a distinguished work on shakespeare from an arab student . 
 kane : i remember . 
 i was a child at the time . 
 you formed my whole worldview . 
 leon : my next move was to design a theoretical device that would effectively record an individual 's thoughts . 
 the technology was not yet available , but the idea was that the atomic recorder could be injected into the nervous system and travel to the brain , guided by a computer to pick up neural signals in the frontal lobe . 
 upon publication of my design , high-ranking military officials approached me to design a camera disguised to imitate the exact appearance , texture , and motor capabilities of a housefly . 
 i told them it was impossible to imitate the motion of the wings , which was a lie - i thought the technology was too dangerous . 
 my father was disappointed . 
 he said i let the nation down . 
 kane : i 've heard fathers are often disappointed . 
 that 's why i never understood the desire for kids . 
 alma shuddered . 
 kane felt the vibrations of her shaking body , her head still resting comfortably on his shoulder . 
 leon : as i gained success in the eyes of the nation , my father began to share more of his government knowledge with me - to involve me in decisions , to teach me how to operate . 
 the more he told me , the more revolted i became . 
 my father wanted to go to war - he was planning a campaign that proposed the invasion of the talyun . 
 the talyun was a much-disputed region on the border between bonabal and natspatsu . 
 the territory lies on an elevated terrain , granting a keen military advantage to whoever controls the region . 
 the talyun was then controlled by natspatsuvian troops . 
 i do n't know who runs the talyun today , i do n't know if the talyun still exists - i do n't much care , as i have extricated myself from anything pertaining to the conflict . 
 kane : why did he want to go to war ? 
 leon : at the time , there was much talk in bonabal about privatization . 
 our country had nationalized most enterprises , and the influx of money was fortuitous for those involved in government . 
 if the government were to permit privatization , my father predicted that he would lose large portions of his income to free enterprise . 
 kane : how would a war with natspatsu solve a problem that existed within his own country ? 
 leon : the invasion of the talyun was not the beginning of his plans - it was the culmination . 
 first , he said , bonabal must become autarkic - meaning the nation would become completely self-sufficient , abolishing trade with foreign nations . 
 with autarky comes national pride . 
 independence breeds confidence , my father said . 
 when designed correctly , he believed this proposal would be unanimously supported in parliament - whether or not his predictions were fulfilled , i never discovered . 
 under his plans , the citizens would be forewarned of the plan for autarky . 
 they would be told that they were to temporarily go without certain luxuries as a sacrifice for their country - understand that my father used the arabic equivalent of the word luxury to describe necessities like food . 
 ultimately , my father believed , the citizens would support his cause , because to be truly autarkic , it was necessary for bonabal to withdraw its troops from sevonim for the first time in over fifteen years , a laudable political move . 
 my father planned to market his scheme as a doctrine for peace . 
 absorbing leon 's story , the baffled kane hailand forgot to breathe . 
 leon : bonabal , at least at that time , did not possess the internal resources to function self-sufficiently . 
 autarky would fail - only government officials would be privy to this part of the plan . 
 kane : so where does war come in ? 
 leon : in our failed economy , my father would support the proposition that bonabal invade the talyun to seek the advantage of natspatuvian resources . 
 the bonabali government would inoculate the citizens to believe that the invasion was an order from god to recapture land that was rightfully theirs , according to their own right to subsist . 
 war would ensue . 
 kane : how would this help your father ? 
 leon : the role of government only strengthens under wartime economy . 
 a rationing system would be implemented in order to invest more capital in the military . 
 with this increased control over the people , talks of privatization would be muddled under more pertinent issues . 
 a war , even one in which his country lost , would make my father richer . 
 a victory would make him a hero . 
 the way he saw it , he could n't lose . 
 kane : what did you say to this ? 
 leon : i voiced the opinion that i was against it . 
 from a practical standpoint , it was a poor international move . 
 engaging in war with natspatsu would 've cost us relations with the americans , which we held dearly . 
 more importantly , i did n't want men to die , on either side of the border , so that my father could get paid . 
 my father said this is how it is . 
 he said you have to look out for yourself or you 'll end up in the slums . 
 i said that although bonabal was n't powerful enough to save the world , we were strong enough to save ourselves and inspire others to do the same . 
 he said we need war , that war is a way out , a path to freedom . 
 i wanted no part of this . 
 i conducted my clone studies in secret while pretending to pursue theories on shakespeare , playing my ney all the while . 
 and then the world saw my gory suicide . 
 if you ca n't trust the man who begot you , whom can you trust ? 
 kane : that 's an incredible story . 
 leon : perhaps today my father usman kanaan is a king . 
 perhaps he is dead and forgotten . 
 i do n't wish to know . 
 kane faltered , unnerved to hear that leon really did n't know his father 's fate . 
 though he tried to focus on leon 's story , kane could n't help but wonder if he should tell leon what happened to his father . 
 leon : you have to understand that where i am from , family is holy . 
 to do what i did - even if i went back , they 'd consider me a dead man . 
 in fact , if they knew i was alive , there would be a price on my head . 
 i needed a disguise . 
 i figured who better to be than leon , the man who gave me the wonderful gift of the ney ? 
 kane -lrb- hesitant -rrb- : so how 'd you get here ? 
 leon : how i came to be a part of heart of the people 's family is a more important story . 
 by sharing this story , i 'm giving you an opportunity of the utmost importance . 
 kane : okay . 
 leon : opportunity is only an opportunity if you recognize it as opportunity - it is a power that can be abused . 
 kane : what opportunity is this ? 
 leon : your anima . 
 * * * track 3 : the tribe dances alma threw several more branches onto the fire . 
 reaching behind heart of the people 's vacant throne , she lifted the cooling pail of purified water and handed it to kane . 
 alma : be careful - it 's hot , but it 's safe . 
 kane thanked alma . 
 he sipped the steaming water , burning his lips and warming his chest . 
 his shadow danced in the fire . 
 leon : tell me , kane , in their stories of my suicide , did they mention that i had a ney in hand ? 
 alma : not so much water kane , we 're running low . 
 kane : i never heard of a ney until today . 
 leon : that was my father 's doing . 
 he bore the shame of my suicide , but he could n't stomach the shame of my passion . 
 kane gulped the water , trying to think of anything to sidestep the fate of usman kanaan . 
 kane : you knew that already . 
 leon : yes . 
 i did . 
 kane : where did you go when you left ? 
 leon : all facets of my escape were meticulously prefigured . 
 after killing my clone , i disguised myself to match the identity i fabricated . 
 though i aspired to be leon , it would be years before my beard could grow long enough to be knotted in such fantastic fashion - the disguise i used looked nothing like the man you see today . 
 kane : so where 'd you go ? 
 leon : in my readings , i encountered several articles about a sudanese rebel who was breeding a new religion through music . 
 it was said that he and his followers freed a throng of child slaves as they were trafficked between work camps . 
 legend said that this man nurtured and exalted the children , providing for their needs . 
 he taught that music is the sole deity , that everything is music . 
 music , my ney , had always been my only love - i was mortally ashamed of this . 
 my father 's attitude had convinced me that there was something wrong with my passion , that i was sick . 
 to hear of a man who shared my love , who worshipped music as i always had , was to learn that heaven existed . 
 understand also that sudan had recently fell victim to a military government - by inoculating the people with fresh ideas , this man was risking his life . 
 this man became the only being on the globe worthy of my travels . 
 he was known through all of africa as the fastest beat-man in sudan . 
 people spoke of his red flashing eyes . 
 he flashed his eyes to conceal his genius - no one could ever hope to understand him through his eyes . 
 he had no name . 
 he did n't believe in names - only sound . 
 a fall of alma 's brunette ringlets rolled gently down kane 's chest as she yawned , nestling into his shoulder . 
 leon : i met a driver at the airport in khartoum who claimed to possess a canvassed camp land cruiser and an intimate knowledge of the man i wished to see . 
 he required a trivial fee in exchange for knowledgeable inquiries regarding the famed percussionist . 
 this same driver would later hold a bayonet to my throat while robbing me of all belongings , leaving me stranded in the wild landscape . 
 kane : your driver robbed you ? 
 leon : he left me with nothing . 
 most descendants of wealth are ill-equipped to survive in nature , as they thrive only in a self-patterned environment - an environment in which the so-called wealthy have no control will expose their weakness for others to crush their souls . 
 leon paused . 
 alma burrowed into kane , who was taken with the prospect of a woman being so amorous - anika never laid her head on his shoulder . 
 leon continued , leaning forward . 
 leon : we are all one , kane . 
 we all have similar potential . 
 it is unholy money that muddles this notion . 
 i was interested in seeking a life in which money was completely absent . 
 in an environment free of money , i believed i could truly understand human nature . 
 kane : how has that worked out for you ? 
 leon : i 'm learning every day . 
 leon snuck a momentary glance toward heart of the people 's cloth tent . 
 leon : in preparation for my escape , i became a student of survival skills . 
 i realized that the circumstances of my flight created a framework in which any situation may possess me - it was imperative that i be primed for this inevitable anything . 
 i did n't panic when my driver robbed me . 
 instead , i scoured the land to craft myself a ney . 
 only with my ney was i complete - without it i was incapable . 
 kane : you made the ney from parts of nature ? 
 leon : it was a simple , yet tedious process . 
 the ney is really a precursor to your western flute . 
 to begin , i found cane - this step proved to be easy , as sudan had the third largest sugar industry in africa at the time . 
 with nothing on my person but the small knife that my thieving driver overlooked in his pat-down , i exhaustedly cut the cane at the appropriate length . 
 some say i should 've knifed the driver , as i am a lethal throw with a knife , but the truth is that i embraced the spontaneity . 
 kane : you 're a knife-thrower ? 
 leon : i was until i met heart of the people . 
 kane : why only until you met heart of the people ? 
 leon : because he taught me that violence is the weapon of the weak . 
 we do n't speak with knives - we speak with music . 
 kane : wait - they let you on a plane with a knife ? 
 leon : why should the airline know i had a knife ? 
 kane : the world has since become consumed by paranoia . 
 leon : while completing the ney , i spent several lunar cycles in the tent of a generous goatherd known only as tree . 
 i passed my time crafting seven holes in precise size , shape , and relative arrangement . 
 this proved especially difficult with only a small knife . 
 when alas i left tree 's home with my ney , my beard and hair were significantly longer . 
 looking into the waters of the nile , the reflected face could never be mistaken for baltasar kanaan . 
 kane : i 'll say . 
 leon : it 's rare that a wanderer finds plant-life in the desert , but i needed a dependable wood to carve the end-piece for my ney . 
 my kind host tree directed me toward a hashab . 
 he warned me not to eat its fruit - though it may be delicious , it may also be toxic . 
 this is an integral instruction , kane - do n't eat any fruits you 're unfamiliar with . 
 promise me . 
 kane : i promise . 
 leon : when i found the hashab , i crafted my endpiece . 
 memory as my only guide , i relied greatly on my hands to sense when the carving was complete , massaging every particle of the reed until it felt as perfect as leon 's ney . 
 kane : that 's incredible . 
 leon : as you know , all artists must eventually confront their dreaded end - she became perfect , my ney was complete . 
 i blew into the mouthpiece . 
 the note sang forever - i can still hear it today as the song of the land , the fruits of my love , a sweet soul-bred whistle calling for the man with the red flashing eyes . 
 this was the first time i touched freedom . 
 alma yawned again . 
 resting her head on kane 's shoulder , he could feel her yawn as if it was his own . 
 this strange feeling prompted him to share her yawn , inhaling her sweet flowery scent , comfortable out of contentedness rather than necessity . 
 leon : i traversed the sands . 
 the desert is the only land that allows a man to think clearly . 
 i took this lucidity for delusion , but delusion can expose phenomena unnoticed in sobriety - delusion allows access to parts of the soul that i otherwise would have never known existed . 
 when a man is alone with his self , he learns just how little he knows about his own lonely being . 
 kane : what did you eat while you were out there ? 
 leon : there were many nomads , people who wandered the land through their ancestry , and they always offered me a home . 
 they did n't have much , but they were good people , providing me with food , water , shelter , and always a clever hint about the man i sought . 
 and , as already mentioned , i was deadly with my knife . 
 alma lifted her head from kane 's shoulder , rubbing a hand over her stomach . 
 leon faltered , alarmed . 
 she assured him that she felt all right . 
 the fire flickered dimly . 
 leon : finally i found him . 
 i did n't know how much time had elapsed since my escape . 
 my beard , which had grown several inches , was my only measure of time - i had long since quit my tally of the sunrise , as time is useless in the desert . 
 though i had never visited heart of the people 's village , i recognized it immediately from the joyful rhapsodies that sang from the slopes . 
 his tribe lived in grass huts , built inside the earth . 
 the huts provided an efficient means of living in a land with no electricity - living in the earth provides natural light and moderate temperatures . 
 our days were cooled and our nights were warmed by mother soil . 
 the huts also served to shield us from dust and insects in the desert . 
 it was so beautiful , kane . 
 to walk the row of huts was to peruse a great museum of sound - every hut i passed emitted a new inspired treasure , unique yet equally as luring as the preceding gem of sound , urging me forth into this musical arcadia , thousands of unfamiliar instruments and buzzing insects all tuned to the beautiful channel of childlike chatter . 
 i could detect several dozen distinct languages within the village , many of which i could not comprehend . 
 heart of the people encouraged all to join his tribe , no matter their culture , no matter their language - music , he declaimed , shall unite us all . 
 kane : this is the guy who spit on my forehead ? 
 leon : certainly . 
 when i arrived in the village , a toothless child led me to my leader . 
 none of the tribesmen wore clothing . 
 i recall streamlines of smoky ambrosia leaking from the musical huts . 
 this delicious smoke , i later learned , was a perfume that the women bathed in each morning . 
 the toothless boy led me through the hall of musical smoke to see the face that i had only seen in dreams . 
 heart of the people sat calm in his great hut , beating his drum to the rhythm of life . 
 he balked when i approached , divining into my soul as if he had been awaiting my presence . 
 though we had never met , i believed that he knew everything about me . 
 leon paused . 
 kane waited for leon to continue , but leon seemed to have forgotten his role as raconteur , eyes closed and dreaming in the night . 
 alma : do you hear that ? 
 kane : what ? 
 leon : listen closely to the silence . 
 a wave of nothingness resonated through kane 's eardrum - so quiet , so beautiful , mesmerizing , overpowering , the great waves of silence grew to open the chambers of kane hailand 's mind as they had n't been opened in ages . 
 he leaned his head back and smiled . 
 leon : music , sound , is about silence - that 's the first thing he ever told me . 
 kane deconstructed the aphorism in his head . 
 leon : with so much hatred in the world , it 's easy for us to become confused - but there 's a feeling that you can only get from music . 
 it 's a feeling that everyone and everything has fallen into place as the universe has meant it . 
 that feeling is the dance of passionate reality - everything else is just discord . 
 passion , says heart of the people , is truth . 
 those who do not attain passion may be too frustrated to attain truth . 
 kane : i do n't follow . 
 leon : you will - when you find your anima . 
 kane : i still do n't understand what an anima is . 
 alma : be patient , kane . 
 leon : after encountering many unfamiliar languages , i was pleased to find that heart of the people spoke arabic - although his dialect was one i had never encountered . 
 kane : i know the feeling . 
 leon : this may be difficult for you to imagine , but he was a great orator . 
 those fortunate enough to hear him speak were forever changed by the experience . 
 what he said and how he said it did n't matter so much - he was always able to reach a certain hope inside of you that often goes untouched . 
 he uttered only truth on the most fundamental level , always ahead of his audience to blaze their path with spoken wisdom . 
 many people migrated from distant villages in hopes that he could heal their sick children with mystical love . 
 alma : tell kane about the code . 
 leon : he established a code for the tribe . 
 of course , much of this code has been abandoned since our days in sudan , but the instructions i am about to list are rules that we still follow . 
 most importantly , never travel by night . 
 ever . 
 only the beggars , the prideless , come out at night . 
 we do not beg . 
 beggars cling to the false hope that they will one day succeed in the governed society . 
 we have removed ourselves completely from this society , and therefore we will not beg them for alms that we do n't seek . 
 you understand ? 
 kane nodded . 
 leon : do not eat fruit you are not familiar with . 
 this is obvious . 
 kane nodded . 
 leon : we spend our days scavenging for supper . 
 when we travel as a trio , two of us scavenge while the third watches the camp . 
 you will figure into the rotation as heart of the people wishes . 
 kane nodded . 
 leon : we eat one meal a day . 
 kane : why just one ? 
 leon : because one is plenty . 
 why do things the way they 've always been done if they 've never been done correctly ? 
 kane nodded . 
 leon : even then , heart of the people was adamant that we do not hunt with weapons . 
 we scavenge - we do n't use weapons . 
 i 've abandoned throwing knives long ago . 
 the reason for this part of the code is in the balance of nature . 
 an animal will prey upon another animal because it is natural - it will kill its food using only the tools on its body or those offered by its natural habitat . 
 if you find an animal you wish to eat , you may kill it for food , but do not make weapons where they do n't exist in nature . 
 you may use only nature and your body . 
 kane : but he carries a knife . 
 leon : he does n't use it . 
 kane : then why - leon : no questions about that knife ! 
 kane gulped , startled by leon 's severity . 
 kane -lrb- a pause -rrb- : can i ask how you killed the cormorant ? 
 leon -lrb- laughing -rrb- : i 'm glad you awoke on a cormorant night . 
 leon made a throwing motion with his wrist , tossing a loop of beard like a lasso . 
 leon : he throws stones . 
 kane : he throws stones ? 
 alma : he can do with one hand what you ca n't do with two . 
 leon : as demonstrated with the cormorant , if you want to eat a kill , you do it naturally . 
 you can use fire , as fire may be found in nature , but you may not use unusual utensils to season or cook the meat in a specialized manner . 
 kane : he really throws stones ? 
 alma : he did n't always - only after he lost the arm . 
 alma blushed , embarrassed . 
 she excused herself from their discussion , presumably to use the fields . 
 leon : alma must feel at home with you - she 's usually very sensitive to matters that we do n't discuss . 
 kane nodded . 
 leon : heart of the people loved the land as he loved music . 
 he believed that the land was made of music - music was the only element . 
 this was the premiere principle behind the earthen huts . 
 he had very progressive ideas , but he did n't recognize how dangerous these ideas could be if they were mishandled or misunderstood . 
 kane : how so ? 
 leon : many members of the tribe , as with any sample of humanity , were n't intellectually capable of grasping his ideas as he meant them . 
 as you mentioned before , genius must be translated . 
 kane : what was the tribe called ? 
 leon : heart of the people does not believe in names , kane . 
 kane : so why does he call himself heart of the people ? 
 leon : he does n't know we call him that . 
 kane relaxed under the salted sky , trying to breathe it all in . 
 leon : this idea of the land bothered me for some time . 
 i felt that if the land was home to us all , if the land was as beautiful as music , then the land should n't treat people differently . 
 kane 's younger self would have pounced on this idea , paralyzing it with an almighty shock , relishing in the final gasps of breath before he killed it . 
 the tattooed , nomadic kane hailand could hardly comprehend . 
 kane : differently how ? 
 leon : south america is considered to be of lesser economic status than europe . 
 civilization did n't develop as rapidly in the southern hemisphere because the incas had difficulty with land - this is why we see the acacias built stepwise into the andes , as crops can only grow on flatland . 
 this land that you and i now occupy , on the other hand , was called the fertile crescent . 
 middle easterners developed their civilization several millennia before the incas , and the threads of their civilization were manifested in ancient greece . 
 europe had horses , south america had llamas - the rest , as they say , is history . 
 kane : okay . 
 leon : our tribe was composed of a vast variety of peoples from around the world , but all of these people had different histories , different ways of conceptualizing the world . 
 now is the time to rise , heart of the people said , when the people are looking for something new . 
 heart of the people was not interested in revolution in the sense of uprooting the government - he was interested in revolutionizing thought . 
 convincing people that they needed change was our greatest challenge , he said . 
 in his mind , his greatest challenge had already been conquered . 
 i ca n't blame him for his obstinacy - he once served a woman who required all heads to be delivered on a pike . 
 besides , i adored heart of the people . 
 even if a philosophy is blatantly erroneous , and his definitely was not , the ability to think for one 's self and escape the maxims one was preached as a child is a sign of greater thinking . 
 kane nodded , silently concerned with alma 's absence . 
 leon : we have always hoped for the day when we can put his teachings into practice . 
 as time progresses , our prospects grow dimmer . 
 you 've seen the leopard 's fang around his neck ? 
 kane : i was curious about that . 
 leon : he issued an assignment to the tribe - each member was to use music as a tool of giving . 
 we were to give a gift to a fellow tribesman , incorporating our music . 
 it was the most wonderful homework i was ever assigned , the type of assignment i would fantasize about as a boy in the almond tree . 
 i wandered into the desert land , playing my ney as i walked alone , at peace with all of nature . 
 i noticed a strange train of insects , scorpions , and snakes following me as some sort of animalian pied piper . 
 kane hailand , who once wore the multicolored jester 's hat , who once possessed a magic gift for song , had always considered himself to be a pied piper of sorts . 
 leon : these disease-ridden creatures were following fast , chasing the scent of my blood , and i was petrified . 
 i walked at an accelerated pace , my mouth always to the ney . 
 without my ney , i do n't know that i would have escaped the chase without suffering cardiac arrest . 
 a leopard sauntered forth as if from nowhere . 
 i clutched my ney tightly , sure that i was dead , a trail of miniature beasts behind me . 
 the leopard approached . 
 kane relaxed . 
 leon seemed to think that his story with the animals was extraordinary , but kane remained unimpressed . 
 somehow kane already knew how the story ended . 
 leon : the leopard was calm , not at all threatening , and i found comfort in its eyes , whistling my ney . 
 the leopard and i halted , separated by a pace at most , understanding through our eyes that we trusted each other . 
 and so i played my ney , knowing that my leopard would protect me from the vermin close behind . 
 the leopard yawned and rested in the sand at my feet , slumped in peaceful sleep in seconds . 
 the creatures behind had fallen asleep as well - i charmed them with my music . 
 i basked in the warmth of the greatest sensation a mortal man can be blessed with , elating through my ney . 
 though i had previously been awarded international prizes for my literary and scientific work , this was my introduction to pride - glory in the sandy jungle . 
 i was the hub among myriad creatures swaying in peaceful dreams to my ney . 
 this was my own gift to me , and i was determined to bring my gift to heart of the people as well . 
 prying the leopard 's sleeping jaws , i wrapped my beard around its fang using an advanced application of knot theory . 
 i pulled the fang with very little force , as my bearded knot was flawlessly tied . 
 the leopard never woke . 
 i returned home and presented the leopard 's fang to heart of the people . 
 he had given us strict instructions that he was to receive no gifts - the assignment was designed for the tribesmen to give to each other . 
 besides , heart of the people accepts no alms . 
 upon my presentation , his eyes flashed red . 
 he could n't resist the fang . 
 that fang remains the token of his greatest success , his tutelage of a man who stopped the world with music . 
 i suppose i have lived many lifetimes . 
 kane : as have i. leon : it 's strange - i 've since seen this same one-fanged leopard in the middle east . 
 it has acquired a limp . 
 this may sound psychotic , kane , but i think it may be following me with hungry revenge on its breath . 
 kane : the leopard is a noble creature - far nobler than man , who holds grudges . 
 an ibex approached , great horns coiled in arches behind its head . 
 the ibex hoofed forward , its white beard bobbing in the black night sand . 
 leon shooed the ibex . 
 caped in alma 's hand-woven quilt , kane rose from his rock and gestured toward the ibex . 
 kane -lrb- stroking the ibex between the horns -rrb- : do we have any water left ? 
 leon : you want to feed the animal ? 
 kane : he 's thirsty - he must 've been separated from his herd . 
 a herd of about fifteen ibexes scaled the hillside from the river , trotting toward the fire . 
 kane : i 'm sorry if they bother you . 
 animals have always liked me . 
 leon : my lord - you too ? 
 kane : i tried to tell you - it 's a power . 
 leon : how was i to believe that someone else could possess this strange attraction ? 
 kane kissed the ibexes on the head as they ambled past him in a concatenation of hooves . 
 leon froze in shock . 
 leon : i ca n't believe this . 
 they come to you without a ney . 
 kane 's scabbed forehead burned its regret-laden incense of anika 's ash - listening to leon 's story , he was able to forget the inherent sin of the scoundrels , and it was pleasant . 
 kane : do you ever get tired of moving ? 
 leon : i am a child of the earth , what else am i to do ? 
 kane : you 're a far cry from the kid who stashed a ney in the almond orchard . 
 leon : the early days in sudan were perhaps the greatest of my life . 
 i had my tutor , and he was happy , and everything was right . 
 kane : it does n't seem so bad out here now . 
 leon : no , i am very fortunate to be living as i am . 
 i am content with my current direction , and so i can not be remorseful of the past that led me here . 
 heart of the people can not say the same . 
 he 's not as he once was - something changed him , kane . 
 the arm , of course , but there 's more to it than that . 
 we , too , have done the unspeakable . 
 there 's blood on our hands . 
 i can say no more except for this - i live for day and dread the night , for every time i see that moon and smell its haunting glow , i know my slumbers will forever be intruded by the ghosts of past , fleeing from the stars to ensure that i may share their fate and never learn of peace . 
 kane : you do n't sleep ? 
 leon : i battle sleep until it inevitably dominates me - this way , when the sleep finally overcomes , it is a dreamless crash . 
 kane : why do n't you want to dream ? 
 leon : dreams give rise to the past in mutated forms . 
 certain events from my past , even when doctored to their most attractive form , are incomprehensibly sickening to me . 
 leon paused and drew a large breath of air . 
 he absent-mindedly twisted his large loops of beard between his weathered fingers , blinking hard to fight his past mistakes from leaking out his eyes . 
 leon : often times , when a man holds a position of power or influence , he forgets his responsibility to act on behalf of all those who place faith in him . 
 heart of the people forgot this just once . 
 leon paused , sipping water from the pail . 
 leon : a group of armed militiamen drove through our village , riding 4 x 4 vehicles equipped with machine guns . 
 they shot weapons at our children and our animals . 
 they set torches to our huts . 
 i watched all that i held sacred wither and die under flame , the crackling smoke barely audible under the shouts of soldiers strapped with copper-bullet belts . 
 i watched my brothers die in the rattle of gunfire . 
 the soldiers debased everything in their path , pillaging their way to heart of the people . 
 our leader rose from his throne , emerging from his earthen hut , bathed in dirt , eyes glaring red . 
 the army claimed to be sent by the ministry of defense . 
 they read a message from the minister - allegedly , our way of life defied the vision of the great prophet elijah mohammed . 
 heart of the people demanded that we had basic human rights . 
 the head cavalryman laughed . 
 he aimed his assault rifle at the spot between heart of the people 's red eyes . 
 i stood beside our tribesmen , rifles aimed at our chests . 
 we watched the military commander approach our leader . 
 heart of the people never flinched . 
 the commandant stopped when the tip of his rifle was nearly touching our percussionist 's skin . 
 but heart of the people was not frightened . 
 rights ? 
 the commandant said , the only right swine has is death . 
 he unfolded a spike bayonet from the barrel . 
 this , the commandant barked , is called a pig sticker , and i use it to stick swine . 
 we watched him lower the bayonet and stab heart of the people in the thigh . 
 kane : the government did this ? 
 leon : a government governs - there 's no stipulation in the definition that states a government must govern for the good . 
 kane : what did you do ? 
 leon : i prayed . 
 for the first time in my life , i really prayed . 
 as a child , my father would harangue me on the significance of prayer , but i only ever prayed to appease him - i never believed in the words i was reciting . 
 the day i pulled the leopard 's fang i felt the presence of god within me , and i knew that he would follow me . 
 i always thought heart of the people to be impenetrable . 
 to see his skin torn as mine could be torn , to see him bleed as i could bleed , annihilated all hope . 
 and so i prayed . 
 leon began sobbing . 
 kane : you do n't have to say it . 
 leon -lrb- wiping his sleeve over his eyes -rrb- : it 's important that you know . 
 when faced with the decision of death or imprisonment , death was the more considerate option . 
 i had read about their prisons - hundreds of men plucked from their families and stuffed into small cells with hundreds of others to inhale diseases and fight for food . 
 i opted for death . 
 heart of the people did n't opt for death - he opted to fight . 
 kane : did you have weapons ? 
 leon : we had heart of the people . 
 now , kane - you were struck by lightning and you survived . 
 i find it curious that you have the ability to control all light . 
 kane lowered his head , avoiding his own silhouette in the fire . 
 he was still unaccustomed to having a shadow - he felt strange , as if he was either following something or it was following him . 
 kane : not anymore . 
 leon : i once had a similar ability . 
 i intentionally suppressed this gift because i was afraid of what the bonabali government would coerce me into doing if they discovered my control over energy . 
 i do n't know if you noticed what heart of the people did during supper tonight , but he has a gift - he has complete control of fire . 
 kane : like hank - hank controls fire . 
 leon : heart of the people sparked fire to their vehicles . 
 it was like a great bomb had detonated under the feet of our enemies . 
 our leader imploded all but one militiaman . 
 with just one infantryman to challenge our whole tribe , the battle was over . 
 the fight was fast and it was bloody and the damaged pieces were irreparable , but it was over - the call to violence had wailed its cry . 
 leon broke , sobbing with his head in his hands . 
 he wished to tell the story beautifully , with elegance and woe as heart of the people used to tell it , but he could n't speak . 
 to speak the story was to revive it , and leon could n't bear the horror . 
 if he could have spoken , he would have infused the story with life . 
 the surviving members of our tribe circled the lone soldier . 
 my friends were bloody and wounded and grieving , surrounding the fallen enemy . 
 circled round this man , the only breathing remnant from the destruction that had killed our family , the destruction that had killed us all in many ways which we had yet to realize , looking at each other , with our captor now our victim , we felt nothing but uncertainty . 
 i spotted a crescent-shaped stone at my feet . 
 i stooped and lifted the stone . 
 my tribal brothers watched me , impatient to see what i would do next . 
 i hurled the stone at the enemy . 
 my brothers followed . 
 we threw stones - we threw stones for every injustice that we ever stomached , for every privilege that we never saw , for every unanswered frustration , for every right withheld , for every moment throughout history in which one man has been dominated by another , for the stone mountain of everlasting hatred , for every hut we lost , for every child we would never see grow old , for every wound , for every squandered hope , for every misspent promise , for every human storm , for every gun , for every round , for every bullet , for every pond of blood , for every bomb spraying shrapnel and raining liquid metal on our homes , for every stream of smoke in the wheezing sky that rocketed our babies ' ashes to the heavens , for every stone that could not be thrown , we regurgitated our stones to pile on the grey stony hatred while somewhere in the world people drummed their drums , plucked slave songs on their strings , blew their horns to pipe sodality , and rung their reeds to sing the song of brotherhood as we only could have done instead of staging this production of weak venomous hate , because elsewhere there were crows that cawed , snakes that hissed , and bugs that buzzed in a futile attempt to remind me that i could have played my ney to sing of peace , but i instead continued pelting stones with those i loved until the object of our hatred was buried and forgotten , disfigured in raw bruises , broken bones , and bloody hair , no longer human - we threw stones . 
 but leon could n't speak . 
 all leon could do was sob . 
 gaining composure , he skipped the story and went straight to the lesson that he learned . 
 leon : we were worse than them . 
 always , we lived with the harmonious mindset of we , but we were na ve in forgetting about them . 
 the concept of peace implodes when we are not one with them . 
 in peace , there is only a we . 
 we claimed to believe in music as a guiding force , and then we played the symphony of death . 
 violence is the weapon of the weak - there could be no more . 
 our tribesmen hung their heads and disbanded in a sorrowful exodus . 
 i watched my leader sulk in the opposite direction , wallowing away from the burning pits of his once-grand vision , having deserted his drum . 
 he was still a chieftain to me , and so i followed at a distance , communing with the shadows to conceal my presence , navigating at night . 
 the events of that night were as ungodly as what the day had brought , and i was coerced to emerge from the shadows to save his life . 
 kane : save his life from what ? 
 leon : that 's another story for another time . 
 we wandered the land together . 
 we were alive , but the dream was dead under a pile of rocks in the blood that stains a uniform . 
 music can no longer bring us simple joy - it 's even more powerful to us now than it was before . 
 we derive our simple joys from the land , as when i showed heart of the people his first sunflower . 
 we have vowed not to recruit anyone who fails to find his anima . 
 as you 've learned , an open recruit policy resulted in the worst hellfire of our lives . 
 you may join us on one condition - you must prove you know . 
 kane : what do i know ? 
 leon : as of now , you know nothing . 
 kane : what will i learn ? 
 leon : surely you have seen your guitar . 
 kane : my guitar ? 
 leon : yes . 
 it is yours . 
 he made it for you . 
 we only play hand-crafted instruments - this is in the code . 
 kane : i do n't know what to say - thank you so much . 
 leon : never thank us . 
 one day we may have to leave you behind . 
 you wo n't be so thankful if that happens . 
 kane hailand felt a windy sweep of change flutter through his being , and suddenly everything was strangely altered from the role it habited just moments ago . 
 maybe the change was in the black air of the night - maybe the change was in kane . 
 leon : you have until the winter solstice . 
 that only gives you half a year . 
 if you have n't gained complete mastery over your voice by this time , we must leave you with whatever knowledge you 've acquired . 
 heart of the people has crafted you a beautiful instrument . 
 kane , look at me . 
 kane examined leon 's eyes . 
 these two men sat alone in silent nature , trading stories from the archives of the human tragedy , occluded from prosperity by tales of past , getting by . 
 leon 's loopy beard danced as he spoke . 
 leon -lrb- pointing to the guitar -rrb- : you do n't learn on that . 
 leon manipulated his fingers like a spider weaving a web in the air . 
 leon : you learn on this . 
 you may attempt a note only when you are absolutely certain of your preparedness . 
 heart of the people will be displeased if he senses that you are tinkering prematurely . 
 tomorrow we set forth . 
 we must reach fresh water before the next lunar cycle . 
 there we can bathe . 
 this is how we migrate . 
 kane : what happened that night - when you saved his life . 
 it 's when he lost his arm . 
 leon -lrb- rising , moving toward the tent -rrb- : that 's enough for tonight . 
 you may use the guitar as a pillow . 
 try to get some sleep . 
 kane : i ca n't believe the man in the story is the same man i met tonight - he spit on my forehead . 
 leon turned from the fire and headed into the starlit valley . 
 kane : leon . 
 leon turned back to kane . 
 kane : what are my chances ? 
 leon : most people do n't even try - they simply thank us for our hospitality and go on their way . 
 what are your intentions ? 
 kane : i 'd like to learn from you . 
 leon : we 've had many neophytes . 
 alma is the only one who ever found her anima . 
 we met her in the early spring , which gave her about three months longer than the calendar available to you . 
 i 'll be honest with you , kane - there 's something about you that makes me believe . 
 i have hope that you can save us as we can save you . 
 kane : how long has alma been with you ? 
 leon : quite a while . 
 she remembers me before my leon beard - i imagine it 's been over a decade . 
 kane : i 'm not right in the head . 
 i fear i may be dangerous . 
 leon : you do n't mean that . 
 leon pointed to kane 's tattoo . 
 leon : as a linguist , i 'm sure you know the double-meaning of tattoo . 
 kane : i 'm afraid i 'm not much of a linguist anymore . 
 leon : a tattoo is a rapid , rhythmic drumming . 
 before departing , leon taught kane to brush his teeth with a rag , using a toothpaste heart of the people prepared from burnt egg shells , water , seaweed , almond oil acquired from a trader , salt , and the ashes of camel hooves . 
 after his lesson , leon walked away . 
 again he stopped , turning back to kane . 
 leon : say kane - can i ask you something ? 
 kane looked up . 
 leon : do you want hank to fail ? 
 kane sipped a moment 's worth of thought from the lukewarm pail . 
 kane : nothing would please me more . 
 leon : we were once a world of fools acting like men , but now we 're men who act like fools . 
 you and hank once shared the most beautiful experience in either of your lives , and still you quarrel . 
 i 've been to many places and i 've seen many sights , but i have never seen peace - may this be the greatest test of faith you ever know . 
 leon walked into the black night . 
 kane hailand laid his head on his gracious guitar and tucked himself beneath alma 's blanket in the frivolous valley night . 
 the guitar made a more comfortable pillow than he remembered . 
 he was familiar with the concept of sleeping on an instrument - hank adaline slept with his head on a plug-in piano for as long as kane had known him . 
 even the fans knew hank 's bed-ware flustered anika to the point that it was comical to everyone but kane . 
 now hank slept on a flat red turntable , the record clamp snugly in his earhole . 
 kane thought it strange that heart of the people should choose a guitar for him to play - kane had always felt an inclination toward the six-stringed wonder . 
 given heart of the people 's background , it was odd that he would even know what a guitar was - the fact that he knew how to build one from the parts of nature was even more bizarre . 
 leon filled the sky with the spritely tunes of his ney . 
 music , to kane hailand , was the essence of his war with hank . 
 music , life , was war . 
 for the first time , kane hailand fell asleep to gorgeous music , gazing into the speckled stars , wearing his sneakers and his undershirt under alma 's hand-sewn quilt , drifting into wonderful sleep as he listened to the lullabies of leon and alma - leon who played his ney at night because he was frightened of his ghost-laden dreams , and alma who was vomiting in the sand . 
 * * * track 4 : a melody for alma upon the wake of dawn , kane felt the bowels clench his insides . 
 in painful sickness , he called for leon , who had passed the sleepless night with his ney . 
 leon instructed kane to use the fields beyond heart of the people 's tent . 
 kane : what do you use for toilet paper ? 
 leon : walk it off - let it air-dry . 
 kane 's eyes grew large . 
 leon : you use what you can find - stones , leaves , grass . 
 heart of the people prefers corncobs , but he 'll never share his precious cobs with you . 
 kane took a circuitous route to the fields so as not to disturb the sleeping drummer with his footsteps . 
 upon heart of the people 's wake , the group traveled with the sun behind them . 
 heart of the people navigated , walking barefoot , beating his drum , the contraption on his stump communicating with the land . 
 leon tooted his ney while alma strummed her lyre . 
 they walked . 
 the naked earth , that sweet foundation of all life , spun with delight to sing its succor to their humble feet . 
 alma told kane that leon 's ney skills are superlative - he can play chromatically . 
 a chromatic musical scale , she explained , would include the notes of both the white keys and the black keys on a piano , whereas a diatonic scale consists of the notes from white keys only . 
 kane failed to understand the reference , as every key on hank adaline 's piano was red , but alma insisted that only the greatest ney players ever harnessed the ability to play chromatically . 
 leon could solo in semitones which alma 's lyre could never produce . 
 semitones , she explained , were the pitches that lie between the notes on a piano . 
 kane could achieve semitones on a guitar by bending the string up or down . 
 this concept was familiar to kane - years back , hank built a semitonal piano , as he believed eighty-eight keys to be limiting . 
 heart of the people assigned kane the responsibility of pulling the wagon . 
 the wagon , a robust box of four-wheeled wood containing supplies and provisions , weighed nearly five times kane hailand 's reduced body weight . 
 kane was forbidden from loading the wagon , but he watched with furtive acuity as leon and his leader piled pails of food , instruments , quilts , wood , stones , knives , reinforcement parts for instruments , a barrel of date wine , and a rolled tent into the rectangular space . 
 most fascinating , however , was their transportation of water - heart of the people utilized his absolute control of fire to produce a flame that flickered at subfreezing temperatures , solidifying pails of water into ice , thus facilitating transport . 
 the freezing flame , leon later explained , was impossible according to the laws of nature , in which cold flames are a rare phenomenon that burn at a minimum of 120 degrees celsius - heart of the people created his own laws . 
 kane pulled the wagon as he reveled in their canorous music . 
 he watched alma strum her lyre , constructed from a hallowed tortoise shell that served as a reverberating soundbox . 
 she used the horns of a great ram , bolted together at the tips with a wooden crossbar , to act as the lyre 's arms . 
 wood , she says , would allow for a better sound than the ram 's horn , but the ram 's horn is more consistent with what the ancient greeks played . 
 an animal skin was pulled tautly over the open side of the shell to fortify the sound , singing from a choir of seven juxtaposed strings running from the tail end of the shell to the crossbar . 
 the strings , alma says , were made from catgut - animal intestines drawn , cleaned , scraped , soaked , then burnt . 
 alma says the best strings come from goats and sheep , as they have leaner entrails . 
 her one hand silenced select strings while her other hand strummed a plectrum chipped from a swan 's skull across the open notes . 
 this music , only angels play . 
 though kane was still prohibited from plucking a guitar string , he was required to hold the guitar as he walked the wagon through dry rivers and cracked sand , simulating finger-patterns into the foreign fretboard , stumbling through the motions . 
 this exercise seemed pointless to kane - he considered it impossible to learn an instrument if he was forbidden from hearing its sound . 
 never to navigate at night , the vagabonds walked until the great sun descended . 
 the group stopped just three times , crushing ice fragments into water . 
 after their first stop , leon guided alma by the hand . 
 kane wondered curiously why alma should need leon 's guidance when she appeared to be so independent , but he asked this question to no one but himself . 
 sweating to the point of weakness , sucking thin breaths of the desert heat , veins pulsing rhythmically with the chugging tune of his heart as he pulled the wagon up the mountain until sundown , kane found no comfort under the sun . 
 he used to relate to the sun , he was the sun - kane hailand was once god . 
 hank adaline , the moon . 
 but even that moon , the mere suggestive hint of the sun 's reflection , aggravated kane 's sensitivity to the black desert air . 
 through the day 's walk , heart of the people and alma had only scavenged enough food for three . 
 heart of the people endured without . 
 kane offered to fast , though he was still quite ill from his misguided peregrination and his strenuous day of wagon-dragging . 
 leon refused to translate kane 's fasting offer to heart of the people , asserting that heart of the people would lash in anger at the request - the chieftain accepted no alms . 
 it was a leader 's duty to provide for his people , to exalt in their pleasures and to suffer in their stead . 
 heart of the people carried the sins of his men across the land , and for his people he will go hungry . 
 kane ate his meal in guilty discomfort as those flashing red eyes glared into him with tense fury . 
 kane awoke early next morning under alma 's hand-sewn quilt . 
 soreness plagued every muscle , filling him with dread for another day of pulling the wagon . 
 alma 's quilt was patterned with an array of patches , all solid-colored but one . 
 the lone patch that could boast of any design rested in the upper corner of the quilt , as if she began her blanket with a vast vision of sequence , but became quickly overwhelmed after just one design . 
 the patch depicted a woman cradling her newborn babe , over an epaulet that read you make me feel young again . 
 kane lifted his head from the guitar and examined the instrument , wondering how heart of the people could have made this exquisite jewel with only nature 's tools . 
 he practiced finger-patterns , driving the strings hard into the fretboard because when he pushed the strings harder he could hear the prenatal anticipation of a note . 
 you do n't learn with the guitar , you learn with the air that you breathe - what could leon have meant ? 
 the prospect of mastering this alien apparatus in the next four lunar cycles became at once impossible and terrifying . 
 kane had the fortune to spend years closely examining a master at work with his instrument . 
 every time hank adaline sat at a piano it was a merging of beings - it was n't the red piano singing , it was hank 's voice plugged through ten fingers . 
 kane hailand never had the capacity to forge a relationship like that with a lifeless piece of wood . 
 he had to try - he realized in the pith of his being that these three strange drifters were granting him an opportunity to do something he always felt capable of achieving , yet had always been too scared to attempt . 
 for too long , he had denied his self . 
 he could no longer bear the suspense - it was time to play , time to become . 
 kane wandered several hundred yards into the fields , until he was sure that no one would hear him . 
 he placed his index finger and his pinky over the first and third fret of the top string , and plucked with his thumb . 
 the note deepened when he lifted his pinky . 
 as he dragged his index finger closer to the body of the guitar , the instrument produced a higher note . 
 kane duplicated the process on the second string , estimating the notes on this string to be higher than those of the top string . 
 thus , kane hailand explored the guitar . 
 the fretboard is a world in which man 's finger can travel as man travels over his own world of land . 
 kane 's index finger jumped from fret to fret , string to string , driving into the violent wood with no destination , having no idea where it was or the name of the note it was producing , somehow always knowing what sound will come next . 
 he introduced his middle finger , playing multiple strings at once . 
 his playing would have sounded cacophonous to an outsider , but to kane hailand it was a celebrated concerto . 
 he lumbered on , picking with his thumb , eyes closed in a world of sound to block the sun he so reviled , playing and exploring , playing and exploring , until a hand palmed the crown of his head . 
 kane squinted to see beautiful alma in the sun . 
 kane : i - alma : i wo n't tell him , kane . 
 kane -lrb- bowing without knowing why -rrb- : thank you . 
 alma : come back . 
 he 'll be awake soon . 
 alma lifted her palm from the crown of kane 's head . 
 she turned back for the campsite . 
 there was an understanding with alma that kane had never felt with another human , the sort of reciprocation he always desired with anika . 
 suddenly , he ached for alma 's gentle palm to grace his head yet again , yearning for her sweet hand as if her palm atop his head would unlock a portal to light the world in everlasting harmony . 
 kane returned to camp just before heart of the people emerged from his tent to spew his foamy toothpaste into the sand and load the wagon . 
 sitting on a rock , guitar in lap , kane watched heart of the people move , barefoot in a musical silence , his stump-shoulder swaying to a beat in his head . 
 somehow the stump seemed preferable to an arm , as if it was only natural that the stump was cut short of the elbow , and even if there were a hand below it would be nothing but a bony growth . 
 heart of the people allowed only leon to handle his belongings . 
 why , if kane was to pull the wagon , was he not allowed to load it ? 
 and if alma had earned her anima , then why could n't she load the wagon ? 
 the one-armed percussionist kept a blade in a leather holster at his pantline , just below the stump . 
 kane knew , based on the items he witnessed loaded onto the wagon , that the man possessed a vast collection of wooden knives , yet this particular knife never left the holster . 
 this man was kane 's leader , his navigator and provider , who acknowledged kane 's existence just once to spit on his violet tattooed forehead . 
 the barefoot , one-armed , knife-toting preacher with a leopard 's fang necklace - heart of the people 's enigma was kane 's fiery intrigue . 
 leon approached , his two rings of braided beard dancing beneath his arms . 
 a momentary flare in leon 's brow unnerved kane to think that maybe leon knew of his dalliance with the guitar in the field , but this paranoia disappeared with a beam of leon 's friendly bearded smile . 
 leon : lead us away from here , wagon-boy . 
 kane rose and walked with leon toward the wagon . 
 the band journeyed on , passing through the dirt mountains under the tramontane sun in pursuit of a farmer 's tent . 
 kane asked leon how it could be that heart of the people knew his way to the farmer 's abode , navigating with no map or compass in this unmarked land . 
 the response he received was simple - the land needs no signs or language , the land has its own markings . 
 there is no language in nature . 
 there is only music . 
 heart of the people stopped the wagon just once along the way , listening to a birdsong as he drew one of his wooden knives from the bed of the wagon to pick the ice . 
 each of the journeyers were given a sizable chunk of ice to suck , which proved difficult for kane because he had to hold the icicle while pulling the wagon with a guitar strung over his shoulder . 
 always , there was that blade winking at heart of the people 's hip . 
 no longer able to bear the curiosity , kane caught up to leon . 
 kane -lrb- whispering -rrb- : why does he carry that knife ? 
 he never uses it . 
 leon -lrb- a crunch of ice behind his loopy beard -rrb- : you have secrets - so does he . 
 they reached the farmer 's tent by sundown . 
 leon stopped kane to show him a circled x carved into the farmer 's wooden camel pen . 
 this circled x , leon said , meant that the man who lived here would be kind to traveling strangers . 
 there are many signs of this sort , all of which would be beneficial for kane to know . 
 this sign was what originally led the group to moishe 's friendship years ago . 
 heart of the people greeted moishe with a one-armed embrace . 
 they shared voices , speaking what kane could only assume to be words . 
 kane was ordered to shut his eyes while the percussionist enacted his astounding creation of fire . 
 heart of the people uttered to leon , who translated to kane that he was to fetch two pails of ice from the wagon , as the shepherd 's camels were thirsty . 
 kane , who was nearing complete exhaustion from another day of dragging the wagon , dreaded this last little chore . 
 though he was weak , he lumbered back toward the wagon to transport the ice , feeling somehow valuable for the first time since the scoundrels disbanded . 
 the farmer 's tent was modest , cut in the sand - no walls , just a beige tarpaulin roof structured over several beams , secured by string in the sand . 
 the inside was decorated with cookware , a single kerosene lamp , and copious rugs that the farmer traded in a marketplace several miles beyond the dusthill terrain where a semblance of civilization allegedly flourished . 
 according to leon , moishe occupied the one fertile patch of land in the valley , and his family had lived on this plot for nearly seven hundred years . 
 many raiders have tried to farm this land , but moishe 's family secret has proven to be the only effective means of harvesting . 
 moishe had three wives - olsa , hilsa , and yelsa . 
 he produced one daughter with each wife - elsa , alsa , and hen , all three of whom had their fingertips dyed red with henna . 
 the three wives invited their guests inside , entreating the band to sit cross-legged on the rugs . 
 sheltered by the shield of tent against the moon and stars after one of the few days in his life in which he ever really committed to work , kane hailand was never more satisfied . 
 the farmer 's youngest daughter distributed a plate of beans and rice to kane , leon , and heart of the people . 
 alma 's plate contained no beans . 
 kane : why did n't you get beans ? 
 is it a gender thing ? 
 alma : i do n't eat beans , kane . 
 in ancient greece , it was thought that beans contain the souls of the dead . 
 leon -lrb- chewing his beans -rrb- : as you can see , i 've successfully brainwashed alma into thinking she 's in ancient greece . 
 alma : my advice to you , kane , is to believe the opposite of whatever leon says . 
 the shame of his brilliance is that everything he does is part of some ruse far greater than the rest of us are capable of conceiving . 
 leon : to you , it appears to be a shame - to the world it shall be a blessing . 
 leon raised his cup toward heart of the people . 
 he spoke in arabic . 
 heart of the people gave a solemn nod and downed his wine . 
 alma : the truth is , kane , i 've always been fascinated with ancient greek culture . 
 the farmer 's eldest daughter halved two apples and granted a half to each of the guests . 
 heart of the people handed his halved apple to alma , who took a knife to the skin . 
 kane : what are you doing ? 
 alma : paring the apple . 
 leon : how do you pear an apple ? 
 alma : he ca n't eat the skin - it 's bad for his teeth , bad for his playing . 
 alma passed the naked apple back to heart of the people , who devoured the pale fruit in several heartbeats . 
 moishe wore a headdress and a smile as he smoked a narrow pipe , lines cut into his face to form an aureole around his eyes , relaying an impression of permanent happiness . 
 his wives and daughters served dinner while he smiled and puffed hashish , speaking through browned teeth . 
 in some sick way , all of this made kane think of anika . 
 kane : what 's he smoking ? 
 leon : he knows only one phrase in english - watch this . 
 leon uttered to the farmer , who laughed in kane 's direction . 
 moishe : dis sum good sheet . 
 leon roared with laughter . 
 the farmer laughed back . 
 leon : have a puff , kane . 
 kane : i gave up substances a long time ago . 
 moishe passed his pipe to heart of the people , who toked deeply and puffed rings of smoke . 
 he passed to leon . 
 feeling high , leon passed the pipe to alma . 
 immediately , a white leap of shock jumped to the flesh above his beard . 
 leon : i 'm so sorry . 
 alma -lrb- blushing -rrb- : it 's okay . 
 do n't feel bad . 
 moishe unbolted a wooden chest and removed a thin stringed instrument . 
 an odd look , suggestive of a smile but not quite a smirk , overtook heart of the people 's stoned face , his red eyes flashing like lanterns . 
 leon : that instrument is called a rebab - this man plays the finest rebab in the middle east . 
 kane : you do n't say . 
 leon : kane , you 're a performer ? 
 kane : yes . 
 leon : our host loves to go to performances . 
 he watches performers build the suspense of their act and then he leaves just before the trick - that way every performance is the best he 's ever seen . 
 heart of the people bit into a fleshy mango , leaving a trail of taste down his tongue . 
 he rinsed his mouth of the mango 's sugar and spit into the sand . 
 then he took another hit from the pipe . 
 kane : if he 's supposed to be taking such good care of his teeth , why does he smoke ? 
 leon -lrb- ignoring kane -rrb- : you know , kane , my father would have scoffed at moishe . 
 our humble host is a being who has no goals , no drive , and no determination . 
 to him , stress is an unknown sickness . 
 nobody will remember his existence when he dies , a concept he is unconcerned with . 
 he does n't understand the concept of remembrance because he has never truly feared his own death - he 's one of the few men i 've met who has ever really known happiness . 
 leon retrieved his ney , alma her lyre , heart of the people his talking drum . 
 kane transcended in their unnamable harmony with a biting envy , hoping to one day join their likes . 
 when alas the band had ceased to play , heart of the people muttered to leon . 
 leon translated to kane , who was still too dazed from the music to completely register what leon was saying . 
 leon : tomorrow , kane , you are to scavenge with alma . 
 kane hailand slept in the desert to the sweet sounds of music , snoring in a tent atop the global antipode of hank adaline , who sat at a red piano in his red private jet , en route to the premiere of his solo world tour . 
 alma woke kane with a lean caress of moisturizer to his scabbed forehead . 
 ever annoyed with the dehydrated skin that plagues a nomad , alma brewed the moisturizer from a mix of water , olive oil , and beeswax that leon had bravely obtained without succumbing to a single sting . 
 all pain was freed from the cage of kane 's skull when alma placed her hand over his scars . 
 alma : i thought we 'd get an early start . 
 here 's your pail . 
 kane rose from alma 's quilted blanket . 
 alma : i sheared one of the sheep last night , so i 'll have enough wool to finish your sweater . 
 i 'm sorry it took so long - you must be freezing in that undershirt . 
 kane : you 've been very kind . 
 i just - i appreciate all you 've done for me . 
 alma blushed . 
 kane had seen that blush in anika years ago , before he ruined her - he always understood the blush to mean that there was romance and that it was precious , but a woman like alma who was seemingly so independent and motherly , so wise in her indeterminate age , could n't really be interested in a childish game like romance . 
 alma : let 's head east . 
 kane : why east ? 
 alma : we 'll follow the sun as it rises . 
 when at last the sun is overhead , we 'll turn back home and follow the sunset . 
 kane : let 's go west - escape the sun . 
 when the sun catches up , we 'll turn back and run the long way home . 
 alma smiled in agreement , hair flowing over slender shoulders , a blonde chrysanthemum in her ear . 
 kane lifted his empty pail and set forth , wearing beaten sneakers in the sand . 
 alma : do n't forget your guitar . 
 and grab a pail of ice - we 'll need it . 
 they walked west over the vast landscape , alone with the sun , uniquely empowered . 
 many words appeared in kane 's head , but he could n't combine a sentence that seemed worthy of alma . 
 there was a mutual respect between them that he felt should be recognized , but any recognition carried a risk that his perceived compulsions toward their connection might not exist outside of his mind . 
 kane : i mean it . 
 about the sweater . 
 i 'm really lucky to have found you guys . 
 alma : we 're lucky to have found you , kane . 
 it could 've been anybody lying by the river . 
 kane : you 're a great weaver . 
 alma : you have n't seen the sweater yet . 
 for all you know , it 's unsightly . 
 kane : the quilt - the one i 've been sleeping with . 
 it 's beautiful . 
 alma : oh , you 're exaggerating . 
 kane : i 'm serious . 
 that one patch , you make me feel young again , the mother and her baby - it 's very artistic . 
 alma : i did n't make that quilt . 
 my mum weaved it in the hospital , waiting to give birth to me . 
 kane : so that 's you and her in the quilt ? 
 alma : growing up , i always thought so . 
 the more i think about it , i feel like it 's supposed to be me on that patch - me with my baby . 
 alma rubbed a hand over her stomach as if a simple rub could impregnate her with her one unattained wish . 
 alma : that blanket is the only thing i have from her . 
 kane : you should n't have wasted it on me these last few nights . 
 alma : but you looked so cold . 
 kane : do you miss her ? 
 alma : who ? 
 kane : your mom . 
 alma : i never knew her . 
 she died shortly after i was born . 
 my first day of life was her last . 
 we shared nothing but mere minutes of our lives , and still the bond that we established breathes inside me and it guides me through my journey . 
 kane : that 's beautiful . 
 kane spotted greenery in the remote distance . 
 for once , the landscape did n't seem spoiled . 
 alma : do you ever feel that there are certain moments that live forever ? 
 kane : that 's kind of what i wrote about in train of power . 
 alma : in ancient sparta , the greatest honor a woman could earn was to die during childbirth . 
 only women who died during childbirth were given names on their headstones . 
 alma pointed left to a copse on the horizon . 
 alma : there 's a fig tree in the south . 
 the only trees kane saw did not appear to bear fruit . 
 regardless , he followed alma , as she was undoubtedly a more resourceful scavenger than he . 
 the particular tree she spotted was the lushest among those in its remote copse , bearing dewy bunches of fruit that sprouted between sponge-veined leaves - alma had a spectacular eye for the lushest trees , yet she seemed doubtful of her visual acumen when teaching kane how to pick fruit . 
 she instructed him to pick the figs that were golden yellow . 
 these were the ripest fruits . 
 kane picked the figs and dropped them in his pail as alma pretended to watch . 
 alma : i 'm going to make the most delicious jam from these figs . 
 drop some in my pail too , please . 
 kane : i was thinking we put a different fruit in yours - separate the fruits . 
 alma : we can never be certain that we 'll find another fruit - and i need to see to it he eats . 
 kane : what do you mean ? 
 alma : heart of the people wo n't eat any food that you 've gathered . 
 he 'll only eat what i 've collected . 
 kane : what 's wrong with my food ? 
 alma : nothing , kane , it 's just that he does n't consider you part of the family yet . 
 you know that . 
 he does n't take any alms . 
 kane : why 'd he send me to get food if he wo n't eat what i bring home ? 
 alma paused . 
 she held an open hand toward kane and swallowed hard . 
 kane : are you alright ? 
 alma -lrb- gathering herself -rrb- : you need to learn how to gather - so you do n't cheat death by a river again . 
 here , try the date . 
 alma fed a date to kane . 
 kane bit into the forever of the fruit and the sweet juice exploded in flavor that delights the sky . 
 it was then that kane realized that one could see more in a fruit than people have seen in whole lifetimes . 
 fruit is not fruit if it defies its nature , to have its every drop of juice adulated as the holy miracle of life . 
 hank adaline always said that the original sin was not the act of eating , but the nature of eating - sin is not sin if its nature is true . 
 kane and alma fled the sun as they foraged through limestone canyons . 
 the mountains were high and vast and plenty . 
 alma taught kane that the best method of preserving meat is to slice it thin and preserve it on a rack . 
 the meat dries , but it stays . 
 alma : did you know that if the earth 's entire existence were minified into a one-year span , people would have only existed for six minutes ? 
 kane : i had no idea . 
 alma : six minutes out a whole year - that 's how young we are . 
 the first homo sapien would be born on december 31st at 11:54 pm . 
 yet think about our impact on the world . 
 we 've sculpted nature to our liking - in six relative minutes . 
 kane : not this place - we have n't even touched this place . 
 alma : that 's why this place is the most wonderful . 
 this was the first time a woman had ever challenged kane intellectually . 
 anika , he always thought , had no intellectual pursuits . 
 he tried so many times to teach her , to lure her intrigue with everything from keats to nietzsche , but she always reverted back to sex . 
 the truth , however , is that kane had never given any woman a chance to challenge him intellectually . 
 he never tolerated a challenge from anyone except hank adaline . 
 kane hailand was always the guide in conversation - the ideas of others were simply unimportant . 
 for the first time , kane was listening to what others had to offer . 
 it was as though the act of opening his forehead allowed all acquired knowledge to seep out , and the only way to acquire new wisdom was to listen for it . 
 yet no matter what he learned , he was plagued with thoughts of anika . 
 kane : you still have n't told me about what brought you out here . 
 alma : you still have n't asked . 
 kane : will you tell me your story ? 
 alma : my mum named me alma , a variation of gaia , the great mother of all gods in ancient greek mythology . 
 my father did n't agree with this name - he wanted a name from the bible . 
 he was a very pious man . 
 alma stopped walking . 
 she took a moment to breathe the pleasant hum of the still outdoors , gauging her location based on sound because her sight was failing her . 
 alma : she died just minutes after i was born . 
 i 've been told that she tucked me in my quilt at her breast , and whispered you make me feel young again , alma . 
 these were her last words before she died with her baby in her arms and a smile on her face , the only interaction we shared . 
 my father was overwhelmed - he turned to the church , the same place he had always turned to , and still he found no answers . 
 he never thought to look anywhere else . 
 kane : you 've found your answers here . 
 alma : i do n't have a fantastic tale like leon . 
 or even you , kane - your story is wonderful . 
 i was raised in west yorkshire . 
 i was never given many choices . 
 my dad was afraid to lose me like he lost my mum . 
 he would n't let me do anything that might be dangerous . 
 i was forced into religion , discouraged from the things i liked to do . 
 when i grew up , my dad sent me to university so i could study law . 
 i changed my path of study to history and never told him . 
 i read law books in my spare time so that i could keep the lie going when he telephoned . 
 he never learned the truth until graduation . 
 kane : wow . 
 alma : he was furious , as you can imagine . 
 he said i could n't make money with a history degree . 
 i told him i was n't concerned with money . 
 he just called me naive . 
 i think this story is quite typical , kane . 
 kane : keep going . 
 alma : he said the next thing i had to do was to find a man to marry . 
 i needed a man if i was to live independently - those were his words , all of them senseless . 
 he lectured me endlessly on choosing a husband . 
 of course , i was young and angry , and i ignored almost everything he said - but there was one statement i recall quite clearly . 
 choosing a mate is the most important decision one can make , he told me . 
 he said that i was lucky to live in a time and a place when a mate can be chosen instead of assigned . 
 he said that his decision to marry my mum , the most important decision of his life , was also his best . 
 that amazed me . 
 kane : yes , it 's amazing . 
 alma : but it led me to another thought . 
 i am bred with the choice of whom i wish to marry - i can opt not to marry at all , if i so desire . 
 the choice to marry a land , however , is concealed . 
 when you choose a neighborhood as a home , it is a settlement , a marriage . 
 why confine myself to just one neighborhood - why marry just one land if i wish to marry them all ? 
 kane : let me think about this . 
 alma : unlike the decision to marry a man , the decision of whether or not to marry a land is hidden from us , kane . 
 they do n't want us to know the choice exists because if too many people chose the single life , as we have , then society would crumble . 
 kane : how so ? 
 alma : it 's the same with genetics - if we do n't reproduce , as traditional marriage implies , we collapse as a species . 
 kane : right . 
 alma : if no one were to commit to a town , the work needed to keep that town afloat would go unfulfilled . 
 a society is a machine that functions on its workers - without workers , society would collapse . 
 kane : i see . 
 alma : i found the choice and i made it . 
 i told my dad that i 'm not his baby alone - i am a child of this earth . 
 i could n't live with the knowledge that i may die without having seen what this good earth has to offer . 
 kane : what 'd he say ? 
 alma : nothing . 
 he prayed to mum . 
 then he helped me pack . 
 he understood . 
 the last thing he ever said to me was that she would be proud . 
 i traveled all of europe , then all of asia . 
 after years of travel , i decided to head back home to england . 
 when i was nearly halfway back , i met heart of the people . 
 he was assisting his friend mountain song at a local market . 
 they were selling grains , but i was fixated on the strange instrument that lay upon the sack of birdseed . 
 i asked him how much for harp . 
 they did n't understand . 
 luckily , leon overheard , and he interpreted for me . 
 they said the lyre was mine for free , provided i dine at their house . 
 i 've been with them since . 
 kane : i think your story is beautiful . 
 alma : throughout history , wise men have devoted their lives to asceticism . 
 to shed all material desires , they detached from their physical selves and merged with god in nature . 
 i 'm not out here trying to touch some higher calling - it 's just the only place i ever felt home . 
 kane -lrb- pointing into the horizon -rrb- : can we pick from that tree ? 
 alma squinted , swiveling her head as if to follow a tennis match . 
 kane watched this odd cranial motion with amused discomfort as he waited for a response that never came . 
 alma adjusted her sandals , which were digging blisters into her ankles , and slid her hand into his palm , nudging against his body , her delicate fingers falling softly in his calloused hands . 
 kane understood that he was to guide her by the hand as he had seen leon do . 
 there was something about the way she offered her hand - soft , petite , and undeniably feminine in his massive palm - that assured kane she did not offer her hand to leon in this manner . 
 these thoughts distracted kane from questioning why it was that alma would need to be guided by the hand . 
 the pair approached the thicket of trees . 
 without investigating the nature of the tree , alma suggested they take a break under the shade . 
 she removed her wooden sandals and lay perfectly cocooned inside a groove in the tree-trunk , her flowery scent rising with a faint touch of sycamore bark . 
 her poor vision made her dizzy . 
 kane sat atop his guitar . 
 he lifted the pail of ice in his lap , finding a thin film of water melted over the ice . 
 kane : there 's some water on the top . 
 have some . 
 alma thanked him and sipped the water . 
 she drew a sharpened stick from her satchel and handed it to kane to chisel the ice . 
 alma held a chunk of ice to the blisters at her ankle . 
 kane : why do n't you wear shoes that are more comfortable ? 
 alma : i like the way these look . 
 kane : no one 's here to see you . 
 alma : you can see me . 
 but enough about me . 
 i wan na hear your song train of power . 
 kane froze . 
 he came to with his hand unconsciously protecting the photo in his pocket . 
 alma : you still have n't come to peace with that song . 
 kane : it 's that obvious ? 
 alma : let me ask you something - did you know what you were doing when you performed that piece ? 
 kane : i had absolute control of every moment . 
 alma : what about when you made your other music ? 
 kane : i never recaptured the feeling . 
 alma : yet the world loved your other music . 
 the music you made when you were n't so sure of yourself was your most successful music . 
 kane : commercially . 
 alma : i know the feeling you had on train of power . 
 we enjoy this feeling every night because we know the exact purpose of our music . 
 this is something the world would n't appreciate . 
 kane : why do you think ? 
 alma : people do n't want art anymore - they want entertainment . 
 they want to see a crash of the worst possible sort . 
 kane : my whole life has been a crash . 
 as a kid , the young kane was carted about from professor to professor in an effort to tame and quantify his intellect . 
 mrs. whilms , the orphanage administrator , was a great supporter of the young man 's achievements . 
 it was with her help that kane -lrb- or jake , as he was called -rrb- received a full-ride scholarship to uncle dross university where he met hank adaline and they formed the violet 9 . 
 now kane was living among nomads with a tattoo on his forehead - if hank adaline ever learned what had become of kane , he 'd laugh so hard he 'd shit . 
 kane -lrb- offering a fistful of ice chips to alma -rrb- : so , you 're really into this greek stuff . 
 alma -lrb- through crunches of ice -rrb- : my mum was greek . 
 but it 's more than that - they formed our modern world . 
 the greeks were the pioneers who established the way we think . 
 kane : yes , but there were prior civilizations that influenced the greeks . 
 alma : several civilizations far more ancient made tremendous progress , but the greeks gave birth to genius . 
 it was the high point of civilization . 
 i think the world is still chasing something that we lost in their decline . 
 kane : what are we chasing ? 
 alma : our primal source , our beginning . 
 society wants to outdo its predecessors like we want to outdo our parents . 
 kane : do you think it will happen ? 
 alma : i think either it will happen or all of humankind will fade . 
 kane : i used to be smart like you . 
 alma -lrb- brushing her hair behind the flower in her ear -rrb- : it made me wonder - if men ignored all subsequent work since the greeks , since their birth , they could essentially direct their lives in any direction , without the influence of culture . 
 this is what we do with our music - we invent ourselves from the moment of creation . 
 kane sucked at a chunk of ice , alone in the world with this enchantress whose every utterance cleared away bits of the manic psychosis that brought him into her care . 
 she was intelligent , with a vital sense of music that encompassed the complete emotional spectrum and perhaps some of the supernatural as well . 
 and she was beautiful . 
 her beauty was not immediately apparent to kane - it appeared in a progressive uncovering as he became gradually reacquainted with virtue . 
 her radiant smile , the flower in her hair , her striking dark eyebrows , sweet sapphire eyes , and even the thin penumbra of bristles over her lip - alma wore white , as anika never would . 
 melodious lyrics materialized in the songwriter 's head - wasting lazy time in the shade , where truth is not told it is made . 
 every moment under the tree was a blessing of being , laughing with a woman for once in his life . 
 kane : there 's a song of mine i think you 'd like . 
 i wrote it for anika , called helen of troy . 
 alma : i wish you 'd sing it for me . 
 kane : no one can sing an anika vocal without shaming it - especially me . 
 i ca n't sing . 
 alma : recite it . 
 kane : not many people ever appreciated the song - i guess the face that launched a thousand ships is no longer hip . 
 alma : i 've been away a long time , but it does n't shock me to hear that all the kids are n't raving over helen of troy . 
 kane : you do n't speak of rome the way you speak of greece . 
 alma : please ! 
 rome was a cultural parasite to greece . 
 they did n't have nearly the impact on art . 
 and their music was awful . 
 kane : greek women were n't treated very kindly - they were considered inferior . 
 alma : now you can begin to understand me . 
 alma 's smile faded into a look of meek sincerity , which she wiped away with a giggle . 
 leaning forward from her nook in the tree , she reached for kane 's hand . 
 alma : come , we have a lot more scavenging to do . 
 kane : what about this tree ? 
 kane placed a bunch of berries into alma 's palm . 
 she held them at a strange angle to the left of her eye and wafted them under her nose before tossing them to the ground . 
 watching this strange act , it occurred to kane for the first time that alma 's vision might be stunted . 
 she said nothing . 
 he mimicked her silence . 
 kane : poison ? 
 alma : maybe . 
 i 'm not sure what fruit this is . 
 never eat what you 're unsure of . 
 the guitar strung over kane 's shoulder , two pails in his left hand and alma in his right , they stepped into the sunlight . 
 alma : you have such large hands . 
 kane : you should see hank 's hands . 
 his hands are like an alien 's . 
 he always said if his hands were any larger , he could explode the world with sound . 
 i believe it . 
 i wish i could explain what a gift he had . 
 he just stopped playing piano - to dj . 
 he used to get so angry at the popularity of electronic music that he 'd drug himself into oblivion . 
 then he ditched the world 's greatest piano chops to dj . 
 to give up a gift like the gift hank has with that piano is a crime against god . 
 alma : people dream of fame and fortune , but look how unhappy it 's made you . 
 kane : i 'm not as unhappy as you think . 
 alma : i fear that you 're worse . 
 i see it in your face . 
 kane : that 's not true . 
 alma : yes it is . 
 i 've been there . 
 i grew numb . 
 before i left , i would chase the most spectacular experiences - i travelled to see the country 's most beautiful museums , buildings , landmarks , even people . 
 there was a painting i used to love - picasso 's three musicians . 
 after a while , even something like picasso became routine . 
 i lost that feeling of miracle , that feeling of - feeling . 
 you were a celebrity - people thought you were perfect . 
 you felt you never lived up to expectations . 
 i think the whole thing is ridiculous . 
 kane : what whole thing ? 
 alma : the celebrity worship . 
 it 's groundless . 
 take any of those movie-star divas away from their stylists and they 're just people . 
 give me one of those hollywood stylists and i 'll play a princess . 
 kane : i believe that . 
 alma : you run into girls as beautiful as bo derek on a daily basis . 
 you 're just too jaded to notice it . 
 kane : is bo derek really your reference for celebrity beauty - i have n't heard that name in years . 
 alma playfully pushed kane , which only made him want to be closer . 
 then she read his mind . 
 alma : tell me about anika . 
 kane : when i first met anika handel , she was simple and shy . 
 just as she had the potential to be lovely , she had the potential to be horrifying . 
 she sang in a church choir - she would 've gone to catholic school if not for hank . 
 now she 's a heathen . 
 she was drop-dead gorgeous in a girl-next-door sort of fashion . 
 listen to me , alma , i 'm using clich s. i used to be a master with words . 
 i was a language doctor with an intimate knowledge of the lingual anatomy . 
 alma : i think your language is beautiful , kane . 
 kane : you did n't know me then - when i could build a bridge between two anywheres with language . 
 alma : language is unnecessary in nature . 
 kane : you 'd know what i 'm talking about if you listened to my music , if you read my lyrics . 
 i 've lost an important part of myself . 
 alma : i 've heard you on guitar . 
 the world stopped . 
 alma : i wo n't tell him , kane . 
 i promise . 
 i think your playing is magnificent , and i can see the soul inside just trying to poke its way out . 
 kane : i hope you 're right . 
 alma -lrb- in kane 's ear -rrb- : i 'll give you a hint - tune the second string 180 degrees to the right . 
 kane : just like that ? 
 alma : you 're unlike anyone i ever met , kane hailand . 
 you 'll find it . 
 kane stopped at a discoloration in the sand . 
 bending , he found a single blue wildflower along a tortuous trail of feline footprints . 
 kane lifted the flower and brushed alma 's hair behind her ear , picking her chrysanthemum to replace it with his fresh blue wildflower . 
 at that moment , the sun hit its zenith to shine a lamplight glow over kane hailand and alma in the desert sand , locked in mirrored smiles , peering into each other 's eyes and souls to say telepathically what all words in all languages can only strive to express , shadows minified in an everlasting song , the royal flower in her ear suddenly seeming an exotic garden , lustrous and overflowing with too much beauty to be held captive , while everything in sight became furniture of the cosmic order - kane and alma , lovers in the glow . 
 the driving mechanism that once pushed kane hailand to flee the sun waned in utter silence under song , so that escaping the light became less important than escorting this angel back to the farmer 's tent . 
 he led her by the hand , and she followed because she desired to be led by this mysterious stranger who she somehow knew everything about , who did n't care that she was not manicured to fashion or that she was as vulnerable as he was , who gave her new strength under the past year 's barrage of weakness , who still has n't realized her obvious secret that she 's declining in health , that her vision is nearly depleted and each cough brings her closer to her all-too-nearing death . 
 she drew a chipped animal bone from her blouse . 
 alma : use this . 
 it 's a pick - it can get a fuller sound than your fingers . 
 that should make learning easier . 
 you 'll eventually learn songs to pick with your fingers , but the important thing right now is to establish the basics . 
 kane : it 's lovely , but i ca n't accept it . 
 alma : oh , really ? 
 why 's that ? 
 kane : you need it . 
 alma : i have plenty of them , kane . 
 kane : thank you . 
 alma : knowing you now , i would 've never pinned you for the sex , drugs , and rocknroll type . 
 kane : i do n't think i ever was that type . 
 i first used drugs because i thought hank needed them to loosen up . 
 we took it too far - we were drunk and stoned for about nine months straight . 
 this is the period of my life of which i ca n't speak . 
 we quit cold turkey and composed train of power in four productive days . 
 i have n't touched the stuff since . 
 hank relapses all the time . 
 his life is a relapse . 
 as for the sex - hank was always cheating on anika . 
 she knew it , but she put up with it . 
 i was the only man she ever cheated with - hank and i were the only men she 'd ever been with . 
 she 's the only woman i 've ever been with . 
 alma : no groupies for kane hailand ? 
 kane : hank used all the groupies . 
 i was n't into that - the only woman i ever cared for was anika . 
 when i wrote train of power , i envisioned her in a white dress , the same color as the one you 're wearing . 
 there was a time when my name was jake , before i was kane hailand . 
 you know , jake was the name they had tagged me with when they left me on the steps of the orphanage . 
 alma : oh gosh . 
 kane : jake was n't good enough to be a scoundrel . 
 he had to become kane hailand . 
 lucy liber had to become anika handel . 
 i still think of her as lucy , although i never really knew her then . 
 she was lucy , and she wore a white dress . 
 it 's funny - she never knew anything about the society hank and i were involved in , about how much we had committed . 
 she hated it precisely because she knew nothing about it , because hank excluded her . 
 alma : what was hank 's name when he was a kid ? 
 kane : easton . 
 easton israele . 
 it 's not important . 
 what i was saying was that when the society was gone , when we did away with it , she somehow retained its spirit . 
 in a flash , this innocent choirgirl became obsessed with the color violet and the number 9 - she thought it came from nowhere , but i knew what it was . 
 train of power was the sacrifice of lucy liber for anika handel - anika born from lucy , lucy long dead . 
 she became the embodiment of all she hated . 
 if anika had never joined the scoundrels , if hank never did to her what he did , she would have been a saint - capital s. alma : according to you , she 's still a saint . 
 kane : she likes to play with a loaded gun . 
 she says she does n't think of suicide when she does it . 
 she says that suicide is not the answer , that somehow this chaotic torture is fun . 
 alma : tell me something about hank . 
 kane : he never smiles . 
 he only wears red - red three-piece suit , red top hat , long red hair , red-feathered mask , red piano , flashing red eyes . 
 until i met heart of the people i thought hank was the only one with the flashing red eyes . 
 hank also has complete control of fire . 
 and he 's funny - foul-mouthed and sarcastic . 
 he never wears shoes . 
 alma : why does n't he wear shoes ? 
 kane : he plays the piano with his toes sometimes . 
 alma : strange . 
 kane : he wo n't eat anything without hot sauce . 
 his notion of speaking is frustrated - everything he says comes out in a hurried shout because he believes speech is a waste of time . 
 he 's a common thief . 
 as long as i 've known him i 've never seen him pay for anything - he 's the only millionaire i know who 'll rob a fruit stand . 
 he acted in a series of public service announcements to promote drug awareness because he thought it was funny . 
 alma : he sounds fascinating . 
 a small family of hedgehogs scurried from the dirt between kane and alma 's legs . 
 alma shrieked . 
 kane laughed and cradled the animals in coupled hands . 
 kane : they wo n't hurt us . 
 i promise . 
 alma stroked a tentative hand over the relaxed spikes of the three hedgehogs . 
 evolutionarily speaking , hedgehogs were developed with a coat of spines to spike into strangers , yet these animals were unquestioningly at peace with kane hailand and alma . 
 kane : why 'd you scream - you 're always so composed . 
 you 're the one who taught me how to gut a cormorant . 
 alma : these little guys caught me off-guard . 
 kane : i think they 'd make a good gift for the farmer 's family . 
 kane placed the hedgehogs inside the hallowed body of his guitar . 
 he and alma walked quickly , as the sun was to descend within an hour or two , and the code defies travelers from navigating at night . 
 alma wondered why she screamed - she had mastered the art of exercising poise in the most threatening of natural situations , and yet with kane she wailed over a harmless posse of miniature mammals . 
 in kane hailand 's arms , the swift gust of irrational fear was warmed and forgotten . 
 they walked . 
 kane wanted to raise the subject of usman kanaan . 
 leon insisted on avoiding all news from society , but would his adamancy include news of his own father ? 
 as always , kane 's thoughts ran back to hank . 
 kane : hank only ever had one love - his piano . 
 anika was his wife , but the piano was his lover . 
 his relationship with the piano was no less turbulent than his relationship with anika . 
 he either beat the holy sound out of the piano or he made love to it 'til sunrise - passion was all there ever was . 
 he likened his ability to having eighty-eight minions whom he could direct and manipulate against each other in any way he desired . 
 alma : interesting . 
 kane : i remember when i introduced hank to the music of mozart . 
 alma : a piano genius never listened to mozart ? 
 kane : he never really listened to much music . 
 his world was composed of his own music . 
 i 'll never forget his response to wolfgang amadeus . 
 alma : what 'd he say ? 
 kane : i played don giovanni . 
 hank listened intently , taking it in . 
 he stole my computer and listened to the opera on repeat , transcribing every note to every part in a notebook he kept . 
 when he finished , he limped into my room and shattered my laptop against the wall . 
 before walking out , he tipped his red top hat and pronounced mozart is a pussy . 
 alma : what 's a laptop ? 
 kane : i forget how long you 've been away . 
 alma : it 's a charming story , nonetheless . 
 kane : that 's how it went - that 's how we were . 
 i was the sun - hank , the moon . 
 kane laughed . 
 he stopped abruptly . 
 kane : he really let me down when he ditched the piano . 
 we changed the world once , and we could have done it a million times over . 
 hank never understood his own genius . 
 he got a hunch to dj , and he built a turntable - left his mad red piano to rot in the dust . 
 i do n't care if he is the hottest dj in the world - i 've seen his capability on a piano , i 've seen his fingers go ablaze , and i will never respect his turntables as art . 
 kane turned alma around to watch the setting sun , an orange bow of light spreading waves of joy to fade on the horizon . 
 kane : can i tell you something that 's been bothering me ? 
 alma : of course . 
 kane : since i left america , every time i see that sun go down , i 'm thankful for those blessed hours of night , when i can hope that just maybe the sun is gone for good . 
 alma : this has something to do with hank ? 
 kane : no . 
 alma : you just said you were the sun and hank adaline was the moon . 
 kane : you want to know why hank really left me ? 
 i told you before that the scoundrels ' music was only real when performed live . 
 hank had dreams of playing the acrobat in the shows - jumping on the piano , flying through the crowd . 
 but he could n't - he had a limp . 
 it happened during train of power . 
 anyways , i became the jester , the acrobat in the scoundrels ' shows , beaming my lights and dancing with my animals . 
 hank would watch and snarl with contempt . 
 then , one day , hank jumped . 
 that 's when he started to dj . 
 alma : kane hailand - do you like that name ? 
 kane : i do n't remember where i came up with it - it just came to me . 
 alma : back there , you 're kane hailand . 
 out here , you 're whoever you want to be . 
 who do you want to be ? 
 kane : i do n't know . 
 alma : i want to be eve . 
 kane : eve . 
 alma : i 'm the only female . 
 it 's my responsibility to breed our race . 
 kane : anika felt that way . 
 she always wanted a child . 
 with her it was a need - a child was the only thing she needed . 
 i think about her sometimes and the pain is so thick that it warms my body . 
 then i think i should n't feel pain - i guess it 's either feel the pain or feel nothing at all . 
 in those moments , it takes all my strength to beat my empty heart . 
 kane never understood this need for a child . 
 why propound a miserable race - pass down all of our hang-ups and our grievances through progeny ? 
 it did n't seem fair . 
 alma nestled closer to kane , feeling his pain through his large warm hands , believing she will save him somehow . 
 kane : you remind me of her . 
 alma : i do ? 
 kane : you have a lot in common with anika , except you 're - less damaged . 
 alma : why did n't she have the child ? 
 kane : she did n't want hank to use it as a stage prop . 
 alma : he sounds like a monster . 
 kane : he was n't always . 
 alma : monsters are n't born - they 're formed . 
 who was the girl who broke his heart ? 
 kane : it was n't a girl . 
 i did it . 
 i deceived him . 
 alma could see kane was visibly weakened . 
 she prodded him to gulp water from the pail and coerced him into chewing a few figs with a guarantee that heart of the people will suspect nothing . 
 the hedgehogs rolled and played inside the guitar , making soft music for none but themselves . 
 alma directed the conversation to a more pressing issue , one that she was more familiar with than kane suspected . 
 alma : what was it like saying goodbye to someone you love ? 
 kane : i never told her goodbye . 
 alma : why not ? 
 kane : there 's no such thing as a casual goodbye . 
 a goodbye implies something once was . 
 and when that something walks away , you 'll feel it . 
 alma : has she seen the tattoo ? 
 kane : no . 
 it was the last thing i did before i left . 
 alma : at least you had love in your life . 
 i never had any . 
 kane : you 're lucky . 
 alma : i should say the same for you . 
 kane : when i look in the mirror , i wonder how i ever thought she could choose this face as the one face for her . 
 alma : you do n't know your own treasures . 
 you had the courage to come here . 
 kane : courage did n't bring me here - i was running from fear . 
 kane and alma reached moishe 's tent as the sun set behind them . 
 the farmer served alma 's fig jam with a gracious gruel mixed from semolina , honey , and goat cheese . 
 adding lemon juice to goat milk , leon explained , makes goat cheese . 
 you let the milk coagulate and then you drain it . 
 goat cheese is the source of the gruel 's salty flavor , as the cheese must be heavily salted to prevent decay . 
 leon remarked to kane that moishe ca n't possibly talk about the land because the farmer does n't recognize the land , just as a fish does n't recognize the water he swims in . 
 to him , the land is indistinguishable from the air and the water because they are all a part of him , just as kane can not distinguish between different facets of his own bundled personality . 
 heart of the people flashed his eyes although he could n't possibly have known what was said . 
 leon related moishe 's gratitude for the rare treat of a hedgehog . 
 moishe posited that the only shame of it all was that he could n't eat the hedgehogs with his friends that very night , as hedgehogs take half an evening to cook , and they 're best boiled when wrapped in a certain type of grass that the farmer did not then have in his possession . 
 moishe also noticed that kane had developed a certain fondness for the hedgehogs , and the farmer did n't want his new tattooed american friend to watch his little hedgehog buddies get their throats cut - moishe killed all of his meals by slitting their throats . 
 heart of the people drank wine . 
 the others drank goat milk . 
 all sat on their rugs . 
 alma remained uncharacteristically silent through most of the meal - leon always dominated a conversation in any language , but alma normally deemed it imperative that her piece was said . 
 when the meal ended , and it was time for their musical mantras , alma remained reticent . 
 without question , the others accepted her choice to listen instead of play . 
 no matter what adversity confronted kane throughout the day , the prospect of bathing in their music at night endowed him with the strength to persevere . 
 their nocturnal sessions were , to kane , the pure gift of living inebriation . 
 wrapped in the ney , the talking drum , and the farmer 's rebab , kane hailand should have cuddled with bliss - but without alma 's lyre , the enchantment was absent . 
 kane stared in alma 's direction . 
 she refused to reply with any note to his concern . 
 he prayed to see her sapphire eyes for just a moment so that he could see her and believe that she was all right , but she remained aloof , eyes closed , recumbent on the rug . 
 in the morning , moishe sent them off with a pail of goat milk . 
 heart of the people did n't bother to freeze the milk , as it was to be consumed quickly to avoid spoilage . 
 they continued northwest , where they could seek shelter from the impending storm in the fortress of a bedouin who traded soap - kane thought this to be emphatically appropriate , as he was beginning to revile his own stench . 
 alma somehow defied the logic of the wild , as she had soft skin that smelled like flowers . 
 kane pulled the wagon with the guitar strung round his shoulder . 
 with surprise , he acknowledged that he was getting stronger , that the wagon did not seem nearly as heavy as it had previously felt and that his legs had become accustomed to motion . 
 he had tried heeding alma 's advice about tuning the second string of his guitar , but he forgot whether the adjustment referred to the string second from bottom or top . 
 there was something weighing on alma - kane was sure of this now . 
 after declining to play her lyre the night before , she has carried her silence into today . 
 alma could n't look kane in the eye because of what he meant to her and how it petrified her to think he may not work . 
 it did n't work with heart of the people and it did n't work with leon , but kane possessed a certain effect that made her feel the brand of feelings that actualize fantasies . 
 she was ovulating , and maybe kane was the one , her adam , the bringer of life . 
 or maybe the problem lay with her . 
 a childless spartan woman was urged to discover whether a man other than her husband could produce a child - childbirth was a woman 's sole bearing . 
 alma pontificated as she walked , never more alive and never more frightened , led by leon 's hand as the world only grew dimmer with age , the shadows more obfuscating , spreading night into day . 
 she could n't bear to look at kane hailand , a stranger until so recently , the sad man she found unconscious by the river where she bathed and concocted her latest perfume . 
 making perfume was a simple process , one that heart of the people would spurn if he knew she kept a glass vial , because glass defied his code . 
 place a woven cloth over a jar and fill it with flowers . 
 pour water and alcohol into the jar until it covers the flowers . 
 let it sit for several days , filter the product through a woven cloth , and voila - perfume . 
 though she embraced the wild , she was still a woman , soon to be the great mother of man , and she must carry a woman 's scent . 
 when she first saw kane passed out by the river , she thought he was peeping on her . 
 upon closer inspection she could see that he was n't eavesdropping , that he needed help . 
 though he had n't yet spoken , she could see this in his face - he needed her help . 
 he was just a silly man with a backwards tattoo of some strange expression on his forehead . 
 the family passed the hours joking that whoever he was in that near-lifeless body should have gotten his money back from the tattoo parlor , as the writing was mirrored , jagged , and scabbed violet . 
 they had to protect him at all times because thousands of strange animals would come to see his body , as if they could smell his weakness . 
 but when he awoke he was so genteel and so fragile , and though he must be at least a decade her junior she could n't help but love him fully and immediately because he knew suffering and because he forgot all else . 
 he needed a mother , to teach and to guide him , and who could mother the man who was to father all men if not she - the great mother , gaia , alma ? 
 even if it worked with kane , as it had not worked with leon or heart of the people , if she were to develop and carry a child inside her , the most pressing concern was whether or not she could last until the child 's birth . 
 another urge to vomit . 
 there 's no stopping it - the sickness will come if it wants to . 
 breathe . 
 exhale . 
 when she goes to the fields there 's blood in her urine and she 's too tired to continue walking like this and the moisturizer gives her a rash . 
 the lyre is the only thing that could alleviate the pain , but that would be too easy . 
 and so she walked on , lyre in hand , her other hand steeped firmly in leon 's grip , because leon , through his monstrous humor and through love , will protect her as will all of them because they are family . 
 at sundown the family set up camp in the mountains . 
 kane watched heart of the people light a fire , and his suspicions were confirmed - heart of the people made fire just like hank adaline , sparking flames through his palms . 
 heart of the people still refused to look at kane , and even when he did turn to kane 's direction it was as if he was looking through kane with something that was either utter disinterest or total concentration . 
 with the sun concealed completely from their desert , kane felt more at ease than he had during the day - may god never give rise to that old sun again . 
 that night was particularly memorable for two reasons , the first being that heart of the people finally allowed kane to play his guitar , the second being what follows . 
 kane sat under the moon , a voyager in the deep unknown of the fretboard . 
 with acute concentration , he was able to recall the music of the scoundrels . 
 memory was the only union between the tattooed vagabond and the lyricist from the greatest musical trio of all time . 
 given his imminent deadline for mastering the guitar , he figured the most efficient method for learning the instrument would be to transcribe the scoundrels ' music . 
 these were the only songs of which he had any sense of structure , as he meticulously inspected every step of their development from a series of flashing words in his mind to a full-bodied performance in the world 's grandest arenas . 
 the first song he chose to learn was turkish bath - four verses portraying an isolated dome where all inhibitions are extinguished upon entry and redressed upon exit . 
 this was another fan favorite in shows . 
 when kane hailand threw undulating waves of light like an ocean in the air , the audience understood that the next 99 beats played at varying paces contained a universe in which the boundaries of social conventions did not exist . 
 at the end of the song , when hank adaline pulled his red keyboard from the piano and into the audience like a sliced treadmill , every fan would stop to marvel at hank 's globe of fire , suspended in the air . 
 the audience would wonder for a moment what chaos had just ensued and then they 'd turn for their respective homes , leaving their rubble for the stadium crew to clean . 
 the scoundrels were required by law to quit performing the song in most countries after a group of fans raped a young girl during a concert at the sydney opera house . 
 the rapists claimed it was consensual , the girl claimed differently - it was an international debate that lasted far too long . 
 kane hailand was devastated - hank adaline , that devil , was proud . 
 kane originally wrote turkish bath to be a song about unattainable love , but the world took it for a song about anarchy - then again , how often in this world is a man properly heard ? 
 kane hoped alma would appreciate the song - it was n't a romantic tune , but it was important for the indications of his former frustrations . 
 alma was trying to understand him as anika never did , but he could still only think about anika . 
 because he left her . 
 he loved her and he left her when she was dying and now there was no way to contact her even if he wanted to . 
 while thinking , kane transcribed , picking four-note chords through trial and error , settling with a composer 's certainty . 
 kane had already transcribed the first two verses through trial and error when leon approached . 
 leon : a young guitar is blooming . 
 kane : i hope so . 
 leon : come with me . 
 there 's something you must do . 
 lured by the ranging echo of the talking drum , leon led kane to the fire . 
 heart of the people approached kane with a barefoot sweep of his stump , heatedly staring with his red flashing eyes . 
 the grand leader released the drum-rope from his jaws . 
 he raised his one arm to rest a hand on kane 's shoulder . 
 leon handed kane a pail with a small volume of mysterious liquid inside . 
 leon : swirl it around your mouth . 
 do n't swallow . 
 kane obliged , unconscious of his obedience , ricocheting the liquid bullet between his cheeks , through his teeth and under his tongue , a taste of coconut and sesame . 
 leon poured a slow pail of warm water over kane 's head . 
 kane felt ephemeral warmth followed by a shiver from the cold wet night , swirling the elixir in his mouth . 
 after a minute or so , leon told kane to spit . 
 leon pointed through a loop of beard into the distance . 
 leon : love and be loved . 
 mouth freshened with coconut flavor , kane walked forth to the beat of the drum and the whistle of the ney , guided by rhythm , living their voice in the chill of the night . 
 through the faint flicker of the fire behind him , alma was wrapped in a blanket beneath the starlit sky . 
 she was a woman , the only key to his understanding of a greater power . 
 affixed to him their bodies shall alas become full , and the high signal of creation will sound through the land . 
 her eyes , infinite in depth , penetrated his being - he said nothing , yet she understood all . 
 alma : kane . 
 she stepped forth and burrowed her head into his chest . 
 he pulled her close and he wished that he could somehow pull her closer so as to share her grace and think her every thought and drive her spirit . 
 his hand cradled the back of her head and it fit so perfectly as if hand and head were crafted in identical molds , yet not like yin and yang because there is no hand inside head or head inside hand , and head and hand were not created equal . 
 his hand had complete control of her head - he was her guide and she would go wherever his hand willed . 
 this must be how hank adaline felt , sitting at a piano - the ability to master the world with his hand . 
 kane pushed alma 's head downward . 
 anika always began with her mouth - she always said she needed a warm-up . 
 alma : kane , what are you doing ? 
 the drum and ney ceased . 
 kane : i 'm sorry - i thought - alma : do n't you have any manners ? 
 leon -lrb- shouting from far beyond the fire -rrb- : he does n't have womanners . 
 alma -lrb- shouting back to leon -rrb- : shut up . 
 just keep playing . 
 the music continued . 
 kane hailand wallowed in the soil of shame . 
 he had acted on impulse , as anika trained him to act . 
 anika liked to be ridden and abused . 
 she wanted her hair pulled - she wanted to be slapped , choked , and pinched . 
 all of this made kane exceedingly uncomfortable , but it was the only way for him to be close to her . 
 alma took a moment to gather her composure . 
 her first thought was that she had misinterpreted his actions because his personality did n't match the sexual demeanor , but then it made sense that kane hailand was fractured in spirit . 
 he had an exceeding capacity to love , but it had never been requited . 
 an international musical icon that has only been with one woman - men universally fantasize about the caliber of women he has deflected . 
 kane needed to be coddled in sex , a pupil in the carnal joys of desire . 
 he needed to be properly deflowered . 
 she retreated several paces away from kane , and turned around in lustful gaze . 
 she dropped her blanket to the ground , exposing her naked being . 
 alma : let me show you how to handle a woman . 
 alma sauntered toward kane in slow temptation . 
 her naked figure looked quite different from anika with the bald violet piercing . 
 alma lifted her hands to kane 's face , feeling his features to compose his image in her mind . 
 due to silver spots in her vision that she did n't want him or anyone else to know about , lest they pity her more , alma had not yet produced a complete image of his appearance . 
 gravity pulled their lips to a sensual touch , glancing off each other 's warmth in moist puckered freedom , his stubbly beard scraping lightly at her soft rosy cheeks . 
 kane : i 'll be a child taking care of a child . 
 alma : we ca n't do any worse than they did . 
 kane cleared the hair from her eyes , combing the silk strands like rays of sunshine while leon and heart of the people brought the music from a light rainfall to a monsoon thunder in the desert . 
 alma 's skin was the only warmth in the cold of night that kane never quite knew - night was always hank 's thing . 
 hank controlled the fire , kane controlled the light . 
 alma : where are you going , kane ? 
 kane : i do n't know . 
 that 's what scares me . 
 alma : come with me . 
 i 'll show you that there 's nothing to be scared of . 
 kane kissed her slender female shoulder . 
 she pleaded with him to take her , to treat her as a man treats a woman - to violate and worship her until the final dawn . 
 this was not a physical act . 
 this act was not in the body . 
 adolescent boys have dreams that wake them up with sticky sheets without as much as a touch of a finger . 
 making love is in the mind , in the spirit - it is not as it is portrayed in hollywood or literature or any other stimulation of the senses . 
 it is a holy conversation between souls , hearts beating in each other 's chests . 
 kane felt alma 's warm light in his soul . 
 alma felt kane 's warm light in her soul . 
 together these two lovers , yin and yang , became whole as one , drifting into the night with shared lips - two explorers and millions of stars , succumbing to the philter of a love so strong it whitens the light in your retinas so that earth appears as heaven must . 
 sex changes a man - this is not to say that a man will be forever altered by sex , but there is always that post-coital moment in which a man , for the only times in his adult life , thinks clearly . 
 in these moments , the universe aligns and all confusion dissipates and he is able to tell himself with absolute truth , usually based on the sex he just had and who he had it with , his current state of being . 
 this , he knows , is truth , and it will last until his body seeks sex once again . 
 kane hailand , for the first time since train of power , was hopeful - distraught , utterly lost , slightly demented - but hopeful . 
 kane smiled without knowing why . 
 then he laughed because he was smiling . 
 the beautiful lady lying at his side kissed his cheek . 
 he returned to feel her warmth , bathing in the stars , the drum , and the ney . 
 just the slip of her sweet tongue was enough to send him dazed into the gardens of forever . 
 kane : what is it that makes you need a child ? 
 alma : a child knows only what you tell it . 
 if you give a child nothing but love , then love is the only thing a child will ever know . 
 alma rubbed a hand through kane 's ratty hair . 
 she smiled , and whispered . 
 alma : jake . 
 * * * track 5 : eureka ! 
 a child whither dance the hands of time , turning the world to conduct the symphony of life . 
 the tides sweep ashore , the mountains dance , the lands collide , and layers of dirt pile slowly to bury the ascendants as the mountains gradually disintegrate , for one day the most challenging of summits will become surmountable as we build upon our earth - and satisfaction , we shall see , is a bland plateau . 
 the sun pursues its parabolic slope - rise and descend , rise and descend , perpetuating through promised continuity . 
 days turn to weeks , weeks to months . 
 life happens , and as it happens certain things become opaque while others become clear as the truth . 
 heart of the people 's travelers never counted time . 
 they did not measure their lives in units , and in fact did not measure their lives at all . 
 they lived . 
 every night , kane fell asleep in alma 's arms with the same stubborn hope that the sun will not have risen when he again steps into wakefulness . 
 alma walked the morning fields alone , watching the sunrise . 
 content , she mused that it had been quite a while since they last traveled . 
 for ages , her feet had steered her in an aimless wander , and now that she had finally found something called life it may be time to stop moving and enjoy it . 
 summer was past , its aestival heat only traceable through the settled remnants of their dusty trail . 
 the world was sure to become colder both in day and in night . 
 she prepared for the impending cold , but her preparations distracted the group - the lunar cycle elapsed and still they had not bathed . 
 to prepare for the cold , alma wove an additional sweater for each of her men . 
 it had become tradition that she weave new clothing for every change of season , and though her seasonal weaving was never mandated by heart of the people 's code , she had always reaped a sense of worth from sharing her talents with her family . 
 years ago , she learned to weave by observing a spider weave its gossamer into a web . 
 by now she was a virtuoso . 
 the weaving was cathartic - the hands worked while the brain journeyed . 
 alma gave kane his first sweater just two days after their inaugural romantic encounter . 
 she cherished their first act of love because , to her , it was the most beautiful dance in the annals of time - primal and holy , encumbered in harmony . 
 strumming her lyre through the fields under sunrise , alma was never happier . 
 she had never been in love , yet she was n't eager to say that this was love because the label did n't matter . 
 what mattered was that she was sure of how she felt . 
 although she and kane had only known each other for a short time , they had known nothing but each other in this time . 
 a life in solitude has no humdrum - a life in solitude is naked of bollocks . 
 making love to kane had become a nightly occurrence , one she found as gratifying as music . 
 but kane was still hesitant to accept her open love . 
 he required patience . 
 she anticipated this . 
 his past was his ever-present burden , and she would need to work tirelessly to relieve him of his sadness . 
 he had proven himself an attentive lover , communicating effectively with his body , as she always knew he was capable of - and now alma has grown full . 
 not to jinx her luck or to excite prematurely , but the restoration of hope , and not just hope but faith that there was life developing inside her , was the revitalization she so critically needed . 
 her health , though not healed , had visibly changed . 
 of course she still succumbed to the aches and the nausea , the bleeding and fatigue , but her breasts had become swollen and tender , her nipples now darkened , and as of late she has developed a deep and unlikely craving for beans . 
 most poignant , however , was her convalescing vision - the silver spots were not nearly as blinding . 
 at times she was granted a magical vista free of occlusion , breathing in the land with her beautiful love . 
 she had been purblind for what must have been years . 
 heart of the people always said that alma 's blindness was in the spirit - she was going blind because she did not wish to see . 
 to rise in the morning with the blessed gift of sight was a daily reawakening in the stately palace of tellurian nature . 
 she thought of the first time she saw kane 's face . 
 it was a mystical thrill . 
 when she was blinded , she tried compulsively to piece together a complete mental portrait of kane through a combination of the fragments of his image that had shone through her spotted vision and her physical impressions from feeling his face . 
 when at last she saw him as he appeared , complete and full in his visage , it was as though a prophet had granted life to a beautifully weathered statue . 
 he was even more handsome than she imagined - rugged beard and toned muscles , kane 's image was more suggestive of a spartan warrior than a rehabilitating poet . 
 his face was the face she was meant to be with , the face of man . 
 this face , she gushed , was the face she would spend her life with , the physical embodiment of the long-awaited pursuit of her one unattained dream of creating a new people - this face will give life to a new breed of men . 
 alma , newly enlightened , laden with the divine responsibility of fostering mankind in her womb , displayed a renewed verve when she joined the others with her lyre . 
 a wolf howled in the distance . 
 alma froze . 
 a wolf can howl in twelve distinct harmonic tones - each tone is a unique signal to the rest of its pack indicating the presence of food , alarm , or danger . 
 if kane hailand had known this when he was recording with the scoundrels - the world will never know what howl to howl could have been . 
 alma had no time for such thoughts , petrified still like a mummy , listening for motion in the fields . 
 she knew the wolves were looking for kane , that any animal traveling toward any of them was in pursuit of kane - but kane was asleep , and any wolf would be disappointed to pass unacknowledged by the sleeping kane hailand . 
 alma had never been scared of a wolf , but with a stomach soon to be round and full like the world itself , the slightest of risks posed unthinkable fears . 
 she turned back to wake kane . 
 kane had grown a considerable beard . 
 he had begun a workout regimen that he believed would keep him healthy and facilitate his pulling of the wagon . 
 hank adaline used to take yoga . 
 he wanted to have complete control of his body . 
 this is what ignited him with the fluidity to play one hundred thousand piano notes per hour , averaging to about twenty-eight notes per second - just one of hank 's many world records . 
 leon , on the contrary , never believed in physicality . 
 he says physicality is empty , that imagination will take you wherever you wish to go . 
 kane hailand the performing jester of the scoundrels had lived a lazy lifestyle - the only exercise he ever attempted was to avoid the act of exercising . 
 the newly bearded , nomadic kane hailand would appear unrecognizable to scoundrels fans - the jester , no one lamented , had died without a funeral . 
 kane awoke , hungry , his head lying comfortably on the guitar . 
 his ears rang in a sustained tone , and he immediately snatched the guitar to pluck the note that matched the tone inside his head . 
 following intuition , he nailed the note on his first attempt . 
 from there , he composed a brief song in the key of the note in his head . 
 he did n't know the names of the notes he was playing and he could n't explain how to play music in any particular key , but the music was natural in his blood , and by this point he could fool any passerby into thinking he was a longstanding student of the instrument . 
 he had learned to play chords , picking harmonies in his head and translating them through his fingers . 
 in so many ways , it was like penning a song , but the language was his to invent . 
 kane had worked several scoundrels songs to completion on the guitar . 
 he could unroll turkish bath with ease . 
 he played death unto mnemosyne with a confident mastery . 
 alma was particularly fond of this tune , and this gladdened kane because it was a spiritual song that required a spiritual reaction . 
 the first time anika handel read the lyrics to death unto mnemosyne , she set them down in callous indifference as she expressed her desire to fuck kane in a cemetery . 
 kane began to piece out the atomic she , but the first verse proved too difficult . 
 many of the scoundrels ' songs were unapproachable because of hank 's intricate stylistics . 
 hank never fully understood the concept of simple beauty - kane always thought that just because hank was damned with the abilities of a genius and the pinpointed dexterity of a neurosurgeon did n't mean he had to show off . 
 kane 's workings of the scoundrels ' music were never true to how hank played the songs on record . 
 hank adaline himself could n't reproduce what he did on record - not that he would be interested in trying . 
 as the scoundrels ' performances were heavily improvised , hank never played the same thing twice - art , he always said , is in the air . 
 in the studio , hank and anika refused to go beyond a single take . 
 the first time is the right time , make no mistake , and they became bored with a song after just one rehearsal , retiring the tune until their next performance . 
 kane never felt this sense of confidence with his lyrics - he reworked every verse until the first draft of honest thought was unrecognizable . 
 hank and anika 's refusal to play any song more than once per day often frustrated producers , but the manic culture that followed the scoundrels rendered them the only artists in the world to which men in suits were powerless . 
 kane 's first sight that day was of radiating beautiful alma . 
 to be smothered in her scented flesh would be the sweetest death . 
 she lay beside him . 
 to feel him lie beside her , to stroke his hair and taste his lips and earn that sparse moment when his exterior cracks and his song fills the air - this was what she lived for . 
 there was a renewed verve about alma . 
 she fashioned her clothes differently . 
 her blouse was tighter , leaner - her belly full with life , her breasts magnificent and lovely , hair perfumed to accent her dark shapely brow and her sapphire eyes . 
 kane thought it uncharacteristic that alma would place so much stock in her clothes and her blister-inducing sandals , but alma just laughed and said it 's style , you 're either in or you 're out . 
 alma also said that spartan women dressed daringly - spartan women were supposed to be proud of their physical fitness . 
 alma , of late , was most definitely proud , harboring the future in her being . 
 this was the perfect wakeup , exhibiting remarkable potential for a day in which nothing can falter . 
 the family began their day by traveling , their first move in weeks . 
 this should have pleased kane , who was desperate for a bath , and even more desperate for heart of the people to bathe , but kane had accidentally wiped his ass with an ivy leaf the night before . 
 sweaty , sticky , eyes dry , dirt caked under his fingernails , hair long and greasy , and skin peeling from the soles of his feet -lrb- and for some reason his ears as well -rrb- , kane pulled the wagon , the guitar slung round his neck , traveling to the glory of music , both hands occupied and unable to scratch his ass . 
 he was transfixed with heart of the people 's stump , cut just short of the elbow , the wooden contraption tucking the drum at his waist , swinging just above the ever-holstered blade like a pendulum to conduct the rhythm of time . 
 the stump swayed with the beat of the talking drum , speaking clearer than its owner would ever speak to kane . 
 kane had recently fallen in love with his guitar . 
 he knew also that alma loved him . 
 both loves were so fresh , so promising and inviting , that he questioned whether he was capable of balancing the two . 
 perhaps there was a way in which he could combine his two loves - love both alma and his music . 
 success with music and women had always been his only fears , and now , after years of neglect , his fears will teach him love . 
 as a discontented player in the scoundrels , kane spent so much time seeking approval through his art . 
 now he was learning the only subject he never studied as a paramount intellectual - his own fulfillment . 
 he basked in the music as he walked - gravel crunching beneath his filthy beaten sneakers in the mountains as heart of the people walked barefoot to lead him . 
 heart of the people stopped at a slaughtered wolf carcass . 
 thick blood oozed from a solitary hole in the wolf 's throat - evidence that the wolf had been recently slain . 
 alma : who would shoot this poor wolf and leave him here ? 
 leon : in our code , kane , it states that if you do n't to eat your kill , you must use its assets - its hide or its bones . 
 alma : killing for the sake of killing - what a shame . 
 leon : winter is coming , and the wolf has a beautiful coat . 
 alma -lrb- struck by the stench -rrb- : a putrid coat . 
 leon : we must find the man who did this . 
 kane : a man did n't do this . 
 leon -lrb- laughing -rrb- : yes , kane , this wolf shot itself . 
 leon and heart of the people exchanged words . 
 heart of the people chuckled and pointed a finger to his forehead , a gesture that kane could only take as a mockery of his own foolish tattoo . 
 leon : do you know how wolves attack their prey , kane ? 
 kane : no . 
 leon : they bite the perineum . 
 kane : the perineum ? 
 leon -lrb- smiling through his loops of beard -rrb- : the gooch . 
 bleeding to death at your gooch is no jolly way to go . 
 kane : he was n't shot . 
 leon : who ? 
 kane : the wolf . 
 leon : is that so , detective ? 
 kane : that 's not a bullet-hole . 
 it 's the mark of a fang . 
 heart of the people clutched his leopard-fang necklace , though he could n't possibly have understood kane 's language . 
 leon stooped to lift the wolf . 
 leon : lend me a hand . 
 kane : what are you doing ? 
 leon : this is fresh meat - we must follow the code . 
 kane and leon loaded the wolf onto the wagon . 
 curiously , kane noted that , for the first time , he was being called to load the wagon . 
 at one time , kane would have shuddered to think of how much weight he was pulling in the wagon , but the new kane hailand enjoyed the workout . 
 he asked leon the reason behind this new rule to the code - it did n't seem right that a resource must be used just because it 's available . 
 leon explained that sustenance must always be held as a chief concern . 
 life is sacred and it must not be wasted . 
 contemporary concerts offer light shows in the form of multi-colored lasers and digital backdrops . 
 light technicians do whatever they can with the properties of light . 
 the scoundrels were never limited by the properties of light because kane hailand made his own laws . 
 they say that light moves at 186,000 miles per second - whoever says this has never met kane hailand . 
 kane could cradle light , slow it - speed it even . 
 he was struck by lightning as a student , and god charged him with a marvelous ability . 
 when he was struck by lightning once again in the wild , god did n't charge him with any new powers . 
 kane thought about setting the sun . 
 as the jester , kane hailand could probably set the sun . 
 he never tried . 
 he was too scared of success . 
 now his gift was gone . 
 he watched his shadow as he pulled the wagon . 
 leon dropped back to talk to kane as heart of the people navigated barefoot over rocks and twigs , his calloused feet feeling nothing . 
 alma , having conquered much of her blindness , walked free without a hand to guide her , independent in the liberty of vision . 
 leon : humanity is always building its encyclopedia of knowledge . 
 the more knowledge they acquire , the more they believe that they know about their environment . 
 the more they know , the greater their illusion of control . 
 it 's similar with your guitar . 
 the more you practice , the more you believe you know - the more you think you know , the more you feel you 're in control . 
 kane : it 's a frustrating process . 
 leon : what humanity does n't realize , however , is that the only reason they have control is because they themselves created the environment they study . 
 their control is an illusion they created . 
 sure , they did n't create the circumstances of the world , just as you did n't invent the guitar - but they imagine complete control over what happens within the circumstances they have been placed in . 
 one day you will feel this with your guitar . 
 that guitar will be your world , your very spirit , your anima . 
 kane : i do n't know , leon . 
 leon : out here in nature , away from the society humanity created , we have total control . 
 we can build as they have built . 
 kane : i thought we did n't want to be like them . 
 leon : what you are doing - fathering a child with alma - is a very noble deed . 
 alma had almost given up before we found you . 
 out here , kane , alma wishes to establish paradise . 
 i just want to warn you - do n't get too attached to this idea . 
 kane : what 's that supposed to mean ? 
 leon moved ahead . 
 something about leon 's demeanor struck kane as disingenuous . 
 what leon said made sense , but there was also a sense in which he could n't have meant what he said . 
 exhausted with thinking , aching and itching , kane hailand reverted to thoughts of setting the sun . 
 hank adaline used to be obsessed with mirroring opposites - he used to spend evenings in drunken philosophical discourse , mumbling incoherently , saying that your pupils dilate when you see someone you love as well as when you see someone you hate , and that the light you see in the moon is just a reflection of the sunlight . 
 then he 'd give you the most compelling argument for believing in a strange relativity between good and evil . 
 hank 's mirroring of opposites was the initial inspiration behind train of power , kane 's 252 line masterpiece told through rhyming couplets by two arch-rival narrators . 
 kane followed the promising rush of water in the distance . 
 leon stopped him , staring deeply into kane 's face , never altering his expression , inducing a mirror 's self-consciousness in kane . 
 kane inhaled sour whiffs of leon 's loopy beard . 
 after staring blank-faced for a few moments , leon erupted in laughter . 
 leon : a tattoo on your forehead - you 're a crazy fellow , kane hailand ! 
 kane laughed along with leon , walking under the valley sun . 
 kane : i think you 'd like anika 's nickname . 
 leon : excuse me ? 
 kane : anika 's nickname . 
 leon : what is it ? 
 kane : the quaquaversal . 
 that 's what they call anika handel . 
 it means - leon : moving in all directions from a common center - i know the term . 
 how does it apply to your anika ? 
 kane : she could do anything with her voice , take you in any direction - make you feel everything at once . 
 leon : anika , the quaquaversal . 
 what was your nickname ? 
 kane : i was the jester . 
 leon : tell me , clown , why are you still so hung up on past loves when you have alma in your life ? 
 kane : it 's not that easy . 
 anika consumed me for so long . 
 alma 's great - she may be the greatest thing that could ever happen to me . 
 i do n't want to mess it up with her like i 've messed up everything i 've ever been given - but she reminds me so much of anika . 
 leon : is that so ? 
 kane : the amazing musical abilities , the need for a child - she even looks like anika used to look before she dyed her hair violet . 
 i feel like alma is the perfection anika would 've been if it was n't for me and hank , if anika never became a scoundrel . 
 leon : if our alma is a better version of what you left behind , you should quit your mourning . 
 kane : anika told me things she told no one else . 
 she said she fantasized about killing hank . 
 she wanted to ride his naked body as she watched the life fade from his flashing red eyes - fuck the life out of him . 
 leon : you just betrayed her secret to me , and i never even prompted you to do so . 
 if you really loved her , you would 've kept her secret , even if you were sure that i would never meet her . 
 kane : i told her secret to the world . 
 i made a song out of it - when you fade to red in me . 
 i 'm the reason anika has no secrets . 
 leon : when i was in politics , i read a story in which our government sentenced a woman to twelve years in prison for having premarital sex with her fianc . 
 she was pregnant with her lover 's baby , and she gave birth in a penitentiary . 
 kane : that 's awful . 
 leon : i read of a woman imprisoned for leaving her father 's home to be with her lover , another who was arrested for choosing her own husband without her father 's consent . 
 i even read of a virgin who was put away for the intention of sex . 
 my point is that you should understand how fortunate you are to have freedom in your courtship . 
 kane : how am i supposed to find comfort knowing that these injustices exist ? 
 leon : there 's a great word you should know , kane - chantpleure . 
 kane : chantpleure ? 
 leon stroked his beard , walking slowly through the sand so that kane could maintain pace with the wagon . 
 leon : it means to sing and weep at the same time . 
 sometimes it 's necessary that we chantpleure . 
 it 's difficult to make sense of our past decisions . 
 we look back and we ca n't understand how we could 've acted the way that we did . 
 there are events we place much meaning in at the time of their occurrence , events we consume ourselves with that lose meaning with time . 
 then there are events that are seemingly everyday occurrences when they happen , like a walk through the desert with a friend - and we do n't realize as it 's happening that the moment we 're living in will change our lives . 
 kane felt so comfortable at that moment that he considered telling leon what happened to usman kanaan . 
 but heart of the people stopped the group before a massive dune . 
 he spoke to leon . 
 leon related to kane and alma that heart of the people claimed to smell pigweeds in full bloom on the other side of the dune . 
 the one-armed percussionist adored the salt-sour leaf as a dental medicine . 
 what he did not know , however , was that consumption of the pigweed is ill-advised during pregnancy . 
 alma told kane that sometimes it might be necessary to eat roots . 
 sometimes you have to dig beneath the surface to contact survival - the answer is n't always just before your eyes . 
 and so the group would hike the dune , despite the fact that it was out of their way and it was sunset . 
 since the family was forbidden from navigating at night , this excursion would likely delay their bathing another day . 
 sucking chunks of ice , they began their ascent . 
 heart of the people seemed unfazed , marching upward like a steadfast soldier . 
 within moments , the tip of his bald head had sunk beneath the crest of the dune . 
 once alma was certain that heart of the people was out of sight , she stopped kane from continuing upwards with the wagon . 
 with a mischievous wink , she removed the secret vial of perfume from her blouse to hide it securely inside a lambskin sac of stones . 
 her skin had become sweaty , slippery , and irritated in the heat , and the glass vial was a nagging presence in her blouse , rubbing irritably under her sensitively swollen breasts - she waited until heart of the people disappeared from sight because he could never learn that she kept a glass vial , as the possession of glass explicitly violated his code . 
 her vial safely hidden , alma rushed ahead of leon and kane . 
 kane followed leon on an upward hike , scattering conversation topics between navigational skills , leon 's theory that the greatest and most misunderstood piece of literature ever written is the united states constitution , and another one of his theories that an idea is the most dangerous weapon in the world because it is immaterial , untamable , and unquantifiable . 
 kane cared for none of it - beads of sweat licking his temples as his breath drew short , pulling the wagon under the sun and through the sand , heavier with every step , breathing the pendulous rhythm of breath , ass itching like mad , praying that leon would be quiet for just one moment so kane could gather his concentration . 
 through experience , kane discovered that the wagon moved uphill more efficiently when he pulled in tremendous spurts of energy . 
 after every fourth beat in his head , he pulled the wagon several more inches through the sand . 
 one two three four - pull . 
 one two three four - pull . 
 a chorus of panting , heaving , struggling to suck thin gasps of air , the sinews tensing in his neck , capillaries thickening and pulsing in his eyes - one two three four - pull . 
 all thoughts transformed to alma . 
 how could he be so selfish , pitying himself for pulling a wagon when this marvelous woman was trudging through the sands with a beautiful child in tow ? 
 how could he be so numb to such an amazing experience ? 
 everything must be for the child - everything must be for alma who carried the child . 
 one two three four - the wagon became stuck in a rut in the sand . 
 suddenly the wagon became heavier . 
 kane dug his feet into the sand , pulling with every grain of strength and adrenaline and hope in his being , no longer worried about pulling the wagon upward but more focused on maintaining stasis , desperate for the wagon not to roll down and unravel his progress . 
 he battled the force of the wagon with the near-entirety of his conviction , his feet slipping in the sand as his heart convulsed and his breathing quickened and the blood-flow to his brain lessened to flirt with the point of paroxysm . 
 leon froze mid-theory when he noticed what was happening with kane and the wagon . 
 having conditioned his brain in fight or flight response in preparation for the staging of his suicide , leon sprung to kane 's assistance . 
 alas , he was too late . 
 desperately , kane dove after the falling wagon , landing face-first in the gritty sand . 
 lifting his sandy face , kane watched the family 's only wagon , containing all of their belongings , all that they had trusted kane to carry , crash and spill in the heated desert sand . 
 the pails of ice , the food , the clothing , provisions , the tent , the knives , the stones , the reinforcement parts for their instruments , the barrel of wine , and the wolf 's carcass all ensconced in sand - the box body of their only wagon cracked in two from the stress of the crash . 
 heart of the people emerged from beyond the crest of the dune to examine the commotion , his eyes flashing their infinite red as he beheld his lowly terror . 
 without hesitation , he shuffled hopelessly down the dune , left leg always lower , hollering in frenzied arabic . 
 kane rose , sifting frantic hands through the sand , dashing to help without even dusting his face . 
 leon halted kane . 
 leon : you 're not permitted to handle the contents of the wagon . 
 leon sidestepped cautiously down the dune . 
 kane watched as leon and his leader cleared the rubble of his mess , wallowing in guilt because this was his fault and he was left with no opportunity for redemption , forced to stand idle and impotent as he watched them attempt to reverse the disorder he created . 
 a hand on the crown of his head somehow lightened kane 's despair . 
 he peered into the sun behind him . 
 alma : mistakes happen . 
 if we never made mistakes , we 'd never learn anything . 
 we 'll be okay . 
 heart of the people roared with the thunder of the beast from below . 
 his eyes flashed and the sky turned red with fury . 
 in his one hand , he held alma 's vial of perfume high in the red sky . 
 heart of the people was challenged with the unnamable - a member of his family had carried a smoothly blown piece of glass , a material not found in nature , a relic from the society they had long ago renounced . 
 a member of his family who he provided for and who he sacrificed for and whose sins he carried across the land , had betrayed his simple code . 
 kane watched those red flashing eyes . 
 the glass vial dropped and shattered , perfuming the sand where the wagon had tipped , ensuring that the defiled patch of land will forever be stained with kane 's wagon-tipping folly . 
 heart of the people brought his one hand to the leopard 's fang at his neck . 
 kane could think only of alma and the purity of their child . 
 he sprinted down the dune with unmatched fervor , crashing at the knees of his leader , praying forgiveness in his useless language . 
 kane : it 's mine . 
 it was me . 
 i broke the code . 
 it 's my jar ! 
 eyes closed in a genuflection , kane raised his palms skyward to his leader , signifying an offer of whatever he possessed - surely the one-armed man will strike with wrathful vengeance , but in that moment kane would have endured any torture for alma 's protection . 
 heart of the people 's eyes flashed and kane felt the flames burn at his torched fingertips , producing ten controlled fires flickering from his fingers as they burned the blood-red candent coals of his hands , a genius pain in his fingerpads , scarring to ensure that he 'll relive this burn every time he touches his guitar or his woman . 
 the pain built and built and kane was certain his fingers would rot off , but he was n't sure whether he could stay awake to see his digits crumble into ash before passing out in agony . 
 this was n't a dream , nobody will wake . 
 it was either a loss of total control or a gain of complete mastery . 
 alas , the fire did n't spread . 
 it stayed controlled at his fingertips , flaring in the sky as kane bowed before heart of the people . 
 kane wished the fire would spread and end it all , for in his haste he could n't handle the ride , could n't out-think the bastardly pain . 
 but kane needed the pain - needed it more than he needed life . 
 kane saw god in his delirious pain . 
 he tried to speak to god , to say i was once you , i was once god . 
 his mind flashed back to train of power , when the secret shelter of the violet 9 mysteriously exploded , killing his faith in his god and his self . 
 heart of the people extinguished the flames from kane 's fingers . 
 kane hailand passed out in the sand . 
 heart of the people and alma sought help while leon kept watch over the spilled wagon and kane 's unconscious body . 
 alma knew precisely where heart of the people was leading her - a shepherd , whose name translated to mountain song , had been friends with the family since before alma found her anima in the lyre . 
 mountain song lived in a clay hut just a mile down the yunus trail . 
 heart of the people shared a strange intimacy with the shepherd in that they hardly spoke to one another , but when words were exchanged they were noticeably tense , as if the whole interim of silence had been spent deciding which words were necessary . 
 mountain song collected prayers . 
 there is a religious tradition in which the sons of jewish fathers travel to jerusalem to place their folded written prayers in the crevices between the bricks of the western wall of the old temple . 
 it is said among the ancient tribes that this wall has divine significance . 
 the crevices are finite in space , and the limited space prevents the wall from housing the prayers of all mankind for all its fated years . 
 to mitigate the issue , a team of rabbis goes to the wall twice a year to collect the folded prayers and bury them at the mount of olives . 
 so , twice a year , mountain song treks to the mount of olives to dig up the prayers of the people . 
 mountain song and his father were always entertaining children from nearby families , and alma 's greatest delight was to watch the children run through the sand . 
 though mountain song could n't play any instruments , he told wonderful stories , and he was such a silly man . 
 like alma , mountain song knew how it felt to really be dying - he suffered renal failure after years spent trying to break the world record for the longest continuous stream of urine . 
 he laughed about it . 
 he laughed because , though he felt pain , he was dying properly . 
 alma had resolved to do the same until kane ignited her with life . 
 as she walked the yunus trail , however , alma was petrified of her omnipotent chieftain . 
 with their food spoiled in the sand , there would be nothing to offer mountain song in exchange for his assistance - heart of the people was a man who considered the acceptance of alms to be injurious to his fundamental code of life , and he was about to ask another man for unreturned assistance . 
 she wondered what heart of the people would do to kane . 
 any of their past initiates would have been burned , honeyed , and left for the buzzards . 
 surely heart of the people recognized something unique in kane hailand . 
 kane saved her . 
 her lover took the fall when the blame was hers to claim , even though heart of the people would never have burned her as he burned kane . 
 she wanted nothing more than to comfort kane , for there was a sense in which to be held in heart of the people 's ill-esteem was somehow more fearful than a duel with the devil - at least with the devil , a man can brace for his inevitable loss . 
 alma caressed the budding life inside her belly . 
 she felt the sudden urge to urinate , an urge which struck more often since the conception . 
 heart of the people scowled at alma . 
 he knew the vial belonged to her . 
 of course he knew . 
 alma and heart of the people reached mountain song 's abode . 
 ever the gracious host , the shepherd saddled four of his strongest camels and trekked to the tipped wagon before sundown . 
 there they found kane and leon lying in the sand , sucking chips of ice , playing music . 
 kane 's scabbed fingers burned with every note they pressed into the fretboard . 
 the guitar song was lovely pain . 
 pain produced the music . 
 the troupe rode back to mountain song 's abode , teasing kane for never having ridden a camel before . 
 kane established an immediate connection with his camel , brushing his hand over the animal 's thick matted fur , observing its large teeth through shifting lips , its eyes like black melons . 
 saddled upon the camel 's hump , kane was impressed with the steady and peaceful rockabye all the way to mountain song 's abode . 
 following a strange meal of bananas and wolf meat , mountain song and his elderly father implored the band to play their music . 
 alma poured alcohol over kane 's fingers to disinfect the wounds , striking kane with such sharp pain he nearly lost his consciousness for the umpteenth time since he abandoned america . 
 heart of the people steadfastly refused the wolf 's meat , as wolf meat is abnormally tough and therefore harmful to his musical teeth . 
 he did , however , remove the hide from the vicious creature , cleaning blood from the fur and slitting the skin at the throat to wear as a headdress . 
 the wolf 's lifeless head rested upon heart of the people 's bald pate , effectively placing the one-armed man inside what was once the wolf 's neck , giving him the appearance of a one-man totem pole . 
 kane thought the wolfskin smelled almost as foul as the cormorant . 
 he watched heart of the people devour bananas and kiwi , chomping with his sharp teeth , smelling like dust . 
 this was the first time kane had ever witnessed anyone eat a kiwi with bare hands , although by this point kane had become accustomed to the postprandial sticky fingers . 
 mountain song 's wizened father again implored the band to play their music , but alma left the group to watch the neighborhood children giggle as they chased each other in a circle . 
 the children looked healthy , and this made her smile . 
 she was eager for the child inside her to be born with the same blessed health . 
 heart of the people was reluctant to show off in front of mountain song , but the scale of balance had unfortunately tipped with the wagon , and the drummer was indebted to the shepherd . 
 leon rocked the ney , heart of the people beat the drum , and mountain song meditated as kane watched alma play blind man 's bluff with the children in the moonlight . 
 with his burnt hands wrapped snugly in alma 's quilt , all should have been perfect . 
 but something inside of kane was inexplicably afraid . 
 kane hailand did n't sleep that night . 
 he waited for heart of the people to sleep - then he approached the ever-awake leon about seeking mountain song 's assistance in building a new wagon for the family . 
 leon thought this was an excellent idea . 
 mountain song kindly offered them a wagon of his own , but kane wisely denied the request , as it was imperative that he be the one responsible for building their new wagon - and besides , heart of the people could accept no alms outside the family . 
 coincidently , mountain song had installed an iron gate to house his herd , and his former wooden fence still stood , serving as nothing more than a nuisance . 
 the shepherd entreated kane to take wood from the old fence to build his wagon . 
 through the night , leon counseled kane on woodwork . 
 having kane as a companion in the darkness soothed leon . 
 he viewed their wagon-building as an opportunity to seek solace in another , to escape his nightly free-fall into the grating tunnel of waking nightmares . 
 the wood from mountain song 's fence was weak , but it would need to be strong enough to survive the toils of carrying materials through the stress of rough terrain , which required kane to apply sound woodwork to ensure that the wagon would n't falter . 
 leon unrolled heart of the people 's collection of hand-sharpened knives . 
 the red-handled dagger that the percussionist kept at his hip , kane noticed , was not among this collection . 
 leon taught kane to craft a dovetail joint to structure the wagon . 
 kane slaved , his scarred fingertips burning in an unseen throb . 
 after hours of work , he became either accustomed or numb to the pain . 
 alma awoke before sunrise , nauseous with the child in her womb . 
 she pulled splinters from her lover 's fingers . 
 a spec of blazing sun appeared above the pink mountains . 
 that spec of sun ascended , growing into a radiant orange semicircle , and no matter how kane adjusted his eyes , that sun seemed untouchable and beyond color . 
 the sun 's low angle highlighted kane hailand 's silhouette on the mountain , beaming strips of light in every direction , reflecting off the land . 
 then , as if to remind kane that the sun is the sun while kane is but a mortal , the sun rose at a fantastic pace , growing into a holographic disc of light , dyeing the sky with a palette of pastel hues , colorless and blinding , too omnipotent to bear . 
 no one said a word because words would be inadequate . 
 when heart of the people awoke , mountain song led the drummer to witness kane at work . 
 upon sight of kane , his eyes flashed beneath the wolfskin hood . 
 his stump danced excitedly and he delivered the slightest of nods before turning away to scavenge . 
 kane : who 's joining him on his scavenge ? 
 leon : i am . 
 kane : i can go . 
 leon : your fingers are too indelicate to scavenge . 
 your hands are too large . 
 besides - he and i have matters to discuss . 
 stay here with your lover - wagon-boy . 
 kane returned to his wagon-in-progress while alma played her lyre beside him . 
 this was kane 's first experience building anything other than a song . 
 as a superbly intellectual orphan , he was never taught to work with his hands - and as an artist who had achieved international fame , any physical labor required of him was dumped on the stage crew . 
 for a moment , kane could n't find his shadow . 
 then it appeared , dancing independently of his motion , tinted red from the sun . 
 mountain song approached with a box full of prayers for alma to translate into arabic . 
 alma attempted to work her poor arabic lexicon into a translation of the english prayers , but eventually they both tired of the communication gap . 
 mountain song sighed . 
 he told alma a story about a teenage prostitute who serviced a gypsy . 
 when the gypsy was n't looking , the girl drank his immortality potion . 
 living her immortal life , she watched the land , servicing the men of all times , studying the evolution of physical love through the ages - how the men tended to her , how they spoke and related with her , how they made love . 
 through these men she learned about humanity - she learned that humanity is a body , and each man serves a function akin to that of a blood cell . 
 cells bond , divide , die , and regenerate until the being , humanity , ultimately dies . 
 mountain song told alma that the girl is still alive and she will always be alive , servicing men as she has done for thousands of years . 
 she lives in a remote village in iran , and before she services a client she is always sure to say welcome back . 
 i have loved you before , as yours is the face of all men . 
 though kane could n't understand mountain song 's arabic , he watched the shepherd paint expressions of delight on alma 's face , and this made kane quite happy . 
 when he finished his story , mountain song implored alma to play music while he lay in his white robe in the sand , gazing into the sky . 
 alma -lrb- singing and strumming the lyre -rrb- : one good thing about music - when it hits you , you feel no pain . 
 kane looked up from his woodwork in disbelief . 
 alma 's voice was soulful - it was n't as powerful or as styled as anika 's , but it was just as fresh . 
 kane -lrb- aghast -rrb- : that 's bob marley . 
 alma : you thought i limited myself to classical art ? 
 kane : i misjudged you . 
 alma : unlike you , i was actually alive when marley played . 
 my dad drove me two hours to see him play the deeside leisure centre in chester . 
 it was his final world tour . 
 did you guys ever played the deeside ? 
 kane : we played the o2 . 
 alma : never heard of it . 
 kane : you must 've been a little kid at that concert . 
 alma : i was . 
 kane : they let a kid into a marley show ? 
 alma : that 's the beauty of his brilliance , jake . 
 even a child can understand it . 
 kane : that was anika 's only rule - no kids at the concert , only eighteen and older admitted . 
 she did n't want to corrupt them - she thought the youth was too precious . 
 alma : from what i gather of your music , she 's right - you wrote a song about screwing the life out of somebody . 
 kane paused to think . 
 alma : let me show you something . 
 alma walked toward kane and manipulated his fingers in a painful stretch over the fretboard of his guitar . 
 it felt as though she was trying to pry his fingers apart , and each individual digit was isolated in pain . 
 even after contorting his hand into a stubborn stretch , she was dissatisfied . 
 she moved his free hand toward the high end of the fretboard and positioned his fingers over the bottom three strings . 
 alma : hold that there . 
 kane could n't have moved his fingers if he wanted to because they were stretched so far that they had stiffened . 
 only kane hailand 's large hands could hold this chord . 
 alma picked up her lyre and placed her hands in position to play . 
 with a swift whirl , she strummed both her lyre and kane 's guitar in a fluid fashion . 
 the sound that rang drove through the soul of the world , carrying all unexplainable desire in its truth . 
 it was as though whatever notes the two of them played possessed a combination that unlocked the gates of paradise and all of its inhabitants rejoiced . 
 it made kane sweat . 
 it made him shiver . 
 alma leaned forward and shared a humble kiss with kane , smiling through soft lips . 
 alma : that 's called the chord of creation . 
 kane was speechless . 
 he had heard hank talk of that very phenomenon - the perfect chord . 
 the ancient greeks claimed that this was the sound that dawned on a sonic scale when the great mother created the heavens . 
 hank had discovered this chord by theorizing in his head , but he was never able to materialize the sound naturally . 
 he refused all assistance . 
 if he did n't do it himself , as it was done when the big bang blasted , he considered it false and insulting . 
 this frustration , kane partly believed , caused hank to abandon the piano - even the chord of creation can be made simple with assistance from machines . 
 alma : i never thanked you for what you did . 
 kane : i did n't do anything . 
 alma : you did n't have to take the fall for me . 
 i 'm a big girl . 
 kane : just some burnt fingers . 
 it was nothing . 
 alma : i think it was something worthy of a thank you . 
 kane : i 'd endure far worse for you . 
 alma knew how amazing it felt for kane to exhale the pain from his past . 
 he was once a strong man , but he had been broken , and to help him heal into an even stronger man was the most gratifying experience she could ever comprehend . 
 looking lustfully at kane , she said with her eyes everything she desired in her body . 
 she pulled the knife out of kane 's calloused hand and pounced on top of him . 
 kane -lrb- inches under alma -rrb- : i ca n't . 
 alma : you can . 
 kane : i have to finish the wagon . 
 alma rose from kane . 
 alma : you never played hooky before ? 
 kane -lrb- nodding his head toward mountain song -rrb- : he 's watching us . 
 alma : he 's sleeping . 
 watch this . 
 she waved her hand over mountain song 's face . 
 he made no response . 
 kane : can i ask you something ? 
 alma sat beside kane and lowered his head to her breast , prepared for any question he may have . 
 kane : leon always says he does n't want to know about what he left behind , but what if i know that something really terrible has happened to his father - alma : he does n't want to know . 
 kane : i know how it feels to not know the fate of your own parents , and if i had the opportunity to learn something about my family then i 'd do anything for it . 
 alma : you 're a very brave man , jake - braver than you know . 
 but leon wants to ignore everything that 's happened since he left society . 
 i think he 's up to something , but he 'd never admit it to me . 
 kane : what do you mean ? 
 alma : i do n't really know . 
 this is n't just an aimless wander , kane . 
 heart of the people is planning something very big , and i 'm not quite sure what it might be . 
 alma pulled a photograph from her blouse and showed it to kane . 
 alma : you left this behind when you ran to catch the falling wagon . 
 kane observed the photograph , wrinkled and sandy , nearly split down the middle between the two infants as if to pry kane 's grip from the other child 's leg . 
 alma : you were a twin . 
 kane tried to speak . 
 he had never before spoken the truth about his birth or that picture , and now that he wanted to , it would n't leave his lips . 
 alma gazed into kane 's face , divining through the wormhole of his pupils . 
 alma : you do n't have to say it . 
 i know . 
 alma stood , stripped naked , and darted into the vast land . 
 kane rose , stripped , and chased his frolicking lover . 
 as the lovers pranced naked into the wilderness , mountain song winked one eye open and giggled to himself . 
 by the time heart of the people and leon returned with a pail half-full of dead gerbils , kane had completed the wagon . 
 though the percussionist never said so , alma told kane that heart of the people was impressed with kane 's work . 
 she said heart of the people admired a man who took initiative , a man who understood repentance for mistakes . 
 the next day , the family was set to leave . 
 mountain song had given them a generous amount of vegetables so that they would have something to trade for soap at the bath . 
 leon and alma loaded the wagon while heart of the people spoke to mountain song . 
 though kane could n't understand a word exchanged between these two great men , he judged by the distance between their faces that their conversation was unmistakably dense . 
 the family thanked mountain song , and alma left a doll she knitted for the children . 
 they parted ways . 
 the family 's destination , long overdue , was the most glorious bath in the world . 
 following his navigator , kane pulled the wagon through the sun-drenched outdoors , hiding from the sun , surmising what the most glorious bath in the world could possibly look like . 
 his burnt fingertips roared in torment as he dragged his new wagon through the desert valley dirt , trailing far behind heart of the people because the stench of the wolf 's pelt on the chieftain 's head was insufferable . 
 the family encountered an abnormally frequent display of wildlife - hundreds of animals ranging from insects to a slobbering pack of rank hyenas that instinctually flocked to kane . 
 sensing the land through his bare feet , heart of the people beat the drum , the red blade winking in the sunlight at his waist . 
 leon played the ney and alma played her lyre , a black iris in her ear . 
 with the guitar strung round his neck , kane aligned his walk to the rhythm of their music so that the body of his guitar caromed off his stomach with every beat . 
 he was fixated on the phrase alma whispered to wake him that morning - if you have laughter , you have everything . 
 what could have inspired her to say this and how could she have summoned the gift of saying something so simple yet so true ? 
 kane bounced the phrase around his head , shaping it and feeling it for contour and sound . 
 as a songwriter , a phrase in his head used to terrorize kane hailand . 
 when a phrase appeared in his head he immediately panicked to remove it , as if the phrase were a parasite set to detonate in seconds . 
 he kept a pen and a pocket-notebook on his person at all times because if the pen did n't remove the parasitical phrase from his head within an instant it would fester and intumesce . 
 if you have laughter , you have everything . 
 alma 's phrase was so pleasant . 
 no matter how he played with this phrase in his cranium , he wanted to continue his play . 
 the family came to a tributary in their travels . 
 the water , brown and mucky , running ankle-deep and lined with algae , could n't possibly have been the most glorious bath in the world . 
 heart of the people filled the empty pails with water , filtering euglena and diatom from the murky water through a cloth that alma stretched over the pail . 
 though this water would indeed require an intensive purification process , it was imperative that they refill their empty pails because , as leon explained , although this particular water would be reduced to mud when compared to the glorious waters that awaited them at the bath , a good traveler prepares for any unexpected hindrance . 
 kane : can i tell you a story i 've never told anybody ? 
 leon : certainly . 
 kane : i want alma to hear . 
 leon : alma . 
 alma turned back from her great distance ahead . 
 she lifted her hand from the lyre and waved adorably under the sunlight . 
 leon : wait there . 
 kane has a story to share . 
 kane and leon caught up to alma . 
 alma : what is it ? 
 kane : i never thought i 'd tell anyone this . 
 kane paused . 
 frustrated , he strummed a quick and aggravated chord on his guitar . 
 kane removed the crumpled photo from his blue jean pocket . 
 alma already knew what he was about to say . 
 kane : hank adaline 's mom told me she 's my mother as well . 
 she said hank and i were twins . 
 leon : i thought you grew up in an orphanage . 
 kane : i did . 
 there 's no record of my biological parents . 
 leon : your parents gave away just one twin ? 
 kane : i was left on the doorstep of the orphanage , wrapped in a blanket labeled jacob - no last name . 
 leon : would hank 's mother have any incentive to claim to be your mother if it were n't true ? 
 kane : i think she needed a better son than hank . 
 alma : why ? 
 kane : hanks ' mom hates him . 
 alma -lrb- instinctively protecting her stomach with her hand -rrb- : she hates her own son ? 
 kane : hank ca n't identify with the kid in his baby pictures . 
 he says he feels nothing when he looks at a picture of himself as a child - he says it 's like looking at a picture of a complete stranger . 
 leon : do you and hank have the same birthday ? 
 kane : there 's no record of my birthday . 
 i have no birth certificate . 
 i 'm not sure that i was ever made a citizen of any country . 
 leon : you carry an american passport . 
 kane : it 's a fake . 
 our manager had it made so we could tour internationally . 
 alma : what 's the birthdate on the passport ? 
 kane : september 9th . 
 coincidentally , hank and anika were both born on september 9th - so i just celebrate their birthday as my own . 
 it became a holiday among scoundrels fans . 
 leon : have n't you investigated this theory that you and hank are twins ? 
 kane : i do n't really care . 
 i never had a mother and i do n't need one . 
 if she did n't want me , then what kind of mother would she have been for me anyhow ? 
 alma : but between you and hank - kane : it would n't matter if hank and i were brothers - it would n't change anything . 
 alma -lrb- holding kane 's hand -rrb- : okay . 
 kane : his mom says we were born fighting . 
 she says we 'll fight all our lives as all men will fight all their lives . 
 she says hank will win - she says he 's a menace and he does n't deserve to win but he 'll win because he 's stronger than me . 
 alma : do you think that 's true ? 
 kane : the part about the fighting - sure . 
 i 've been fighting him from the moment i met him . 
 i 'm still fighting him . 
 if somebody 's going to win , it 'll be hank . 
 leon : you do n't believe that . 
 kane : hank adaline is a hunter , a born attacker . 
 you should see him on that piano - he has the hands of the devil . 
 i 'm not like that . 
 i was born simple . 
 alma : i ca n't find one simple quality in you , kane hailand . 
 kane pulled the wagon through the muck , his footprints intersecting a strange trail of leopard prints . 
 all thoughts were consumed by rhythm , the body of the guitar beating against his chest to the tempo of his wagon-pulling . 
 when at last the family had crossed the river , kane looked up to see a sight he had n't beheld in any dream . 
 heart of the people stopped the group before a tunnel of trees . 
 he took several steps into the tree tunnel and sat on a mossy rock aside a miniature stream , pines looming high over their heads . 
 leon : kane , you are not prepared for what you are to see . 
 i 'll take the wagon from here . 
 kane surrendered the wagon to leon , walking forth and looking high into the trees above him . 
 scattered sunlight poked through the leaves , diaphanous like a moth-eaten curtain . 
 the sunlight became stronger as he progressed through his path , until there were no leaves , just sun . 
 kane lowered his head . 
 ensue bucolic wonder - showtime , draw the curtain . 
 a mellifluous melody sang through the open chamber and diamonds of sunlight glimmered on the water 's surface , chiming tintinnabulations like a glass orchestra . 
 kane hailand stood surrounded by a ring of cliffs coated with greenery , bursting with ethereal delight . 
 colorful flowers rained from the trees , enlivening the land . 
 the people played in the water , naked , blithe and carefree , enmeshed in euphoria . 
 opposite kane , built far into the ring of rock , was a tumbling waterfall . 
 alma stripped naked . 
 heart of the people and leon stripped as well . 
 alma : you do n't mask your body with clothing , jake . 
 not here . 
 shed all clothing and sprint naked . 
 all his life kane had been told not to run naked , but kane was born naked and who are these so-called authorities from his past to tell him , nay , demand of him that he ca n't be as he was born ? 
 escaping the chains of cloth persecution , kane dropped his guitar , removed his sweater , his undershirt , his jeans , and his tattered sneakers . 
 he wobbled over rocks toward the water . 
 heart of the people approached a naked trader for some soap . 
 the family lifted their instruments , clutching their animas against their naked flesh . 
 leon : welcome to the bath . 
 heart of the people has requested that you join us in song . 
 heart of the people beat the drum with expert rhythm . 
 leon attended his ney and alma 's two hands graced the lyre like calculated arachnids . 
 the birds capped the harmony and the waterfall batted a rhythmic roll onto the water , opening the plants ' stomata to breathe the song of the lagoon and enhance the growth of life . 
 the creatures in the water all turned to revel in the music as kane brought his burnt fingers to the guitar , aghast in awe , for every moment was a dream . 
 before he played each note he listened closely to the others , feeling their sound , eyes closed , forming the shape of their music in his head to discover what notes could perhaps serve as addenda . 
 kane hailand composed to the gap because music , sound , is about silence . 
 he had never truly listened to music in this fashion , not to his own music or to any other sound - to truly listen and become engulfed in melody so that all the universe is song . 
 this was a feeling he often provided for others yet had never experienced , and the high splendor of this sacred moment resonated in his soul . 
 he listened and picked the sounds with his guitar , not thinking but playing - exuding the music . 
 the family walked toward the water as they played - the drum , the ney , and lyre all guiding kane 's guitar . 
 his feet ached with every step , but he moved onward , anxious to feel the water 's cold relief upon his heated skin . 
 choral rock encased the great chamber of the pond , resting sternly in a ring , draped with roots and vines from age-old trees . 
 kane stepped into the icy pool , a ring of rock before him and the tunnel of trees behind him . 
 once-wandering kane hailand was now at one with sanctified nature . 
 the family stepped into the icy pool , leaving their instruments on the rocks at the edge of the water . 
 the bath was shaking in coldness . 
 to the waterfall , he must continue . 
 water splashed swiftly into the growing pond , free falling from the sky , spraying misty debris and cooling the naked natural air . 
 having eased into the cold , kane submerged his body and swam , embracing the water as his new coat of freedom . 
 he kicked lightly , flapping his arms like the wings of an aquatic condor , propelling his body forth , transfixed with the water falling from the sky , unable to locate a source but content knowing that the water cascaded from the land above unto his humble head . 
 splash lightly , gently , cool and pleasant - surreal . 
 earthly pleasures cum divine - listen to the crackle of the water , pattering infinitely on the level surface above kane hailand 's head as he communicated with colorful fish . 
 the waterfall is god 's music , and not even hank adaline 's piano could contend . 
 mist , wetness , pleasure heretofore unknown - solace in solitude among the masses . 
 kane shared this moment with all who were there , all who were here . 
 the sirens had left long ago , yet their song was still embedded within the mossy crags and plummeting water . 
 the flowers , trees , rocks , and people joined in hand , cohabiting in merriment . 
 at last kane reached the fall . 
 he held his singed hand under the falling water and watched closely as the droplets broke upon his palm like gentle explosions , small in space but epic in magnitude , healing his burns . 
 water fell white and cold and made him feel alive . 
 he kicked off the wall and away from the fall , the mist landing lighter upon his tattooed face . 
 two hands cradled his head , and he felt alma 's naked breasts smooth and slippery on the flesh of his back . 
 he felt her body wrap around his , enveloping him in love , the blooming product of their two souls brewing in her womb . 
 embracing kane , naked , wearing her badge of flesh in eden , alma spoke into his soul . 
 alma : look up . 
 kane abided . 
 the pale blue sky affronted by the horseshoe cliffs , the vines , the raining flowers , and the mermaid 's song were all in beautiful harmony , but oh , although they were fantastic , superb and wondrous in sight and delight , they seemed to all exist for the central life , the all-purveyor , the catalyst - the waterfall . 
 high above , painted a golden white hue of an angel 's aureole by the high sun above , the world froze and the fall became an optical illusion seemingly frozen like a solid mass in the non-existence of time . 
 a flash amidst the sun , just over the quieted cliffs - a flash , a moment , brief , but strong and ever-enduring - god . 
 kane saw god in the water . 
 he recognized god in an instant just as surely as one recognizes one 's self . 
 cradled in his lover 's embrace , a smile stretching over his face , kane spoke silently to his great creator who stopped the world to speak to him . 
 thank you , kane said , for this sweet earth runs on your breath , and all is right . 
 kane smiled at the water and the flowers hanging over the fall , brushed by serene sunlight . 
 floating with the water and the fish and the people in the mountains , all was right . 
 alma : what should we name it , jake ? 
 alma and kane bathed each other . 
 kane plucked a raining flower from the air and placed it behind alma 's ear . 
 she placed an identical flower in his ear . 
 he stood , wet and cool and clean . 
 a cool caress of wind kissed kane 's moistened flesh . 
 water came down from the sky . 
 kane basked in the amazing and rarified gift of rain . 
 looking into the waters for the first time since he had stumbled into wilderness , kane saw his reflection . 
 wavy and contorted in the rain-rippled bath , he examined his countenance . 
 his tattoo , when reversed in reflection , appeared as he had originally intended it . 
 he still could n't make out its meaning . 
 a horizontal line of cracked skin slashed across the tattoo where he habitually scrunched his brow . 
 his hair had grown considerably , looking almost as it looked before he ever cut his hair to form the scoundrels and don the jester 's hat . 
 his beard , now full , was brilliant and tawny , robust and full of character - far more comfortable and natural than his trademark mustache from his days as a jester for the scoundrels . 
 he felt contentedness , a feeling he had n't felt since anika had taken his feelings away . 
 his hair and eyes , renewed in vitality , were no longer the hair and eyes of kane hailand , international phenomenon , jester and god , controller of light - these were the hair and eyes of jake , the luster-struck adolescent poet who had yet to ever happen upon the maddened piano genius . 
 the rain ceased , and the land emanated the sweet smell of petrichor . 
 kane 's reflection became full and clear and unified . 
 the family dried in the gentle wind and resumed their clothing and their instruments . 
 kane grabbed the wagon-handle , and they wandered back through the tunnel of trees from whence they came - beneficent fortune had even been so kind as to prompt heart of the people to leave his stinking wolf 's head behind . 
 the family traveled , again with no destination . 
 alma lay in the bed of the wagon because the walking was affecting her pregnant nausea . 
 after playing music with the family at the bath , kane predicted that heart of the people would perhaps increase his acknowledgement toward kane , but these hopes proved to be in vain . 
 pulling alma in his torn and tattered sneakers , kane delighted in the sound of his lover 's lyre , reminiscing , smiling as an elder at his former angst , finally youthful again . 
 kane : the billboard charts read as a list of music that kids listen to , which implies that the least experienced listeners dictate the download sales . 
 alma : what 's a download sale ? 
 kane : on the internet . 
 alma : people actually use the internet ? 
 kane -lrb- laughing -rrb- : the world is much different than the one you left behind . 
 alma : kids have always chosen what music was popular . 
 the beatles , elvis , any big name you want to throw out there , they 've never had many fans that were older than them . 
 kane : why do you think ? 
 alma : kids are the only listeners who are open to change . 
 without kids , music would never evolve . 
 the youth gives us change - they give us evolution . 
 they ensure that we 're never settled in our stubborn ways . 
 that 's why the youth is so precious . 
 alma rubbed a hand over her belly . 
 kane stopped the wagon to hold his hand over hers , man and woman , mother and father , with their hands protecting the bulb of the child . 
 kane laid a kiss on alma 's perfect lips . 
 kane : i used to consider my songs to be my children . 
 alma : looking after so many kids can make you crazy . 
 kane : hence the tattoo . 
 kane : i had a favorite kid . 
 alma : which one ? 
 kane : light shattered - the song i wrote about the baltasar kanaan 's - leon 's - essays on cosmology . 
 alma : maybe you could pick that one out on the guitar for me . 
 kane : it 's not the same without the anika vocal . 
 alma : i do n't care about the anika vocal . 
 i want the jake vocal . 
 kane : i always wore a military tunic made of light - except when we played light shattered . 
 for my favorite song , i changed into a different tunic , a colorful tunic . 
 alma : that 's lovely . 
 kane smiled , following leon and heart of the people with his lover in the wagon . 
 leon and heart of the people had been spending a lot of time alone as of late . 
 at first kane thought they were sequestering themselves so as to give kane and alma privacy , but when examined closely , leon and heart of the people had retreated into secrecy in moments that were not conducive to kane and alma 's courtship . 
 they did this at mountain song 's abode and again at the bath . 
 leon slowed to teach kane about heart of the people 's navigational choices . 
 leon rattled off his teachings in an excited list that at first made no sense to kane . 
 one method , which leon did n't particularly care for , was to observe moss on trees - in the northern hemisphere , moss always grows thicker on the southern side of the tree . 
 the sun and stars , leon said , were most dependable , except for when it was n't sunny or when the stars were occluded . 
 never use the moon to navigate - the moon will always fool you . 
 pay attention to heat and light - due to the path of the sun , rocks and trees are lighter and slightly hotter on the sides that face southeast to southwest . 
 heart of the people is so skilled in this aspect of navigation that he can sense heat with his skin . 
 wind and shadows , those that are n't there , can be of inestimable value . 
 as leon offered expertise on the wandering life of a vagabond , kane could only think of what happened to usman kanaan after his son 's alleged suicide - leon was always adamant in his analyses of human nature , yet he was equally adamant that he never receive any news of the recent status of global affairs , and the secret was festering inside kane . 
 what kane did n't know was that larger secrets , secrets that pertained to kane and the world at large , were festering inside leon . 
 leon : he sees something . 
 leon and kane caught up to heart of the people , dragging pregnant alma in the wagon . 
 in the lower golden grasslands of the wilderness , feasting over prey with a pack of wolves , was a human child . 
 the child , about six years old by alma 's estimation , ravaged the prey with the wolves . 
 balancing on all fours , stark naked , he tore the raw flesh from the prey using only his teeth , clenching his jaws , shaking his head with great vigor to tear the flesh , driblets of blood speckling his dirt-strewn face . 
 the family watched from the hills above as the boy growled at a wolf that wished to share the carcass . 
 a wolf was showing teeth with its slavering jaws , eyes set and determined to teach the boy a lesson in eat or be eaten , and this human child shows his teeth right back . 
 the boy dived face-first into the prey , gnawing at raw flesh . 
 the vagabonds watched in amazement . 
 alma : we have to save him . 
 leon : it 's not our responsibility to save that boy . 
 alma -lrb- a protective hand over her stomach , with conviction -rrb- : it most certainly is . 
 leon : what happens , alma ? 
 we save the child , and then what ? 
 alma : we teach him to love . 
 the child pranced on all fours , wrestling and playing with the wolf pack . 
 at times the child stood on two legs , galloping awkwardly with a hunched back , hands cupped and stiff like claws . 
 leon : this is a boy who has been raised by wolves , alma . 
 alma : he 's still a human child . 
 leon : do you expect this boy who knows nothing of his own species to learn to love us ? 
 do you expect him to find his anima ? 
 we would be his captors , alma . 
 alma : i do n't see it that way . 
 leon : do you wish to give this boy him a name ? 
 alma : of course . 
 leon : who are we to name this child ? 
 alma : we named heart of the people . 
 leon : he does n't acknowledge that as his name ! 
 below , the boy ran his fingers through the coat of one of the wolves , picking insects from the wolf 's fur . 
 after cleaning the wolf , he lay on the ground for several wolves to lick him . 
 one of the wolves licked a small open wound at the boy 's hip , sanitizing the child as any caring mother would clean her son who had come home dirty from play . 
 leon : he certainly wo n't name himself - a feral child knows no language . 
 alma : how do you know he 's a feral child ? 
 leon : look at him . 
 he acts as a wolf , fighting against them for his share of the kill . 
 this boy is no longer human . 
 alma : we could teach him to be like us . 
 leon : there 's a critical period in human development in which children reach a point where they are no longer capable of developing certain civilized constructs , like language . 
 the boy pranced with the wolves - slavering , sniffing , clawing , and spitting . 
 when the wolves howled the child howled in an equally perfect tone , speaking with the wolves as it could never speak to alma . 
 two wolf cubs sucked milk from their mother 's teats , and the fondness in the child 's eye suggested to kane that the boy might have been raised on that same milk . 
 kane knew almost nothing about children other than that they thought in marvelous questions , they were known to cry in public , and they contorted their faces for amusement - but this child raised by wolves seemed a stranger to tears and funny faces . 
 kane : he looks happy . 
 alma : he can be happier with us . 
 leon : i have expressed my sentiments about taking this boy in , yet you remain obstinate . 
 i have a proposal for you , alma . 
 alma : okay . 
 leon : we test kane 's ability . 
 if the child gravitates toward kane , as we have witnessed all animals gravitate toward kane , then the child may be said to have the blood of the wolf , and therefore we can not adopt him as our own . 
 alma : and if he stays put ? 
 leon : then you may try to coax him along with us - granted he seems to oblige . 
 alma -lrb- squeezing kane 's hand -rrb- : go ahead . 
 kane walked forth . 
 the wolves dashed to meet him . 
 alma prayed that the child would stay while the wolves jumped for kane . 
 she wished to foster the boy , to make a home for him and nurture him to grow with her family . 
 alma was enamored with every child she ever saw , but this particular boy was special . 
 leon was right - the child was n't quite human . 
 to alma , the child was an angel . 
 though the budding life inside her belly was promising enough to heal her health , the presence of a living child in her life - for her to raise and teach him love and love only so that he may live in harmony , was a prospective resurrection . 
 this was to be the culmination of her life 's work . 
 children are supposed to see things the rest of us have lost the ability to see , they are supposed to play fantastic games that we 've forgotten the rules to - children surf waves that we 've forgotten we once surfed . 
 the light of god in the child 's eye told alma that this was to be fate . 
 and fate spoke - the child did not move with the wolves . 
 the immediacy of this boy becoming her child was overwhelming that for a moment alma became so light-headed that she nearly swooned . 
 excitedly , alma followed kane toward the child who had not moved with the wolves . 
 shedding all sickness , alma darted across the field for her boy . 
 the child , startled at the presence of this strange being , glowered threateningly at alma . 
 she opened her arms in a gesture of love , to say i will be your mother and i will give you all i have . 
 the child , apparently eager to live in his new home , trotted toward alma with awkward speed . 
 nearly crying with joy , she anticipated the coming embrace with a mother 's love , foreseeing a grand vision of the child jumping into her open arms . 
 the boy raced toward alma with desire in his eyes . 
 he tackled her to the ground , clawing her stomach with ungroomed fingernails , snapping his jaws , biting her swollen stomach in vicious offense before fleeing into the wilderness as alma wailed mercy . 
 what functions will he serve who survives man ? 
 hope squandered , mistrusting of solace , alma was reminded of a quote she read in aristotle - without law , man is the worst of animals . 
 alma -lrb- beaten and bleeding -rrb- : it all goes so fast , does n't it ? 
 two days later , alma miscarried her pregnancy . 
 * * * track 6 : the nameless stranger alma broke from a vicious dream into an even grimmer reality . 
 she opened her eyes to no effect . 
 silver-styled patterns flowed through her vision in a way that made everything seem invisible . 
 the family had been staying in a cave by the sea for nearly a lunar cycle , and every wakeup since she lost the baby had been dimmer than the wakeup before , her vision fast fading along with her life , the silver-spotted patterns having morphed into blobs that bond like blood cells to form an inescapable field of silver impressions . 
 the silver-streaked flurry of alma 's vision darkened into a cavernous disco-ball of geodesic light , and beat by beat the silver spots have dimmed to a blind black . 
 is blackness , she wondered dimly , eternal and infinite , or is it paper-thin and no larger than my eyeholes ? 
 she was cripplingly exhausted . 
 god , she had discovered , will never grant her a child . 
 the sun had not yet risen and there was no scent of her lover . 
 she felt for kane beside her , slapping her hand against the cold cave floor because no one was there . 
 tears streamed slowly down her nose and her hair as she lay , a crushed lotus tucked behind her ear , her once-amorous eyes now glazed over like dewy blue marbles . 
 her brain told her body to follow the vibration of kane 's sonorous guitar , but her body would n't comply . 
 she accepted her impending death because her duty to the rolling passage of the human species will be accomplished when kane hailand finds his anima in the guitar . 
 alma had confusedly lost track of day and night , and she was far too embarrassed to ask for assistance . 
 she convinced herself that kane never slept . 
 this was incorrect . 
 in fact , kane slept cozy in her arms through each night , the six guitar strings permanently indented in the nape of his neck - but no matter how closely kane slept beside alma , kane always slept alone because alma was n't fully there . 
 while alma had been slowly stepping into darkness , kane was reclaiming his abilities with light . 
 other performers tried to exercise their creativity by creating laser light shows with fantastic color , yet the laws that govern light confined those who use light as a tool . 
 kane hailand created the laws that govern light , and as their creator , he knew what lay beyond them . 
 whenever a melody materialized in kane 's head , he felt a tingling glow in his fingertips , marking a faultless intuition that guided him to stab the perfect note . 
 kane had no shadow in the cave . 
 while leon and heart of the people spent their days walking , eating , and trading with herdsmen , kane spent his days playing music . 
 he worked tirelessly at his guitar in hopes that one day soon he will conquer the instrument and become the mystic that nurses alma back to health - alma had n't yet told kane that she resolved to die . 
 kane hailand watched alma wake . 
 it was late afternoon and the sunlight crept into the cave . 
 absorbing alma 's effortless grace , kane morphed with his guitar to let it sing his every thought - the slight curve of her spine , vertebrae by vertebrae , streaking down her back from a billow of floral-scented chestnut hair to her ambrosial femininity hiding beneath the hand-stitched quilt , with a scent that can only be described as alma , the slow draws of her sweet-breathing harmony , the ever-wrenching melancholia of a woman in sorrow , wishing to bring her back , to reignite her hope with a child inside her that will recreate her will to endure . 
 this type of thought used to irk kane in the days of anika handel , but with alma he was able to shed all burdens through the notes of his guitar so that all that remained were thoughts of love , thoughts of peace - kane hailand had never thought these thoughts . 
 alma whispered his name through a thin rasp of her delicate beauty . 
 kane offered no response because kane was in the combat sphere , the centered vault of the rebel 's thought in which he can be bothered or distracted by nothing . 
 he 'll play his guitar until the sun moves to set because when the sun sets it will be setting to kane 's music - kane hailand will set the sun . 
 he had carved grooves into the fretboard so that his hand could rest more comfortably when playing the chord of creation with alma . 
 but alma no longer expressed much interest in her lyre . 
 the song kane was currently playing , alone in myth , was the last song that kane hailand the jester ever wrote for the scoundrels , about the cyclic destruction of man in his search to outdo the beauty endowed to him by god . 
 hank adaline refused to record alone in myth . 
 he never even wrote a piano accompaniment . 
 when kane tattooed his forehead and fled into the wilderness , alone in myth was nothing more than a series of sketched notes in a notepad , a graphite-scratched representation of every unrealized beauty that kane never knew - now it was a song , interpreted through the six strings of kane 's guitar . 
 alone in myth was a plea for someone to come along and heal all destruction , while kane himself had just healed the broken fragments of alone in myth - kane hailand was living his art . 
 this was yet another new kane hailand , the neophyte warrior of song . 
 the family first settled in the cave when alma took sick , because the cave provided the entropic sense of shelter required for her recuperation . 
 kane felt a certain sense in which there was nowhere to go and another sense in which it was okay that there was nowhere to go because the cave was lovely - every so often kane would hear the delicate pluck of a moist drop falling from the hanging stalactites , and it always sounded wonderfully akin to alma 's lyre . 
 the cave 's acoustic chamber of branchwork rock gave the music a physical body like a natural amphitheater on the shore . 
 kane played his guitar , striving to revitalize his lover with every note . 
 heart of the people had set up his tent in the cave . 
 he and leon spent much of their time in this tent . 
 kane secretly joked with alma about the paradoxical implications that come with pitching a tent inside a cave , but to his leader and to leon he did n't dare question their conduct . 
 as far as they knew , kane hailand 's only preoccupation was his attack on the guitar . 
 dutifully , kane attacked his guitar , his stomach churning queasily to grind the meal of locusts from the night before . 
 though scavenges and hunts had been weak , kane learned to covet the slight hunger . 
 food was copious when he was a bona fide rock star , and even when he lived in the orphanage he had never truly been hungry . 
 the organic struggle with his own blooming physicality made him feel alive , but kane could not be bothered by his physicality in this moment because kane was in the combat sphere , playing alone in myth , and all was music to kane . 
 when alas he played the closing refrain , a somber trail of hopeful notes on the bottom two strings he could n't name , he rose from the rocks to fetch water for alma . 
 lately alma had been exceptionally weak upon wakeup . 
 her sleep-sessions were becoming more frequent and more painful . 
 she no longer dreamt in pictures , only in black sound . 
 at first this was terrifying , but she soon became accustomed as she would with any change . 
 exerting all waking effort , alma clapped a timid round of applause for alone in myth . 
 kane -lrb- pouring water into alma 's mouth -rrb- : you know , the scoundrels discouraged applause . 
 alma -lrb- a sip , tightening her stomach to muster a reply -rrb- : why ? 
 alma coughed . 
 it consumed her . 
 kane nursed her calmly until she could breathe again . 
 kane : clapping is such an arbitrary act . 
 so , instead of clapping , our fans would shout the name of whatever song they wanted to hear next . 
 whatever title caught my fancy was the song we 'd play . 
 alma : that 's just as arbitrary . 
 kane : so it is - i never thought about it that way . 
 a stranger stumbled into the cave . 
 clad in denim jeans and a chenille overcoat , hair close-cropped and face freshly-shaven , with a lit cigarette in his trembling hand , he was foaming at the mouth with one eye swollen shut , flailing his arms , sputtering nonsense . 
 heart of the people and leon emerged from the tent , noses piqued to investigate . 
 kane moved to follow them . 
 leon : stay with alma . 
 kane dropped the guitar and darted toward alma , shielding her from the rabid lunatic in the cave . 
 alma , blind to all , heard only terror in her family 's voices , the gargles of the madman , teetering in an arrhythmic clamor of rocky footsteps - the cacophonous music of monsters with no faces . 
 kane was mesmerized . 
 here was a man who looked like no human kane had seen since he fled his former life - a clean-shaven , olive-fleshed , greasy-haired kid who showed no visible indications of the dirt-smudged skin that plagues a nomad - and he entered their home to have a seizure . 
 heart of the people and leon paced toward the stranger , exercising as much caution as if they had spotted a sleeping shark . 
 heart of the people shouted , but the stranger could n't speak to answer . 
 he only doddered forth in his stupor , gurgling spit-dried nothingness , trying not to swallow his tongue . 
 leon : who are you ? 
 the stranger dropped his cigarette , nearly falling over . 
 it was necessary that leon and heart of the people continue to speak in both arabic and english , as they were unsure which language , if either , the incapacitated stranger understood . 
 heart of the people screamed in his arabic . 
 leon followed with translation . 
 leon : we are here to help . 
 the stranger continued convulsing in an epileptic apoplexy . 
 leon became more desperate , shouting in a muddle of all ten of his languages , all of which seemed ineffective . 
 kane -lrb- shouting -rrb- : for god 's sake , help him ! 
 kane hugged alma beneath him , crushing her with a protective instinct because there was a complete stranger making violent noises in her home , and she knew this but she could n't see it happening . 
 the stranger collapsed to the cave floor . 
 a letter flew out from his coat . 
 leon stooped to read the letter . 
 when evidently he had finished , he turned to his chieftain with a stupefied look of alarm . 
 leon and heart of the people proceeded in arabic , conversing as the nameless stranger screamed his way through a violent seizure , not in language but in sound , mangled on the cave floor . 
 with his one arm , heart of the people unsheathed the blade at his waist . 
 this was the first time kane saw the oft-pondered object of his curiosity - a double-sided red-diamond-studded dagger of saw-toothed red steel containing an amber-sealed human eyeball in the butt of a handle made of pure ruby . 
 kane 's stomach lurched into a squirming mass of lead and he nearly vomited locusts on alma . 
 the convulsing stranger tried to utter prayers but instead sprayed spittle in the cave . 
 kane recalled the fiery punishment he once accepted for the presence of the glass vial . 
 with a conviction that he never knew until then , kane was certain that he did the right thing in accepting the punishment . 
 he did it for alma , because maybe he should love her and maybe she deserved to be loved , because there was a part of him that knew he must atone for all the selfish harm that he inflicted upon others . 
 but to think that heart of the people - kane struggled to produce the words in his head . 
 something inside him did n't want to face whatever he sensed the ruby knife would bring . 
 leon bowed his consent to heart of the people and accepted the blade . 
 remorsefully , unblinking , leon drifted toward kane and alma , the blade resting on his palms . 
 alma struggled to breathe under the terror of kane 's desperate clutches . 
 the cave smelled like death . 
 leon approached , closer , as alma shivered in threatening pain . 
 leon laid the blade before kane . 
 leon : kill him . 
 kane watched leon 's face for a smirk or a slight twinge in his brow or any other unknown subtlety that could possibly signal for twisted humor , but what he saw was the usual somber black-beaded eyes , the chain of islet moles leading from leon 's eye to his two loops of whacky beard , the defeated countenance of the man who once transformed kane hailand 's worldview , ordering him to kill . 
 kane -lrb- trying to fake a laugh -rrb- : what ? 
 no . 
 leon said nothing . 
 kane : i 'm not gon na kill him . 
 leon -lrb- sighing -rrb- : this is n't a request , kane . 
 kane -lrb- shielding alma , whimpering beneath him -rrb- : you do n't give me any credit . 
 you do n't see how far i 've come . 
 it 's a test . 
 it 's a stupid test and i 'm beyond this . 
 leon : it 's not a test . 
 kane : i remember everything you told me - violence is the weapon of the weak . 
 leon : look at me , kane . 
 this man has been bit by the xantippe cobra . 
 the venom will have eaten him long before we can reach help . 
 he is numb now , but in two minutes he will suffer the worst agony known to nature , and it will follow him into death . 
 you have a responsibility toward your fellow man . 
 the stranger 's seizure heightened in violence , sending spasms of fright from his nerve center and out into the cave , the perilous sound of a man at his end . 
 leon : kane ! 
 kane lunged for the ruby blade and hurled it into the dark depths of the cave . 
 to test him like this , to order him to kill a stranger on the grounds that some unknown animal had bitten the man - leon has demonstrated his extraordinary survival skills in the past , but could he really recognize a particular snakebite without even seeing the wound ? 
 for leon to think that he could toy with kane 's psyche as he had just done was a move that was both narcissistic and hard-hearted , a biting insult to all of the progress kane felt he had made - so kane responded fittingly , by tossing heart of the people 's red blade into the craggy depths of the cave . 
 he could accept leon 's practical pranks , the jokes at kane 's expense , even the scorched fingertips for the spilled wagon , because all previous suffering was in good faith and consistent with the philosophies of heart of the people 's teachings . 
 it was part of the game , and it did n't matter that he never signed up to play because until now he was enjoying himself and he was growing . 
 now these people had become something vastly different from the personas that guided kane these past few seasons . 
 they were supposed to be his tutors , the altruistic and principled souls who gave him something to believe in when he never believed in anything . 
 leon , the man who uttered peace in reverence above all other holies , was now trying to fool kane into relapsing in sin , to murder a perfect stranger of whom he knew nothing except that the man needed medical assistance because he was a victim of some evil ordeal - all of this while the stranger suffered helplessly on the floor . 
 kane looked to alma . 
 if this was a test - she could n't be in on it - she would n't - leon said nothing . 
 he only sauntered after the red blade . 
 fetching the knife , he began a path toward the infested stranger on the floor . 
 he stopped and brushed his free hand through his braided beard . 
 he closed his eyes and exhaled . 
 pinching the tip of the knife between three fingers , leon threw the red blade like a cartwheeling rocket into the stranger 's windpipe , severing his spinal column , ceasing his seizure , and sending the man into immediate paralysis . 
 blood sprayed like mist . 
 heart of the people moved tranquilly forth . 
 the one-armed percussionist dislodged the blade from the stranger 's windpipe . 
 stoically , the man who kane was supposed to venerate as promethean slit the nameless stranger 's throat , jutted his one hand into the open incision , and clawed the lifeless head back until it was attached to its former body by only several thin-strung bloody tendons which heart of the people snipped with a cool stroke of his red ruby blade . 
 the one-armed beat-man completed this process with a calm ease , making it plainly evident that this was not his first execution . 
 he foraged a wooden pike from somewhere outside the cave and placed the head on top . 
 leon kneeled in a pool of blood , squatting in his moccasins to examine the headless body . 
 he approached kane , the letter in hand , leaving a trail of bloody footprints . 
 alma shrieked and whimpered in the constricting arms of her lover , imprisoned in her visionless blackness though she could smell her lover 's fear , his quickened heat-breath on her forehead , his clammy sweat on her skin . 
 alma -lrb- whispering to kane -rrb- : what 's happening ? 
 kane -lrb- whispering through cries -rrb- : they murdered a man . 
 they murdered , they murdered , they murdered , they murdered . 
 leon murdered a stranger . 
 leon dropped the letter before kane . 
 kane 's hands trembled and his eyes teared . 
 mechanically , he unfolded the paper - written on isosceles-triangular scoundrels stationery , a pastel cartoon of each respective bandmate in each of the three angles , hank the left , kane the top , and anika the right , the scoundrels stenciled lightly over the center . 
 written in cursive ink over images of the band , the contents of the letter were as follows . 
 to my sweet sister marieta , i am writing to you in english so that mutter will not read this . 
 how is she ? 
 i wish to jesus that i had money i could send you , but money has been difficult to find . 
 much has changed since i last wrote . 
 by the time you are reading this i will be far into my journey to greece . 
 yes , dear sis , i am coming to see you . 
 our family will be together for the first time since vater died . 
 i had a dream the other night that he was alive and we were eating mutti 's moussaka . 
 i am afraid , marieta . 
 i have always been afraid but now i am afraid and desperate too . 
 the reason for my journey home is not so wonderful . 
 i must address anika handel 's declining health . 
 i wonder how it is by you , but i imagine the greeks are taking it harshly . 
 she always had a space in her violet heart for greece . 
 and with this news of kane hailand disappearing gone , it seems as though our dreams are rotting slowly . 
 i hear people saying that hank adaline has recorded new music . 
 i wish with all my heart to hear his piano once again , but this poor country i am living in has banned the music . 
 i do n't know what message hank 's new music may be saying , but i imagine it to be a riot . 
 i once saw a movie of hank playing the deejay -lrb- do i say this right ? -rrb- . 
 they showed it on the news , in a story that warned the people of hank adaline as a shaitan - a devil and a menace . 
 watching his hands with the records is like watching a riot . 
 part of me thinks maybe he is talking about justice , and that is why this unjust government has banned the music . 
 i do n't understand the music . 
 i wish that you can write to me and tell me of the sound . 
 but it must be that i can not hear from you until i find you at home . 
 i have heard also , through a source i must not name in this letter , that hank is touring the world with his music and that he will be playing at the parthenon on the eve of the new year . 
 he left america because he says americans no longer understand music . 
 his new shows are not like the scoundrels shows , i hear . 
 it is not a theatre show with lights and animals . 
 i hear that hank adaline , yes , the red shadow , is just traveling from country to country to play music for the people . 
 i have collected enough money to buy a plane ticket to athens , and so i journey to the airport in makhraj . 
 do not concern yourself with how i have gotten this money . 
 i will repay my debts , i assure you , as vater always taught us . 
 but i must see this performance . 
 i must . 
 i feel that if i do n't see this performance then my heart will cry forever . 
 and you and mutter will come with me to share these hopes in times of sadness . 
 the show , of course , is free . 
 it costs nothing to go . 
 he is just playing . 
 not for money . 
 just for people . 
 perhaps i will stay with you in greece for a while . 
 i have been thinking about this a lot . 
 i know there is no money to be earned , but maybe it will be easier to find food with a man 's help . 
 maybe i am wrong . 
 but what is there that can be worse ? 
 do not repeat any of this to mutter . 
 i know what she will say . 
 i pray that my love for you and mutti will guide me to your door , and we can find hope in hank 's music at the parthenon , where our ancestors have sought hope in the past . 
 and may god bless the quaquaversal -lrb- how do i spell this ? -rrb- 
 with new health . 
 p.s. . 
 these people really think hank is the devil . 
 the letter was unsigned . 
 leon -lrb- a sly snicker -rrb- : so that 's what the jester looks like . 
 nice eyepatch . 
 something unknown festered inside of kane . 
 no matter how he tried to control whatever this feeling was inside of him , he could sense it growing to possess his being . 
 leon : this is a sign , kane . 
 this man was sent here for you . 
 everything kane hailand had come to believe in , everything he found in the wilderness that he never found in his societal life was turned upside-down and beaten in the form of heart of the people 's bloody knife and leon 's serene brow . 
 these men were able to weigh the scales of justice under the highest-pressure conditions , to take a man 's life without guilt , but kane failed to summon this ability within his self . 
 kane 's leaders finally trusted him with a task that demanded courage and strength , but kane did n't have the courage to act . 
 he was betrayed by his own judgment , betrayed by the society that had tamed him , betrayed by the land that was now supposed to foster him . 
 he was worthless . 
 kane slammed his guitar into the cave walls , just as hank adaline used to demolish the top of his grand red piano , so intense and in the moment that it was no longer apparent to kane that he was spraying chocks of wood like a chipper , smashing the guitar into the wall , beating the cave in hopes that it will crumble because this is the apotheosis of passion , whack whack whack until all that remained in kane 's hands were a few broken strings hanging from a split guitar neck . 
 a perturbing twang resonated from the defiled instrument to fill the cave with violence . 
 without ever having known what materials composed the guitar or how it was made or even how to play it completely , kane smashed his guitar into sawdust and splinters , beating the absolute inadequacy out of the instrument . 
 heart of the people flashed his red eyes with a vengeance , shooting his fire at the wood in kane 's hands . 
 kane tossed the flaming wood to the ground . 
 the one-armed arsonist threw a fist of fire at kane 's blue sweater , sending alma 's woven labor of love up in flames . 
 shaking free from the searing sweater , the burns heating in his chest , kane stomped the flames , reducing his sweater into pungent ash . 
 knowing he would never be able to combat heart of the people , kane slouched to the floor , defeated . 
 leon picked splinters of guitar from his hair and his beard . 
 smoke filled the cave . 
 leon : kane - kane could feel the fury tensing in the sinews of his neck , blood screaming in his brain . 
 kane : you do n't even know who this man is ! 
 you do n't know anything about him . 
 how did you know you could kill him ? 
 leon : there 's much about us that you still have yet to learn . 
 an odd series of cramps knotted themselves around kane 's insides . 
 he had always been second best to hank . 
 kane would never prosper as long as hank existed . 
 even after he found people who actually granted him an opportunity , kane still could n't prosper because he always relied on hank to prosper for him and he never learned how to prosper through his own merits . 
 kane finally put a name to the feeling that was brewing inside him - it was spite . 
 kane hailand was always possessed by spite for everything that was better than he was - spite for hank adaline , for heart of the people , for leon , for the incalculable world and all of its unanswerable demands . 
 still panting from his violent outburst , kane stood to stare leon in the face . 
 kane : your dad is dead , leon . 
 he killed his self , mid-sentence , on national television , and he did it because he could n't handle the grief you left him with . 
 he did it like he thought you did it , with a shotgun in his throat . 
 your dad 's dead and it 's your fault because you could n't handle reality . 
 kane slumped back against the wall and stared at the dead man . 
 the nameless stranger was no longer an inspired idealist because he was dead and his head will soon decay on the pike outside the cave , distended jaw hung low and leaking blood , eyes just barely open , rolled high and unblinking , streaming fresh red blood from its detached throat . 
 the head looked more like one of hank 's whacky stage props for the hounds of anger than anything that could have ever possessed living hope . 
 leon stood over kane , still in shock . 
 kane 's anger did n't permit him to acknowledge leon , though there was a tiny voice inside of him that begged for leon to slap him and do something horrible that kane fully deserved . 
 kane tried to justify his actions to himself . 
 he told himself that nothing really mattered , when in actuality he was afraid of the truth that had been trying to sing to him since birth . 
 on some basic level that he did n't quite understand , kane could hear these truths in song - but he ignored them , and he never felt more pathetic . 
 without blinking , leon looked at the dead body below him . 
 leon : he has n't been in the wilderness long . 
 kane -lrb- affected , forgetting his spite -rrb- : how do you know ? 
 leon : he 's close-shaven . 
 he wears sneakers , like you . 
 kane : he does n't even have a name . 
 leon : pardon ? 
 kane : he does n't have a name . 
 there 's no name in the letter , no name in his clothing . 
 he has no identification . 
 you killed this man and you never even knew his name . 
 leon : yes . 
 it 's awful . 
 kane : we invent names all the time . 
 we name things , we name ourselves , we name other species - but he dies without a name . 
 leon : i 'm sure he has a name , kane . 
 it 's just unknown to us . 
 kane : if we ca n't name ourselves , then it 's the end . 
 we 're done . 
 leon : calm down . 
 you 're getting crazy . 
 it 's only a name , kane . 
 kane : who are you if you do n't have a name ? 
 leon : you ca n't name one note on your guitar , and yet you produce wonderful music . 
 leon left kane with the body . 
 kane looked to alma . 
 she was shivering , cold and alone . 
 he rushed toward her and adjusted her blanket , holding her close to keep her warm , whispering into her ear , caressing the teeth-marked scar on her emaciated belly , promising to rescue her from all of it , even if it costs him his life , because he finally realized that she 's the only good thing that ever happened to him and he refused to ever lose her - it took him long enough to learn this but he learned it and he wo n't forget . 
 in his ephemeral delirium he really thought that he could carry her for days across the desert to a hospital , that she would recover and the two of them would live modestly in solitude with their many children , playing the strings of their instruments to seek everlasting harmony and live as lovers do . 
 he never considered that he lacked the proper survival skills , that he had absolutely no orientation or awareness of his surroundings , and that she was weakened so near to death . 
 alma breathed in his ear , for he gave her the energy to be , and she used this energy to soothe him because it was her duty to stay alive as long as it would take to save him , to tell him all is right if only he can counter his own past . 
 but kane could not be soothed . 
 alma reached for her lyre . 
 she had n't strummed the lyre in what seemed like a lifetime , and she could n't find it in the darkness . 
 kane , whom she knew through his touch and his scent , must be soothed . 
 so she sang . 
 alma -lrb- singing -rrb- : one good thing about music - when it hits you , you feel no pain . 
 kane 's rage evaporated into a tearful sickness . 
 somehow even the song of his lover incensed him with guilty fury . 
 kane kissed alma harder than was necessary on her cheek . 
 he carried her to the cave entrance , avoiding the crawling rivulets of blood . 
 he originally brought her to the entrance so that she could experience light . 
 upon rethinking , he realized just how dumb this was because light had long left her . 
 yet he continued with his actions , stroking his lover 's hair in the grass , unsure of whom to trust . 
 his inner processor could n't choose among the swirl of issues that swam in his head , so he thought nothing . 
 leon and heart of the people approached with the loaded wagon . 
 leon : we must go . 
 kane : goodbye . 
 leon dropped two sweaters on kane 's lap . 
 leon : you two change out of those bloody clothes . 
 then help me carry alma to the wagon . 
 kane rose to argue leon . 
 leon : you 're not staying . 
 kane : it 's fine . 
 leon : kane , this is a sign . 
 our exile has passed . 
 kane : what are you talking about ? 
 leon : i must go back to civilization . 
 i must go back to bonabal . 
 kane : there 's absolutely nothing you could say that would make me go to bonabal . 
 leon : you 're not coming to bonabal . 
 kane : are you insane ? 
 leon : i thought you 'd like to be the one who escorts alma . 
 kane : what are you talking about ? 
 alma -lrb- a verbal spasm -rrb- : greece ! 
 kane turned toward alma , walking slowly toward his ailing lover . 
 her ear to the dusty ground , she heard his footsteps coming closer and she felt for his face . 
 alma : i 'm dying , jake . 
 kane tried to look into her eyes , but that amazing unity he used to feel when he looked into those sapphire eyes was now gone , returning nothing but a blank face , a black hole of energy . 
 he breathed her wan complexion , eyes glazed and blue , unblinking and lachrymal in the occluded barrier of her cornea , her shivering lip , her once-flowing hair now stringy and whitening . 
 his mind knew the truth , but he could n't form the words that would allow him to really understand , leaving him feeling like an empty vessel , unaffected by reality . 
 kane : we 'll take you to a hospital . 
 kane looked up at leon . 
 kane : we 'll take her to a hospital . 
 leon : she 's dying , kane . 
 kane : they can help her . 
 modern medicine is amazing . 
 they 've made so many advances since you left . 
 i promise you - they can help her . 
 alma : jake . 
 listen to me . 
 alma traced a fingertip over the curvature of kane 's nose , absorbing his tears in her tight skin . 
 alma : i want to die in greece . 
 leon : will you take her ? 
 kane collapsed beside alma . 
 his earth was getting colder . 
 consumed by the approaching winter , he could n't think . 
 winter dampens the earth , and a dampened earth will dampen thought . 
 kane was once able to recognize the beautiful natural phenomenon of winter , but his thoughts were too dampened to recognize this now . 
 he never believed anika . 
 he never believed that she was dying . 
 she never went to the doctor . 
 she continued , if not increased her smoking when she said she got the diagnosis . 
 kane was never sure that anika handel was dying in the way that she said she was dying , the way that alma was actually dying . 
 no . 
 he had to confront it . 
 he abandoned anika when she was dying . 
 face it . 
 he abandoned her . 
 he abandoned her just like he abandoned hank on the most meaningful night of their lives , their masterpiece - train of power . 
 he abandoned hank and anika as hank and anika had both abandoned him , because that 's what they do , these scoundrels , they fill each other full of hope and then abandon . 
 he had already abandoned someone he loved , and he could n't endure it again . 
 kane : i have no choice . 
 leon : change clothes , kane . 
 we must move swiftly . 
 the broken family traveled southeast toward civilization . 
 kane pulled alma in the bed of the wagon . 
 leon had offered to pull the wagon , but kane declined out of principle , to be the protector of his lover and to feel like a man . 
 he said no more to leon , avoiding so much as a glance in his tutor 's direction because leon made him feel little . 
 pulling the wagon proved a much less demanding task for kane when there was no guitar to carom off his chest as he walked . 
 the walk was an effective means of releasing the tension inside him . 
 he wanted so desperately for alma to play her music , to distract him from his terrorizing thoughts of hank at the parthenon , but alma displayed no signs of strength . 
 being close to alma tragically reminded him of how much closer they could be if only he could see her grow to become an old woman and a mother . 
 he would treat her as she deserved - he would love her , and anika could n't say a thing about it . 
 alma 's one goal was to have a child and she will have passed without having achieved it . 
 how can there be peace in a world such as this ? 
 something drastic was too happen , and it was to happen soon . 
 reading his mind , alma spoke from the wagon . 
 alma -lrb- weakly -rrb- : it 's dangerous for you to love me . 
 kane : i 've run from danger all my life . 
 i 'm ready for it now . 
 alma : you 're learning . 
 kane : but i 'm scared . 
 i 'm scared i 'll let you down like i 've let everybody down . 
 alma : you do n't need to know the answer to everybody 's problems , jake . 
 you just need to know the feelings that can help them through it . 
 you give me these feelings , and you would n't be able to give them if you did n't have them inside you . 
 you need to get in touch with yourself , jake . 
 you need to know you . 
 alma sighed in stomach pain because her four-sentence speech was debilitating . 
 kane felt weak whenever alma opened her mouth because even though she was facing her death , she was so much stronger than he was . 
 heart of the people stopped ahead , his one hand pointing in the distance . 
 kane followed the extended finger to a trail of leopard footprints spread in an awkward ring around a violet bush . 
 kane ran to the bush and picked a handful of violets . 
 running back toward the wagon , he was charged with a bolt of energy so strong that he froze in shock . 
 he had n't felt this feeling since the lightning-bolt . 
 staring at kane with chatoyant green eyes was his companion , the underdog champion of the persecuted , perched in the grass , snarling its patent snarl - the one-fanged leopard . 
 leon : he has come . 
 this is my time . 
 heart of the people clutched the fang at his neck . 
 leon : he wants revenge . 
 he wants to foil my plan for peace . 
 the one-fanged leopard limped forward , nuzzling its head into kane 's oversized hand . 
 leon tensed . 
 kane let the lapping tongue of the beast lick his fingers . 
 massaging the one fang , everything made sense . 
 hank adaline was up to something . 
 the idea of hank journeying through the landmarks of the world , playing his music gratis to endow the people with hope - it was a thinly-veiled ploy at best . 
 not hank . 
 hank never gave a damn for people or for culture . 
 he was up to something , flashing his red eyes and his devilish snarl , plotting some perverted end with his mad red turntable . 
 the parthenon is one of the holiest remnants of civilization - hank adaline is the most unholy man ever born , desecrating all that others hold sacred . 
 the icon of sin , the red shadow , the bearer of fire - he must be stopped . 
 kane stroked the leopard 's head . 
 it suddenly made sense . 
 kane failed to kill the ailing man in the cave because he was n't meant to kill the man in the cave . 
 kane needed to witness the murder in order to learn that killing can be a necessary means to the most honorable ideals . 
 this was fate . 
 heart of the people 's red eyes were fate . 
 the stranger 's letter was fate . 
 alma 's wish to die in greece , where hank was playing his show , was fate . 
 the one-fanged leopard was fate . 
 it was fate that he confronts anika and put her behind him forever - it was fate that he kills hank . 
 kane : i need to find a guitar . 
 leon : for what ? 
 kane : i have a show at the parthenon . 
 * * * track 7 : heart of the people leon smiled through his loop-braided beard . 
 he shouted to heart of the people , who exalted . 
 the drummer 's apparent joy only augmented kane 's confusion because heart of the people never acknowledged kane 's existence through the seasons they lived together . 
 there was one particular lyric from the scoundrels ' oeuvre that cycled through kane 's mind as he pulled alma in the wagon and the leopard limped behind him . 
 i wo n't die by fire . 
 the highwayman will kill me and i 'll come back as an indian - these were the opening lyrics to slave song , the second track off red chaos , kane 's musical portrait of hank adaline , the barefoot devil who wears red in the dark just to fool you . 
 upon kane 's reentry into civilization , soon to bury his love , it became difficult to say whether kane wrote these lyrics about hank or himself . 
 hank was the thief , hank was the highwayman - or was it kane ? 
 all his life , kane took and took and took and he never gave anything to anyone , and what was kane if not a thief ? 
 kane hailand first entered the wilderness alone , wearing only his undershirt , his sneakers , and a senseless tattoo . 
 now he was reentering society in the company of a dying woman whom he had fallen in love with , a limping one-fanged leopard , a one-armed african tribesman , and his childhood hero . 
 this was too bizarre - there were too many hints . 
 he only ever entered the wilderness to escape the invisible chains that bounded him , but now he realized that the only true escape from the scoundrels was to kill hank . 
 alma : why 9 ? 
 kane : what ? 
 alma : why did she think in 9 's ? 
 why 9 ? 
 if kane were to examine his lover more closely , he 'd learn that alma was developing the famous 9-pound smile he once wrote about in vile violet inviolate violence , the musical portrait of anika handel . 
 alma was weary . 
 she closed her eyes because they were useless , and because the wind was rushing into her open eyes to make her cry . 
 then , strangely , the sun must have touched her black vision , for it became pink . 
 alma reaped confusion in her great world of pink because , even more mysteriously , the bumpy rhythm of the wagon she lay in was rolling in a faultless pattern of 9-beat cycles . 
 the trees rained eucalyptus , soft and pink upon their heads . 
 leon always talks of peace , but what kind of peace can there be when someone as selfless , as genuine , and as worthy as alma can lose her unborn child ? 
 leon threw a knife into a stranger 's windpipe . 
 leon does not know peace . 
 no man knows peace and no man will ever know peace because men as a species are too intelligent , too rational for peace . 
 there will always be those who lack , whether in material or spirit . 
 there will always be those who envy , those insecure men , those who steal - those who sin . 
 you may diminish their numbers , but as long as these scoundrels exist among men , harmony will always be disrupted . 
 all human injustice is rooted in the scoundrel - hank adaline , that devil , will see his end . 
 after blurting the news of usman kanaan 's death , kane felt incalculably distant from leon . 
 even when leon spoke to kane , it was as if the words were just phantoms of his true feelings . 
 walking solemnly by leon 's side , kane spoke . 
 kane : you have no documentation . 
 you ca n't cross any borders . 
 what 's your plan ? 
 leon : heart of the people 's plan is that i out myself as baltasar kanaan . 
 this , given my alleged suicide , will bring uproar . 
 we 're going to shake the world , kane hailand . 
 kane : for all the freedom we thought we had in the wilderness , we had borders . 
 we were always confined by the limits of society . 
 kane batted his eyes , amazed at what he just said . 
 an orb of light , his renewed musical superpower , flared inside his soul . 
 he had n't uttered such a coherent thought since he tattooed his forehead . 
 words had always come so easy to kane hailand - the jester had a limitless lexicon that he could spin into rivers of light . 
 the leopard purred , burrowing into kane 's hip . 
 kane 's shadow had vanished once again . 
 he craved his guitar . 
 the group walked on through the immense sands of the desert dunes , all of them hoping the black clouds above would n't storm because alma had no prayer of surviving a storm . 
 when mother nature is kind , we take her for granted - only when she acts like a torrential bitch do we grant her the attention she deserves . 
 kane -lrb- kicking a rock down the mountainside -rrb- : the acoustics at the parthenon probably suck . 
 leon : to have garnered such universal admiration , hank ca n't be as bad as you claim . 
 kane : he 's worse . 
 he 's fooling the world . 
 he 'll tempt you in a manner so deceivingly candid you wo n't realize you 've been tempted . 
 kane fed a few ice chips to alma , then to the leopard . 
 he popped a few chips into his own mouth . 
 leon : you have no choice . 
 it 's written in fate . 
 you and hank must make peace . 
 kane choked on the ice chips . 
 he caught his breath and tried to mask his disbelief - did leon really think kane was going to greece to reunite with hank ? 
 this was the man who threw a knife into a stranger 's esophagus and then watched his leader place the severed head on a pike , and he still tries to sing that silly song of peace with a straight face ? 
 leon can never speak of peace without first confessing his insanity . 
 kane said nothing - it was best not to reveal his dangerous truth . 
 the group walked on , shortcutting their return to makhraj . 
 rosy-pink pedals blanketed the ground and the sun glimmered pink over gold mountains , kissing off the sand . 
 thin , prickly vines hung like willows from the trees , sweeping lightly against the mountains . 
 gorgeous rocks , sculpted by the hands of time , paved the path to kane 's destiny of fraternal battle . 
 the bells of war were soon to be rung . 
 not knowing the date , kane did n't know whether the anticipation for hank 's new year 's performance would gnaw at him for a day or a month . 
 when he sees hank at the parthenon , he 'll surely see anika too . 
 the thought of meeting her was unapproachable . 
 anika would never understand his feelings for alma - she 'd never understand why he had to kill hank . 
 he considered what hank adaline 's mother had prophesied - if there is to be a fight , hank will win . 
 so be it . 
 eat or be eaten . 
 alas the troupe reached what appeared to be society . 
 they navigated at night , for heart of the people 's code was now defunct . 
 when the stars were at their brightest , the travelers passed through a field of marijuana . 
 heart of the people put fire to the field , just to cause some fun before he was to dive headlong into society . 
 the effects proved revitalizing to alma , who had n't experienced such a sensory rush since the damaging fright of the stranger in the cave . 
 she craved more smoke . 
 the smoke filled her lungs and brought her closer to her god . 
 kane held his breath while walking through the burning fields because drugs only reminded him of hank . 
 he still had n't spoken to leon , and leon respected kane 's decision to remain confused . 
 pulling weakened alma in the wagon , kane thought only thoughts of war . 
 it would have damaged him enough if his mother and father were to have met for the one brief tryst of his conception just to birth him into lonely void - but for his parents to endure the stress of the pregnancy , the smiles and cries , the pains and joys , and the prenatal exuberance of melding their souls into a child , only to dump kane while continuing to love his first-born twin - there was no justice . 
 there was no peace . 
 kane 's birth , his very existence , demanded war . 
 hank was born first and kane was born second , and no matter what paths their lives blazed , they could never really be equal . 
 hank and kane were born for war and it was time they stop putting it off . 
 alma 's thoughts were much different than those in kane 's head . 
 lying in the wagon , every breath wrought a sharp pain in her chest . 
 she was too weak to lift an arm or shift her neck no matter how much pain her current position caused - alma 's pink world was darkening . 
 night was spreading and death was imminent . 
 there had always been a flower tucked neatly behind her ear , but now her ear felt naked and she was too tired to voice a request . 
 death was near , as near as kane was to his anima - but kane had no guitar to bring him any closer to his anima , while death wrestled no obstacles . 
 alma did n't know how much longer she was capable of fighting , longing for the sweet sound of kane 's soul in the guitar , to sing to her and guide her into death . 
 she thought of the immortal prostitute from mountain song 's story . 
 mountain song told alma of how the girl lives today . 
 it has become difficult for her to service the men . 
 the problem does n't lie with her age , because she does n't age , and the problem does n't lie in the scars and the markings she has gained through the unprompted persistence of living , just as the problem does n't lie in the physical manifestations of the hundreds of childbirths she endured before she lost her uterus , and the problem does n't lie in the fact that notions of beauty have drastically changed since she drank the immortality potion - the problem was that none of the men she serviced would ever grow old enough to share anything significant with her . 
 through her many lifetimes , she has become too wise . 
 she has seen too much , and she will see far more than any man can ever know . 
 she is lonely . 
 she is as lonely as god . 
 immortality , not death , is what we should fear . 
 alma learned a great deal in this life , and she will carry it with her into whatever lies beyond . 
 and if nothing lies beyond then at least she will have lived a full life . 
 kane claims to have lived multiple lifetimes - his greatest disappointment is that he ca n't access the person he was before train of power . 
 kane needs to realize that this is okay , because that child named jake made him the man that he is , the man he 's still becoming , and if that child lived forever then it would n't do him any good . 
 alma wanted to say this to kane , but she was too weak to explain . 
 she needed to salvage her limited energy , and she sensed that kane was close to discovering everything on his own . 
 they walked - through square buildings of stone , through dimly lit streets , soundless except for the wagon rolling over cobblestones . 
 they encountered several shadows in the night , but every suggestion of life fled upon sight of the leopard . 
 leon : the people are scared of the leopard . 
 hide him . 
 kane : where do you expect me to hide a leopard ? 
 leon : stay one hundred paces behind me while i tell them who i am . 
 watch your pockets - especially around children . 
 kane : i do n't have anything to steal . 
 leon and heart of the people walked ahead , the one-armed drummer moving barefoot over cobblestones . 
 kane brushed alma 's hair with his fingers . 
 kane : how do you feel ? 
 alma -lrb- weary -rrb- : are we close ? 
 kane : we 'll be there soon . 
 you stay strong . 
 alma : jake - kane : shhh . 
 i know . 
 alma : it 's all violet , jake . 
 kane startled . 
 he felt a surge of light in his large shaking hands , and he tried to contain the fabulous beams they may evoke . 
 alma wanted more than anything to imagine kane 's face as she last saw it - grand and statuesque , his beard high to his cheekbones - but the only image her brain produced was blank violet . 
 it was happening - the energy of the scoundrels , the light of the jester , leaving nothing behind but a sick violet love . 
 kane : it 's okay . 
 we 'll be there soon . 
 kane smiled a vicious smile . 
 he was regaining his abilities , and he would need to have his full strength if he was to kill hank . 
 once again , kane hailand was in love with a woman , and he was determined not to abuse it as he had done before . 
 kane wo n't be at peace until hank , that devil , is long extinct . 
 this was for alma , because alma wo n't find peace until her lover finds it too . 
 alma deserved justice . 
 she deserved peace in death , and she could never die peacefully until hank adaline dies . 
 the leopard jumped , paws resting on kane 's shoulders to lick his violet tattoo . 
 peasant women carried buckets in both hands , singing to god , ignoring leon . 
 kane watched everybody shun leon away . 
 leon retreated to the wagon . 
 leon : they think i 'm insane . 
 kane : you 're a homeless man with a moronic beard telling people that you 're baltasar kanaan , several decades after he committed suicide - yes , they think you 're insane . 
 leon : that 's a shame . 
 i always loved this beard . 
 kane examined leon 's countenance - sweaty and grimy , mud in his fingernails , stinking of dust . 
 for a moment he considered outing himself as kane hailand , but who would believe that a longhaired , two-eyed piece of walking filth with a backwards tattoo on his forehead was the jester ? 
 kane : we need to change everything about the way you look . 
 you need to look just as you did when you were baltasar kanaan . 
 leon : we need money . 
 and we also need to hide that leopard - we 'll get arrested . 
 a few passing cars stopped to stare . 
 kane : maybe we should get arrested - tell them who we are . 
 leon : no one believes our identities . 
 if we get arrested , we 're finished . 
 get that leopard in the wagon ! 
 the thought of spending the remainder of his days in a middle eastern prison was enough to make kane reconsider . 
 he communicated with the leopard as he did with all of his animal companions , by spreading patterns of light through his fingertips to direct the animal where he wished it to go . 
 the leopard climbed into the bed of the wagon , snuggling beneath alma to serve as her pillow . 
 cars passed and alma blinked dust from her unseeing eyes . 
 kane laid a blanket over alma and the leopard . 
 soldiers walked the streets in loose-fitting turbans . 
 after a pause , the broken family walked on , following fences lined with graffiti as stray dogs followed kane . 
 leon : in this land , children handle guns as i played my ney . 
 their symphony is the scream of a bullet . 
 they followed the street to a ragged bum on a stoop . 
 the bum wore a dirty wool cap with a patched image of geronimo , the 9-legged octopus from the violet 9 . 
 the bum spoke . 
 bum : heart of the people looked to kane , puzzled . 
 a clan of ministers passed , eyeing the group warily . 
 the bum jangled an empty cup before the ministers , crying and begging because they acknowledged his humanity . 
 they passed without donating . 
 leon lectured the bum in arabic , indicting the bum for leeching off society . 
 if he could n't find work , leon argued , it was his responsibility to create work by offering a service of some kind - surely the man must have some talent that could be somehow beneficial . 
 the bum claimed ignorance . 
 leon said that if the bum could direct them to a store that sells cosmetic products , he would see to it that the bum is rewarded . 
 the bum agreed . 
 kane removed the ney and the talking drum from the bed of the wagon . 
 leon affixed the wooden contraption to heart of the people 's stump , and they played . 
 kane stroked alma 's face as he reveled in the music , still feeling guilty about his confession to leon . 
 he thought of how hank adaline was n't ever of this time - hank was always coming from either the past or the future . 
 when he played his red piano it was either from a time before creation or a land beyond the grave of earth . 
 kane hailand was always fascinated with this phenomenon . 
 frustrated , kane shook all memory . 
 this was no time for nostalgia . 
 hank must be annihilated . 
 besides , hank was a dj now - the mad red piano was gone . 
 no one knows hank adaline like kane knows hank adaline , and history will consider itself served a warm plate of justice when kane hailand murders his brother . 
 a soldier stopped in front of the musicians and lowered an m-16 to their faces . 
 they quit their instruments , staring down the barrel of the weapon . 
 after several beats of silence -lrb- alma counted 9 -rrb- , alma heard the vibrating plop of a coin in a cup . 
 the soldier spoke in arabic . 
 the group laughed uproariously . 
 the soldier walked on . 
 leon -lrb- through spurts of laughter -rrb- : he says we 're an odd-looking bunch . 
 kane unwillingly joined in laughter . 
 even alma had to laugh . 
 to the soldier , the bum appeared the most normal among them - a loopy-bearded arab , a one-armed shirtless african , and a crazy american with a senseless tattoo on his forehead , standing next to a wagon with a dying woman in the back , all of them freshly dunked into the stink and the scabs of the wilderness . 
 the sun rose along with the people . 
 kane still wanted to do the impossible - set the sun . 
 as the dew disappeared from the stones to warm the earth , the music attracted a sizable crowd . 
 within an hour , leon announced that they had surely earned enough money to buy supplies for his grooming . 
 the bum guided them to a nearby shop , sharing his story as he walked . 
 he was mourning his brother , a soldier killed by his own men in a terrible miscommunication . 
 when they reached the shop , heart of the people played his drum as they waited for leon to buy a hair-grooming kit . 
 alma estimated a 9-minute wait . 
 leon resurfaced , empty-handed . 
 leon : things have become more expensive since ninety-two . 
 hank adaline would have never exited a shop empty-handed - even if he did n't desire a single item in the shop , he would have stolen just for practice . 
 it was time to kill the thief . 
 light grew inside kane , light that he planned to use to smother and kill hank adaline . 
 hank was everything kane hated about himself . 
 hank was kane 's guilt , his sin and his lie - hank adaline must suffer and trickle blood to the death . 
 it was coded in their dna - one of them must conquer . 
 kane thought only of hank 's lifeless body in a pool of blood and alcohol . 
 the only way alma could die in peace was if kane hailand killed his brother . 
 the only way anybody could ever die in peace was if kane hailand killed his brother . 
 hank adaline was always at war with himself and with kane and with the world at large , because the genius was never quite from the same place as the rest of us . 
 he was an outsider , and he made the world suffer for it . 
 the world needed peace and hank needed war . 
 murdering hank was kane 's divine beckon . 
 the musicians resumed playing until mid-afternoon , when they had actually accumulated enough money for a grooming kit . 
 leon bought the supplies and checked into a dilapidated , three-suite hostel . 
 kane , alma , and the leopard waited outside . 
 baltasar kanaan emerged from the hostel - hair cropped short , all shaven but the mustache , the famous and unexplained scar on his throat now visible . 
 this man , though slightly wrinkled and spotted by the sun , was unmistakably baltasar kanaan , the hero of kane hailand 's youth , who inspired the jester 's trademark mustache . 
 kane felt his own beard , yearning to sport his mustache again . 
 leon requested that the bum lead them to the nearest municipal building . 
 in exchange , he promised to grant the bum a job in bonabal . 
 people stopped and turned to stare and whisper as the group of travelers passed , remarking with astonishment how the man with the mustache bore an uncanny resemblance to baltasar kanaan . 
 the bum led the broken family to the parliament of makhraj . 
 examining the glorious parliament structure , gilded in gold and marble , a tower among the stone buildings that comprised the remainder of the city , it appeared as though all of the money in the city had been funneled into this beautiful building . 
 having amassed a sizable following of people who shouted through the streets to learn if leon was a relative of baltasar kanaan , leon entered the building with unmistakable pride . 
 leon : my name is baltasar kanaan . 
 i have been away for a long time , but i am here now and i need you to lead me to someone who can arrange a flight to bonabal immediately . 
 the broken family was placed in a holding cell for two weeks while the makhraj parliament issued countless phone calls , screenings , and even a blood test to confirm the identity of baltasar kanaan . 
 kane , alma , and the leopard were held separately from leon , heart of the people , and the bum . 
 they were fed frequently , and this seemed to boost alma 's health . 
 given the astonishing nature of leon 's claim , they were held in a maximum-security penitentiary . 
 the guards assured kane that if leon proved to be an impostor , they would all be transferred to accommodations that were far less comfortable and far more permanent . 
 the only reason leon 's claim was being seriously considered was because the mustached man was able to recite whole passages from baltasar kanaan 's vagina in eight languages without any hint of an accent . 
 kane could hear heart of the people and leon converse from the opposite side the cellblock . 
 they conversed in varied tones - sometimes hopeful , sometimes flustered - without ever stopping to eat or sleep . 
 the bum sat in silence , picking his teeth with his thumbnail . 
 several times throughout the first few days , kane called to leon . 
 at first he called just to hear leon 's voice , but his friendly calls soon turned into desperate apologies that leon never heard because leon was so fixated on his talks with heart of the people . 
 so kane tended to alma , trying to keep her alive until he could kill his brother . 
 hank adaline was an icon of sin . 
 he represented everything that kane ever wanted to be , everything kane became , and everything that sent kane into the middle eastern wilderness on a binge of self-loathing . 
 for two weeks , murderous thoughts festered in kane 's mind . 
 but something else was happening in that remarkable mind of kane 's - he was writing music . 
 though he had no guitar , the music was permanently penned in patterns of light in the jester 's head . 
 he tried to write violent music as the soundtrack to hank adaline 's death , but kane hailand 's mind kept riffing on the chord of creation . 
 after two weeks in the middle eastern penitentiary , the dna test cleared and leon endured a series of interrogations . 
 the makhraj parliament was elated to have an ally who could perhaps influence bonabal 's questionable foreign policy . 
 makhraj provided the jet that leon requested , under the mutual agreement that baltasar kanaan 's existence was to be hidden from the public until further agreements with the bonabali government had been established - bonabal had not yet decided how they wanted their media to portray such a bizarre ordeal . 
 the makhraj parliament was especially hesitant to let a live leopard aboard one of their aircrafts , but leon voiced his insistence on kane 's behalf . 
 finally , the parliament agreed to fly the leopard on the condition that it was kept in a cage , which they ordered and installed in the plane within the hour . 
 the group boarded the plane along with two diplomats who were appointed with the responsibility of briefing leon with the two decades ' worth of news he had missed . 
 two armed pilots boarded the aircraft and relayed their respects to leon , proud to commandeer this historical flight . 
 the jet only had six seats , one of which had been removed to accommodate the leopard 's cage . 
 kane vowed to sit on the floor with alma , freeing the seats for leon , heart of the people , the bum , and the diplomats . 
 leon informed kane that tonight was new year 's eve . 
 the plane was to land in bonabal , where everyone but kane and alma would disembark . 
 kane and alma were to be flown to athens , and if they traveled with haste they could make it to the parthenon before midnight . 
 considerately , leon had ordered a guitar for kane . 
 kane uttered his thanks , still uncertain of where he stood relative to leon 's good graces . 
 the new guitar was quite different from the instrument that heart of the people handcrafted in the desert . 
 it was unique and it carried a beautiful sound - an electric musical killing machine , the body of which was a mirror , decorated with six strings that were much looser and more ductile than those of the guitar that kane shredded against the wall of the cave . 
 alma lay in kane 's lap as he experimented with his new weapon , playing slide-style , moving a soda bottle over the fretboard atop her belly , kissing her in between notes . 
 she did her best to express her appreciation with a smile , and these odd smiles gave kane the greatest joys he ever knew . 
 it had been decades since alma had flown in a plane , let alone a gulf-stream government jet that flies like a comet at .85 mach , and the experience of flying while blinded was overwhelming . 
 with no sight , she had become reliant on her hearing as her most trusted link to the outside world , but the rising pressure in her ears formed a barricade from the world as she knew it . 
 alma did n't speak for the duration of the flight . 
 her words , she knew , were limited , and she was saving them for when she would be alone with kane . 
 she listened closely through her migraine to hear kane discover his anima in the guitar , and this gave her the energy to endure against her oncoming death . 
 the last time kane hailand flew several miles above the earth in a twin-engine aircraft was much different than this . 
 heart of the people and the bum clipped their toenails , struggling to manipulate the nail-clipping contraptions . 
 the one-armed beatman spent most of the flight staring out the window , drumming his one hand on the armrest , fascinated with his first aerial experience . 
 leon lent his grooming kit to kane , who cut his hair and trimmed his trademark mustache in the cockpit bathroom . 
 he still did n't quite look like the jester . 
 perhaps it was the fact that he was missing his eyepatch , his jester 's hat , and his military tunic - or perhaps it was the fact that there was a senseless tattoo slashed into his forehead . 
 you decide . 
 kane exited the bathroom and resumed playing guitar for alma . 
 his playing was more fluid on the mirrored guitar than it had ever been in the wilderness . 
 he gained confidence with every note , devising his musical ambush on hank adaline . 
 light beamed from his fingertips and guided his fingers across the fretboard as he played satan 's blues for alma . 
 he did n't know why he chose satan 's blues to play - the song came from red chaos , and it detailed hank 's enslavement by his temptation for drugs , sex , and liquor , containing those famous opening lyrics - drag my knuckles ` cross the land to drink blood from my sinful hand . 
 maybe kane just wanted to play one more hank song before he put the fire out for good . 
 leon read the multitude of documents piled waist-high next to his seat . 
 kane could n't help but laugh as he watched the diplomats attempt to instruct leon on how to use a laptop . 
 leon looked up from his stack of papers and chuckled aloud . 
 leon : i 'm reading about this bill clinton thing . 
 kane : what bill clinton thing ? 
 leon : the intern - lewinsky . 
 kane : you may be the last person alive to ever consider monica lewinsky to be news . 
 leon : i always used to say , the sexiest thing about hillary clinton is bill . 
 leon quit laughing . 
 he paused , turning to kane with a stern expression . 
 leon : i know why you 're going to the parthenon . 
 i know you plan to eliminate hank . 
 kane leaned his guitar against the wall beside him . 
 he said nothing . 
 he just stared at leon , mirroring mustaches -lrb- though kane 's was coffee-colored and leon 's was black as crude oil -rrb- . 
 leon : i know how important hank 's offenses are to you . 
 i do n't know them as you know them , but i understand how you feel . 
 i 've thought about my father as a man . 
 i 've tried to understand things from his perspective . 
 in order to reach peace , you have to think about the situation from hank 's view . 
 in my head , i have made peace with my father . 
 if he were still alive , i 'm sure that he 'd be the first person to greet me when i exit this plane . 
 kane : i should n't have said anything . 
 i 'm sorry , i - leon : unnecessary , kane . 
 kane lifted alma 's head from his lap and rested her gently on the mirrored guitar , careful not to peer into his own confused face . 
 leon looked back to his papers . 
 kane stood . 
 kane : you do n't get it . 
 there 's no escape from hank . 
 leon -lrb- looking up from his papers -rrb- : who are you to talk about escape ? 
 you have a tattoo on your forehead - you 'll never escape from anything . 
 you must live with what you 've done . 
 this is your responsibility . 
 face your actions . 
 face yourself . 
 allow your mistakes to guide you to a better future . 
 kane : what if the man you killed was a musician - what if he would 've been a great addition to the band ? 
 leon : we have a reason for everything we 've ever done . 
 i 've listened to you tell the same stories of your past - you talk about hank and you talk about anika and you do n't talk about anything else . 
 you still do n't realize that you spent your life crafting a misery for yourself by turning the music into something it was n't supposed to be . 
 you used music to wage war against your brother . 
 you used music as a weapon . 
 kane : he 's not my brother ! 
 heart of the people flashed his red eyes . 
 the leopard walloped against the cage . 
 the diplomats eyed kane as he became swollen with anger . 
 leon assured them that kane was no threat . 
 the bum clipped his toenails . 
 alma wanted to soothe kane , but the pressure was thickening in her voice and her head . 
 kane : you were my hero before i ever met you . 
 you were always my hero . 
 i worshipped you . 
 then you saved my life , and i told you how much i admire your work , how it changed my life and gave me meaning . 
 and you laughed and told me that the whole thing was a stupid pun about a vagina . 
 the plane rocked through turbulent skies . 
 the pilot poked his head from the cockpit and uttered arabic to leon . 
 leon nodded and buckled his seatbelt . 
 leon : he wishes you to sit down . 
 kane remained standing . 
 leon : i 'm going to explain what you 've seen , kane . 
 kane : see , that 's just it . 
 kane . 
 that 's not even my name . 
 i 'm jake . 
 ask alma , she knows . 
 leon : yes . 
 kane : what do you mean , yes ? 
 leon : i mean that you should let me speak . 
 it 's time for change . 
 i do n't want any mysteries between us . 
 kane : then why have you been fooling me this whole time ? 
 all you 've done is fool me from the second i met you . 
 alma 's the only one who 's been genuine . 
 leon : do n't think of it as fooling you . 
 kane : but that 's what it is . 
 i thought you were the noblest men i ever met , but you 're not . 
 you 're a deceiver . 
 leon : stick to what you know , kane hailand . 
 because what you do n't know is what i can teach you . 
 there 's no peace in the wild , kane . 
 kane : you 're always talking about peace . 
 look what you did in the cave just a few weeks ago . 
 this is bullshit . 
 leon : we did n't go to the land for peace . 
 but here , in society , we can have peace . 
 kane : what are you talking about ? 
 leon : humans can coexist with other species , and we should , but we 're not meant to live among them . 
 we have evolved to cohabit with humans only , with each other , in societies . 
 these reports show that , for the first time in history , more people are living in cities than in the country . 
 kane : are you stoned ? 
 have you lost your mind ? 
 you 've been living off the land since ninety-two . 
 leon : yes , but you do n't know our intentions in so doing . 
 heart of the people and i have removed ourselves from society for so long because we wanted to better understand humanity . 
 the pilot poked his head back in the cabin and spoke to leon . 
 leon : would you like a beverage , kane ? 
 kane looked at leon , dumbfounded and enraged . 
 leon politely dismissed the pilot . 
 kane : in order to better understand humanity , you escaped it - in what world does that make sense ? 
 leon : do you remember moishe , the farmer , the one with three wives and three daughters ? 
 kane : vaguely . 
 leon : do you remember how i told you that he 's incapable of talking about the land ? 
 like a fish does n't notice the water it lives in , the farmer does n't notice land - because it is so much a part of him . 
 kane : okay , so ? 
 leon : this is how it is with society . 
 we need a reform . 
 we need peace . 
 but we 've become so absorbed in the society we live in that it 's been impossible for us to view it objectively . 
 we 've been ill-equipped to implement peace . 
 it was necessary for heart of the people and me to remove ourselves from the process of society so that we can better understand it - to reform , to bring peace . 
 this is a beautiful world , kane , but we 've seen great nations fight like children . 
 when you escape it all , everything becomes so much clearer . 
 kane : heart of the people is from tribal sudan - he 's never been a part of a modern society . 
 leon : which is precisely why he and i make such a great duo - he possesses elements of naturalism and the more elementary facets of human nature , while my background is highly entangled in one of the most intricately corrupt so-called modern cultures . 
 heart of the people and i have been each other 's greatest teachers . 
 it 's time we return . 
 it 's time we bring peace . 
 every one of us as individuals must remember that we are blessed to be alive . 
 kane : how can you stand there and talk to me about peace when you guys just put somebody 's head on a stick ? 
 leon : as death has led us into nature , so has death signaled our return to men . 
 it was an omen that our work in nature is done . 
 we 're done with death . 
 kane : you did n't have to kill him . 
 you could 've just taken his presence as a sign , if a sign was what you were looking for . 
 leon : the man had been bit and lethally poisoned . 
 i could n't let him suffer any further . 
 i 'm not saying it was the moral thing to do . 
 but out there , in the wilderness , there are no morals . 
 there are only morals among men , because only men are capable of morality . 
 it is this sense of morality that will allow us to see peace . 
 kane sat , placing alma 's frail body between his legs , trying to make sense of it all . 
 leon : as i 've watched you learn the guitar , i 've thought a lot about violence . 
 you 're a violent player , kane , and there 's so much pain in your soul . 
 i used to tell you violence is the weapon of the weak - that 's only partially true . 
 violence belongs in the wild , where it 's every creature for itself . 
 in the wild , violence is necessary for survival . 
 eat or be eaten . 
 it does n't have to be this way with men . 
 we are resourceful enough to coexist . 
 kane -lrb- gesturing toward heart of the people -rrb- : he 's a trained killer . 
 how can he bring peace ? 
 leon : he knows the horrors of war . 
 he knows the tortures of killing . 
 how can you expect a man to know something if he does n't know its opposite ? 
 only through his knowledge of war can he truly know peace . 
 we need heart of the people because he knows our true nature . 
 nobody can know who he really is until an outsider tells it to him straight , and he accepts the elements of truth . 
 kane : what about her ? 
 leon : alma knows no more than you do , which is not much . 
 if you 'll let me speak - kane : you planned all of this and did n't tell alma a thing ? 
 leon : our planning relied on alma 's ignorance . 
 she did n't need to know what she was working toward . 
 kane held alma closer , checking her neck for a pulse . 
 eerily , the slow beats of her blood seemed to skip after every 9th beat . 
 though she was too weak to speak , kane knew she could hear everything they were saying , and so he asked the questions he thought she would ask . 
 kane : why did n't you tell her ? 
 she would 've gone along with your cause . 
 she 's the most peaceful woman i ever met . 
 leon : we did n't need her intentions , kane . 
 we needed her untarnished care . 
 we needed to keep her as inspiration . 
 kane : you needed to use her . 
 leon : you to be talking . 
 look in the mirror . 
 look at how you and hank have treated anika . 
 it 's all you talk about . 
 we 've been brewing our plan of peace for decades . 
 mountain song - he was an agent . 
 i read the prayers he collected . 
 he filtered all prayers that contained updated societal news , and he gave the rest to me so that heart of the people and i could attune ourselves with the passions of the people , all while maintaining distance from society . 
 kane : what about the farmer - with the wives ? 
 was he in on it ? 
 leon -lrb- chuckling -rrb- : no , no . 
 heart of the people just loved smoking moishe 's plants . 
 kane took several moments to absorb this information , picking absently at the mirrored guitar . 
 leon : i will never be completely trusted after faking my suicide . 
 i recognize that people will always fear that i 'll abandon them again . 
 this is why heart of the people is so essential . 
 heart of the people will bring peace . 
 kane -lrb- sweating , smacking his forehead -rrb- : do you realize how much information you 're loading on me right now ? 
 leon : i wish to tell you more of heart of the people 's background . 
 kane -lrb- rubbing his tattooed forehead -rrb- : i do n't know if i can handle this . 
 leon unsheathed the red blade from heart of the people 's holster . 
 occupied with amazement by his view of the clouds from above , the one-armed man did n't even turn his head . 
 leon handed the red knife to kane . 
 kane examined the blade like an infant beholding space for the first time in miraculous wonder . 
 the dagger , studded with red diamonds , contained an amber-sealed eyeball in its grip . 
 leon : that is the eye of lumusi the decapitator . 
 known for decapitating her victims with a blood-red blade , she taught that if you wish to kill a child then you slit the child 's throat because slitting throats is a child 's game . 
 if you wish to kill a man , however , you must pull through with the machete and take the man 's head . 
 lumusi was heart of the people 's overlord , one of the most notorious killers in the sahara . 
 kane dragged his glowing finger across the edge of the knife . 
 leon : heart of the people 's parents were loyal servants to lumusi . 
 when they presented the decapitator with the boy who had the magical ability to spark fire from his palms , lumusi bred the boy to be her understudy . 
 she taught him how to administer disease , how to attack any dissenters with vitriolic acid . 
 she taught him how to drain spinal fluid . 
 she taught him how to shoot down innocent men in front of a mud wall . 
 she taught him the meaning of power . 
 all other assassins blindfolded their victims , but the nameless warrior looked them in the eye when he took their lives . 
 kane nearly dropped his guitar on top of alma . 
 he looked at heart of the people , disgusted , and held alma close to his chest . 
 leon : heart of the people is from a place where your concerns , kane , are not only petty , but unknown . 
 imagine - you look a perfect stranger in the face and kill him in an instant because if you do n't kill him in that second , he 'll kill you first . 
 eat or be eaten . 
 the leopard snarled its one-fanged snarl in the cage . 
 leon : heart of the people 's history is the exact opposite of what he is to accomplish in the future . 
 he has been inspired to create a positive change , and his inspiration is renewed with the eye of the decapitator in his pocket . 
 kane handed the blade back to leon , who thrust it into the holster at the one-armed man 's waist . 
 only then did heart of the people notice that the blade had ever been removed , and he clutched his leopard 's fang necklace as if to remind himself of the peace he was to create . 
 kane : there has to be more to this . 
 leon : there always is . 
 one day , lumusi sent our fiery warrior to a small jaali village to fetch the blood of a child as a reminder to distribute a cut of every crop to the decapitator . 
 alma gasped . 
 kane 's heart thudded into his rib cage , thinking for sure his lover had passed on , but her heart remained constant , beating in 9 's . 
 he kissed her gently . 
 the warm touch of her moist lips sent a tingle from his spine to his toes and he held her so close but it would never be close enough , and he breathed her scent like a drug , peering into her thoughts . 
 kane : keep going . 
 she needs to hear this story . 
 leon : heart of the people led a squad of mercenaries to the village . 
 they wreaked their usual havoc - spraying gunfire to signal their arrival . 
 the fiery warrior demanded every member of the tribe brought forth for examination . 
 when he felt confident that the entire tribe was indeed before him , he surveyed the children to determine which child would best suit lumusi 's needs . 
 heart of the people was only fifteen years old . 
 he was still a child himself . 
 but he looked every child in the eye . 
 if his eyes flashed , it was a signal to his men that the selected child was about to be an orphan . 
 just as they began their war dance , he heard noises from one of the clay huts . 
 heart of the people , for the first time , turned to leon . 
 though he could n't understand leon 's english , he knew exactly what story leon was telling because leon used the same tone of voice to tell this story in every language he ever told it . 
 the percussionist looked to kane and alma , assessing their worthiness , and nodded his approval to leon . 
 leon : the warrior followed the sound into a straw hut , where a man sat alone on a bamboo rug , beating his palm against a talking drum . 
 alma shivered in kane 's arms . 
 he wrapped the blanket around her . 
 leon : what affect that drum had on heart of the people , i will not try to voice to you , for i would only shame the eloquence with which he speaks of divination . 
 but that drum changed him . 
 he walked back to his killing squad and burned them all alive . 
 then he marched to lumusi , plucked out her eye , and vowed never to murder again . 
 he stole her famous red blade along with her eye , and he has only unsheathed that blade twice since it 's been in his possession . 
 you witnessed one of these occasions in the cave . 
 kane : and the other ? 
 leon : i ask you to recall the story i told you the first night we ever met , the story in which the sudanese government invaded our huts , and we stoned the lone soldier to death . 
 it was the night that heart of the people 's musical tribe disbanded . 
 kane : of course . 
 leon : you see , i was the one who cast the first stone . 
 but heart of the people cast the fatal stone , finishing the job that i began . 
 he and all his followers had stoned a man to death . 
 he had broken his vow to never kill again . 
 he made another vow , and this vow has been held . 
 he vowed to carry the sins of his people across the land , as any true leader will do . 
 kane : what do you mean ? 
 leon : he still has the arm . 
 kane : excuse me ? 
 leon : would you like to see it ? 
 kane had trouble producing words . 
 kane : he cut off his own arm - are you - leon : it was the arm that cast the stone of death - that arm was the mark of his sin and the sins of all his people . 
 i followed him as he walked that desert night , watching from a distance as he severed his arm with the red blade . 
 kane : wha - leon : in preparation for my venture into the wilderness , i had learned how to tend to wounds . 
 i was able to save his life . 
 you and alma were prohibited from loading and unloading the wagon because we could n't allow you to discover the arm . 
 heart of the people carries the sins of his people so that they may be absolved , so that they may learn peace . 
 though our stay in the wilderness was an experiment , it was very much real . 
 heart of the people is a man who has endured the grittiest of war - and because of this , he shall bring peace . 
 heart of the people flashed his red eyes . 
 kane was struck with a reverence that was almost holy , sharing love with alma on the plane . 
 kane -lrb- leaning back , clutching the mirrored guitar -rrb- : peace has been attempted many times through the history of civilization - not once has it had lasting success . 
 leon : though government commands the war , no government official has ever truly witnessed the horror that his decision brings to the people . 
 i have dreams in which i guide elected officials through the poorest communities . 
 kane : as a naive person , i can tell you with one hundred percent certainty that you have the most naive plan i 've ever heard . 
 not only will they deny you as a tour guide through poor neighborhoods , they 'll turn on you . 
 when anti-government propaganda pops up at the same time you come back from the dead , they 're going to recognize that it 's not a coincidence . 
 they 'll oust you , leon . 
 leon : that 's where you 're wrong , my friend . 
 i 'll be ousted from the second i walk off this plane - i 'll never be trusted again . 
 the government is smart , they are aware of our mutual dissonance . 
 i wo n't have uncensored access to the media or the people . 
 they 're going to turn me into a symbol of war . 
 kane : are you going to society to bring peace or to be a war symbol ? 
 leon : i predict that the government will tell the public that my suicide was , in actuality , a kidnapping hoax performed by the natspatsuvians - this excuse would be a convenient justification for war . 
 they 'll call to their people to seek revenge against natspatsu . 
 my existence is sure to be akin to that of a prisoner . 
 the public will be given the impression that i am a high-ranking official who has been wronged by a false enemy , while in reality i will be a powerless puppet . 
 kane : so what can you do ? 
 leon : i can outsmart them . 
 the longer i remain their puppet , the longer heart of the people can perform his work unnoticed . 
 if i can ensure that they continue believing me to be their slave , heart of the people will be working right under their noses to get access to the people . 
 together we 'll put this crazy world in order , kane . 
 we 're going to change the way we live with each other . 
 kane considered for a moment , rubbing his hands over alma 's face to warm her shivering cheeks . 
 leon 's ideals of peace and fortune were so childish to kane - they were pipe dreams , impossible in the immitigable orb of earth . 
 for leon to believe with such conviction that he can ever establish peace was preposterous . 
 leon understood the basic tenant that true peace can not be achieved with bloodshed - if peace were attained through means of war , then it really would n't be peace at all , but coercion . 
 what leon did n't realize was that men could never agree to peace . 
 the government and the people will never bond in brotherhood because both the people and the government are trying to control each other , just as all men and all organizations have a will to exercise control . 
 leon did n't understand that peace among men was as inaccessible as eden . 
 an urge struck kane in a way that it had n't struck him since the lightning - it was an urge to debate , and not just debate , but to constrict leon 's freedom with his words in the way that he had always spoken to hank adaline . 
 kane : so you want a revolution ? 
 leon : no . 
 kane : but that 's what will happen . 
 if the people resist the government , the government will release the military on its people . 
 leon : they already have . 
 kane : already have what ? 
 leon : according to these documents , the military is killing the people they were hired to protect . 
 kane : so what 's your move ? 
 leon : unfortunately , our government lives in fear . 
 when any government lives in fear , it begins to ignore its responsibility to the people , which is supposed to be its sole responsibility . 
 a government must never consider itself to be a self-contained entity . 
 a soldier is the noblest profession of all , yet we forget that the responsibility of the soldier is to protect the interest of the people , not the government . 
 this is my logic , but the plan is n't mine . 
 the plan belongs to heart of the people . 
 heart of the people clutched the fang at his neck , solemn and firm-jawed , staring silently into the clouds . 
 kane : if the military turns on the government , then the government will find new soldiers - a hungry man will do anything for food . 
 leon : yes , but i have money too , and i have taught heart of the people to funnel this money to mountain song , who will reward soldiers for abstaining from the military . 
 kane : however much money you have - it 's not enough to compete with a national government . 
 leon : it 's enough to start . 
 i hope to gain wealthy sympathizers - like you , kane . 
 you have money . 
 kane thought for a moment , paying serious attention to leon 's words for the first time since he watched his mentor throw a knife into the nameless stranger 's trachea . 
 leon : you never see a smiling face on any currency . 
 why does money have to be so solemn ? 
 why ca n't money smile ? 
 leon paused and stroked his shaven chin . 
 leon : think about this , kane - many of bonabal 's soldiers are illiterate . 
 they 've never even read the koran . 
 they give their lives to defend a text they 've never read . 
 we can funnel money to the people . 
 the good can win . 
 light coursed through the jester 's veins as his fingers relaxed over the fretboard and he geared for war against hank adaline . 
 leon : in plato , the officials are the lowest-paid members of society . 
 a government should run on merit , not capital . 
 men have made great progress . 
 we 've amassed enough resources for all of us to share contentedly . 
 of course , those with greater merit will earn more resources than those who contribute less to society , but the disparities will be far less than they are right now . 
 every man will be provided sufficient provisions . 
 a pooling of such resources can never be arranged in the wild - only a society can arrange a situation where every mouth is fed . 
 alma whispered something , but it was too soft for kane to hear . 
 feeling the slight muscle movements in her sunken skin , it was evident that she had been listening to every word of their conversation . 
 her cheeks tightened whenever she heard something exciting or something she agreed with . 
 kane tried to lead her to speak , but he did n't know where to begin . 
 he put his hand in hers , and she brushed her index finger gently over his palm . 
 kane had never been more grateful to be alive than when touched by a woman who loved him . 
 to think that this moment could be the last time she ever brushed her finger in his palm caused the tears to well in the eyes of the born-again poet . 
 then he noticed that she was tracing the pattern of a cross . 
 kane : religion - as long as religion exists , people will fight for it . 
 and you wo n't be able to stop them . 
 leon : i grew up in islamic bonabal - you forget how much religion factored into my upbringing . 
 religion can do wonderful things for an individual , but it destroys societies . 
 i never adopted it because i always believed that religion exists due to fear . 
 so many religions rely on texts that are thousands of years old , but humanity has made sweeping advances since then . 
 these texts came into existence because people , in their newfound civilizations , needed a source for morality as well as a guide to explain the phenomena of the natural world . 
 since then , science has explained much of these phenomena , and the teaching of morality has become the duty of the parent . 
 religion has drastically waned in influence over much of the western world because the rules that were effective in the past are no longer applicable . 
 it may take several generations , but i believe the east will soon follow . 
 the demise of religion is the next step in human evolution . 
 kane : do you realize how idealistic you sound ? 
 it 's impossible . 
 leon : if i do n't chase my ideals , i might as well wither . 
 kane : yes , but your ideals are n't your own - your ideals are on behalf of all men . 
 leon : i agree - my ideals depend on others to come to fruition . 
 so do yours , kane . 
 you wish to kill hank , and you ca n't do that without hank . 
 no one can do anything purely alone . 
 as individuals , we 're always dependent on others for success . 
 i 've seen the same trend in technology . 
 the entire globe is becoming one society . 
 the smaller the world becomes , the better we 're able to piece together the puzzle of humanity . 
 these are no revolutionary ideas , kane , but the act of accelerating them is revolutionary . 
 i believe one day there will be one world government and one world language - a world without borders , for better or worse . 
 the lines that have been drawn between nations are n't just blurred , but faded and illusory . 
 our differences only point to our similarities . 
 race , religion , and geography will no longer matter . 
 the more we know , the more we mature . 
 we share one pulse , one story , and one struggle . 
 together , we can know peace . 
 kane : this is insane . 
 leon : i do n't plan to live long enough to see the fruits of my work , but i do plan to catalyze the movement . 
 it 's not the strength of the individual that matters , but the strength of all mankind . 
 we 're stronger now than we ever have been in our history . 
 heart of the people can make this happen . 
 kane : but how ? 
 leon just placed an open hand over his heart . 
 kane sat , contemplating , having completely forgotten his conceptions of leon as a murderer . 
 there was a riddle somewhere in leon 's abstract musings , and kane was trying to piece it together . 
 he wondered how much of leon 's plans , if any , alma understood . 
 she breathed fitfully and painfully with her head in his lap . 
 the pilot poked his head through the cabin door and spoke to leon . 
 leon : it seems we are to land soon . 
 we 'll be disembarking in bonabal , but the pilots have been instructed to fly you two and your leopard to athens . 
 you 'll be driven directly to the parthenon . 
 alma shot upright in a frisson , causing the rest of them to panic . 
 she lay her head back down in kane 's lap with a smile on her face . 
 if alma never knew about anika and her obsession with violet and 9 , she would have been thoroughly confused . 
 the pressure lessened in her head and she reveled in the lighted comfort of her lover 's lap . 
 during her spasm , there was a 9th of a second in which everything became grey and dim , but when she lay her head back down in kane 's lap , her blank world of sight returned to its inexplicable violet hue . 
 she felt the aircraft rocket downward in descent . 
 leon : though i would love for you to join my cause , i understand you have a task to complete at the parthenon . 
 suddenly reminded of his oath to kill his brother , kane shuddered at the thought of how soon his fate was to unravel . 
 leon : would you like to know the secret to cloning , kane ? 
 it 's quite simple , really . 
 you isolate the regenerative qualities in the human anatomy - the ability of the body to heal . 
 scars , as you have so poignantly demonstrated by that tattoo on your forehead , shape one 's character . 
 even so , there 's a natural propensity for the body to heal so that it becomes full and unified once again . 
 these are the qualities we must isolate - not just in the human body , but also in the spirit of humanity , so that we can heal from the wounds that we 've inflicted upon ourselves . 
 cloning is a dangerous affair , but this idea is sacred . 
 the plane tipped on an angle to turn its course and face the runway below . 
 heart of the people gripped his armrest with his one hand , shrieking with gleeful uncertainty as the leopard growled inside its cage . 
 the two diplomats had spent the entire flight estranged by baltasar kanaan , and they did n't know enough english to speculate into what elements of his mysterious past could be triggering his strange behavior . 
 they only knew enough to realize that his behavior was undoubtedly strange . 
 leon : how do you think i managed to kill my clone ? 
 kane : with a shotgun . 
 leon : stop being a smart-ass , i 'm serious about this . 
 leon sat up . 
 leon : you see , it was never an exact clone . 
 sure , it had my exact genetic makeup , but i snipped the nerves along the spinal column to restrict the clone from movement . 
 do you know why i did this ? 
 kane : to make it easier to fire into his mouth ? 
 leon : i restricted the clone from movement because , if he was able to move , he might 've killed me first . 
 kane nodded , unsure of where leon was going with this unfit parting message , yet somehow sure that he was going somewhere because leon seemed far less loony now than when the jet was mid-flight . 
 leon : i trust you 'll guard my secret about clone work . 
 clones are dangerous . 
 certain things should never be duplicated . 
 just because we have capability , does n't mean that we should us it - we have been blessed with the almighty power of judgment . 
 kane : i understand your point , leon , but if we were to attain peace , which is a fantasy in itself , then life would become monotonous . 
 leon : what are you saying , kane ? 
 kane : i grew up as part of a fightless generation . 
 we had wars , sure , but nobody cared for them . 
 our hearts were n't in it . 
 the real wars were in our homes , in our heads . 
 what we did in the scoundrels was to give people something to fight for . 
 leon : why did you need a fight ? 
 kane : because life 's boring without a fight , leon . 
 peace , liberty , justice - these are all just words , names , political moves ! 
 leon : that is a pathetic outlook , kane hailand . 
 kane : maybe . 
 but at least it 's not a fantasy . 
 leon : we have a responsibility - to the flora and the fauna , to ourselves and to each other . 
 heart of the people is an effective leader because he recognizes his own shortcomings , and he sees the strength in others . 
 he believes in his people , and he 's not a despot . 
 kane : really - because i remember him lighting my hands on fire in the goddamn desert . 
 kane glared at leon , now a philosophical adversary as any being of intelligence was a philosophical adversary to the jester . 
 the plane hit the runway and the leopard jumped inside its cage . 
 alma 's head bounced . 
 kane did his best to provide her a cushion in his hands . 
 leon : we are to part soon . 
 if nothing else , i want to tell you that , well , i was at the point of giving up . 
 we were so lonely and it looked as if nothing would ever change . 
 but then you came along , and we were no longer lonely . 
 you made us a family . 
 you gave me hope , kane , and i 'm only trying to return the favor . 
 kane : what if the same thing happens - heart of the people has broken his vows before . 
 leon : we made a mistake . 
 we thought we could find peace away from society . 
 but now we know that we can bring peace to society . 
 you should make peace too , kane . 
 you and hank share so many stories , and still you do n't know peace . 
 the past is the past and it always will be , but you ca n't let it control your future . 
 the world is dangerous , undoubtedly . 
 i enter the danger with but one promise - i will not provoke violence , but i will outsmart it . 
 the evolution of war contradicts that of civilization - as we 've become more civilized , our wars have become more barbaric . 
 there used to be rules in war , but now we have guerrilla warfare . 
 war is uncivilized - it has no place in civilization . 
 the two pilots exited the cabin and opened the plane door for leon and heart of the people . 
 kane rose to say his goodbyes . 
 he and leon embraced , because for all the mania he endured under leon 's guidance , it was one of the most amazing experiences of his life . 
 arms wrapped around his former idol , kane whispered in his ear . 
 kane : do you really want peace ? 
 leon : i do . 
 kane : i think you just want to try to do the impossible . 
 leon : you would n't know . 
 you 've never tried it . 
 leon pulled away and looked kane in the eye . 
 leon : a performer can look a man in the eye and say something he does n't believe . 
 quit being a performer , kane , and be the man of passion . 
 you want me to tell you with my words how you and hank can change and grow together , but i would rather slice my tongue . 
 leon bent to kiss alma on both cheeks . 
 leon -lrb- whispering to alma -rrb- : you 've provided us with endless inspiration . 
 when we establish peace , you will be remembered as the great mother of all mankind . 
 before exiting , leon turned to kane one last time . 
 kane peered back at the man whom he modeled his trademark mustache after . 
 leon : light and fire - you 're not so different . 
 leon exited the plane with the bum and the two diplomats in hasty pursuit . 
 heart of the people followed leon , but hesitated as he passed kane . 
 he extended his one hand for a shake . 
 kane , startled at the change in the man 's demeanor , half-expected the percussionist to speak english . 
 heart of the people flashed his red eyes and kane felt divine light in his palm . 
 shaking the hand that once scorched his fingertips , the very hand he always wished to shake since he botched his opportunity at the campsite that first night , kane felt a greater sense of purpose and a greater universal love . 
 heart of the people withdrew his grip and kissed alma . 
 before exiting , he removed his leopard-fang necklace and handed it to kane . 
 the leopard snarled in the cage . 
 heart of the people wrapped a turban around his head and applied glue to a fake beard . 
 disguised , he followed leon into destiny . 
 kane lifted alma into one of the vacant seats . 
 sitting behind her , stroking her hair , he whispered into her soul . 
 kane : we 'll be there soon . 
 do n't you worry . 
 alma : play for me . 
 kane lifted his guitar . 
 he played . 
 though leon failed to convince kane that peace was attainable , he did convince kane to admire the work that leon and heart of the people had planned in the wilderness . 
 leon , if the government did n't kill him , was sure to be entering a situation in which personal comfort will be nearly impossible . 
 he sacrificed his own happiness for a cause greater than himself , and kane had to admire this because he never gauged that capability in his own character . 
 alone with his lover and his leopard , the only thing that mattered was ending hank adaline . 
 the nomadic era of kane 's life had ended just as every era in his life had ended - with a new sense of purpose and an abundance of uncertainty . 
 if he died in battle against hank , he 'd never learn whether heart of the people wrought success in his pursuit of peace . 
 he 'd never bury alma . 
 bathing in the flowery scent of her hair , kane hailand was newly empowered . 
 kane basked in the galvanizing aroma , symbiotically enmeshing with his guitar as the plane took flight . 
 kane hailand oozed light from every pore in his body . 
 yes , god is a charging bull - a majestic being that thinks in modes of light incomprehensible to humans . 
 so go ahead , heart of the people , go ahead and find your peace - only just wait a short while until we rinse the bloodstains from kane hailand 's forehead . 
 alma lay in kane 's lap as he played . 
 she gushed to herself in her violet cell of existence . 
 though kane had n't found his anima quite yet , she knew with unbridled certainty that he was just a step away from walking off the cliffs of mortality into the paradisiacal abyss of the anima . 
 she had dedicated the last moments of her life to sculpting his identity , and his voice was permeating through her consciousness , clear and violet , chugging in a 9-beat rhythm . 
 the violet , the 9 's , they finally made sense to alma . 
 if it were n't for the warning shot of anika before her , she would have been utterly confounded . 
 but for her to enter the same fate that anika had entered , with the violet and the 9 's , it all made sense . 
 the constant color , the endless rhythm of sound , these were n't phenomena that were occurring in the natural world around her - they were illusions , the illusive effect that kane hailand bestowed unwittingly upon the one he loved . 
 kane , the jester , the master of light , was tapping into alma 's energy to make his music sing . 
 he used all of her energy , robbing her of all vivacity , leaving her with only the discarded parts of him that he was too scared to face in himself . 
 train of power , kane had said , was written in 9-beat patterns . 
 he was afraid of his success in train of power , and so he could n't face 9-beat patterns in himself . 
 he left these to anika , and then to alma . 
 alma could n't yet explain the violet , but there was something about the color that petrified kane . 
 kane 's violet effect , although brilliant , was dangerous . 
 this was the effect that anika never understood , the effect that drove her insane because she never loved him back . 
 but alma did love him , more than she loved herself , and it made her happy to feed him her energy because she was happy to reciprocate his heavenly love . 
 she gathered all of her strength to refrain from singing along with his guitar . 
 she knew that if she sang , she would die . 
 her energy was limited , and it must be reserved for kane . 
 he was so close to his anima , but there was still so much he did n't understand about his purpose in the world . 
 instead of moving forward to become jake , as he was born to be , kane was using his potential to step back into the guise of the jester and kill hank . 
 kane hailand the jester used music as war . 
 though the jester had love in his heart , this love produced a violet effect that was terrifying . 
 kane must put down the instrument , put down the weapon , and leave music and war behind him forever - he must learn to love himself before he can love his brother . 
 alma must reserve her efforts for this speech . 
 then her jake will be saved , and she can die in peace . 
 she laid her head in his lap , his guitar positioned to rest gently on her chest , and they flew miles above the earth in a violet storm of rolling 9 's . 
 when the plane landed , the driver had not yet arrived . 
 the flight crew explained the phenomenon of greek time , the notorious notion that greeks never abide by specific meeting times . 
 kane and alma waited about 9 minutes until the limo arrived . 
 when the car pulled up , kane carried alma through the side-hatch , down the staircase , and into an open limousine . 
 after laying her comfortably on the oblong leather seat , kane went back for the leopard and the mirrored guitar , leading his feline friend using patterns of light , as every flight crewman sequestered in panic . 
 the driver rolled down the window . 
 johnny-john : your friend leon has sent me , kane - no tattoo has ever looked better . 
 no business of mine whether you 've gone insane - just keep that leopard away from my leather . 
 kane : johnny-john ? 
 what are you doing here ? 
 johnny-john was the scoundrels ' rhyming driver . 
 he was at their command 24/7 , shuffling all three bandmates to anywhere they wished to go - except for anika 's disguised taxi visits to kane 's beachside resort . 
 johnny-john : when my master needs a driver , i 'll glide graceful as a swan . 
 kane hailand , i 'll deliver at once to the parthenon . 
 the leopard snarled , inciting johnny-john to roll up the window . 
 kane -lrb- softly , in alma 's ear -rrb- : we made it . 
 welcome to greece . 
 alma made the trek to greece - her motherland , the land of her ancestors , the land of the great mother gaia . 
 though she could n't see the land , she could feel it . 
 it was blissful and serene . 
 her pilgrimage was complete . 
 and now she will die here . 
 her ear felt naked without a flower tucked behind it , but she was born naked and she 'll die naked too . 
 she could n't waste her few remaining breaths on requesting such trifles of kane because all remaining breaths must be spent educating her lover . 
 heartbeat fading 9 beats at a time , she put her finger to her lover 's lips , and spoke . 
 alma : i always thought i was supposed to create a child . 
 i thought that if i made a child , then my anima would be satisfied . 
 but i have n't made a child . 
 i 've made a man . 
 i did n't need to create anything new to make the world a better place , jake - i made it better by learning to love what was right in front of me . 
 alma paused to cough . 
 kane tensed , fearing her death . 
 he wrapped his arms to warm her . 
 he did n't dare speak . 
 he listened , truly , with the efforts of his soul , and breathed the faint sounds of her spirit . 
 alma : if you 're ever unhappy it 's because you 've forgotten what we 've taught you . 
 i 've seen the true you . 
 i 've seen your soul , and you are beautiful , jake , you are wonderful and beautiful and you 've always tried to hide this in every song you ever wrote , but if you do n't hide anymore then you wo n't be afraid of anything . 
 you wo n't be afraid of yourself . 
 kane let his tears fall into alma 's hair , staining them with lover 's salt . 
 he placed his hand in hers , her hand in his , trying to pass his warmth to her because she was getting colder . 
 alma : you 've achieved a following with your music . 
 you 've had an accomplished career , and you can use this power for good . 
 but when you 're in my position and you 're crossing over into death , you wo n't be thinking of any of that . 
 you 'll be thinking of me . 
 just as you 're holding my hand to guide me out of life , i 'll be holding yours , waiting to guide you into death . 
 i have raised you to believe . 
 kane froze . 
 how could she have done that ? 
 how could she have just channeled into his greatest secret , his train of power ? 
 she nearly quoted the final stanza verbatim - behold ! 
 she sees , offering her peace . 
 fly beyond the light together , she will be your guide . 
 suddenly it made sense . 
 tapping into the fuel that once created train of power - his greatest masterpiece and his greatest sin - something made sense . 
 the scoundrels ' problems never resulted from the fact that they never equaled the perfection of their first-ever performance - kane could n't put the rest together in his head , too overwhelmed to broach the brilliance of train of power . 
 alma lay still in his lap . 
 he wished she would say more , but she had nothing else to say . 
 kane : i have something for you . 
 kane reached into his ratty blue-jeans and removed a pristinely preserved violet from his pocket . 
 he tucked the flower behind her ear . 
 it felt so natural and so perfect in her ear that she succumbed to a violet rush of being , making sounds and noises in an almighty release . 
 alma -lrb- a near-smile , eyes closed and calm -rrb- : you make me feel young again , jake . 
 she smelled of violets freshly plucked by the sprites of eden . 
 her hand in his , all was right . 
 alma : take me outside . 
 i 'm ready . 
 kane ordered johnny-john to pull over . 
 he opened the door and carried alma outside to breathe the grecian nighttime air , holding her hand all the while so that he may guide her out of life . 
 he rested her on the ground , a hint of smile across her face , and he felt the life slowly fade from her hands , holding her , singing sweet lullabies to rock her gentle soul . 
 what song he did kane sing to his lover ? 
 well , that 's something that will have to remain between kane and alma . 
 the important thing for you to know is that alma finally rejoiced in her lover 's vocal song , and every breath was pure elation , until she was not quite awake and not quite asleep , but positively dreaming . 
 kane knocked on johnny-john 's window and requested that the driver wait while kane buried the body . 
 johnny offered to help , but kane refused , as this was a deed that must be done by him alone . 
 he sifted his hands through the tough grecian dirt , breathing hot breath to warm the sands . 
 thus kane hailand dug alma 's grave , the only grave he ever dug . 
 he did not use a shovel or a hoe or any other machine - he used the raw physicality that his god gifted him . 
 when alas he had finished , exhausted , rewarded , and ensconced in yet another layer of filth from the earth , he placed the body in the shallow hole and scooped the dirt back over her . 
 he felt that he should write her name in the dirt , to commemorate her resting place - not for any living person to see , but just for her . 
 what would she want to be called - alma , gaia , eve ? 
 with a clawed hand , he snagged a stick from the ground , gripping the wood as he gripped every writing utensil - four fingers against a thumb . 
 this peculiar grip ensured that his hand-written ink always smudged against the side of his hands , sometimes slashing into his wrists and his palms if he became excited enough . 
 he put the stick to the sand , but it did n't seem right . 
 he could n't produce words that would do justice to who alma was and what she meant to him . 
 he reached back into his blue jeans and removed his only remaining violet . 
 fixing the flower in the sand , patting the earth around the stem , he kissed the violet goodbye . 
 * * * track 8 : the genius laments kane reclined in back of the limo , crusted in dust , petting his leopard - stunned . 
 he had buried his lover with his bare hands . 
 now these same hands were to strangle hank adaline . 
 though kane had conquered much of the anguish that resulted from his past , the only way to completely annihilate his past was to obliterate it , to outdo it , to outdo hank . 
 johnny-john unrolled his window and dropped a paper parcel into the backseat . 
 he rolled the window up again . 
 kane leaned forth and examined the package , reading a note tucked beneath the twine - you have been granted the almighty power of judgment - l. kane tore the package . 
 light pulsed inside him as he held the cloth in his hand . 
 somehow leon had located his infamous jester 's hat and ankle-length military tunic - the jester 's original , unscathed , epaulets and all . 
 kane dug further into the parcel , discovering a selection of hand-painted eye-patches at the bottom . 
 instinctively , kane placed the jester 's hat upon his head . 
 his hair had grown since he last donned the hat , not just in length but also in volume , and the floppy-eared hat fit tighter than it used to . 
 kane always favored a loose-fitting hat , one that would bounce and refract light in the most spontaneous of paths . 
 he considered ditching the hat , but he thought of how hank would react if the mad dj ever glimpsed kane hailand 's tattooed forehead . 
 kane thought of alma as he dressed . 
 he thought of her burial , recalling the doleful crescendos of dirt upon her empty body . 
 dressed in full jester 's garb , kane struggled to choose the most appropriate hand-painted eye-patch . 
 most of the patches depicted animal stage companions from an era of his life that was no longer relevant . 
 he rechecked the package for any more notes from leon . 
 feeling the bottom of the box , kane felt a piece he had n't noticed before . 
 rubbing a smooth piece of glass between his fingers , he pulled a mirrored eye-patch from the now-empty package . 
 staring out the window with his one uncovered eye , kane watched the land go by . 
 the land was composed of the very dirt that he shoveled over his lover 's remains . 
 he wanted to touch her , to kiss her , to run his fingers through her hair and hear her lyre . 
 but she was gone - he was alone . 
 the streets of greece were lined with lemon trees and violet flowers . 
 somehow kane sensed that alma was with him . 
 the roads , though dark , were green and mountainous . 
 greece was the birthplace of democracy , but the land has seen just about every form of government since . 
 this means that every form of government has failed here . 
 despite the unmatched magnitude of political turbulence to pass through , greece has still retained a sense of beauty that suggests what civilization once was , and what it can again achieve . 
 kane felt the hands of time tugging mercilessly at his ankle-length military tunic to drag him toward his destiny at the parthenon . 
 his nerves ticked like insects . 
 hank and kane , easton and jake - no matter which way you put it , hank came first . 
 kane was here to kill his brother , to violate another beyond the brink of oblivion , fearless of whatever consequences may obtrude . 
 this , kane knew , was principle - the only path to pride . 
 kane unfolded the photograph from his pocket - it was hank and kane , assuredly , and kane was grabbing hank 's leg , holding him back . 
 there could be no rational doubt . 
 but what was kane holding hank back from ? 
 kane hailand had never murdered before . 
 that 's not true . 
 there was train of power - but how could he ever equal that perfection ? 
 kane stroked the leopard , feeding him ice from the limousine bar . 
 he compared the leopard to his past animal companions - sun king the bluebird , icarus the walrus , phaeton the pig of light , the infamous glass pelican - they were always weak . 
 kane recalled the last time the scoundrels played the coliseum - the infamous glass pelican spontaneously combusted during intermission . 
 kane was pressured into playing the second set with a stray cat that the roadies found beneath the coliseum floor . 
 hank adaline thought this was hilarious -lrb- probably because hank himself was the one who incinerated the animal -rrb- . 
 it was the most humiliating show of kane 's career . 
 there will be no humiliation with the leopard . 
 the leopard was an untamed beast of the wild . 
 the leopard was kane 's first legitimate threat . 
 stroking his trademark mustache , kane recalled the days when just a stroke of his mustache would send a crowd of millions into uproar . 
 alma would never have loved him then - he was a scoundrel , impossible to love . 
 he peered out the limousine window through his one uncovered eye . 
 his other eye gazed into the mirrored infinity of his eye-patch to remind him that anything is possible . 
 he thought of alma . 
 she died peacefully , and that was all kane desired in coming to greece . 
 but if alma died peacefully while hank was still alive and sinning , why did kane have to kill hank ? 
 rhythmic light beamed inside him , screaming at him to kill his brother . 
 he could n't remember the rationale behind the murder , but for some reason he felt that the murder must occur . 
 alma said her life had been complete , and it was complete because she learned to love what was right in front of her . 
 she told kane to stop being afraid of his self , but how could kane be afraid of himself ? 
 he was certainly wary of himself because he did n't quite know himself , but he did n't fear himself because fear is a true feeling and you ca n't feel true feelings for what you do n't completely know - or so kane always believed . 
 the leopard snarled its one-fanged snarl . 
 kane ordered the beast to the far side of the limo . 
 he sat alone in thought , wearing the fang around his neck . 
 the car stopped . 
 johnny-john opened kane 's door . 
 johnny-john : here alas , my dear fellow , and there 's no time to stir . 
 bid sir adaline my swift hello . 
 it was swell to see you , sir . 
 kane hugged johnny-john and walked with the leopard through the black grecian night . 
 the parking lot was littered with scoundrels fans . 
 the fans were passionate , as always , dressed in spirit , screaming , ardent to the point of feverishness , tuned in for the raucous , walking over strangers ' cars and streaming smoke in the sky . 
 they were high - if not on drugs then on something else they got from music that they could n't quite draw from life . 
 kane predicted more fans would have dressed like the jester , but there were very few jesters in the crowd . 
 most of the men dressed as hank , while the women dressed as anika . 
 kane bit his lip when he realized that he 'd have to face anika after he murders her husband . 
 dressed as the jester with his mirrored guitar , the one-fanged leopard at his side , kane thought it best to escape the populace and avoid attention . 
 he removed his mirrored eye-patch , squinting past the acres of people to find the ancient temple . 
 he had seen the parthenon in photographs , but this place did n't match the image . 
 this place might as well have been another planet - aliens and all . 
 kane followed the crowd to a turnstile . 
 heads turned as they felt the leopard glide by their legs . 
 on any other occasion , the acropolis would have been closed to the public at this hour , but the site managers opened their offices when they heard that hank adaline planned to appear . 
 the leopard was earning too much attention . 
 kane could sense the alarm in the crowd . 
 he felt the energy of light beaming inside him and he could barely contain his angst . 
 his brain lit and his eyes grew . 
 he was about to panic . 
 he led the leopard back through the street-lit parking lot . 
 fans turned their heads as the jester walked past with his leopard , not a one of them suspecting this crazed fool to be kane hailand . 
 the fans held balloons , flashlights , and signs to support the soundrels -lrb- soundrels was their nickname , because sound was what they made -rrb- , and they danced awkwardly over the rocky rubble . 
 they wore necklaces made of candy . 
 they dressed themselves in varicolored light , perhaps in homage to the once-great kane hailand . 
 squeezing through bodies in the crowded parking lot , kane escaped the mob . 
 he created light near a dumpster , spotting a broken mirror and an open bottle of adhesive in the mess at the foot of the dumpster . 
 thinking quickly , he set his mirrored guitar to the ground and glued fragments of mirror over the leopard 's spots . 
 reflecting every color in the spectrum , the leopard snarled under the light of kane hailand . 
 kane stroked the leopard between the ears and named the beast . 
 kane : that 's a good boy , apollo . 
 kane led apollo up a gravelly hill of rocks and trees , unaware of where he was going but following the chatter of the crowd . 
 trekking through the darkness , kane spotted a monument of half-size columns . 
 this , he knew , was not the parthenon , but the crowd seemed to be wandering through these columns , and so kane followed the mob . 
 the marble steps were slippery , and apollo 's soft paws struggled with every step . 
 grunting and roaring , the leopard 's fuss drew attention . 
 nearby crowd-members turned their heads to address the commotion . 
 upon sight of a jester beaming light from his fingertips to guide a one-fanged leopard , the people could no longer be mistaken - kane hailand was alive . 
 history will be written tonight . 
 quickly , kane led apollo around the back of the pandroseion -lrb- the ancient temple that neighbors the parthenon -rrb- , through the stone rubble , to the south side of the parthenon . 
 from this vantage point , kane could just barely see the eastern front of the temple , where the mad red turntable and the mad red piano had already been set up . 
 built to worship athena , the goddess of war , the parthenon overlooked all of athens . 
 this was the old city of athens amid the modern era it created , an unrolling of human thought from birth until now . 
 kane recognized a red statue of cerberus , satan 's three-headed guard-dog , at the helm of the parthenon . 
 this was the same statue that hank kept at the gates of his mansion . 
 people used to migrate to the parthenon to worship and touch the light of their gods . 
 now hank adaline was going to bring the devil 's fire . 
 stray dogs wandered through the rubble , threatened by the leopard . 
 kane estimated that there were millions of people here , most of them without a ticket because they could n't afford it - scoundrels ' fans were notorious for sneaking into venues . 
 they played the odds with the security team because they figured that out of the millions of fans , what was the likelihood that they 'd be the ones caught by the turkish wrath tough squad ? 
 named after the song turkish bath , the turkish wrath were a group of 9 volunteers who followed the scoundrels and acted as security for their shows . 
 they were never compensated , as hank adaline opposed the idea of a security team . 
 volumes have been written about their methods of punishment when fans got out of line . 
 most of the fans in the crowd could n't even see the red instruments on the pedestal before the piedmont , overlooking all of athens . 
 they would n't see hank when he came out to play , but then again it was n't about seeing hank , and it never was . 
 half of the crowd was here to see the red shadow finger-dance over mozart 's grave . 
 the other half came to see the hottest dj in the world put fire to his turntables . 
 on his way up the steps , kane overheard a story from an uncanny anika impersonator . 
 at first he was struck by how much the fan looked like the quaquaversal anika . 
 upon sight of the fan , he was struck with guilt , as anika always struck him with guilt , and for a moment he forgot everything he shared with alma . 
 but when the fan opened her mouth to speak , and kane heard that squeaky mouse-like voice , it was clear that whoever he was looking at was not the greatest contralto in the history of sound . 
 the impersonator told kane that hank had been traveling the european continent , playing historical landmarks . 
 she said that the pope banned the red shadow from the vatican . 
 hank promised that tonight 's event would just be leisurely playing , that it would n't be a show , but kane knew that there will be a show because hank adaline is a walking show . 
 kane hailand put all his effort into being a showman , but hank never put effort into anything - it was always natural for him . 
 hank 's piano was set stage right , the turntable stage left . 
 9 torches flickered from the front of the stage , and although the marble temple was beige in the daylight , it now appeared as red as hank 's instruments . 
 a red crane , used for restoring the historical monument by day , sat beside the monument , reaching into the night as if called upon to suspend the moon , though the crane was somewhat useless because all attempts at restoring history have failed and they 'll always fail because time passes forward , and the past , though educational , must be relinquished . 
 this idea was the fuel behind the scoundrels ' lyricism , and it just recurred to kane , who was only now realizing the value of his time spent in the wilderness . 
 kane read an educational inscription on a nearby signpost - the duration of the birthday of athena , the goddess of war , is defined by the chariot of helios , god of the sun , and selene , goddess of the moon , at the corners of the piedmont . 
 the greek gods were exactly as the greeks were . 
 according to lore , humans commingled with gods - humans fucked gods . 
 when you build your own myth , as the greeks did , you become gods . 
 alma must have already known this . 
 kane lost his concentration as the crowd roared like a storm . 
 hank adaline appeared in a cloud of smoke , strolling barefoot toward the red piano with that patented snarl , flashing his eyes , a supermodel on each arm . 
 the crowd became a seismic rumble , shaking the earth with their feet , raising their fists , hollering in every language -lrb- which amounted to no language at all -rrb- , displaying all emotions in the human spectrum with potent zeal , demanding as much attention as the earth can demand of the celestial sphere . 
 the fans of the scoundrels and the fans of hank 's solo work paid no attention to roped-off boundaries , and there was no longer anything the turkish wrath tough squad could do to stop them . 
 a riot will ensue . 
 the police will be here soon . 
 hank adaline , that devil , will make news once again as the destroyer . 
 upon sight of his brother , his greatest sin and mortal enemy , kane hailand 's mind dove and drowned into the memory of the deception . 
 * * * in a violet-painted loft located in the secret depths of uncle dross university , the violet 9 circled around hank and kane . 
 the loft , known among the 9 as the theatre , was horizontally bisected at ground level . 
 any outsider would have dismissed the room for a dank storage closet , but to hank and kane and their violet 9 , the theatre was a grand and regal chamber . 
 in hank 's mind , the room was a four-walled cell built for intimidation , served best if it were painted as red as the underworld . 
 kane hailand thought the room to be a temple - it was his house that he had built , and it shall be blue as the heavens . 
 violet was the only compromise hank and kane ever made . 
 the university had given the loft to kane -lrb- or , as they knew him , jake -rrb- as the room-and-board portion of his scholarship . 
 then jake met easton israele , sneaking into a master 's political theory course that neither of them was enrolled in . 
 they quickly realized that they shared a passion for art and rebellion . 
 though their passions were identical , their favored methods were fundamental opposites . 
 jake believed in the ultimate meaning of baltasar kanaan , while easton did n't believe in anything but his piano . 
 then balatsar kanaan killed himself with a shotgun blast to the back of the throat . 
 there was a hurricane in southeastern america that day , and jake was absolutely devastated . 
 he walked into the hurricane , climbed onto the roof , and jumped into a dumpster full of scrap metal . 
 he never blinked when the lightning struck . 
 instead , he thought . 
 his thoughts were as lucid as those of a prophet endowed with the wisdom of the lord . 
 in life , baltasar kanaan was approaching something luminary , but his potential was never realized . 
 someone needed to carry the light , and jake could n't do it alone . 
 he proposed to easton israele that they combine philosophies and teach a class of their own . 
 they would hold the class in jake 's loft . 
 they would host open mic sessions for whoever wished to speak , and together they would find freedom . 
 jake moved his belongings to easton 's place , clearing all but the cockroaches from the university loft . 
 to honor their commitment , easton and jake adopted the monikers hank adaline and kane hailand . 
 those who came to the open mic with intentions to speak were easily dissuaded from doing so - anybody with any semblance of respect would never dare speak at the open mic because to speak would be to disrupt the amazing fratricidal fury that possessed these two kids . 
 the debates between easton and jake were n't just debates . 
 they were shows , and their shows became more popular as they heightened their passions to the status of the rebel . 
 it became too much . 
 easton could n't handle the crowd . 
 together , easton and jake barred those who did n't properly express their commitment from ever attending again . 
 9 months passed . 
 of the original 99 spectators , only 9 remained . 
 they wore violet to blend in with the walls as they watched . 
 these 9 were to be the soldiers of peace and justice . 
 they had spent every moment of the past 9 months studying their tutors ' maxims . 
 they had proven that they believed in every word of kane hailand 's creation manifesto . 
 they were ready . 
 the 9-month initiation proved hard on its leaders . 
 around month five , hank and kane began using drugs and booze to cope . 
 it had been four days since they had last ingested drugs . 
 hank and kane spent these days composing a musical ode to the violet 9 . 
 kane 's 252-line composition was a poetic outline of their plan to distribute power , happiness , and peace among the people - aptly titled train of power , written in red and blue ink in a violet leaflet . 
 tonight was rebel 's eve , the night of the takeover . 
 tonight they will endow their people with a sense of justice as they take the streets . 
 but first , a surprise - hank and kane 's train of power . 
 kane ensured that everything was in its exact place . 
 train of power will transpire as he planned it . 
 there was just one problem - the singer had yet to show up . 
 kane distributed 9 copies of the violet book to the violet 9 . 
 he puffed impatiently at a cigarette , which he smoked to wean him off the drugs - hank had quit cold turkey . 
 sun king , kane 's pet bluebird , was perched atop his shoulder . 
 it did n't matter that the singer was late . 
 hank and kane relished this moment , centered among the violet 9 for the last time , all of them wearing violet from head to toe . 
 their attention was fixed on hank and kane 's imminent dialogue . 
 pacing in a circle , the brothers glared at each other . 
 kane : what is the first phase of art ? 
 the violet 9 -lrb- spoken together -rrb- : the first phase of art is the analyst . 
 the analyst inquires what is this ? 
 hank -lrb- flashing his red eyes -rrb- : and the second phase ? 
 the violet 9 : the second phase of art is the intellect . 
 the intellect inquires what should this be ? 
 kane : state the third and final phase of art . 
 the violet 9 : the third and final phase of art is the rebel . 
 the rebel inquires what could this be ? 
 in his theatre , surrounded by the violet 9 , kane was god - the creator of the universe , adonai , yahweh , the one , kane hailand . 
 but for every inspiration he preached , hank , that devil , was there to disparage the youth and maniacally doctor their psychology . 
 together , they built greatness . 
 hank and kane paced in a circle , glorifying the silence . 
 hank : most of you did n't do shit to get where you are today . 
 you do n't know what it 's like to be like someone like kane hailand , to come from nothing . 
 they told you that your upbringing was privileged . 
 this is a lie . 
 you were never privileged . 
 you were disadvantaged - because you believed in money . 
 kane : that 's where we came in - to ingrain in you a sounder moral code . 
 every bite you put in your mouth is a bite you 've stolen from your brother . 
 every dollar in your pocket is a dollar you 've stolen from your brother . 
 you eat your fellow men as they eat you . 
 not anymore . 
 the old order of things has passed . 
 we are paying our debt to this world for all it has given . 
 9 months ago , you were told to inconvenience yourself for the sake of others . 
 but you have learned since then - you have learned that there is no such thing as others . 
 we are brothers , and true brotherhood penetrates the skin to the soul . 
 hank and kane paced in a diametric circle , speaking more to each other than to the violet 9 . 
 hank : justice - what 's a republic if the public does n't know of it ? 
 the time has come . 
 destiny is a fire that you 'll accept when we release you onto the pavement . 
 attack the moment . 
 let it course through your blood . 
 you wear your colors proudly , for the people . 
 kane : achieve , and then we shall become a fuller self than we ever thought attainable . 
 tonight we endure . 
 tonight we see perfection . 
 tonight we give life ! 
 9 scratches on the door , the singer 's signal - it was time . 
 kane : you have your violet books . 
 when hank gives his signal on the piano , you open your books together , and read along . 
 hank and kane exited . 
 hank poked his head back into the theatre , his only aim being to confuse the violet 9 . 
 hank : consider the possibility that what you 're about to do is the biggest mistake in a pathetic chain of lousy mistakes you call life . 
 consider the possibility that humanity is inherently sinful . 
 what are you working for ? 
 hank exited for good . 
 he introduced kane to the choirgirl who was to act as their singer . 
 her hair was curled in floating chestnut tresses . 
 she wore a white dress that purified her stunning blue eyes . 
 something in her soul was calling to kane , breathing in fantastic light inside his being . 
 it was as if all the energy from the lightning bolt came back with unchecked voltage to ignite him with a sense of purpose . 
 staring at the singer , kane was stupefied electric . 
 hank : this is my girl , lucy . 
 anika : so , you 're jake ? 
 kane -lrb- entranced by her melodic voice -rrb- : uh huh . 
 anika : what 's your last name , jake ? 
 hank : we have new names , baby . 
 that man there is kane hailand . 
 you can call me hank adaline . 
 anika : that sounds stupid . 
 hank : well , it 's not stupid . 
 it 's brilliant . 
 we have one for you too . 
 anika : i do n't want it . 
 hank : you 're anika handel . 
 anika : that 's not even a name . 
 hank : it 's your name . 
 anika : whatever - as long as it 's just for today . 
 say jake , that 's a nice-looking bird you 've got . 
 what 's its name ? 
 kane -lrb- sun king whistling on his shoulder -rrb- : i - hank -lrb- to kane -rrb- : let 's go get dressed . 
 anika : what 's wrong with what we have on ? 
 hank : we have costumes . 
 anika : i 'm not wearing a costume . 
 hank : we are . 
 anika : you guys take this way too seriously . 
 hank : let 's go , kane . 
 kane shook his daze from the enchantress . 
 kane : cigarette ? 
 anika : i 'd love one , thank you . 
 hank : since when do you smoke ? 
 anika : since when do you care , easton ? 
 hank : a voice like yours and you 'll kill it with smoke . 
 anika : go get dressed and let me have my smoke . 
 hank : give her the lyrics to read over . 
 kane handed a copy of the violet book to anika . 
 anika : what 's it called ? 
 kane -lrb- finally able to speak -rrb- : it 's called train of power . 
 anika : where do you guys come up with this stuff ? 
 kane 's ability to speak had long expired . 
 hank and kane entered an alcove to change clothes . 
 252 -lrb- add the digits -rrb- lines , 9 syllables per line , spoken in couplets from opposing narrators - train of power was undoubtedly kane 's most advanced composition to date . 
 but kane could n't think about the performance that was about to take place . 
 all kane could think about was what he was about to do to hank . 
 hank had been playing head-games with the violet 9 all along , but he did n't realize that kane , his supposed friend and partner was pulling the same trick on him . 
 hank had an amazing gift with fire , but it led him to believe that he really was the devil . 
 he thought himself contemptible , a scoundrel of the lowest order - he thought he was capable of murder , free of guilt . 
 kane was about to defile every notion hank had of himself , and he was going to do it with hank 's own fire . 
 he was going to break the pianist 's heart . 
 hank : i emailed my mom a picture of you and me . 
 she called me up crying so hard . 
 i could n't hear what she was saying . 
 kane shuddered . 
 just last month , hank 's mother had drunkenly called kane to say that he and hank were twins , that she abandoned him as a baby . 
 kane initially dismissed this for a joke , but she had left dozens of drunken voicemails over the past month . 
 he never said a word about it to hank . 
 hank nervously tapped his fingers on his lap , knowing exactly what sound would sing if a piano was below his hands . 
 hank : i do n't know how to ask you this , but did you fuck my mom ? 
 kane -lrb- coldly -rrb- : i never met your mom . 
 hank removed his shoes and socks and pulled his red suit-pants up . 
 hank : i have to tell you , i 'm really happy being sober . 
 i would n't tell this to anybody else - especially lucy - but i 'm feeling less guilty . 
 i 've done and i 've said some horrible stuff , but i 'm sober now and things are looking better . 
 everything 's been so much more pleasant between lucy and me - she 's still a little mad at me , sure , but i really think i can make it better . 
 for a while there , those drugs had me thinking i was gon na leave her . 
 kane -lrb- reluctant -rrb- : you 're lucky . 
 any other girl would 've left you by now . 
 when hank and anika first met , the universe jumped . 
 when he took her hand in his for the first time , all experience and the capacity of mankind took a fiery breath in the comfort of their touching hands . 
 since then , anika had been blindly convinced that no tempest could shake her hank , because he winked like a photograph and he charmed like the devil . 
 but then hank changed when he got involved with the violet 9 . 
 he would leave every night and he would n't tell her where he was going . 
 he changed , and he changed her . 
 this is what hank recalled as he placed the red top-hat over his tangled red wig . 
 he knew he had changed her for good . 
 kane -lrb- fixing his hand-painted eyepatch -rrb- : the more practical clothes are , the dumber they look . 
 hank -lrb- tucking a red blade in his waist -rrb- : what 's so practical about an eye-patch and a jester 's hat ? 
 the pair laughed , probably for the only time since they began their open mic nights in the loft . 
 hank and kane were always trying to outdo the other , but now that kane was finally about to deceive hank with irreversible boldness , he was able to shed his conscience and share a laugh with the devil . 
 it was like a game of chess , and the opponent did n't yet realize he was in check . 
 hank and kane emerged from the alcove , fully clad in scoundrels garb for the first time . 
 dressed primly in his stolen military tunic , a treble clef epaulet on his right shoulder , a bass clef on his left , kane hailand 's appearance was blinding . 
 bells jangled from his brass cuffs , his hair was cropped to expose his ears , and the twin sides of his baltasar kanaan-inspired mustache were mirrored as hands preparing to pray . 
 his crystalline collar controlled the light spectrum as the four ears of his multi-shaded blue jester 's hat flopped to their own accord , a hand-painted eye-patch over his left eye to always be gazing into the blue infinity . 
 sun king , his bluebird , perched atop his shoulder . 
 hank adaline astounded in a red three-piece suit , both breasts emblazoned with an initial - ha . 
 he had heavy bags under his eyes from night terrors and wrathful sermonizing . 
 a red top-hat floated above his skull like dust in a moonbeam . 
 his red wig tangled over his shoulders , a mask of red feathers spread over his beaming red eyes , fire heating the souls of his red boots , the same fire that burns within a man in a ring who thrives off the adrenaline . 
 a red blade was tucked neatly in his waist . 
 anika : you guys look ridiculous . 
 hank : ridiculously awesome . 
 kane : polly wan na cigarette ? 
 kane removed the cigarette from his lips and gave the bird a puff . 
 anika : easton , is that a knife in your belt ? 
 hank : will you just relax , baby ? 
 anika : you did n't tell me i 'd have to sing all of this . 
 i 've never sang anything this long before . 
 hank : well you have to sing all of it . 
 kane calculated every damn syllable . 
 anika leafed through the violet book . 
 though the ink was red and blue , it appeared inexplicably violet to anika . 
 anika : i ca n't read your handwriting . 
 is that a 9 or a question mark ? 
 kane -lrb- perusing the verse in his mind -rrb- : it 's a question mark . 
 anika -lrb- to hank -rrb- : why are you wearing purple ? 
 hank : i 'm wearing red - what the hell are you talking about ? 
 anika : can we just get this over with ? 
 kane : sure . 
 let 's head outside . 
 hank : outside ? 
 kane : your piano 's outside . 
 i set up a mic . 
 they 'll hear us through the speakers . 
 even when he was about to do it , kane was n't quite sure why he ever felt it necessary to deceive hank . 
 at first , he planned to bring hank back to reality , to sober him up and start a band . 
 but hank was sober now . 
 hank was sober and happy and he had the most beautiful girlfriend kane had ever seen . 
 but kane did it anyway . 
 he deceived hank , because , well , just to prove that even a genius could be fooled . 
 it was time for something new . 
 the poet needed a larger outlet than the violet 9 , and hank was n't ready to move on . 
 the trio performed train of power - their magnum opus , their premature peak , their one perfect masterpiece . 
 when it came time for the finale , in which hank was to summon a great burst of fire from the mad red piano , the heat from his fireball detonated the pipe bomb that kane hailand rigged in the plumbing , and every member of the violet 9 perished in flames . 
 the impact of the bomb sent hank adaline flying from the red piano . 
 when he landed , the blade at his waist plunged deep into his thigh , forever damning him with a lopsided limp . 
 * * * the moon was red as blood , emitting a spectral aureole onto the swirling audience . 
 escorted by his supermodel companions , hank adaline sat at the grand red piano , wearing an eye-mask made of feathers plucked from the mythological phoenix and a red suit cut at the sleeve to expose a violet-inked tattoo of the 9 letters anika handel once carved to epitomize their relationship - scoundrel . 
 his ridiculous outfit , along with everything else in the world , will no longer matter when he puts his fingers to the red piano - 999 pounds of pure sound upheld by red porcelain demons , all eighty-eight keys painted red , the closed piano-top decorated with a bed of roses that never burn but act instead like torches - hank 's mad red piano , the percussive pulse of a generation past its prime . 
 scoundrels ' fans unanimously exalted , much to the disdain of their younger counterparts who had come to see hank spin behind his turntables . 
 this electronically-inspired younger generation had collectively downed a laboratory 's worth of chemicals in preparation for their favorite dj , and it was wrecking their buzz to see hank at a piano . 
 hank 's dolled-up escorts sat on his lap , one on each leg . 
 kane had never seen this stunt before . 
 he figured anika was used to this by now . 
 hank never made an effort to hide his extramarital affairs -lrb- he always demanded that the floors backstage be bubble-wrapped for sex -rrb- , but to flaunt his promiscuity before of a crowd the size of a nation was impermissible . 
 the brunette on his left leg held a bottle of whiskey . 
 the blonde on his right leg , his lame leg , held a bottle of red wine . 
 a fresh keg of beer had been built into the piano . 
 whiskey , wine , and beer - hank 's holy triumvirate . 
 the whiskey was to remind him of how much he hated himself . 
 the wine was to help him forget . 
 the beer was for the sport of it . 
 hank took a sip from each bottle -lrb- hot sauce had already been added -rrb- , and the audience applauded with sound-shattering energy . 
 he snorted a line off the girls ' breasts as the crowd cheered to heighten the insanity . 
 hank 's mind was always at war with his body , and the drugs played both sides of the battlefield - but that 's hank , excessive hank , sniffing cocaine off of perfect-ten tits . 
 parthenos , the root word of parthenon , means virgin , but just look at what hank adaline is doing at the forefront of the temple . 
 fans held light-up lcd posters , screaming nonsense and setting their clothing on fire . 
 years ago , hank adaline invented a game for international audiences to play during the concert - international fans were encouraged to tote their native flags , and by the end of the show , whichever flags had n't been burned by fellow fans would be autographed by the red shadow . 
 the fans did n't need to fight over nationality anymore - there were those who came for the piano and those who came for the turntables . 
 you were either on one side or you did n't matter . 
 the piano fans will claim to have gotten there first , while the dj fans will be too hungry for destruction to really give a shit about the piano fans ' existence . 
 kane believed that the core of the battle lay in his lyricism - the piano fans identify with kane hailand 's dead message , while the electronic fans are the ones who killed that message . 
 only hank adaline could speak to multiple generations so effectively , because hank was a genius . 
 hank never belonged . 
 he was an outsider , and his music served as a chronicle for the time in which it was composed . 
 listeners identified with the time that hank established because no one can really know who they really are until an outsider tells it to them straight . 
 kane watched a particularly energetic fan rush the stage . 
 the turkish wrath tough squad quickly assaulted the fan . 
 everybody cheered . 
 hank rubbed his two fists together and cracked his knuckles , the trademark kickoff to a scoundrels show . 
 on a typical piano , the fall is the part of the instrument that covers the keys when folded downward . 
 on the mad red piano , the fall was made of mirror . 
 the red shadow placed his fingers over the keys , snarling at himself in the mirror . 
 his two supermodels fed him liquor , kissing his drunken lips between swigs . 
 kane hailand could barely contain his confusion , unsure of whether to kill his brother or kiss him , buried in a sea of people , dressed in full jester 's garb , just waiting to be swept away by the piano . 
 the brunette slithered down hank 's lap , shocking the crowd as she bent on both knees to service the red shadow below the piano . 
 hank set his fingers over the keys , staring into the mirrored fall - no matter what the girl did , she could never get between hank and the music . 
 many of the all-time great musical acts have played with a setlist , whether written on paper or tediously ingrained in their heads . 
 hank adaline used no setlist . 
 a true rebel acts in the moment and his art lives in the air . 
 the fa ade will crumble when hank 's fingers hit the piano . 
 the sex , the booze , the drugs , the red-feathered mask - all of it will become invisible , and only gory truth will be spoken . 
 pay attention - it 's not often we experience genius in our lifetime . 
 but hank did n't play . 
 instead , he lifted his fingers . 
 he removed the red microphone from the red mic-stand and he turned to the blonde because the brunette was busy between his legs . 
 hank : last week , i stopped to play the trevi fountain . 
 the italian prime minister - i forgot his goddamn name already - the guy invited me to some rooftop gala - fuck if i remember anything else . 
 so i was on that roof , about 9 floors in the atmosphere , and i became really fucking bored , you know ? 
 i mean , shit , i do n't speak italian , and what 's a guy like me got to say to any policy-maker ? 
 so i walked over to the wall and leaped up onto the ledge . 
 and i just sat there , man . 
 i sat on that ledge , 9 floors high . 
 and what do you think i did next ? 
 hank held the microphone to the blonde 's mouth , his hand shaking because his hands always shook when they were away from his instrument . 
 the crowd roared . 
 blonde : you looked down ? 
 hank : you 're brilliant , baby - a fucking plus . 
 i looked down . 
 and what did i think about when i looked down from such a wondrous height ? 
 blonde -lrb- borrowing the mic -rrb- : falling ? 
 hank : no , no . 
 i did n't think about falling . 
 do you know what i thought about instead ? 
 blonde : what 'd you think about ? 
 hank : jumping . 
 i thought about jumping . 
 now , why would that be my first thought ? 
 blonde -lrb- giggling , awkward -rrb- : i do n't know . 
 hank : do you mean to say that there 's not one imaginable scenario in which you could understand my thinking ? 
 blonde : you 're the red shadow . 
 people love you . 
 the blonde raised her hands for the crowd to cheer , trying to save face under hank 's bizarre questioning . 
 hundreds of thousands of souls applauded their love for hank , but he silenced the crowd and turned back to the blonde , forgetting the crowd 's existence . 
 he looked at the blonde and tried to understand her soul . 
 in melancholia , even the most playful of events are somber . 
 hank : there are two types of people . 
 there 's your type , and there 's my type . 
 blonde -lrb- giggling , feeding hank more wine -rrb- : you 're a celebrity ? 
 hank : no . 
 you 're escaping the point . 
 your type could n't possibly understand how thrilling i thought it would be to jump . 
 do you agree ? 
 blonde : i guess so . 
 hank : but your type understands something that i 'll never understand . 
 blonde -lrb- giggling , more wine for hank -rrb- : what 's that ? 
 hank : you understand why i did n't jump . 
 kane hailand began migrating toward the back of the stage . 
 his plan was to travel the outskirts of the crowd until he gained access to the rear end of the parthenon . 
 once there , he would reveal his identity to the turkish wrath tough squad and gain access to the stage . 
 he did n't know what came next . 
 he was walking into an assuredly formative experience , and he did n't want to go through it without alma . 
 he wished that he could speak to her - there were so many unanswered questions . 
 squinting with his one uncovered eye , he spotted strange nicks and cuts on hank 's exposed skin - the markings of a stumbling drunk . 
 hank used drugs and alcohol to quell the pain , to suppress emotion in a paradoxical attempt to heighten sensation whenever he snorts a line of moonbeams . 
 onstage , hank snagged the wine bottle from the blonde . 
 he upturned it , closing his eyes to pretend that the wine poured down his throat from the sky . 
 he corked the bottle , trusting it to never reveal whatever secrets he told it . 
 hank looked as if he was going to play , but the blonde straddled him and threw her tongue into his mouth . 
 you shiver at the prospect of the girl going to the devil , but hank will win her every time . 
 rail some coke , smoke some of this , pop some of that - and wash it down , wash it all down good because what would hank ever do if any were left behind ? 
 making his way through the crowd , kane realized just how badly he needed to kill hank . 
 it was no longer about humanity , no longer about alma or anika or even kane himself - he just needed to put his twin out of misery . 
 it was a pathetic sight - the greatest genius alive on an endless mission to find out how much alcohol it will take to drown himself , drug-addled silly-stupid with synthetics . 
 hank could n't even play his piano . 
 hell , kane would have settled for the turntable at that point . 
 it had been fifteen minutes since hank took the stage , and he had n't done anything except intoxicate himself . 
 somehow the crowd was still as rowdy as ever , as if their congregation alone had brought energy beyond the brinks of humanization , and they were now rooting on hank 's slow suicide . 
 could n't they see that hank 's mind and body were at war before their eyes ? 
 his body tried to heal itself , to undo the damage of the mind that tried to kill him , and these people were encouraging war with more gusto than any spectacle has ever been cheered for . 
 kane heard gossip among the fans . 
 hank pulled a glass from the bench of his red piano and poured himself a beer from the tap that was built into the side of his mad red instrument . 
 the crowd only intensified . 
 the men hollered , the women tore their clothes , and everybody raised a beer to the red shadow . 
 kane was nearing the stage , the mirrored guitar in his close clutches , apollo strutting sneakily behind him . 
 this was madness . 
 this was inhumane . 
 this must end . 
 hank must die . 
 kane could almost feel hank 's scrawny neck between his massive hands - the life of a genius , the misguided spirit of crossed cultures , slowly vanishing in his grip . 
 anika was near - he could sense her . 
 the supermodels were now lying in the bed of rose-torches atop the piano . 
 the piano played . 
 music is timeless . 
 the reaction to music is timeless and will far outlast the grips of humanity . 
 as demonstrated by the parthenon itself , it requires a staff of people to preserve history 's monuments and temples , its paintings and sculptures , until the original work disappears under an uncanny suggestion of the genius it once held - but music is indestructible , alive in the veins of the listener . 
 whatever questions kane had been asking himself transformed into absolute certainties under the spell of hank 's piano . 
 kane 's mind drifted back into the pure ecstasy of a live show , when he and hank explored the shallow depths of human emotion as anika handel yowled into the violet microphone , the world itself birthed of her mouth . 
 hank was a student of his instrument , the elite , who recognized that you could melt a man 's face by segueing mixolydian into phrygian with a minor 9 . 
 kane was the great conductor - the symphony of the world was and always will be the dance of his wrist , ticking the universal heartbeat . 
 together , they produced a sound that wrapped not only around the listener , but around all the world , so that the whole world became theirs . 
 kane followed the music , lured by the transcendent sounds of the piano . 
 hank adaline 's pure improvisation was still genius no matter how many artificial stimulants were in his system . 
 thus , hank guided the crowd . 
 hank -lrb- singing slowly as his hands moved automatically -rrb- : amass iconoclasts , i am the rhythm master . 
 hank paused , took a breath , and stared into the moon . 
 once a man experiences true love and true hatred , true anger and true violence , he can no longer live as he once did . 
 he can recall these emotions without any prompting , and they will reassume control of his being in an instant , reminding him that the simple days of innocence have long expired . 
 hank peered into the moon and he let his thoughts leak through his piano . 
 hank : i cradle sweet america , weak and feeble , gasping her last in my arms . 
 i wonder , should i nurture her , or quicken her death and end it all ? 
 i close my eyes , cause i do n't wan na watch - or do i ? 
 i 've met many women in my life , but she is the most evocative . 
 hank leaned forth and kissed the red keys of the piano . 
 hank : she always knows what i want and i always know how to give it to her . 
 sometimes i love her , but most of all i hate her - now is that love ? 
 the supermodels exited the stage , leaving the genius alone to sing his soul through the piano . 
 hank 's vocals , although nowhere near anika 's caliber , were strikingly honest . 
 bask in the galvanizing aroma of the mad red piano . 
 hank : i dream up schemes in my make-believe world while you amuse and confuse yourself with the naivet of the youth . 
 but it 's not the youth who is na ve , it 's the youth who is wise - the unheard wailing youth who knows what you 've forgotten . 
 we 're all born pure , but we mark ourselves with sin - children , never do as i have done . 
 fire incinerates everything but my sins , my clinging pest sins , buzzing like flies in the empty jar of my soul , and i 'm so lonely i 'd rather be dead because at least the dead have company . 
 the only home to call home is a hole in the ground . 
 the mirror screams its loathing to my face . 
 go ahead and smash it , a voice inside me says . 
 kane waited for hank to smash the mirror , as kane once did , but hank continued , fingers playing automatically . 
 the blonde came out with a pair of handcuffs and linked them around hank 's wrists . 
 he never stopped playing . 
 the cuffs could restrain his hands , but they could never stop his music . 
 hank snarled into the mirror above his dancing hands , glaring at himself as he spoke , a prisoner to his genius . 
 he lifted his left leg , his good leg , and began a bass-line with his toes . 
 the piano intensified , building in sound . 
 he diverted his gaze back to the endless sea of souls that were fixated on him . 
 even the skeptics among them were now entrapped by the flaming red piano . 
 hank : in the night , what 's dark is pure - in the day what 's pure is light . 
 no mother to call a mother , no brother to call anything except abandonment . 
 you think i 'm a destroyer and you adore me for it . 
 but you do n't know me . 
 all you know is the image that was fabricated for me . 
 i am the last great sinner - a throne of fire burns in the very pits of hell just waiting to scorch me until i 'm red as the day i was born . 
 satan asked me how i wan na die , to which i replied i wan na melt away , and he retorted but you 're already melting , do n't you see , you 've died without a funeral and your soul belongs to me . 
 then he jumped inside my skin and stabbed me in the thigh with a crucifix . 
 sinners swim in lakes of lava - lava , lava , lava . 
 you call me the devil . 
 you think you know me . 
 i run through you like an animal and you 'll never hear my footsteps unless i decide to jump . 
 they say the way the devil plays is to astound you 'til you 're senseless - music is my weapon and it yields you all defenseless . 
 you 'll learn metaphorically , because that 's how i talk - lyrically , i 'll kill you and lay out the chalk . 
 this world is nothing but a glass sphere that fits in the palm of your hand . 
 hank blew a miniature fireball from his palm . 
 he believed himself a sinner , but it was never more clear to kane that there 's no such thing as sin - there 's no such thing as pure good or pure evil because every individual has a unique motive , and you ca n't consider any action as it pertains to an individual because you have to consider the individual 's actions as they pertain to society as a whole . 
 and then it all just gets so complicated . 
 for once kane understood why hank was always frustrated . 
 somehow , the sorrow that sounded from that mad red piano made it all feel better . 
 there 's an idiomatic expression said of pianists that they tickle the ivories . 
 hank does n't tickle the ivories - he pounds them until they bleed and beg for mercy . 
 allow hank adaline to demonstrate the power that he once used to snap a key from queen elizabeth 's $ 40 million piano . 
 hank : two lonely souls migrate toward one another , but do they speak ? 
 no , they never speak because they 're just too scared . 
 my only true friends are those with their names on glass bottles , the monosyllabic americans who never lived long enough to see their selves become a myth - because i 've been there , man , and i 'm tired of being a myth . 
 i always told my woman not to smile because she did n't mean it when she smiled . 
 and besides , she was just too beautiful . 
 i never deserved that kind of beauty . 
 so i beat that 9-pound smile off her face and now i wonder where it is . 
 whiskey , once bitter , now loses its bite . 
 where o where is my despair ? 
 where o where am i ? 
 everything hank adaline has ever tried was out of line - everything i ever said has been a fucking lie . 
 believe it . 
 pounding into the keys with the untamed rage of some world beyond , hank snapped several keys from the mad red piano and sent them soaring into the mosh pit in front of the monument . 
 this was a frequent occurrence -lrb- every key on the mad piano had been replaced multiple times -rrb- , but the crowd frenzied regardless . 
 fans dove and clawed at one another , desperate to snatch the stray artifact from the mad red piano . 
 hank continued playing , unconcerned with his missing key . 
 the blonde unlocked his handcuffs . 
 hank adaline closed his eyes and breathed skyward , communicating silently with some presence that only he could see , lines cut into his cheeks , his jaw denoting the manifestation of pure pain . 
 the music lightened . 
 the crowd bowed to that unique hour when the sun and moon guard opposite horizons as if in duel with their own timeless reflection , and kane hailand understood his own presence at the parthenon . 
 though he still believed leon to be idealistic , he could n't ignore everything his mentor told him . 
 much of what leon had said was filtered through alma 's lips before she died , and kane had n't fully understood the meaning of alma 's words until he examined his brother hank , alone among the masses that love him , the tragically misunderstood icon of sin . 
 kane was the one who damned him . 
 he damned hank with train of power . 
 the truth was the mirror that kane could n't stand to confront , that inescapable mirror . 
 kane last stood at a mirror with a fistful of bloody glass and a freshly cut tattoo . 
 something happened on the other side of that mirror - kane hailand was petrified of himself . 
 alma had been telling him all along that the change he needed was to be honest with his self . 
 leon said the same thing . 
 kane was a broken man . 
 he was as broken as hank was . 
 together , they created the grandest soundscapes in the annals of time . 
 the only way kane could absolve his self of his guilt was not to get rid of hank , but to save him . 
 kane was here to play the song of peace . 
 the turkish wrath tough squad patrolled the monument , blocking the fans from the stage . 
 kane rounded the parthenon , the leopard close behind . 
 he walked with confidence , loosening his fingers over the fretboard of the mirrored guitar . 
 upon sight of kane and his leopard , a guard from the tough squad lifted a radio to his mouth and aimed a pistol at kane 's face . 
 the guard mistook the jester for a common impersonator . 
 kane : it 's me . 
 it 's kane . 
 kane walked forth calmly , the leopard behind him , staring into the muzzle . 
 rory : do you know what we do to folks who insult the memory of the jester ? 
 kane : rory ? 
 rory , it 's me - kane . 
 rory -lrb- cocking the gun -rrb- : you 're 9 seconds away from a lifetime of regret . 
 audaciously , kane stared through his one uncovered eye and placed his hands together as if preparing to pray . 
 he slowly parted his large hands , concentrating a bridged beam of light between his fingers . 
 sustaining the beam between his hands , he scrunched it back and forth like an accordion . 
 the accordion was one of his most famous tricks . 
 in scoundrels shows , kane would bring out his accordion of light , pretending to pass off hank 's piano as his own music while he mimed a performance to woo anika . 
 rory lowered his gun and hugged kane . 
 rory -lrb- choked up -rrb- : where 've you been , dude ? 
 we missed you . 
 kane : i 'm here now . 
 how can i get onstage ? 
 i wan na surprise hank . 
 rory pointed to a roped-off passageway , and kane shot a beam of light to confirm his path through the depleted stone of the parthenon . 
 rory -lrb- lifting a radio to his mouth -rrb- : boys , we 're in for a hell of a show . 
 the parthenon is the foul-preserved birthplace of western civilization , and for hank adaline and kane hailand it culminates at this very spot . 
 kane and apollo crept through the dark temple , climbing over ropes meant to block tourists and scoundrels fans . 
 the stage crew tuned kane hailand 's mirrored guitar and plugged it into the amplifiers . 
 still backstage , plugged into the dome of sound , kane listened to hank 's piano , deciphering the tonal language to discern which notes he should play to accentuate the music . 
 hank segued into the bride wore violet , a song kane wrote about standing up at hank and anika 's wedding . 
 hank 's playing sounded so sad . 
 it sounded like betrayal . 
 pressing his middle finger into the 9th fret of the bottom string , kane was immediately in tune with the sound . 
 the mirrored guitar resonated through the land . 
 everyone , most notably hank adaline , looked to see where the sound was coming from . 
 hank continued playing . 
 so did kane . 
 the people joined in song with the piano and the guitar . 
 for kane to hear strangers sing the words that he once wrote brought feelings of pure exoneration from all past failings - all of them united by the words of kane hailand . 
 kane had fantasized a song of peace , a harmonious duet to filter all bad blood and continue as brothers . 
 it was fitting that he and hank were to make peace in front of all their fans , because in so many ways everything he ever said to hank was said through their fans in the form of song lyrics . 
 kane knew , as assuredly as one knows one 's self , that he had found his anima in the guitar . 
 he gazed into the heavens to find alma , and he felt her in his soul . 
 more than an instrument , the guitar is a mode of thought - it is an interpreter , a fundamental purpose , an anima , and he could feel alma in his playing . 
 sing , great guitar , sing ! 
 the crowd reveled in merriment , but hank 's piano became increasingly frustrated . 
 he wanted to know who it was that would dare plug a guitar into his show . 
 not yet ready to expose himself , kane sent apollo forth as a peace offering , guiding the one-fanged leopard by reflecting tactical beams of light against the mirrored guitar toward the stage . 
 the crowd gasped upon sight of the leopard . 
 no one applauded . 
 random fan : get on the turntable ! 
 hank continued on the piano , undistracted by the heckler or by the one-fanged leopard on his stage . 
 kane had no choice but to continue playing with hank . 
 hank 's playing became intense and defensive . 
 it occurred to kane that , as far as hank knew , kane could n't play an instrument . 
 still , the presence of the leopard should have made it obvious that it was kane behind the stage . 
 it was time to expose his identity to his brother , to play the song of peace . 
 behold the glory , two scoundrels are to embrace and shed all former hatred at the base of the parthenon , freezing the attention of the world . 
 nerves tickling , kane stepped onstage in full jester 's garb , playing the mirrored guitar . 
 the crowd released a collective gasp . 
 hank peered into the mirror above his dancing hands and saw the jester behind him , a guitar in his clutches , challenging him as he always challenged him . 
 kane stood dumb with thoughts of peace . 
 hank had thoughts of demolition . 
 leaning into the red microphone , hank snarled at kane through the mirror above his hands . 
 hank : eat my shit with a fork and knife . 
 hank adaline beat his fists into the piano , making the melody roar , accepting his challenger as prey . 
 fervent fans cawed noise too loud to hear , and hank adaline was off in his universe of sound . 
 kane wanted to explain that a battle was n't what he was looking for , that he had come to make peace , but hank was gone in the impenetrable combat sphere , the centered dome of the rebel 's thought in which his annihilation of kane hailand could be distracted by nothing . 
 kane tried to play along on his guitar , to turn the battle music into a sacred hymn of love , but he could n't contend with hank 's mastery . 
 the red shadow drove his fingers like a jackhammer into the piano . 
 all of athens lay below , not a light lit in the city because the city was at the show . 
 all were silent and attentive , focused on the warring brothers . 
 somehow all humanity had a stake in this battle . 
 looking into their instruments , hank and kane 's reflections bounced back and forth between the mirrored piano and the mirrored guitar , neither of them quite sure of whom was standing where . 
 hank looked at kane , into kane , through kane - a look cold enough to frost the sun . 
 silence reigned , and the conversation passed through the eyes and not the mouth because everything the mouth could ever say is bullshit , locked in an eternal stare because all that exists is the present moment and it does n't matter what factors contributed to this passion or the sweet violence of this moment because this . 
 is . 
 now . 
 kane was everything hank hated about himself , everything he wished he were . 
 this was war . 
 kane hailand will be conquered . 
 the orchestra produced by hank adaline 's fingers echoed through the city . 
 a red shadow consumed the visible world to replace all that was tangible , all that was unreal , so that the music of hank adaline lay somewhere between the boundaries of what is matter and what is void , absent from your present dimension . 
 there is no defense against this genius because how do you attack what is n't quite there ? 
 hank 's dexterous fingers do what normal fingers can not , maneuvering like a well-trained army across the keys . 
 thoughts in lingual form ceased to subsist and hank 's red top-hat opened as the militant sounds floated aloft in metaphysical osmosis . 
 all words lost meaning . 
 hank 's mind was an open vault , overflowing with the frantic notes of his piano . 
 further , further , further hank flew , linked to the physical world solely by means of the line thrown by his soul as it spat harmonic truths . 
 all feeling , all thought , and all emotion spewed from his fingers into the keyboard , directing pure hatred at the lowly jester . 
 let kane hailand wither and die , for the world thought he was dead once before and they moved on just fine without him . 
 kane tried to redirect the music , but he felt the pings of failure in his gut . 
 he did n't have a prayer of redirecting the mad genius ' playing because hank was just too powerful . 
 but kane hailand came to play the song of peace , and he had traveled too far to leave without an honest attempt . 
 the luminary jester dove headlong into the world of his guitar , sending aqueous blue vapor from the neck of his mirrored instrument , slithering and rising to summon the pneuma . 
 his thoughts surrounded apollo like a celestial orb , and everyone knew the beast was now one with kane . 
 through the leopard , kane tried to appeal to hank , to make peace with his long-estranged twin . 
 this was to be communication in its most profound form - the sweetest cry and the most heartfelt laughter intertwined in aural climax , a great matrix of music that supported all cosmology and ethical reason . 
 but hank took the leopard as a threat . 
 no matter what kane tried to play , hank found the perfect combination of notes to contort kane 's joy into sorrow , his honesty into frivolity , and his love into violence . 
 kane wished he were able to use his words that he once used so effectively , but he knew that if he stopped playing for an instant then hank would do something terrible and irreversible , because all hank adaline needed was an instant 's weakness to obliterate you . 
 hank spit a fireball toward kane . 
 kane 's arm surged up in flames . 
 he dropped the guitar and beat the fire with his sleeve . 
 hank cackled , snarling his devilish snarl in the mirror where kane could see it . 
 kane removed the burnt military tunic and resumed his instrument . 
 hank stood from his red piano-bench , kicking it backward into kane , knocking the jester on his ass and damaging his mirrored guitar . 
 the crowd was silent . 
 kane 's music was useless . 
 he had no anima - the guitar was just music , noise - sound . 
 it was n't life or love or pain or joy , it was a vested simulacrum . 
 kane could n't even be honest with hank for long enough to say the word peace . 
 no matter how masterful he ever became on the guitar , he would never stop hank because hank was just too strong . 
 then kane remembered what their mother had once told him - if there is to be a battle , hank will win . 
 all kane had to do was give his brother a battle . 
 he would lose , but he would lose graciously , and then he would explain his peace offering to hank . 
 hank -lrb- swigging his liquor , away from the microphone -rrb- : she told me . 
 she told me all about you , brother , and now i 've got you where i want you . 
 hank began teasing the intro to train of power , but even that was too low for the devil . 
 police sirens wailed in the distance . 
 the fans were silent , too shocked to register the gravity of the moment . 
 hank -lrb- into the red microphone -rrb- : you asked for a show and it 's all we ever gave you . 
 so here 's an encore , as never promised . 
 please drive home safe , and do be sure to tell your friends about how i whooped kane hailand 's monkey-ass . 
 hank produced a large globe of fire and left it hovering above his piano before hurling the firebomb into the crowd . 
 panic . 
 mayhem . 
 the leopard moved to pounce , but kane restrained the beast with the strength of his light . 
 a riot ensued . 
 hank 's fire spread through the crowd . 
 some men trampled others while trying escape the fire . 
 some men trampled others while trying to see the fire . 
 some men trampled others while trying to escape the turkish wrath tough squad . 
 some men beat others because they wore security badges . 
 some men beat others because they became convinced that it was acceptable . 
 all men became contentious , fending for themselves . 
 eat or be eaten . 
 the brothers continued their war in front of the temple . 
 red as the devil , hank limped over to his mad red turntables . 
 wetting his fingers with liquor , hank slid his hands over the flames of the record to create a masterful sliding sound . 
 the younger fans -lrb- those who were n't roasting in hank 's fire -rrb- roared their support of the mad dj . 
 yes , they rage at the parthenon , and no , they do n't care - for these are the proctors of youth . 
 kane rose , charging his lightning in the mirrored guitar , his uncovered eye locked on his brother . 
 he paced a circle around hank , the two brothers staring at each other all the while , just as they did in the days of the violet 9 . 
 all else disappeared . 
 the crowd , the cops , the riot , the parthenon - all of it was invisible to the brothers . 
 all that mattered was destroying the opponent . 
 they could no longer see the rubble or the violence they inspired among the innocents . 
 the people fought in the crowd , believing that they were fighting for a worthy cause , although there is no cause worthy enough to violate another 's freedom . 
 the gospel leaked unconscionably from kane 's guitar as though declaimed with honor by a mythopoeic song inside him , dancing his transcendent dance with hank . 
 he shot lightning through the neck of his guitar , desperate to incinerate hank 's turntables . 
 hank was a red demon clawing transcendent death with rapacious talons , fueling the fire of a thousand deaths , spinning his records with red flashing eyes . 
 kane looked into the sky , spotting hints of both the sun and moon . 
 he was going to do the impossible . 
 set the sun - because , despite his former disillusions , the world never really did revolve around kane hailand . 
 in his scoundrel days , kane hailand may have been able to set the sun . 
 as a scoundrel , he was significantly more powerful than he was now , recovering from months of absence , injured by hank 's fire . 
 to set the sun , kane would need to tap into the knowledge he acquired as a bookish orphan . 
 though he was never able to move a body as large as the sun , kane knew that by turning the earth at a fast enough rate , he can create the illusion that the sun was setting - this is the illusion of day and night that is created naturally through the constant rotation of earth . 
 kane also knew that the moon 's gravitational energy was causing the earth to slow its rotation so that in millions of years , a day on earth will last 25-26 hours . 
 if kane hailand could steal the energy of the moon , the earth will spin faster and the sun will set . 
 in the days of the scoundrels , kane was the sun and hank was the moon . 
 kane had changed too much since then , but hank had n't done much changing - hank still fed off the moon 's fiery glow . 
 to tap into the energy of the moon , kane would need to tap into the energy of hank adaline , and the only way he could distract the genius enough to tap into his energy was to play the chord of creation . 
 kane recalled alma 's instructions . 
 his fingers were loose . 
 his large hands were limber enough for maximum flexibility . 
 he began from the beginning , as alma taught him , placing the third finger of his left hand over the twelfth fret of the top string , letting his other fingers slowly spread over the mirrored guitar . 
 with his thumb bracing the back of the guitar , the four fingers of kane 's left hand could n't stretch to stab the notes on the bottom two strings , and so he stopped picking the strings with his right hand and moved both hands to the fretboard . 
 all six notes locked on the fretboard , kane did n't have a free hand to strum the strings . 
 hank looked up from his turntables , laughing to mock kane 's ridiculousness . 
 hands locked to launch into the chord of creation , all kane needed to do was strum the strings and sustain the chord while bending each note a half-step . 
 but his fingers were so stiff in this contorted position that he could n't force the strings to budge . 
 the chord would require another hand . 
 kane looked to hank adaline , who was fading back and forth between 9 of the devil 's records to stack his sound in tritones . 
 kane : you know the chord - play it with me ! 
 the cops tried to unplug the stage equipment , but the turkish wrath , who traveled with enough artillery to ensure that the show and its surrounding riot will continue , battled them away . 
 hank : you know what your problem is , kane ? 
 you 've always been just two lips short of a twat . 
 hank summoned a surge of fire from the top of the red turntables . 
 kane summoned apollo , hands prepped for the chord of creation . 
 he guided the leopard to strum the strings with its one fang , light reflecting off its mirrored spots as the six notes of the guitar sang through the land . 
 all kane had to do was bend the strings up a half-step , but he could n't summon the strength in his hands . 
 the leopard kept strumming with his one fang . 
 the flames from hank 's turntables grew higher into the night . 
 kane gazed into hank 's face in the mirror below the genius 's hands . 
 hank flashed his red eyes . 
 he winked . 
 hank was helping kane . 
 the red shadow was playing half of the chord of creation - he just overlapped certain notes that kane was playing , leaving it to kane to figure out the rest . 
 hands cramped , kane lifted his fingers from the fretboard to begin again . 
 he had never played the chord this way , and he did n't know what notes would complete its sound . 
 but he did know hank , so he listened to hank 's spinning as he always listened to hank 's piano because hank 's music gave life to every word kane ever wrote , and it did n't matter that hank had converted his gift to a new instrument because it was time to return the favor . 
 kane listened to hank spin that record , and suddenly he understood why the youth had clung to hank 's new sound . 
 the music needed no message because the message was in the people . 
 the music needed no content - it needed pulse and drive and power . 
 this was transcendence , and transcendence has no message . 
 the old have forgotten , but the youth still remember - anika and alma were always so attached to the youth because they realized that the youth was so precious . 
 the youth know something , and although they 'll forget it tomorrow , they remember today . 
 kane picked each note of the chord of creation , one by one , building the sound like a musical babel . 
 tapping into the energy of the moon , kane hailand amassed all light inside his being . 
 he had complete control , separating particles from waves while guiding all photons . 
 he hit the crowd with an infrared wave , bending and refracting at will . 
 before anyone could realize what happened , the infrared had disappeared into an invisible ultraviolet because kane hailand presides over you when you do n't even notice him . 
 the moon , once glowing blood-red through the eclipse in the sky , began to wither . 
 the energy amassed in kane 's mirrored guitar , flowing through his body and the body of apollo . 
 with kane 's two hands occupied , kane strummed the strings against apollo 's one fang . 
 the world shook . 
 all the world and everything inside it - the land , the plants , the animals , the men and all their hopes and products , their fears , and their history of conflict - shook and spasmed as the sun began to rise . 
 the sky lit red and a beaming disc of light shone on the eastern horizon , affront the parthenon where the riot had momentarily ceased to observe this most preternatural of phenomena , for the darkness of night had lasted no more than an hour . 
 the sun continued to rise as kane played his guitar , channeling all energy into the turning of the earth , defying the nature of physics and time , breaking all laws and all notions of history and aesthetics as only the truest of artists , the rebel , can do . 
 the sun hit its zenith , high above the land , beaming down to light all of athens in the clear blue sky . 
 but kane hailand was not done . 
 he kept playing , riffing on the chord of creation , and the world kept turning as the sun descended rapidly and hank spun his vinyl , coloring the sky until it faded and disappeared into a small bow behind the temple on the western horizon . 
 darkness reigned once again . 
 the land echoed silence . 
 the riot paused , all eyes affixed to kane hailand , who set the sun . 
 hank 's eyes flashed red . 
 he lifted his fingers from the turntables , smothering the fire . 
 the world reveled in the quiet . 
 then hank traded silence for music . 
 with a great surge of flames , hank adaline set the parthenon , and all of its surroundings , ablaze . 
 * * * track 9 : what could kane hailand have tattooed on his forehead ? 
 reprise wildfire scorched the land , spreading flames over all the acropolis . 
 those fortunate souls who survived hank 's initial blast shed all inhibitions and all practiced customs to play part in total chaos . 
 they ran in every direction because no direction was safe . 
 they cursed . 
 they drank . 
 they beat total strangers . 
 trapped in the moment of mayhem , the people had n't yet considered the amazing possibility presented to them when hank adaline burned all of history to mix a cocktail of tumult , uncertainty , and confusion . 
 chaos was the possibility of beginning anew - everybody always talks about starting over , and there they were , at the zero-coordinate , the point of creation . 
 destruction , you see , can be a beautiful means to creation . 
 though the world no longer had the privilege of examining the material ruins of the parthenon , they were left with the true substance of the parthenon 's existence - the knowledge and wisdom acquired from years of excavation . 
 of course , with hank 's fire still rolling over the city , with mobs still stampeding , still fighting for survival , fighting the police who were supposed to be protecting the very laws that were implemented to secure the peoples ' survival , the records had yet to show how many casualties resulted from hank 's fire-fueled whims . 
 in a weary dream-state , kane thought of leon . 
 leon would have disagreed with hank 's method on a fundamental level because he did n't believe destruction could ever cause reform . 
 but hank was n't looking for reform . 
 hank would say that he had no method because he had no objective . 
 if you asked hank to justify his actions , he would n't be able to - he would n't consider justification something to be desired . 
 hank did what he did because it was something to do . 
 the essential difference between hank and leon was not the fact that hank became an immediate agent of change - the difference was that leon followed a moral code while hank had no such obligation . 
 leon believed in the order of true peace - hank believed in the chaos of true drink . 
 leaning against a cracked marble column , kane hailand awoke to the roaring heat of the fire . 
 he adjusted his eye-patch and rubbed his uncovered eye . 
 smoke and fire burned high all around him , heating his skin . 
 blown away in the explosion , the jester 's hat was cooking in the crackling flames . 
 hank appeared in a cloud of smoke . 
 hank : we shall write ? 
 kane hailand stood , confused . 
 kane : what do you mean ? 
 hank : you fucked up the r. kane -lrb- a pause -rrb- : i - what ? 
 hank : we shall write - on your forehead - you fucked up the r. kane put a finger to his tattooed forehead . 
 although still dazed from the explosion and the overall absurdity of his current situation , it suddenly occurred to kane hailand that we shall write were the mutilated words that he emblazoned on his forehead just lifetimes ago . 
 hank : i 've done some stupid shit in my day - hell , you know better than anybody - look , i do n't know where you 've been and i do n't know who you 've been partying with , but you 've got ta introduce me to these people . 
 i 've never seen anyone tattoo their forehead , man , that ' some mythical shit . 
 kane attempted to speak , still stunned . 
 he once believed that if he ever solved the mystery of his own tattoo , he would have discovered his own divine beckon . 
 now that the mystery was unlocked and simply stated , there was still no sense of closure because the words we shall write meant absolutely nothing to kane hailand . 
 hank : what kind of guy would i be if i did n't complement you on learning guitar ? 
 that was adorable , kane , thinking you could challenge me . 
 but hey , at least you made yourself useful onstage . 
 oh sweet satan , it 's backwards - double-points for a backwards tattoo ! 
 you 've really outdone yourself , you know that ? 
 kane -lrb- rubbing his head , slouching -rrb- : can you just cool it for a moment ? 
 hank : you tattooed your fucking forehead and you expect me not to give you shit for it ! 
 kane : i 'm asking you not to . 
 hank silently mimicked his brother . 
 kane heard , but for once he suppressed a retort . 
 he was here to make peace , and now that he had finally earned hank 's attention he had no idea what to say . 
 in many human relationships , the people involved become more cryptic as time progresses - they learn to code their language because they believe that their partner should know them well enough , and become in tune with their person enough , to perceive their true intentions without ever saying anything aloud . 
 but hank and kane once lived and developed inside the same womb , and they were born cryptic . 
 in the days of the violet 9 , they carried four-hour discussions in which they only raised one or two ideas . 
 they had to be cryptic because they had to protect themselves from each other in life 's field of war . 
 if hank ever learned of kane 's vulnerabilities , or vice-versa , he would find a way to use it against him . 
 it was time to cut the shit and end the war . 
 it was time to be honest . 
 but what words could possibly nullify a lifetime of war ? 
 kane removed the leopard 's fang from his neck . 
 hank : nice tooth . 
 kane : it was always my dream to learn an instrument . 
 i wanted to beat you . 
 i did n't want to need you any longer . 
 it 's not gon na happen , and i 've learned to accept that . 
 i 'm done with music , done with the noise . 
 i do n't want to be a scoundrel anymore . 
 kane offered the leopard 's fang to hank . 
 hank : i do n't want your gifts . 
 kane : i ca n't apologize to you . 
 hank : i do n't want your apology . 
 the flames flickered high , surrounding the brothers . 
 stones crashed inside the ancient monument . 
 hank and kane fled the fire to speak in the relative safety of the downhill brush . 
 once dark and lifeless , the city below was now teeming with squad cars and rioting citizens . 
 kane : leon would be so ashamed . 
 hank : who the fuck is leon ? 
 look , mom told me you were the one they gave away . 
 it was you . 
 hank pulled a wrinkled photograph from his red suit-pocket . 
 he showed the picture to kane . 
 stained with hot sauce and red wine , it was the same picture kane had always carried , the two of them as infants , wearing white , kane gripping hank 's leg . 
 hank : she said a mother always recognizes her child . 
 kane : hmmph . 
 some mother . 
 hank -lrb- chuckling -rrb- : ca n't argue with you there - the bitch is loony . 
 after you left she filed a lawsuit against me , claiming public defamation for satan 's blues . 
 kane : you did n't even write that - i did . 
 hank : she does n't care . 
 hank finally looked at the leopard 's fang in his palm , jaw hung low . 
 after careful examination , he placed the fang around his neck . 
 he paused to look at his shaking fingers - his fingers always shook when they were removed from an instrument . 
 hank : it does n't make sense , though - when we met back in college , you were a year ahead of me in school - kane : i skipped third grade . 
 hank : this is too much . 
 i need a fucking drink . 
 why are you here , kane ? 
 what are you doing ? 
 kane : i 'm done with that name - kane . 
 call me jake . 
 hank : jake ? 
 you 're jake now ? 
 kane : i 've always been jake . 
 that 's how alma knows me . 
 hank : who the fuck is alma ? 
 what reality are you living in ? 
 kane : i do n't wan na hide who i am any longer . 
 hank : i do n't suppose you want to be called jake israele ? 
 i mean , after all , you were born an israele . 
 kane : i 'm jake israele . 
 hank : you 're jake israele ? 
 hank removed his red-feathered mask . 
 there were shadows under his eyes . 
 there was darkness in his soul . 
 he found a flask stashed inside his top-hat . 
 he downed it . 
 kane : where is she ? 
 hank 's eyes grew big . 
 before kane could say anything else , hank launched a sprint toward the burning parthenon . 
 kane hailaind followed his twin , clambering up the hill toward the blazing fire , too focused on following hank 's bare feet to anticipate how he 'd react when he saw anika . 
 she was dying when he left her . 
 he replaced her with another woman and she never even had the comfort of knowing that he had a pulse . 
 now he was to see her again , after their longest absence , reunited in front of her husband , his newly acknowledged brother . 
 hank ducked under collapsed columns , pulling his red suit-collar over his mouth to shield his breathing from the smoke . 
 kane followed . 
 he tripped over a flaming root , regained his footing , and removed his eye-patch for balanced vision . 
 moving as fast as his legs would take him , he followed hank to rescue anika . 
 hank stopped before the mad red piano , his lame leg numb after the short sprint . 
 flames soared into the black sky , yet the fireproof piano remained unscathed . 
 the scorched corpses of hank 's two supermodel companions were roasting in the fire on top of the piano . 
 he rolled the bodies off and attempted to lift the top of the piano , that famous red piano-top that always held a bed of roses that never burned but acted instead like torches . 
 it was too heavy . 
 kane dashed to help . 
 together , they opened the piano . 
 kane looked for anika inside the instrument , never once considering it odd that she would be hiding in a piano because scoundrels are capable of anything . 
 she was n't there . 
 she had escaped . 
 hank removed a violet jug from the red-painted brass bottom of the piano . 
 he hugged the jug to his breast and kissed it with tenderness uncharacteristic of the red shadow . 
 he turned back for another beer and then walked calmly through the fire as kane followed , dumbstruck . 
 the flames roared , but hank and kane were safe . 
 hank -lrb- handing the violet jar to kane -rrb- : hold this for a second . 
 hank bit the glass rim of his beer , unzipped his red fly , and pissed over a miniature fire as he tipped his head back to drink . 
 when alas he had shaken the last drop , and the last of his beer had disappeared down his throat , he dropped the glass in the heated sand . 
 hank : we thought you were dead . 
 a busted mirror and a sink full of blood - that 's taking it a bit far , kane - jake - whoever you are . 
 anika lost it . 
 she wanted to fly out to the goddamn middle east when we found out you bought a one-way ticket - probably sent her to an early grave . 
 some part of kane had known that anika was dead . 
 how could he not know ? 
 he was the one who left her for dead . 
 he felt different now that he could no longer deny it , and he could n't react to this difference because he could n't yet gauge what it was . 
 he tried to think of how alma would react . 
 she was always so composed . 
 it pained him to think that anika was dead , but then he felt guilty for feeling pain for anyone but alma . 
 he could n't shake the image of anika from his head . 
 he thought of her as she was before she was anika - lucy liber , the church girl in the white dress , virginal and pure . 
 kane wanted to feel love , as he knew alma would , but all he could feel was guilt and anger because he and hank had turned anika into a scoundrel and then killed her . 
 kane : why did n't you help her ? 
 why were n't you there ? 
 you were her husband . 
 hank : get off your tower , you self-righteous hack . 
 you knew what you were doing when you left . 
 you knew she was n't seeing a doctor ! 
 kane : she did n't care if i stayed or went . 
 hank : for someone who used to be so smart , you 're a fucking brainless nugget of shit . 
 kane : you vowed to be there for her , in sickness and in health . 
 but you were never there - not even in the beginning . 
 she was in the church choir and you took her away . 
 she wore a white dress ! 
 hank : you 're still angry over that ? 
 i had to do it . 
 i had to make her feel . 
 you were n't there when i gave her joy . 
 you never saw how i made her feel like the only woman alive . 
 you only saw the shit . 
 but i had to do it , and you 're just as guilty as i am . 
 you knew what i was doing and you never stopped me . 
 we did it for the music . 
 how could she sing despair if she never felt it ? 
 how could she sing love if she never knew hate ? 
 we needed the complete spectrum , and that 's the only way it would 've ever worked . 
 she could n't feel the music until i broke her heart , until i taught her how to break hearts . 
 i may be the biggest scoundrel of the three of us , but you 've got one thing wrong - i was never in competition with you . 
 i loved her . 
 it was never about you . 
 kane breathed the taste of soot in his mustache . 
 the firelight flickered over his face . 
 kane : alone in myth - why would n't you record it ? 
 hank : because it scared me . 
 kane : what ? 
 hank : you were turning into me . 
 you were letting her do to you what you did to me . 
 kane : what did i ever do to you ? 
 hank : you broke my heart . 
 i used to have one , you know . 
 kane : with train of power ? 
 hank : what ? 
 kane hiccuped , trying to mask his verbal blunder . 
 kane : let 's go , the fumes are getting to my head . 
 hank 's eyes flashed red . 
 his red suit was tattered and burned and he stood barefoot in the hot gravel . 
 hank : i asked you what you 're talking about . 
 kane : what are you talking about , hank ? 
 how did i break your heart ? 
 hank : tell me right fucking now what you know about train of power ! 
 kane : what do you think happened ? 
 i rigged it . 
 i wired the bomb through the holes in the ceiling . 
 hank searched his hat for more liquor . 
 finding nothing , he checked his suit - there were only empties . 
 he cursed himself for walking barefoot because shoes and socks could have provided him an opportunity to stash more drugs on his person . 
 hank : gim me that urn . 
 hank grabbed the violet urn . 
 anika handel , the cigarette queen , was now a mound of ashes - it was all so fitting . 
 kane tried to remain calm , though the overload of recent information brought his brain to the point of near-explosion . 
 he felt alma 's presence inside him and it soothed him . 
 he felt strength , however trying it may be . 
 kane : it was selfish of me . 
 i did it because i envied you . 
 i spent so much time hating you , and it was all because of my own insecurities . 
 i just want to be friends now . 
 i can be friends now . 
 hank : it was my first time performing for anybody other than you or mom and dad . 
 i sat at that beautiful red piano and i was so proud , man , i was really proud of something . 
 i never felt that before . 
 everything had always been handed to me , and that song was the first thing i ever earned . 
 i read your lyrics and i turned them into music , every goddamn note , and i did it by myself . 
 i think about it every day , man . 
 she came late -lrb- he looked at the urn -rrb- , but she always knew how to make an entrance . 
 she sang . 
 that voice could fluff pillows and knock down walls in the same note . 
 just to play the sound behind that voice was the greatest gift a musician could ever strive for . 
 i played , annie sang , and what did you do , my dear brother ? 
 you waited until my grand finale , the ending that you told me you wrote specially for me , and you blew up the whole goddamn loft . 
 we put our hearts into the violet 9 . 
 that song was supposed to be for them . 
 all of them - dead ! 
 and you made me believe it was my fault . 
 hank wept . 
 kane shook . 
 he had never seen feeling in his brother . 
 hank : i loved that place , man . 
 kane was wrong and he knew it , but he could n't apologize . 
 he could n't apologize because he did n't mean it . 
 it was as leon said , if a man is content with his current direction , then he can not regret his past . 
 kane was far from content , but he was on a path toward something new , and he wanted to take hank along with him . 
 he placed his hand on his brother 's shoulder . 
 the smoke drifted from the burning city . 
 hank and kane smelled searing flesh for the first time since train of power . 
 hank : i needed it . 
 i admit it . 
 i needed it for the same reason i broke anika 's heart . 
 our broken hearts enabled us . 
 you broke my heart . 
 i broke hers . 
 but when she broke your heart , you lost it . 
 kane : what do you mean ? 
 hank : you were stuck in your ways . 
 in order to grow as a man , as an artist , a rebel , you need to be open to change . 
 kane : i was n't open to change ? 
 hank : you wanted interludes on every album we ever made . 
 kane : so ? 
 hank : nobody listens to interludes anymore . 
 kane : they 're an essential part of the album . 
 hank : your album is dead ! 
 kane began to speak , but stopped himself . 
 he had always judged his own success by what others thought of his art . 
 he relied on others to make him feel good about who he was , but he never stopped to consider how to make others happy . 
 he never thought about how to please his fans or his band-mates - he only thought about how he could manipulate them into pleasing him . 
 the logic was cyclical , and it never allowed kane to believe in his self . 
 that 's why he never accepted hank - how can a man accept anything without first finding peace in his self ? 
 kane : i met a woman when i left . 
 she helped me understand a lot of things that i always took for granted . 
 i 'm not the genius you are . 
 i 'm not as strong as you or as naturally talented as you . 
 but i understand you finally . 
 we have to put our instruments down . 
 hank pointed up toward the burning parthenon , where his mad red piano and his turntables were engulfed in flames . 
 hank : if you think i 'm going to live a day without my music then you do n't understand the first thing about me . 
 that music is my only friend . 
 kane : i understand that . 
 but you ca n't use it as a weapon . 
 just smell the air . 
 listen to the streets right now . 
 there are sirens . 
 people are screaming , easton . 
 all of this is happening because we used the music as a weapon . 
 we 're not ready to handle it responsibly - hank : i have a better idea - why do n't you lick the backside of my nut-sack ? 
 kane : i get it , easton . 
 i understand . 
 i know how it feels to be deceived . 
 i know what i put you through , what i 'm still putting you through . 
 i know it , because i finally felt it myself . 
 i 'm a better man for it . 
 i 'm thankful . 
 hank : so am i - i 'm thankful . 
 i 'm even thankful for you . 
 but i just hate you . 
 you did n't have to be such a dick about everything . 
 kane : maybe we 'll never see eye to eye . 
 that 's okay . 
 we can still learn to be friends . 
 i think it 's worth us learning to be friends . 
 it 's no one 's fault , but we 're different . 
 you 're my brother , easton , and we were separated for a while , but we 're together now and we ca n't ignore our relation any longer . 
 i thought i could ignore you by moving away , but it was impossible . 
 people know us everywhere we go - the world has become too small for us to avoid a relationship . 
 we need to learn to live together . 
 kane placed his hand on the violet urn . 
 kane : i 've made peace with everything that happened . 
 with you . 
 with anika . 
 all three of us . 
 anika was so amazing . 
 she was a valuable presence in both of our lives , but she never meant the same thing to me as she did to you . 
 the way she affected me was special in my own way . 
 it took me a while to learn that . 
 i was just too much of a coward to watch her die while knowing that we were the ones who corrupted her . 
 i was scared . 
 i felt too guilty to say goodbye . 
 hank : it was pretty , man . 
 it was a wonderful way that she went . 
 she was n't tortured . 
 she was able to escape the violet , the 9 's . 
 it was just me and her . 
 it was happy . 
 kane smiled , removing his hand from the urn . 
 the sun appeared on the horizon and the sky was still gray with smoke . 
 the sun rose at a rapid pace . 
 sirens wailed . 
 people cried in the distance . 
 hank : i think you fucked up the calendar for good with that stunt you pulled on the sun . 
 kane : let 's get out of this heat . 
 hank observed the chaos below . 
 cop cars blocked every intersection . 
 the tanks were coming out . 
 the only sounds were those of screaming and crying . 
 nobody remembered what they were fighting for , but the general attitude seemed to suggest that , once fighting , what reason could there ever be to stop ? 
 hank : you 've caused quite a bit of damage tonight . 
 i 'm actually proud of you for once . 
 kane stood in the smoky sun , mustached and tattooed , wearing only pants , boots , and an eye-patch . 
 he removed the mirrored eye-patch and crushed it beneath his boot . 
 he had spoken truth , and it was a fantastic relief , because now he could finally begin to confront his own failings . 
 kane : they 're gon na come looking for us . 
 hank ditched his red suit jacket in the sand . 
 the brothers walked south , away from the city and the riots , traveling silently , side by side . 
 hank 's limp had improved . 
 hank : i knew you rigged the bomb . 
 kane : what ? 
 how ? 
 hank : i saw you reading about it when i was composing . 
 you were n't as sneaky as you thought . 
 kane : why 'd you go through with it ? 
 hank : why 'd you ? 
 they reached the parking lot pavement . 
 the lot had been looted and destroyed . 
 what few cars remained had been piled and burnt . 
 kane stopped walking . 
 kane : what made you stick with me ? 
 hank : i thought we could be great . 
 kane : then how come you broke up the band ? 
 do n't say it 's because i was turning into you because i know that 's not what scared you . 
 hank : you 're right . 
 kane : so what was it ? 
 we had such a good thing going . 
 why 'd you become a dj ? 
 hank : you were fucking my wife , jake . 
 kane put a hand to his mustache , stung with surprise . 
 kane : i thought you knew . 
 hank : not until she told me . 
 kane : what reason was that to break up the band - you were always cheating . 
 hank : yeah , but i never cared for any of those girls . 
 i did n't care if she fucked other people . 
 i just cared if she fucked you . 
 you were the one person who was off limits , and she knew that . 
 kane : why me ? 
 hank : because she cared for you . 
 hank was right . 
 kane knew it . 
 anika always made it a point to be hypersexual with kane . 
 she used her sexuality to mask her inner feelings , but there were always those moments . 
 sometimes it would gleam through her eyes , sometimes it would be in the sweet rasp of her voice , and there would always be that emotional moment backstage in paris when she spoke honestly and freely without the heavy burden that hank and kane built to imprison her . 
 no matter what happened between kane and anika , there was always spite between them , because on some basic level they were only with each other to get to hank . 
 standing nearly naked in the humid acropolis parking lot , everything became so clear to kane , and he wondered how he was ever able to avoid such a simple truth for so long . 
 she was gone , and he would never be given an opportunity to confess his guilt to her - such is the way of lost lovers . 
 hank : i know what you think of me , but i really loved her . 
 a squad car turned into the lot . 
 hank blew up the car with a quick spray of fire . 
 kane : you ca n't do that ! 
 just stop with the violence ! 
 please . 
 stop killing people . 
 hank : i 'm going to tell you something . 
 kane huffed , frustrated with the chaos and the death , knowing just how dismayed leon was going to be when he read about kane 's behavior at the parthenon . 
 kane : what ? 
 hank : all that talk about suicide - i never really meant it . 
 well , not to that extent . 
 kane : i know . 
 hank : and then she died . 
 i could n't take it . 
 i did n't want to live another second without her . 
 hank stopped , visibly emotional . 
 he pulled a joint from somewhere near the small of his back , lit it with his fingertips , and inhaled deeply . 
 it was difficult for kane to actually care about what hank was saying because hank 's alleged confession lacked gravity when compared to the more recent news of alma and anika 's deaths . 
 hank : i 've never really said this before . 
 i 've tried to not even think about it . 
 kane plucked the joint from hank 's lips and squashed it under his heel . 
 kane : i know . 
 hank : i loaded the gun and put it to my head . 
 i wanted to pull the trigger . 
 i really did . 
 i wanted to . 
 but i could n't do it , and it was n't because i wanted to live . 
 it was because i forgot that i was living . 
 do you know what i 'm saying ? 
 kane : you forgot you were alive . 
 hank : exactly ! 
 do you realize how strange it is when you remember something like that ? 
 kane nodded . 
 hank : i was sitting there with her gun at my temple and all i could think about was when she shot that very gun at me in carnegie hall . 
 kane -lrb- laughing -rrb- : you passed out in the middle of a show . 
 hank : so ? 
 i was still playing - it hardly warranted a bullet . 
 kane : it was quite a spectacle . 
 hank : anyways , i had her gun in my ear and what i was thinking was how amazing is that ? 
 out of all the girls i could 've possibly gotten , i got the one who will produce a firearm onstage in a sold-out theatre without giving a semblance of a fuck for any of the rich bastards in the crowd . 
 kane : you 're richer than any of those rich bastards that were in that crowd . 
 hank : i 'm a bigger bastard too . 
 kane : that 's what i 'm saying , though . 
 we have to make some changes . 
 hank : i do n't have to do shit . 
 kane : everyone you hang out with is a junkie . 
 hank : you fail to see their finer qualities . 
 kane : they keep you on drugs , easton . 
 hank : you say you wan na make amends , but all you 're doing is fucking criticizing me . 
 hank stooped to examine a beaten sedan in the neighboring aisle . 
 hank : do you know how to wire a car ? 
 kane : wire a car ? 
 hank : how else are we gon na get out of here ? 
 hank and kane followed a dirt road because it seemed to lead to the least-riotous direction . 
 hank limped slightly , barefoot with a leopard 's fang around his neck . 
 without his showy suit or his eye-mask , he actually looked human . 
 the two brothers heard tires screech . 
 a limousine halted beside them . 
 johnny-john lowered his window . 
 johnny-john : sorry , sirs , that i am late - the traffic was a chore . 
 you must believe me when i say the streets are streets no more . 
 kane : how 'd you know to come here ? 
 johnny-john handed kane a note in leon 's handwriting - just in case you need a getaway car - l . 
 the note was attached to a small stack of euro and a falsified passport that contained a picture of kane hailand circa the lightspeed tour . 
 johnny-john -lrb- wiping sweat from his brow -rrb- : i 've never been one to voice requests , i usually roll with the tide . 
 but would you mind taming your one-fanged pest - he 's followed me all through the ride . 
 apollo approached from behind the limo . 
 kane rubbed the mirror-spotted leopard between the ears . 
 hank gripped the fang at his neck . 
 hank : can i touch him ? 
 kane : go ahead . 
 shielding the urn from the feline , hank placed a hesitant finger on the crown of the leopard 's head . 
 kane understood the offer of trust - the dj had strict rules about whom or what he would expose his fingers to . 
 kane opened the limousine door for apollo . 
 the leopard climbed in . 
 hank and kane followed . 
 kane : where are we headed , johnny ? 
 johnny-john recited a poem about the airport , speaking for no one because kane closed the window to allow privacy . 
 hank : who wrote the note to johnny ? 
 kane : do you remember baltasar kanaan ? 
 hank : the dude you obsessed over in light shattered - offed himself , did n't he ? 
 kane : not exactly . 
 they rode in silence . 
 both hank and kane were deep in thought , too frightened to speak for fear that fresh ideas would be misguided when converted into speech . 
 kane thought of alma . 
 he thought of anika 's death , of how hank said it was a happy way to go , and this made kane feel so much better . 
 he wanted to share everything he experienced in the wild , but the feelings inside him coagulated into something like stone , and it was too dense to chisel into words . 
 kane : i never really gave your electronic music a chance , but i got ta say - it 's real . 
 hank : how immature of you . 
 i 'm flattered . 
 kane : you connect to the audience . 
 your music helps them connect to each other when you want it to , but when you want to see a riot you 're capable of more ugliness than any man i know . 
 hank reached into the mini bar and found a red wine cooler . 
 he uncorked the bottle and took a sip . 
 a sip turned into a pull , and soon the bottle was cashed . 
 hank : so i was sitting there with her gun to my head . 
 she was gone . 
 it was just me and her gun , and i thought about her firing that very pistol in carnegie hall , and it was like , i do n't know , it was like i was still talking to her even though she was dead . 
 i was sober , too , mind you - you do n't believe me . 
 kane : of course i do . 
 hank : well , i had all these plans . 
 i was gon na write a will . 
 i was gon na have our ashes mixed together . 
 all this shit . 
 but then i realized that she 's better off this way , without me . 
 i never let her be at peace when she was alive . 
 she at least deserves it now that she 's dead . 
 kane : i think we 're gon na find that we have more in common than we ever thought . 
 hank : there you go again , being all cryptic . 
 kane : we both have our problems , easton . 
 i know you can help me through mine , and i 'm confident that i can help you through yours . 
 hank : alright . 
 just do n't get so fucking giddy about it . 
 if i wan na take drugs , then get off my case . 
 if i wan na dj , then let me fucking spin . 
 do n't get in the way of me and myself . 
 and do n't ever rub it in that you were fucking my wife . 
 kane : why would i do that ? 
 hank : i 'm serious . 
 i 'd skin you , motherfucker . 
 the leopard snarled . 
 hank snarled back . 
 kane laughed . 
 the two brothers looked out their respective windows . 
 the land was still , the city rioting behind them . 
 if kane ever looked back , he would have seen cars burning in the streets . 
 he would have seen the broken glass and the tear gas of the looting mobs - he would have heard the silent screams of those who were faced with the question of capability - what are you capable of as a man ? 
 who are you capable of besting ? 
 do you save your belongings or do you save another if you 're lucky enough to be given the choice ? 
 how far will you go to protect your children from the terror ? 
 how far will your greed take you ? 
 but kane did n't look back . 
 kane watched the scenery . 
 kane : johnny , stop the car ! 
 johnny-john skidded to the shoulder . 
 kane nodded to a lone violet placed oddly in the sand to mark what looked to be a freshly dug grave . 
 though the sun was high , there was a mystic breeze that surrounded the violet , vivifying the flower on a patch of land where all else seemed dead . 
 kane opened the limousine door and let the breeze flow into the car . 
 kane : no one will ever find her here . 
 she 'll finally be free . 
 hank lowered his gaze and looked guardedly to his brother , questioning whether kane was actually suggesting what hank thought he was suggesting . 
 hank hugged the urn close to his red vest . 
 he was sweating . 
 for once he looked vulnerable . 
 hank : it 's so hot in here . 
 hank moved slowly out the door . 
 hank : are you coming ? 
 kane : i 'm done standing between you and her . 
 hank nodded absently . 
 he was n't there . 
 kane knew that hank was n't there because wherever hank was , kane had been there . 
 apollo nuzzled in kane 's lap and kane stroked the one-fanged leopard . 
 his eyes remained fixated on apollo 's mirrored spots , avoiding a look at hank because hank deserved to be alone for this . 
 hank approached the flower . 
 he never felt alone . 
 the remains of anika handel were in his hands . 
 the world knew her as the greatest contralto in the history of sound , an incessant smoker , a sex-sparked maniac who kept a hot weapon at her waist , the quaquaversal , but most of all she was the voice that people turned to when they needed to rely on anything , a violet . 
 to hank she was the only thing worth staying on earth for . 
 when he came home at five in the morning , shivering in the rain , she was the one who welcomed him into the warmth . 
 when he walked into the swimming pool , fully clothed and fully loaded to the point where he no longer remembered where he was , she was the one who placed her hand in his and granted him the marvelous gift of awareness . 
 she was hank 's love , his life and his flower . 
 and she lay in an urn , in his trembling hands , where she had always been - her prison . 
 he shattered the urn against the earth , and the remains of what was once his love now belonged to the wind , swirling slowly , liberated in a gorgeous sky . 
 the limousine door opened . 
 hank entered and sat beside kane . 
 no words were spoken . 
 johnny-john drove to the airport . 
 kane : where was udders ? 
 hank : what ? 
 kane : udders , our manager . 
 hank : oh . 
 i fired him . 
 kane : udders was with us from the beginning - how could you fire him ? 
 hank : i was tired of always seeing his nipples through his shirt . 
 kane : oh . 
 hank : i guess it 's like you always say - the more practical clothes are , the dumber they look . 
 kane -lrb- laughing -rrb- : what 's so practical about an eye-patch and a jester 's hat ? 
 hank : see , you get it kane . 
 no one else in the entire fucking globe gets it except you . 
 everyone says i have a gift . 
 they say that i have to use it to give something lasting to humanity . 
 fuck humanity ! 
 you busted your ass to make scoundrels performances the most spectacular shows of all time , but i was never performing . 
 i just acted naturally , and people took me for a show . 
 you were the only one who ever understood that . 
 i miss creating with you , man . 
 kane : i miss it too . 
 hank : if i 'm meant to bring the fire , then i 'll bring the fucking fire - but let 's create some wild shit while we 're together . 
 kane : we 've captured an audience , easton , and for some reason we have an influence over people . 
 let 's exact that power for good . 
 i say we stop trying to outdo one another and just work together . 
 hank : since when are you so righteous ? 
 kane : i 've changed . 
 hank : you know , i do n't believe in righteousness . 
 and because i do n't believe in righteousness , i do n't believe in sin . 
 righteousness , sin , justice , liberty , peace - it 's all just fancy wording to me . 
 but i 've come to believe in being . 
 and because i believe in being , i 'll help you . 
 because every man has a right to be . 
 johnny-john pulled into the airport . 
 hank : just tell me where the hell we 're going . 
 kane : there 's this woman i thought you 'd like to meet . 
 hank : if she 's a woman , as you say , then yes i 'd like to meet her . 
 kane : i do n't know where she is , but i 'm told she 's an immortal prostitute . 
 hank : an immortal hooker ! 
 kane : that 's what i hear . 
 hank : if you 're jerking me off , it 's not cool . 
 kane : she 's supposed to be around two thousand years old by now . 
 hank : we 've got ta find this girl . 
 kane : yeah , i 'd like to talk to her . 
 hank : talk ? 
 you 'd like to talk to her ? 
 this chick has done filthier things than a pedophile in a daycare and all you wan na do is talk to her ? 
 kane : i 've learned a lot about women , easton . 
 hank : who knows more about women than me ? 
 i can tell you if she 'll swallow the seed before she ever even opens her mouth to say hello . 
 kane : i 've been dreaming up a poem about this woman . 
 the sun stayed at its zenith , directly above the limousine , as if the earth had frozen to center all sunlight directly onto kane . 
 the limo stopped before a private jet . 
 johnny-john opened the door . 
 johnny-john : mr. israele , your plane is waiting . 
 hank , kane , and apollo boarded the plane , having no idea where they were headed . 
 their destination was never important because at that moment , a broad smile stretched the width of jake israele 's face . 
 no matter what fate lies in wait , the lighted portrait of jake israele will always read we shall write across his forehead , and he will carry this message forever . 
 thus , he smiles paradise . 
 there was a moment when kane hailand was god . 
 whether you believe god is a being , an idea , an ideal , or even if you believe god is the devil , you must admit that the conception of god is all-powerful only in the realm in which he presides . 
 god does not see himself as a god - in his own self-perception , god is a frustrated artist , penning the terrestrial drama . 
 what can we say about god as a storyteller if his characters were to never grow or progress ? 
 what sort of artist would he be ? 
 surely the supreme dramatist applies progress to his narrative . 
 since the beginning , we have asked ourselves what portion of god 's story results from our will , and what portion from god 's direction ? 
 the answer , ultimately , is unimportant . 
 the story will be written , whether by god or by us . 
 but god depends on our active participation so that his story may be written - they are no more powerful than you or he or she or i , but we are more powerful than any force this life can see . 
 the important thing is that we characters progress . 
 all the men who have lived and died and copulated and felt the same vivacity that we feel now , the same sense of promise and the same divine beckon - we are the mark of progress . 
 it is not our duty to think of our many brothers and sanction ourselves as beings of ultimate inconsequence - let this be our inspiration to thrive in our shared responsibility . 
 hank adaline and kane hailand created peace . 
 this is the story we know . 
 but when the final dawn awakens for humanity to see its dying day , when the rubble is cleared by a blazing wave of fire and light in a lovely apocalypse , and the progenies sift through relics from the lonely race of man , what will their histories have to say in regards to the quest of heart of the people ? 
 this story , my brothers , we shall write . 
 * * * hidden track : train of power you ride the train . 
 you wear your golden band . 
 aching from the sight beholden , focus in the train . 
 you do n't know what lies outside the windowless walls , but it does n't matter where the train chugs as long as it is chugging . 
 the drugs , the sorrowed haze of past , all aboard the train of power , the only chord that man can sing . 
 fueled by the souls of greed , the icy flame first cajoles , then swallows them in soft decay . 
 four thousand holes in the train - portals for you to touch the infinity - we . 
 you are dazed by the crowds that you see . 
 count them all . 
 laborer rest your eyes under a bandana , she tells lies with her dyed hair , short-cropped large-body , goateed oligarch pouts his snotty snout through broken headphones , holding a garbage bag , you never learned to pray , striped-shirt , cane , picks a cup from the floor , they see you , let them see you , implore it , they 're all too proud anyhow , hat at a crooked angle and the fat label on your shopping bag deceives . 
 they are all absorbed in their smart phones . 
 graybeard has seen some shit , owns nothing and he tells it with his hands , reads her shiterature and you know it does no good , and the doors you chose not to notice have parted and more of you board but none of you leave , scores of you with nowhere to go , and does the man who wears a dress just because because have the gall to say he is you ? 
 how can he wear that knowing this meaning is nothing ? 
 pants down your ass faking an accent , and my , this class is more tolerable when your eyes are closed . 
 her tattooed wrist , blue sunrise with ink , cradle the baby abreast . 
 watch him through the aisle , alone , depressed , jingling change in cardboard cup . 
 she peers over her nose to confront the fears as the world may be distorted through her glasses , dreadlocks tied behind to shield his vulnerability . 
 drop him off at church street and it sounds pop like a gunshot . 
 who found what you thought you were looking for in a book ? 
 ought she use her sex as he does ? 
 fat man eats his ice cream as fast as he can , blood dripping from his jowl , rescuer with a medal round her neck , manure on the seat , the officer tightens his masked convict 's chains , they two titans with guns in their belts , skinny junkie pockets foreign change for the monkey on his back , thick finger forever striving for the nebulous never of that vaporous dragon , dollar monsoon in the mind of the scholar , laughing at disasters in the news . 
 legislator , warmonger , win , lose , refuse , and the postal worker who knows them all . 
 how the children pursue an eternal squabble over toys . 
 old lady will not unlock her joys from her iron bracelet , your little globe tattooed on your palm , the brittle painter who paints only one face cause yours is the face of man . 
 is is was . 
 was is will . 
 will will lead your escape from the train . 
 bollocks to murder , rape , and the like . 
 and it 's not that the glass is half empty or half full , but as the glass is glass is half is half . 
 i am as good as evil and i cry ignorance as wisdom . 
 yes my will tickles the hands of fate . 
 man is still infinity - men are holes . 
 man , hole as he is whole , will accept his soul is the sotu . 
 the train , it never stops , though it slows . 
 it endeavors faster than your feet move beneath you . 
 follow the tracks . 
 they will take you to the only place they know to go . 
 no one says a word . 
 they look at you so closely it 's as if you do n't exist . 
 you are the reason the train persists . 
 tunnel through the gold molten magma , beneath the land on heat skates of the champion fire . 
 chug and rattle train of power , impervious to bane . 
 you may never stop and the rail may never end , so grip the steel and say to yourself that no one 's ever gripped steel before . 
 the train slows . 
 having shipped its passengers forever , it will only regain speed . 
 the humble trill will never stop , and well , it ca n't cause all you know is the train and its buzz . 
 still it slows , and the shadows are now figurine and familiar somehow . 
 listen to the train 's seismic rumble as it stops . 
 kindred , as an umbel , come home to mother soil . 
 the train doors part , and draft a cool breeze that is yours . 
 you fight to exit the train . 
 you ca n't remember what you fight for , o plant , but once fighting why stop . 
 you stumble . 
 the conductor calls a name . 
 jumbled in an alien tongue , he says that it is yours . 
 is it that you have flat forgotten your name in this distant dream . 
 the conductor is insistent . 
 this is where you get off . 
 staring death in the face of the jester , your breath draws heavy . 
 surely your time has come . 
 look into the jester 's one eye . 
 numb , you shake his hand . 
 the fighting expires . 
 blow their minds out in a train , inspire the crowd of people who stand and stare . 
 confused and physically impaired , the crowd of people follow you to freedom . 
 you were once a pharaoh . 
 you were once a beggar . 
 you were once a victor . 
 among this crowd you will stay a man , and man be proud - carrying your badge of flesh . 
 you are marrying the world . 
 the people wander sunward . 
 you just have to look . 
 feel it leave , bird , feel it go - a steaming slithering worm on skates of fire , the lost premiere locomotive . 
 gone the frost as it rushes by cart by cart by cart until the whistle fades to die . 
 but you ca n't shake the jester 's image , stroking his glass pelican - barrage of birth . 
 you 've seen his face before , but nobody is really sure if what they see is his face . 
 and somewhere hank adaline and kane hailand share a blithe handshake on a record called the truth . 
 you have been pleasantly mauled . 
 it has been an exhausting trip on the train of power . 
 you , now the sun . 
 you , now the morning moon . 
 faith come near , my weary traveler , touch me . 
 hear the laughter of the crowd . 
 people are good . 
 those who are not good are as far from good as their discontent . 
 they desire to be good , and this ray of desire , this recognition that good is good is merely practice at evil . 
 rustic coils of the gentlest beauty lead neptune 's blue ocean mist to the open sky . 
 to and fro swings the land under the feet of the kings who have triumphed . 
 you , the sleeping sand , the silent cloud , the cherished laughs , and the two lovers in endless embrace are instruments of the same song . 
 pace , dancers of the holy rhythm , dance and dance and dance . 
 annihilate chance as the stone erodes beneath you . 
 there is no pressure to conform when fair standards are the natural . 
 you are one kind - through the measure , through the bar , through the canto , through the chorus , you are one . 
 you have variances to dazzle , not bewilder you . 
 you 'll find no difference in your laughter . 
 mind is neither yours nor mine , it is ours . 
 the largest of empires lasts mere hours . 
 this is a nation of soul - of we . 
 dancing in a corcle , dancing , free . 
 bollocks to intercultural war . 
 there is no merit in the word more , no merit in the idea of separate peoples , for you must love as you are brothers in a blessed corcle . 
 the corcle is not a test . 
 it is continuous . 
 it is whole . 
 no beginning , no end . 
 it is full . 
 we - the sotu . 
 arise . 
 still higher . 
 lonely souls sing to unite . 
 choir rise together , lonely nevermore . 
 it is your duty to inspire , your fortune to endow your brother with the ability to be the myth , to live the role only you can fill , to tend to the children in the hill . 
 everyone is pregnant , a new life harvesting inside you all . 
 world rife with beauty , a great garden with two gardeners . 
 this is not to eschew the self . 
 this is not a surrender of self . 
 this is the sacred splendor , graduation of the self into what once was . 
 sing with might . 
 all of you . 
 mankind is a persisting chorus and it only sings its song for us . 
 having read the book , you can trace all man to a single act of love . 
 call to her - life , love , is a gift . 
 all you need is love . 
 yes , believe the world to be wonderful . 
 every grain of sand , every boy and girl , every smile and every tear , is wonderful . 
 you reach through her eyes and say not a word . 
 speech , as you say , is meaningless . 
 wearing a white dress , she catches you staring . 
 she has been a harbor to abuse , a land mother to hope , to excuse and prosperity . 
 a faint scar mars her uncovered thigh . 
 it is a scar that could have only come from living . 
 only present for just a giving instant and then it 's gone , but just the presence of an instant will thrust its presence to eternity . 
 sea shell eyes , windy smile , prairie belly , and appalachian breast . 
 all the world sings a song of love for her . 
 hair curled in red tresses from the sun and moon . 
 she holds a flower pot . 
 calls you . 
 boon of love . 
 ocean child . 
 calls you . 
 calls you into the beyond , your fingers through her hair of floating sky , shimmering in the ripe golden sun . 
 glimmering seraph - she 'd love to turn you on . 
 plant her stunning blossomed violets , grant them to the earth . 
 what was once a seed is now a will to live , breathe , and bleed the self of the universe . 
 nestle them into the great breathing vessel of our earth . 
 she hands you a flower and her touch is a kiss , the power of love pulsing in your hand and it says what all language amounts to . 
 sit with her . 
 fit with her . 
 love her garden . 
 bathe in love , all secrets imparted . 
 listen to the stars , far behind you now . 
 this is devolution in true faith . 
 behold ! 
 she sees . 
 offering her peace . 
 fly beyond the light together , she will be your guide . 
 and you sayeth unto her , unto us , from the pith of the sotu - i will never leave your side , you have raised me to believe . 
 # # # 
