 feallengod : the conflict in the heavenlies by craig davis published by st. celibart press at smashwords 23 castlerock cv . 
 jackson tn 38305 copyright © 2005 harry craig davis smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each person . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 isbn : 978-0-9829567-1-7 davis , craig , feallengod : the conflict in the heavenlies stcelibartpress@yahoo.com www.stcelibart.com `` i have read all three of davis ' works ... i must say , though , that feallengod seems a step above the others to me . 
 in my opinion it is his best work and may be one of the major reasons craig davis was put on this earth . 
 ... i would highly recommend this book to anyone . 
 read it , and reread it . '' 
 -- stephen kennedy , indigenous outreach international `` feallengod struck me differently because , in a way , it is hard to forget about our reality when this book is about the greater reality that is occurring in the heavenly realm . 
 that is something i love about allegory and what really makes this book worth reading . 
 ... two enthusiastic thumbs way up ! 
 ... because of the nature of the book , the quality of the writing , the character development and the nature of the plot . '' 
 -- nick brown `` if you 're a fan of screwtape , dante , or milton , you 'll love this one . 
 few writers are able to weave so profound a tapestry like the one mr. davis has done here . 
 it is profound in the sense that whatever you wish to get out of it you are sure to get . 
 on the surface level the characters and plot flows along nicely to make for a wonderful fantasy tale , but if one has ears to hear , the deeper -lrb- and slower -rrb- you go you 'll be sure to increase your understanding of the scriptures and become a better christian inevitably . '' 
 -- jonathan jones bonus story ! 
 at the end of this book , after the appendix and map , you will find `` you ca n't count what is n't there , '' the first story from the southern gothic collection a time for poncey -- and other stories out of skullbone , available only at the kindle store . 
 craig davis amazon author page feallengod the conflict in the heavenlies by craig davis prologue the moon stares at me through the rough window ; its bluish light shines across my table . 
 a clear night , with stars scattered across the pitch-black sky , appears to me like great handfuls of seed strewn across rich soil . 
 i can only wonder what he sees now . 
 i take the name aberan eft ; it is to cover my guilt . 
 not the name of my birth , when i broke out upon the island , yet it will remain always the only name i care to claim . 
 the label attached to me by my parents -- the man and woman whose passions burned hot for a moment but chilled their bones as i came of age -- those years and years ago swallowed up by mists and trickery , never could it truly name me . 
 no , like words thrown together to paint the plumage of some arbitrary bird , some rufous-sided yellow-crested warbler , a name should honestly hint at a man 's heart . 
 only the king knew my name , and only he knew when it would become a likely tag , able to truly know me . 
 confession must make my beginning , for surely the things i have seen i have not always understood . 
 many before me have undertaken to write of what came to pass , but did they see ? 
 have they comprehended ? 
 my pen leaves its dotted prints across the parchment now , vain attempt to record the truth passed before me , and what i have learned also from those witnesses from the beginning . 
 but from the beginning , i confess i did not understand . 
 not until these final moments have my dark eyes finally lit , washed at last by honest tears of grief and joy . 
 and yet still not completely so ; but he grants me peace . 
 these events i have known -- lord , they haunt me , some of them haunt me still . 
 yet the blessedness of their burning would i offer no other man , out of avarice i admit and yet still pity . 
 who am i , the scribe of such crucial workings ? 
 to see through the shadows thrown by the past ; to know that the minds and muscles of men only pour into the mold of the future ; to realize the present is held in hand , though it tease grasping fingertips : these sweet sirens could drive the most determinedly anguished man into utter peace . 
 to know the suffering of the day is not without reason ... `` begone ! 
 i cast you to the battleground ! '' 
 what else am i to do ? 
 his messenger has so commanded me . 
 deep in my chambers he visited : `` the king requires it of thee . '' 
 he reveals the forbidden scrolls , even those from the inner sanctuary , and allows my eyes to see . 
 `` but only one is worthy to read , '' i say . 
 `` the king requires it , and so all generations will know it of thee , that thy work bears the seal of the king . '' 
 the scrolls lay like shackles upon my wrists , and the candles and incense and words burn hot ; they sting my eyes and nose . 
 like a general in disgrace , i acquiesce to fate , i fall upon my pen . 
 so i take up the quill . 
 the black of the ink lends the scribe his only boldness ; my enclave , stones so heavy from the ancient quarry , makes my comfort and safety . 
 and what fear is left to still lurk , at least until the time ? 
 so i must transcribe , a troubadour -- though what trust should lie to me to write of such things ? 
 my king , have mercy upon me ; help me speak rightly of you . 
 much have i seen , and much have i learned through the wretchedness born of this little kingdom , and the caress of grace . 
 and for what reason walk we here , but to reveal your wonder ? 
 to what purpose was torment ours , but to demonstrate your kindness ? 
 magister , though we are fallen into wonder and doubt , still your praises rise among the mountains . 
 but how can i bless you , so arrogant to presume upon the king 's abundance ? 
 what i can offer would be only insult to you . 
 my king , if only i could bless you ! 
 the scratching of the quill speaks comfort in the warm loneness ; my pen bleeds truth . 
 my poor , tired eyes , they peer blankly like the great stones of this cleric 's cell -- ancient and hard , a random glistening of moisture , a hint of green . 
 i am a man , and that is all . 
 a noble creation , perhaps , but cursed by the frailties of my kind . 
 frail , but with a whisper of power , to endure the conflict of our appointment , too often abused , too often neglected . 
 powerful , but proud as well , proud of that power in such a way as to destine failure . 
 the humility of our mundane lives , sacrificed to brutish pursuits and tragic ends , we suffer no greater affliction , and therein opens the door also to our greatest victory won . 
 and surely i stand foremost of all who have abandoned themselves to those first things , if not the second . 
 but perhaps i fulfilled his designs all along , for `` where offense is greatest , there mercy proves finest . '' 
 regrets make for poor company , anyway . 
 never did a figure come less important into a tale , never a chronicler more the villain . 
 the boy i was passed through the community like every other . 
 ages ago all seemed pure ; how shades of the past fail us , to remember well , to remember rightly . 
 was not all deceit , even then ? 
 lies spin upon themselves in demon rage . 
 during the days of the stone law , in the shadow of the high mountains , i existed blissfully ignorant of both , but surely i lived always under the baleful eye of domen . 
 the day i learned my debt to the stone , so also i knew to fear the mountain . 
 the strength of my limbs as i had run through the meadows and raced past the orchards , the beating of heart and bursting lungs my only concern -- ah , all cast that day into the prison of memory , and my spirit limped feebly within . 
 one heart stops , and many die . 
 on that day i wept more for myself than for my homeland ; how the times would change such impudence . 
 as a man i thoughtlessly bent many labors at the behest of my countrymen and received benevolence from many others . 
 the quarries required their share of my sweat , and the docks allowed me to taste the sea spray . 
 maidens well hidden in the still night and bedcovers drew me into their own adventure , feeding my flesh and yet leaving it always hungering . 
 never did a man feast more on pastries yet desire dense , rough bread . 
 and then too my companion , that old man , following me like a dog to a meat cart . 
 everywhere i saw him , in my most secret moments i could see him peering , smirking . 
 how i hated him , yet always i clung , embraced him to my breast . 
 laugh he would as i cursed the feet that brought him near , and i wept and grieved , and threw my arm around his shoulder . 
 and his eyes did peer at me , his face smirked . 
 blinding lies , and yet the truth more so . 
 and always the stone . 
 always that rock hung over me like a great granite foundation stone suspended , waiting , longing for some great structure to take up and support . 
 slowly it frayed its ropes , never bending at my failure , always menacing me with the mountain , beckoning that damned mountain spirit , the cold spectre of doom . 
 oh , how i longed for that shadow to retreat from my head , to allow the brightness of the sun -- and then it did . 
 but mine is not the story i must tell , though it is , and is not . 
 no , i must sing of my homeland , the tale of a bloody battleground . 
 having seen as a child the blessing of the island , i reaped unto myself only more grievous mourning at its curse . 
 but have you not established us for this very calling ? 
 the long feather quill tickles at my chin , it entangles my beard , long and gray in these latter days . 
 the events that now flow in ink first flowed in your mind , my lord . 
 did you not place your people upon this solitary , secluded land for your purpose , long before you placed this pen in my hand ? 
 may the telling of your story , magister , bring fruit from these desiccated , sinewed branches , these limbs dried by age and cares . 
 oh my king , take this little pearl , take this charred wasteland , and redeem it for the destiny you have decreed . 
 i call my name aberan eft . 
 i dwell upon feallengod . 
 chapter i the shadows creep late already . 
 one might think that i would begin such an account with myself , and so i have , after a fashion , but in truth the story begins with another . 
 thoughts of him rampage and make me to shudder , mostly for the cause that i am so much like him as he himself . 
 in the days of his purgatory , the progression of days , domen raged in his head and screamed into the empty air , indestructible drape for his inhospitable rock . 
 never seen , his screeching often tore at the late hours ; at times i swear i heard him in my nightmares . 
 his wretched , bony frame stood defiantly before the sky as he shook his fist against all creation . 
 bounded on every side by twinkling waters , domen ruled over the island feallengod . 
 he possessed our island , and he hated the island . 
 `` curse him ! 
 curse him ! 
 damn my hide , who can curse him ? '' 
 domen recited under his breath as he picked his way over the shards of his realm . 
 the sharp edges of the black crags scraped at domen 's shins , but they raised neither blood nor complaint . 
 brown , leathery skin , not likely once the tender flesh of a babe , had long since grown indifferent to such injury . 
 and equally so the stone that lay in domen 's chest steeled itself against any tenderness that might coax blood from a real heart . 
 `` curse him ! '' 
 domen 's grumbling grew into a howl , and he bent his brow to the thought under the accusing finger of this day 's sun . 
 absent-mindedly he brushed a stinging wasp from his arm and squinted into the brightness . 
 how he longed for darkness ; yet the unmerciful star 's heat beat down also upon the people he saw below , their suffering his only comfort now in the glaring afternoon . 
 walked i among them ? 
 often i have wondered . 
 but my presence that day or any other mattered not to domen ; his anger pushed him precariously to the edge of sanity , into ever deeper and more scattered hatred for all , against him or no . 
 driven from memory , remote even as the island , the years or eons ago , the days he passed in the king 's presence . 
 domen could recall only faint shadows of the king 's courtiers , regaling him as most favored . 
 forgotten too was the name once his , and his wisdom and beauty -- tanned now brown as a coconut husk -- at that time the envy of all . 
 but the envy itself , no , the jealous longing lived on . 
 domen dwelt upon faint images of worshipping eyes all the day as he paced to and fro upon his mountain : how all others had coveted his position ! 
 how they had wished to put on his garment ! 
 just to wrap around domen 's cloak for a moment , a brief moment , and that would satisfy them . 
 how often he would bait his underlings , and make them grovel for his attentions ! 
 their praise and flattery revealed their fondest and most elusive desire , yet he himself felt their unsatiated hunger even more so . 
 domen looked about him at the forbidding , desolate blackness of the rock . 
 `` upon my life , i swear i will bring you down ! '' 
 he cried out , pounding his fists against his head . 
 once so highly exalted , as pleasing as his station had been so long ago , all had fallen to ruin now . 
 an appetite to gain that not his own had undone domen , and his courts now were reduced to we hard scrabble folk making our living from the soil , our existence vexing him from below just as the birds pestered from above . 
 ambition for what he could never attain now appointed to him the fate he had plotted for others . 
 domen stood up against the light of the midday sun and twisted the creaks out of his back . 
 his thin frame appeared frail , but a wiry strength surged through him , and he cared not a whit for the pitiful naggery of aches and pains . 
 he did as he wished , he did whatever he willed , not out of joy of the doing , but simply because he willed it . 
 domen had not a thought for what might be left in his wake ; even what destruction that might result he considered only a happy accident . 
 he was his own law , his own master , and nobody could force him to yield . 
 nobody but ecealdor . 
 `` ecealdor ! 
 hear me ! 
 i will defeat you yet ! 
 you will come under my thumb ! '' 
 king ecealdor 's decree long ago had given domen rule of the island and its pitiable population . 
 even then ecealdor had made sure the island resided under his sovereignty , and the people remained his subjects first . 
 so domen took title to the little realm , but gained no means to take possession : he had the kingdom , but not the keys . 
 with no way to steal the island away from ecealdor , domen had yet discovered no use for it . 
 he crept along the precipice using both hands and feet , clutching the unrelenting rock with his bony fingers as he tested each foothold . 
 years of navigating the terrain had taught him every shard that would hold his weight and every new step that his taut limbs could reach . 
 climbing down , climbing upwards , crossing sideways between spires , he made his way to a small opening near the top of his mountain hermitage . 
 the little stoop that awaited him at the opening seemed out of place on the treacherous mountainside . 
 squatting low as he walked , domen slinked along the level area and into the narrow cave he used for sleeping and scheming . 
 he shot a glance of distrust and disdain over his shoulder as he slipped into its depths , away from the hated light . 
 close to one wall glowed the tired embers of a long-ago fire . 
 never did it burn any more bright nor dim than this , for domen could not stand more . 
 the flickering heat and despised light seemed strangely too knowing , reading his heart . 
 wagging tongues of flame accused him as if to say `` you belong to us , '' so instead of stoking their mockery , domen kept them whispering . 
 near the coals , scattered bones of half-cooked birds littered the floor . 
 never patient with the low burning , to let the flames work their trade on his unfortunate prey , domen often roasted the fowls only long enough to singe their feathers . 
 many a bloody meal he partook in his shadows . 
 if indeed sufficient light had existed to view domen at his eating , the sight would have quickly disabused the appetites of fellow diners , had any been welcome . 
 by the opposite wall lay a matted skin , domen 's rancid pallet . 
 the fur more resembled the dirt on the floor than the animal it had once belonged to ; by faith , it surely had smelled better as an animal . 
 domen did n't notice . 
 he slept on the mat only out of habit , not because of any comfort it added to the rocky ground , and even then only sporadically . 
 rough cups and broken pots lay strewn about the floor , among the gnawed bones , jumbled and neglected . 
 domen knew of only one thing in the back of his cave , the lovely , blessed darkness . 
 darkness so thick as to conceal anything lurking within its folds , and domen never would have known . 
 a wonderful cloak of blackness , pouring into the depths of domen 's den , blackness after his own heart . 
 occasionally he would sink into that deathly womb thinking he would never emerge again . 
 such would not be the case , though : the one mistress more powerful than his love for the dark -- his hatred for everything that lay outside it -- always drew him out again . 
 this day the hatred boiled particularly hot . 
 `` curse him , curse him for an arrogant butcher ! 
 you great king , you despot over a servile people ! 
 you 'll never see my knees upon the ground , you grand toad ! 
 expects my homage , does he , when i could be just as he is ! 
 who is he to demand submission ! 
 who is he to demand tribute ! 
 he 'll be just as i am , or i 'll be dead in the doing ! '' 
 dizzy confusion swirled within domen 's head , his thoughts twisting about . 
 again and again he repeated his charges , punctuated by obscenity , spittle flying , driven by his explosive breath and anger . 
 he could hardly sort his rantings as his mind ran through a litany of grievances . 
 both hands pulled at his hair , clenched in rage , pleased to abuse himself in the absence of more likely victims . 
 `` i reigned as the one ! 
 chosen ! 
 the favored one ! 
 how they all envied my beauty ! 
 my beauty ! 
 my ... beauty ! '' 
 domen fairly croaked . 
 `` he could n't stand to have me in his sight , that was all of it . 
 he could not tolerate beauty that surpassed his ! 
 i could have been just as he is ! 
 yet here i stand , this vile island cages me , my prison ! 
 this rock , this ... this puny isolated pebble ! 
 he put me here , he put me here ! 
 curse him , curse him ! '' 
 domen paced as if addressing a court , a prosecutor accusing the defendant , driving his points with a knotted fist pounding his open palm . 
 `` oh , who can ruin him , who can undermine his ways ? '' 
 lamentation overtook him , his rasping voice breaking into a wail , the anguish of an animal in a trap . 
 `` the armies , the armies ! 
 he took my armies , in chains i know not where . 
 he has all the foolish people ! 
 those fools , fools , putrid maggots , they always do his bidding . 
 who can avenge me ? 
 who can bring him down to become as i am ? '' 
 the fear that fed his hatred overcame domen . 
 he again looked over his shoulder , involuntarily , this time not with disdain but panicked at who might be observing . 
 he knew nobody could have crept up the side of his mountain without him seeing , and still , still he looked . 
 the humiliation lay heavily upon domen , to fear him even here ! 
 domen sat on the floor of his filthy cave , his legs sticking out straight , his back slumped into an uncomfortable hunch . 
 he held his head in his hands as it rocked side to side . 
 suddenly he realized -- ecealdor inhabited his thoughts as his neck bowed . 
 what makes submission ? 
 he quickly caught himself , looking up over his still-cupped hands , and upon his face grew a sneer . 
 no , he thought , no longer would he surrender to despair , no longer give his mind over to such weakness as this . 
 no , no indeed . 
 instead , he would have his revenge ... he would have his revenge , and never in the foothills below did we see the storm arising . 
 he peered through the opening of his cave , his bitterness twisting grotesquely across his face . 
 the sun now set behind a bank of brackish clouds . 
 domen drew to the opening , then closer to the brink of the outside ledge . 
 in the gloaming he could see , far below , the people going about the business of their lives in the community , sitting under the mountain 's shadow . 
 each carried a long staff , according to custom , and some token of a trade -- carpenters , bakers , shopkeepers , bankers , musicians , goodwives , children . 
 oblivious , we followed our vain busy-ness , completely blind to the tortured figure looming above us , ready to pour out his vile incantation upon us . 
 we puttered along the busy streets , passing each other with nods of greeting and words of warmth and encouragement . 
 we lived proudly as ecealdor 's people , so we believed ; but our feet treading upon feallengod made us domen 's people as well . 
 so had he said . 
 feallengod -- your name speaks of wonder and mourning , a great venture groaning under the weight of your time and place . 
 the legends claim that the king himself , in times more ancient than history , one day called upon a great eagle to fly directly into the sun , taking fire upon its wings . 
 trailing flames through the heavens , the bird returned to plunge into the heart of the ocean heofon . 
 left nothing but ashes , the wind caressed the eagle 's remains , and the rain wetted it with tears , and the island feallengod arose from its grave . 
 so the king had baptized the birth of the nation with sacrifice , and planted a people to live according to its witness . 
 so thus did king ecealdor place my people upon the island and provide us everything we might need . 
 lush , tall forests , green meadows and bountiful gardens covered the island . 
 gentle waves lapped at the sandy beaches , which in turn rose up into rich , fertile soils , which themselves boiled and soared into hills and magnificent mountains . 
 four rivers crossed the land , four separate rivers indeed but always called as one by the islanders , pouring over falls and into deep pools until joining into a single stream to flow out again into the ocean . 
 the burbling joy and oneness of the rivers seemed reflected as well in the people , in those generations before the cursing . 
 life flourished on the island then . 
 fruit weighed heavily upon the trees , bending branches mercilessly . 
 fish stretched and leapt out of the warm waters , so much so that fishermen gave up their hooks , instead leaning dangerously over the sides of their boats , ready to scoop their catch out of the air with nets . 
 placid animals roamed the land ; great flocks of birds filled the air with flight and song . 
 ecealdor himself dwelt on the island for a time , walking among his people , taking note of their ways . 
 each man , woman and child knew to go to him with any dispute or desire , or , better yet , simply to sit in his presence , welcome to all . 
 he entertained them in his courts , he hosted great feasts , he rejoiced in their harvests and grieved in their heartaches . 
 a time came , eventually , when his thoughts drew ecealdor away from the island . 
 other parts of the greater kingdom called him away from time to time , always to return . 
 but in the passage of days his absences grew longer and longer , until one day he did not return at all . 
 instead , he sent his court messenger mægen-el to deliver a great document , a law to direct and remind the people : `` i , thy servant mægen-el , am messenger of the great king ecealdor , thy sovereign lord and benefactor . 
 king ecealdor sends his greetings , his love and his blessings . 
 o people , thy servant comes to give thee skill and understanding , for thou art greatly beloved . 
 therefore , understand this matter . 
 `` king ecealdor , the most high , dost not return to the island of thy habitation . 
 he withdraws elsewhere in the greater kingdom according to the counsel of his will . 
 by his own name he doth swear that he doth not abandon thee . 
 he promises to appear again at a time of his knowing . 
 until that day , he leaves unto thee the responsibility to carry out his desires and to wait upon him . 
 `` king ecealdor , the just , bids thee give ear unto his ordinances . 
 this great law he leaves thee : obey and prosper . 
 this great commandment he requires of thee : do not fail to follow . 
 this great word he leaves unto thee : do not step to one side or the other , but walk faithfully , and thou wilt not be forsaken . 
 `` king ecealdor , the powerful , leaves this law to guide thy ways and bring thee blessing and wonder . 
 in this one thing he bids thee obey him : ` wait upon ecealdor to the end , and pour out thy blessing upon his people as richly as thee take . ' 
 for he has made thee an inheritance for his prince , and he comes to claim thee , even as he claims his throne . 
 he bids thee to be just as he is , and he will make a way for thee . 
 follow this word , and great king ecealdor will never be far from thee . 
 `` i , thy servant mægen-el , messenger of great king ecealdor , leave thee now . 
 may his benevolence forever be upon thy head , across the wide greater kingdom . '' 
 and the island had not seen ecealdor since . 
 but the king loved it still . 
 my people received the law gladly , engraving it upon a great stone , set in the middle of our community in the foothills . 
 the stone drew men and women , a warm beacon to their hearts , and they often paused to read the words of the law aloud , and bore the words upon their tongues as they went their way . 
 but faithfulness is a constant pursuit . 
 a custom arose that a man would run his fingers over the words as he read , and then we began only to touch the engraving without casting even a glance . 
 years came and went , and our sightless fingers so wore away the words that they defied reading , even for anyone so disposed . 
 oh , feallengod , how you left yourself starving ! 
 with no understanding , the stone had turned into a grinding mill . 
 still , the island people went about their lives , passing each other with nods of greeting and words of warmth , each with a vague feeling that , though silent , ecealdor still saw them somewhere out in the expanse of the greater kingdom . 
 sometimes we would gather and discuss the law , remembered from our cradles , in the sweet voices of young mothers ; sometimes we would debate the depths of its meaning , without knowing even its surface ; sometimes we would boldly imagine the day we 'd touch ecealdor again . 
 this beautiful landscape , this wonderful psalm , proclaimed the feallengod of my childhood , merely one of many thousands . 
 no , ecealdor had not been seen on the island feallengod for generations , the people said . 
 but still he loved it , so we believed . 
 a skulking goblin upon the dizzying heights of his mountain peak , domen grew ill at the sight of us , the people of feallengod , so far below , and his mind turned to the time ecealdor had banished him from gægnian . 
 slitted eyes surveyed his kingdom , wretched form perched upon his pinnacle . 
 `` so i can not curse him , '' he muttered beneath his fetid breath . 
 `` i will curse those whom he loves . '' 
 chapter ii my mind dwells much too often on the former days , and i wonder , why did i escape notice ? 
 i fancy myself a truer target , puffed up now with grand illusions of insight and self-sacrifice , if not for the craven heart that would have in truth suggested me . 
 i doubt not that i would have fallen just as fast if not more willingly , given the same opportunity , but a man already bereft of loyalties can not be a turncoat . 
 even now , i admit i have no confidence . 
 `` save my own skin : '' i 'm sure my creed has not changed ; surely too my old enemy would have had me . 
 so why was n't i singled out ? 
 for evil to destroy a nation , it must first destroy a man . 
 so i have to find peace believing my degraded past saved my future from becoming a true target . 
 but the baleful eye of domen instead fell upon a man much my better , a man for whom the consequences stabbed more deeply , beorn feohtan . 
 every day the sun dutifully ran its course over feallengod , revealing its morning light over the eastern horizon of the great body of water , the ocean heofon . 
 and just as predictably , every day beorn feohtan appeared over the hillocks of the island as he walked the path from his hovel to the terraced orchards he tended . 
 his steps always proud and joyful , often he went his way unshod , allowing that it was good for his soles to enjoy the smooth stones with which he had paved his path , and his toes the cool grass that grew in between . 
 ecealdor himself had given the orchards to beorn 's family in generations past . 
 the soil , like cake in its rich moistness , gave rise to every pleasant tree and plant known to the island , and the harvest returned bountifully from year to year , each tree in its own season . 
 as a boy , i received much more than food from those lush trees , for their branches gave sanctuary to hours of play and adventure , a theater to my fantasies . 
 from these acres alone beorn could feed the entire population of the community in the foothills , so the esteem of the people blossomed about his feet as well . 
 throughout feallengod in those days , the blessings of ecealdor seemed to double themselves back upon the ones who shared the abundance . 
 to beorn 's ancestors also had been laid a charge , however , a responsibility to work the orchards . 
 though the good land 's bounty seemed to have no end , beorn followed well his father 's instruction to see to his work faithfully , as his grandfather 's instruction had been before him . 
 so every morning he made his way westward down his path . 
 each day he passed the rock of the law , and out of habit he ran his fingers gently over the worn letters . 
 he did n't stop to try to read ; instead , he imagined the law as best he could within his mind , juggling it with the muddle of his daily cares . 
 back in the feohtan hovel , beorn 's bride cwen stood at her window and watched him disappear into the tangle of neighboring houses . 
 every morning she toiled in the kitchen , quietly put her family in order and kept the house , for so she made beorn to prosper . 
 ecealdor had given her to beorn just as he had given the orchards , though beorn claimed but six years of age at the time and she not even one , in the tradition of the day . 
 not that theirs was not a match of love ; even more so , as beorn and cwen considered themselves each a royal gift to the other . 
 so she made her responsibility to care for him , and he her . 
 ecealdor did n't arrange such things himself very often , so cwen took special care to see to her duties . 
 she carried on in a solid , stout frame , having invested her girlish figure in bearing three sons . 
 her brown hair often falling across her forehead in the course of her work , cwen 's arms and shoulders had grown strong under her burdens , yet her hands remained soft and gentle to the touch . 
 rich green eyes peered from under her delicate brow , a lamp into her firm but sympathetic heart . 
 she made a habit of wearing a single medallion , hung about her neck by a leather string , the form of a fawn upon a small gold disk . 
 `` here , cwen , love , '' beorn had said , the shining trinket dangling from his hand . 
 `` i have smelted and worked it as best i can . 
 i fear i am no artist . '' 
 cwen cradled the little medallion . 
 `` it is most beautiful , beorn , and still not beautiful enough . 
 nothing can replace what i 've lost , but it will help me remember . 
 a thing to hold on to . '' 
 `` yes , we must always remember . 
 whatever comes our way , no matter the joys or griefs , nothing can fully heal this tragedy , nor loose our grasp on the memories . 
 we must take hold of the joys of his life , and let go the mourning of his end , like a dove flying into the sky . 
 like a fawn leaping into the meadow . '' 
 tenderly he took her into her arms as she quietly sobbed , half to comfort her and half to hide his own tears . 
 her shoulder was soft to his brow , but stronger than any stone brace . 
 the days that followed were quiet and long , but indeed they followed , as they always do . 
 cwen filled those days with industry and her nights with generosity . 
 the townsfolk well knew her spinning and the wonderful fabrics she produced by her loom . 
 berries and roots from her husband 's orchards she worked into colorful dyes , until only the rainbows themselves might challenge her flax and woolens . 
 she distributed her wares , and the bounty of the orchards , throughout the community , and those who could pay in kind did , and those who could n't , did n't , and never a word was spoken . 
 these greedy hands before me exploited that very charity , me and my old friend , more often than once . 
 more than ink stains these fingers . 
 in this way honor became beorn , by his work and by his wife . 
 and so he sat in the high place of honor at the gate of the community . 
 and so there domen found him . 
 `` good day , man of feallengod , '' said domen . 
 his body twisted into contradiction as he withdrew his shoulders but extended a gnarled hand . 
 the gate of the community faced away from the mountain peak of domen 's lair , and he had appeared unnoticed from the shadows of the city walls . 
 `` good day , sir , '' beorn replied and returned his greeting . 
 domen 's leathery skin , stretched over boney fingers , left beorn with the impression of grasping a handful of twigs . 
 domen withdrew his hand and , unthinking , rubbed his palm against his cloak . 
 `` fine day on feallengod , would n't you say , man ? '' 
 `` indeed . '' 
 beorn looked about him at the chill overcast . 
 autumn fast would turn to winter , but beorn had no mind to argue . 
 `` you are beorn feohtan , is n't that so ? '' 
 `` that would be me , sir . '' 
 `` you tend the orchards ? 
 you have done well here on feallengod , have you not ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 beorn felt uneasy at the fawning of this unfamiliar figure who seemed to know him . 
 `` the gift of the soil sustains us fully . 
 and of ecealdor . '' 
 `` ecealdor , you say ? '' 
 domen 's countenance darkened drastically at the name . 
 `` what has ecealdor done ? 
 have you seen him ? 
 where is he ? 
 ecealdor -- pish ! '' 
 beorn was not given to fly into anger , but still his back grew stiff at this sudden indignity . 
 he frowned and drew deep breath before making measured reply . 
 `` the king does not answer to me , nor does he report his moving about to me . '' 
 `` pardon , sir , '' domen drew a hand roughly over his eyes and forehead , looking about at nothing in the sky overhead . 
 with a deferential gesture , he again put on his humble demeanor . 
 `` no offense intended . 
 i only meant that surely you do well by the works of your hands . 
 no doubt you have made your livelihood prosperous , sir ? 
 and for your wife and sons ... you have three sons , i think ? '' 
 `` two . 
 one died . '' 
 `` my condolences . 
 for all your family , too , you work hard to provide well for them . 
 how pride must swell in you , man . '' 
 `` perhaps , '' replied beorn , more and more suspicious yet preferring to show no rudeness . 
 certainly this conversation would end soon . 
 `` by the grace of ecealdor . '' 
 domen gritted his stained teeth , grinding his jaws to fend off another rant , his hatred boiling . 
 clearly his pleasantries made him no progress . 
 again his demeanor turned dark . 
 `` you have great faith in ecealdor , man of feallengod . '' 
 `` perhaps . '' 
 `` you depend on the grace of ecealdor ? '' 
 `` perhaps . '' 
 `` do you consider your life the way of a man ? 
 do you not trust in your own strength ? '' 
 `` a man is nothing more than a servant to many , stranger . '' 
 beorn again felt the indignation at his back . 
 his fingers searched about in his vest pockets for a bit of dried venison . 
 `` should he not also serve his king ? '' 
 `` you may wish to serve yourself , '' domen believed in his vanity to have opened an advantage , and so he pursued . 
 `` will you forever lean upon this crutch , this trust in an absentee lord ? 
 should you not take what rightfully belongs to you , and give up this myth that your king will return ? 
 does he even remember this tiny speck in the greater kingdom ? '' 
 `` a crutch makes for quite a clever device , when one is crippled . 
 your own words betray a belief that ecealdor lives still in the greater kingdom . 
 i imagine he will be good as his word . '' 
 `` this land needs its own king . 
 the people are forced to give up the good things of the world in exchange for some misty hope of a perfect future . 
 now is now ! 
 what counts is now . 
 this land needs to throw off ecealdor and choose a king for the present . '' 
 `` what words do i hear ? 
 you talk treason ! 
 who are you to suggest such things ? '' 
 `` i am called domen . '' 
 `` domen ? '' 
 beorn gasped , and his hand hung limp from the pocket it had been exploring . 
 `` domen -- from the mountain peak ? 
 we counted you dead ... or gone . 
 that domen is no more than a legend , surely . '' 
 `` oh , i am real enough , man of feallengod . 
 more real than you could ever realize . '' 
 `` you have been invisible so long ... yet you are governor of the island ? '' 
 `` not governor -- prince , by edict of ecealdor . 
 the king fails to come back . 
 i have determined to take over rule of feallengod . 
 so has he said . 
 if you think yourself a man , you will join me . 
 you will do what your heart dictates and follow me . '' 
 `` he has called you prince , '' beorn conceded , trying to think but feeling confused , and his confidence wavered . 
 `` but he has also said he will return . '' 
 `` no , idiot ! '' 
 domen seethed at beorn 's insistence on this point . 
 `` your life is a breath . 
 do you not measure it in days ? 
 what lies in wait for your old age , when all your future has become the past , and ecealdor still has n't returned ? 
 can you reclaim your life then ? 
 look into your heart -- your heart would have you serve yourself . 
 i see it ! 
 you say the orchards come to you by royal gift . 
 then take hold of them ! 
 claim them for your own use ! 
 desert your foolish love for ecealdor ! 
 follow me ! 
 follow me , and claim for yourself now what this forsaken rock owes you ! '' 
 anger boiled over into steaming words , and beorn 's head cleared . 
 `` no . 
 he made his only claim upon us , to love him . 
 i will not disobey that one request . '' 
 `` curse him ! '' 
 roared domen , letting loose the thought that had plagued him all morning , and he began to pace about restlessly where he stood . 
 `` and curse you , you pitiful , ignorant fool ! 
 your mocking will come back upon you ! 
 my will is not so easily turned aside ! '' 
 domen stormed through the gate and took his railing into the community . 
 beorn sat stunned , silent at the gate , sorting through the vile words and aftermath of emotion . 
 domen 's claims left him sick , yet with a taste for fruits he had never desired before . 
 years passed in hard labor , yet not once did he ever cease to consider the orchards a gift . 
 now he felt a change , a desire to claim for himself what was always his . 
 still , he felt sure he had guarded the letter of the law , and stood on the strength of his convictions . 
 but in all his proud musing , he had not a single thought about cwen . 
 domen raged in the streets as he made his way through the community . 
 `` cursed puny cockroach ! 
 he 'll soon turn , he 'll soon turn ! 
 i know the way ! '' 
 his agitated hands rubbed together tensely and clinched into fists . 
 did i cross paths with domen that day ? 
 likely not ; my fate more probably placed me in the grip of a bottle or some faceless lassie , the old man and me . 
 strange how some graces erupt from festering boils . 
 regardless , no memory of such a meeting remains with me , and mercifully what i dread has not been revealed to me . 
 the confluence of events that conspires to bring about what we know as history hides cleverly from human probing . 
 but for one runaway cart , or haplessly timed swing of a staff , much that followed that day might never have been . 
 what invisible hand drives events , what countenance smiles upon the desires of men ? 
 or does that hand indeed direct man 's will ? 
 it vexes me even now . 
 the winding streets of the community follow no pattern ; they simply go where they are going . 
 twisting around the tightly packed houses , one might lead directly into a tree , and others might loop back upon themselves . 
 they make for great games for the island children , and sport at the expense of strangers asking directions . 
 but domen , though new to town , walked his route , head down , muttering angrily , without looking . 
 years of glowering at the community from his overhead perch had deeply etched even the smallest alleys into his memory . 
 he took no notice of the smooth paving stones under his feet . 
 out of the jumble of buildings domen soon found himself at the mud-brick hovel of beorn feohtan . 
 he stopped just a moment to quench his fury , then set his face and approached an open window . 
 inside he spied cwen , her back to him and prettily framed by the blowing curtains . 
 she stood at her kitchen table , double-checking a recipe scribbled upon a scrap of parchment , vigorously stirring a confection in a large bowl at rest in the crook of her arm . 
 her work sealed her mind and her hand . 
 `` woman , can you spare a drink of cool water ? '' 
 he simpered . 
 `` oh ! 
 goodness , sir , you 've taken me by surprise ! '' 
 squeaked cwen with a jump . 
 `` goodness would cause surprise indeed , '' he replied , but not so she could hear . 
 `` the dust of the path has dried my throat . '' 
 `` yes , a drink for you , of course , '' cwen continued , and she fetched a cup from the cabinet . 
 going to the rain barrel at the back of the house , she ladled out a long drink and offered her tender care to domen . 
 `` many thanks , '' he muttered as he sniffed the contents . 
 he sipped it daintily , the clearness not quite to his taste , and threw the better part of it to the ground . 
 `` you acquit your home well , cwen feohtan . '' 
 `` you know me , sir ? '' 
 `` oh , yes , of course . 
 feallengod knows you well , woman . 
 often the people speak of you and your generosity , your selfless giving and service . '' 
 `` do they ? '' 
 cwen smiled slightly . 
 sometimes our pride shows in feigning humility . 
 `` yes , i hear their voices now , as they speak of you sacrificing your family 's well being . 
 how they can rely upon taking the fruit of your labors right out of your hand . 
 yes , but do not concern yourself with their scorn . '' 
 `` scorn , sir ? '' 
 the brightness fell from her face . 
 `` as i stand here , madam . 
 the ingrates ! 
 they ca n't appreciate your self-denial , the clods . 
 they only care to take , take as you give , then jest and nudge each other over the trick they 've played . '' 
 `` trick , sir ? '' 
 `` why , certainly . 
 you have every right to the profit of your work . 
 the townsfolk say they lift it from your purse like pickpockets at a fair . 
 shameful ! 
 indeed , i say , they treat you so badly . 
 why do you continue to play into their hands ? 
 why should you make a gift of any of your belongings ? 
 what charity ever profited you ? '' 
 `` my own charity profits me . '' 
 `` yes , yes , of course . 
 and tell them that when you are starving , '' said domen with a crude jerking gesture over his shoulder in the direction of the neighboring houses . 
 `` they see you only as a basket of plenty , soon to empty . 
 for what possible reason do you insist on feeding their fat bellies and -- at the same time , mind you -- and their disdain for you ? '' 
 oh , my friend , how these words stare blankly back at me from this page ! 
 they accuse in their numbing silence . 
 my confession takes up a dagger to skewer my heart . 
 domen wrenched cwen 's blessing to me into a curse upon her , wringing out the sweet and leaving only the bitter ; i renounce the day i ever took from her gentle hand upon her stoop , or looked into her gracious eyes . 
 what despicable coil in human minds takes innocent kindness and twists it into vile avarice , a sauce to baste the burning martyr ? 
 yet the accusation stands ; so charged , and so i plead . 
 benevolence too often begets hedonism , and even the poorest of all can grow to despise the life that charity sustains . 
 to live is to give opportunity to deceit , and like all the most innocent , cwen fell victim most easily . 
 i disavow my putrid stomach ; better that it should have starved those many days ago . 
 `` my reason is love , '' said cwen . 
 `` the law of ecealdor tells us to bless him and bless my fellows upon feallengod . '' 
 again domen felt the rage inside him rise , roiling his entrails as he braced himself ; only with the greatest effort did he prevent his expression to even flinch at the name . 
 `` ah , but remember the whole law : ` wait upon ecealdor to the end , as you richly take . ' 
 you must love yourself , for nobody else will . 
 as you serve the king , you must serve yourself . 
 nobody cares about your charity , matron feohtan , only about their full stomachs and jolly satire . '' 
 a snake slid over his foot , but domen took no notice . 
 `` they do n't ? '' 
 `` and what a fool they make of your husband . '' 
 `` my husband ? '' 
 `` certainly . 
 what did you think ? 
 consider the greatness of his labors , wasted for filling the bloated bowels of lazy slugs . 
 i hardly blame them , though , that you do n't protect his best interests . 
 did n't ecealdor say the fruit of the orchards belongs to you ? '' 
 `` he said we have possession of the fruits . '' 
 `` and did n't ecealdor say to be just as he is ? '' 
 a sickly smile spread . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` then follow his command and claim your rights to the orchards . 
 do you think anybody takes from ecealdor 's hand what is his ? 
 did n't he promise you prosperity ? 
 do n't let some pitiful parasites keep you from the riches that belong to you . 
 you ca n't wait forever for your reward ; take it now ! '' 
 `` they make a fool of beorn ? '' 
 `` as i stand here , woman . 
 but do forgive yourself -- you did n't mean to betray your family . 
 well , good day ... pardon , i believe this cup belongs to you , no ? 
 i would not think of taking what is rightfully yours , madam . '' 
 the old fox slipped away , leaving cwen standing , worrying her thoughts , there on the porch . 
 his back turned to her as he retreated to the path ; a cruel grin bared his yellow teeth . 
 slowly cwen returned to her recipe , distracted as she stirred and baked , rolling over in her mind what the strange messenger had said . 
 she had n't even asked his name , but the more she thought upon these things , the more she took his arguments to heart . 
 so , the community ridiculed beorn ? 
 and the fault did fall to her , the fault of giving away from their abundance . 
 ecealdor had said to be just as he is . 
 what did that mean , if not to rule over her possessions ? 
 surely not to give her family over to fraud . 
 we must love ourselves , she thought . 
 tears dropped into her batter , for the sake of shaming her husband 's name . 
 a wise man would have scoffed at the whole argument . 
 a scoundrel such as i -- i would have sought excuses . 
 but the upright always add unto their own account . 
 again her hands , which had worked so often to bless so many , slowed into idleness as she stood and mulled her exchange with domen . 
 a noise came at the door , and beorn entered his home . 
 `` cwen , love ! '' 
 `` beorn . '' 
 `` and how have you fared this day , my dear ? '' 
 her voice trembled with emotion . 
 `` beorn , we must protect ourselves against the community . 
 you , me , our sons -- we must think of ourselves first . '' 
 a chill filled the air as the autumn sun set . 
 a genial fire soon would warm the feohtans ' hovel , and just so also the embers lit in their hearts flame into roaring tongues of rebellion . 
 chapter iii more a laborious burden than ever in the generations of his family , beorn 's work weighed heavily on him come morning . 
 his back ached at his tilling as he dug around the entwining roots of his orchards . 
 tree branches seemed to reach out with crooked , plaintive twigs to grasp his coat , a silent plea to return to older days , to join them again in fellowship of the earth . 
 sullenly he shook off their touch . 
 without sleep through the night watch , his head rolled like a millstone upon his neck . 
 late into the moon 's passage had cwen pressed her point , and in the end he could do no more than simply put off his judgment . 
 he still could not wring sense from her words : never before had he known her to have a selfish thought , but never had she been so forceful as now . 
 what stranger had so influenced her desire for the fruits of the orchard ? 
 his heart hung low in his chest , more sobbing than beating , for there he knew . 
 his grown sons , begietan his firstborn and hatan the third , joined in his daily toil . 
 raised in the feohtan tradition , both learned to tend the orchards from an early age . 
 first with their grandfather , then only their father , they grew into men working the black soil in the trees ' lush shade , taking their lunch on the soft grass , going their separate ways for the evening . 
 every plant , every tree became their passion ; they knew when each did well , when each required pruning , how to cajole them into bringing forth fruit . 
 the orchard grounds became a second home , sleep sometimes beckoning under the leafy canopy instead of the sons ' own roof . 
 yet begietan 's heart had always wandered elsewhere . 
 fire blazed within begietan , standing taller than his father , with arms strong for pulling the bow and an eye sure for letting the arrow fly . 
 he shared his father 's towhead , gold like the sunrise on a wheat field , but little else ; a multitude of scars marked him and his life . 
 begietan learned the building of things , and his designs ranged from instruments of music to implements of iron , and he made them work . 
 indeed , with nothing but his hands and back he had built a room onto the rear of the feohtan hovel , which he used for his lone counsels . 
 begietan tilled the ground of the orchards , but with no vigor except that born of discontent . 
 i never had much use for begietan ; perhaps some things i did understand , without understanding that i understood . 
 regardless , though one might think the days would draw us into friendship , in our youth i maintained a goodly distance . 
 he largely roamed alone . 
 perhaps i simply did not give myself over to my appetites quite as eagerly as he . 
 perhaps something in his eye showed his intent flowed from places unknown to me . 
 regardless , even as i fell in with companions who would join in my gluttony from the world 's trough , i did not number begietan among them . 
 i 'm not sure i ever spoke a word to him , until the very moment that i had to . 
 first-fruits of an infant marriage , his parents did marvel at begietan , as what new parents do not ? 
 cwen especially could make no end of her doting , with ecstatic endearments of unreserved love and grand expectation . 
 the praises that fell upon his ears must have grown up only thistles in his heart , as he took them for truth and soon believed himself the best feallengod could produce . 
 he first found his interest in the hunt as a child , not even as tall as the bow , i am told ; beorn happily trained him at the target . 
 begietan immediately showed his skill , and took to always wearing a loaded quiver , even to his bed . 
 but soon shooting the bull 's eye eventually , predictably , grew wearisome for him , and so he sought moving targets ; then beorn forbade him to shoot at wildlife . 
 `` wait , '' he said , `` and at your thirteenth birthday we will go out together and seek game . '' 
 but the child showed the impatience that often lies at the root of anger , and one morning he left the hovel before his parents and brother awoke . 
 bow in hand and quiver full , he ran along the edge of the foothills -- away from the community -- alone with his ambitions , settling behind some fallen rocks at the bottom of the high mountains , near a pool of still water . 
 as the sun rose , activity rustled awake in the rushes at the water 's edge , and quiet quacking floated gently from the bramble . 
 before long the waterfowl began to emerge . 
 one arrow , and then a second , missed its mark and slid with a glup into the water . 
 then a third found its target , and a bird lay dead in the shallows . 
 the young begietan exulted over his kill for a moment before pulling the prey from its watery grave . 
 skillfully he dressed the bird with his knife , and soon an open fire was turning the flesh brown and crisp . 
 by himself , squatting and gnawing , he enjoyed the morsel -- away from the demands of his family 's hunger , away from their begging plates -- witnessed by only a single pair of searing eyes from high above . 
 back at the hovel that morning , beorn set out for the orchards , wondering about the cold pillow where young begietan had laid his head the night before . 
 hatan , the third son , i never really knew , a matter to still grieve over , but probably one that gave him much benefit . 
 his birth came fully a generation after begietan . 
 in fact , even as the fates fell hard upon feallengod , he had not aged much beyond boyhood . 
 however , the number of his years belied his head and heart , those of a man -- i see well now . 
 he helped tend the orchards , not out of duty nor as of being compelled , but out of love : love for his father , love for the king 's generosity , love for the soil and bark and leaves themselves . 
 after completing a day 's work , he often would tarry and walk among the trees , wondering at the intricate designs of each leaf or at the depth of the roots hidden in the ground . 
 he would marvel at the wisdom of ecealdor for the order of the garden in the midst of its diversity . 
 often hatan and beorn spoke of the king as they bent to their labors , until the work surprised both by abandoning them to a leisurely afternoon . 
 many a morning the air filled with their voices , joined in songs of feallengod : `` beautiful in the midst of heofon , `` the joy of the greater kingdom , `` lies elegant feallengod , `` chosen land of ecealdor . 
 `` appointed to her greatness `` to the glory of the king , `` prepare for your glorious service , `` o chosen land of ecealdor . '' 
 young hatan shared as well his father 's weakness for the lady cwen . 
 he came from her womb in mourning , the son born third but to be counted as second , and as such his birthing pains became healing salve to her . 
 as a babe he wriggled in the cradle of her arms , basking in the warmth of her smile even as tears fell upon his face . 
 his chubby fingers found the curls of her hair for play , and the gold disk as well , and he cooed and gurgled in the security of her embrace . 
 even now she asked very little of him , but what desires she made known he fulfilled gladly . 
 he hoped for nothing from her but a deep glance and glad smile . 
 second son astigan bore the shadow of tragedy , entering the world after begietan 's birth and leaving before hatan 's , and too good for it in between . 
 i count it the greatest blessedness of my youth to have called him friend . 
 unlike his brothers and even my own , astigan made pact with me as kindred spirit , a lover of the land and the animals that fed from it . 
 many times i joined him in the meadowlands , simply to lounge in the tall grass and allow the gentle wildlife to nibble our clothing . 
 he could talk endlessly about anything , high or low ; he 'd tweak my brain with wordplay until i could n't follow anymore ; he dreamed about what lay beyond the island . 
 he brokered goodwill among the people , showing the same spirit of generosity as his mother , often helping her distribute the harvest of the orchards . 
 his voice sang with laughter ; oh , how well i remember the warm evenings , spent laying rollicking scorn upon each other as fools in competition . 
 `` shall i bring down the doe that stands beyond that thicket ? '' 
 i pointed into the distance . 
 `` using what ? 
 the great multitude of words echoing about in your brain ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` with my sling . '' 
 `` oh , so you will use the stones within your head . '' 
 `` come on , '' i persisted . 
 `` i wager i bring her down with one throw , and leave some buck a widower . '' 
 `` and never would his sorrow come so ` deer . ' '' 
 and he tootled upon a reed whistle . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` that doe belongs to the king , you know . '' 
 astigan 's joking retreated , or so i guessed . 
 `` surely , '' i replied . 
 `` why would you steal from the king , sneaking about in the tall grasses , when you have but to ask and his managers would grant you a hart ? '' 
 `` but the sport of it -- '' `` of the kill ? 
 or the craft ? '' 
 `` both , i suppose . '' 
 `` then let us sneak instead into the orchards tonight and swipe a couple of pears , ' ay ? 
 pair of pears ? '' 
 his voice crackled with hoarse intrigue . 
 `` but those just belong to your family . '' 
 `` then i grant them to you . '' 
 astigan saw to his duties faithfully , and gave his devotion to his parents and his friends and to ecealdor without restraint . 
 like a school boy 's first , innocent love , i in turn devoted myself to astigan 's friendship . 
 over long hours we shared our hopes and plans , always full of great bravado and adventure , never considering that hardship and disaster might loom over the horizon . 
 so lost i became that i began to think of ecealdor even less often than his law , and i forgot the foundation of all things good that i had come to rely upon . 
 my king ! 
 your mercies flow so tender , to overlook such foolishness , and in your grace you allow the hard lessons that teach against such ill-begotten devices . 
 for surely the crashing waves of time knocked away my sandy foothold and swept me away in their unforgiving strength . 
 i believe then too came the time i first caught sight of that old man , that old beggar who attached himself so grimly to my life . 
 like a tick he sucked the blood from my heart . 
 on one of those days , from across a crowd his face bobbed over the others , grasping that knotted staff of his , a grizzled glow staring me down from afar . 
 i could not tear away my gaze . 
 he looked pleased for no reason . 
 gray and white speckled whiskers , a jolly grin baring ragged teeth , he said not a word . 
 in fact , he drew no closer that first day , as best i remember , but never after that did he seem far from me . 
 time and again , i caught sight of him peering at me like a hungry man at a leg of lamb . 
 not with sorrow so much as utter disbelief did beorn and cwen face astigan 's loss . 
 the day began as all others but ended as none ever before nor since as he disappeared and was not seen again . 
 after work in the orchards that afternoon he took leave of his father and brother and went into the community . 
 the basket maker remembered astigan 's visit to his shop , and the miller recalled his small purchase of oats and corn . 
 two of the townsfolk related their crossing his path as he walked briskly toward the meadows , where flocks of sheep and herds of goats and deer abide . 
 i myself raised my staff in greeting to him on the street , all smiles and warm words , too busy for more than a handshake , the last time ever i saw him . 
 what happened afterwards drifted into mystery . 
 though beorn , cwen and begietan searched the island for weeks , never a trace of astigan revealed itself , never a merciful hint , at least to hear those who talked of such things . 
 i tried to search as well , but i could not bear to enter again , alone , into the waving , lying peace of the meadowlands , afraid of what i might find , afraid of finding nothing . 
 so he remained in the rolling meadows , perhaps in body and perhaps only in spirit . 
 astigan , my friend -- how my arms did ache for you . 
 the moment i heard seared my brain , and i grieve even yet over the memory . 
 the heartache burned and bled like nothing i 'd ever known : a crushing , grinding butcher of that unthinking happiness i 'd grown to love more than love itself and thought would never desert me . 
 without my truest friend , i felt abandoned and alone , a jagged half-soul let loose to wander barren lands . 
 that day began my decline , as i grew to disbelieve any good thing , to see no pure nor noble essence in the eyes of any man . 
 the fault lay with someone , someone should have to pay ; if the guilty remained unpunished , then i would have to bear the penalty in my grief . 
 what we accuse of each other , we likely are guilty of ourselves . 
 and so i lay upon my fellows the untrusting anger and betrayal i felt within myself . 
 in this as well i slew astigan , by not choosing instead to honor his memory by imitating his character . 
 from that time i sold my youth cheaply , for years working the quarries and docks , then the docks and quarries , as the opportunity arose , kissing my coins farewell quickly on pleasures and vice . 
 other times i simply wandered the streets , accepting equally the offerings of the generous and the scorn of the judgmental . 
 ever closer drew that old man , wizened geezer , friend and enemy , his staff more stout than most , closer and ever nearer . 
 at whatever opportunity arose i gaily spent my labors , and always he seemed to stand witness to my hedonist bankruptcy . 
 then at last he spoke , from behind me i heard his voice for the first time , knowing full well it was his own . 
 a copper had fallen into my hand from a man well able to give more . 
 in the same breath he pointedly suggested for me a shave and a bath , and turned away quickly . 
 his bag dangled lightly from the side of his belt . 
 `` take it , '' said the voice . 
 instead , i turned to face the speaker . 
 a filthier man i 've never seen , nor surely will i ever , his coat and trousers stiff with dried mud and sweat . 
 his hair stuck out in all directions , so dusty that i could not tell its true color . 
 two blue eyes gazed directly into mine , but they seemed dim and glazed . 
 several days ' growth framed his pasty grin . 
 `` you were wise to let him go , '' he said . 
 `` you did the right thing . '' 
 `` i never thought of taking his purse , '' i protested . 
 `` of course not , '' he clapped his hand upon my shoulder . 
 `` you did well . 
 you should feel proud . '' 
 `` have you been following me about ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` me ? 
 no ! 
 i have seen you though . 
 you look like you need a friend . '' 
 `` my best friend is gone , and i fear i 'll never see him again . 
 i have no heart to invest again . '' 
 `` well , i will be your friend . 
 you have nothing left to lose -- you see i have nothing , '' he held out his arms and smiled , so illustrating his sincere poverty . 
 `` together we must make our way upon the island , comrades in arms , counseling each other , each guarding the other 's back . 
 what say ? '' 
 `` i wish no trouble . 
 i can not stop you . '' 
 he had stuck so close to me already , i thought i might as well know him . 
 `` what do you with that copper ? '' 
 he enthusiastically indicated my hand . 
 `` i 'm hungry . '' 
 `` food is easy , '' he confided , sidling close to me . 
 `` better to give that over to drink . 
 what good is food when it clogs the throat , when you ca n't wash it down ? 
 bottle first , then i shall show you the end of your hunger . '' 
 too easily i gave in , and quickly we had a small flask . 
 for his brain power he claimed his share as he led us out of the community . 
 the way was familiar to me , and so we arrived at the feohtan orchards . 
 climbing upon the stone wall to reach the low branches , by stealth we filled the fronts of our shirts like baskets . 
 these were the fruits astigan had once granted me , and now i took them shamelessly . 
 like weasels from a henhouse we climbed into the near forest lands to eat . 
 struck with horror at the insult to my old friend , but also excited by the bare insolence of the crime , and then again horrified by my duplicitous delight , i cradled my treasures . 
 fully i baptized myself in the sweetness of taste , to forget the bitterness of all else the fruit stood for . 
 i tried to imagine astigan 's lanky frame casually tossing a grape high into the air , but all i saw across from me was that old man , smirking and smacking with his livery lips . 
 apples and pears , fruits of every nature , their juice smeared our faces . 
 our outward stickiness was matched by the hard fullness of our stomachs as we each gnawed the remains of a core , reclining under grand foliage . 
 `` fine , fine , '' the old man said . 
 `` a fine appetizer , but much more awaits us this blessed night . '' 
 `` what more ? '' 
 i belched out . 
 `` i 'm stuffed . '' 
 `` do n't let your stomach fool you , boy . 
 you may feel full , but it 's a cold full . 
 you ca n't ever be satisfied until your belly is warm . '' 
 `` i do feel cold , '' i observed , squirming upon the ground . 
 `` then we must warm you . 
 i take it as my duty to see to your pleasure , sire . '' 
 he arose and bowed with mocking deepness . 
 `` and i know just where to serve your satisfaction . '' 
 again we entered upon the highway , the same way that we had come , and soon arrived at the familiar path . 
 after thieving the work of their hands , i came to the feohtan 's hovel to beg their indulgence . 
 which is worse , forthright theft or the knavery of swindling charity ? 
 yet there i stood and was hardly going to walk away . 
 the food offered indeed steamed hot , and the comforts warm , that fed my flesh but stabbed pure death to my spirit . 
 at the feohtan door i hung my head low , never sure if cwen identified the face she had so often seen across her own table , so low did i hold it . 
 but my new friend held his high , wide , simpering grin punctuating his grand enjoyment of it all . 
 often we visited the hovel after that night , and not once went i away from that house empty , neither with blows of harsh words struck at my heart . 
 yet harder did my depression bear down upon me , and i boasted no use for anyone , not my new companion , not even myself . 
 from job to job i went , from store front to sheepfold to tavern , sometimes for a day , sometimes for an hour , sometimes only to have a table upon which to sleep , and my life had no reason nor purpose . 
 nobody grieves innocence more than the guilty . 
 keeping astigan 's memory alive , calling to mind his servant 's heart and honoring his legacy of gentle obedience , had grown ever more difficult for beorn and cwen in all the passing years . 
 for his sake the medallion of the fawn was struck , to continually lay upon cwen 's breast . 
 `` mother speaks the truth , '' begietan said sharply to his father . 
 `` these orchards belong to feohtan , and the harvest should remain ours . '' 
 little did even he know . 
 beorn 's head snapped up as his blurry attention jerked back into the conversation . 
 his mind had fallen awash into a dream of billowing images and meaningless words . 
 shoulders hunched over his hoe , eyelids weary with distress and exhaustion after his sleepless night , his heart tried to find the middle between pleasing cwen and pleasing ecealdor . 
 the day 's work itself could not keep his mind alert . 
 `` let us not speak more of this matter , begietan . 
 these words break my bones . 
 i can not think any longer . '' 
 `` father , go sit in the gate , '' hatan said . 
 `` you need to take some rest . 
 begietan and i can finish up the work , and we 'll come meet you there later . '' 
 `` no , i will stay . 
 i 'll be all right . '' 
 beorn leaned on his hoe and rested his forehead upon the back of his hand . 
 `` no , you go . 
 you 're no good to us in this condition , '' said begietan , and he winked at hatan . 
 `` after a nap you 'll feel good as new . 
 just do n't let the town elders see you asleep at the gate ! '' 
 `` so you 're both against me , are you ? '' 
 beorn said with mock indignation , then acquiesced with a nod . 
 he stood straight to the point of bending backward , and rubbed his eyes clear with the clean back of his glove . 
 `` all right , then , but you two do a good job this time . 
 no -- too tired for jesting . 
 i 'm sorry -- this old head -- i 'll make it up tomorrow . 
 just do n't forget to put up the tools , '' he said over his shoulder as he ambled off toward the community . 
 the sons worked side by side in silence for a time . 
 the sun 's light dappled gently in the leaves of the trees , spinning away in the lazy breeze . 
 eventually begietan paused to plant his fists on his hips . 
 `` i say we 're finished . '' 
 `` well enough , then , '' hatan replied . 
 `` hatan , you know what mother wants , do n't you ? '' 
 `` yes , but never have i known her to think this way . 
 something has happened . 
 you know me , hating to ever deny her heart 's desire , but neither have i ever seen father so troubled . '' 
 `` well , i say we long ago should have protected our crops . 
 you people have been giving away what 's ours for years . '' 
 `` yes , and we have never lacked for it . '' 
 `` look , i say we do n't wait for father to come around . 
 let 's just do as we wish , and as mother wishes . '' 
 his laughter sneered but was hearty with arrogance . 
 `` how can you say that ? 
 father deserves better than ridicule . '' 
 `` he 's a farting old man . 
 mother can beg him all she wants , but in truth we do n't need him to agree . 
 even your puny frame makes you a match for him . 
 trust me . 
 i can make him behave by myself if it comes to that . '' 
 `` begietan ! 
 your words , they shame our family ! 
 how can you dishonor father ? 
 he 's still head under our roof . '' 
 `` he 's an old man , '' begietan repeated , his eyes hot . 
 `` i 've had enough of living under his authority . 
 i will have my way ! 
 i do n't care if he ca n't sort out his feeble mind . '' 
 he threw a handful of tools into the wooden shed , crashing against the back wall , with much disdain . 
 `` begietan , what you say ! 
 what you say ! '' 
 hatan 's voice shook as he struggled to find some meaning in his own words . 
 `` oh , snap out of it ! 
 if he gets in my way , i can fix him quick enough . 
 i know what i want . 
 and the same goes for you -- you can join me , or join astigan , if you like . '' 
 begietan shouldered his quiver and snatched up his bow . 
 his expression bore down , grimly stern , but he did n't show it openly to hatan . 
 `` astigan ?! 
 brother , what do you know of astigan ? '' 
 `` his precious fawns , he would not allow me one . 
 he would n't shed a fawn 's blood for me , so i took his instead . 
 you pup , ` astigan ! ' 
 you cry , but you did n't know him ! 
 i did ! 
 you 're no different from him , the same simpering nursemaid . 
 well , my time has come , and i intend to claim it . 
 i say the orchards are mine , and i 'll hold back its produce to myself if i like . '' 
 `` i thought you searched . 
 you gave days to looking for him -- so i was told . 
 mother has always said so . '' 
 `` ah , i searched . 
 i searched well . 
 when i searched his grave , i found only what i wanted to find . '' 
 and only then did begietan 's eyes find his brother . 
 hatan stumbled , and a knot caught in his throat as he struggled to react . 
 could he even say the words ? 
 everything before him but begietan 's red gaze faded to blackness as he croaked his reply . 
 `` you killed him , then ? 
 and you have kept this cruel secret ? 
 have n't you seen how mother has suffered all these years ? '' 
 `` do i owe my parents an explanation ? 
 did i ask for birth ? 
 let them wonder ! '' 
 `` why do you tell me this ? 
 why now must i become part of your crime ? 
 i ca n't bear the burden . 
 this will destroy mother ! '' 
 hatan staggered and sat heavily upon the orchards ' low wall , one trembling hand gripping his head . 
 `` by your own word , then , would you destroy mother ? 
 no -- she is n't going to find out , is she ? 
 or will she lose another son ? 
 better to give mother what she wants , no ? 
 consider it , hatan . 
 she has suffered enough all these years , as you say . 
 i want her to be happy , do n't you , and let her have her way ? 
 i think my way is best . '' 
 hatan had no reply . 
 he suddenly saw begietan as the giant man he had worshipped as a small boy . 
 again flashed days of sunny frolic , when hatan had run after him in the fields , his short , pudgy legs never able to keep up . 
 clambering upon the safety of begietan 's strong shoulders , sturdy as a god 's . 
 the transparent tricks he had loved to play on his older brother . 
 memories multiplied beyond counting . 
 but now , and even then , begietan stood before him no more than a murderer . 
 `` i -- i do n't know . 
 i feel sick . 
 you disgust me . '' 
 begietan stood over his brother , looming like a vulture with plans , and shoved hatan 's head roughly with the heel of his hand . 
 `` to each his own , nursemaid . 
 you 'll decide something , i 'm sure . 
 let me know -- i 'll be nearby . 
 remember , twice before i have been an only son . 
 good day to you , hatan , '' begietan laughed and threw an obscene salute as he strode off toward the mountain . 
 no , i never did have much use for begietan . 
 the gray november sky built upon itself on the horizon . 
 hatan sat on the walls of the orchards and hung his head . 
 many had been the day he sought solitude there , in the joyful contemplation of the gentle life that flourished . 
 today he considered death , and betrayal , and deceit . 
 more than all else , however , he considered hatred : begietan 's , and what it begot , and his own now raging within him , and where it might sweep him . 
 youth played lightly indeed with hatan , setting him at the mercy of the passions common to men and escalated in boys . 
 a multitude of angry reasons to destroy begietan swirled about in his head . 
 easily could he stalk him from the back , to cave in his skull with a stone . 
 then cwen would have two dead sons , and two sons murderers -- whatever evil his heart gave rise to , he could not exact it upon cwen . 
 but he knew begietan held no such reservations ; hatan feared him enough to do exactly what he said : against both his sons and his wife , beorn would give in and keep in hoard the orchards ' produce . 
 his honor at home and in the community might survive intact . 
 even in his innocence hatan knew if he opposed begietan -- even while protecting the horrid secret of astigan 's killing -- he and beorn both might soon lie in a hidden gully . 
 only one way lay before him to save beorn , and especially cwen , from their hearts being crushed yet again . 
 he determined to persuade his father to follow cwen 's desires , that he might not be overthrown in his own home , that he might one day reclaim his authority . 
 the great billows gathered overhead , blotting out the sun and bringing dusk early to the land . 
 his chest heaving , hatan abandoned his sanctuary and headed for the community gate . 
 `` good evening , hatan . '' 
 beorn 's mind revived , rested not so much from ceasing labor , but rather from the healing fellowship he shared with the townsfolk , each man and woman passing through the gate . 
 `` it is a dark day , father . '' 
 beorn looked overhead . 
 `` yes , the sky grows dark early these days . 
 winter comes upon us quickly . 
 where is begietan ? '' 
 `` it is a dark day , indeed , father . '' 
 chapter iv boulder to boulder , begietan 's feet chose their path skillfully beneath the mountains . 
 the place glowed with familiar satisfaction for him , pulsing still with his first kill years ago . 
 bow in hand , he reflected upon his brother hatan 's face , pasted over with dumb-founded shock , and chuckled in thoughts known only to himself , and that only a little . 
 `` the best attack begins in surprise , '' he congratulated himself . 
 he sat like a barbary despot upon his dirt patch , like a proud babuin , lounging with his back to one of the great rocks . 
 `` i 've got hatan . 
 it does n't really matter what father thinks now ; he ca n't withstand the three of us . 
 finally , i control the orchards -- as i was born to , after these years working that wretched dirt . 
 to think dear old mother opened the door to my ambition . 
 this could n't be working out better , and soon i 'll have as much as i want to take . '' 
 begietan whistled between his teeth and surveyed the landscape , one leg propped up on a small stone . 
 the faraway blue sky slowly faded ashen . 
 to the left in the distance he could see the island 's thick forests , the ocean heofon peeking through gaps in the tree line . 
 to his right the sheer face of the mountain range erupted , domineering , into the open heavens , stark shadows cast within deep crevasses . 
 in the corner of his eye a slight movement on the escarpment crept into notice . 
 a lean figure zigzagged slowly along the dangerous descent . 
 begietan 's quiet amusement rose into suspicion as he watched the man make struggling progress toward him . 
 `` begietan feohtan , i believe ? '' 
 it said finally , once close enough for talk , perched upon a shard some twelve feet above . 
 `` you 've come a long way to tell me what i have long known , stranger , '' begietan replied with a frown , wondering how the man knew him . 
 `` yes , indeed obvious , to me , '' came the retort . 
 `` i 've seen you here before . '' 
 begietan 's frown dropped , and he uneasily shifted his position . 
 the stranger 's claim stung his bold heart with misgiving . 
 he had always considered this spot his , separated to him from the rest of feallengod by virtue of hubris . 
 `` your family tends the orchards for the community , does it not ? '' 
 begietan settled fully on his suspicions now : this gaunt vagrant wanted a handout . 
 `` oh , we have the orchards , all right , but not long for the community . 
 today we take it for ourselves , so do n't come around begging anymore . '' 
 `` you all agree ? '' 
 he bounced , agitated , upon the balls of his bare feet . 
 `` we 'll agree , certainly we 'll agree . '' 
 `` cunning finds comfort in its own conniving deliberations . '' 
 begietan , unsure what the man meant , tried to brace his confidence , spinning a fallen leaf deftly between finger and thumb . 
 `` i made sure we 'll agree , even my father and brother . '' 
 `` and where did you leave your brother ? '' 
 `` in the orchards . '' 
 `` not the brother i speak of . '' 
 at once terror shook begietan to his core , and he dropped his leaf . 
 did this man know about astigan ? 
 in his heart begietan hoped the question merely attempted a trap , not realizing that would be all the same . 
 just a moment , and he replied , `` forget about my brother -- i do n't know what you talk about ! 
 what concern is it of yours ? 
 what kind of trickery do you attempt ? '' 
 `` do you think you hide from me , man of feallengod ? 
 i am domen of the mountain . '' 
 `` domen ? '' 
 begietan tilted his head to the side and considered the man carefully . 
 `` no ! '' 
 years carefully scanning the upper reaches of the mountain had never borne him the reward of seeing domen . 
 along with most all of us upon feallengod , begietan thought of domen as only a bogeyman invented by parents for recalcitrant toddlers , but then again a fear had always remained that perhaps he was n't . 
 `` are you really ? 
 what do you want with me ? '' 
 `` i want you . '' 
 `` what do you have to do with me ? '' 
 `` more than you suppose , son of feohtan . 
 the orchards make a wonderful possession , now that you cover them within your cloak ? '' 
 `` yes , the orchards and the terraced fields . 
 all belong only to us . 
 the garden spot of the entire island . '' 
 begietan repeated a family joke , so old and tired it no longer aroused any reaction ; this moment proved no exception . 
 domen leapt to begietan 's level with one sudden bound . 
 `` would you believe you can lay claim not just to the orchards , but the entire island ? '' 
 he took on a more amiable tone as his words ratcheted on , and made so bold as to sit on the rock that had been begietan 's footrest . 
 `` you mean -- me ? '' 
 `` i mean -- me . 
 as prince of this island , i intend to take possession of it . 
 i already claim it , and i must enforce my rule . 
 i need men , men like you , not afraid to think , not hesitant to obey . 
 i need an army again , one to follow my orders . 
 the island bows to its prince -- so has he said . 
 i will take it , i will ! '' 
 at this point domen spoke more to himself than to begietan . 
 `` you should take it . 
 anything would be better than clambering upon that mountain in hiding . '' 
 `` hiding ? '' 
 domen hissed like a snake with a sore throat . 
 `` you think i hide upon the mountain ? 
 only by my good graces have i not already rid this rancid land of you vermin . 
 i know all upon my high places ! 
 i own all , all the mountains , and the forests , and your little garden plot , son of feohtan ! 
 i own all , and i will claim it as my kingdom ! '' 
 `` what about the king , ecealdor ? 
 the old fables say he will return . '' 
 `` piss and spittle ! 
 damn old foolishness ! 
 has he come back ? 
 no , and he wo n't . 
 the excrement of old wives ' heads means nothing . 
 what lays before your eyes , begietan feohtan , only that matters . 
 i stand here , taking power . 
 i claim ecealdor 's authority . 
 so what say you ? 
 will you take hold of feallengod with me , or will you sleep satisfied with that tiny weed patch your family holds so dear ? '' 
 `` it 's the finest land on the island , '' begietan 's parochial vanity rose in protest . 
 `` why settle for one teat when the rest of the cow comes attached ? 
 why barter the orchards ' produce , too timid to take the peoples ' goods for nothing ? 
 do n't you see , you blind man , food upon tables makes only a means to an end . 
 food can feed the body , or stoke the might of the will . 
 sell it , withhold it ; either way the transaction is power , the right to do as you wish . 
 lay up dominion for yourself , and you 'll never lack for anything . '' 
 begietan knew well the exhilaration of imposing his will , born of cruelty , fulfilled in excess . 
 he felt it the first time he hid away in this very spot , partaking of his defiant kill ; he visited it again avenging his desires upon astigan . 
 it smiled over his shoulder just hours ago , looming over hatan . 
 he hesitated . 
 `` why should i serve you ? 
 i could make myself lord of the island . '' 
 `` perhaps . 
 perhaps you think you can . 
 but do the men of feallengod still wonder what lies in the meadowlands ? 
 whose blood calls out from the ground ? 
 so you see , son of feohtan , you should never have spoken to me . '' 
 begietan again flinched at the accusation . 
 his warm recollection of terrorizing his brothers now stopped his heart with fear . 
 the clever schemes of man and nature often have their own ideas . 
 i once observed a spider toiling about in her web . 
 deftly she spun her silk about her victims , sucking dry the life of some and leaving others to dangle and contemplate their end . 
 then a greater spider appeared , larger and blacker , who enveloped the first in loving threads to smother out her being . 
 she too dangled upon the fates before her life was required . 
 how often , i wondered , do pits dug only ensnare their designer ? 
 i wonder no longer . 
 the card begietan had played to intimidate hatan had now turned against him . 
 so even begietan could see domen had the upper hand -- he had to throw in with the only appetite on the island bigger than his own . 
 `` very well then . 
 if you will deliver a share of your kingdom to me , then i am your servant . 
 what would you have me do ? '' 
 `` you already have done so , fool . 
 keep the yield of the orchards to yourself , and you will serve rightly . 
 think of yourself only , and you will serve me well . '' 
 `` many will resist you . 
 many still claim loyalty to ecealdor , '' begietan said . 
 `` i see why you need men prepared to fight -- that will feel good . 
 how will you build your army ? 
 will you seek out others and persuade them as well ? '' 
 domen sneered . 
 `` the followers of ecealdor cling to him only by their fingertips . 
 once the wheels grind and turn , i must needs seek no one -- they will come to me . '' 
 in his mind the people of feallengod groveled upon their knees before domen , begging his favor , and his thoughts turned to a time past when many desired his attentions . 
 he had been the most beautiful to behold , the most noble of the whole host . 
 the court in its entirety acknowledged his exalted position , longed for his company , hungered after a gracious word from him . 
 dearly they held such a word , and dearly it came . 
 his tortured brain could not bear thoughts of that time , and yet neither could it prevent them . 
 night upon night anger wracked his hours ; bitterness and venom poured out from his soul as his memory thumbed through events of the last days in the courts of gægnian . 
 his head throbbed under the recollection until even the light of the slowly glowing stars seared his eyes . 
 the pinpoints of light blurred , then sharpened , and blurred again . 
 shining reflections danced , faeries upon pools and fountains of living water . 
 jewels shone upon fields of precious metal bright as stars , black as onyx . 
 light floated through the firmament upon the golden dust of gægnian , the courts of ecealdor . 
 tall spires of white marble tickled the clouds , and ferocious sculptures of exotic beasts adorned every building . 
 windows shone platinum . 
 on a clear day , the sky put on crystalline blue ; when the rain fell , she draped herself in silver sheets , the drops hanging luminescent and playfully jumping upon the glistening paving stones . 
 without fail , without affectation , visitors from across the greater kingdom adopted a stately demeanor of pride and grace as they walked the streets of gægnian . 
 in the center of the city , in the circle of the square , stood the most striking building of the courts , the castle of ecealdor . 
 towering columns without number lined the outer walls , supporting huge cedar beams and rafters , intricately carved and inlaid . 
 a large , semicircular foyer received guests under a 30-foot ceiling , breaking off into hallways like spokes from a wheel . 
 a maze of twisting hallways joined the palace 's many rooms . 
 the stoic , glinting armor of great warriors past stood silent guard along every wall , their silver and gold set against glistening cut stone and windows of richly stained glass . 
 only the inner chamber remained always closed to visitors , ecealdor limiting entry to this most sequestered room to himself alone , and indeed his time passed there more often , more quickly , than any other place . 
 far from withdrawing from his subjects , when ecealdor sat within the inner chamber , all of gægnian rejoiced to know of his hallowed solitude . 
 like rolling a boulder uphill , dægræd-el and gelic-el pushed open the castle 's massive doors , a gaping maw into the foyer . 
 a whispering voice blew through the halls , like wind in leaves , `` this day a son comes into travail . '' 
 `` the inner chamber has again swallowed ecealdor , '' gelic-el said , and he grasped his companion by the arm and shook him teasingly . 
 `` we 'd best inquire of him from one of the servants . '' 
 gelic-el , tall and broad in the shoulders , rested his other hand upon the hilt of his sword . 
 white robes flowed from the bottom of his golden breastplate -- a crest of six wings finely hammered and etched upon its front -- and rested lightly upon his sandaled feet . 
 he gazed with a serious brow tempered by a disarming smile . 
 one of ecealdor 's most steadfast and valiant knights , still his grandeur could not match that of dægræd-el . 
 `` no matter . 
 what i must tell him , requires i see his face , '' replied dægræd-el , turning unexpectedly sullen , and he went for one of the hallways brash as a sailor on bawdstrot . 
 `` my friend , you must not joke . 
 you know we must not violate the inner chamber . 
 the king seeks solitude for his counsels . 
 you must not seek him out . 
 you can not even know where the inner chamber lies . '' 
 `` you , perhaps . 
 i have made it my business to know , '' said dægræd-el . 
 `` now silence yourself and follow . '' 
 the jocular gelic-el dropped all , now suddenly deadly serious . 
 `` dægræd-el , we must not . 
 ecealdor has so forbidden . '' 
 `` gelic-el , i bring you here for a reason , '' said dægræd-el , still walking . 
 `` if you want audience with ecealdor , who better to acquire entrance for you than me ? 
 he has endowed me with all greatness . '' 
 `` we must not , dægræd-el , i will not . '' 
 dægræd-el stopped walking and with naught but his gaze pierced his companion . 
 `` gelic-el , who do you all say is most glorious ? 
 is it not i ? 
 by your own words you confess it . 
 now the time arrives . 
 you call me most wise , most beautiful , and so also i. i am just as he is . 
 i will take his place in gægnian . 
 are you with me ? '' 
 his words raped and shamed the echoes within the passageway . 
 gelic-el took hold of him by the forearms . 
 `` dægræd-el , i beg you , turn from this . 
 you desire rebellion against the king . 
 i will go no further . '' 
 `` do n't get caught in the heart of rebellion , then , my friend , for the halls soon will flow thick with the current of it . 
 fully one-third of gægnian conspires with me , those most loyal subjects of ecealdor whom you so love , and they await outside the palace . 
 as you entered with me , they received their signal , friend . 
 in minutes they will storm the castle , and we will strike down the old man . 
 this hour gægnian sees its day of freedom ! 
 will you choose to stand with me , or will you lie down with death ? '' 
 gelic-el remained still , only his voice , only his gripping hand moving , as dægræd-el tore away and continued down the hall . 
 `` never , dægræd-el ! '' 
 the voice rang . 
 `` never ! 
 ecealdor will never fall ! '' 
 deeper and deeper , invading the interior of the castle , dægræd-el thrust into the confused labyrinth of turns and corners . 
 stopping to consider his bearings , he stepped into an unexpected , dimly lit niche and found a well-hidden door . 
 well he had plotted his coup , but beyond this door he knew not what lay . 
 he squared his shoulders and tested the latch as gelic-el 's voice still called him back from hallways distant in place and mind . 
 cautiously he pushed open the door . 
 inside the room only pitch black beckoned . 
 dægræd-el carefully stepped , slowly , keeping his right hand upon his sword and reaching forward blindly with his left , a beggar pleading for even the slightest hint of what lay hidden in the dark . 
 he heard only the soles of his sandals scraping along the stone floor as he gingerly made his way . 
 the time passed , certainly , but dægræd-el knew no comprehension of it ; regardless of how the sands did move , his vision could not adjust to the deep blackness . 
 finally his fingertips touched a rough surface : dægræd-el had reached another door . 
 he felt about the wood and eventually found a large metal ring . 
 he pulled his sword , lifted the ring , and leaned at the door . 
 with a great motion of surprising ease , almost at the door 's own pleasure did it open , and a devastating flood of light stabbed at dægræd-el 's eyes . 
 sunlight filled the inner chamber from a large overhead portal open to the sky , then poured through the open doorway like a rushing torrent . 
 light blared off the walls , gilt like mirrors . 
 directly beneath the blinding , holy stream sat ecealdor on a low golden bench , upholstered in plush , scarlet velvet . 
 clothed in crystalline white , surrounded by long banquet tables and large scrolls of holy writ , he did not move . 
 dægræd-el grimaced as he turned the back of his head into the light , shielding his eyes with both hands and arms . 
 his sword clattered from his grip , and the shock and agony drove his knees to the smooth stone floor . 
 never had he endured such light ; its hellish burning haunted him even still . 
 his teeth and eyelids clinched at the blazing onslaught . 
 `` i have expected you , dægræd-el , '' said ecealdor . 
 dægræd-el detected a sweetly bitter fragrance hanging ghostlike in the air . 
 `` i have seen this day within you since your ascendancy . 
 your arrogance surpasses all things but your vanity . '' 
 `` stand down , ecealdor ! '' 
 said dægræd-el , still bowed and unable to see . 
 `` my time has come to take the throne . 
 i will be just as you . '' 
 `` you , whose wisdom drapes him like the moss of ancient trees ; have you shaved your beard ? 
 what then brings forth this insanity , dægræd-el ? 
 the ways of a man seem right to him , but in the end lies destruction . '' 
 `` silence your prattling , old man ! 
 stand down , i say ! '' 
 `` i grieve for you , dægræd-el . '' 
 `` you misplace your pity , old fool ! '' 
 dægræd-el opened his eyes slightly now , but only to blink , for to see clearly would be to lay down his appetites . 
 he determined to complete his mission , believing one in that room would leave dead . 
 `` stand up from that blasted stool , ecealdor ! 
 you mock me with your platitudes from on high . 
 come down and meet me in battle , if you insist ! 
 let your sword stir my blood , if you desire to pity me ! '' 
 his fingers explored the floor gingerly for his blade , but its silvery steel melted into the gleaming marble . 
 `` you are defeated , dægræd-el . 
 so have i said . '' 
 outside the room a disturbance arose , as thousands upon thousands of running footsteps echoed in the corridor : perhaps dægræd-el might still claim the day . 
 he turned to rally his insurgents , but in the outer doorway he glimpsed only gelic-el , standing with his back to the inner chamber , dutiful not to peer in even as battle loomed . 
 his right hand grasped his sword , his left a morning star , both which he swung like a mad windmill , growling and grunting at their weight . 
 before him the mob surged ; behind him lay the mystery of the inner chamber - -- no one could pass . 
 dægræd-el made out a few faces of his jostling troops , all of them panicked and afraid , squinting into the brilliant light . 
 `` take him ! 
 strike him down ! '' 
 dægræd-el ordered , but though some of his soldiers tried to move , the narrow hallway and the men behind so packed them all together that they could brandish neither weapon nor shield , as gelic-el wildly flailed his slaughter . 
 `` the purposes of a righteous man avail much , '' said ecealdor . 
 `` see yourself , dægræd-el , and consider gelic-el . 
 will your army listen to the singing of steel , or to your nattering ? 
 whom would you fear , were you in the hallway ? 
 you have brought so many to their doom . '' 
 dægræd-el indeed could see now , his eyes finally taking narrow measure of the light . 
 through his squinting he saw ecealdor , blurred as if behind gauze . 
 his sight caught gelic-el , back still turned , blocking the entrance stalwartly , a single man against thousands . 
 with no regard for himself , gelic-el wielded his weapons with crunching , bloody abandon . 
 the conspirators in turn saw their leader , the man who would be king , doubled down upon the floor before ecealdor . 
 in the far distance dægræd-el heard the sound of running , voices raised in anger and desperation , then the metallic clashing of a great armored conflict . 
 `` you have turned thousands against me , dægræd-el , '' said ecealdor , his voice level . 
 `` but you have left me many thousands more , their might born of loyalty , while like a bed of squirming maggots envy eats away your strength . 
 even now your forces die or flee into darkness . 
 you have spoken well , dægræd-el : your time has come , but not for the purpose you have imagined . 
 `` your probation is over . 
 you have chosen rebellion , and into the darkest depths of your choice i cast you . '' 
 dægræd-el 's knees ached , firmly grounded before his king . 
 he saw his utter weakness , his humiliation and foolishness . 
 spittle flew from his teeth as he seethed . 
 drawing to his feet , he caught a reflection in the gilt walls : his face ? 
 his face ? 
 he froze : no longer beautiful but twisted with hatred it was ; he had never seen a being so grotesque . 
 he took a halting , crawling step toward the image , lost in his revulsion . 
 only the eyes , the eyes alone he recognized -- the same as his soldiers ' , filled with fear . 
 the eyes open into the soul , and dægræd-el 's revealed a writhing coil of hopeless , scathing malice . 
 the clashes within the halls already turned quiet . 
 gelic-el still withstood all those at the door -- those most bold souls who longed to join dægræd-el 's side in triumph now drank most deeply of his defeat . 
 forces loyal to ecealdor folded onto the rear flank in the far end of the hall . 
 no escape offered itself to those who survived ; only the most wise cowards had slinked away into the depths of black exile . 
 `` my justice kindles against you , and my anger boils within me , '' ecealdor said serenely . 
 `` the struggle ceases , to wait upon another time and place . 
 how you have fallen , dægræd-el ! 
 honored above all others you were , and you have cast away all . 
 those of your followers in custody , the dungeons will hold . 
 you , dægræd-el , i cast out of gægnian , to wander the greater kingdom . 
 you also forfeit your court name . 
 no longer will my kingdom know you as dægræd-el , dawn of morning , but rather you will carry a twisted name to match your twisted ambitions . 
 you will call yourself domen . '' 
 `` i can not suffer this , '' said dægræd-el , his seething face forlornly gazing into the mirrored wall , no longer so brave about dying , but still weighing what future might yet be his . 
 `` to leave the courts of gægnian for the vast wilderness , i will not survive . 
 i beg you , gracious king , allow me a place to lay my head . '' 
 `` you seek mercy ? 
 that i do not offer , but i will allow you time . 
 i grant you delay . 
 you desired dominion ; you will have it . 
 for a season , you will walk the dust of your own realm . 
 i banish you to my island feallengod . '' 
 `` am i cast down alone ? '' 
 `` no , i will establish a people there also , a generation wise but frail . 
 i will call them my people , to fulfill the purposes of my will . 
 you will vex them , but they will vex you greater . '' 
 domen saw before him the thick-headed presence of begietan . 
 he saw beneath his feet the jagged grit and gravel of feallengod . 
 `` curse him , '' he said . 
 chapter v winter fully grasped her wasted fingers about feallengod , cold tendrils creeping across the land and taking hold of hearts . 
 families withdrew into smoky , isolated parlors to endure long nights , speaking volumes about the workings within the community . 
 are the waxing and waning of days , the coming and going of dates and hours , indeed so entirely capricious ? 
 why does january lead the year , the beginning of newness held in its frigid grip ? 
 to what end do twenty-four hours divide the day ? 
 lives might better be separated simply into day and night , light and dark . 
 the candle implores us to learn , its flickering indecision turning then to determined burning , and then is not . 
 the island indeed endured long nights , three candles ' worth . 
 time makes for an arbitrary hostess . 
 not so gægnian , worlds away . 
 said to pass each season in all its splendor but with no harshness , the days are warm and cool , the nights soothing ointment to the soul . 
 even the darkness is light . 
 never have i seen gægnian , but so i am told ; powers and authorities rightfully deny lofty things to such men as i . 
 the buildings there rise into the heavens and spread out over the land like nothing upon feallengod , the legends say , and i believe . 
 the sky and waters , even the soil underfoot lies about in its mean state , richer and purer than anything we might suppose to compare . 
 surrounding the domain grounds sit great white formations , stone pure as snow and sparkling like ice , billowing upwards to take a seat with the clouds . 
 just as suddenly their outer rim dives steeply , cliffs crashing into the sea . 
 waving grasses and flowers fill the valley within , delicate petals playing upon the breeze like an underwater ballet , genuflecting to grand stands of trees , some tall and straight like rain , others squat with twisting branches reaching and turning in every direction as if stretching to reach itching backs . 
 limbs heavy with leaves extend over the ground , rest and shade to creatures great and small , feathered and furred . 
 long colonnades fill the high city , each building supported as well by a gallery of pillars apparently thrown in place by some brilliant , distracted god , like a cavern of cathedrals . 
 each column glistens with luminescent color from deep within its core , streaked with golden reds and blue grays , turning every edifice into a petrified forest of sculpture beautiful in its simplicity . 
 gold domes rise out of the skyline , dominating the innumerable flags and banners ripping in the winds . 
 broad boulevards , smooth and beautiful , cut slices of the vast acreage , radiating from the central structure , ecealdor 's palace , radiant with light , blazing with untold splendor , rising through the celestial blue to challenge the sun . 
 but i have never seen . 
 i think we islanders have a distant memory of the wonderful stuff , even so distant that we can never truly lay hold of it . 
 without the memory , how else would we know what we miss , that we long for something better than only the clear pearls of our own fountains ? 
 and does n't every other heartache pale in comparison ? 
 the legends , those stories i stake my life upon now , they say one day the courts of the king will open to the island 's faithful , and i want to believe , how my heart trembles to believe , for i have seen people who abide there . 
 tales not much better than a child 's excuses abound in my homeland , telling of the citizens of gægnian , of incredible powers and fantastic happenings , and that i have seen . 
 in the days of my disgrace did i first meet mægen-el , emissary from the distant king 's presence , and even then i believed . 
 how dark a heart , to see such things and still turn away . 
 reports of domen 's activity had crossed the ocean heofon , a miserable flea hopping from realm to realm and finally to mægen-el 's ear , sending him urgently through the streets of gægnian , his armor and weapons clattering with his body in motion . 
 the messenger to the king tenderly carried a tightly rolled scroll in his gloved left hand , and steadied the hilt of his sword with his right . 
 he leapt up the long , staired approach to ecealdor 's castle three at a time ; once at the top he had to brace himself against the heavy mahogany doors for a moment to regain his breath , still protecting the scroll in a gentle grasp of chain metal . 
 inside he paused yet again , prevented by secanbearn , handmaiden to the king . 
 `` i have urgent news for thy king , ecealdor , '' mægen-el said . 
 `` it waits not . '' 
 `` ecealdor resides in the inner chamber , '' said secanbearn . 
 she delicately gestured with her hands as she spoke , in the fashion typical of her people . 
 `` then wait it must . '' 
 `` he will soon know of your arrival , '' continued secanbearn . 
 `` come and refresh yourself , mægen-el . 
 you must have traveled a far distance . '' 
 she gestured upon her brow and before her sympathetic lips . 
 `` i carry the report from feallengod . '' 
 the mask he set upon his countenance declared he had much to tell . 
 `` but the message must be revealed to none but ecealdor . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 secanbearn had found great favor in the sight of the king , winning trust from every member of his courts for her gracious purity . 
 mægen-el knew her word would prove true : ecealdor must not be disturbed , but he would soon appear . 
 secanbearn 's thick , raven hair flirted about her knees , and her eyes danced bright and clever against olive skin ; her physical beauty had no rival but that of her spirit . 
 she protected her trust carefully , guiding the king 's audiences with no desire to increase her influence . 
 no great spring of love flowed to any woman of gægnian more than her , yet she remained the virgin servant of her lord . 
 mægen-el himself had called her into the service of the king . 
 in an earlier day -- upon ecealdor 's journeys to distant parts of the greater kingdom -- in one of his lands he most noted a young maiden who delighted at sitting before him , in rapt attention to his meditations . 
 when time came to depart , he directed mægen-el to fetch the maid , to continue the voyage with him . 
 this had been secanbearn . 
 `` maiden , thou hast found high esteem in the eyes of king ecealdor , '' mægen-el had told her then . 
 `` these many days he has seen thee at his feet , and he desires that thou join him in his courts . '' 
 `` how can this be , seeing i have never left my father and mother , and all my many families and peoples ? 
 how can i bear to depart from them ? '' 
 asked secanbearn , and she made the sign of a fist over her heart . 
 `` though within thy darkest day even thy father and mother might deny thee , ecealdor will shelter thee in his palaces always . 
 he will stand before thee as protector and benefactor , and thou wilt live out thy days in the love and service of thy king . '' 
 `` then i trust , your word be done as he wills , for i am but his servant . '' 
 and indeed his word remained so with secanbearn , and she loyally served ecealdor , and loved mægen-el for the day he opened the doors of the high courts to her . 
 `` mægen-el , '' she continued now , as they walked together into one of the king 's receiving rooms . 
 `` do the people suffer as badly as the rumors claim ? '' 
 `` i can not tell thee except in the presence of thy king , '' he replied , and he looked deeply into her eyes . 
 `` truth , then ? '' 
 she said , placing a finger and thumb to her ear . 
 `` i see i tell thee too much . '' 
 a door opened wide and dark , and ecealdor strode in , a handful of servants trailing dutifully distant . 
 a purple robe intricately embroidered with gold draped his shoulders and lightly skirted the floor . 
 `` my lord , '' said mægen-el , and he fell to one knee . 
 secanbearn moved as if to leave , but the king stayed her with a gesture . 
 `` remain , secanbearn . 
 arise , and greetings , mægen-el , my gratitude for your faithful service yet again . 
 servants , you may bring us bread and wine , and then leave us to ourselves . '' 
 as he spoke , a familiar fragrance filled the air , pungent and sweet like incense and ambrosia embracing . 
 whether his words , or the breath of his lungs , or just his presence , no one could tell ; but neither did one ever forget the lingering savor , dream-like sensation of good tiding , the floating presence of splendid regency attending an audience with ecealdor . 
 the granite walls of the room glistened in the light of a multitude of candles . 
 statuary surrounded by flowing greenery stood at attention in the corners . 
 gay tapestries hung from the tiled ceiling , along with heraldic banners ; playfully hiding in-between , delicate bas-reliefs carved into the walls depicted important events from the history of the greater kingdom . 
 layer upon layer , the warm colors of rugs crafted in distant lands covered the floor . 
 ecealdor sat upon a heavy , richly stained chair , ornately hewn , inlaid with gold and ivory , upholstered in purple . 
 secanbearn took her place at his side , seated on a low bench , more pillow than furniture . 
 mægen-el stood before the two , scroll still in hand . 
 `` very well , mægen-el , let 's have your report . '' 
 mægen-el handed the scroll to ecealdor , who did not open it . 
 `` my lord , with great regret i must bring this matter to thy attention ... '' `` my dear courier , i appreciate your regard for protocol , but you may speak plainly . '' 
 mægen-el took a breath and began again , but as mightily as he struggled , the official high language of the courts would not set free his tongue . 
 `` yea , lord , it is this : feallengod rouses into rebellion ; they have turned away from thy law . 
 each man thinks of himself first , and turns his face from the need of the other . 
 they do not give of their wares out of love as they once did , seeking more for them than a reasonable price . 
 some refuse to sell for any price , others neither to purchase out of mistrust . 
 some go hungry , others shiver with cold because they find neither clothing nor coal , others suffer sickness for the lack of curing . 
 yet even these out of pride will not give of their goods to acquire what they need . 
 they cling to their lack with unrelenting , irrational lust , thinking themselves rich . 
 also they starve for grace for as the people have turned against themselves , so they have turned against thee . '' 
 `` do they then forget the one who established them in prosperity ? '' 
 `` they have not forgotten altogether ; many speak of thee , but refuse to believe . 
 others know not nor can tell if they believe . 
 they have corrupted thy law and fallen upon their own wisdom and desires . 
 much talk pollutes their ears that thou hast abandoned the island and its people . '' 
 `` the issues and events of the greater kingdom are without number , but still i will not ignore what transpires upon feallengod , where they all fall together . 
 my work there rises to its importance ; and the situation cries out , more anguished than i feared . '' 
 `` lord , i fain even touch upon the depths of the suffering . 
 in each man 's devotion to his spot of land , he has hated his country . 
 in his love for his own life , he has despised life itself . 
 in his desire for liberty , he has put on shackles that bind his hands and his mind . 
 in his desire for intimacy , he makes a mockery of love as he lies with any warm creature . 
 a great cataclysm has befallen the people , making of them a desperate , sick nation , and they do not even know . 
 they starve , starve for thee , and do not even know . '' 
 `` what do you say of this matter , secanbearn ? '' 
 ecealdor gently digressed . 
 secanbearn heaved slightly as she wept ; `` my heart breaks , '' she could only say . 
 one hand lifted and drew down her cheek . 
 `` again your wisdom strikes like the archer 's arrow , maiden , for this matter dwells not upon hunger nor necessity nor survival . 
 no , indeed -- these people do err in their hearts , and they do not remember my ways . '' 
 ecealdor 's face hardened , and he stood from his seat . 
 `` i have heard enough , mægen-el . 
 time carries about an inconvenient insistence -- at last it has arrived . 
 we know whose work has ravaged the garden , do we not ? '' 
 `` yea , lord . '' 
 `` i must call him back to gægnian . '' 
 `` yea , lord . '' 
 `` the unpleasant task falls upon you , mægen-el , to order him back to my courts , though i dare say dægræd-el will not disdain an opportunity to return . 
 do you need gelic-el with you ? '' 
 `` nay , lord . '' 
 ecealdor smiled slightly . 
 `` i know you do n't . 
 off with you then , mægen-el , and a henge go round about you . '' 
 `` thank thee , lord . '' 
 mægen-el bowed deeply to the king -- a gesture sweeping and grand in its humility -- kissed the moist hand of secanbearn , and walked backwards and bent from their presence . 
 `` peace be unto you , child . 
 your heart bleeds easily , '' and ecealdor knelt to comfort secanbearn . 
 `` a sword has pierced my soul , i do believe , from the hurt , '' she said quietly . 
 `` i see the suffering to come , the blood of many spilled as the chosen land of ecealdor destroys itself . 
 many whom we love will die . 
 i do n't understand , my lord , i can not understand . 
 when obedience is so blessed , from whence comes rebellion ? '' 
 `` who can know the heart of man , child ? 
 but all these things must be , for so have i planted feallengod . 
 we will see the conclusion as it settles . '' 
 `` how can your patience run so still , lord ? 
 certainly a treacherous people have risen against you , led by the father of treason . 
 feallengod occupies but a tiny speck in the greater kingdom -- why do you not send your armies and crush your enemies ? '' 
 `` secanbearn , you surprise me . '' 
 `` i beg mercy , lord . '' 
 `` yes , i could bring down all the might of my force upon them ; then how many would perish ? 
 would rather i should die myself . 
 for a mighty man , no great glory abides in crushing the weak . 
 many upon feallengod bristle against me , i know , and also i know many remain faithful . 
 some will sell their loyalties to the upper hand , then perhaps again . 
 not just for their sakes will i remain patient , though , but for the sake of my own honor . 
 i will know those who stand loyal and those who do not , and recompense will come upon both . 
 in that day i will glorify the king and all the host of gægnian , for by my patience i open to all the gate , an invitation to choose . 
 whether in forgiveness or justice , each man and woman of feallengod will be witness to my long-suffering , and that i do judge them rightly . 
 then will they know me as i am , for better or worse . 
 `` i did not establish this people upon feallengod in vain . 
 i do not make them my enemy . 
 every conflict bears a price ; the wise king weighs that price beforehand and waits as it shows its result . 
 where offense is greatest , child , there fire refines hearts and mercy proves finest . 
 come , let us retreat into the cool pastures . 
 perhaps we will find comfort there . '' 
 ecealdor enwrapped her shoulders with his mantle till only her face beamed from its folds , and led her out in silence . 
 the clouds floated about as the wind wished , uncaring in the blue sky . 
 trees stood stoically , unmoved , but flowers waved ever so slightly as the gentle breezes carried dandelion seeds to their destinations . 
 sea birds balanced high in the air , in search of calm waters . 
 under the same heavenly canopy , mægen-el proceeded quickly to the naval docks . 
 fast ships of the royal fleet stood ready , as ecealdor often had need to inquire of the far reaches of the greater kingdom . 
 all gægnian well knew mægen-el , so quickly did he secure a vessel for feallengod . 
 they would set sail that evening . 
 once aboard , mægen-el sought out the ship 's hold and the supplies within . 
 as an emissary for the king , he could command from the ship 's mate anything he needed . 
 to face domen alone , he must prepare carefully : a stout rope , daggers to conceal within his leggings , a coat of mail he could fasten about with his belt . 
 mægen-el had not seen domen since his days in the court ; surely now he was capable of worse crimes than already laid upon his head . 
 he anticipated hatred no less bitter now than then . 
 satisfactorily outfitted , mægen-el returned topside until anchors aweigh . 
 he paced the decks of the elegant longboat and watched foodstuffs and other necessities lowered into the hold with block and tackle , levers and strength . 
 majestic masts pointed skyward like the proud trees they had once been , giving their lives in service to the kingdom . 
 a multitude of stout ropes dangled and swayed like thread from the dizzying heights . 
 the crew scampered up and down the lines , eager to hoist the sails at the order . 
 a fierce figurehead towered over the waters from the ship 's bow , complete with gægnian 's battle crest . 
 at last the ship 's captain gave the command to get underway , and the ship moved sleekly out of port . 
 the sun hung low in the west ; the winds played roughly with the vessel as the crew set full sail to the east . 
 the three main masts arrogantly caught the skies , their sets of three sails apiece drinking deeply of the wind 's power . 
 a full complement of flags snapped briskly from each . 
 the graceful craft glided swiftly across the surface of the ocean heofon , disdainfully putting miles behind her every hour . 
 mægen-el , on deck that night until the black fell so thick he could not see his own blinking , braced himself against the whipping winds . 
 the ocean 's spray stung his face , turned like a flint toward feallengod . 
 as the days of the voyage passed , mægen-el 's thoughts insistently , disconsolately turned to the people of the island . 
 he had not seen the land since the day he announced king ecealdor 's withdrawal , standing on deck of a ship not unlike this present one , watching the island sink into the horizon . 
 that day , so filled with greatness of sorrow , yet also had given rise to an odd feeling of anticipation among the people , like children ready to leave their parents . 
 as the years came and went , he often marveled at the trust the king had put in these people . 
 nights mægen-el lay in his hammock , gently swinging as mighty waves toyed mischievously with the longboat . 
 over and over he played out in his mind his looming encounter with domen . 
 would the rebel show himself at all ? 
 would he have to force domen back , or would he return freely ? 
 and what might lay ahead for mægen-el ? 
 doubts crept into his mind whether he would return to gægnian alive . 
 and what of the people -- how many would remain from those many years ago ? 
 would he have to fight them , as well as domen ? 
 perhaps they would rally to the king 's side , and reject domen 's insurgency . 
 but to gain followers to himself would betray his mission , and he must do nothing to lead the people to exalt him . 
 still , he would arrive as emissary of the king -- would they honor his position ? 
 he could not tell , a detail neither here nor there -- more to the point , could he discern their purposes once ashore on feallengod ? 
 mægen-el searched his heart . 
 did his fears show forth cowardice , or wise discretion ? 
 what difference was there ? 
 as ecealdor 's representative , he must stand firm -- did his faith in the king 's sovereignty fail him ? 
 his doubts twisted about until his head pounded . 
 weeks and miles slipped beneath the ship , and gægnian 's memory gleamed more and more remote . 
 feallengod drew closer , though still as invisible as the future . 
 mægen-el paced the decks , turning his thoughts over until they groaned with tedium ; and then a cry from on high broke his preoccupation . 
 `` land ! '' 
 mægen-el peered into the high reaches of the mainmast , eyes weaving through the maze of lines and sails , to see the lookout point off the port bow . 
 striding to the rail , he could make out a tall mountain range , surrounded by greenery , arising from the bluish haze upon the horizon . 
 from that moment he did not leave the ship 's bow , and soon the vessel drew close to the far coast of feallengod , sailing under the lee of the island , dotted with bays and inlets . 
 a few crew members took mægen-el to shore in a skiff , as he strapped on armor and weaponry . 
 he drew a deep breath , laid his hand upon his sword , and , as indifferent waves lapped at the exposed land , stepped upon the precarious ground of the weary island . 
 *** ecealdor addressed a shadow tinged red within the dark corners . 
 `` choose out your warriors -- at last we pitch the battle upon feallengod . '' 
 chapter vi domen sat perched upon his precipice , gritting his teeth as thoughts fermented . 
 perhaps no other ever took in his view , i know not , but often i imagined it : seeing all at one time the island 's beaches to the west , the moors to the east , the vast expanses of northern timber and the waving grasses of the meadows , and four rivers as well winding through the breadth of the panorama . 
 to behold the buildings to one hand and the quarries of their birth on the other -- how could hatred grow from such a sight ? 
 and yet domen 's foul eye drank in only objects of his wrath . 
 now his plan proceeded just as he had hoped : divisions continued to grow among the people of the community below ; conflicts emerging from petty greed roiled more deeply personal , pitting spouses against in-laws , parents against children , straining the ties that had once bound together the diverse families of townspeople . 
 the lack of charity among the people had driven me out of the streets . 
 hunger compelled me to enter my period of new esteem -- cursed faith that depends upon self -- and blend into the working folk . 
 and well did my willing friend encourage me ; whatever i did , he readily offered the praise or excuse i reckoned was owed me . 
 i had lived hand-to-mouth , that is , from the hand of strangers , but quite firmly their averted eyes and turned backs forced me into servitude . 
 not only did the harsh world impel me to earn a living of sorts , but also the shelter of the stone buildings beckoned me out of the cold . 
 thus did respectability try its hand at me . 
 and though i never crossed the line of law -- much -- though the world about me would not have bothered to frown upon my habits , i slid ever further into a pit of hopelessness . 
 my search for belonging found me only more homeless at heart . 
 i came to see the law of the stone as less a threat and more a mere mockery , barely recognizable to me in my hedonism . 
 when one takes upon the finger a wedding ring to the world , she will return as much misery as she can . 
 and so it was with me . 
 indeed , my finger hung laden with rings , for in my attempt to fade into the culture , i took a wife . 
 certainly , i thought , thus can i refill the devotion lost with astigan , and as well tame my lusts for the flying skirts . 
 pretty enough , her hair soft and golden , her eyes bright with prospect . 
 however , the lovely lass of the hopeful engagement quickly came to demand those things a woman might expect from a spouse ; why do these things surprise husbands ? 
 yet the pressure applied upon me to seek out industry and income , then abandon it to devote myself to home , then to become spontaneously wealthy , drove me into dire anxiety . 
 so did my household become a prison to me , and i returned to the skirts , seeking love where none exists except for the coin . 
 and also did i in return make my home a bawd-house , filling it with the most paltry guests i could find , foisted upon my lovely bride without warning , many never leaving until the dawn . 
 not the least of these was my grizzled leech , gastgedal as i called him after the ancient-speak , grinning and leering at my poor girl . 
 `` heigh ! '' 
 i might say , loudly stamping at the doorframe . 
 `` company for supper ! '' 
 `` again ? '' 
 she would say , `` and us with not enough for even one ? '' 
 `` not to mind . 
 we 'll just have drink , if i know my lads , '' i would cut a clever joke , my arm around old gastgedal . 
 `` that 's all you truly want , '' he said . 
 `` let it have its way . 
 bread only dampens the effect . '' 
 `` we 'll just take our bottle here by the hearth , '' said i. `` no need to dirty your pretty table , '' and burst into childish fits of laughter . 
 `` you 've already had your bottle , i wager , '' she sniffed . 
 `` you 'll not leave me alone at table , after all day here in the house by myself . 
 you can at least give me a bit of your time before you 're laid unconscious . '' 
 `` but what about old gastgedal here ? '' 
 `` he can roll his fat rump into some other hovel , if he can find one with a master daft enough ! '' 
 `` oooo ! '' 
 said i. `` hardly are you one to speak of a heavy wagonload behind , good woman , '' gastgedal said , `` though i often fancied a dip into that tart arse . '' 
 poor wife dropped her dishes , stunned at me more so than the words . 
 `` how dare you ! 
 in my own house ! 
 before my own husband ! 
 and why do you just sit there ? '' 
 i sat there , and did not answer , having no answer . 
 `` oh , but miss , ' twas only a joke , '' gastgedal said soothingly . 
 `` i most surely do beg your pardon , '' he smiled like he had a stomachache . 
 `` never should you be allowed in this house ! '' 
 and she waved her spoon at me . 
 `` and the guilt you bear be a shame upon you ! 
 let all your ancestors see , a man unwilling to cover his wife ! 
 if you will not defend my honor , let my shame be upon your head ! '' 
 her cries followed her as she ran out the back door . 
 `` really , should she talk to you in such a way ? '' 
 gastgedal asked discreetly . 
 `` the day comes when you will need to slap some manners into that woman . 
 listen to me . '' 
 yet even then did ecealdor call out to me , gracious sovereign , to return my heart to him , to the satin jewelry case from which i stole , but deaf did i remain . 
 so did the cares of life multiply upon me , until my attentions became totally divorced from my king , and then i was totally divorced . 
 but fortunes allowed some redemption even for this time , as i made weak attempt at job after job . 
 for in these months i met liesan , of whom i soon have much to tell , and a man named cirice , jacksnape of the quarries , laborer of the distal winds who shared my own toiling , as much like me on the outside as different within . 
 i knew him well , or better said i well knew of him , even before my final return to the quarries . 
 his reputation went before him -- that kind of man -- and once a meeting was made , one still left wondering how much fiction had filled the air . 
 a comrade to all , still he maintained a shroud of silence concealing his deepest desires and fears . 
 men do not pant at the lap like dogs , and not easily to be known ; sometimes , though , they behave no better than a mongrel pack , and cirice would offset his reticence with the rambunctious good humor of male fellowship . 
 one grand day at the quarries i slipped off a ledge as we hauled a load of slag up the side of the mountain . 
 cirice instinctively snatched a hand for me and caught my belt as i went over the edge . 
 i faced a drop of only eight feet or so , and he could have lowered me gently to my hands and knees , but instead he gleefully shook and yanked me as my breeches slowly slipped off . 
 i hung upside down , standing upon my hands , my feet twisted into my leggings , as all my good friends had a hearty laugh . 
 once my legs slid free , cirice waved those pants over his head like a captured flag , as i sat in my smallclothes cursing him in every way i could think of , preparing to run in case he took me at my word and jumped down to my ledge . 
 instead he offered to piss a part in my hair . 
 yet as well , i remember another evening , when work had passed into idleness and a group of quarrymen gathered unto drinking , cirice among us . 
 an unwary girl allowed her attention snared , and we drew her to our table . 
 mug upon mug passed her way , until surely she knew not who nor where she was . 
 cirice only gazed into his own cup , contemplating its contents and that of much else . 
 soon she slumped in her chair ; then we promised each other to pass her around like a flagon as well , to quench our appetites . 
 but cirice had gone , without a word of judgment , without a word of farewell . 
 thus did solid andsæc cirice stand , underneath his bluster and occasional baseness , a shrewd insight past pretensions of both the perverse and the cultured . 
 not that he would decline a glass of wine with his pheasant , but he knew a simple stein of mead washing down a leg of mutton to be equally worthy . 
 a scrap of dried meat over a tiny fire sputtering in a persistent drizzle , shared with young comrades in the belly of battle -- that had been the finest dining he ever enjoyed . 
 he made as steadfast and stalwart a friend as one could want at the worst moment of one 's life . 
 so he left the debauched table , and i did not ; gratefully now i remember little of what followed . 
 old gastgedal attempted many a time to remind me , and i tried to remember and tried to forget . 
 he remained encouraged at least in my solace within the bottle . 
 indeed , my love for drink soaked into my bones , shortly thereafter making me unable to work a steady job , so i took what i could find , sweeping floors and moving garbage . 
 and what better employer for me than the boar 's brew tavern ? 
 i would take mead for pay , for all i cared ; it would just save time . 
 a wreck being made of my homeland , not to mention of me as well , domen knew ecealdor would inevitably respond , but he knew not how . 
 a small voice only a few yards from the mountain 's foot caught his attention , and he squinted to make out the figure in the dusky light and scrabbly rocks : begietan . 
 as skillfully as he could traverse the island 's width and breadth , not even brash begietan would try to scale the height of domen 's treacherous mountain . 
 domen bridled at the inconvenience , certain to exact penance , climbing down to meet him . 
 `` have you stirred the pot ? 
 how cooks the stew ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` spicy hot , '' replied begietan . 
 `` the coopers now will not supply new casks to the cidermills , and old casks burst in the streets , the new cider running like four rivers . 
 bricklayers demand home builders supply their own quicklime . 
 husbandmen do not allow their masters ' flocks to mate ; this season you will see no new lambs . '' 
 `` and what of your father ? '' 
 `` the old fool -- my father will bend his ways , or i will , '' begietan said scowling . 
 `` still he talks of giving to the hungry , but we stop him , whether by force or ridicule , mother and me . 
 hatan can only listen stupidly , afraid to speak , so sooner than later father will cease resisting as well . '' 
 `` good enough , for now . 
 turn the screws . '' 
 `` and a stranger asks for you in the community . '' 
 begietan braced himself in so saying , afraid of what might erupt from domen . 
 `` what bastard dares -- ? '' 
 some man had slipped onto the island under domen 's notice ; never did he curse himself more . 
 `` he calls himself mægen-el -- claims to know you . 
 his speech sounds like that of a foreign land . '' 
 `` mægen-el ! '' 
 the storm in domen 's face cleared suddenly , and he took a moment to think . 
 `` just as i desired -- excellent ! 
 came he alone ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` even better . 
 ecealdor sends his warning ! 
 even now he falls into my will ! 
 i will see mægen-el , and he will have much to report upon his scrolls ! '' 
 domen clambered to the bottom of the mountain , crazed beetle scuttling into the community 's rolling , winding streets . 
 begietan followed like a pup on a rope . 
 stone buildings built tall and close together lined every path , steeply pitched roofs pointing like spikes into the sky . 
 stone benches and iron tables nestled beneath colorful awnings , and solitary trees sprouted here and there out of the pavement . 
 elevated granite sluices , grandly carved with ornate arches and spitting gargoyles , spanned the town in every direction . 
 the two men brushed by many townsfolk , walking about with their staffs some three or four feet taller than they , and cast scorn upon their hesitant greetings . 
 mægen-el sat waiting inside the boar 's brew , alone at table . 
 all feallengod , long bereft of any such intimidating visitor -- for surely memories more sharp than mine so test themselves -- left those who saw him hardly knowing whether to offer welcome or run home and hide . 
 in wise concession , most gave him wide berth . 
 already , among those witnesses within the community walls , rumors flew about the shining man . 
 `` did he come from gægnian ? 
 is he the king ? '' 
 young children whispered to their mothers before being hurried away , strictly ordered to hush and keep their distance . 
 thus did i first lay eyes on mægen-el . 
 what a magnificent sight , enough to wetten under-trestling -- the very look of his face put the place quiet . 
 he took no notice of me nor my broom , his eyes set upon the determination to fulfill his mission or die trying . 
 royalty bears about an air of superiority and privilege ; mægen-el 's character far surpassed simple lords and queens . 
 his demeanor suggested that only by leaving his eminence unspoken could it be known : words could only degrade it . 
 what wicked humor of fate placed me in that same room , a filthy vagrant in and out , sharing the same air as the king 's knight ? 
 i stood in the corner , unconsciously so , hiding in the shadows alone except for gastgedal . 
 mægen-el quietly tarried , one foot propped upon the chair beside him , studying the simple metal goblet of his hand and considering what might come . 
 a roaring fire popped merrily on the hearth , sparks skittling across the wooden floor , and sweet pipe smoke floated dreamily through the room and to the ceiling . 
 with bravado domen and begietan put their feet into the community together , but domen still paled at intruding upon the king 's messenger . 
 he took much care to peer into each building 's window , each doorway , before entering as he sought mægen-el . 
 before long they found him , slowly unwinding from his chair as they approached his table . 
 the other poor patrons , already keeping a foul odor 's distance , scattered at the appearance of domen ; my back rooted out deeper hiding . 
 `` mægen-el , the king 's squire , '' domen began with delicious rancor . 
 `` returned to admire the polish of your stone ? 
 you have n't changed . 
 i trust you would say the same of me . '' 
 `` good evening , sir , '' mægen-el said to begietan , and i heard young feohtan 's heavy step backward . 
 turning his attention solely to domen , mægen-el continued , `` domen , i come on the business of thy king , ecealdor . '' 
 `` no doubt . 
 so good of the king to communicate after these many years . 
 i trust the time has done no harm to our affinity . '' 
 `` the king cares not about thy timepieces , nor do the reports out of the island feallengod please him . '' 
 `` the king might have considered that when he placed this accursed land under my heel . '' 
 `` king ecealdor has sent me as his messenger unto thee . '' 
 `` well , blurt out , then , what does the king have to say ? '' 
 domen growled . 
 `` what the king says to thee , ye will hear . 
 the king would see thee in gægnian . '' 
 `` in gægnian ? '' 
 domen scarcely trusted his ears , so dried by the sun into crinkled leather . 
 from the far corner , i watched him squirm with delight , forever the sneer frozen upon his face , all attempts to veil his putrid blisses failing badly . 
 suddenly he took an attitude of disbelief . 
 `` he banished me from gægnian . '' 
 `` ecealdor remains sovereign , and he would see thee in gægnian . 
 my transport awaits ; we will cast off immediately . '' 
 not waiting for sign of accord , mægen-el briskly turned for the door . 
 for years domen had schemed of his return to gægnian , though never to a satisfactory end . 
 an opportunity to leave this piece of dirt , home of his exile , even for only a moment , he would by no means let slip through his claws . 
 `` immediately ? 
 ecealdor should not plot so eagerly -- then let 's be off . '' 
 i suppose domen followed out the inn , but my eyes saw only mægen-el . 
 the door frame made way for his shoulders , and the ground reached to aid his step . 
 i maintained my corner until the air , wafting smoke and redolence , stilled behind him . 
 begietan stood alone in the middle of the room , hips hitched like an oxcart with one wheel , not knowing what to do . 
 i do not know how he finally left , as i bravely peered out from the edge of the front window frame at the royal visitor . 
 for long moments i watched the two striding purposefully toward the back of the island , as long as they still appeared over the horizon . 
 mægen-el 's presence in the inn left a ghostly imprint upon me , and though what followed was my ruination , i forever remember those few minutes . 
 even the chuckling ribaldry of gastgedal found no home in my ears until mægen-el was far out of sight . 
 `` fop ! '' 
 he mocked . 
 `` so the king sends his lackey ! '' 
 `` i 've never seen such a man , '' i wondered aloud . 
 `` neither me , and perhaps not as yet . 
 i suppose there 's paps under that armor . '' 
 `` no , '' i said , not really listening , not yet . 
 `` there 's bound to be a way to profit from this , '' gastgedal 's eyes shifted as he stroked his whiskers . 
 and indeed , no scoundrel such as i could leave the moment in sanctity . 
 a glance about the room quickly revealed a way to cheapen it , and i took mægen-el 's goblet from the table and slipped it under my waistcoat . 
 a worthless thing of metal in the end , the stealing of it meant nothing . 
 later i decided the act signified only this : i thought i 'd never get as close again to ecealdor . 
 but not domen . 
 go , go he would , stand near would he in the rarified company of blessedness itself , he hated it so . 
 mægen-el 's spirits improved greatly upon this return trip to gægnian , but for domen the voyage grew more grim by each eternal second , upon a ship manned by citizens of gægnian , people who lived in the eye of ecealdor . 
 their conversation never turned from the king and the majesty of his courts . 
 crew members joined as one in their work , throwing their weight into hoisting sails or scrubbing decks or climbing lines , their voices blended in joyful song , anticipating the return home . 
 `` oh , to serve ecealdor , `` to see the shores of gægnian once more , `` let this one desire of my heart be granted `` ' ere i walk through death 's open door . '' 
 `` for only the great king is worthy , `` and only is he to be praised . 
 `` and only are gægnian 's halls to be sought `` by those who hope to be raised , `` by those who hope to be raised . '' 
 this sort of carrying on soon grew into a grievous burden for domen . 
 no longer enthralled at his return to gægnian , this taste of simpering subjects loyal to ecealdor soured his stomach . 
 he quickly took the habit of coming on deck only in the night , best to avoid a noisome crew but also to soak in the gloom : the blackness of an overcast night at sea knows no equal ; the darkness hung so thick that he fairly felt it . 
 he suddenly realized an unwilling longing for feallengod , never had he known before . 
 neither the land nor people called him , though -- no noble thing might be considered in his heart . 
 only his growing control over the island drew his desire , a work yet unfinished . 
 still , his mind hewed at a plan to send the grip of infection still deeper into the greater kingdom , and the price to pay came at this insufferable rejoicing . 
 the crew itself planted the seed in his brain -- if only they knew the injustice that domen suffered , to be denied what ecealdor freely gave to them . 
 he would show ecealdor to be fickle and cruel , and turn all of feallengod against him . 
 what praise then for a king who gives his men over to ruinous suffering , just as domen suffered . 
 and right his scheming may have been , then and now , but one must know the man whom one deals with . 
 after the interminable voyage , domen 's legs weak with the sea and kicking at festivity , the longboat slid smoothly into port at gægnian . 
 as glad sailors embraced families , he slipped off board and skulked through the greeting mass . 
 immediately a chorus of voices magnifying ecealdor hit his ear , coming from everywhere and yet nowhere , filling the air with angelic harmony , tinged with melancholy . 
 `` must this nonsense vex me everywhere i tread ? '' 
 he said aloud and looked about in the sky , hoping to find the music 's source , to know what to curse . 
 `` come with us , '' he heard , and turning his head saw courtiers carrying the heraldry of the king . 
 `` i need no help finding the palace , '' he returned spitefully . 
 `` you misunderstand , '' the guard said . 
 `` we are not sent as escorts . 
 you are under arrest . '' 
 domen sneered . 
 `` if i must walk under that banner , then , let it be by force . '' 
 shuffling along the streets , he recalled the shining countenance of the structures and people , and a time when he tried to make this kingdom his . 
 he hated it now for the sake of long miles and long years . 
 inside the palace his guard made a quick halt , and he paced the semicircular foyer , one eye on each hallway in turn , impatient for someone to appear . 
 at times he nearly dared enter one of the passages , flinching and drawing back , and the guards stood stoic . 
 soon secanbearn emerged . 
 `` the king beckons you now , '' she said , indicating the passageway they would take . 
 she nodded to the courtiers , and they disappeared . 
 `` if he 's ready . 
 and what about you , my dear ? '' 
 secanbearn was unknown to domen , and he turned the energy of his impatience toward tempting her resolve as their steps echoed off the long walls . 
 `` sir ? '' 
 `` how does the king see you ? '' 
 `` what do you mean , sir ? '' 
 `` does he satisfy your desires , girl ? 
 does he slake your affections ? '' 
 `` the king is my desire , and he provides for my needs , '' and she drew her hand from her heart to her stomach . 
 `` so he provides a remedy for your rightful passions . 
 you are married , then ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` a pity , a pretty girl like you . 
 you 're young yet , for now , but the apple 's tasty flesh does not forever shelter its seed -- '' `` perhaps i will marry . 
 perhaps not . 
 either way , the king will provide for me . 
 so has he said . '' 
 and secanbearn bowed her eyes and quickly backed out of the room that proved their destination . 
 seeing his assault fail for the moment , but not really caring , domen looked to the floor of the parlor , his feet left alone , and focused his putrid mind . 
 the walls enveloped him with paintings by skilful artists from throughout the greater kingdom . 
 a single chair rested upon the tiled floor , a tall throne ablaze with peacock feathers , situated directly beneath a central chandelier of wrought iron and polished brass . 
 behind the throne another entrance offered , double doors that presently swung open wide as ecealdor , gelic-el and well-ordered hand servants entered . 
 the king silently took his seat , gelic-el positioned a few feet to the left and back of the throne . 
 his right hand rested upon his sheathed sword , and his left fist gripped firmly a familiar morning star . 
 he said nothing , but with his eyes stilled domen 's tongue . 
 `` domen , '' the king spoke at last , `` i regret having to call you before me under such condition . '' 
 `` you regret calling me here under any condition , '' retorted domen . 
 `` truly spoken , for a change . 
 but hold your insolence . '' 
 domen stood in silence ; his mind raced like a flooding current . 
 `` you attempt to turn the people of feallengod to rebellion . 
 they have lost interest now in the law i left them . 
 the people no longer serve each other , but instead seek only their own profit . 
 they no longer wait upon me . 
 you conspire against me , yet my destruction you desire not , but rather theirs . 
 you will fail . '' 
 domen looked about him , beheld the grand appointments of the room , ecealdor 's unyielding expression , and particularly the spoiling gelic-el . 
 `` come back to feallengod -- i will fight you there . '' 
 `` i will stand upon feallengod soil again , but at my choosing . 
 neither will you know how i will return nor when . 
 my concern lies only with the people , and the deadly persuasion you have wrought in their hearts . '' 
 `` if you would permit me to speak at length , oh king , perhaps i could rightly direct your attention . '' 
 `` speak then . '' 
 `` i have traveled the borders of all feallengod , i have walked up and down in it , and to a man the people want no king . 
 not i , but their own hearts guide them : they think they want their gentle monarch to return , and they overflow with sentimental pish . 
 but in your absence they have learned life without you and do n't believe your return . 
 they have had their fill of your laws and will live in the way that seems right to them . '' 
 ecealdor interrupted . 
 `` the ceiling drips deceit , but proceed . '' 
 `` the men will choose their own way as long as no one makes them obey . 
 rebellion stews in this people at their own fancy , and only a harsh law and harsh judgment will make them align to your will . 
 make me their leader , with power to bend them , and i could force obedience . 
 have you not given the island to me ? 
 do you not remember ? 
 so you have said . '' 
 `` i remember well what i have decreed , and still too i choose feallengod for my own . 
 i grant you dominion over the island for a time , but never has it left the greater kingdom . 
 you remain free to exact what you are appointed . 
 do your best . '' 
 `` your chosen people do not want a king , nor any authority . 
 i only try to keep the peace . 
 they curse you even to my face now , though it pains me to hear . 
 let me discipline them , oh regent ! 
 grant me power to measure out punishment ! 
 they need guidance , like the counsel of a good father ; they want to follow , but require leadership . 
 they want me for their king . '' 
 the room took on a lightly reddish tint , and gelic-el sensed an acid odor . 
 ecealdor 's face hardened even more grim . 
 `` domen , your lies scatter about so , they confuse you more than me . 
 the people do n't want a king , but they want you as king . 
 they curse me , but long for me as kindly father . 
 i see your ways change not since your departure from gægnian . '' 
 `` you do not see from your exalted courts what the people do , nor do you hear . 
 every day i witness to their corruption , their stench right under my nose , and how greatly they pollute your law . 
 i will tell you of their works ! '' 
 `` i care less for their actions than desires , for some men persist to battle themselves . 
 surely i will deal with all who flout my patience , for they reveal their hearts . 
 but those who set themselves upon my promise , should penalty descend ? 
 who would endure the king 's wrath , in days of faithfulness ? 
 the day approaches when my law will flow from them , and no longer show itself as worn carvings upon a stone . '' 
 `` i tell you , all of feallengod curses you and rejects you , '' domen croaked angrily . 
 `` all of feallengod ? '' 
 `` all . '' 
 `` this you doubt not ? '' 
 asked ecealdor , his voice touched with bittersweet . 
 `` all . '' 
 `` you venture even to judge my servant liesan ? '' 
 oh , my king ! 
 your words do tear from my memory to my heart ! 
 the wound bleeds again ! 
 `` liesan ! '' 
 domen thought . 
 but does the fish bait the hook ? 
 he had hoped to goad ecealdor into singling out some simple , innocent man of feallengod , then to apply such pain and injury upon the unfortunate , to make a pitiable example before all the people . 
 he made vile design to drive some victim into renouncing the king , a martyr to his rebellion . 
 but ecealdor had named liesan , among his greatest friends , a cornerstone that broken might bring all the island down into rubble . 
 `` upon all feallengod , you will find none like him -- upright and shunning your evil , his devotion he gives gladly , '' ecealdor went on . 
 `` liesan ? 
 why not ? 
 and why should n't he lick at your boots ? 
 you anoint him with riches beyond feallengod dreams . 
 why would n't he bless the king ? '' 
 said domen . 
 `` do you say then , his fealty is rooted only in wealth ? '' 
 `` i say more . 
 i say rid him of his prosperity , and he will call down a treasure of revilings upon you . '' 
 `` what would you have me do , then ? '' 
 `` take away his riches , his lands , his holdings . 
 put him fully under my rule , and see his devotion wither . '' 
 `` very well . '' 
 gelic-el 's eyes flickered toward the king . 
 `` awriten-el ! '' 
 ecealdor dictated to one of the servants , whose pen loudly complained against the parchment scroll : `` king ecealdor hereby grants direct ownership of all lands and property of liesan of feallengod to domen , prince of feallengod , so to command as he pleases . 
 witness the date and insignia of the king , to so enforce this order immediately . '' 
 wax dripped onto the parchment , and received the royal seal . 
 `` i make you free to do what you are appointed to , no more , no less . 
 you will fail , '' said the king . 
 the servant held the cursed scrap before ecealdor for approval , then to domen . 
 domen snatched it away , clutching it like a twisting viper in his clinched fist . 
 `` mine ! 
 you barter your subjects easily ! 
 you give me victory , and easily ! 
 liesan will curse you and the very air you breathe ! 
 feallengod will see you now , how you betray those loyal to you ! 
 i will leave him destitute , then dead . '' 
 domen 's words spewed from his throat , the maw of a snarling dog . 
 `` i do not give you his life , '' said ecealdor firmly . 
 `` a man will offer all else for his life , '' protested domen . 
 `` with fullness of breath , he may yet keep his trust in you . '' 
 `` harm him , then , but not unto death . '' 
 `` why not death ? 
 is that not the end of every man ? '' 
 domen persisted . 
 `` can the grave curse me ? 
 if you kill him , will he speak against me ? '' 
 domen saw the reason , his foul hope alone saving liesan , but still conceded only reluctantly . 
 `` very well , he will live . 
 all the better -- he will desire death and it will not come . 
 he will curse you and the day of his birth , and find no comfort . '' 
 `` you take a disturbing glee in the suffering of men , '' said ecealdor . 
 `` begone from my sight ! '' 
 domen needed no further urging , and exited the room like a prowling wolf . 
 `` but , sire ? 
 we held him under arrest , '' said gelic-el . 
 `` yes , and so i sentence him . '' 
 domen scurried down the long hallway , laughing in his shrill cackle , lifting high the little scroll . 
 upon that fleeting moment , the clash of righteous scandal , i sold my life , and i did not know a moment of its passing . 
 chapter vii moreso than any other man of feallengod , fortune had smiled upon liesan . 
 in long times past he had been the faithful servant of ecealdor , in return earning title to vast lands . 
 his property lay far from the community in the foothills , and his family flourished . 
 skilled servants , numbering in scores , and well rewarded , toiled with ease and facility at the tasks of his grounds . 
 his properties returned so abundantly , he had no needs , not even the produce of beorn feohtan 's orchards . 
 a modest fleet of sailing vessels rested at his docks , and herds of cattle , sheep and feisty horses roamed his pastures . 
 blessed with this great affluence , still he never failed to acknowledge the king 's goodness , each month setting sail to gægnian a gift from his prosperity . 
 every year a grand celebration marked the day the king had released liesan from his indenture . 
 fatted calves , flowing wine and exotic fruits filled his tables at these feasts as all , master and servant , indulged equally of the bounty . 
 then , late at night , under glorious explosions of fireworks , a wonderful tribute -- a jewel-encrusted sculpture , a magnificent animal , or perhaps a rare historic artifact -- parted the sea 's waters for the king 's courts at gægnian . 
 wealth earns interest , and the interest of the common folk generally emerges in idle gossip . 
 whisperings of greed hidden away or clandestine generosity , extremes from either perspective , swirl about the reputations of such men , never finding their balance . 
 concerning liesan , i attest that no such rumors swelled . 
 from liesan flowed only sincere , true giving , with no agenda but charity , with no hope of return ; his arrival always inspired a smile , teeth or no . 
 for too short a time , before trying the quarries , i worked his docks , and many a time did i load those ships that sailed for gægnian . 
 i swear that the treasures were no mean counterfeits , and fully worthy of my coveting . 
 always did liesan oversee the work , encouraging much care especially with the annual gift , joyfully pointing out the delicate details of each . 
 `` i have nothing to offer of value to him , '' he told me once . 
 `` so i offer him everything . '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' i stammered in return . 
 `` you fear not that your gifts might rather offend in their smallness before the king ? '' 
 `` he could take all i possess , if he so desired , or he could double . 
 either way , he would see no gain nor loss . 
 out of his abundance he shows generosity , and so also i the same , though surely i can not claim to profit him . 
 what he has shown me , i must show to my kindred . '' 
 and he laid his hand upon my shoulder . 
 i know it true that a handsome bag of coin fell to the palm of each worker as the ships skimmed away upon the dappled water . 
 and i know as well that exuberant thumping upon our backs and words of praise always followed , yet more precious to the hard-knock folk of the docks , for corruption could not squander those words . 
 not that any man 's influence might have hindered me , any good man , at least . 
 my desires for things of feallengod , however noble in intent , rose before my knees an idol . 
 devotion deferred , and my thoughts strayed ever further from ecealdor , gladly making faint the memory of the pendent stone . 
 already my grand efforts as solid citizen and family man proved themselves vain pursuits . 
 the companion of my nights showed me her back , and i took the invitation to swim strange pools . 
 the power of the bed reigns . 
 do wives not realize temptation so often lives and dies by their touch ? 
 for all women surely share the essential part , and one 's the same as another in the dark . 
 but was no woman 's fault , neither hers nor theirs . 
 such emptiness poured from my heart at my own behest . 
 love once again failed me , or i failed it . 
 so also fealty to liesan suffered at my hands . 
 none of his beautiful wonders could i pass off as my own . 
 what good might a golden chalice do for the vagrant found with it ? 
 but the matter of denying another 's claim and possessing alone took hold of my thoughts . 
 should ecealdor consider closely liesan 's gift of that year , a magnificent gem-studded equestrian , if indeed he looks at such things at all , surely he would notice the empty setting for a single sapphire . 
 a few twists of a knife blade , and i made again for the quarries , to dig more honest stone . 
 yet even for having made of him a fool , liesan prevailed over my conceit -- the finest man ever i knew , a strikingly handsome man even in his age , the man i wished my father to be . 
 a subject loyal to the end , more an adopted son than a servant , the name of ecealdor never lagged far from liesan 's lips . 
 so did my petty crimes vex me more for simply giving them birth than any pain they returned upon him . 
 much i would learn about pain . 
 liesan 's habit each morning found him sitting at his gate , reading the ancient writings by the rays of the rising sun . 
 though he lived not within the community , all the townspeople regarded him well . 
 not just toward kings and servants , but also for the plain folk of feallengod , liesan 's generosity never failed . 
 often one or two islanders might journey to his home with some news , or to seek counsel , or just to partake of his hospitality , as he always welcomed visitors gladly . 
 i myself attempted the pilgrimage once , but by this time , and this time of day , so sodden with wine , i could never have found the way . 
 catching sight of two figures and their rough wooden cart , drawn by an ass , working up his path as dawn broke came as no surprise to him . 
 the travelers approached slowly up the way , the rickety wagon lurching from side to side upon every bump and rut , threatening to fall apart at each step . 
 domen and begietan approached . 
 `` what a grand morning -- and only the arrival of guests could better it ! 
 and so brave to make the trying journey , in spite of your difficult transportation , do you think ? 
 a most beautiful day today , is it not ? 
 the early sun braces the attentions just as the crisp air , i dare say , would n't you agree ? '' 
 his usual effusiveness gave no ground . 
 `` what brings you gentlemen into the embrace of my lands today ? '' 
 domen heard not a word , nor did he return more than a grimace . 
 `` do you recognize this seal , man ? '' 
 his voice and arm snapped before liesan 's face , the scroll roughly flung open in his hand . 
 `` you have the seal of the king , good fellow . 
 very prestigious . 
 years upon years have passed since i last lay eyes upon it . 
 what good fortune to see it again , do n't you think ? '' 
 replied liesan . 
 startled by domen 's rude manner , still he would not respond in kind . 
 `` my words exactly . 
 you will read here an edict from the king . '' 
 `` please , let us not do business under open skies . 
 you have been long on your journey , no doubt since the very early hours , no ? 
 a fire and sharing hot mead would better serve our comfort and conversation , would they not ? '' 
 begietan looked hopeful , but domen only barked a single word : `` read . '' 
 liesan sighed and looked to the parchment . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 he asked as he read . 
 `` i am domen of the mountain . 
 you will remove yourself from my property immediately . '' 
 `` domen ! 
 so the word i hear speaks truly , does it not ? 
 you have been stalking about feallengod , like a lion skulking . 
 how comes this paper to you , hmm ? '' 
 the caustic words of the scroll scraped at his eyes and astounded liesan . 
 `` you trespass . 
 get him off my property , '' he said to begietan , who promptly grabbed liesan by his cloak , manhandling him out of his seat and heavily to the ground . 
 the wind knocked from his chest , liesan lay stunned and silent upon the dirt , still grasping the curling scroll , trying to catch his breath and thoughts , looking to his attackers in confusion . 
 `` now , look here ! 
 stop ! 
 stop this ! 
 i know my rights ! '' 
 he protested in gasps . 
 `` your rights ! '' 
 domen spat in spirit and truth . 
 `` by rights you should be mine to chew your head off if i please . 
 my rights would have you dead . '' 
 liesan struggled to regain his feet , calling out as if moaning in a dream , but two kicks to the head ended the attempt to rouse his sleeping household . 
 his anger won no opportunity to rise , snuffed out quickly in the dust . 
 heaving coughs , cheek again to the ground , raised clouds off the path , and his lurching breaths only drew the dryness deeper into his throat and lungs . 
 domen snatched the paper away from liesan 's failing grip . 
 `` do you honor your king ? 
 then submit to him . '' 
 begietan secured the old man 's hands tightly behind his back . 
 `` i do n't believe ! '' 
 liesan wheezed . 
 `` you lie ! '' 
 `` you 'll learn better what 's worthy to believe . 
 until then , you 'd best believe this -- i am prince of feallengod . 
 he 's said so . '' 
 `` what of -- my family ? 
 my servants ? '' 
 he croaked , as begietan dragged him toward the cart , limp legs trailing winding designs in the dirt . 
 `` i 'll take care of them -- turn them out of here as well , '' said domen . 
 `` let 's go , '' he commanded begietan . 
 the thug grinned as he punched liesan once more . 
 they quickly fled those lands , beating speed from their poor , braying animal with an unmerciful stick . 
 arriving at a wooded area just outside the borders of what had been liesan 's property , a dump where refuse burned constantly , they again threw him violently to the ground . 
 liesan could n't focus his mind or eyes , and before he knew it begietan had him trussed in strong cords like a sheaf . 
 they propped him up , sitting against a tree , and domen cut a stout cane of oak . 
 `` so does ecealdor repay devotion -- obedience returns its fruit at last . 
 thus does your dear king reward your friendship . 
 he has sold you to his worst enemy . '' 
 the wood cut a broad swath in the air . 
 liesan coughed again , tried to swallow , and then again . 
 `` i received my lands from the hand of ecealdor . 
 why should i not so lose them as well ? 
 sovereign in all his lands , is he not ? 
 i will serve the king who reigns in gægnian . '' 
 domen struck him a stinging blow with the rod . 
 liesan fell to the ground with a grunt , held tight by his bonds , blood oozing from the blow to his neck . 
 `` the king has deserted you . 
 all the bribes and deals you 've made with him mean nothing ! 
 he is your enemy now . 
 he curses you -- return the curse upon him ! 
 curse the one who brought you to this ! '' 
 domen demanded . 
 `` i began this life with nothing , and gained all i had from the king . 
 i suppose now i shall leave with nothing , no ? '' 
 liesan groaned . 
 he struggled against the embrace of the bonds , but the course rope held too strong , too tight . 
 domen squatted low , pushing his face into liesan 's . 
 `` does your integrity run so costly ? 
 count you so-called honor more precious than life ? 
 do you not know you can save yourself , just in cursing ecealdor , just making yourself loyal to me ? '' 
 `` my grief pours out from me , '' liesan 's voice struggled against his torment , `` because he who once called me friend now rises up an enemy . 
 the lord i sought to serve now finds fault in me . 
 the very things i dreaded have fallen upon me , that ecealdor has hidden himself from me . 
 what fate could descend more grave ? 
 he levels his judgments in rightness , but , oh , to suffer these things at your hands ! '' 
 a tear tinged red fell upon the ashes . 
 `` you have much to suffer at my hands ! '' 
 domen flailed with the rod until the blows fell fruitless , lost in his rage . 
 he gathered himself to deliver several kicks to liesan 's ribs , making each new breath a knife to his chest . 
 `` i weary of this , '' domen said , and he thrust the cane into begietan 's gut . 
 as he drifted deeper into the wooded gloom , the sound of blows grew fainter into the background . 
 eventually liesan would break , domen thought , in time he would call down curses upon the great king . 
 once the people of the island saw ecealdor 's treachery , once liesan had turned against him , all of feallengod would quickly follow . 
 for days , for weeks a rain of bludgeoning fell like divine verdict . 
 the pounding of the rods opened up liesan 's body with welts and wounds , running with ooze and pus . 
 dried blood caked his face , mixed with dirt , washed with tears , his robes rent into rags . 
 his only grace a shallow dish of gruel , placed by his head , compelled him to lap his subsistence like a wounded dog . 
 just nourishment enough allowed him to stay alive ; beatings just restrained enough kept him from death . 
 liesan came to dread the rising sun . 
 he preferred the nightmares of his feverish sleep to those of his reality . 
 yet still , through the unholy abuse , he did not accuse the king . 
 he was the finest man ever i had known . 
 `` whatever did i to deserve this ? 
 the injury is one thing , the injustice something quite else , '' he murmured . 
 `` this only i know -- my actions of my blessing rang no different from the actions of my downfall . '' 
 `` you have hated the king ! 
 admit it ! 
 he would n't allow this upon you if you had n't offended him ! '' 
 begietan growled as he applied the rod . 
 `` i know not so , but still he would be right in his judgments , would he not ? 
 i protest -- never did i play the knave before him , my devotion to him never false . 
 i want to speak before the king . 
 i must know my offense . '' 
 `` you 've made him turn his back on you ! 
 what have you done ? 
 confess it ! 
 would n't he rescue you if his anger did not burn ? 
 would n't he save an innocent man from this torture ? 
 you 're guilty ! 
 guilty -- you might as well admit it ! '' 
 `` better to have never breached my mother , is n't it so ? '' 
 said liesan weakly . 
 `` though even then never my own choice . 
 all my years of favor in ecealdor 's eyes repay not even a moment of his wrath . 
 but redemption falls silent . '' 
 `` you suffer alone , you see ? 
 the king does not punish me . 
 he does n't even know . 
 you writhe under the heat of ordeal like a worm . 
 how dare you demand the king 's motive ? 
 domen is your master now , the only one to demand answer ! 
 you claim to serve the king , yet you expect him to answer to you like a circus fool . '' 
 `` he knows my heart , he knows my suffering . 
 he will answer my cries . 
 he will return and stand upon feallengod one day , '' liesan sounded like he was trying to persuade himself . 
 `` traitor , i tell you , he sees your treason ! '' 
 begietan sneered , and down came the rod again . 
 `` you people will learn to listen to me . 
 and now you cause my shoulder to ache . '' 
 `` false witnesses attack me , never the king , and they treat me cruelly . 
 i know i am accused ; so will i be absolved . '' 
 `` your family rots in the ground , all of them , '' begietan told him , shaking the fist that held the rod . 
 `` he has ripped out their throats with his teeth ! 
 your servants as well . 
 they die upon your account . '' 
 `` false witness ... lies ... is it ... is it ... '' and liesan 's voice trailed off . 
 his eyes swollen shut , his teeth loose and bloody , and his chest ached with each breath . 
 the cords that still bound him rubbed his wrists and ankles raw . 
 a purplish black spread over his shoulders from long weeks of hailish blows , in turn discolored by dried blood . 
 as time dragged on , the battered man could no longer offer any defense , and he took the brutality without flinching , exhaustion adding the facade of bravery to his ruin . 
 i hate my hand for writing such things . 
 i hate my feet , for choosing the path of stumbling . 
 i hate my head for the drunken stupor that prevented me knowing , from stopping the injustice . 
 but surely did i not know , until the time turned much too late for liesan , and for myself . 
 the revelry of my companion , the desire to merely experience and then forget , the thirst to forget and forget , all twisted my mind to the service of escape . 
 only through twirling clouds of stupefaction did i at last see . 
 and then even more so did i not understand . 
 liesan fell deeper into torpor , unaware of the beatings , no more so than he once had been of the blood coursing his veins , or the breathing of his sleep . 
 indeed , his existence seemed to him somewhere outside his body , and at times in his mind he again walked the floors of his home . 
 the physical pain mattered less and less to him , but his soul groaned under the accusations of his tormentors . 
 the heartbreak of his abandonment , the injustice of the sea swept down upon him , bore heavily upon his perseverance . 
 domen strode through the undergrowth , seeing liesan upon the ash heap , the dusk of the fortieth day . 
 begietan awoke , caught in a nap of dereliction , and rubbed his eyes witlessly . 
 `` you will turn today , '' domen said , and through slits of blurred vision liesan could make out a heavy , spiked cudgel in the brute 's hand . 
 `` today will you curse the king . '' 
 `` i have done nothing to deserve your abuse , '' liesan began . 
 `` you do suffer for what you have done , for you have followed after ecealdor , '' domen growled . 
 `` who can know the mind of ecealdor , '' liesan said in barely a whisper . 
 `` mystery shrouds his ways . 
 terrible are his judgments . 
 i transgress to seek explanation from him . '' 
 `` do n't entreat confessional from me , son of treason . 
 you 'll gain no absolution from me . 
 damn ecealdor and die ! '' 
 the club , cocked over domen 's shoulders , and then again , came down upon the back of liesan 's head , and jagged , rusty spikes carved a smiling gash . 
 the sickening crack of wood against liesan 's skull made even begietan wince as he looked on grimly , half-supine still where he had slept . 
 `` you do this not to me , but only the king , for you have no power outside his will . 
 the days make me only wish to die . 
 surely you so wish as well . 
 but the king does not grant it me , '' liesan said , his words gurgling through blood . 
 `` bless the king in his sovereignty . 
 bless him in his mercy . '' 
 domen snarled at the thought of his servitude . 
 `` you double your crimes in lying , for your thoughts curse him . '' 
 liesan fell silent . 
 `` your faking piety conceals not what fills your heart , nor will it protect what fills your skull . 
 curse him ! 
 curse ecealdor ! '' 
 domen raised the cudgel a second time . 
 liesan cringed . 
 `` at his mercy . 
 mercy -- '' at that moment a metallic song rang in the air , an exclamation point upon the sound too of footsteps breaking through the bracken . 
 a flashing blade sliced domen 's club cleanly in two -- the terrible spiked end tumbled impotent at begietan 's feet . 
 liesan turned his head stiffly to see : a dark figure loomed over him , accompanied by a dozen armed aides , arrived from the courts of gægnian . 
 mægen-el considered liesan 's wounds , and turned ferociously upon domen . 
 `` though i might wish to have arrived under mine own authority , to fulfill mine own desires in this matter , oh ye domen , instead i have come to thee again as messenger of thy king , ecealdor , '' he said , spewing outrage . 
 `` it is finished . 
 the king declares liesan vindicated . '' 
 then to his aides : `` bind his wounds , and give him water . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 protested domen . 
 `` you heard him -- he dared to question ecealdor ! 
 he will curse him ! 
 you can not have him back ! '' 
 `` never was he thine , domen , '' said mægen-el . 
 `` he shall remain mine as long as he fouls this island ! 
 surely all who tread feallengod fall under the curse of my eye ! '' 
 `` rightly ye may say , domen , but just as ye have been given right to the island by the king , so do ye suffer control at his hand . 
 ye shall have no more dominion over this man . 
 so has he said . '' 
 `` you can not ! '' 
 domen raged . 
 `` he is my witness against ecealdor ! 
 his broken corpse will lead all of feallengod against the king ! '' 
 liesan , half-conscious , faced down in the dirt , croaked , `` the king have mercy . '' 
 `` ye have dug a trap , and fallen in thyself , domen . 
 dost thou not hear the man speak ? 
 hear ye me not ? 
 ecealdor declares him vindicated . 
 now hold thy tongue , in the name of thy lord . '' 
 begietan , trying to go unnoticed in the background , now turned tail and slunk from the ash heap . 
 `` curse you ! 
 curse you for a fool ! '' 
 domen wailed . 
 liesan struggled to sit upright , but unable to gather any strength , instead lay upon the mercies of the aides . 
 `` you come from king ec -- ? '' 
 he could not finish . 
 `` yea . '' 
 liesan strained at his words , ribs heaving in attempt to sustain his pleas . 
 broken breaths crippled his speech . 
 `` never did i seek to harm ecealdor . 
 neither in feallengod nor anywhere . 
 the king spares my life , yet besets me with life . 
 for years he saw no fault in me , only now to repent of his blessing . 
 please , i beg your forgiveness , why this flow of wrath ? '' 
 `` feallengod lies alone and separated from ecealdor , '' said mægen-el . 
 `` thy land hast lost the glory that once dwelt upon its shores , and the island itself , the very ground , weeps for its tragic condition . 
 the suffering swells much greater than thou dost realize , liesan , and soon it will come to rise even more . '' 
 `` but so many dwell upon feallengod -- why does the king see only me ? 
 why fall my lands and friends from my embrace ? 
 my family , even my body broken ? 
 i never changed my ways toward the king . 
 why have i lost his favor ? '' 
 liesan struggled to lean upon his elbows , though mægen-el 's aides supported him . 
 tears long run dry again trickled down his ravaged face . 
 `` king ecealdor shows himself sovereign , and for his own purposes he allows some to prosper and some to struggle . 
 all serve who see the will of the king done . 
 all who rejoice in his judgments will see their reward . 
 ecealdor has not averted his eyes from thy suffering for his sake . 
 feallengod gives birth to suffering , and so he will choose it as well . 
 thou art weak now , weak from the yoke thou hast borne , but thou hast shown the king to be strong in the love ye , his faithful subject , have for him . 
 whenceforth have ye won this his battle . '' 
 `` i still my voice , then , '' said liesan , too weak for more talk anyway . 
 `` the king be praised . 
 may i find grace on the day i stand before him . '' 
 `` thou hast suffered much for the king . 
 the struggle will continue for ecealdor , but for thee , liesan , for thee the time passes , the affliction ends , '' mægen-el continued . 
 `` most favored liesan , in thy steadfastness thou hast won a dear victory for thy king , ecealdor . 
 in thy humility thou hast not transgressed against him . 
 what thou hast lost returns again to thee , doubled . 
 rise and receive thy great reward . '' 
 with that , he grandly gestured toward his aides . 
 liesan made no attempt to rise , so mægen-el knelt . 
 a scroll passed from hand to hand , and he read : `` all powerful king ecealdor , sovereign lord of all the greater kingdom , hereby rescinds his order and returns to liesan of feallengod all previous lands and properties . 
 further , he awards to liesan the towering high mountains of feallengod that rise out of the foothills of the community , specifically including the realm of domen , prince of feallengod . 
 witness the date and insignia of the king , to so enforce this order immediately . '' 
 domen 's fury , miserable in abject quiet , jaws and fists clinched , blew through his teeth at hearing the proclamation . 
 his anger boiled into utter despair -- liesan had slipped his grasp , and now even his mountain was cast away from him . 
 `` no , no , no ! 
 you must curse him ! 
 ecealdor mocks me in my own dominion ! 
 he has humiliated me ! '' 
 domen lunged toward liesan . 
 a corps of guards from gægnian , their swords suddenly flashing and leveled at domen 's gullet , prevented him from reaching the stricken man . 
 domen arched himself backward and discharged an anguished stream of profanity . 
 `` not ecealdor , but liesan . 
 thou hast chosen thy battle , domen , and thou hast lost . 
 thou hast been bested by a man of feallengod . 
 thou hast been bested by the spirit of the king . '' 
 one man 's triumph well often leaves another man inhaling the dust of destruction . 
 oh , my king , have mercy upon my neck ! 
 i know myself an arrogant and stupid man ! 
 it is said that liesan harbored never a single bitter thought toward the king , but i more than took his part . 
 thousands of hateful , angry blasphemies , all put to words . 
 in the middle of town , lying in the street , conquered by intoxicating love , i spied movement in the haze , a silvery serpent winding through blades of grass . 
 in muddled mind , still i could see a multitude of heads , shoulders bobbing against the baleful sky long past dusk . 
 yes , i saw the assembly of men from gægnian under the waning moon 's glow , led by mægen-el . 
 through the haze of my stupor i even recognized , i little know how , the battered body of liesan , limp upon a litter , carted about like a load of lumber . 
 yes , i remember now , the words of gastgedal made sure i knew . 
 lying with me there in the gutter , my boon companion , he lifted a sodden arm and noted , `` is that not your beloved patron , liesan , beaten and wounded , the favorite of the king ? '' 
 carefully did i rub the liquored ooze from my eyes , indeed to consider well the cursed sight . 
 perhaps a demon 's gift , to lie in that spot and see at that moment , cuddled with my accuser , and make out the marred face of a man -- i know not even yet . 
 the curse of that vision , as i drifted into nightmare upon the cold cobbles of the street , turned upon my heart to paint it with poison , to run venom through my putrid veins . 
 the island had turned cruel -- a senseless , hopeless cruelty for the mere sake of spilling blood -- and who better to accuse than its royal patron ? 
 in my mind , upon the passing of that minute , i saw what the favor of ecealdor brought about . 
 `` well does the king treat his friends , '' gastgedal droned into my ear . 
 `` better to see to oneself only , to follow one willpower only , and will to do so mightily . 
 but i shall never leave thee , my lovely . '' 
 i did not know , my king , i had no knowledge of your courts ! 
 i knew nothing of domen 's evil design ! 
 but what counsels could liesan throw his strength upon , and still he clung faithful , while i turned to the service of your enemy . 
 though , truly , how much turned i ? 
 or did i only come to realize my utter estrangement ? 
 domen 's boot print glanced off liesan but landed squarely upon my head ; liesan 's devotion shames me even now . 
 i saw so much , and yet so little did i understand , as my thoughts imagined mægen-el and his men themselves torturing liesan . 
 the outrage of atrocities against those i most loved , they became too much for me ! 
 then also , the tears i wept fell more for myself than any other . 
 so from that night , though long indifferent toward the king , i became his adversary outright . 
 from then on , i determined to take up only my own cause ; at that moment , i considered myself just as he is . 
 i took the cutting burr i lay upon , a metal goblet still hidden away in my waistcoat , and cast it into the gutter . 
 chapter viii the dawn of my ruin slipped unnoticed by any in gægnian or feallengod , so little did i realize . 
 but never turned ecealdor his eyes from liesan . 
 a fortnight or more earlier he had sent mægen-el orders to return to the island . 
 first , though , the royal messenger hastened to appear before the king . 
 mægen-el hurriedly adjusted his tunic even as he approached the king 's throne , bowing deeply to him , and secanbearn at his side . 
 `` liesan arrives at the brink of his victory . 
 i will not again permit domen to make example of a man of feallengod . 
 but the people , they will crawl to domen and invite his influence . 
 they will give their lives over to him , '' ecealdor told mægen-el . 
 `` what wouldst thou have me do ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` domen will not accept the loss of liesan , another goad added , but he will learn a dreadful lesson . 
 from henceforth he will focus on the proud and weak , the self-reliant and faithless . 
 i number these among the ones who have forgotten me , but i defer judgment upon them now . 
 we remain patient , mægen-el . 
 you will not return to feallengod alone : with you i send my watchman , my warning to the people . 
 perhaps some will listen ; most will not . 
 eventually their mediator will stand upon the land , and the people will see just as liesan -- so have we always known . 
 but for now i rest patiently . 
 perhaps the people will resist domen . 
 i will tell them what it means to follow their king . 
 i will speak through my emissary , and they will either hear or close their ears against me . '' 
 `` and who do ye call to be thy watchman , lord ? 
 is it i ? '' 
 `` gladly would i appoint you , mægen-el , but you are too strong . 
 instead , i choose weakness -- i send bregdan , '' said ecealdor . 
 `` the shepherd ? '' 
 `` who better than a shepherd to lead my people back into their fold ? '' 
 `` very well , my king . 
 i will fetch him out of the pastures , and then we set sail immediately , '' said mægen-el , and he turned to leave , his armor and weapons clattering . 
 `` with due haste , mægen-el , '' said ecealdor . 
 `` for liesan 's sake . '' 
 `` will they listen , my lord ? '' 
 asked secanbearn . 
 `` their riches lie , and they have come to believe they need nothing , neither from me , nor from each other . 
 within they waste away , poor and wretched . 
 will they recognize love in rebuke , or the greater battle ? 
 we shall see . 
 send for gelic-el , child . '' 
 at the outskirts of the city mægen-el mounted his horse , spurring the steed into the wilds surrounding gægnian at full gallop . 
 many considered the meadows a rough backwoods , though the waving grasses , cool trees and mirrored pools would appear like heaven itself to one who had not seen and could not compare the king 's courtyards and gardens . 
 i yet remember the elders of feallengod , long years ago , calling the island just a shadow of the glories of gægnian , though as a child , enamored of the bugs and flowers , i never truly imagined how they could speak truth in the matter . 
 to hear them talk , the pastures of the royal land stretched far beyond the horizon , where they kissed the deep blue sky , and the black soil yielded abundantly . 
 a smattering of great spreading trees arose from the blanketing wildflowers , giving shelter to man and beast and bird alike . 
 but never have i seen . 
 the king 's herds of domestic and wild animals prosper there , the yield of new lambs and calves increasing with each passing year . 
 among these gentle creatures did mægen-el find bregdan , and so impressed upon him the king 's desires . 
 `` who will listen ? 
 for novelty tolerates age little , and words come slowly to my mind . 
 surely my failures make me no longer of any use to the king ? '' 
 replied bregdan . 
 `` thou wilt speak only what the king has commanded thee , and concern ye not how the people hear thee . 
 thou hast only to fulfill thy duty . 
 thy king hast commanded it . 
 hurry , now , we must depart for feallengod . '' 
 bregdan had grown old indeed , more than a hundred years by his best count , even more so with the burden of vain youth and misdirected loyalty . 
 long hair and whiskers , looking like bleached wool , framed his face , tan and wrinkled . 
 under the thatch of white , though , his blue eyes flashed with fiery humor , and a bright smile always brewed . 
 his face fairly glowed at times , so much so that fellow shepherds turned away their eyes , or else broke into laughter . 
 for a truth halting , his throaty voice took the habit of lilting upward to end every phrase . 
 once bregdan was called a prince , not unlike domen , but the power of office made a harsh show of his weakness , and he laid aside those duties gladly to spend his days at a pastoral vocation . 
 still , as a situation called , ecealdor never hesitated to draw him out for an important mission , and he obliged . 
 `` so i embark upon my last undertaking for the king , '' he told mægen-el , standing at the very bow of the king 's longboat . 
 `` how so ? '' 
 `` as my years increase , mægen-el , do not the number of my days shrink ? 
 i feel it . 
 i am sure of it -- i will not see gægnian again . 
 i will not feed my little lambs again . '' 
 `` thou hast new lambs now , upon feallengod . '' 
 `` yes , new lambs to tend . 
 still ecealdor 's lambs , too , yes ? 
 peaceful to my heart , knowing so . 
 and if i never leave feallengod , even if i fall and die in a hidden place , ecealdor will know where i lie , and that i stood for him , and stood in the gap for the people . '' 
 `` thou hast often yoked thyself unto his service these many years , bregdan . '' 
 `` one last opportunity , eh , old friend ? '' 
 bregdan 's jabbing elbow made mægen-el 's ribs to understand . 
 `` maybe this time i 'll get it right . '' 
 and laughing , he unexpectedly caught a mouthful of sea spray that set him bending over the rail . 
 reaching landfall upon the far side of feallengod , mægen-el and his company hurried to liesan 's aid . 
 bregdan breathed deep the salt air and set out for the community in the foothills . 
 elderly , perhaps , but his pace faltered not as he traveled the land ; even four rivers proved no obstacle for bregdan , as he nimbly picked his way along stones , ages ago set within the current as a path to opposite banks . 
 `` good day , sir , '' he greeted a man sitting at the community gate , toying without muse at a knife and scrap of wood , whiling away the afternoon . 
 his hands betrayed him a man accustomed to labor . 
 `` how do you fare today ? '' 
 `` one day more or less wo n't kill me , sir , '' he maundered . 
 `` and you ? '' 
 `` i must beg your direction , my friend . 
 i arrive upon the island only just , but i bear a message vital for feallengod . 
 can you direct me to a place so to address the people ? '' 
 `` what message do you bring ? '' 
 `` a message from king ecealdor . '' 
 `` ecealdor ? '' 
 the man brightened . 
 `` then you must bring hope with you , friend . 
 whether praise or correction , this forsaken island hungers for a word , any word , from the king ; feallengod gnashes its teeth , tearing its families apart for want of hope . 
 follow me into the town square . 
 i am beorn feohtan . '' 
 `` but do you not already possess a word from the king ? '' 
 bregdan wondered aloud as they briskly walked . 
 beorn led bregdan into the community . 
 the stranger 's odd vestments of colorful robes , along with his white hair and beard flowing behind , attracted perhaps a dozen curious followers along the path . 
 the mild interest transformed into a stirring within , however , when words began to spill from his mouth ; then all the townsfolk seemed to gather , and not an eye could tear away from him . 
 we fell in as well , clutching a fresh new bottle , gastgedal and i , like a vagabond at a freak show . 
 `` men and women of feallengod , i come to you from gægnian , bregdan , just a shepherd and yet still a watchman of king ecealdor . 
 the gracious king brings you greetings from the halls of his palaces . 
 the noble king wishes to soothe your troubled hearts with good tidings of his faithfulness and patience . 
 the almighty king bids you to return to his side , return to obey his law . 
 `` i am bregdan , naught but a herder to the king 's flocks in gægnian . 
 once i claimed the name of great prince , but in his mercy ecealdor delivered me from my pride . 
 once i made myself a killer of men , but ecealdor redeemed me from the blood upon my hands . 
 then again i became a hermit , removed from the people of my ancestors , but ecealdor restored me . 
 i once lived in rebellion and disbelief , but ecealdor made the works of my hands righteous and wonderful . 
 this same grace he longs to pour upon you , oh people of feallengod ! 
 turn from your disobedience , and return to ecealdor ! 
 `` he has spoken to you a law , a law invested with eternity . 
 a law carved upon the stone , but so also to set upon your heads and hands , to guide your thoughts and works in the days of his absence . 
 remember this law : ` wait upon ecealdor to the end , and pour out your blessing upon his people as richly as you receive . ' 
 return to the selflessness of the king 's law , come back into obedience to him , and he will remember you in love and mercy when he returns . '' 
 at these words the people murmured , men and women looking about at each other and uncomfortably shifting foot to foot . 
 for so long they had heard the law twisted , for so long did domen deny ecealdor 's return , they had come to accept his word as truth , deep within their hardened hearts . 
 as for me , i had considered domen as no different from anyone else , not with my time nor concern . 
 my conceit rose as arrogant as it was empty . 
 throughout bregdan 's message , gastgedal and i had wrestled over our flask and snuck giggling snorts like teen-age boys on a spree . 
 now a crack emerged in my façade , and i looked from face to face around me , lost in confusion , and i realized that though i had heard the man speak , i had not listened . 
 but i thought of the stone , and felt it looming over me . 
 `` why should we believe you , old man ? '' 
 a familiar voice came from almost right at my elbow . 
 as it hit beorn 's ear , i saw him wheel about to locate its owner . 
 `` we do n't need you people giving us orders ! 
 go back to wherever you came from ! 
 if you 're from gægnian , where 's your boat ? 
 we did n't see it come in ! 
 we do n't believe you . '' 
 the crowd 's muttering grew . 
 `` you judge rightly , i am an old man . 
 and you are a hot head , '' said bregdan . 
 he easily picked the young man out of the crowd , and as chuckles rose and fell , begietan began to drift slowly towards the back so to slip away . 
 `` you people listen like idiots to this stranger ! 
 silly sheep ! '' 
 he yelled as he left . 
 `` he 's a fool ! 
 only domen has the truth ! '' 
 `` he 's right ! '' 
 others , not so amused , took up begietan 's cause . 
 `` how do we know you come from ecealdor ? 
 prove it ! 
 give us a sign ! '' 
 `` why do you demand a new sign when you do not accept the sign given you before ? '' 
 replied bregdan . 
 `` you will be offered only the sign of three . '' 
 `` we do n't need riddles from you ! 
 if you 're from the king , show us a sign . 
 if you have come from the king , do n't be too afraid to prove it ! 
 we demand a sign ! '' 
 the crowd grew increasingly restive , and i admit even then the passions of those nearby led me to agree , almost to care . 
 but still not yet did my foot slip entirely . 
 `` from the beginning king ecealdor did bless his people with all the fatness of feallengod . 
 nothing from the island did he withhold from you , no ? 
 he asked only that you not withhold your devotion from him , nor from one another . 
 ` wait upon ecealdor to the end , and pour out your blessing upon his people as richly as you receive . ' 
 simply the standard by which he holds himself , by which he loves you , does he ask of you . 
 surely this burden you find not too heavy ? 
 but you have made yourselves a thick people with unbending necks . 
 `` ecealdor has made rich vows toward your behalf . 
 but as well he promises not to restrain his justice always , people of feallengod . 
 he remains able , and so too willing . 
 make no mistake , he sends me . 
 he sends me upon this errand of mercy . 
 i beg you , fear his justice , for he offers mercy and therefore you have hope . 
 how long will he withhold ? 
 surely i can not tell nor willingly say . 
 weigh my words carefully , people of feallengod . 
 i leave you tonight , but i return again to this spot on the morrow . 
 my words will echo here again . '' 
 with that bregdan pushed his way through the crowd , none of the people attempting to stop him . 
 i fell back against a tree , cradling my bottle , and watched him stride resolutely away and disappear between the tightly bunched houses , and gastgedal hid behind . 
 beorn started after bregdan at first , but soon lost sight of him in the failing light . 
 he halted forlornly , looking after him like an abandoned dog ; his hands hung useless at his sides . 
 begietan , far in the distance now , broke into a run . 
 `` let us relieve that flagon of its burden , '' whispered gastgedal . 
 all those who had stopped to hear bregdan twisted a path away from the square , and we milled about until the crowd had cleared . 
 at last we nestled into the worst possible spot , the place of my accusation : together we drained the contents of our vessel while leaning upon the rock of the law . 
 an ill wind flew down my nostrils that day , for an unfamiliar squall settled in my belly along with my drink . 
 never before did my comfort betray me so -- perhaps it came as a curse or perhaps simply a bad day 's work by the shiner . 
 either way , soon i was depositing everything i could upon , behind and beside the rock . 
 terribly did my head reel , and i had no power to stand or want as much . 
 no more could i do than collapse in the pool of my sick . 
 i have little sense of how long i lay there , but in that time i witnessed the worst sight ever to come before my eyes , mægen-el in his mercy . 
 in misery i lay there , entrails torn to pieces by spirits , and spirit slain by the inhuman torment of my friend , and did not stir until i felt the impatient tapping upon my head . 
 `` what is this new shame , then ? '' 
 the voice of the crier said , and i opened my eyes to see a blurred man swinging his staff like a pendulum , in time with the tapping . 
 `` not that i 'm surprised to find you again passed out , but by the stone ? 
 and see what you 've done to it ! 
 have you no more regard for the king 's memory than that ? '' 
 i surely said something in defense , but i have no idea of it now nor probably even then . 
 `` you 'll have to go in for this , '' said the crier , producing a pair of manacles . 
 `` you 'll spend the rest of the night in the cells for this , you can bet . '' 
 with that he hauled me to my feet and drove me back across the square , stumbling toward the stockade . 
 i 'm not sure whose eyes fell upon me on that journey , but the one pair i could see plain as day in my mind were my old mum 's . 
 gastgedal was nowhere to be seen , leaving me to face the consequences of foolishness alone . 
 never had the drink laid me low in such a way , and within my addled thoughts i with certainty judged that some new effect had turned me ill . 
 suppose bregdan did speak for the king -- reciting the law , conspiring with that cursed stone , had by a truth worked some witchery upon my innards . 
 he had singled me out and brought this sentence upon me -- and apparently spared all others -- the drunken heaving as well as my incarceration . 
 and then too liesan 's nightmare , parading before my memory like a funeral procession , drenched me in sweat and shivering . 
 tucked away behind the stone , left basically inert in the embrace of sickness , i had borne silent witness to the betrayal of innocence -lrb- or so i thought -- little did i know -rrb- . 
 beaten and bloodied , his body covered with white linen , and my stomach even now heaved sick once again at the image of the man whom i admired above all others . 
 of all things i ever saw or did , this more than any flowed like bile over my soul . 
 in my ignorant pride , in my inebriated insolence , i came fully to aim my hatred toward bregdan , thinking that safe , though he be merely a brittle man standing between me and ecealdor . 
 as my thoughts slowly cleared of their haze , as i sat with the lice upon my straw pallet , i made myself an equal judge to my king , and of my king . 
 my scorn prepared i to spew forth like more vomit , and i left the jail with a clear head and blackened heart . 
 domen , still seething at his disgrace against liesan , accused spitefully upon hearing of bregdan 's arrival . 
 begietan tried to impress him , mightily embellishing his claim of shouting down the king 's watchman , but domen cared nothing for it . 
 he refused to forget how begietan had run away from giving up his life to oppose mægen-el and his ranks of men just hours earlier . 
 `` the doubt we plant may not survive bregdan 's weeding . 
 the roots run deep , and entangle what truth remains in their hearts . 
 we must choke it out completely . 
 we must strangle it until the last breath fails . 
 you worthless toad , trying to still his voice ! 
 fool ! 
 bregdan 's own words must fall back upon the people a curse . 
 i must turn the threads of his covering into a hanging noose . 
 we will convert the people 's doubt into hatred -- that alone will turn them wholly against ecealdor and into their own ruin . 
 so he returns tomorrow -- we will let the people hear , and we will bind their hearts to a false hope . '' 
 did domen know ? 
 how could he know , or understand , when all called so silently to me ? 
 how too could he understand but not know ? 
 yet at just that moment , i have no doubt , i had fallen very neatly into his hand . 
 as the morning sun broke over the eastern shores of feallengod , beorn left his hovel as usual and tramped through the community . 
 another nightmare endured , just one more of many sleepless nights passed , still tearing him between the word from gægnian and the desires of his family . 
 he had no resistance against cwen as she continued to press his hoarding of the fruit of the orchards ; even more so , begietan had spent the evening at home , goading him to help force bregdan from the island . 
 only hatan had spoken for hearing bregdan out , but mostly even he just sat sullenly , resigned to obeying a decision he detested . 
 `` the king has sent this man . 
 we must hear him , the people must listen to him , if we can be saved ! '' 
 hatan had blurted out . 
 `` saved from what ? '' 
 broke in begietan . 
 `` what , do i need be saved from you ? 
 you people need saving , not me ! 
 i 'm better off without the king ! '' 
 `` is it not enough for you to berate me into the penury of hunger ? '' 
 weary agitation pointed beorn 's voice . 
 `` must i now listen to you revile the sovereign ? '' 
 beorn 's mind wandered now to what the day might bring in the town square , as he contemplated his feet , one before the other , then the next , and another , and the paving bricks passed beneath him out of sight , left behind to fall into the depths of forgetfulness . 
 one night specter passed , another only beginning . 
 beorn had mercifully missed the spectacle that so came to afflict my eyes , mægen-el bearing the crippled body of liesan through the square . 
 now he emerged suddenly from his thoughts and found himself in the square , startled at the odd figure next to a looming stone building . 
 there stood bregdan . 
 with him he had brought a long walking stick of the feallengod style . 
 and i , at the opposite side of the courtyard , stared with sullen disgust , just departing my quarters at the jailhouse . 
 the square bore within its basin the most grand and important buildings of the community , muscular structures extending high above homes and shops ; its courtyard served as forum for the honorable and knavish alike . 
 `` a good morning to you , beorn feohtan . 
 do i not look like i belong among the islanders now ? '' 
 bregdan smiled , admiring the staff . 
 `` you have taken up the staff of feallengod . '' 
 `` yes , a worthy saying . 
 a worthy tradition . 
 we all must find a strength to lean upon . '' 
 `` you soon may not want to look like you belong here , '' returned beorn glumly . 
 `` really , friend , why your distress ? 
 do you not know what ecealdor has set in motion ? 
 do you not believe that feallengod will harvest his desires ? 
 whatever comes about , does so only under his notice , and he will make it right ! 
 so rejoice ! 
 do n't you long to see your king 's judgments come to pass ? '' 
 beorn little knew how to respond , but had hardly the chance before a great noise swallowed them from behind . 
 a large crowd appeared from a dozen points , streaming through the narrow streets . 
 at the front marched begietan . 
 `` watch , '' said bregdan with a wink . 
 `` why do you still tread domen 's island ? '' 
 demanded begietan . 
 `` do you wish to hear more , young man ? 
 i am sent as an emissary of king ecealdor . '' 
 `` we do n't need you or your king here . 
 we do n't even believe ecealdor lives anymore . 
 the king is dead ! 
 then how do you make yourself leader over us ? '' 
 bregdan sat erect on a tabouret , worn smooth by generations of buttocks upon the stone slab , set against the building . 
 `` i lead only back to the king . 
 i lead only back to his promises . 
 i lead only back to his commandment : ` wait upon ecealdor to the end , and pour out your blessing upon his people as richly as you receive . '' ' 
 curse my tongue for a snake , and curse my ears for hearing only what they wish ! 
 that law , that stone -- through the morning hours i had resolved if i could n't escape its shadow , i would at least rail against it . 
 how quickly can guilt grow into rebellion . 
 and so i entered into revolt not against its words but rather against its spirit . 
 without knowing , i cloaked myself in the banner of domen and bartered my soul for no more than the satisfaction of a fleeting vanity . 
 `` you falsely interpret the law , '' i joined in the crowd 's jeering , hooting the sly words in an excited , high-pitched voice ; sodden intellect often works well to ridicule trust . 
 at that moment i felt a grasping of my elbow and snapped my head to see . 
 there stood gastgedal with a smirk , back again as though he 'd never left me . 
 `` choose well your sides , for the ease of your desires lies in the here and now . 
 and now -- '' he finished his thought by passing me a jug he had already mostly drained . 
 only then did i remember his words through the night , again remembered liesan , and remembered only too well the last bottle gastgedal had given me . 
 i snatched away my elbow , turning my foolish attention and wrath again toward bregdan . 
 `` a man can not love another until he loves himself . 
 he can not truly love the king second unless he loves himself first . '' 
 i lifted the bottle to prove devotion to my philosophy . 
 the crowd snickered and stirred , ever increasing in size and unrest as townsfolk appeared out of homes and shops to hear . 
 soon surrounded , i had to extend my frame to see the object of my contempt , the man whom overnight i had learned to hate . 
 `` people of feallengod , '' began bregdan , trying to address all . 
 `` seek the king 's mercy ! 
 will you not repent of your disobedience , and consider your latter end ? 
 he will not despise your confessions ! 
 turn from your rebellion , turn away from your stubbornness , and run to his tender mercies ! 
 for none can deliver out of ecealdor 's hand , whether in mercy or judgment . '' 
 `` empty threats ! 
 wind beneath the covers ! '' 
 i called like a jester . 
 `` i do n't believe ecealdor 's law . 
 are we not all men here ? 
 are we not able to make our own choices ? 
 certainly our values aspire as worthily as ecealdor 's ? 
 oh , great shepherd , mow the field for our feeding , for we forget how to nibble ! 
 i say , let us select among ourselves a captain , a leader of our own choosing . 
 stop your bleating , oh chief sheep , and we will allow you to board your boat and escape in your woolen raiment . '' 
 many would say truth resides only in what one believes . 
 thereby men devise a way to believe lies even when they know them to be lies . 
 the crowd was ripe , ready to listen to anything ; and i primed to say it , so the people threw their regard to a hungover fool . 
 begietan fell silent at my diatribe , only rousing the gathering into more raucous laughter at my mockery . 
 if this man bregdan had come from ecealdor , then i knew i wanted nothing in him . 
 if he spoke for the king , i knew i did not want to hear , for what kind of treachery might dwell in his words ? 
 the same that left liesan mere broken remains of a man ? 
 fully did i echo domen 's words , and cheer with my listeners , i cheered like a madman , for so i was . 
 already had i given myself over , more like him than myself . 
 i even threw my empty bottle at the old watchman , but to no greater effect than anything else i had ever done . 
 i tremble , my lord . 
 is it the cold ? 
 `` you whited fowl ! 
 crazed rooster ! 
 stretch your neck elsewhere , you croaking bird ! '' 
 i still stood within the crowd , an anonymous voice to my victim . 
 `` deliver your law back to your king , shepherd , grind your stone into sand and sprinkle it into his beard ! 
 let it become grit between his teeth ! 
 for we are done , feallengod ends its servitude under his empty promise and bloody threat ! 
 be gone with you ! 
 or we expel your carcass , beaten like liesan ! '' 
 the crowd stood by unknowing ; bregdan would not stand down . 
 `` oh , people ! 
 who stands with ecealdor ? 
 who among you takes the king 's side ? 
 king ecealdor remains great in his patience , but he will not tolerate faithlessness forever . 
 is this my life that you now threaten of any consequence ? 
 would you not trade one life for many ? 
 people of feallengod , a warning i offer you , that i leave your presence now ! 
 the sun sets upon your fate ! '' 
 `` he finishes ! '' 
 gastgedal urgently whispered . 
 `` he will show his greatest strength to take hold of the people ! 
 cut his knees from under him , before it 's too late ! '' 
 `` what ? 
 how ? '' 
 i rasped back at him . 
 `` look into your heart . 
 say something ! '' 
 a moment flew by . 
 `` cock-a-doodle-do ! '' 
 i crowed . 
 bregdan persisted . 
 `` true , my mission recalls ecealdor 's law to your minds , but my words speak not about the law -- i proclaim the promise , the fount of the law . 
 my words speak not of me -- they announce to you another . 
 take heed , for though that conciliation will come , ecealdor 's long suffering endures not without end . '' 
 not ten feet from bregdan sat the stone of the law , polished gleaming by a million fingers . 
 he lifted his staff high over his head and bellowed , `` now leave this servant depart from you in peace . 
 the kingdom of ecealdor lies before your eyes ; take hold of it ! '' 
 with that , he reached out the staff and tapped the stone twice . 
 quietly leaning upon the wall , he closed his eyes , and , as the people looked on , he died . 
 the staff slipped from his fingers and clattered to the stony pavement . 
 i stood silent for a moment . 
 so easily bregdan did finish with my cursings , washing his hands of the baleful stone . 
 my rabid spewing cheated , suddenly my fury raged at the old man ; i shouldered through the stunned mob and seized his staff from the ground . 
 with lunatic abandon i brought it down upon the stone , again , then again , so severely my hands rattled with the blows . 
 repeatedly did the rod vent my wrath against the law , until it broke and splintered across the ground , scattering near witnesses . 
 i leaned over the uncaring rock , breath heaving , stubby wand still in hand , seething at the stoic taunting of my futile rant . 
 then i spoke , words from some unknown source , i heard in my own voice . 
 `` a sign ! '' 
 i brayed , my speech growing into a scream as my frayed stick pointed toward bregdan 's slumping body . 
 `` you sought a sign , and he gives one ! 
 ecealdor 's promises fall dead as he is ! 
 we have our sign ! '' 
 chapter ix the sun glared . 
 domen 's thoughts burned with wickedness . 
 denied his mountain , he crouched hidden in the dim light of a copse deep in the woods in the northwest parts of the island . 
 his ideas slowly fermented as he sought to make gain of bregdan 's death . 
 `` ecealdor learns bitterly the price of relying upon these weak people ! 
 weak ! 
 how i would take their weakness and rub his nose in its stench ! 
 but these feeble minds will soon forget what they witnessed today . 
 they require constant watching . 
 i must drive bregdan 's ruin into their brains . 
 so ecealdor sent him here as a witness -- he will witness indeed . '' 
 he slunk into the wild fringes of the mountains , where he knew begietan lurked about in solitude . 
 like the twisting of four rivers , their paths crossed as begietan stalked one of the wild hogs that rooted about in the forests . 
 `` i make a demand of you . 
 go into the community , '' domen said in a low growl . 
 `` hush ! '' 
 scolded begietan , without lowering his loaded bow nor taking his hedonist gaze from the pig at the end of his aim . 
 `` i am hunting . '' 
 domen grabbed the point of begietan 's arrow and snapped the shaft in two like a stick of chalk . 
 the pig started at the loud crack , glancing only briefly before darting into the underbrush . 
 `` the time of worshipping your appetites has run out . 
 now you live only to satisfy mine . 
 depart from here , '' domen ordered . 
 `` raise up what men you have and deliver them to the square . 
 we have business yet there . '' 
 `` i will do as i please , '' said begietan , but his voice betrayed wavering defiance . 
 `` you do well to shut up , then , as you pleased in the square , '' domen glowered at him . 
 `` do you think of mutiny ? 
 do you suppose you can retreat from me now ? 
 no , you can go neither forward nor back . 
 you 've burned your bridges to the community , fool -- you hoard the orchards ' goods as does your family ! 
 the people hate you from the pits of their empty stomachs . 
 and the disciples you 've made -- they belong to me ! 
 dare you so boldly as to turn against me ? 
 if you have hopes of seeing tomorrow , for today you will do as i say . '' 
 `` but i want to eat . '' 
 `` perhaps , but at least you breathe as well . 
 gather your men in the square . '' 
 though begietan , tall and broad , could easily have overpowered domen , threats had whipped his heart . 
 he allowed his fear to overrule hunger , and ran grumbling towards the community . 
 domen started out behind him , but slowly ; as the men gathered to their task , he would consider well his strategy . 
 `` he must stay . 
 he must stay , '' he muttered . 
 `` he must remain the sign . '' 
 these scrolls before me curl into grim smiles . 
 how could i have known domen would take up my own cry ? 
 somehow he may have planted the seed himself in my mind , compost to evil thought . 
 the king 's scribes must know , for so they recorded domen 's words upon these parchments -- do they now accuse me , then ? 
 no , say not so , for only domen does accuse , and greatly does the king 's mercy endure for those who seek and remain still . 
 but still the words mock , the writing stabs deeply , and sorrow bleeds onto my own pages . 
 domen wound along the trodden paths and through the streets of the community , toward the town square . 
 he knew bregdan 's body would lie there still , even hours after his death , for no man nor woman upon feallengod would dare move it : in ancient legends of the island , told since the days of ecealdor 's visitation , when he stopped upon the island 's shores , even the days when he had only just established his people upon feallengod , another man of gægnian walked with him . 
 this man , the seventh son of feallengod , spoke judgment on behalf of the king . 
 but he himself lived uprightly in the cool of his evening , never straying from the king 's counsels . 
 then the man walked no longer -- into the sea he went , perhaps , or the grave , or back to gægnian , nobody knew to say -- and ecealdor spoke of him no more , and never asked after him , and neither so anyone else . 
 since that time a mythology spread the land concerning the natives of gægnian , fantastic stories about mystical properties of their flesh and bone told unruly children , not the least i . 
 some said denizens of gægnian produced miracles by the mere force of their will ; others claimed fire might sweep down from the sky to take them up . 
 long generations came and went without failing to believe these mysteries . 
 even i had not yet grown to ridicule such notions , but as long as no visitor from gægnian ever appeared , what did it matter ? 
 now after bregdan 's death , i gave him no more respect than when he breathed , but not so most of the other islanders . 
 still many paid tribute to superstition -- any death inflicts a seductive atrocity , an insult to the creation . 
 we are not made for it . 
 at death a man leaves , and yet he lies there still . 
 the living are left agape , like gazing upon a particularly bad painting of someone known intimately . 
 a cadaver draws a morbid fascination to itself , as though it bears some unnatural beauty in its abrupt change -- a horrific beauty . 
 we humans desire matters come to an end to a point , but death brings more closure than comfort allows . 
 for the feallengod folk , gægnian defied even this closing of the door . 
 life springs ever new there , according to those same legends -- who knew what truth lay there . 
 the citizens of that most mystical land are said to sleep only , deeply and darkly , then awaken at their pleasure . 
 bregdan hailed from that veiled nation , sent from gægnian , and the wetly credulous men of feallengod would tremble to approach his body . 
 like a vulture domen rehearsed his strategy , circling his mind : with brash confidence he entered the square , prepared for any event as he would sink his claws into bregdan 's corpse , so he thought , but his eyes double-crossed that notion . 
 there against the building , cradling his fallen friend , knelt mægen-el , grieving over his body in soothing eulogy . 
 `` thou spoke truly , '' mægen-el crooned , his voice silken . 
 `` and make thy end well upon feallengod . '' 
 having secured liesan upon his ship , mægen-el had re-embarked onto the island to check on bregdan . 
 expecting to transport him back to gægnian , he instead found him prostrate to the dust of the grave . 
 `` shallow sentiment clogs the heart of gægnian these days , '' said domen at the sight of him , surprised and churlish , shouldering his way through the sizeable assembly that had come to gawk . 
 in his head he cursed the presence of ecealdor 's aide but stilled his tongue , rantings of no service to him now . 
 `` i claim the body of bregdan ! 
 let the living bury their dead , i say . '' 
 `` begone , domen , thou hast no business here . '' 
 `` oh , quite the opposite , mægen-el , i have much work here . 
 you withstood me against liesan , but you can not deny me bregdan . 
 a funeral remains to plan , a grand memorial , a monument to design . 
 i think this place would suit him best for a burial plot , do n't you ? 
 the ground where he fell , the very soil of his death , the center of the city . 
 i want that body . '' 
 `` nay , nay , thou wilt not take it . 
 not while i have yet an ounce of marrow in my bones , or breath in my lungs . '' 
 mægen-el grimaced and gritted his molars at the thought : some ghoulish device for the body of bregdan steeped in domen 's odious brain . 
 `` you may find you need your last breath . 
 do you not hear ? 
 my men approach -- their steps even now sound from the horizon . 
 strong men of feallengod , and many . 
 they follow my orders , not yours , not the king 's . 
 we will take that body for our own purposes . '' 
 `` then thou wilt have two corpses for thy choosing , if think thou thy company hast the wherewithal for the undertaking . '' 
 a group of some two dozen young men tramped around a corner , led by begietan . 
 many bore arms , though not much more than clubs and pitchforks , but many also carried no weapon . 
 these were not mere rabble , happy simply to contradict edicts from ecealdor , but rather volunteers to domen 's desires , sharing his same putrid ambitions . 
 all stopped short upon seeing mægen-el , holding bregdan 's limp form , in argument with domen . 
 older , wiser , wasted , i sat in still waters of the gutter , staring with gastgedal and a fresh bottle . 
 `` i claim the body of bregdan . 
 i am prince of feallengod -- so has he said . 
 i claim my right to the body of this man . '' 
 `` why would thou abuse the body of the king 's watchman ? 
 what can he mean to thee ? '' 
 `` he means victory to me , my great victory , that 's what , '' domen hissed , and his scowl turned hard . 
 `` that body proves ecealdor grows weary and feeble . 
 bregdan came to turn the island away from me , only to drop dead . 
 what better face for futility ? 
 what is more weak and worthless than a dead man ? 
 he cleaves to ecealdor 's defeat like a brother . 
 the people of feallengod rejected bregdan , and death made his only escape -- so also for ecealdor . 
 i will make a great monument to this failure , a memorial to stand forever . 
 that body will remind the people that i rule over them . 
 one way or another , i rule over them . '' 
 `` then thou wilt not have him . '' 
 `` you forget you stand alone . 
 many gather here who would disagree with you . 
 they obey my orders only . '' 
 slowly he turned to his men . 
 `` go take that body ! '' 
 he croaked . 
 the men edged forward . 
 they numbered certainly enough to overwhelm mægen-el , but their hearts first faltered at the legends of ecealdor 's courts . 
 floods of stories , the tales of gægnian learned as children , filled their heads . 
 the sheen of mægen-el 's armor and his robust build offered no soothing for their anxiety . 
 still too his sword , now sharply out of its scabbard , made its own point : the men awaited inspiration as to how to go about their work , but received none . 
 i had to laugh , to myself to attract no attention , not just at their milling reticence but for the sake of scorn itself . 
 i cared no more for them than the carcass they fought over . 
 but their challenge i envied not : the imposing building where bregdan had died protected mægen-el 's back , and large stone benches stood to either side for cover . 
 domen 's men would have to make a frontal assault or none at all . 
 mægen-el drew to his full height and tested his right arm with a brace of broad swipes of his blade . 
 `` yea , come . 
 what is this body worth to thee ? 
 an arm ? 
 a life ? 
 come , let us barter together . '' 
 the men drew back from the sword , not just its shining peril but also mægen-el 's looming menace , and his teeth clinched at his words . 
 as the king 's messenger , he spent not his days in battle , but he willed now to lock eyes with death defending whatever was left of bregdan . 
 ecealdor had not sent the shepherd to feallengod in vain , mægen-el resolved ; he now must protect that mission . 
 domen 's men , ill prepared and not sure what they were asked to fight for , keenly beheld the look of mægen-el 's face . 
 nervous voices , too quiet to understand except in their trickling fear , tested the air as did feet upon the cobblestones . 
 begietan pulled a single arrow and quickly shot at mægen-el . 
 sure of flight , it found its mark , but glinted lightly off his polished breastplate . 
 he did not blink . 
 as it skittered upon the pavement mægen-el made forward , and some half the men , those in the back , turned and fled . 
 with a flick of his wrist , mægen-el pulled one of his daggers from a boot , letting fly to deftly pop begietan 's bowstring , and then so too did begietan run . 
 `` useless ! '' 
 muttered domen . 
 `` but time remains at my side . 
 you can not scare away the hours , mægen-el . 
 you can not fend off exhaustion feigning bravado . 
 we will see what comes of the clock . '' 
 dusk was turning to dark upon the day , and indeed the voyage to feallengod , the saving of liesan and the loss of his friend all served to exhaust mægen-el . 
 roused in the wee hours , he had left the ship the moment it landed , before dawn . 
 yet he determined not to leave the body , neither in fact nor in sleep . 
 so did the vigil begin . 
 twenty one hours it continued , as the moon climbed up one end of the sky and descended the other . 
 stars blinked with disinterest , much too distant to make out the events of that long night . 
 twenty one hours it persisted , as the cock crowed and the sun reappeared . 
 mægen-el 's mind wandering with the breeze of his thoughts , no more than waking dreams . 
 clouds too rolled slowly past , sometimes hiding the bright orb 's face , sometimes revealing its cheerful ambivalence . 
 twenty one hours , as the townsfolk emerged from their houses and walked past , glancing at mægen-el and domen with worried curiosity but avoiding any accidental involvement . 
 birds sang , dogs trotted by with only a glance , fallen leaves danced to the piping of the wind , and still mægen-el obstinately knelt at his post . 
 i slept , and awoke , but arose not . 
 twenty one hours passed , filled with domen 's continued railing . 
 it came to be nearly the setting of the second day . 
 a smattering of townsfolk had gathered , at a safe distance . 
 some of domen 's men returned , and others drifted away , but mægen-el held them at bay , unrelenting . 
 domen passed the hours in a squat , alternating between yammering at mægen-el and falling silent . 
 he seemed to nap with his eyes open , rolling into his head , taking on the appearance of the undead , repulsive even to his own men . 
 mægen-el 's head hung heavily , his eyelids wrestling with his will . 
 several moments he caught his attention slumping , and forced himself to brace again against attack . 
 his armor weighed upon his shoulders , and all the effort he could muster went to gripping his sword . 
 `` no longer can i endure this , '' he said under his breath . 
 `` i need gelic-el . '' 
 domen looked like a famished dog at the hunt . 
 `` perhaps ecealdor should have thought ... '' he began . 
 as if a miracle , at that moment the rhythmic sound of clanging armor came from among the buildings . 
 even my wobbling head turned toward the clatter , and necks strained through open windows to see what would come . 
 there , trudging through the narrow streets , appeared gelic-el in brassy regalia and armed to the teeth . 
 those many weeks ago bregdan and mægen-el had set sail from gægnian , but not before ecealdor had sent secanbearn to fetch gelic-el . 
 for this purpose the king made his designs . 
 gelic-el grabbed mægen-el by the shoulder and shook him playfully . 
 `` hey , bobble head , wake up there . 
 a fine companion you 've turned out -- i have n't seen you once since landfall . 
 ship 's captain said i 'd find you here . 
 your aides have liesan safe and comfortable , back on the longboat . 
 need some help ? '' 
 `` take over here . 
 prevent domen , '' mægen-el said grimly . 
 `` i will return to the ship and send men to claim bregdan 's body . '' 
 as simply as that , he slipped out of the square . 
 `` for a messenger , he is a man of few words , '' commented gelic-el to nobody in particular . 
 he considered the body at his feet . 
 `` a good man has fallen here . '' 
 domen , still squatting , scowled and cast a handful of dirt to the air with a curse . 
 `` so you again pester me . 
 long do you and i go back , gelic-el . 
 a time long past could have seen us strong allies . 
 now i have my own mission , and i will not again share . 
 i will have the body of bregdan . 
 do not try to stop me . '' 
 `` never have i set foot upon feallengod , nor do i come now for pleasant conversation . 
 this vast gulf have i set behind me for this one purpose , to withstand your desire for bregdan . 
 those very words of ecealdor yet abide in my ears . '' 
 gelic-el drew his long sword , propped before him like a mace , its tip sinking slightly into the ground , his open palm resting upon the grip . 
 as intimidating to see as was mægen-el , gelic-el struck a truly alarming figure . 
 i shrank deeper into the shallow gutter , the pitiful extent of the best i could do . 
 his breastplate appeared ready to pop its joints at the mass of his shoulders ; the long , flowing garment beneath failed to cloak his physique . 
 bristling with armor and weaponry , with unkempt hair and grizzled beard , his seven-foot frame towered over the people of feallengod . 
 one by one , what remained of domen 's men discreetly slipped away . 
 my first sight of gelic-el put me in mind of lunacy . 
 my bottle now empty keeping my company offered no further reassurance ; i had yet to prepare for the next . 
 gelic-el loomed monstrous over the people , tall and broad . 
 i gladly remained back from the crowd , and certainly away from domen , though a pang of sympathy for him sunk its talons into me , for facing this foe . 
 my heart accuses me ! 
 but fear did nothing to change the hateful temper lodged in my craw . 
 this giant man from the king could force his way upon us , if that pleased the royal prerogative . 
 my will to resist ecealdor only hardened . 
 i wallowed in my squalor , angry that the king had remained distant for so long , angry that he now visited his dominion upon feallengod . 
 `` this promises to show itself good , '' gastgedal said like he sat before a banquet . 
 `` some use for soberness still , ' ey , my lovely -- for clear eyes as two dogs fight . '' 
 `` i will keep this body on the island , '' domen declared . 
 `` it belongs to the people of feallengod ! 
 it belongs with them , to decay in their midst . 
 they loved bregdan here . 
 should n't they get the chance to show him suitable respect ? 
 should he remain here , they will visit his grave and honor his memory every day . 
 they will come to adore him above all others . 
 his name inscribed on a great , granite marker , it will be read and remembered by every generation . 
 the people will pass their fingers over the tombstone , feel the very presence of bregdan , to recall him in a sacred way . 
 you know how mægen-el loved him . 
 do n't you agree he must receive this honor ? 
 over time , he will take hold the people 's hearts as much as ecealdor himself , perhaps more . '' 
 gelic-el stood over the body of bregdan . 
 `` may ecealdor 's justice fall upon you , '' he said . 
 `` you have no grasp how important bregdan is to my islanders . 
 he is the mediator with ecealdor -- too bad he is dead . 
 his ways could have led the people back to the king . 
 now the importance lies in his body . 
 while his monument stands upon the land , his words will never fade from men 's minds . 
 what is it he said ? 
 ` that conciliation has come , and ecealdor 's long suffering endures without end . ' 
 surely you will not deny this poor people their last connection to the king ? '' 
 `` may ecealdor 's justice fall upon you . '' 
 domen grimaced at the saying and thought back to the gelic-el of gægnian , gentle of spirit but not given to sentiment , and changed his approach . 
 he fell upon an argument dear to a man disciplined and under authority , a demand for justice striking directly at gelic-el 's sense of duty . 
 `` bregdan belongs to me . 
 by his own testimony , he has murder upon his head . 
 men commit no greater crime than murder in all of the greater kingdom . 
 even in the service of ecealdor he struck down the man of tweard . 
 he remains a criminal in the letter of the law . 
 his shame maligns the king himself ! 
 give him to me ! 
 he does not warrant grace from the king now , nor even pity . 
 this body does not deserve entry into gægnian . 
 his crime , his crime far surpasses my own -- he spilled the blood of another man ! 
 the king ca n't turn a blind eye ! 
 the king can not forgive ! 
 i am banished from gægnian ; so then should bregdan be . 
 ecealdor would deny his own decree to allow bregdan back into gægnian . 
 no , let bregdan 's body stay here with such a great culprit as i. '' `` may ecealdor 's justice fall upon you , '' gelic-el said . 
 `` can you say no more ?! '' 
 domen exploded . 
 gelic-el stood silent . 
 domen wrought an excess of words to rebut gelic-el 's simple assertion . 
 a nervous urgency overtook him , knowing mægen-el 's aides approached , knowing the clock now ticked against him . 
 mind sputtering , domen 's tongue flowed with unbridled abandon . 
 `` ecealdor sent bregdan to feallengod . 
 he sent him to this putrid , barren island . 
 he sent him into my domain . 
 i am prince here -- so has he said . 
 so bregdan belongs to me . 
 he is here , he is here , he is on feallengod soil , and so he must stay . 
 he comes under my authority . 
 does ecealdor regather any other man from feallengod ? 
 no . 
 they all find graves here . 
 here , here , he is here . 
 here he must stay . 
 born on feallengod , lived on feallengod , buried on feallengod . 
 they all belong to me . 
 dirt to dirt . 
 bregdan is here , you must leave him here . 
 you see the natural order of things so run , the order ecealdor has established , dear king ecealdor , we must not upset the order . 
 not even ecealdor should overrule royal mandate . 
 he can not do so . 
 the good citizens of feallengod wo n't allow it . '' 
 with this domen appealed , one arm outstretched to the partisans behind him . 
 upon looking , though , he found the people , excepting only a handful , had scattered to their homes , and the gesture proved empty as my flask . 
 my eyes gazed empty as well from the distant sewer ; i pitied him . 
 `` may ecealdor 's justice fall upon you , '' remained all gelic-el would say . 
 at last , as the clock tower chimed the hour , mægen-el 's aides arrived with a cushioned litter . 
 domen swore and threw rocks as they placed bregdan 's body upon the bed . 
 he kicked at the dust , both hands pulling at his hair , as they washed the face , arms and feet . 
 domen squatted and beat the ground with his grimy fists , wailing deep in his throat , as the men draped royal robes over bregdan 's remains . 
 the anger churned in domen 's stomach , driving him to his knees in agony . 
 afraid to approach too closely , unable to force himself away , he twitched and reached out with his crooked fingers as if to take hold the body . 
 his arm held low , gelic-el extended his sword toward domen , its point menacing his nose . 
 `` may ecealdor 's justice fall upon you , '' he said . 
 gelic-el led a hushed procession through the community ; domen clawed in fury at the harsh stone pavement . 
 his anguished howling drew the townsfolk to peer out their windows , and a few even came to doorways to see off the old man . 
 bregdan had lived among them all of one day . 
 he had spoken the old words of king ecealdor , putting the people in mind of a more perfect time . 
 but what can one man do in so brief a span ? 
 is a single life of any consequence ? 
 who can say what a man leaves behind him ? 
 i cared not for such things . 
 i only sucked upon the fumes of my spirits . 
 i wagged my head in arrogant judgment that the king cared so much for his servants , but only after they were dead . 
 i scoffed that words might make things right . 
 words , empty words , they spun about and disappeared into the air , meaning nothing . 
 bregdan 's words , domen 's words , what difference lay between them ? 
 soon everything they both had said would fade into forgetfulness , and the island would go on as ever . 
 so destitute i , for a moment i wished bregdan lived again , so i could spit in his eye . 
 take that message to the king , shepherd ! 
 no tidings from ecealdor could make any difference now . 
 new pronouncements meant no more than the ancient words carved generations ago upon the stone . 
 oh , that horrid stone ! 
 the thought pounded my brain . 
 how that stone hung over my head and tormented me ! 
 at the gate , the procession passed beorn like a wake , but he did not see , holding his head in his hands . 
 the hope he had put in bregdan , the hope he had celebrated just some two days before , now forsook feallengod upon the same litter as the old man 's body . 
 down to the shore , to the docks on the eastern side , the ritual march proceeded silently . 
 the royal longboat received bregdan 's body and set sail for gægnian with gelic-el , mægen-el and his aides aboard . 
 as the stars and moon stood vigil , slowly and gently the vessel slipped across the island 's lee and out of sight over the western horizon . 
 chapter x time passed , and time again , after the death of bregdan . 
 the island of feallengod sat unchanging , bounded about by the ocean heofon , the deep blue sky watching from above , not knowing , not caring , not believing as events revealed their gathering tragedy . 
 the king sent more watchmen , each in the steps of the last , and more and more the people disdained them . 
 some came as priests , some scholars , some reapers or artisans . 
 all delivered the same message : return to the ancient law , `` wait upon ecealdor to the end , and pour out your blessing upon his people as richly as you receive . '' 
 with shamefully little delay the mystery of gægnian , the sense of awe the people had long held for men of the king 's courts , vanished to nothing . 
 the magical elan islanders had ascribed to these men , based on myth and falsehood , was breached ; once done , truth much more easily fell as well . 
 many of the emissaries endured beatings , then to be cast out ; many more gave their last breath . 
 one was thrown into a cistern to rot ; another rent in two . 
 each man in turn withstood abuse and scorn . 
 the reasoning of the people , blowing about like feathers on the wind , robbed them of verity , leaving only vain ideas of vacillating fairness . 
 the power of the lie grew as each day more of the families of feallengod believed in self-reliance , self-gratification and self-absorption . 
 though the people spoke much of love with their mouths , covetousness beset their hearts . 
 as the community fractured and the people fell further and further apart , there grew a desire for something , anything , to make them seem as one again . 
 domen 's willing leadership offered a simple resolution , putrid though it seemed to all , and a steady stream of islanders sought him out , first by the score , then by the thousands . 
 a dwindling few still stubbornly held their patience with ecealdor . 
 i numbered myself not among them , but neither did i declare allegiance to domen . 
 i trusted only in myself , or so i thought ; gastgedal truly did me no favors . 
 i had accepted him as just a part of life upon feallengod , and so he was . 
 with him i began a private struggle as a broad struggle blossomed all across the island , as domen hoped to pull all of mankind up by the roots . 
 in the end blindness snared me , and to look at me bore witness to the futility of my confidence . 
 no longer welcome at the boar 's brew to beg or booze , i found scattered work tending the roads and fields . 
 to my great dismay and benefit , the pay fell short of the ale i desired , so i embarked upon a long duration of drying out between binges . 
 i wailed for the wine cut off from my mouth , and from my hopelessness and frustration i sought release in the streets , accosting my fellows with violence for coin , and -- when pockets turned empty -- then simply for the brawling to lift my numbness . 
 if not for pain , i was n't sure i lived at all . 
 many a night i passed unconsciously bleeding , and many an unjust injury did i inflict upon innocent men . 
 much i have to answer for , a poor powerless soul such as i , yet still the culprit in so many crimes brewed within a squalid heart . 
 still , by some jest of fate , mayhem turned my head clearer for what was to come . 
 always there stood gastgedal , complaining too for drink , egging me into conflict . 
 and rampaging better suited me then than lying in the sewage to think . 
 i believe most others concurred : indeed , the times spread raucous argument and festivity throughout the population of feallengod , and great grieving throughout gægnian . 
 despondent , beorn leaned upon his table . 
 his thick fingers idly caressed the soft tablecloth . 
 the breezes blew pleasantly through an open window , belying the desperate nothingness that weighed upon him . 
 long ago he had conceded to hoard the orchard 's produce . 
 for a time the feohtan wealth abounded , but soon the spoilage of the stored crops matched the rotten void in the pit of beorn 's belly . 
 too , the orchards each morning showed forth less crop to harvest : the overabundance of beorn 's pantry led to sloth , the plants and trees fell to waste , the work required to husband fruits grew more onerous and begat more sloth . 
 as well , hunger felt throughout the community had given rise to raiding and theft , in which i took chief place , i have no doubt . 
 and so both abundance and lack destroyed the character of men . 
 begietan had taken to spending nights in the orchards , but he 'd had no apparent effect on the amount pilfered . 
 i found his casual watches no more difficult to violate than a passing strumpet . 
 `` hopeless , simply hopeless , '' beorn , his head down , said to cwen , sitting opposite him . 
 `` the community has burst asunder under the pressure of each man . 
 when we sought the law we lived as one body ; now , every man just does what appears right in his own eyes . 
 i fear for our future . '' 
 `` we have always prospered upon feallengod , '' said cwen . 
 `` do you not believe it also will remain so in days to come ? '' 
 beorn lifted his eyes from the table and to his wife . 
 `` what do you call prosperity ? 
 riches ? 
 gluttony ? 
 at one time , a lifetime ago , we measured prosperity in peace . 
 peace with our neighbors , and within ourselves . 
 at one time i would gladly have wagered everything we had on my belief in our future . 
 now i stand guard over the present like a mad dog , afraid someone might desire it , or even merely see . 
 the abundance of what we hoard shames me in the face of the starving , and i wish to hide it even further away . 
 i once boasted in the future , i rested in ecealdor 's promises . 
 i believed certainly he would return . '' 
 `` you always said that , '' came cwen 's reassurance . 
 `` look at what 's happened , cwen . 
 all these messengers , all claiming to speak for the king , each one insisting that ecealdor will come again , all shamefully treated . 
 and then yesterday , this man fulwiht beheaded . 
 tell me , what should i believe now ? '' 
 this man fulwiht . 
 ecealdor indeed had sent many an odd fellow to the island , but this man fulwiht was a pip . 
 rejecting the clothing and staff of feallengod , he simply draped an animal skin about him , secured by a scrap of rope . 
 he went about carrying an axe , sometimes used as a cane and other times shaken like a horrifying weapon . 
 his hair hung with a life of its own from his ragged head , never cut nor combed . 
 he came not to the community , but instead roamed the banks of four rivers , beckoning the community come to him . 
 and some did , a few clinging to the distant king , but most out of idle curiosity . 
 oof , did he rail at us all ; his type is easy to ridicule but hard to cast off for sleep 's sake . 
 in time domen grew weary of his charges , and so sent begietan to secure his arrest . 
 the shabby crew who stood no chance against gelic-el easily brought this eccentric castaway under control , and threw him into a makeshift prison at the abandoned quarries , rough timbers lashed together as a simple but strong gate . 
 he wasted away there for a time as domen tried to devise a way to use him , but fulwiht 's raving began to grate on begietan , appointed to guard him through the day . 
 thus it was at night when my ears captured his desires as he approached the boar 's brew with a gaggle of miscreants . 
 `` i hate that crazy man . 
 all day long he rides my back . 
 you people have no idea what i have to put up with . '' 
 no , i never had any use for begietan ; i tried to never speak a word to him until the moment i had to . 
 with my thirst long having gone unslaked , and the tavern looming near , this seemed like the moment . 
 `` you never worked the quarries , did you ? '' 
 i mentioned casually as he passed by . 
 `` indeed not , '' his lip curled as he took measure of my general disarray . 
 `` common labor does not come from the keeper of feallengod 's orchards . '' 
 `` yet you work them now . '' 
 `` are you making light of me , drunken fool ? '' 
 begietan took a threatening step toward me , and i felt gastgedal slip around behind . 
 `` of course not . 
 drunk i may be , soon if not now , but i be no fool . 
 i know domen 's henchman . '' 
 `` and best you remember it , '' he rejoined , making sure to spray spittle upon my face . 
 i took a moment to wipe my nose thoughtfully . 
 `` know i well the power of domen ` s henchman , '' i pressed my insult . 
 `` but know i too the restraint domen requires of him . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 gastgedal chuckled , and i sensed his fear subsiding . 
 `` you hate the man , yet you guard his safety . 
 as domen sorts his thoughts , you can not do away with your tormentor . 
 domen 's seal upon the door can not be broken , or you forfeit your life . 
 there 's no other way for you to get at fulwiht . '' 
 `` yes , and so what ? 
 what 's it to you ? '' 
 `` you can do nothing , but someone else might . '' 
 `` nobody can get through when i 'm guarding him ! '' 
 he drew himself up to me again in a threatening manner . 
 `` same with the night guard . 
 i chose the man myself . '' 
 `` but an accident might befall fulwiht , '' said i. `` yes , an accident , '' gastgedal echoed , rising in excitement . 
 `` an unfortunate accident . '' 
 `` unfortunate ! '' 
 `` what are you saying ? '' 
 begietan blustered , not understanding at all . 
 `` of course an accident might happen . 
 what of it ? '' 
 `` those of us who have worked the quarries know their secrets , '' i pushed my chips into the pot . 
 `` the inner chambers , the passageways cut to reach veins of crystal . 
 they twist and turn , breach ceilings and floors , and lead out to places one might not expect . '' 
 i stared knowingly at him . 
 `` one might not expect , '' gastgedal echoed . 
 `` what are you saying ? '' 
 begietan demanded , not brash now but in the manner of demanding a confidence . 
 i glanced at the crew following begietan about . 
 `` they have no part in this . '' 
 begietan sneered at one of them and barked , `` get away . '' 
 the men looked only too happy to obey . 
 `` i could make my way to fulwiht 's cell , not through the front where the guard stands , but from the rear , '' i continued . 
 `` and then what ? '' 
 begietan refused to explore his head . 
 `` an accident might befall him . 
 and you 'd escape blame . '' 
 `` i get it . 
 you people have a bit of brain after all . 
 do it tonight ! 
 i 'll not have another day of his braying at me ! '' 
 and he made as if to leave . 
 `` not so fast , not so fast ! '' 
 i protested , knowing full well i completely controlled him now . 
 `` i 'm no murderer , '' and indeed at that moment i thought not , `` but i will lead your men to fulwiht . 
 give me your two most vicious bastards . '' 
 `` i ca n't get them now , '' he complained , glancing at the boar 's brew . 
 `` there 's no rush . 
 we 'll need your indifference at the cell door anyway , to say nothing of the daylight . 
 torches would suffocate us in the tunnels . 
 just have the men here in the morning . '' 
 `` will you be here ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i 'll be right there , '' i cashed my ticket and pointed to the street . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` what is it worth to you to be rid of fulwiht ? 
 to escape your onerous guarding of him , to quiet his railing ? '' 
 `` i see . 
 what is your price ? '' 
 he replied , businesslike . 
 `` gold ? 
 fruits of the garden ? 
 what ? '' 
 `` i require a bottle . 
 now . '' 
 `` a bottle , '' gastgedal agreed . 
 `` and one for my friend here , '' i continued . 
 begietan roared with laughter , and indeed was i a joke . 
 `` very well , '' he cackled , `` a bargain well struck . 
 bottles you will have , my good gentlemen , and i 'll deliver the men to you in the morning . '' 
 `` i 'll be right here , '' i said , indicating again the gutter , and so i was . 
 begietan arrived early with his two ruffians , made more welcome by my fuzzy perception . 
 they were men i 'd never met before but knew by reputation , as surly and low as i could imagine . 
 begietan ran ahead to take up his post at the jail 's gate , while the rest of us followed leisurely . 
 gastgedal kept close behind me , talking all the way to the quarries . 
 `` you are a man after my own heart , '' he beamed . 
 `` never did i truly believe you would turn to such things . 
 always did i have to cajole you , but now you lead me ! 
 what a triumph , to see you taking up your own cause , taking such great lengths for even the most simple fleshly pleasure ! 
 casting the highest price upon a fleeting sensation ! 
 you surprise me , i must say , in the most pleasant way . '' 
 `` stay with me , and you may see more , '' i said grimly . 
 `` a man 's man ! 
 take nothing from anyone , take everything from everyone ! 
 begietan ca n't tell you what to do , my son , nor either domen ! 
 you follow your own ways . 
 i have taught you well , i see -- all the more praise for myself . 
 when this business is done , we must wrangle a wench and bottle to celebrate . 
 for only more hedonism can satisfy the hunger of past indulgence . 
 the emptiness must be filled again ! '' 
 and so it went all the way to my old workplace . 
 i know of a number of little tunnels that joined one chamber of dug rock to another at the quarries . 
 all i needed was to see what section begietan guarded to know which secret passage would lead to fulwiht 's cell . 
 being of slight frame , i had no trouble squeezing through the tight and twisting shafts , nor either gastgedal , but the more burly thugs of begietan 's choosing had quite a more difficult time , and let me know so . 
 the cool rock , made clammy by seeping water , scraped at our chins and elbows as we crept along . 
 before long we could hear the watchman 's railing voice resonate in our tunnel . 
 `` shut up ! '' 
 begietan bellowed at him . 
 slowly i emerged from the tunnel 's opening , like being birthed from the stone ceiling . 
 though well back in the shadows , the scuffling noise we made drew fulwiht 's attention , quieting his diatribe . 
 he said nothing to us ; begietan stood with his back to the door as if he were fascinated by something on the horizon . 
 i kept back , shrouded by darkness , glaring under a bowed brow ; gastgedal stayed with me , giddy . 
 the two assassins picked up loose rocks , hefty and sharp , and menacingly approached fulwiht . 
 in his eyes i saw understanding , but no fear . 
 he cast his gaze upon me . 
 `` give in now . 
 you can not prevail , '' he said , the words sounding like footsteps upon a gravel road . 
 considering a man 's violent end , even planning it , takes no candle to seeing it done before one 's own face . 
 the next noise i heard was the dull thud , and sharp crack , of a heavy object caving in a skull . 
 sounds of blows struck and human groaning hung in the air , the smell of fresh meat filling my nostrils . 
 for one second i flinched as if to intervene for the man , but stopped -- thus i would only share in his fate . 
 my designs turned back upon me . 
 my stomach knotted upon itself as blood oozed upon the stone . 
 the stone , the stone . 
 lord , the king 's watchman ! 
 the king 's watchman ! 
 why did i ? 
 gastgedal lurked against the back wall with me as life drained out upon the floor . 
 our deed complete , we retreated without a word the same way we 'd come . 
 exiting the tunnels , each went his own way , except my shadow , the leech sucking at my veins . 
 `` the greatest power a man has over another is to take his life , '' gastgedal counseled me . 
 `` the greatest over his own to save it . 
 this one does n't matter -- his king is dead . 
 take the new ways of the island to yourself . 
 cling to them , for there lies happiness . 
 you are a man of the new feallengod now . 
 you are a man of the new regime . '' 
 begietan told domen that a fault in the ceiling gave way and had fallen in upon fulwiht , crushing him under the bloody stones , and pointed to domen 's unbroken seal upon the gate . 
 i do n't know if domen so believed , but he seemed pleased either way . 
 the battered head was removed from fulwiht 's body and mounted upon a pole at domen 's lair , a sign of things to come . 
 `` tell me , what should i believe now ? '' 
 beorn asked . 
 `` would ecealdor send these men just for butchering ? 
 would he not defend them , or avenge them ? 
 if his designs lead to his return , would n't he best come now ? 
 perhaps he has given up notice of feallengod now . 
 perhaps he does n't sit in gægnian . '' 
 `` beorn , you have never uttered such things . 
 you have always believed . '' 
 `` my belief stinks of vanity , and now it lies dead , cwen . 
 i have seen too much of human nature , the failure of basic decency . 
 worse still , i see it in myself . 
 how could a good king allow what has happened ? 
 how could he disregard me , after i sought him so ? 
 by stone , my faith has just died . '' 
 `` husband , '' cwen grasped his hand , her eyes moist and troubled . 
 the comforts of her heart had wavered many times before , but she always instead could fall upon beorn 's hope . 
 this sudden doubt shook her badly . 
 all this time she truly had thought the family had done the best thing ; her surprise came from finally hearing beorn . 
 now she could see her family 's division over the orchards had opened a gulf between husband and wife , son among son . 
 without thinking , she reached for the gold medallion that hung about her neck . 
 `` if you can not believe , how can i ? '' 
 `` i do n't ask you to , cwen . 
 not anymore . 
 but i do know this : feallengod needs a law . 
 the law of ecealdor has left us forever , lost to olden history . 
 if ecealdor will not lead us , we 'd better find someone who will . 
 we need a king upon the land . '' 
 and he pulled himself up from his chair . 
 `` what will you do ? '' 
 asked cwen . 
 `` i will go to domen . '' 
 outside the hovel , under the open window , the man-child hatan sat and silently wept . 
 the breeze played lightly with his hair and dried his tears . 
 beorn left for the forests where the islanders thought domen dwelt . 
 he had often spied begietan , the first-born he had raised from a babe but had never truly known , hiking with his bow and long staff toward that part of the island . 
 he wondered now if he shared not more with his spawn than ever before , and that thought did not cheer him . 
 beorn let his suspicions guide him . 
 as he tramped along the paths and the bracken , he marveled at how the island stayed constant even as human events changed so drastically . 
 the lay of the land , inspiring in its beauty , still matched the years of his boyhood , streams gurgling around mossy rocks , gently rolling hillocks playing hide-and-seek with the ocean waves in the distance . 
 the plants and animals remained as they had for generations of memory ; some died each year , but others came forth and grew to be just like those that went before . 
 even the people , these people now busily tearing at each other 's hearts , even they appeared the same as when they had been given feallengod . 
 beorn longed for a time , past or future , when he could enjoy the good things of the land without the constant conflict of right and wrong , leading him only to the conclusion to consider nothing good . 
 and yet one day slipped by the same as the next to the midday sun . 
 its burning face , harsh in its disclosures , never failing in its same track from morning to night , from horizon to high in the heavens and descending again , seeing all but saying nothing . 
 golden fruit hung among silver leaves . 
 the sun 's beams filtered through the skylight and into the inner chamber . 
 king ecealdor took up one of the great scrolls : `` upon this day do your eyes rejoice in the fullness of truth . '' 
 the door echoed a quiet tapping , and then silence . 
 ecealdor arose from his studies and exited the inner chamber . 
 at the door he opened to secanbearn . 
 `` he arrives , '' she said , shielding her eyes . 
 `` yes , as well the time . 
 he needs not hesitate to enter . '' 
 together they walked the deep hallways and into an antechamber off a huge library , walls lined with ornate carvings , shelves upon shelves of musty , ancient books , rows of deep pillows upon the floor . 
 in the midst stood a young man , magnificent in bearing , dressed softly , his hair shining as if radiating light . 
 `` coren , joy can not flow so great , to embrace you again . '' 
 ecealdor wrapped the young man in long , robed arms . 
 `` honor and glory to you , king ecealdor , '' he replied . 
 `` and may you rise most blessed among all women , '' he added with a nod to secanbearn . 
 she smiled warmly and touched her chest , but said nothing . 
 `` coren , the people of feallengod rebel against gægnian . 
 iron grows into their sinews , and they no longer follow the law . 
 they claim the island as their own , to fight over and possess unto themselves . 
 many watchmen have i sent to feallengod , to warn them from their fallen ways , but to no avail . 
 they will not join us . 
 domen withstood bregdan , he withstood all the others , and my people gladly cause them abuse and slaughter . 
 add now fulwiht . 
 the people have become altogether corrupt and defiant , and i have shown them their error . 
 i have demonstrated their rebellion ; they have not revered my servants . 
 the time arrives to pour it out completely . '' 
 `` i go at your bidding , father . '' 
 `` come , coren , come and sit at my right hand . '' 
 the king and his son reclined into matching chairs , richly polished and lushly upholstered . 
 a huge , dark figure , perhaps no more than a shadow tinged red , loomed silently behind . 
 secanbearn knelt before them upon a pillow . 
 coren draped his cloak over her legs for her warmth and comfort , as a servant stirred angry , glowing coals in the massive fireplace , sparks flying upward within the library . 
 `` this appointed day you depart for feallengod , coren , '' began ecealdor . 
 `` the time comes to defeat domen , but sweet sacrifice must claim its price . 
 you are my son , the royal seed of gægnian . 
 you endure my beloved son , the apple of my eye . 
 all of feallengod knows , for so we spoke to establish them , and yet many will not listen . '' 
 `` yes , when i arrive , i know they will receive me as a stranger , even these people i love as one loves his brothers , '' said coren . 
 `` i could send you with legions of soldiers , with a fleet of ships , and in great royal splendor , but not so . 
 force and majesty may turn their cheeks , but not their hearts ; they must return through love . '' 
 `` yes , we must remain patient with them . 
 they wander like a flock ranging in a field , with no tender guidance . '' 
 `` you can not go in your royal office . 
 you must appear as one of them , so they will know you by the truth of your words rather than the glory of your raiment . 
 you must go as one of them , so you can represent them to me , to plead their favor . 
 they must know that you have come to uplift them , not beat them down . '' 
 `` yes , i will lay humility upon my head for a time for their sakes . 
 i will be servant to them , proving to them the heart of their king . '' 
 `` many of them follow domen , some willingly , many blindly . 
 they will take counsel to set themselves against you and me . 
 many will hate you for the same reason that some will love you . 
 even those whom i have blessed greatly , those who sit in the gate , will speak against you . 
 you must draw them back to me by their love , but love to come from you . 
 it will arise from no other source . '' 
 `` yes , i know many will lift their fists against me , but with the king 's hand upon me , what man of feallengod can do me harm ? 
 i will declare your message to my brothers and sisters in the land . 
 let the people judge whether they hear , '' said coren . 
 `` danger will bear down upon you from the moment you arrive , '' said ecealdor . 
 `` yes , i have known these many days that trouble draws near upon feallengod , with none to help . 
 all your watchmen you have sent , and not one escaped unscathed . 
 i expect nothing less . '' 
 `` some would require your life of you . '' 
 `` yes . 
 we will see if they succeed . 
 i will lay down my life before them , but perhaps they can take it up , and perhaps they ca n't . 
 regardless , i must undertake this mission to feallengod . 
 it bears the promise of the king 's purposes , wonderful in their wisdom . '' 
 `` i must inflict this upon you . '' 
 `` at your pleasure , my lord . '' 
 secanbearn 's tears welled upon the desperation of the matter . 
 ecealdor and his son spoke words lightly dancing at the likelihood of death , as though arranging details of an obligation long settled , but in secanbearn 's heart a tempest of fear and anguish raged . 
 cruelty had shot roots deep into the hearts of feallengod , and she knew the fate of the king 's watchmen only winked at the malice that might await his son . 
 the license declared in rebellion would crystallize with the end of the sovereign 's seed . 
 as she sat at their feet , her mind fell upon days long past , spent watching coren 's ways as a small boy . 
 at last she buried her face in his cloak and sobbed . 
 `` secanbearn , take comfort . 
 my enemies can not triumph over me , '' said coren . 
 `` i trust in your word , my lord . 
 but i can not see the future . 
 i am afraid , still i am afraid , '' secanbearn replied , clasping her fingers together , one hand behind the other , palms facing her chest . 
 `` i fear for the people of feallengod ; how they have gone astray ! 
 i fear for you , and the suffering that surely awaits should you fall into domen 's hands . '' 
 her breasts heaved with each convulsing breath . 
 `` future is past is present . 
 domen will do his best . 
 he may wound me , but his blows will amount to nothing . 
 when he thinks he has won , i will deliver a dreadful gash upon the dominion he so desires , '' said coren . 
 `` child , submit your heart to peace , '' ecealdor comforted secanbearn , and he knelt beside her , laying his hands upon her shoulders . 
 `` come , lift up your head . 
 kiss coren , my son -- so he will know the assurance of your love . '' 
 ecealdor pulled her to her feet , and she embraced coren , wetting his neck with her tears and kisses . 
 she rested her head upon his shoulder as the three left the library . 
 down the long hall , lit with flickering candlelight , they walked together , speaking softly of what lay ahead and behind , until they strolled through the doors , out of the palace and into the brilliant , streaming sunlight of gægnian . 
 in the darkness drawn over feallengod , beorn strained to see into the dense forest . 
 i strained to not see , to forget what i had witnessed . 
 the heavy cover of the leaves overhead allowed entry to almost no light , and there i hid , only gastgedal and my drunkenness knowing . 
 i stubbornly maintained i had not asked to take part in these events ; some being thrust them upon my nightmares . 
 the woods stood deathly quiet , no sound of animals , nor birds , nor insects , nor even babbling water . 
 only beorn 's approaching footsteps on the dried leaves and branches could i hear as he stumbled near . 
 soon his mind and eyes , disoriented and lost , swirled in confusion . 
 branches battered at beorn 's head and shoulders from above , as he vainly struck back against their taunting . 
 he stumbled over limbs , fallen long ago , lunging at him like striking snakes . 
 every knoll and hollow lay in wait , concealed by the carpet of leaves and undergrowth , a trap for his faltering steps . 
 eyes peering at his frightened countenance and into his mind -- more than once he turned about in a panic , seeking the presence he surely felt at his back . 
 the trees ' pointing fingers overhead accused him . 
 he tried to recall the passing events that had brought him to this place , but he no longer could sort out his churning judgments and the reasons behind them . 
 `` feallengod has died , '' beorn thought , `` no longer do i live in the homeland i loved . 
 feallengod becomes some nightmarish land of exile for me . '' 
 at length he staggered near to me , half buried under debris , and tripped over my inert feet , without knowing , and so there i was to become guardian of his secret . 
 upon the ground he heard the muted gurgle of a small stream , and his hands felt for the wetness , resigned that mere survival was all the land left to him , the best he could hope for . 
 he pushed aside some rotting leaves , knees sinking in muck , and scooped a little of the water with his hand to drink . 
 as he genuflected by the flow , beorn remembered a feallengod of long ago , and a tear gave itself to the stream . 
 there in the gloom stood domen . 
 `` do you tire of sitting in the gate , beorn feohtan ? 
 do you prefer the mud now , man of feallengod , or do you seek me out ? '' 
 his face glowed with derision , his voice crowing , proving well enough that domen no longer pursued beorn , but rather took final hold of him . 
 `` i do , '' replied beorn forlornly . 
 `` will you follow me then ? '' 
 `` i will . '' 
 `` do you swear ? '' 
 `` i do . '' 
 `` now sing your adoration to ecealdor , fool of feallengod ! '' 
 chapter xi the dark silence reigned , save the crickets ' well-rehearsed chorus , so blanketing the night that it hardly existed at all . 
 the days had seemed to merge into sameness , even the calendars of nature only adding to the tedium . 
 one breath draws no differently than the next . 
 as each of the king 's watchmen had come and gone , their words sank into a meaningless tide , sometimes in , sometimes out , always identical . 
 i tried to trudge on as ever , turning each vain morning into vain evening , and think not of that day in the quarries . 
 at times i saw the scene as if in a dream , overlooking the horror as if someone distant , but always awaking as myself still . 
 i had seen it , caused it to happen , i could n't escape it . 
 i found consolation in some sort of unreality , and therefore i took yet more aid from my drink as often as finances allowed , which also would serve to shut up gastgedal for a time . 
 i felt like i was rotting from inside . 
 finally this day i fully reaped the harvest of my sodden therapy . 
 i rested fitfully in the grasp of clammy perspiration , too engrossed with shaking to move from my cobblestone sickbed . 
 my eyes hazily stared into the sky , not really seeing any more distant than the end of my nose , or perhaps the dark side of my eyelids . 
 my goal was either survive the night or curse the morning . 
 so weary i grew of this glove i wear ; surely i came forth for more than this mortal frailty . 
 certainly there dwells something better in me than the appetites that insist upon my eyes and hands . 
 in delirium my mind grew more clear : i despaired that i would never know , until the day i cast off the fleshy shackles . 
 that day appeared to creep ever closer . 
 the demons made sport of me , regularly racking my body with some new spasm . 
 beyond the reaches of my distraction , directly overhead , a speck of light i had never before noticed burned bright , brighter than the twinkling points of the constellations of old . 
 it grew and ebbed in my sight , disappearing into blur , then returning to pinpoint sharpness , until finally stabbing my brain right through . 
 or did the wretchedness of my body simply take liberties with my mind , showing me visions of no existence ? 
 i did not wonder then , nor now . 
 all the elements conspired to lay me low . 
 that night found domen sitting upon the walls bordering the orchards . 
 `` master domen , '' a voice cackled behind him . 
 domen turned to see a fawning smile upon a shriveled man . 
 he struck a withdrawn pose , his hands together in prayerful attitude , and his body shook more nervously than even my own feverish cadaver . 
 layers upon layers of tattered clothing hung upon his drawn frame , as though just one more piece would at last warm the cold or cover his nakedness . 
 his tiny eyes , whiskered jowls and odd nose strangely recalled the bristling expression of a pig . 
 vaguely familiar in face , domen did not know him as a man of feallengod . 
 `` what do you claim to be ? '' 
 his foul mood wasted no time . 
 `` fela i am called . 
 remember ? 
 master domen ? '' 
 `` no -- nor either do i care . 
 had i ever known you , i regret it now . 
 go crawl back under your rock , you sorry bug . '' 
 the figure hunched and simpered , vile to look at , yet drawing a morbid fascination . 
 the man rubbed his hands together , looked about warily and shifted his weight uneasily from foot to foot . 
 his voice and manner teetered on the verge of panic . 
 `` fela , call me . 
 with you that day . 
 fled away . '' 
 `` what day ? '' 
 `` that day . 
 gægnian . 
 day of freedom , you say . '' 
 `` you -- come from gægnian ? '' 
 said domen , beginning to recall ; but surely this creature could never have belonged in the king 's courts . 
 `` we did not know you as fela . '' 
 `` no . 
 forget name , king 's name , '' he said , with a look of alarm . 
 `` have forgotten much . 
 remember that day . '' 
 the day of freedom -- when fully one-third of gægnian 's citizenry had been cast into one prison or another . 
 that day grated upon domen 's memory as well . 
 so many times he had relived those events , but never giving any thought to the pawns sucked into his frustrated plot . 
 always he had dwelt only upon his own fate and ecealdor 's cursed , cursed calm . 
 `` i stood with you . 
 in the halls . 
 king 's guard ! 
 oh , terror , terror . 
 some ran away . 
 pretend to be of them ! 
 then escape . '' 
 `` you ran away ? '' 
 domen frowned . 
 `` i escape . '' 
 `` the king sent you into banishment ? '' 
 `` got away . 
 those caught now deep in dungeons . 
 many in dungeons . 
 some got away . 
 the king knows ! 
 the king knows ! 
 i ran , had to run . 
 follow you , master domen . 
 wait upon you . '' 
 wisps of hair floated upon the wind with no direction , words gurgling between gapped teeth . 
 `` waited for what purpose ? 
 i have no use for you , except to grind you under my heel . '' 
 `` waited for you , lord . 
 always knew . 
 knew you 'd rise up . 
 need me . 
 needed fela then , need fela now . 
 so wait . '' 
 he shifted from one foot to the other , and back again . 
 `` you 're mistaken . 
 i do n't need you . 
 you made yourself a curse to me then , even more so now . 
 get out of my sight , '' domen spewed anger . 
 he had lost no vindictive for fela nor any of the others who had failed him in gægnian , tools broken in his hand . 
 for their failure he languished upon feallengod . 
 `` still with you . 
 what have you for me , master domen ? '' 
 `` nothing ! 
 begone ! '' 
 domen growled at him . 
 `` what have you for me ? 
 have for us to do ? 
 what work should i ? 
 what reward for me ? 
 what place for us in kingdom ? 
 what place in feallengod ? '' 
 fela 's excitement became increasingly aroused as he ran through his pleadings , not waiting for answers . 
 thoroughly incensed now , domen 's temper exploded . 
 `` begone , before i cast you into heofon ! '' 
 he slung a fist-sized rock , catching fela squarely on the chest . 
 the blow felled him , racking his body with yet greater tremors , but fela did not relent . 
 `` with you , master domen , '' he croaked . 
 `` what part me kingdom ? 
 what power me ? '' 
 `` i 'll share no greatness with you nor anyone ! 
 out of my presence , you cowering , disgusting tick ! '' 
 dawn began to break , and domen left the wall to strike out in the direction of the deep forests , trying to leave fela behind . 
 but fela would not give , following a wise distance behind domen , continuing in a sing-song manner , `` master domen , what have you ? 
 for me , for me ? 
 what for us ? '' 
 domen 's fingers clawed the ground for more stones . 
 he made a few more throws at fela , but his aim failed him against the dancing troll . 
 fela continued , singing and shaking , singing and shaking , `` with you , master domen . 
 what for me ? 
 what for us ? '' 
 this monologue endured the entire way to the forest lands , until domen could stand no more . 
 he would say anything to rid himself of this nattering shadow . 
 `` go then , go into the town , curse your soul , and rot there ! 
 go find another to torment ! 
 stir trouble elsewhere -- i care not where , nor what , just get away from me -- now -- or i 'll beat you into the ground ! '' 
 he lunged toward fela , who jigged nimbly out of his way . 
 `` yes , master domen , i do as you wish . 
 do as i wish . 
 do as we wish ... '' said fela , and his voice faded from domen 's hearing as he scurried back toward the orchards and the community , a plume of dust and pebbles left in his wake . 
 did the spirits again turn traitor upon me ? 
 did my sickness fall upon me first , or fela ? 
 yet do i not know . 
 surely he among many stepped over me in the street , his ragged breeches touching my waning body with putrid caress . 
 what injurious favor did he infect into my flesh ? 
 with what mastery could he have anointed me , to follow my own ends so doggishly , and fall blind to the king at this moment ? 
 i can blame no one , not even the mosquito of ecealdor 's enemies , this fela ; i alone carry the burden of my defiance . 
 but even still there passed another . 
 as domen approached the forest , in a little hollow where the landscape bowed to the woods ' edge and offered a glimpse of the ocean heofon , he noticed a sailing ship at anchor some distance off the western coast . 
 a lone banner fluttered from its rigging . 
 sandy beaches dressed the coastline , and no inlet would allow a large vessel to put in ; the island 's docks lay far away on the eastern side . 
 domen paused to peer sharply at the curious activity : a small skiff took off from the ship and made for shore , two men rowing and a third sitting in front , grasping a long staff . 
 a solitary pelican flew across the bow . 
 `` he comes for one purpose , '' domen grimaced as he escaped into his dusky glade . 
 coren stepped off the boat , and the beach gave witness to his presence upon feallengod . 
 a cloak draped his shoulders and simple peasant 's garb , a belt winding around the waist , a heavily laden sack slung over his shoulder . 
 in his hand he bore the simple wooden staff of the island . 
 his sandals left deep , soft scars in the white sand , healed by the warm touch of the waters . 
 one of the men manning the oars wiped the sweat from his brow with his forearm , further shading his eyes as he looked up to coren . 
 `` my lord , would you have us come with you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` grave danger lies in wait here . '' 
 `` no , you must return to the ship and set out for gægnian , '' replied coren . 
 `` you need not be troubled . 
 i must enter into the work of my father . '' 
 though he had never set foot upon feallengod before , the expanse of land seemed familiar to coren . 
 a sudden shower had broken the early heat and left a musky fragrance hanging in the air , filling his senses as he stepped to his mission . 
 as he trekked toward the community , he remembered his father 's tales of the tall forests and rising mountains , and his staff gave aid to his gait . 
 wading through four rivers , he recalled stories of the pure waters and the life they endowed upon the lush greenery . 
 such a bountiful gift had feallengod been to this people . 
 i had no thought of the island 's inhabitants in those hours , nor knowledge of events soon to transpire at the outskirts of the community . 
 i lay in the street groaning against the dawn , as was my plan . 
 with thoughts of pilfering an apple or pear , i lurched to my elbows , but then fell back into hazy darkness . 
 barely did i see gastgedal puking upon his hands and knees . 
 my brain wafted into a dream or vision , something only on the verge of reality . 
 i saw a figure , a shadow hard against the sun . 
 slight trails of water streamed around my shoulders , my shirt saturated by drainage and sweat . 
 a hand upon my forehead , first cool , then quickly warm , and then strong under my neck . 
 i felt my head drop suddenly back ; as i struggled to lift and see , my mind only rolled about feebly and left me . 
 my legs wagged from the knees as if i myself walked . 
 what time passed , i can only guess . 
 some minutes or days later i awoke lying deep in soft mattresses and warm coverlets . 
 `` you are paid through the week , '' the woman gruffly declared as she banged about the room . 
 `` then you are out . '' 
 from that day i foreswore the bottle , never again to crawl into its comforts . 
 no gaining of wisdom inspired this decision , no wonderful reasoning borne of the advancing years , but merely the aging of my entrails -- i could n't do it anymore . 
 the memory of my body 's suffering served to make me long for sobriety , in liver if not mind . 
 greatly did gastgedal complain against me for this rehabilitation in days to come , and i confess , at times i would surrender , only to swear off again . 
 it mattered not either way -- my will to stand upright was no match for its sister , the spirit of rebellion . 
 throwing off numbness , instead i put on false bravado to cover the conviction of my guilt . 
 violence doubled up upon violence . 
 yes , even in the face of his protests , i found ways to bind ever closer to gastgedal . 
 as coren crossed over into the orchards , he knew to look for their succulent fruits . 
 in this one thing did the island disappoint him , for his eye met only an ill-kept field of weeds choking out crops , and vines with twisted branches of dead wood . 
 within the walls a single young man , dressed only in linen trousers , slowly worked a small patch of ground . 
 `` good fellow , '' coren addressed him . 
 `` why do you toil alone this morning ? '' 
 `` my father and brother have abandoned their labor , '' he did not look up . 
 `` to tend the orchards requires too much work for me alone . 
 i can not produce a crop because birds and blight attack the trees , thorns and thistles tear at my hands and feet , and the fruit that does come i can not save from thieves . 
 the orchards carry a curse . '' 
 though the youth detected a hauntingly aromatic fragrance in the air , still he did not lift his head from his tilling . 
 coren pulled a handful of seed from his sack and cast them to the ground . 
 `` plow them deep , dig around the roots , and this patch will again bear fruit unto you . 
 i have come to set things right , hatan . 
 i am coren . '' 
 hatan dropped his hands . 
 looking up at last , squinting into the sun , his face at first betrayed disbelief but suddenly sprang into genuine delight . 
 `` i know that name . 
 it is no name of feallengod -- you are son of the king . '' 
 he threw down the hoe and snatched up his shirt , to cover his naked torso . 
 `` just as you say . '' 
 `` but where lie your royal courtiers ? 
 where have you left the power of your office ? '' 
 `` today i arrive as one of you , a simple walker of feallengod . 
 a day comes when i will ride a war horse . '' 
 hatan threw up his hands . 
 `` at last , at last ! 
 why have you waited so distant for so long ? 
 feallengod saved at last ! 
 the people must listen to you ! 
 feallengod must return its heart to the king now ! 
 he sends his son ! '' 
 after months lying in ruins , hatan 's spirit exulted . 
 coren smiled . 
 `` well you wonder , son of the soil ; one day your questions will find satisfaction . 
 even now you see much and understand more ; but tell no one of this for now , '' he said . 
 `` first i must face domen . 
 then we will bring our message to the people of feallengod ; lay aside your tools , and join me . '' 
 `` you will find domen in the wilds , the darkest part of the forests . '' 
 hatan struggled with his shirt as he hastened at the buttons . 
 `` i will follow you , but not there . '' 
 `` well spoken . 
 your tender age has not cheated you of wisdom . 
 indeed , where i go , you can not follow ; and yet you must in your own time . 
 my task i face alone , but later i will need you , and require of you . '' 
 `` i will wait for you here . '' 
 `` good day to you then , hatan feohtan . 
 i will come to you again . '' 
 coren continued his way , turning off beorn 's lorn path and toward the forests . 
 this land was like a jewel to his father 's eye , like a delicate diorama set within a golden box . 
 coren fully understood now why the king so deeply loved the people , even in their fallen ways . 
 in the forests he declared himself . 
 the very woods that had closed in on beorn in his despair appeared to open wide a way for coren . 
 `` domen ! '' 
 he called loudly . 
 `` i am prince coren , come for you . 
 show yourself . '' 
 `` i have seen you , '' domen 's voice crawled from the shadows . 
 `` i will reclaim the people of feallengod for the king . '' 
 coren did not turn toward the voice , and domen circled about from a thicket to face him . 
 in his hand he bore a battered sword . 
 coren 's staff cut the air with a flash , swift and sudden as domen 's flinching , and the blade flew from his hand . 
 coren stood before him placidly . 
 `` your desire will lead you not to kill me , but only to serve . '' 
 `` i serve nobody , '' said domen , shaken . 
 `` make straight your path , domen . 
 dare you challenge the king ? 
 dare you truly , to challenge the heir ? '' 
 `` i am prince of the island -- so has he said . '' 
 `` that one thing you believe from the king 's mouth , but nothing else . 
 a lord has many lords beneath him , and they answer to him , and serve at his beckoning . '' 
 `` i serve nobody , '' domen 's clinched teeth repeated . 
 `` no ? '' 
 domen fell to silent rage . 
 `` indeed ecealdor makes you prince of the island , but not slave master to the people . 
 they belong not to you , and as many as will come i will reclaim for ecealdor . '' 
 `` as many as wo n't , i will destroy , '' retorted domen . 
 `` and they wo n't . 
 they descend into their last chance ; otherwise , ecealdor would n't send his precious son . '' 
 `` you will not appoint a last chance to these people . 
 i come for neither end nor beginning , but only according to my father 's time . 
 his judgment remains his deciding . 
 you will not displace my father . '' 
 `` i will be just as he is . '' 
 `` you will be neither just as he is , nor just , as he is . '' 
 domen snarled at the proverb . 
 `` perhaps i failed to understand ; perhaps this will be your last chance . 
 the people follow only me now , they serve me and nobody else . 
 join me , and i will give you part of their loyalty , you long for it so . 
 i will give you reign over feallengod , a more tempting offer than death , you must agree . '' 
 `` i will serve the king only . 
 best you also , and his heir . '' 
 `` i will rule as king of feallengod , '' insisted domen . 
 `` but i can give you dominion over the people , and all the glory of the land . 
 certainly you saw the beauty of the island as you came from the sea . 
 your feet trod the soil -- make it your own ! 
 claim your right as firstborn ! 
 i can give authority to whomever i will , if you will follow me . '' 
 `` i abide in the high palaces of gægnian , '' replied coren . 
 `` do i covet feallengod ? 
 does this island not already lay within the greater kingdom ? 
 i will follow the king only . 
 you too must obey . '' 
 `` the king ! 
 how can you remain faithful after he sends you to this miserable lump of clay ? 
 look about you , as you are utterly alone ! 
 no regal appointments here for your fine , royal head ! 
 no home , no fire , no comforts of any kind ! 
 not even a simple servant to see to you here . 
 the king has abandoned you , exiled you ! 
 he has even removed your princely robes . 
 you 're no better off here than i. '' `` yes , consider yourself , domen : cast upon feallengod , stripped of your greatness as penalty for your crimes . 
 but i have chosen to take on my humility . 
 i willingly make myself as common as my subjects , in order to win their love . 
 my glory remains for me to take up again . '' 
 `` prattle ! '' 
 spat domen . 
 `` your humble grace will do no good upon feallengod . 
 my island chews up the humble and spits them out . 
 your humility will gain you only exhaustion and hunger among a selfish people . 
 and yet you sojourn with nothing , not so much as a crust of bread ! 
 the king certainly takes good care of his one beloved son . '' 
 `` i will suffer weariness and hunger , indeed , but life flows over from more than food and rest . 
 if the people of feallengod had remembered that truth , they would not have fallen away from ecealdor . 
 they would have remembered to give in every way just as they have received . 
 the truth of life abounds in his law . '' 
 `` your law means nothing to me . '' 
 `` nor did ecealdor grant it you . '' 
 `` the king 's law lies as dead as its own stone carvings , '' said domen . 
 `` even a rotten loaf can at least sustain maggots . 
 unless you can change a stone into bread , the law will not keep even a starving roach alive . '' 
 `` you have forgotten much , domen , '' said coren . 
 `` i need not change a stone to bread ; the law needs change stone into hearts , beating with kindness . 
 clinched fists must open up into caressing hands , and gnashing teeth soften into warm smiles . 
 your cursings have hardened many here upon feallengod . 
 my work will declare ecealdor 's law , to show that these stones can bleed tenderly again . '' 
 `` you wax eloquent , coren , but talk does n't fill an empty stomach . 
 do as i say , and i 'll present you a banquet that will leave you fat with merriment . '' 
 `` i will obey the king only , '' coren again said . 
 `` see to your own duty . '' 
 domen tried a third time . 
 `` do i waste my breath ? 
 i just want you to see ! 
 your misguided loyalty to ecealdor endangers all of gægnian . 
 do you not know what lies at stake ? 
 can you not see how you break the king 's heart ? 
 you 're his only son -- coren -- he loves you above all else in his kingdom . 
 what if something happened to you ? 
 peril stalks behind every tree upon feallengod -- what horrid fate might befall you here ? 
 you 're the last of the royal bloodline . '' 
 `` ecealdor 's love extends beyond me , a love woven as one piece , as a covering for many . 
 the king 's love reaches even to the depths of sacrifice . '' 
 `` if my men were to lay hold of you here upon feallengod , the king would send legions for your rescue , '' domen said . 
 `` you fill up with deceit , and you spawn nothing but lies . 
 my father sends me not to bring judgment upon the people , though you may tremble . 
 i have come to offer them covenant with the king . 
 do not think you can test the king nor know his designs , for in seeing you do not know , and in knowing you do not believe , '' said coren . 
 `` do you say then that were your life to come into danger , ecealdor would not move to save you ? '' 
 asked domen . 
 he knew the fullness of his future lay in the answer . 
 `` you see me alone . 
 you see me as a simple man . 
 you see me unarmed . 
 if you desire my life , with what can i defend it ? '' 
 `` then you make the challenge , '' grinned domen . 
 `` the love of your king against the power of my multitudes . 
 who do you say will claim the prize ? '' 
 `` the fool surely turns back upon the pit he has dug , '' replied coren . 
 `` as for me , i will obey the king only . '' 
 coren looked to the skies . 
 through the dense foliage overhead winked brilliant points of light glowing from an orange sun -- soon the brightness of the afternoon would fade . 
 he turned his face toward domen and addressed him a final time . 
 `` i must work while light reveals the way , for darkness soon falls throughout feallengod . '' 
 chapter xii the poets of my homeland say the chill winds of autumn drive the color from a man 's soul and into his cheeks . 
 no longer so enslaved to the bottle , suddenly able to apply reason to the way i had long lived , i solved all mysteries . 
 i saw the truth plainly now , and as well the hearts of the community . 
 as time passed , the hazy act of kindness rescuing me would quickly fall into a well of forgetfulness , no clearer to me than my deliverer 's face . 
 had i not rescued myself from the grip of the fermented fruit ? 
 had i not reclaimed my own seasons ? 
 true , i might drink the dregs could i find them , but spirits no longer reigned over me . 
 even the pleadings of gastgedal could not move me . 
 i would rule myself , and leave the foolishness of the island 's control to others . 
 ecealdor or domen mattered not to me -- neither could mete any effect upon me , my own lord . 
 fool ! 
 such stupidity reserves itself only for the most arrogantly enlightened . 
 not as discerning as i , hatan , impetuous , immediately forgot his promise to remain watching for coren in the orchards . 
 giving up on his day 's work as hopeless anyway , he cast aside his implements and ran to the community . 
 even to his young eyes , darkness and misery had swallowed up the recent weeks upon feallengod , robbing from him as well any desire to run anywhere . 
 at this moment , however , he found he could not sprint fast enough . 
 he leapt like a deer and whooped at the top of his voice , his legs churning beneath him . 
 his arms reached high , palms open to the heavens , the wind slipping exuberantly through his fingers . 
 his father ! 
 he must know ! 
 an urgent desire ignited to set his father 's doubts to rest . 
 beorn 's words heard outside the open window nights before had burned in hatan 's ears , but now they washed away with cooling water . 
 he had seen the son of the king ! 
 who could now reckon ecealdor distant and uncaring ? 
 he sent his own son ! 
 the breeze in hatan 's face blew clear the dejection that had hung upon his mind like shackles . 
 his heart raced speedily , as did his feet ; his spirit fairly flew over the ground . 
 laughing and singing he ran along , hair flowing and his half-unbuttoned shirt flapping behind him . 
 he must find his father ! 
 beorn sat in his place at the great stone gate of the community , protected by high wrought-iron fencing . 
 the cold , black paling high overhead long appeared like a giant hand to me , ordering a halt to all who would enter in the city walls ; now i believed it prevented those who would escape . 
 for months the people had cast their glances sideways at beorn , biting their tongues as they passed through the gate . 
 though wavering like a flame in the wind , his professed faithfulness to ecealdor , even while withholding food from the orchards , had stirred the community against him . 
 the people did not gladly turn their eyes from hypocrisy ; most spoke to him only to curse and spit . 
 now , however , since his meeting with domen -- though he did not speak openly of it -- almost as if by sorcery he had found favor with the community again . 
 the people reconciled with him , made as one -- at least to his face -- though the produce of the orchards still did not reach their tables . 
 a scoundrel even yet , at least he was their scoundrel . 
 in that verdict we took our places together . 
 his new alliance with domen was no better than the putrid service i had given , though i continued to tell myself i had not sold my soul . 
 the price i settled for had turned bitter indeed , and as keepsafe of his secret , i stood ready to return that same bitterness upon him . 
 as beorn and i each slid further into decline , we came to understand one another , each eager to stab the other in the back as quickly as say hello . 
 i do n't believe beorn ever did recognize me as one who once begged at his door , making easier the browning of my nose . 
 but he knew as well as i , when the opportunity required , our expedient friendliness would be the first sacrifice , and the second whoever did n't keep the sharpest eye upon the other . 
 still , he suited my purposes to befriend : the consulate had gone so far as to name beorn an elder of the community . 
 the camaraderie among his fellows remained tarnished , but he fully enjoyed the people 's good graces returned to him . 
 beorn had bought a place in a fellowship of thieves . 
 `` father , i have seen the prince ! 
 coren has come ! '' 
 hatan called as he ran to beorn . 
 his lungs heaved , struggling to drink in breath as the air battled back . 
 his wrenching could not stanch his enthusiasm , though , and he laughed despite no air to laugh with . 
 `` coren comes to feallengod ? '' 
 beorn 's pipe slipped within his grip . 
 `` ecealdor 's son ? '' 
 `` i have seen him , father . 
 in the orchards , he came and talked to me . '' 
 `` ecealdor said he would return himself , '' beorn said , creeping skepticism in his eye and voice . 
 `` but coren is the prince , the next to take up judgment ! 
 surely he speaks for the king ! '' 
 `` where ? 
 where can i see him ? '' 
 `` he said he would seek out domen . 
 then he was to return to -- uh-oh . '' 
 hatan realized what he had done , and cast a glance toward the direction of the orchards . 
 what if coren returned to not find him waiting ? 
 hatan had not long to worry , for at that moment a low murmur from just outside the high walls of the community rose into clamor . 
 beorn and hatan glanced at each other , and hatan broke into a wide grin ; they hurried around the bend of the stone structure to behold a large gathering of townsfolk . 
 there in the midst stood coren , speaking from atop a knoll . 
 his voice rang rich and resonant , but without pretension , and spoke no judgment against hatan 's broken promise as he caught his gaze . 
 `` i saw you beneath the trees , hatan ! 
 come and join me here on the cool grass ! 
 come , draw your father near ! '' 
 `` there he is ! 
 coren ! '' 
 said hatan happily , pulling beorn by the arm . 
 `` this claims to be son of the king ? '' 
 beorn squinted at hatan . 
 `` he dresses as a peasant ! 
 do no servants and guards wait upon him ? '' 
 hatan knew nothing to say , and so simply directed beorn 's attention back to coren . 
 though he had walked the island only a few short hours , already coren 's listeners pressed in on him to hear . 
 the ones closest sat upon the ground ; the furthermost strained on their toes to catch a glimpse and attend to his voice . 
 turning about and lifting his arms , a graceful arabesque as he spoke , he appealed to the people with hands and feet , as with his words . 
 i think i hear the voice now . 
 did it float through my window as i slept in delirium that day , mixed with my moaning ? 
 or does mægen-el now whisper into my ear ? 
 oh , blessed ink ! 
 you pour your life onto paper in gracious words , never to spill out again ! 
 you are spent on more than you could buy . 
 `` again i say to you , people of feallengod , you separate yourselves from the glories of ecealdor . 
 all gægnian weeps for you , and the greater kingdom longs for the day of reunion . 
 ecealdor sends his watchmen to you , not for discipline but to regather each one who straggles outside these walls . 
 every wayfarer remains dear to him , and every beast of burden fallen into a pit cries out worthy of saving . 
 ecealdor bears witness of his love for you , oh feallengod , that he has sent me to you . 
 `` feallengod , feallengod ! 
 you wither like a vine , twisting upon yourself and choking out your own blossoms . 
 how prospers a vine no longer green ? 
 of what use the wood as it dies ? 
 the twisted timber fails , unworthy for building or beauty -- it becomes suitable only for kindling , to burn in an inferno . '' 
 coren 's eyes found beorn , and he pulled a great handful of seed from his sack . 
 high above his head he held the grain , letting it trickle from between his fingers to find a home in the beaten soil . 
 `` if the gardener labors over his trees , digging around the roots , fertilizing the ground , will it then bear bitter fruit ? 
 can a pear tree decide to produce thistles ? 
 if the gardener sees deadwood among the branches , will he let death creep into the roots , or cut it off ? 
 therefore the blight is pruned away . 
 when the tree prospers again , it bears an abundance of fruit . 
 but he casts the deadwood into the fire ; it burns brightly for a moment , then dies again . 
 the cutting claims some green wood , but saves the roots ; the tree suffers for a season , but then soon returns to fertility . 
 return , feallengod , i call for you to return . '' 
 beorn stared at coren as he listened , then dropped his head as though his neck had been broken . 
 his pipe 's stem stuck high into the air as he scratched under the back of his collar . 
 looking to hatan , he complained , `` he makes no sense . 
 if he 's a prince , why cares he for farming -- that just makes me doubt him more . 
 why make such a journey to talk about trees ? 
 why take on a mission to orchards ? 
 if he really carries the king 's bloodline , he does n't look , or sound , like what i was expecting . '' 
 as coren pled on before the crowd , beorn felt a slight tug at his belt . 
 as he turned toward its pull , a small figure nervously snatched its hands away from his purse . 
 beorn yelled and struck out with the back of his hand at the man , obliging him to scurry a safe distance away . 
 there he stood for a moment , shifting his weight , one foot to the other , holding his shaking hands together at his chest . 
 his head made short , jerking movements as he looked about , as if to duck out of the sight of the people . 
 i watched as he awkwardly searched about for someone or something . 
 chanting indistinctly , the strange creature stumbled back toward the crowd and kicked apart a wooden frame on his way ; a young man of the crowd leaning upon it was sent headlong into a muddy pool . 
 the shriveled figure disappeared into the milling mass of people . 
 beorn turned his back to the crowd , and to the words bathing its ears , returning to his hovel and wife . 
 in the days that followed coren walked from one end of feallengod to the other and back . 
 thus did the prince cast his seed , but only debate took root and grew : had coren come from gægnian , or made he bold as merely grand pretender ? 
 only i knew the truth : not one thing relied upon the matter . 
 my own allegiance lay to my self interest . 
 if the company in my presence carried a particularly rough look and argued the cause of domen , then i grew into the greatest partisan in the room . 
 if the discussion favored coren , so did i -- though this seldom occurred . 
 if a brawl ensued , all the better . 
 gladly would i release my frustrations on the heads of other men , knuckles proudly sore and bleeding . 
 no other pursuit made my thick heart move . 
 this at least too satisfied the pleading of gastgedal , happy in any sort of hedonism . 
 as i would make my exit , swinging and spitting , i would pledge anew loyalty to myself alone . 
 i heard no persuasion to follow anyone else , or so i thought ; very soon i would learn otherwise . 
 once arisen restored from my rented bed , i had resumed my sickened existence within the alleys . 
 my life no longer under their threat , i cared little for the streets ' cruel hazard , the elements ' mean tinkering , proudly again striking upon my own ingenuity and provision . 
 let these other fools watch for signs of change , and prick their ears at every word ; i made myself deaf , and blind , dead to the defense of right and wrong . 
 often i crossed paths with the itinerate prince ; often i cast eyes upon hatan , surprised as well at the sight of his father . 
 surprised , i say , knowing what i did about beorn , but then , there i stood among the listeners as well , perhaps leaning against a wall , perhaps munching the remnants of a pastry found cooling upon a windowsill . 
 no telling what other kind of villains also fell into attendance . 
 for the moment , i could contentedly lick my fingers and smirk knowingly at my fellows . 
 hatan , lost forever to foolish idealism , spent more and more time away from home , away from the orchards , and near to coren . 
 `` what will you do to stop domen ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` he has seduced my brother and my father , and most all of feallengod . 
 all power on the island rests upon him now , and his followers refuse to hear you . '' 
 `` domen indeed makes himself strong , and he has taken advantage of his place upon feallengod for now . 
 but a time comes when domen will fall like a bird stricken in the sky . 
 suddenly upon him , violently , his doom approaches . 
 he knows it looms , but his face now turns only toward his own desires , and he will not believe . 
 much remains for us before that time , young friend , for you and i. '' in those same days odd occurrences began to plague feallengod . 
 items disappeared from their places , fires sprang up in homes and barns , attackers fell upon unsuspecting people in the dark . 
 whole households , each man and woman , mysteriously became ill , and noises and fears in the night so troubled others that they declined into madness from lack of sleep . 
 families entered into their homes to find the furnishings moved about . 
 some claimed to see shadowy figures skittering away from the corners of their eyes , slinking into the darkness ; others swore imaginations were just running wild , fed by rumor . 
 after some weeks of such happenings , suspicions grew into conflict within the community -- well did they choose me as one of the accused . 
 my habits had not gone unnoticed , and before i knew to run , tolerance ran dry . 
 `` what are you doing there ? '' 
 one man yelled , startling me as i helped myself to his well . 
 `` keeping myself alive , old man , '' i retorted . 
 `` stay away from my well ! 
 my entire family is down with fever ! 
 are you the one tainting my water ? '' 
 `` no , '' i said . 
 `` what if he is ? '' 
 offered gastgedal . 
 `` you are that scrawny villain , are n't you ? '' 
 the man bellowed . 
 `` you have nearly killed my family , and my livestock ! '' 
 `` i 've done nothing to you , '' i said , draining off the ladle . 
 `` stand back , or we may leave you more water than we take , '' gastgedal added , offering his pizzle . 
 `` get off my property ! '' 
 the man failed to understand our good-naturedness . 
 `` get off or i 'll kill you ! '' 
 `` do n't make promises you have no intention of keeping , '' i said , half-threatening and half-sorrowful . 
 gastgedal circled around toward the man 's back . 
 `` i will kill you , i swear , by stone , i 'll kill you , '' he seethed , and before gastgedal could move , he grabbed up a shovel and caught him across the head with it . 
 gastgedal spent the next several minutes smelling the dirt of his homeland . 
 i lurched at the man , eager now to vent my memory on empty rampaging . 
 but before i could lay my talons upon him , the man introduced his shovel upon me and turned my day into night . 
 when i awoke i lay draped across a garbage dump , gastgedal 's grin flashing gaping holes at me . 
 yes , many a beating did gastgedal bait me into , and many did i enter eagerly . 
 earnestly did the people disabuse me of my bloody-knuckle way of settling of issues and making impressions . 
 the pressure mounted so greatly that i abandoned the streets and drifted closer to domen 's men , seeking protection where power was found . 
 alas -- convenience led me more so into the alliance , but though i might believe myself still master of my fate , in reality domen had paid his earnest money , and would soon demand his goods . 
 so the months passed , strife and bitter envy entering into the hearts of feallengod . 
 the trees traded their green for bright shades of gold and russet , and then finally nakedness . 
 coren faithfully pressed his campaign , and where he sowed from his sack grains and fruits arose for the hungry to glean , but his summons to reconciliation increasingly found stone ears . 
 only a handful of followers remained faithful to their `` magister '' -- their master . 
 `` serenity do i desire for you , people of feallengod . 
 not for my sake do i seek quiet for the island , for i will return to gægnian and my father . 
 for your sakes do i wish still hearts , for when i depart , your spirits will flutter with hatred , turmoil arising from one you can no longer provoke . 
 if you so hate me , then also you hate my father . 
 what you wish upon me , you will visit upon those who follow . 
 and so for them , i desire serenity , though i can promise only injustice and suffering . 
 into that affliction i must go before them . '' 
 beorn did n't know what to make of this talk . 
 `` who hates him ? '' 
 he asked hatan . 
 `` i do n't understand him , and i confess i do n't follow him , but who among us hates him ? '' 
 `` all of feallengod , it seems , '' he returned . 
 `` i give my love not to this dirt , just the dust of my ashes . 
 coren has said we march either with him or against him , father ; no place lies in-between . 
 for those of us who listen to him , magister is the only man worthy to follow . '' 
 `` i know , i see that in you , hatan , '' beorn put two fingers and a thumb together and thumped upon his breastbone sternly . 
 `` i also have made my choice , and i must remain faithful . 
 i took a vow , which i can not break . 
 while your ` magister ' speaks a multitude of words , domen has restored me in the eyes of men . 
 but i see i have lost your loyalty . 
 you have left our home , just like begietan , and your mother grieves for your absence . 
 you have separated yourself from us . '' 
 `` not like begietan , '' said hatan curtly . 
 `` not one bit . '' 
 `` look , domen approaches ! '' 
 beorn 's tone turned to relief , happy to change the subject . 
 `` now maybe plain talk will deliver the peace coren prattles on about . '' 
 from the east indeed appeared domen , circling the crowd that milled about coren , begietan swaggering behind . 
 domen had remained absent from the community for a time ; now he silently stalked the periphery of the people , shoulders hunched low , as coren continued his appeal . 
 a handful of men straggled in his wake , i among them , like vagrants following a slops cart . 
 `` he would rob the orchards of their power , '' i heard domen mutter . 
 `` this seed he casts -- he would grant even the life from the tree hidden within the island soil . '' 
 `` many of you agree not that i descend from the king , '' said coren . 
 `` just as you refused to believe bregdan , nor any of my father 's watchmen , even to fulwiht , you deny that i emerge from gægnian . 
 i tell you , i will fulfill the testimonies of bregdan , i will mediate for my people , and i will exchange these dusty garments for the robes of the king . 
 secretly your hearts seek a sign from me -- you will receive a sign : the sign of the seamrog . '' 
 a small disturbance arose at the edge of the crowd . 
 `` stop it ! 
 stop that fellow ! '' 
 a man cried out , and he swung his elbow at a small , ragged person who only barely ducked away from the blow . 
 `` fela ! '' 
 coren 's voice boomed over the crowd 's undercurrent . 
 fela stopped short , his heels kicking up bits of rock , then nervously approaching coren . 
 his eyes begged mercy from every puzzled face as he wound through the tight maze of bodies , holding his hands to his chest , finally blurting out , `` the prince ! 
 the true prince ! '' 
 `` fela , first you burden gægnian with treachery , then this tortured island . 
 you have vexed this land long enough . '' 
 `` i know you be ... '' fela began . 
 `` enough , '' broke in coren . 
 `` begone . '' 
 `` not the dungeons . 
 please , worthy prince . 
 not yet the dungeons . '' 
 fela kept his head low , his crazed , confused expression visible only as he glanced side to side . 
 i saw the terror in his eyes , for the sake of merely hearing this man . 
 `` i said , begone , '' coren repeated with firm emphasis . 
 `` yes , sire . '' 
 fela scurried away into the far woods , and never did i see him again , nor either was accused of any further deviltry . 
 domen studied this scene for a moment , and a small notion took root in the manure of his brain . 
 a burr in his hide had suddenly offered opportunity . 
 `` you and fela work in alliance ! '' 
 he screamed over the top of the crowd , standing as tall as he could , his finger accusing coren over the people 's heads . 
 his gamboling spine , now jerked straight , shot an arrow of pain through his back . 
 `` you conspire with that little knave ! '' 
 `` domen , i thought perhaps some strong man had tied you up . 
 i have expected you . '' 
 domen ignored the remark and continued his diatribe before the crowd . 
 `` this faker joins in league with fela , that putrid gremlin who vexes you these many days . 
 how many of your households has he attacked ? 
 did not these two appear upon feallengod at the same time ? 
 with your own eyes you see fela obey his master . 
 believe your eyes ! 
 they must conspire together ! 
 you ca n't trust him ! '' 
 he shook the crookedness of his finger angrily at coren . 
 `` clever , domen . 
 would you fool even these i have winnowed ? 
 i warn you , allies who turn upon each other choose the doom of their destruction . '' 
 stunned by this unconcerned response , i nudged and made some offensive joke to the man next to me , my old acquaintance cirice , quarry dust likely still caked under his nails after these many years . 
 i kicked at a patch of seed coren had sown , sending some from the soil and into barren rocks . 
 domen did not pause in his rant . 
 `` if you want to rid your sufferings , dispose of coren as well as fela . 
 you know to trust me , you see me move about you . 
 i have dwelt upon feallengod for the best of any man 's memory . 
 i offer you leadership and possessions and riches for your lives . 
 i offer you power and flesh to slake your lusts ! 
 coren arrives out of the blue heofon , and what does he grant you ? 
 drop everything you desire and obey his demands ! 
 he promises only suffering -- he said so himself , and it begins with fela ! 
 he delivered fela upon you ! 
 would ecealdor so send to his beloved people ? 
 no ! 
 feallengod has known only trouble and striving since coren 's coming ! 
 i say begone with him ! '' 
 restless murmuring arose above the shuffling of feet . 
 my little group gave greatest voice -- though i could not lure cirice into speaking -- prodding the passions of those nearby . 
 some looked to coren for his answer , and some cast their eyes to the ground . 
 others shifted toward domen . 
 `` what did you come out to see ? '' 
 coren 's voice sounded like a trumpet . 
 `` a man in soft clothes and glinting jewels ? 
 perhaps a man laden with heavy armor and perilous weapons ? 
 do you wish power , or strength ? 
 many will find my words sweet to the senses , but to most they taste sour indeed , and you choke upon your swallowing . 
 those of you who will believe i come from ecealdor will know ; those who will not believe , will know as well . '' 
 at that , many broke from the crowd and went their way . 
 beorn again shook his head , faced filled with disdain , running his fingers through his hair . 
 again he looked to hatan , `` what answer is that ? 
 what defense before the nation ? 
 domen demands coren be cast into the sea , and he responds with riddles . 
 is he insane , or simply a liar ? '' 
 `` certainly you see , father ? 
 surely you understand ? '' 
 hatan followed , pleading as his father walked away , casting his hands behind in disgust . 
 in the background the fading voice of domen bleated repeatedly his charges against coren . 
 i remained as long as coren spoke , turning aside his appeal to reason with shrewd ridicule -- my cutting remarks frayed yet further the rope as the stone dangled over my head , and i strained to heave it aside . 
 beorn answered hatan , `` this i understand : for years i waited upon ecealdor . 
 all my life i believed his law and his promises , and i believed he would return . 
 i believed that feallengod would provide everything ever we could want and i would live out my days in peace and security . 
 i dreamed that one day i might see gægnian . 
 a fool 's pretense ! 
 this life i did not imagine , i do not want , but i have to believe only what i can see . 
 this man you love claims the king 's authority , but he does no more than talk and talk . 
 he plants seeds like a common laborer , for stone 's sake ! 
 if he 's from ecealdor , why fear to take charge ? 
 why will he not take his kingdom ? '' 
 beorn 's voice rose , and the end of his walking staff punished the earth with each phrase . 
 `` you have waited , father . 
 ecealdor graciously awaits in his patience as well . 
 how better to show his love than to send his son to walk among us ? 
 he has work he will do , father , i 'm sure he will . '' 
 `` my patience is done , hatan . 
 i 'm finished waiting . 
 i learned all about the promises , from my father and grandfather before him , longer than you i have known them . 
 the king is great in his glory and might , not puny and weak . 
 in my judgment coren is no more than a fraud , and he should be rebuked for saying he 's from the king , because in truth he is not . '' 
 `` i believe him , father . 
 you will see , he speaks for ecealdor . '' 
 `` if he is the son of the king , still he is not what i expected , '' said beorn . 
 `` by stone , he is not what i want ! '' 
 chapter xiii the fire crackled with desire for the dusk ; its flickering light fought a dancing battle against the shadows on the faces gathered about . 
 in low voices a few intoned ancient words of gægnian : `` lift high your shoulders , take the red seal , `` establish the mighty king 's strength . 
 `` the distant shadow of deep despair 's hope `` knows not height , neither breadth , neither length . 
 `` bend hard under blows , lift high ev ' ry head , `` one day gægnian 's door ` ere life 's losing . 
 `` thorns pierce the flesh on the road 's compelled walk , `` but for one , and that of his choosing . '' 
 `` though beauty abounds upon feallengod , it compares not to gægnian , '' coren said with a smile , leaning toward hatan and the small following with him . 
 `` all the stories you 've heard from long ago bear witness to truth . 
 the waters rush and leap as though alive themselves ; the sky reaches higher than your imagination ; even the dirt fills with wonder , like a rich cake -- mud frosting . 
 even that sounds good to my hunger . 
 always will i long to return . 
 imagine my homeland as feallengod buffed to a high polish . 
 and to enter into the presence of the king lifts the valiant heart beyond anything the eyes can see or mind perceive . '' 
 `` magister , your exhaustion must weigh upon you , '' said hatan to his leader . 
 `` you 've walked all the day , and have only sprouting grass to lay upon . 
 we do n't even have scraps enough for a decent supper . 
 wo n't you come to my home , to eat tonight with my family ? '' 
 `` will your brother sup as well ? '' 
 asked coren . 
 `` i do not keep track of my brother . '' 
 `` his anger swallows him up -- he has rejected the king , and the king knows . 
 do not become like him . 
 does your father reside at home tonight ? '' 
 `` likely , magister , though i know not for certain . '' 
 `` then let 's be off , son of feohtan , the table awaits set already , '' said coren , dusting off his trousers as he arose . 
 the weather had turned brighter as winter waned , but still a sharp chill hung in the air . 
 the green of the annuals yet still hid away , and the smell of dust and smoke mingled with the pungent hubris of early spring 's boasting all across creation . 
 `` you will know our house , '' said hatan happily as they walked , `` by the scarlet frame about our door . '' 
 beorn and cwen sat together before the feohtan hearth , and hatan 's heart fell to see begietan as well had chosen to spend a rare evening with his family . 
 apologetic eyes found reassurance in coren 's smile ; he set his sack outside the door . 
 beorn received both graciously , but begietan 's sardonic smile revealed what he wished to cloak . 
 knowing hatan 's attachment to coren , domen had set begietan about to watch for opportunity . 
 `` of course , i make you welcome , for the sake of my son , if nothing else , '' said beorn . 
 `` truly a father honors his son , and the son honors the father , '' coren replied , draping his arm upon hatan 's shoulders . 
 cwen set the meal to table as hatan assisted . 
 soon all sat before modest portions of venison , steaming vegetables and bread piping hot . 
 coren tore from the loaf , passing it on as he reached to dip in the dish of spiced oil . 
 across the table , begietan did likewise , knuckles rudely raking coren 's hand . 
 `` was that me ? '' 
 he said with mock regret . 
 `` after you . 
 crossroads invite perilous turning , '' said coren , withdrawing his hand . 
 begietan sneered , pushing his bread deep into the oil , and the opposing forces tipped the dish . 
 the spilled oil dripped off the edge of the table , dropping spots of newness upon haggard leather of coren 's shoes . 
 `` look , now you 've wasted it , '' groused begietan . 
 beorn struggled to say something . 
 his voice surprised him by asking , `` what does your father want ? '' 
 `` the king wants a people to believe his promises , not results ; a people obedient even unto their own loss , '' coren replied . 
 `` but who could make himself do such a thing ? '' 
 `` i can not set a table like those you know in gægnian , '' cwen interrupted , looking hesitantly , tinged with shame , toward beorn , who fell silent . 
 `` my husband makes it difficult for me to serve . 
 i pray this fare arises to your liking , sir . '' 
 `` sitting under a roof , milady , offers its own blessing , and a fire , and friendly faces , '' said coren . 
 `` your food may appear humble , yet still it fuels fellowship more even so than the body . 
 surely we will all hunger again soon ; but the memory of our communion here will remain forever . 
 bread feeds the belly , the family and community -- yet see how it crumbles in the hand ? 
 still , a great blessing of abundance emerges from the soil of feallengod , a gift to you from ecealdor . '' 
 `` yes , from ecealdor , '' said beorn quietly , and he thought again of his grandfather , and his father , and sat wondering . 
 his fingers idly studied the tines of his fork , whether they be straight or bent . 
 `` everything on this table belongs to us , '' begietan broke in brusquely . 
 `` we raised it in our orchards , by our own sweat . 
 you people like to talk about ecealdor , but he had no part in it . '' 
 his eyes rested with a smirk upon hatan , who felt his ears burning . 
 `` begietan ... '' beorn began , but cut himself off weakly . 
 he turned his head to look toward the window . 
 `` your blessing issues from ecealdor , a blessing not to be despised , '' coren answered . 
 `` one among you has turned it into a curse , for you can neither eat all of the orchards ' abundance , nor will you give even a portion to those who perish without . 
 you shut the orchards off to the rest of your community and to yourself also ; you groan under the burden of wealth . 
 the king bequeaths authority over the orchards to you , but while you jealously guard the fruits , the authority has fallen to thieves . '' 
 `` you insult my father ! '' 
 begietan grandly rose to his feet . 
 so suddenly did he stand , his chair clattered to the floor beneath him . 
 `` you lay a curse upon us , a curse upon feallengod . 
 i say curse you ! '' 
 `` begietan ... '' beorn repeated , looking back toward him , and as well repeating his cowed silence . 
 `` begietan , i bring him as a guest ! '' 
 protested hatan . 
 `` you speak against the prince ! 
 this is my house too ! '' 
 `` i know my prince upon feallengod . 
 you people should know by now , too , '' growled begietan . 
 `` did not liesan suffer unjustly ? '' 
 asked coren . 
 `` what ?! '' 
 sputtered begietan . 
 `` for this reason i come , not for a curse . '' 
 `` oh ! '' 
 said cwen , nervous and flustered . 
 `` did you not want supper ? '' 
 `` the house belongs not to you , nor you , '' coren continued , giving no attention to the confusion . 
 `` your possessions upon feallengod pass through a tissue reality . 
 when you sink into death , will a spade or shirt follow you ? 
 neither can you claim the orchards ' possession . 
 they come to you a blessing from ecealdor , and they abide . 
 but you turn them into a curse , for you set aside precious fruits and spices for yourselves , but ignore the more important duties of the steward : justice and mercy for your brothers and sisters . 
 with these things should you concern yourselves , not the altar of selfish interests . 
 did you buy your life at your birth ? 
 it slips away even as you grasp after it . 
 living under the power of ecealdor is like a full cup , but you have poured it out . 
 like bread , it fuels life , life given freely to all , life lived one to another , '' he said , contemplating the morsel he had torn from the loaf . 
 `` that 's all i will stand ! 
 we 've had enough of your palaver , '' begietan stepped heavily toward coren . 
 hatan tried to intercede , then sent sprawling to the floor by a vicious fist . 
 begietan grabbed coren by the neck to throw him from his chair . 
 the table jarred violently , cups spilling and lit candles dangerously splattering wax and fire upon the cloth . 
 a cut opened upon coren 's lip , a trickle of blood encroaching his chin . 
 beorn remained , sullen , in his chair . 
 cwen went to hatan 's aid as he lay bleary upon the ground , and she cried out in her anguish at the conflict of her home . 
 begietan upended furniture , and shelves emptied their contents to the floor as he dragged coren from the house and down the steps . 
 the blood flowed in earnest as begietan kicked him into the street . 
 coren did not struggle , but neither did he keep silent . 
 `` you have turned the gift into a curse , for you covet it to yourselves . 
 the land is but a shadow ! 
 you strive to withhold life from those who would live . 
 i say to you , drink of the cup ! 
 the draught of fullness flows upon the waters of heofon . 
 you desire more than food and drink to fill your bellies , yet you realize not ! 
 you may hoard the fruits of ecealdor 's blessing , but you can not hide away his draught of fullness . '' 
 down the streets and alleys begietan profaned coren , jerking him roughly off his feet , dragging him upon the paving stones , batting at his head with his free hand . 
 along the way he called men out from their homes . 
 i loitered at one of the community 's irregular corners , gastgedal with me , he gripping a flagon cast aside too soon by a careless carouser , happily drinking in the fumes . 
 i believe my nose could almost remember my days spent in whirling confusion , by that bottle 's odor . 
 it sickened me , but like the other unthinking onlookers , as though invited to feast , i girded my strength and fell in behind the foul procession . 
 the argument again seemed to turn in domen 's favor . 
 now i can see the miscarriage of vain wisdom : the more idly fascinated , the more indifferent spectators , the more dispassionately prudent men added to the crowd , all the more powerful domen appeared to all others . 
 at the time these events seemed only a show , not much more than melodrama acted upon a stage , the people an innocuous addition . 
 i know it now , oh how i believe within my soul , that behind the façade crept a reality vivid in its obscurity , so densely real that i tremble now to think of it , though then it remained ephemeral , like the zephyr itself . 
 more and more and more we oblivious people blithely surrendered our lives over to the one who most wanted to steal them away . 
 i thought of domen as like me , but not as my leader ; i thought of him as compatriot -- i did n't see my enemy . 
 he lusted after power ; though not sharing that ambition , i could accept it at face ; i did n't know the means to his end would be by ruining me . 
 vengeance is a slithering menace . 
 this crowd of sordid curiosity fell in behind begietan as the commotion grew , inciting vile acts , a number helping him manhandle coren . 
 many pelted the prince with rotting garbage and curses ; stones and staffs appeared out of the dust and spittle to land heavy blows upon him . 
 hatan followed , struggling to reach coren but unable to muscle through the violence of the mob . 
 `` you turn your damnations upon yourselves , for even as you killed all my father 's watchmen , you now complete the measure of your rebellion . 
 feallengod ! 
 lower not your eyes , but seek a higher thing ! 
 seek out mercy , to show mercy , to turn away from self ! 
 soon you will long for the soft brooding of the hen , but will find only the eagle 's talons . '' 
 coren continued his pleas for the people 's hearts as often as he could catch his breath . 
 shoving and kicking , the growing crowd forced coren outside the community gate . 
 bruised and marred , his clothing torn and smeared with blood and filth , and still the staffs reached out their jabbing ; his face so battered and wrung in anguish as to offend the eyes , coren was cast out and carried along by a wave of hatred unleashed . 
 against the horizon , standing alone , awaited domen , vile silhouette , observing the action with arms crossed . 
 coren 's eyes lit upon him , then somehow hatan ; there he walked just behind me , and coren peered through my body , made of me a ghost , to call to him : `` he will cast you to the wind like grain if he can , '' as they dragged him away . 
 i turned and saw in hatan 's face the horrified knowledge that this atrocity had begun with his simple offer of hospitality ; what a perverted thrill rushed with my pulse . 
 angrily i clutched his coat and demanded , `` throw your lot with him ? '' 
 i would have spit in his eye , but , suddenly gripped with fear as well as my ragged fingers , hatan stopped in his tracks and said nothing , not even blinking at me , his self-appointed inquisitor . 
 `` s’matter , boy ?! '' 
 railed gastgedal . 
 `` not so quick to judge sitting on the docket yourself ! 
 you 've been with him ! '' 
 hotly i glared , bluffing for an answer for a delicious moment , luxuriating in the tumult of hatan 's thoughts . 
 knowing i could do nothing with him , i pushed him off , dismissing him with a sarcastic `` smart boy , '' and left him sulking in the wash of the multitude . 
 the crowd paused once it approached the feet of domen , as i yelled slanders , and coren dropped to the ground . 
 begietan struck a pose , a gladiator in conquest before his caesar . 
 `` you could have called legions of men to feallengod , '' domen glared at coren . 
 `` then how many would perish ? 
 but as i depart , so too will all peace abandon feallengod , and only strife and slaughter remain , '' he replied , a mouthful of blood trailing designs in the dust . 
 `` what foolishness ! '' 
 `` perhaps this foolishness will open your eyes to wisdom one day , domen . '' 
 domen leaned in close to whisper . 
 `` i know what you seek here . 
 do not think your father will reclaim this people , not after they destroy his beloved . 
 one man can not redeem when i have destroyed all men . 
 i take not your life , but rather you choose to cast it away . '' 
 `` well you speak , domen , but little do you believe . '' 
 domen arose and turned toward the west , raised his fist and screamed , `` do you hear ? 
 this blood lies not upon my head ! '' 
 he took a step from coren as if to leave , and drew away begietan by the arm . 
 `` one thing remains for you , '' and he handed begietan a long parcel wrapped in rough , brown cloth . 
 though begietan 's right hand was that of strength , domen placed the bundle in his left . 
 `` get close to him , close enough for a kiss , for in so doing you will stab not only him in the heart but your brother as well . 
 yes , you will do my bidding ; you will do this thing , for you are just as i am . '' 
 the madding crowd had picked coren up again , and domen led us to a low hill , the very little mount upon which beorn and hatan first heard him speak . 
 there we stood him up , reeling from the beatings , and shook our voices like angry squirrels , railing at him . 
 `` people of feallengod ! 
 please , quiet ! 
 calm -- calm , my people , '' called out domen , with gestures only limply trying to control the frenzy . 
 `` you have grown angry , and rightly so , but , please , let us reason , and be wise . '' 
 hands outstretched , he drew closer to coren , his presence and words applying the effect of a heavy storm hanging over us . 
 we fell into uneasy silence , and i tried to look like i would pay no particular attention . 
 domen 's chin jutted , his mouth twisting into a revolting frown . 
 `` you see before you a criminal , a sick , deluded man who brings nothing but trouble upon you . 
 he and his toadies provoke your thoughts against yourselves , prick your hearts with false conviction , goad you into guilt you can not bear . 
 good people , my good , good people , you know you do not deserve his persecution . 
 `` what shall we do with this man ? 
 do we not have a law here upon feallengod ? 
 did not ecealdor himself establish this law forever : ` wait upon yourself , and bless yourself richly . ' 
 what has this man done that has shown blessing ? 
 badger us until we weep ? 
 make our hearts heavy over what our nature simply desires ? 
 how then can we love ourselves ? 
 no , he has broken the law . 
 he has dipped us in fear to draw us away from the law of ecealdor ! '' 
 his words stirred the crowd like coals of fire again , and all the people pressed in on coren . 
 i swept along with the furor , willingly compelled to join the turmoil ; i placed a few fists in guts that presented themselves . 
 voices arose demanding a defense from coren . 
 `` you ! 
 you call yourself seed of the king ! 
 you threaten to take power in feallengod ! 
 we have a word for you to hear ! 
 we will rule ourselves ! '' 
 this tirade suited me well ; let each man follow his own way , it mattered not . 
 `` you do not realize what you say . 
 my father 's decrees will arrive upon feallengod , even as they abide in gægnian , '' coren panted . 
 `` your father discards you to the ashes , '' domen said to him . 
 back to the crowd , domen picked up his refrain , `` yes , he claims to bring message from gægnian . 
 he claims to represent ecealdor , but does he follow the king 's law ? 
 no ! 
 indeed , he openly mocks it ! 
 that , my friends , cuts my heart most , as he takes the name of the dear king in vain . 
 if ecealdor had sent him , would you see this battered condition upon him ? 
 no , surely the king would save him ; he would wrap his son in might . 
 hypocrite ! 
 liar ! 
 criminal ! 
 we say you deserve to die for your crimes ! '' 
 he screamed into coren 's face . 
 begietan worked his way through the crowd , to the front , his eyes shooting side to side . 
 `` he must die for his crimes ! 
 he must die for his crimes ! '' 
 domen 's ghoulish chant gradually caught up the crowd , `` he must die ! 
 he must die ! '' 
 my empty soul lifted my empty voice to join . 
 begietan sidled up to the prince , whose exhausted body drooped but somehow stayed erect . 
 i elbowed through the crowd , better to see . 
 with what seemed tremendous effort , coren cast his gaze upon domen beside him -- steel eyes . 
 `` domen , i will fight you to the death . '' 
 to my mind all else halted as he slowly lifted his right arm , a single finger extended . 
 how many seconds passed , or days , i know not ; my eyes saw only the prince 's touch . 
 he reached across his body and lightly placed his finger upon domen 's forehead . 
 suddenly the crowd sprang again to life , and begietan lunged forward , leapt to the defense of his master , to cup the back of coren 's neck . 
 his right hand grasping the prince , drawing him close , begietan swept back his left , flicking it violently . 
 the brown cloth flew into the air and fluttered to the ground behind him , a flash of light glaring from a short sword . 
 coren 's arms swung out , stretched to each side , palms toward the sky , sleeves flaring like the wings of a dove taking flight . 
 begietan pressed his cheek close as he plunged the sword into coren 's right side , impaled beneath his ribs . 
 coren gasped and took two stumbling steps away , the red blade pulling quickly out of his flesh . 
 blood kicked from his wound and splattered upon me ; i stood staring and woozy . 
 someone jostled my attention and i smiled sickly , as though my stomach was hanging out of my mouth , to show myself unmoved . 
 my eye caught gastgedal , and struck by his pale surprise . 
 coren hung upon his feet for a moment , a face filled with wonder and concern , then tipped backwards onto the young grass . 
 his head hit the ground hard , but without word or cry , eyes empty . 
 a cloud of frosty breath escaped like phantasm as his mouth gaped , and he moved no more . 
 that moment -- horrific to my core -- i dread the sight ever coming my way again . 
 fleeting like a rampaging bull , its terror escaped me not even then ; i think not a single breath drew in that moment . 
 like the flash of foreboding that grips a man at an unexpected noise in the dark , or the delirious waking from a nightmare , a sense of terrific anguish and outrage ran through my imagination . 
 a single life lost , that was all -- yet still something greater had shrouded the island . 
 in that second i imagined the stone of the law , and the rope slipping a notch ; slowly that stone turned , and the rope groaned . 
 i returned my stare ; something more than a single man had fallen . 
 perhaps because we had witnessed the end of the royal line , or the precious blood that soaked feallengod soil , but that flash of moment testified to more than just what my eyes had seen . 
 my heart did leap like a startled cat , but just as quickly resumed its stultifying beat : it occurs to me now that mine lay more dead that day than coren 's . 
 the sun dipped out of sight , and an unusually bleak dusk fell over the land feallengod . 
 lightning flashed from a distant thunderstorm rolling in over the ocean . 
 far away from the crowd 's back , hatan 's chest emptied purely hollow in his agony , his heart a leaden weight . 
 behind him stood beorn , finally roused from his chair , following along slowly , at last catching up to the melee . 
 he silently grieved for the young man , grieved for the violence of begietan 's hand , even grieved for feallengod . 
 tragedy multiplied upon the island , and now returned upon the king . 
 then again , he thought , coren 's time upon feallengod could have had no other end . 
 perhaps domen 's ranting now revealed its truth . 
 he turned to walk away , no comfort found nor given . 
 domen eyed the scene , gazed at the body , suddenly not sure what had just come to pass . 
 certainly he had won . 
 but why would coren go into death so readily ? 
 had domen been duped by a dead man ? 
 he tried to shake off an odd sense of doubt . 
 the crowd fell silent for a moment , but slowly a glad undercurrent arose . 
 begietan , standing witlessly with his murder weapon , smeared with coren 's gore , now raised the bloody pike high overhead , his triumph complete , the most worthy son of feallengod . 
 the mob lifted up a tremendous cheer and surged forward . 
 domen cleared his cobwebs to seize the moment . 
 `` people of feallengod , you have thrown off tyranny ! 
 no heir is left to the king ! 
 the bloodlines of ecealdor run dry ! 
 celebrate , people of feallengod ! 
 the inheritance falls to you ! 
 feel your island beneath your feet , for the land belongs to you now and no other ! '' 
 again a gruesome cheer , and i joining in , curse my voice and the breath behind it . 
 but i gladly shook off that instant of terror -- anything to respirit my safe , smug confines of self-importance . 
 use the crowd , fade into its folds , separate unto inscrutable self-interest . 
 the good people of feallengod dragged coren 's body to the ash heap -- a final throwing off of royal authority , just as domen said -- far from the community , where garbage burned and smoldered , flames constantly flaring and dying in turn . 
 rudely dumped upon the waste , empty eyes open to the acid air , his crumpled remains lay like a heartbroken child , and drops from a coming storm pocked away all traces of human activity . 
 nothing exists more useless than a dead man . 
 quickly most all of the community prepared for grand celebration . 
 precious little toward the festivity came from me , apathy born of nothing more honorable than laziness . 
 once the hedonism commenced , my appetites found the thick of it . 
 as the hours and days ground past , domen 's men pushed into the peoples ' homes . 
 under force men and women relinquished their gold and silver , the earrings and bracelets and chains they had hidden away . 
 this too suited me well , for with mægen-el 's chalice cast aside , and liesan 's sapphire long ago bartered , i had no precious possession to hide or steal . 
 a heavy pounding landed upon the feohtans ' door . 
 `` give over ! '' 
 demanded one of domen 's lieutenants . 
 `` what ? 
 what do you mean ? '' 
 cwen wavered , unable to mask the fright in her voice . 
 `` this ! 
 we know you have it ! 
 give over ! '' 
 the man grabbed the leather string holding the gold medallion , the image of the fawn , and tore it away from cwen 's neck . 
 the single , violent jerk ripped open her blouse and yanked her to the ground , blood oozing from the strafing wound , and there she sobbed in the doorway of her home . 
 a great heap of such items , large and small , accumulated in the square before the stone law , blank in its worn oversight . 
 the smithy melted down the precious metal , and artisans shaped it to form a mighty lion , complete with crowned head . 
 great were its teeth , long and fully bared , and its claws extended and sharp . 
 eyes filled with anger and purpose stared out ahead of the terrible creature . 
 the polished metal shone as bright as the sun , the sun even as domen cursed it , blinding the crowd to its wonderful glory . 
 a magnificent flowing mane perched upon its neck and shoulders , trailing along its back all the way to the serpentine tail , and muscles fairly rippled within its powerful legs and flanks . 
 never had a more glorious , foreboding work of art been fashioned upon feallengod . 
 `` this statue enshrines your great victory over tyranny from afar ! '' 
 domen shrieked . 
 `` this figure rises a monument to liberty ! 
 receive your symbol of my glorious majesty ! '' 
 great stores of succulent foods emerged wondrously from the houses of feallengod , at last , at least for this moment -- generosity inspired no doubt by threat and toadeating . 
 tables upon tables , lined end to end , and still the banquet spilled over onto the cobbles . 
 wine flowed from flagon to cup first , then directly into gullets as jubilants slaked themselves in its power . 
 for days the riotous festivities escalated , through the day , into the night , beyond the rising sun . 
 music played endlessly , raucous and to the end of no melody , and we danced until exhaustion felled us . 
 we gave ourselves to every conceivable debauchery , sacrificing the disciplines our culture had taught for generations . 
 most all of us wallowed in each other 's embrace , and those who did n't made good use of opportunity , relieving otherwise occupied revelers of their purses . 
 rejoicing slid into angry outbursts and violent quarrels , then back again into carousing . 
 somewhere , at some time within the dark nights , gangs of vandals took sledge hammers to the ancient stone of the law , and reduced it to gravel . 
 never had my stomach strained more full . 
 i had fairly forgotten the feeling , a belly solid like rock . 
 my cravings claimed their rights during those days : i made full use of the grand tables , at them , on them , under them . 
 yet in their midst was i starving to death . 
 the delicate wiles of maidens became a feast of pretty thighs , and the grease of gluttony streamed down my cheeks and chin . 
 only did i refuse my old rival the bottle , even as gastgedal did nothing to restrain kissing its tender sweetness at this most glorious occasion . 
 with a head clear of shadows , and free of his continual prattling , i made all the better at every other vice i could dream of . 
 over the braying attended domen , an unholy priest , contentedly smiling and frowning as one . 
 `` eat and drink , my people , for the flesh is your being , and feallengod is your trough . '' 
 hatan as well observed from afar . 
 `` a noise like war lifts its head , dancing upon death and beating on the bones of martyrs , '' and he retreated deep into the orchards . 
 he sat grieving , neither working nor sleeping , thinking nor knowing . 
 his body bowed under the weight of his guilt . 
 beorn 's words echoed in his ears : just like begietan . 
 just like begietan -- but no , yet worse . 
 he had loved coren . 
 but so ? 
 did n't he stand silent at the bloody moment when coren needed him most ? 
 could he claim to love coren now ? 
 he betrayed the prince out of cowardice alone , and had proven only his love for his own skin . 
 the voice of his thoughts tortured him , leaning upon the strength of his beloved grove of trees , weeping bitterly . 
 i still feel the rough texture of his coat , digging in my wretched fingers , still smell the earthy scent of the fabric as i bullied him into destruction . 
 that was my only goal , as though his doom served me in some way . 
 i peer at these hands ; they seem not to me now capable of such wickedness . 
 these hands , the very tools of my writing , my calling , covered in ink , covered in blood . 
 now , in death , hatan thought , coren at least deserved burial , not exposure to circling birds . 
 fully three days had passed since his murder ; surely by now decay had settled into the body , in spite of the cool weather . 
 hatan determined to collect the corpse and secure a grave . 
 desolate in his sorrow and loneliness , he trudged toward the ash heap -- careful to give wide distance to the community -- dreading this duty but determined to see it through . 
 his breath hung mistily in the early morning hours . 
 suddenly he stopped short , frozen in confusion . 
 the ash heap spread before him bare . 
 an impression , a shape in form like a human , sharply defined , reclined in the cinders , but coren 's body had vanished . 
 in its midst a tiny seed , perhaps falling from the folds of his clothing , had taken root , sprouting from the desolate mound , reaching infant branches to the sky . 
 a sudden wind blasted down from the peaks of the high mountains , off in the distance , roaring with great force across the barren spot of dirt . 
 the gale hit with shocking strength , like the blast of a trumpet , hammering hatan to the ground ; as well all signs left of where coren 's body had lain blew into history , dust that blows across the wide world , filling cracks and crevasses , invading eyes and teeth but keeping secret its story . 
 then , just as abruptly as the air had stirred its passions , it fell still , and the little tree held fast . 
 chapter xiv thousands upon thousands numbered the feet that had trod feallengod , a vast sea of men and women in ebb and flow across the land , across time , whose grandchildren came and went , leaving them forgotten to memory . 
 the soils of the island had offered their rich hospitality to all the generations of the ages , all sizes , colors and walks of their lifetimes . 
 humankind 's variety abounded as culture mixed with culture , ideas grew and transformed into new ideas , and wayfarers brought home peculiar customs from far-flung peoples . 
 one such wayfarer already has crossed my pages , andsæc cirice . 
 cirice had spent his days a child and a parent ; tradesman and peasant ; master and slave . 
 he gave his time as a laborer , a steward , a prisoner , a counselor to the elders . 
 he had been a sinner and a saint in his full life on feallengod , but no matter what station he had taken , he always maintained a quiet devotion to king ecealdor . 
 in these last three days more had passed into his eyes than he could bear . 
 a stocky , rugged man , heavier than he should have been , dirtier than he should have been , more scarred than he should have been -- the man cirice . 
 the hair upon his crown , kept short but ragged , clung grimly to its iron gray , when it clung to his head at all . 
 tattoos decorated his hulking arms , vague markings old and faded but still hinting at faraway lands visited in the distant past , like a map of the circuitous route a life takes . 
 he owned little save the love and loyalty of everyone who bothered to know him . 
 his will stood as strong as his broad chest , and once he had set his sails to the wind , he never turned back . 
 one story told me , when he worked at the granite quarries in the lower mountains , before my own servitude , came about after an accident left a huge crane crippled . 
 a wooden beam had buckled , letting loose the counterweight and lifting one poor beast of burden into the air . 
 crews of men struggled to pull the simple machinery apart , but one large bolt would not budge from its rusty , twisted shaft . 
 after watching teams of men with oversized tools try vainly to turn the nut , the hanging ass hoarsely crying out , cirice shouldered the workers aside and grasped the bolt in his massive bare hands . 
 with one mighty grunt he managed to loosen it slightly . 
 as he continued to strain , applying only brute strength and stubbornness , the rest of the crew shouted support and laid bets . 
 an hour later , drenched in sweat , slathered with grimy oil , he casually threw the bolt to the feet of the whooping onlookers and kissed his biceps . 
 fortune sent cirice 's way what it would ; he simply accepted and made the most of it . 
 so moons passed , and he took hardly any notice of the spiraling events upon his island . 
 when coren arrived , however , he knew that the distant king roused against domen 's corruption . 
 i saw him often in the crowd when coren spoke -- and saw the piercing glances shot at my hateful prattlings -- and the truth of the prince 's words drove deep into his soul . 
 but he had hung on only at the fringes of coren 's following , and now grieved and bristled at his own absence when murder felled the prince . 
 this conviction at length took hold of his heart , and now he agreed together with it . 
 no longer would he stand on the sidelines of truth . 
 the depraved festivity of coren 's elimination -- not only the physical excesses but the dark spirit spawning them -- turned cirice 's stomach . 
 certainly , he thought , certainly a handful of men still might stand against this bitter offense to the king . 
 though coren deigned not fight for his life , perhaps a few left upon feallengod would take up his memory , his honor , and his father 's cause . 
 so he took up his quest . 
 `` good evening , my friend , '' he said one day , perhaps a fortnight after the revelry , as we crossed paths . 
 he cast a dreadful glance at gastgedal . 
 `` good evening , cirice ! 
 what mischief brings you about ? 
 anything for my hand ? '' 
 `` merely walking the village . 
 merely taking in sights of the streets . '' 
 `` best see to yourself . 
 the streets have become dangerous these past several days . '' 
 as despicable as i 'd become , still a touch of humanity prevailed within me to warn a friend . 
 times already had turned lean again , and i well knew my own dark pursuits in the alleyways . 
 but i knew as well , cirice would fall victim to no one . 
 `` spicy we like it -- if you 're not afraid to dip into a little trouble , '' gastgedal grinned at some keen whimsy he 'd unveiled . 
 `` so have i known . 
 tonight peace is as much trouble as i wish upon myself , or you . '' 
 `` make peace , or take a piece , '' gastgedal fairly bounced , giddy with wit . 
 `` we make our own way , and care little for the fears of petty girls . '' 
 he stuck his gnarled nose within reach of cirice 's swing . 
 `` an ill wind blows from your gullet , unless i 'm mistaken about the opening , '' cirice sneered . 
 `` i 'll not waste time nor trouble on you this day . '' 
 `` take your provocations elsewhere , '' i scolded gastgedal , motives muddled between right and self-righteous . 
 `` we want no argument with this fellow , '' but what i wanted had been sealed already . 
 `` oh , pardon , sir , '' gastgedal replied with deep , sarcastic bow . 
 unable to stir any anger in cirice , seeing that i had no interest either , he withdrew his insults . 
 `` domen has set the new path for the island , never to slip from his fingers . 
 surely one day you will have the time and inclination , and will not let the opportunity die . '' 
 `` perhaps , man , though death seems something of a more royal pursuit here upon feallengod , '' cirice scowled and turned his attention back to me , studying my expression . 
 `` yes , '' i laughed . 
 `` and just as well ! 
 little matter -- i take care of myself upon feallengod , as does every man ! 
 best then join , and watch how you step , cirice . '' 
 `` yes . 
 i see , good fellow . 
 good evening to you . '' 
 and then indicating gastgedal : `` this man is no more than doom to you . '' 
 with that , down the street he continued his pursuit . 
 i watched his broad shoulders -- bearing his glad unknown yoke as he ambled near to speak to another countryman -- shaking my head as i returned to my own designs . 
 i learned later his mission . 
 i knew him , his loyalty to the king , to anyone who showed themselves worthy , but realizing what i considered such utter sentimentality in him struck me with surprise . 
 honor remained easy for him -- he did not seem to care about the king 's disregard for his son . 
 he had not seen the foul belly of ecealdor 's callous brutality , his cruel indifference , as i had . 
 but , oh , my king , little did i understand . 
 cirice combed every path of the village , searching out men and women not consigned to the designs of domen . 
 as weeks passed , his tiny remnant increased , though many cowered , afraid to join him openly . 
 on the island 's far side , in the swampy coves off the ocean heofon , he organized his brigade . 
 this musty , murky area had frightened me as a child ; feallengod parents often threatened a night upon the moors to discipline unruly sons , and i earned my nightmares . 
 many men brought horses to the camp ; many others offered food and supplies . 
 a community of sharing returned to this fractional people , not out of compulsion but a known unity . 
 all the swords , lances , maces , pitchforks , axes and clubs the people could muster began to accumulate , along with a ragtag collection of armor . 
 during the days the people walked the streets of the village , house to house , but in the evenings , as often as opportunity allowed , they gathered in the moors under the headship of cirice , for his exhortation and training . 
 and there as well did hatan find him . 
 the cloud of coren 's killing that swept across feallengod drew a shroud fully over the face of hatan 's heart . 
 he thought of the high mountains and the depths of heofon , and how each might rejoin him to his magister , but he did not think of his home , unable to face his mother and unwilling to look upon his father . 
 at first he told every man and woman he could find about the scene at the ash heap : coren 's body mysteriously vanished . 
 he mostly met only doubt and derision in return ; some accused him of simply stealing the body . 
 so many feet trampled the area , seeking either proof or excuse , that within days even he could not say for sure where coren once had lain , if not for the tree . 
 the little sprout flourished , spreading its limbs remarkably quickly , a sapling now waving in summer breezes , birds alighting to rest . 
 hatan made the orchards his sanctuary , thinking solitude the only refuge for his treachery . 
 there his days and nights melted into one as depression sank into his being , and he took to peering around the walls and trees like a hunted beast , afraid of who might venture in and find him . 
 eventually desperate loneliness drove him from the walls , seeking whoever still might share his desire for coren and the king . 
 perhaps he would find a measure of mercy with them , or perhaps condemnation to at least give his guilt a place to lay its head . 
 he at last returned to the streets of the village , where he heard whispered rumors of cirice and his collection of mates . 
 sentries appeared from behind trees as hatan delved into the moors . 
 they carried weapons as if on a hunting mission , throwing up neither defense nor attack , but their eyes studied him carefully . 
 `` good day , friend . 
 what brings you into the marshes ? 
 we have only just decided to depart -- the hunting has turned against us . '' 
 `` i am hatan feohtan , '' his gaze dropped in shame . 
 the sentries ' faces brightened as though waking from a dream only to find it true . 
 `` goodwill to you , friend , and peace ! 
 peace to you ! 
 we have all heard your report , and long have we awaited you ! 
 so many despairing that you had fallen into domen 's clutches ! 
 come , please come with us , '' and taking him by his elbows , they fairly dragged him deep into the fog of the moors . 
 as they drew near , the sentries surprised the quiet camp with their rash exuberance , `` the witness ! 
 we bring the witness ! '' 
 shouts and outstretched arms greeted hatan , grasping and hugging him like a lost dog reunited , all along the way to a small bonfire . 
 `` the witness has fallen in with us ! 
 at last ! '' 
 the sentries called out , and cirice vaulted to his feet . 
 `` who ? 
 him ?! '' 
 his eyes wide as his mouth , he enfolded hatan in sturdy arms . 
 `` we have hoped for you these weeks . 
 your word spreads like wildfire -- see ? 
 even the bogs smoke . 
 your testimony calls like a trumpet , a song of expectation for all of us . 
 please tell me it rings true . '' 
 `` true it is , '' hatan said . 
 `` the body lay there , as the imprint within the ashes attested , and then it did n't . 
 do n't ask me to say how . '' 
 `` no need , '' said cirice . 
 `` hope lives -- the tree testifies to life . 
 did he not go about planting upon the island ? 
 so does he still . 
 we have seen the tree , but we must believe the empty mark his body left . 
 whatever has happened in the ashes , hope lives that ecealdor does not abandon feallengod , though he chooses to remain in gægnian . 
 so many here pine for what you have truly seen . 
 but no matter -- we will believe anyway . 
 upon your eyes , upon your word we will believe . 
 sit ! 
 sit down and warm yourself , and tell me you 've come to join us . '' 
 `` i want to -- to cast off these chains of guilt . 
 desperately how i want to . 
 what work do you have for me ? '' 
 `` we plan to oppose domen every way we can . 
 we plan to campaign against him in homes and taverns , on the streets and battlefields if so needed . 
 when we march , we will hold high a bloody scarlet banner , the banner of coren . 
 you will find the way you fit in with us . 
 do you renounce any love for domen ? '' 
 `` love ? '' 
 hatan scoffed . 
 `` never would i speak such a word in the same breath as the villain 's name . 
 good leaders number few , bad leaders many -- domen 's evil stands alone . 
 i can not follow that way , '' he said quietly , his head upright . 
 `` well said . 
 though young , you have become a man , and suddenly , i think . 
 like a ship come into shore upon rocks , you exchange the innocence of youth for cynical experience . 
 to your credit , your distrust rightly aims at the forces of ruin , but as you grow wise , take care to retain your gentle heart . 
 you will join us here and greatly benefit our people , and maybe find peace for yourself . '' 
 `` certainly you know , though , my father has made covenant with him . 
 you must know this , then perhaps choose to drive me from you . 
 my brother -- my brother killed my magister , killed coren . 
 my only brother . '' 
 hatan 's eyes looked distant . 
 `` blood , blood levied for a fawn . '' 
 `` a terrible burden you carry . 
 we will not add to it . '' 
 `` more still i must confess , cirice . 
 more you must know , for my presence may prove a fatal thorn . 
 this tears at me , rends my spirit -- at the very moment they dragged him away , i would not speak for him . 
 when i should rather have given my life for his , i turned silent against him . 
 can my chest not receive a sword as well as any man 's ? 
 if i had said something , if i had done anything , perhaps he would live even now . 
 or i 'd at least have died with him . '' 
 `` take heart , hatan . 
 when you confess failure in this matter , when you confess to your wrong , you agree that ecealdor is right . 
 when the king 's people show him to be right , they robe him in honor , though through the heartache of their own failure . '' 
 `` but i walked with him . 
 i invited him to his murder . 
 for such injustice , must n't a price be paid ? '' 
 `` a price indeed , but you can not bear it . 
 perhaps another . 
 what the king decides extracts a price from domen . 
 we must believe . 
 does he blame you ? 
 no , we know the prince did not . 
 he warned you about domen , and we gathered here will protect you . 
 your magister you share -- our magister ; his death has made of us a new family , fathers and brothers who will not abandon you . '' 
 `` yes , i see . 
 to think that my failure might glorify the king , offers me great comfort . '' 
 `` so i learned from experience . 
 besides , i have thought the same : should i have been there ? 
 might i have tried to stop what happened ? 
 do my arms reach farther , stronger than the king 's ? 
 i like to think i can twist fate , but certainly i do n't know . 
 i dote upon protecting my own buttocks , too , you know . 
 so maybe guilt falls to me as well ; guilt enough to cover many . 
 i know years passed , and i gave only lip service to ecealdor 's law . 
 today it screams at me , how far i fall short . 
 for generations we half-believed a promise ; now hope stands in the gap . 
 if he came once , perhaps he will come again . 
 but we will never cease grieving for his first time . 
 what i do know beyond hope , though -- i 'm here now . 
 so let 's both of us release what 's past and look to what 's present and future . '' 
 `` very well , then , '' said hatan , and the smile on his face felt like his first . 
 `` anyway , i do know this : i could have taken the blade , but i could not have gotten up from that ash heap . 
 nor either you . 
 as we know , according to our best source , '' cirice smiled back , `` his body was gone . '' 
 `` yes , his body gone . 
 what would you have me do now ? '' 
 `` right now just stand about and look inspirational , '' cirice said . 
 `` you do n't realize how you 're loved here . 
 so many wish they could have seen -- but the tree declares life . 
 we 're all left to merely believe your report . '' 
 `` i want to help . '' 
 `` simply talk . 
 you walked with him longer than any other , from the beginning . 
 we must talk together , to help remember what coren said . 
 the people here will gladly listen , and you will lift their hearts . 
 much lies ahead of us all . 
 i 'm sure blood will flow . 
 domen will discover this camp and destroy us , if he can . 
 tell me , hatan , would you kill a man for ecealdor ? '' 
 `` i do n't know -- but i would die for him . 
 i would take up coren 's staff . '' 
 cirice clapped his hand hard upon the shoulder . 
 `` excellent ! 
 that 's all we ask ! '' 
 he grinned broadly , revealing a crooked row of teeth . 
 laughter flared loudly from a nearby group of armored men , like the fire where they huddled , and hatan , catching them with an eye over his shoulder , joined in , timid at first , then filled with gusto . 
 `` what might you bring ? 
 have you a sword ? '' 
 `` yes , i can put hand upon a short sword . 
 also , the fruits of the orchards , what yet survives . 
 every piece of fruit or grain , i will bring . '' 
 `` fine , farmer boy . 
 now let 's fit you out with some armor . 
 it would n't do to send you into battle wearing a mushmelon on your head . '' 
 they walked toward a twisted pile of tarnished metal , and cirice stroked his grizzled chin as he sorted through the collection of shoddy armor . 
 `` here , a belt to carry weapons , and tassets to defend the family jewels ; first things first , ' ay ? '' 
 he spoke in a distracted way , eyes still sorting armaments , and slapped the belt into hatan 's belly . 
 he threw aside some odd bits of metal tangled in a knot . 
 `` let 's see -- this breastplate could work . 
 you 'll have room to stow a ham inside , if you happen to have one . 
 we must add some meat onto your bones , boy , you 're thin as a miser 's penny . '' 
 cirice jerked his thumb toward a pile of shoes , some of stiff leather , others of pointed bronze , then planted his finger in hatan 's chest . 
 `` be sure to pick some boots that fit ; if your feet give out , you 'll end up on your knees for sure . 
 and keep your stockings dry , too , that 'll hold the stench down . 
 go ahead and aspire to high rank , but not on account of your feet . '' 
 cirice continued to poke through the piles of oddly shaped coverings . 
 `` ho-ho ! 
 here 's a buckler . 
 think it big enough ? 
 we men need them only large enough to hide our looks -- helps keep the women off . '' 
 he winked at hatan , holding the shield up to various parts of his body , finally arriving upon his rump . 
 `` i do n't want to see you like this , '' he said . 
 `` no running away unless you 're following my lead . 
 behind me i wo n't see you . 
 no , indeed . 
 this helmet looks enough for that big head of yours . 
 i can not abide anyone with a head bigger than mine in these parts , so watch it . 
 hmmm ... looks like all you 'll gain here . 
 bear in mind to bring your sword ; though if it 's all as dull as your conversation , you 're in trouble . '' 
 often have i suffered under cirice 's absent-minded , unrelenting ribbing , a hallmark of the brash gaming tease he poured upon those he loved . 
 but hatan knew not , and the deluge caught him with stunned surprise at first . 
 soon quickly though , the abuse gave him to know he stood among friends , that he 'd get no better nor poorer treatment than any other man . 
 he was home . 
 a tall , burly soldier wrapped his arm around hatan 's shoulders with assurance , `` you 'll do well , witness . '' 
 low singing in rich harmony arose into the clouds above the moors . 
 the night sank deep over feallengod now ; no light escaped the overcast sky above nor the mists rolling in off the restless ocean below . 
 darkness gave hatan a sense of comfort , a door to close against the memories tormenting him . 
 under cover of the blackness he fled the prison of his agonies . 
 thick enough flowed the dark to persuade doubt that the land existed at all , if not for the feel of it underfoot . 
 thick enough , in fact , to hide a skulking figure from the eyes of even the sharpest sentries . 
 the sun only mulled at setting over gægnian , but within the courts of ecealdor a pall had fallen . 
 mægen-el stood before the king , head erect but eyes lost somewhere in the distance . 
 secanbearn lay upon the bare floor , weeping into the folds of a man 's cloak , grieving with the whole host of the palace . 
 tears bled not for coren , nor for the king , but for the wretched people of feallengod . 
 `` coren 's mission is complete , '' said ecealdor , his face lined , exhaustion plain in his voice . 
 he leaned his weight on both fists set upon a table . 
 `` has he failed , lord ? '' 
 asked secanbearn . 
 `` that i did not say . 
 though feallengod is but a small corner of my greater kingdom , every work i undertake lies heavily upon that little island . 
 though all the rest of my domain does me honor , though feallengod remains in rebellion , still my endeavors depend upon feallengod alone . 
 now , the people of the land must agree , and declare which way they will go . '' 
 `` do you leave them to themselves ? '' 
 she lifted a finger to her breast , then away from her body . 
 `` no , child , though many wo n't find me so comforting from here out . 
 they would n't accept my watchmen ; i have left them no doubt about what fails . 
 now will i demonstrate what succeeds ; yet still they do not revere my son . '' 
 ecealdor 's breath broke away hard , and he stared blankly upon the ragged map before him -- a dark form moved mysteriously behind . 
 chapter xv begietan ran , foul and fleet of foot , through the darkness . 
 he knew the choking blackness would make domen only easier to seek out . 
 any light intruding upon his thoughts drove domen further into vile solitude . 
 a night like this -- drowning in ink -- and what might lie hiding in its depths , would lure him into the open , to embrace in base copulation . 
 lost in single-mindedness , begietan ran like gearworks , blindly dodging trees and jagged clefts . 
 all he had once desired for himself -- wealth , power , adoration -- these he now desired only for his prince . 
 like a mule , thoroughly bought and bridled , begietan labored , emasculated before his master . 
 i turned almost sorrowful to see what he 'd become , but my near pity for him quickly found cure ; his cloak of arrogance before the people made cause to revile him all the more . 
 never a single act , nor word , nor thought passed from him , without he first consider his sovereign 's backlash . 
 now he lurched through the forests , refusing to requite the aching of his legs and lungs , bursting into domen 's haunt . 
 `` rebellion roils in the mists , lord , '' he reported to the border of domen 's wooded lair , upon his knees , his head low . 
 begietan could not see his master , but rasping breath birthed from the dark betrayed his presence . 
 swallowing hard , begietan struggled to keep his panting low . 
 `` an encampment grows in the eastern moors . 
 the quarry worker cirice entices all men to take up arms and conspire against you . '' 
 `` very well -- if they so believe in death , '' domen thought out loud . 
 begietan heard his pacing steps upon the forest bracken . 
 `` the island lies in my hand , this island is mine , so has he said . 
 means abound to foil this little plot , many means . 
 the right play of our hand will cause it to die of itself . 
 the fools hang ripe for spoilage . 
 first we must infiltrate -- send the least of our recruits into its midst . 
 their stupid innocence will mask their mission , to be as a thorn in the rebels ' flesh . 
 even should we lose a few to ecealdor 's cause , we still can corrupt whatever ideals this simpleton cirice upholds . 
 we will make their thoughts muddled and soft , and their threat to me will fade to nothing . 
 then cirice too will disappear -- i allow no other leader here ; i will be king , i am just as he is . 
 later we attack , when they least suspect ; we can bide our time , only then to sweep in and scatter them . '' 
 domen turned his attention to begietan , rapping his knuckles stoutly upon his bowed head . 
 `` hear my bidding : send spies into the rebels ' camp , birds to pick at this seed of revolt . 
 plant lies among them . 
 raise doubts and arguments , empty debate , the more trivial the better . 
 strike at their unity through their weakest members , those who count themselves strong . 
 even only a grain of sewage added , and their fountain will flow poison . 
 but first fetch your father to me , boy . '' 
 dutifully begietan ran to his assignment . 
 the eastern horizon had only begun to glow pink with the rising sun as he reached the feohtan hovel . 
 roughly he shook beorn awake , barking `` domen wants you , '' without pretense of whisper . 
 `` at what god-forsaken hour ? 
 now ? 
 what for ? '' 
 his voice bruised , his mind muddled . 
 he glanced to his sleeping wife . 
 `` domen wants you -- need you know more ? 
 do you think i 've stayed waking all night for the joy of it ? 
 what 's good for me is good as well for you people , '' and begietan ripped the bedcovers off , exposing mother and father to the chill air . 
 beorn snugly returned the blankets around the stirring cwen , hurriedly dressed and followed begietan . 
 the night surrendered its sword to the dawn , but the light gleamed dim still : beorn , left alone , would have had no hope of finding domen . 
 though begietan 's years of combing the island served him well in these difficult conditions , he calculated his long , determined strides this morning to make beorn 's trek difficult nonetheless , and so succeeded . 
 `` here , '' begietan snapped at the copse edge . 
 `` you 'll find him here , or he 'll find you , more likely . 
 i have work elsewhere . '' 
 he disappeared into the tangle of trees , toward the village , where fate would have him meet me , and i destiny . 
 `` come to me , '' a ragged voice called from somewhere behind beorn . 
 `` you have ascended an important man upon feallengod , no ? 
 you have earned high respect within the village ? '' 
 `` yes , now . 
 for now , '' beorn halted , searching among the limbs and leaves for the voice . 
 `` not long ago the people cared nothing ... '' `` nor i. i have work for you now . 
 treachery takes root to overthrow me . 
 a pitiful band of men plots my downfall . 
 do you join with them ? '' 
 the voice demanded . 
 `` no ! 
 no , by stone , i swear ... '' `` the village will confide in you , man of feallengod . 
 i have given this to you . 
 in return , you must number all who would fight for me against followers of coren . '' 
 `` do you prepare to shed blood ? '' 
 asked beorn . 
 `` i do only what i must , whatever i please . 
 even now my enemies devise an ambush in the marshes . 
 i must know my disciples , and those who fail me . 
 beat them , threaten them , bribe them from your rotten heap of fruit if you wish , but bring to me all the names . '' 
 `` but i fear my son has drifted into the moors , perhaps among the coren-ans . '' 
 beorn spoke the name the village commonly used , always in hushed tones , for cirice 's separatists , telling domen more than begietan had : the movement had unfurled into a presence , and identity among the people . 
 beorn persisted , knowing that hatan 's name on paper would fill in his death warrant . 
 `` already you command allegiance from almost everyone . 
 why must you number them ? 
 why must you sift out the coren-ans ? 
 allow them to go their way without bloodshed . 
 do not gather your forces against them ! '' 
 `` do not dare spew that cursed name again ! 
 why stand you there ? 
 will you end your days here , or obey ? '' 
 and beorn finally spotted domen , red eyes glowing from the shadows . 
 `` i give you a command : count the men who will draw swords for me . 
 tell me the number , and compel them to prepare . 
 count those who turn traitor ! 
 hesitate , and you will witness bloodshed sooner still than either of us bargain for . '' 
 beorn started as if to speak again , but thought better , nodded silently , and slowly turned on his heel . 
 the walk to the village -- long , unpleasant , repugnant -- offered no path to his thoughts . 
 he had not anticipated war . 
 he had not prepared for delivering up neighbors , nor singling out his son ; this greater wickedness overshadowed anything he could have foreseen . 
 but his vow to support domen remained . 
 his word tied his hands to domen 's lash , and he could not , would not break it . 
 i remember the morning well -- gastgedal and i walked through the village into the forested lands , where a simple cutting job awaited . 
 my stomach ate a hole in me as i sucked my own spittle out of a piece of straw . 
 leafy underbrush crunched underfoot as we entered a shady grove . 
 my thoughts fell scattered to every side until a hand came down upon my shoulder so gruffly , i spun to its grip ready to throw a punch . 
 only then did i see its owner to be begietan . 
 he smiled so as to show his equal eagerness to buy me drinks or leave me bleeding in the street . 
 my gut turned at the sight of him . 
 `` you ! 
 you know the islander cirice , do you not ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` yes , i know him , '' equally confronting . 
 `` less happily you as well . '' 
 my foolishness blinded me to all those , willing or no , who could end my time upon the island with not much more than a thought . 
 `` the strutting rooster , just as you said ! 
 welcome , cock fowl ! '' 
 gastgedal gleefully threw kerosene on tiny flames . 
 `` shut up ! '' 
 i said as one with begietan . 
 `` the day comes quickly when your words will change , '' begietan continued . 
 `` cirice makes himself a traitor , sentenced to die . 
 declare you traitorous designs also ? '' 
 `` no , i stand loyal , '' i said . 
 i was loud , and a fool , but not a loud fool . 
 indeed i spoke truthfully as well , but not adding that my loyalty remained only to myself , never to buttress hollow despots nor empty promises . 
 yet did i grow still more hollow myself . 
 `` then domen lays a mission upon you . '' 
 `` i 've had all the missions i want from him , '' i remembered well the foul work of fulwiht 's prison cell . 
 `` you volunteered that service , '' gastgedal eagerly reminded me . 
 `` shut your trap , '' i suggested , then turned to begietan . 
 `` get some other stooge to do your dirty work , whatever it may be . '' 
 `` you are the only stooge who 'll do . 
 you people seem not to understand -- you have no choice in work done for domen . '' 
 `` slavery does not befit me . 
 i will pick and choose my doings . 
 i will be my own master . '' 
 `` master me ! 
 master me ! '' 
 gastgedal cackled . 
 `` one man 's master is another 's rebel . '' 
 `` shut up , i said ! '' 
 `` you 'd best not turn rebel , '' begietan glowered . 
 `` i said i stand loyal . 
 i just prefer my own work . '' 
 `` domen 's work comes first . 
 all work is his now , and his pays best . 
 complete this task well and you will reap rich reward . '' 
 `` listen to him -- he makes good sense , '' gastgedal broke in . 
 `` how so ? '' 
 i asked both the men . 
 `` recall the festival of death ? 
 may you pass every day just so . '' 
 i did remember parts of the festival , enough to prefer such indulgence over hunger . 
 `` what does he demand of me ? '' 
 `` stamp out those followers of ecealdor -- you confess to knowing their leader . 
 go into his camp and inform on what you see . '' 
 i cared not a farthing for ecealdor , the sneering tyrant , but nor did i crave to sell out cirice . 
 `` no -- no . 
 why do domen 's bidding , or more so , your bidding , you disgusting slug ? '' 
 said i. `` because i be my master 's servant , '' said begietan , drawing a dagger to prick at my ribs . 
 `` because i serve my master 's edicts , and his edicts serve only himself . 
 my master uses those he wishes and throws them away . 
 do you make yourself refuse ? 
 you should never have spoken to me today , for you have taken the hand of the new order . 
 you dicker yourself either essential or expendable . 
 which do you choose ? '' 
 he firmly gathered my coat around my back , tight under the arms , and pressed his point with sheer metal in my flesh . 
 `` let me go . 
 you can not make me , '' weak words heralded my feeble struggle . 
 i felt my heels rise slightly from the earth . 
 my staff clattered to the ground , sounding like running footsteps . 
 i glanced around for help and found gastgedal missing . 
 `` i can and will . 
 i own you now . 
 you will follow my command , or i will hunt you down to slit your throat like a hog . '' 
 `` let go ! '' 
 he did , onto the support of the dagger ; the blade entered my side . 
 i gasped and pulled away as best i could . 
 quickly i knew i made no martyr . 
 when one believes only in oneself , hardly any point exists to die for one 's convictions . 
 the way begietan knew the island , with the power he had attained under domen , i knew i could never hope to escape him . 
 fully had i been bought . 
 `` all right ! 
 all right ! '' 
 `` you will do as i say , then ? '' 
 begietan pressed . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 he shook me violently , my head rattling . 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 i despised myself . 
 begietan dropped me to the ground and wiped his bloody dagger in my hair . 
 i lay in the mud and tenderly tried to tend my wound . 
 the blood pulsed , the pressure ached , and the choice of survival over pain came with difficulty . 
 but in truth fear flowed more so than my gash , and the desire not to give over life to the whim of begietan . 
 `` i expect a report in two days . 
 come to me , or i 'll come to you , '' he explained . 
 i entertained no doubt that he would . 
 gastgedal , worthless , peered out of the cover of the underbrush , comically shrouded in scattered leaves . 
 i scoffed under my breath at his impotent friendship . 
 `` you are of no good to me . 
 you stay behind -- cirice does not like you . '' 
 gladly i would escape his company , yet never did i feel severed from him . 
 so here now another part of the heart within me beat its last . 
 first my love for astigan , then for the wife of my bed ; the wish for community , then for my king -- all had died . 
 now the love i had for myself , so misguided it was , even that fell under the executioner 's blade . 
 vacant , paper man ! 
 i knew my wounded side would stand out like a badge , marking me a victim of domen 's rule , false witness of my dedication to the coren-ans . 
 the vile corruption within made perfect complement to the filthy crust of my clothing . 
 so i exchanged my soiled attire for clean garments upon some innocent laundress ' line , and made for the moors . 
 my new appearance of purity might succeed to fool some there , but certainly not me . 
 beorn as well went about his foul bidding . 
 from day to day , door to door , throughout the village he numbered men willing to spill blood for domen , and men whose blood would spill . 
 he listed anyone well old or young enough to lift a sword , tallied their weapons , calculated the horses and mules each could contribute . 
 the days returned that baleful eyes met him at the doors and windows of the village . 
 the townsfolk already knew it better to remain invisible in domen 's kingdom , and beorn 's rolls soon became a dangerously precise , tautly detested registry . 
 beorn also learned of a number who seemed absent from their homes lately , those who disappeared often in the evenings , not returning until early morning . 
 such men faded in and out of the mists of the moors . 
 `` many abide in the marshes , '' he said to cwen , fingering through his ragged sheets . 
 `` more than we suspected . '' 
 `` you give all your time to those lists , '' she replied . 
 `` duty requires me . 
 i have no choice . 
 i do n't want to displease domen . '' 
 `` i regret the day we first listened to him . 
 he cares only for himself . '' 
 `` do not say , cwen . 
 you believe me a shameful lackey to him , and rightly so . 
 you must know he has posted spies and cutthroats everywhere . 
 do i make myself important to him ? 
 i tell you i 'm not above suspicion . 
 if he hears of you complaining against him , surely we will know his vengeance . '' 
 beorn 's fingers fumbled nervously as his tongue . 
 `` you think only of him now . 
 i want you so devoted to me . '' 
 beorn remembered when he had been . 
 he took cwen in his gentle embrace , and felt her slip away . 
 her eyes brushed the floor as she held her arms stiff . 
 what had made for this stillbirth -- beorn slow to do her wishes , or beorn yielding weakly to her pressure , and that of domen ? 
 cwen could n't say what had grown to repulse her . 
 sorrowful , she knew not this man as one she could love , not in the way she wanted to love . 
 beorn let his hands drop , the sheaves of paper hanging perilously loose . 
 some of the names from cirice 's followers came as a surprise to beorn , belonging to men who openly declared loyalty to domen only days before . 
 begietan had chosen well , and these men he sent to work discord in the midst of the marsh . 
 i made my name surety , witness to my prying obeisance . 
 within cirice 's camp we wagged insolently of coren 's death . 
 we speculated that his body disappeared to symbolize power slipping from ecealdor . 
 we claimed to have seen him in dreams or visions , speaking new words of secret knowledge . 
 we fostered hope placed in a stick of rooted wood , the one sign of life within the ashes , the one thing a man could put his eyes and hands upon . 
 words flew like arrows to find idle ears . 
 `` his spirit lives , '' a favorite greeting of mine . 
 `` yes , he must live ! '' 
 might come the reply . 
 `` i hear him rustling in the branches . 
 his body matters not -- but his spirit , it lives in all of us . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 a crestfallen tone always followed . 
 `` his body ca n't be alive . 
 but no matter , he lives in the leaves . 
 i saw him killed -- his body fertilizes the tree . 
 good for the king ! 
 now only his spirit lives , his memory , but lives forever , '' i followed my teachers well . 
 `` what a wonder ! '' 
 `` but , his body vanished from the ash heap ! 
 you do not doubt that ? '' 
 `` ha ! 
 perhaps i know it ; perhaps i do n't believe , '' i replied . 
 `` i saw him killed . 
 if this man from gægnian can fall to humble death upon feallengod , then i might as well be prince . '' 
 `` i choose to believe witness . '' 
 `` well you might . 
 but he ca n't claim sainthood himself . 
 do n't forget , he joined his family and kept the orchards ' food to himself . 
 what secret agenda directs him now ? 
 he just enjoys the flattery of words , like anyone else . '' 
 yes , hatan came under particular attack ; cirice 's spotty past also spawned much talk . 
 only now do i realize my putrid failure . 
 perhaps i can take consolation in a lack of commitment to my task . 
 regardless , my words had little effect . 
 i remember not a single member of cirice 's band falling away ; still , argument arose and debate prevailed where listening should have reigned . 
 the way i could twist truths and words , inspiration fails to describe . 
 as the unity of the camp began to crumble , some began to wonder why they had traded one chaos for another . 
 `` i suspect a snake in the grass , witness . 
 a weak attempt arises in our midst , to destroy our sanctuary , '' said cirice one afternoon . 
 he now gave all his time to the moors , organizing and studying , and many of his followers as well . 
 those with families still spent days in the village , but hatan and others had taken to remaining with cirice . 
 `` domen 's wickedness grows yet more devious . 
 he knows our feet tramp the moors , i am sure . 
 he means to undermine us , and he will have us accusing each other if he can , '' said hatan . 
 in his weeks of serving under cirice , the forces ' numbers had grown and skills sharpened . 
 many found the comfort of labors focused their thoughts against the undercurrent of doubt . 
 armor and weaponry came to be polished , sculpture of delicate wood carving emerged , and the sights of beauty gladdened hearts within the cloud of the impending battle nobody doubted . 
 `` i 've heard the whispering . 
 they count the prince dead . 
 they call the king weak . 
 he is only as weak as we are , and we are as strong as he is . '' 
 cirice squinted into an indeterminate horizon . 
 `` domen will find the chinks in the fortress . '' 
 `` better to meet him in the open , then , than to let him plant a cancer within us . 
 i 'd rather be killed by enemies than friends . 
 go find your father , young one . 
 tell him we march against domen . 
 tell him one week -- seven days and we march . 
 that will bring domen 's army into the moors . 
 we 'll make ready , and perhaps leave the impression of a boot on his ass as we go down into death . '' 
 cirice 's grim smile left no doubt : prospects amused him not at all . 
 `` yes , i will tell him . 
 evening draws down , and he will arrive home by the time i get there . 
 i might as well whisper into the ear of domen himself . '' 
 `` do not make of your father an enemy , witness . 
 he has fallen to deceit , and may yet come to his senses , if he does not see hatred in you . 
 do not let your heart fail . '' 
 `` yes , you counsel well . 
 i must remember . 
 i 'll return , '' hatan said over his shoulder . 
 upon the well-worn paths of feallengod , hatan could n't outpace thoughts that this might prove his final journey to the home of his youth . 
 the days past with his father in the orchards , the heavenly days under the leaves ' tender attentions , seemed a distant fiction . 
 games of his boyhood -- riding upon begietan 's back , springing out in childish attack from thinly veiled hiding -- these vanities weighed especially absurd to him now . 
 as his feet bore him along , a voice in his head rose to a whisper , then into a nagging drone : `` you are utterly alone , are you not , man of feallengod ? '' 
 `` no , '' he insisted . 
 `` i am not . '' 
 `` you are alone , alone . '' 
 `` no , no . '' 
 `` but so you are . 
 soon your family will testify . 
 you have separated yourself from them , and you are utterly alone . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` do you expect your mother 's embrace ? 
 will your father run to meet you on the road ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 hatan 's steps slowed . 
 `` on an island of thousands and thousands , you are utterly alone . 
 you have separated yourself from all humanity . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` see them at their work ? 
 there in the fields , there along the road . 
 they go about their lives without this worry and despair . 
 who are you to judge their ways ? 
 what wrong lies in the lives they choose ? '' 
 `` they 're no different from me . 
 it is n't me that makes the difference , '' hatan thought . 
 `` do n't you long for their company , for their friendship ? 
 do n't you desire love 's embrace ? 
 there -- do n't you see her ? '' 
 the voice said . 
 `` what about that girl -- see the curve of her cheek ? 
 see her skirt sway against her moving ? 
 she looks at you -- and now not , but she smiles still . 
 do n't you long for her touch ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 hatan came to halt . 
 `` do you think her evil ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` she will make you happy . 
 she at least will drive away your sorrows . '' 
 `` no . 
 they will never leave me . '' 
 `` you just have n't tried . 
 forget about what has happened . 
 what 's past fades into dead memory . 
 you must cling to what you see now , and live in the world born to you . 
 let go of the things you saw once , the things you no longer see . '' 
 `` no . 
 i must remain faithful . '' 
 `` do n't forget your failure . 
 do n't forget , you betrayed coren . 
 no one will have you . 
 nobody will stand with you . '' 
 `` i know i failed . 
 i will fail again -- nothing new . 
 cirice said so . '' 
 `` cirice only uses you , to lead you into destruction . 
 you shake with fear . '' 
 `` yes . 
 but i must trust him . 
 i have no other -- you say so yourself , '' hatan 's eye again caught the girl , her face brown from the sun . 
 the smiled lingered . 
 `` you have your final chance . 
 she is not evil . 
 see the softness in her eyes ? 
 will you have a normal life ? 
 or have you sold your soul ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i have a job to do . 
 cirice depends upon me . '' 
 `` you will receive no love in return . '' 
 `` i require none . '' 
 `` you are utterly alone . '' 
 `` so be it , then . '' 
 hatan bowed his head , and again his feet took to the path , and his mind to his mission . 
 hatan 's mind turned to another girl , his mother . 
 he only vaguely remembered the times long ago , cwen 's voice in the kitchen , her glad song lightening the toil of everyone within hearing . 
 in those days her touch , gentle as a petal , could lift away tears and heartaches , and her healing words would anoint his young spirit . 
 cwen spent her days now seeking busyness , any kind distraction from her crumbling house . 
 she studied her hands far beyond their interest at whatever work they found . 
 the days had long passed that she cared about the orchards , the pits and cores of vain sweetmeats . 
 her thoughts turned ever more in to herself , though out of mourning what she had lost , rather than selfishness and what gain might be had . 
 once she had coveted the good foods of the land ; now she only wanted her sons . 
 one dead and gone , another crazed beyond recognition , the third stolen away by strangers . 
 `` hatan ! '' 
 her cry cut like a knife as he appeared in the doorway . 
 her sewing fell as she jumped from her chair , running to throw arms around his neck . 
 at last he had come home , and she thought to retain him through weight of will . 
 `` mother , i love you , '' he said , returning her hugs . 
 for a moment they clung to one another like trees entwined together by the years . 
 `` i must speak to father . '' 
 `` oh , '' she said simply , withdrawing her grasp . 
 her heart sank at the words . 
 `` he toils out back , replacing mortar fallen from the walls . 
 please make peace with him , hatan . 
 he needs you so . 
 we so want you home . '' 
 without thinking , she reached to her breast , but no medallion hung there . 
 `` i must do what i can , mother . '' 
 `` hatan , your sword goes missing from the mantle , '' her eyes spoke her worry . 
 `` i know , '' he replied . 
 he exited the door ; through one window and to the next , cwen watched him round the house to the back where beorn worked . 
 `` father , i come to speak to you . '' 
 `` hatan , '' said beorn , working a trowel into large cracks where begietan 's room pulled away from the rest of the house . 
 he looked up from his labors and stilled his hands ; the two men kept an uneasy distance . 
 `` you must know i 'm with cirice . '' 
 `` yes , i suppose i knew . 
 i suspected no other thing could come upon me . '' 
 `` we know domen has moved against us . 
 he can not stand to let anyone slip from under his thumb , and so he conspires to eliminate us . 
 i give you warning , we will march against his forces in a week 's time . '' 
 `` domen means you no harm , nor your people either , '' said beorn . 
 `` do you speak those lies , father , or does domen 's own voice creep from your throat ? 
 you know i will not believe such things . '' 
 `` i do n't know what i say , nor what i believe myself . 
 it seemed the best way , the easiest way ... '' began beorn . 
 `` we will march within a week , father , many men , with many weapons . 
 i do n't expect you to join , but please do not cross blades with us . 
 if you refuse to stand against us , perhaps ecealdor will show mercy to you . '' 
 `` you still believe ecealdor ? 
 even after all your eyes have seen , you insist on still believing him ? '' 
 `` where else lies there to hope ? 
 do you not feel the destruction awash around you ? 
 you do n't trust ecealdor , father -- then perhaps trust your eyes . 
 look at the overthrow of feallengod , the rape of the orchards , the village 's wreckage . 
 see your own family , father , it tears at the seams . 
 domen has his will with us ! 
 he has blinded your eyes , and you have preferred his darkness . '' 
 `` hatan , i do n't begrudge your love for the old king , but you must consign him to legend . 
 recognize the folly of opposing domen ! 
 i myself have counted his forces ; he numbers surely ten to one against you . 
 you have no hope of victory , no hope of survival . 
 men walk among you who will wait until battle enjoins , then slip their knives into your back . 
 in deciding for battle , hatan , you will rather choose suicide . '' 
 `` you force me to decide , father ! '' 
 hatan fairly screamed through his bitter tears . 
 `` what about the hymns , the singing that filled the orchards ? 
 do you not remember ? 
 have so many years passed that you ca n't remember ? 
 if those words only emptied the breath of your mouth , if they did not caress and carry your heart 's longings , then they bear a putrid odor to me . 
 and you refuse him even that barren devotion now . 
 you it is who forces me to decide , father , and you force me to decide against you . '' 
 beorn dropped his tools to clasp his hands . 
 `` please , hatan , do not ride out with cirice . 
 so great a man of valor , still he can lead you only into the grave against these odds . 
 no end awaits you in this but death . '' 
 `` fine . 
 then i will share the same end as coren . '' 
 `` coren ! 
 coren ! '' 
 beorn 's voice and anger rose to match hatan 's . 
 `` that name has only poured out division upon feallengod ! 
 oh , how i yearn for coren 's memory to forever disappear from this island ! 
 how i lament , that he might never have drawn this line in the dirt to make us choose ! '' 
 `` the problem lies not in coren , father ; your heart mourns its own divide . 
 you never sought him , never thought of trusting him . 
 in your arrogance you took insult that the king bowed not to your desires . 
 from the first time your eyes fell upon coren , you rejected him , though he begged and pleaded and even came into your home . '' 
 `` please come back to me . 
 come back to me , hatan , '' beorn threw his lot to hopelessness . 
 `` my name is witness , '' came the reply . 
 a short pause seemed an eternity . 
 `` so you renounce your name . '' 
 beorn 's countenance fell further , though hardly possible . 
 `` i love you , father , the father i grew up under ; i can stand with you no longer . 
 the day has passed when i would never go against you , when i defended you against even my own mother and brother ; now i must declare you wrong in this . 
 go the way you must , but as for me , i will serve the king . 
 i take a new name . '' 
 beorn remained silent . 
 retrieving his trowel from the ground , he lightly poked at the space between two stones . 
 `` please do not ride against us , father . 
 one week 's time . '' 
 witness stood there another moment , then moved to leave . 
 with no farewell to his mother , his duty done , he wept each step of the slow journey back into the moors and the tender embrace of his friends . 
 beorn went through the motions of his work , until his arms drooped . 
 he leaned his head against the vain strength of the stones and wished himself dead . 
 his thoughts pounded within his brain until he no longer knew them but for their pain . 
 minutes , perhaps hours , passed , he knew not where , and he heard only the sound of his own breathing . 
 slowly he stood erect , wiped his hands on his pants , and started upon the smoothly paved path out of the village and toward the malevolent gloom of domen 's grave hideaway . 
 chapter xvi the ascendant sun dabbled about its palette , splashing the sky a rusty pink as i caught sight of witness rushing his report back to the moors , his journey greatly winding him . 
 slowing to a jog past the guards , he threw a weak salutation and entered the open camp , resting his hands upon his hips , his head hanging backwards , chest heaving . 
 i had used my history shared with cirice to work into his inner circle , and i now drifted in his direction , to pick up what information i could . 
 upon hearing witness ' gasping message , cirice 's first command sent his men directly back to their motley beds . 
 many obeyed eagerly ; others lay stiffly upon the ground unable to sleep , complaining about the brightness of the sun or the chattering birds . 
 cirice kicked a couple of rib cages before turning deaf to the undercurrent , whipping instead into a whirlwind of thought . 
 `` well you grieve over battling your father , but you have no recourse at the moment . 
 perhaps a day comes with opportunity to seek forgiveness . 
 rest at peace for now , if you can ; we must take the moment to think of our lives , while we have them . 
 `` the sun safeguards us well enough during the day . 
 domen will do nothing by light of day , '' he handed a steaming cup to witness . 
 `` perhaps the strongest should stay awake , perhaps put to work on a stockade , '' i offered . 
 `` no , we must sleep as best we can in the sun , then lay awake at night , ready for his attack . 
 quiet over there ! 
 go to sleep ! 
 yes , and you too . '' 
 he shoved me with his open hand , to no effect -- i knew a closed fist awaited me if my ears did not wake lively . 
 `` domen will come down upon us like a storm one of these nights soon . 
 each man who enters in the evening will have to remain awake , then stand sentry the following morning . 
 we 'll need only a few guards at a time . 
 they can drop off for a few hours in the afternoon , and again spend the night awake , until the owls know to expect us . 
 every man will adjust to that schedule soon enough . 
 `` nobody can leave camp , not me , not anybody . 
 all who come in must settle on remaining . 
 the sentries must detain anyone trying to leave , and prepare to lay them low . 
 your father confirms our intuition . '' 
 cirice stopped pacing and pulled close a fellow standing nearby , speaking to him softly . 
 `` soldier , put in bonds those spies we know ; we must open wide our eyes for others sent among us . '' 
 now i truly did try to drift away , as benignly as i had drawn near , stretching as if to bed down , looking disinterested but staying within earshot . 
 `` we must lie undercover , wise as snakes . 
 we must expect domen within the week , and make ourselves ready in secret . 
 a week 's time , that 's to our advantage ; they 'll come little prepared . 
 they will rely upon their greater numbers , and honestly that probably will carry the day , but one never knows . 
 they 'll bear the mark of little training , and the discipline only of fear . 
 we 're much smaller , but the rugged life makes for steel readiness . '' 
 cirice 's shoes sorted the stones underfoot as his mind did ideas . 
 `` good for us too , no fleet lies at domen 's use . 
 with ocean heofon at our backs , he ca n't flank us . 
 men coming at our backs off the ocean , now that would mean real trouble . 
 they must not know we expect them -- keep our lights low , but have torches ready to burn . 
 we must root out the spies . 
 the cover of darkness alone offers them surprise , and in those hours we will make ourselves most ready . 
 events could n't turn better for us . '' 
 cirice 's gaunt optimism again indicated either cynical confidence or utter insanity . 
 he caught sight of me and beckoned , `` on second thought , come over here , friend . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 said i. `` just this . '' 
 he planted a fist so securely to the underside of my jaw that later i found a shard of tooth stabbing my cheek . 
 only long after did i reckon what had happened to me ; a horse once kicked me , too , an experience much the same . 
 i remember the starburst , then awaking to find myself trussed up and tied to a persimmon tree . 
 a gag crammed into my mouth also served as a bandage to my swollen jaw . 
 how i got there , or for how long i sat so disposed , i can only leave to imagine . 
 this i do know , though : it might have been the greatest favor a fellow man has ever done me , though certainly i blighted him then . 
 for all the begging and pilfering of my life , this most precious gift i never asked for nor desired nor even knew i hungered after . 
 bound and gagged , i was given to be an ineffective turncoat , only an onlooker to the massacre of kinsmen , spared from being again a murderer against my king . 
 never will i forget the good work cirice did me that day . 
 a similar scene unfolded a few hours before , dense in the wood at the opposite , darker side of feallengod . 
 slow though he had walked , beorn relayed his son 's message to domen when morning still lay wee . 
 domen quickly sent begietan with his lieutenants invading the village , armed with clubs and beorn 's lists , to forcibly muster his army . 
 `` attack me ? '' 
 domen fumed . 
 `` death they desire , to my glad accord . 
 how dare they threaten me ! 
 i rule , prince of this land -- so has he said . 
 i will crush them -- i will crush them under my raging will alone ! 
 if they so wish to retire to their graves , so will i accommodate them . 
 they will choke on my army , on the writhing of my anger , they will learn my rage will never end . 
 i will come down upon their heads like stars falling from the heavens . '' 
 a scorpion crawled around the back of domen 's neck . 
 beorn returned to the village and his hovel , where he found cwen back at her sewing . 
 she had made no progress since the evening before , the fabric she held now wet with tears . 
 without a word through the house , he walked to the back room . 
 she saw only the lance and shield as he returned . 
 `` beorn , please , do not go out against hatan , '' her eyes begged him . 
 he could not look at her . 
 `` i must go . 
 if not , domen will compel me -- all the worse for me , and the result the same . 
 here i flop about , futile , like a bird in a snare -- my attempts to fly only entangle me more . '' 
 `` beorn , please , '' cwen continued , blocking his exit at the door . 
 `` get out of my way , '' he said curtly . 
 `` please , beorn , please , '' was all she could speak . 
 `` do n't make me have to -- '' he threatened , but could not finish . 
 she collapsed into sobbing upon the step , her heart breaking at beorn 's every footfall through the doorway , down the old path , making no reply . 
 witness slumbered through the morning , not to arise until the heat of the day . 
 he joined in cirice 's constant planning as the defense of the camp took shape . 
 i , wrapped in ropes like a winding sheet , sat near enough to see , distant enough to fall deaf . 
 cirice pointed generally in the air , witness watching and nodding . 
 busy with his hands , he often took the young man by the shoulders , or jabbed him with a finger just enough to raise reaction . 
 his familiar fondness caught in my throat . 
 `` we will place the lances and pikes at the front , in case of cavalry charge , '' he told witness . 
 `` our own riders will deploy in the open lands to the north , to come down upon their flank . 
 archers will be under my direct command ; short of a slow advance of their infantry , longbows wo n't do us much good , i fear . 
 we 'll so decide as the battle bends , whether we lay down bows and take up swords . 
 the infantry will establish positions in camp ; we must pack the soldiers tight , keep our lines together . 
 witness , you will take command of these . 
 `` fellows , make yourselves two companies : digging and cutting . 
 choose up your tools . 
 first group , carve out a trench dug across the front of the camp , waist deep will do . 
 this group over here , yes you , take up shovels and picks and get started . 
 you others , scale the trees and cut fresh branches . 
 we 'll need hundreds , not too heavy , full with leaves . 
 twice a man 's height or so . 
 quickly , we have n't much time ! '' 
 outside the deep forest , domen thundered at his assortment of minions . 
 though clinging to the shadows of the wood , he could not avoid the sun 's exposure , adding light to his foul temper . 
 brandishing a whip , backed by begietan and his deputies , he drove his fighters into formation and drilled them in his tactics . 
 `` we will sweep down upon them hard ! 
 they threaten your homes , to rape your wives , devour your children ! 
 you must slaughter this creeping menace ! 
 you must wipe them out ! 
 the cavalry will come down upon them first , and hard ! 
 the infantry will charge behind , hard ! 
 we will pound , and pound , and pound away ! 
 you , my troops , my right in feallengod , will bring down all the evil upon them that i give you ! 
 not one will remain standing , not one ! 
 they make much of that tree within the rubbish heap -- i allow no other symbol ! 
 bring me its head ! '' 
 his men raised all the enthusiasm they could , and some woodsmen set off to execute the tree . 
 these farmers and mill workers , miners and cobblers , only that morning cast their thoughts only to their trades . 
 not a soldier among them , though they took up arms of their own accord , they trembled to hear of what lay ahead . 
 beorn tried to work into the heart of the throng , to escape the blows and humiliation of his son begietan 's bullying . 
 hastily , over no more than two or three days , the army organized and trained . 
 these were the scruffy growth of begietan 's gang once humiliated by gelic-el . 
 the ragged battalions bore no polish , but at least their weapons no longer posed threat to their own ranks . 
 finally domen 's patience ran its course . 
 `` begietan ! '' 
 the voice roared . 
 `` we march on the camp tonight ! '' 
 `` these men bleed raw ! 
 their fighting will do them more harm than their enemies can hope to , '' begietan spat his disdain . 
 `` if i needed your advice ... '' domen gritted his teeth . 
 `` you 'll not know that pleasure ! 
 i want it not now , nor ever ! 
 i care not how they die , nor if they die . 
 get ready to march ! '' 
 begietan scowled . 
 `` all right , you people , you heard him ! 
 get into ranks ! '' 
 the green switch in hand streaked red upon necks and shoulders . 
 three nights she sat alone , and for three nights cwen did not sleep . 
 the interminable days dragged , the nights worse still . 
 her fears for her husband and sons mocked the quiet , and she wept until her tears were exhausted , until the night fell fully upon her heart . 
 witness watched the sun retreating over the mountain range , the musky dark filling his nostrils . 
 the island 's high peaks cast dusk early upon the moors . 
 he looked to cirice and heaved a sigh . 
 `` each passing day draws them closer , '' said cirice . 
 `` yes . 
 a clear sky tonight , likely , with a full moon -- domen will not like it so . 
 can we do no more to prepare ? '' 
 `` bid the men continue fasting into the night -- keep them sharp . 
 and pray . '' 
 beorn sat upon the ground , wiping an oily cloth along the blade of a dagger . 
 begietan swaggered behind and sniffed at his father 's bedraggled appearance . 
 cwen rocked silently before a slowly dying fire , staring blankly into the coals . 
 witness walked the lines of the infantry , securing armor and making his charges alert . 
 yet his own thoughts wandered to the orchards , and the single tree of the ashes . 
 and there sat i , lord of my domain , self-reliant to the end , held tight by my wooden guard . 
 the folly of my pride strutted before me , struggling there against the ropes and muzzle i had chosen for myself , no more than just another inert object in camp . 
 my captors ' indifference completed my dissolution , found out a traitor and made an impotent fool . 
 i thought of the bonds about my arms and chest , and about the dangling stone , and how one rope persistently frayed while the others held fast . 
 helpless , i could do no more than watch events from over the tattered edge of the musty gag . 
 what a vain peacock is man , to believe himself master of his own fortunes . 
 how fickle our passing days seem to us , when truly guided by those who rule , though they remain unseen to us . 
 let go , oh man ; you do not even know what to desire . 
 domen croaked the order : `` march to your glory , men ! 
 serve me well ! 
 march to victory for the lion of feallengod ! '' 
 cirice stood at the front of camp alongside the sentries , the sharpest eyes scanning for movement upon the outlying country . 
 seconds slowed , breath held , and still they watched in wait . 
 then it came : massive numbers of men , mounted and on foot , appeared from around the southern foothills . 
 their ranks approached rapidly , the cavalry at a canter and infantry behind , pushing a swift pace to keep up . 
 `` they come ! 
 look lively , they approach ! '' 
 cirice called out as he sprinted to camp , through the lancers and archers and into the infantry . 
 the men roused themselves with a mighty shout , awakening an explosive fluttering of wings as great flocks of the birds of the heavens took flight from the canopy of trees overhead . 
 the women and families of the camp , who had come to minister to the soldiers , retreated toward the ocean 's shore . 
 i uselessly awaited fate . 
 `` they come ! 
 go , alert the horsemen ! 
 and try not to get your butt killed , '' and cirice dispatched a courier to the north . 
 `` they come ! 
 though many or few , they avail nothing against the promise of ecealdor ! 
 stand fast ! 
 stand fast ! 
 he will return ! 
 may these men not prevail against him ! '' 
 cirice climbed to a post on a high platform , spying out the advance . 
 peering intently , he saw that domen himself led , mounted upon a burly horse that only emphasized his own gaunt , wasted frame . 
 begietan rode beside , and then both flanked in turn by more chargers than cirice could make out . 
 beorn lost himself among the multitude of infantry bringing up the rear . 
 cirice jumped from his post to take up a bow alongside the archers . 
 about three hundred yards from camp , domen 's army paused . 
 riders and infantry alike milled about , and indistinct voices shouted mottled orders . 
 torchlight flashed , menacing , off long swords and pikes . 
 cirice 's men strained their necks to spot the distant enemy . 
 then , without apparent cause , the horses startled and the mounted troops broke into a charge ; a breath 's moment later the camp heard the sudden blaring of a brassy horn . 
 at full gallop the brutes bore down upon the camp ; a banner emblazoned with a gilt lion rode at their head , flickering in the wind . 
 the camp 's lancers , their weapons planted in the ground , leaning toward the attack , braced against the brunt of the crashing wave of onslaught . 
 `` stand fast ! 
 stand fast ! '' 
 abruptly , horses pressing in so close that the men felt the mists of their husky snorting , the line of cavalry disappeared into a writhing , tumbling confusion of legs and bodies engulfed in the terrible dark . 
 a melee of twisted flesh and cursing spewed from below into the night air . 
 the weak covering of branches , camouflaged by leaves and shadows , had given way under the horses and sent them screaming into cirice 's trench directly in front of his lancers . 
 yet so many yards away , i winced and jarred against my bonds at the impact of the carnage . 
 even at my distance , i saw the flash of terror in their eyes ; i saw men thrown upon the piercing spears . 
 the animals struggled to regain their feet , scores of riders swallowed and crushed beneath their rolling bodies . 
 horses not at the front of the charge managed to stop short at the ditch 's edge , discarding their riders into the fray . 
 at best , horsemen who remained unscathed had to abandon their refusing mounts and proceed on foot . 
 as domen 's infantry struggled to cross the heaving mass of bodies , the lancers engaged them head-on with unrelenting , stabbing thrusts , pikes held high overhead . 
 the archers let fly arrows in a high arc , returning again a deadly rain upon the rear of domen 's infantry . 
 witness ' foot soldiers girded themselves for a new offensive , sure to come . 
 domen , still mounted , cursed and berated his men , as did begietan , shooting well-considered and well-aimed arrows . 
 as domen 's forces began to regain their bearings , the small cavalry from the camp swept down at a gallop from the north . 
 this tiny force -- pounding hooves racing past so perilously close that i feared for my legs -- larger in bravado than strength , showed themselves ready to trade teeth for flesh , surely charging into their deaths . 
 the northern flank of domen 's army fell into disarray , and many broke and ran , including beorn , who found cover in a low thicket . 
 but i could see massive numbers of domen 's infantry advancing , slow like a grinding wheel , and pouring into the breach , grasping hold of bridles and pulling riders down ; the advantage of cirice 's forces soon passed . 
 witness ordered the infantry into frontal attack . 
 cirice signaled the archers to take up swords and join the advance . 
 this second wave again set back domen 's forces , but still line after line of his infantry continued to join the battle . 
 solid footing among the fallen bodies failed the grappling men . 
 cirice stood in the thick of the fighting , wielding his sword against three and four foes at once . 
 a heavy blow from a scimitar broke his blade right in two . 
 `` piece of crap ! '' 
 he bellowed , and plowed into his adversaries with no more than his shield , bowling them over backwards . 
 a second later and the shield too was gone in pieces , and cirice picked up a discarded axe , wielding it with all the strength of both arms , daring his opponents to draw near . 
 witness waded into the infantry , directing movement and encouraging the men to hold their ground . 
 lanterns and torches upset by the struggle ignited small fires in the underbrush and peaty soil ; holding a line together grew yet more difficult . 
 as the enemy swelled toward them , witness could pick out familiar faces , each one bent upon killing him . 
 his short sword served well , though each blow landing upon a man of feallengod stabbed his own heart also . 
 somewhere amid the clash beorn concealed himself within his hedge . 
 the swarm of domen 's army gradually claimed the upper hand . 
 `` press up to the trench ! 
 hold the trench ! '' 
 cirice screamed over the incredible clashing , but to no avail . 
 he , and witness , and all the men of the camp understood the dawn of being overwhelmed . 
 to the right a man slung a sword wildly with one hand ; witness ' stomach knotted to see the man 's other hand , swinging , useless , from a bloody gash halfway down his forearm . 
 cirice strained toward better fighting ground , but bodies of fallen comrades held fast his feet . 
 and still domen 's army drove harder and harder . 
 the attacking numbers swelled , just too great ; each of the camp 's small victories dissolved into the air as the onslaught continued . 
 war certainly shows mankind at its worst , the fruit of ambition and greed realized . 
 yet in the midst of all its bloody outrage , man can show himself altruistic as well . 
 i sat in safety and pondered such things as i saw my fellow islanders on both sides falling at the cruel edges of swords and knives . 
 many tried to drag wounded countrymen to safety , only then cut down themselves . 
 others sought escape , only to meet the weapons of their mates . 
 a stifling dust that rose and mixed with the mist plagued my nose and throat , and i remained unable to prevent any of it . 
 and then , as if sent only to increase my affliction , there stood gastgedal . 
 again , out of all the multitude of feallengod , he had found me . 
 `` ah , what a grand spy you be ! '' 
 he greeted me . 
 with the battle swarming all around , as though not a single soldier took notice of him , the old villain squatted before me , beaming with grinning sarcasm . 
 `` well you serve your master , supporting that tree . 
 your weakness will speak well of you in his courts . '' 
 i made grunting sounds , so well gagged was i , pleading to be set free . 
 my squirming at the ropes only added to gastgedal 's entertainment , and he in turn let me remain his captive audience . 
 `` yes , you fool , strive against the bondage ! 
 struggle against the grip of slavery ! 
 you can not escape ! 
 and i will not release you . 
 you and me , we belong together ! 
 never would i think of abandoning you . '' 
 he stood again and began to pace , hanging his head at me . 
 `` long you 've thought you had control , that you serve yourself , but time has come to show that you serve me . 
 though once we romped together with gladness , i sense reluctance in you lately . 
 this does not please me . 
 and now you are at my mercy , no ? 
 will i let you go ? 
 will you pursue your way or mine ? 
 think you are better than me ? 
 i swear to you , you are only as worthy as i allow . 
 `` so now you wallow at my feet , seeking aid at my kindness . 
 first i think you have more lessons to learn yet again , and i think i it be who again must send you off to school . 
 you can not so easily shed me as by sneaking into this camp . 
 do you not see , here am i ? 
 joining yourself with cirice will not break my bond with you , friend . 
 you will learn to follow my will , though you hate it with all your heart . 
 you will learn to submit to me . '' 
 with that he drew back the blunt end of his staff , taking careful aim . 
 our eyes attached , his with purpose and mine in pleading . 
 violently i lurched against the ropes , to no avail . 
 the staff crashed against my head , though i tried to limply roll with the impact , and i could barely hear my own muted groan . 
 gastgedal took careful measure of his prey as he crossed back and forth before me , landing blow after blow , i defenseless as a newborn , as every moment i 'd spent with him came back upon me . 
 thus did i partake in a battle , as a battle raged around me , unperceived , uncomprehended . 
 i could no longer see it for my own conflict , and that to no good end . 
 watching from atop his mount , domen 's eyes found witness . 
 `` for your testimony , '' he growled , `` you will fall to me . '' 
 choosing a long trident from a tangled sheaf of weapons , he spurred his horse to pick its way toward witness . 
 glaring down at the struggling warrior , domen slowly worked through the teeming mass of violence around him . 
 in the corner of his eye , witness caught a bronze glint overhead and turned to see the trident aloft , its cold fingers pointing in accusation . 
 domen tested the balance of the weapon in his hand , grinning at his victim , ready to throw . 
 `` prepare to join your beloved coren , '' he shouted , foam spewing from between his teeth . 
 with swords and clubs threatening from every side , frustrated by the confusion of which bloody man was friend and which foe , witness recognized eternity at hand . 
 he could turn away from domen or face him , force domen to stab him in the back or stare him down , defiant in death . 
 disregarding the conflict around him , witness set his feet and turned his chest to the blow , cocking his sword for one last , desperate thrust . 
 terror was only just on the rise . 
 as the havoc had continued on every side , muddled thoughts shot through my head of the heroism i might offer ; ah , fool , had reality somehow cut your ropes , you surely would have fled . 
 but first i 'd have crippled gastgedal . 
 on and on went his abuse , stick and words . 
 `` you belong to me ! 
 you can not escape my grip ! '' 
 his berating rambled and at last turned meaningless until i noticed he 'd stopped altogether . 
 through blood and sweat , and no way to wipe it clean , i struggled to see as he scampered away into shadow . 
 a familiar yet forgotten scent haunted the air . 
 not caring enough to be grateful , i hung from my bonds like a pig from a hook . 
 then i heard it too . 
 a low rumbling rolled in off the horizon , a quaking coming from the shores of the ocean , and the choking dust dissipated . 
 the trembling earth gave warning ; indeed , the fighting waned and then hesitated as the combatants turned their attention in the direction of the echoing rhythm , a sound like heavy hoof beats . 
 there in the billowing vapor , a giant shadow , a fearsome form slowly took shape against the moonlight glancing off the ocean . 
 a great black spectre , long hair and beard whipping in the wind , draped in a flowing cape that seemed to somehow cover the entire camp , came at the armies across the mossy ground , mounted upon a huge horse at full gallop , coming down upon the battle with irresistible doom . 
 a majestic figure bathed in darkness that glowed with light not there , a roaring stillness streaming behind , delicately etching the swirling air . 
 the rolling mists hastened to make way for the immense phantom borne upon the beating hooves , drumming out a bodhran 's military cadence . 
 i tilted my eyes upward . 
 i swear , he smiled at me in my cowering as he passed . 
 `` blawan ! '' 
 domen screamed . 
 indeed , blawan , king ecealdor 's mysterious battle lord . 
 greater than mægen-el , greater even than gelic-el , greater than dægræd-el 's grandest conceit , blawan came and went as the wind blew . 
 at the service of the king he made ever present , seen and then unseen , never failing , never flagging , never far . 
 his might in battle raged like a wildfire , consuming all in his path ; his was the arm of ecealdor 's power and determination to judge . 
 blawan sat erect , tall atop his steed , a great animal bred in the highlands of gægnian , mane and silken hocks snapping with each stride . 
 his head bare , blawan 's breastplate and shield flashed like pools of molten silver , so polished as to cast a perfect reflection . 
 the moonlight framing his head tinged his hair red like flame . 
 high against the night he held his peculiar sword : broad and sharp in the blade it was , shining like a ray of the sun , and from its hilt flowed a long , elegant feather , as if topping a quill . 
 ecealdor 's greatest officer had arrived , the lone passenger of a fleet of vessels from gægnian , putting into the bays just as the conflict joined . 
 hearing the din of battle , blawan had jumped his mount easily over the ship 's railing and shallow waters , hitting the shore at full clip . 
 a cold wind cut the bones of domen 's troops . 
 standing in his stirrups , head back in full voice , the roar of the sea 's stout gales , the great battle lord drove his mighty beast up the lines of stone-struck men , hooves pounding flesh and sinew beneath . 
 men scattered in a deadly retreat , desperate to escape . 
 he seemed a thousand , a million blades , drawn against a conquered nation . 
 the fallen soldiers clawed after safety , thinking of injustice , and virtue , and judgment . 
 then down the line again , yelling throatily , blawan rode through the midst of the fight , employing his sword tenaciously against the soldiers of domen , scattered before his punishing blows and the panting , snorting brute below . 
 `` blawan ! '' 
 domen raged again as he drew near , startling his own steed with his eruption of furious shock . 
 `` curse you , you bastard spore , son of a bitch ! 
 you pollute the shores of my island ! 
 you can not stop me , you dead man 's toady ! 
 how dare you intrude ! '' 
 `` vere cirice goest , blavan goest , '' his ancient accent whispered in the wind . 
 his burly steed pawed the ground impatiently , and musky swirls of fog swept in spirals around him . 
 one swipe at domen with the flat of his blade , and blawan sent him head over heels down a small embankment into a puddle of murky water . 
 `` vun day , '' he said . 
 cirice 's forces again took heart , and followed blawan into the core of domen 's army . 
 as quickly as that , the battle flagged , floating into the vapors . 
 in a confused tangle , domen 's ill-trained troops had thrown down their arms and run under the threat of blawan 's two-edged sword and the hammering of hooves ; they had of a truth been many in number , but proved weak of spirit . 
 domen remembered another time thwarted by the failings of his army ; as he gathered himself and slunk away , he swore never to let the weakness of his followers determine his fate again . 
 cirice sat down hard upon the ground alongside his soldiers , too exhausted to hold up his shoulders . 
 shed blood , no telling whose , smeared his armor . 
 too much death surrounded him to allow for celebration , but he could not help a certain satisfaction at having survived . 
 not an hour before , he had hoped only to make a good end . 
 witness stood dumbly , his mouth hanging open as wide as his eyes , gazing upon blawan , still high upon his steed . 
 the king 's battle lord touched his blade to each of witness ' shoulders , as if to knight him . 
 `` fly . 
 run . 
 walk . 
 standest faithful , as he ist . '' 
 smoke from the fires twisted lightly into the fog , creating a dense curtain , hung like mourning rags over the slaughter . 
 though locked in deadly combat only moments earlier , these men of feallengod littering the field had lived as neighbors to each other long before they died as enemies . 
 the dead and injured lay all about , but unless a wounded man cried out , the night gave not much hope of putting a name to anyone . 
 so cruel irony had its way indeed as beorn , picking his way out of the moors , stumbled upon the muddy , battered , lifeless body of begietan . 
 chapter xvii the darkness folded over beorn 's aimless wandering , and his heart as well , as it swelled into one emotion then sank to the next . 
 surviving the battle had been his dearest wish ; but instead of breathing glad relief , his soul gnawed at guilt . 
 and why had he lived through the battle ? 
 because he had crawled under the safe branches of cowardice , an ample bush . 
 again loathing within accused him of failure , of weakness . 
 to what purpose had he survived ? 
 if domen discovered his desertion , likely no better fate than death awaited . 
 and begietan -- as usual , he knew not what to feel about begietan . 
 should he grieve ? 
 his son 's heart long had died to him ; seeing his body only forced beorn to believe what he had known for years . 
 so fear loosed its grip upon his heart , only to give way to hatred , swirling into grief , then guilt , and back again to fear . 
 the rising sun , finding slim exposure between the horizon and an incoming tempest , called him to the home that had offered shelter from so many past storms . 
 the path , the same winding , narrow way so common to feallengod -- he remembered the many days he had set out upon his own path with the dawn for company , cwen singing benediction from the window . 
 now the smooth stones , feeling like glass beneath his feet , made him ashamed to return again to the hovel , knowing he had betrayed those many faithful generations of ancestors before him . 
 his mind froze , paralyzed at the thought of telling cwen she had lost yet another son . 
 the storm clouds barreled in off ocean heofon , their purplish-black rolling in and out of beorn 's mood . 
 through the murky wilderness of feallengod he drifted until he found himself at the place he most detested , domen 's deep woods . 
 a limp songbird hung from domen 's jagged fingers , downy feathers clinging lightly to his bristling whiskers , tinged red , framing his startled face . 
 denied his mountain , and the relative sleep of his matted pallet , he made do with a crude nest of fallen leaves , dry and wet , dusty and rotting . 
 `` you slug , you would make me wait ? '' 
 he growled . 
 `` your son has proved his worthlessness , and leaves me to reorganize by myself . 
 well that i 'm rid of him ! 
 one less fool of feallengod for me to gnash against . '' 
 `` i do n't want ... '' beorn began to protest . 
 `` shut up ! 
 my problems abound enough with blawan -- i will hear nothing from you , man of feallengod . 
 killing off the rebels makes for hellish work now with blawan here . 
 the day comes when your bumbling will no longer thwart my desires , you vile squatter ! 
 force wo n't suffice at all now . 
 attack now must issue from a cancer within , yet more division , more accusation , more corruption . 
 i will fill the camp with agents , all the hundreds i can , sneaking vermin and bile , starting with you . 
 elder in the village ! 
 you joke -- but so you are known , so take your place within the camp , use your authority to take charge . 
 raise enough men to overthrow cirice , then bend the rest to me . 
 contort their love of themselves , or feallengod , or of pleasure . 
 stoke arguments about thin differences , feed their proud minds , choke out forgiving ways with complaint . 
 wrap them up in trifles , whatever divides . 
 use all the lies you can contrive . '' 
 `` i do n't want ... '' beorn 's voice bleated . 
 `` a plague upon you ! 
 damned , putrid rodent ! 
 get out of my sight ! 
 out of my sight ! '' 
 domen 's words and arms whipped into frenzy , firing at beorn with rocks and logs much too great for him to have reasonably lifted . 
 beorn ran from the wood , as domen 's diatribe rang through his head , again retreating and lost . 
 he resumed his wandering , a sojourner in his own land , thoughts colliding within his mind . 
 unable to think , unwilling to concentrate , beorn tried to arrive nowhere . 
 at last , out of duty or perhaps desperation , he turned back for the moors . 
 perhaps he should obey his orders ; perhaps hatan would tell him what to do . 
 this time , he promised himself , he would listen to hatan . 
 the threatening clouds gave up their rain as he made for the camp -- heavy , full drops pelted his face . 
 the downpour 's pattering upon the ground , a million times multiplied , sounded like the growling purr of a ravening lion . 
 head down , beorn trudged as the mud grasped sucking hold of his feet . 
 slimy rocks and slick , leaf-covered trails left him slipping and sliding along his way . 
 many times he went down , struggling mightily back to his feet , bruised and scraped , covered with the muck of his world , rain still pouring . 
 arriving at the outskirts of the camp at last , he lifted his head to see nothing but the destruction of the night before . 
 bodies still lay upon the ground , but only those of domen 's followers . 
 beorn halted , puzzled at the spreading scene of ruin : arrows lying about harmlessly , bloody spears sticking into the soil . 
 only then did he realize the silence of the camp ; he heard nothing but the drone of the rain . 
 his face aghast , he broke into a run deep into the moors , water flaring into the air at each footfall . 
 no braying of donkeys greeted him , no barking of dogs , no clattering of cooking pots , and no sentries appeared from the cover to call him to account . 
 in camp , the fires ' last dying embers smoldered against the rain , supplies and weapons littered the ground , and spies struggled mutely against their trusses . 
 among them sat i , rain washing away the dried blood of my beating ; my wild expressions and pitiful grunting pleaded with beorn , but his eyes seemed to have grown darkened , veiled in a milky , muddy glaze , not as though he were going blind , but as if all the light had drained out of him . 
 his gaze appeared both directionless and ranging far beyond me , straining to glimpse hatan , or any of his fellows , staring deep into the expanse of the horizon . 
 cirice was gone . 
 hatan was missing , too , as well all the men , the living and wounded , the dead and dying . 
 gone too were the wives , the sons and the daughters who had chosen to tend to the men of the camp . 
 a peal of thunder , and a terrifying thought flashed like the lightning . 
 as the storm beat upon him , beorn sprinted through the marshes toward the eastern bays . 
 he quickly ran far into the distance , until finally his feet pounded upon the wooden docks , the only answer a hollow echo . 
 his eyes froze upon the sight he had dreaded , his feet skidding to a halt , barely clinging to the edge of the pier . 
 proud on the ocean 's surface rose the masts and sails of blawan 's longboats , distant on the waters of heofon . 
 upon the masts ' highest pinnacle waved the flag of gægnian . 
 blawan had journeyed the vast distance to feallengod not just to defend cirice and all his number , but also to seal their passage to the courts of the king . 
 these cursed eyes had lain witness to it all . 
 after the battle blawan cut short the muted celebration and directed every man , woman and child to the boats . 
 first the dead , treated with royal respect and deference , washed and wrapped in white linen . 
 then the wounded , their injuries tended , helped down to the docks . 
 last the healthy , followed by cirice , witness , and finally blawan . 
 the mighty warrior offered tender care to even the least , even the most frail , stabbing at my cold heart , and i called out . 
 but the gag prevented me -- i called , how i begged ! 
 was i not too wounded ? 
 my efforts even yet fell well short , and once again i believed myself abandoned . 
 yet another brush with royal grace , my refusal bittersweet with longing as well . 
 i had bound myself to the curse , and the curse held me in its grip . 
 beorn 's despair washed over him like the deluge : in that moment he realized in stunned epiphany that all he wanted then , or had ever wanted , was aboard those ships set out for gægnian . 
 a scream arose in his chest , and he tore at his waistcoat ; beorn collapsed to his knees and wept , but tears in their weakness only mocked the depth of his hopelessness . 
 the uncaring rain washed away the witness of his sorrow , and i could only listen to his distant anguish . 
 *** deep in the bowels of the woods , under nature 's gracious covering , domen bent oblivious to the rain as his scheming built upon itself . 
 perched upon a stone , his elbows dug into a large oaken stump that served as a rough table . 
 `` i can bring them down , or i can raise them high . 
 either way , i win . 
 i will tear them apart , through pride or poverty . 
 i will break them apart until they curse ecealdor , and forget coren altogether . '' 
 at a twittering sound , domen turned his head to two simpering faces , similar in appearance , eyes adoring him with anticipation as if to suggest they fed from his attention , and he might feed off them . 
 they appeared familiar to him . 
 `` lord domen , we come to you , mann and cynn draca , '' said one . 
 `` i am mann , he is cynn . '' 
 between breaths the two laughed like chirping birds through their noses . 
 to this point i have spared myself telling of the draca twins , but they forced themselves upon the island , and now again upon me . 
 suffer long , my mind , yield not your peace to the tale of these vile serpents . 
 my king , forgive the words i must sacrifice to these , your enemies ! 
 yet claim i any more better ? 
 of what use such comparison , for the depth of their guilt does nothing to clear mine . 
 indeed , my wickedness , as theirs , overflowed the island long before the reign of domen . 
 vultures to the poor , they grew rich with swindle . 
 the clever would never fall victim to their clumsy cheating , so they made game of only the foolish and feeble . 
 the weaker the prey , the better , for their concern ; one penny stolen pleased them as well as a million . 
 as the law of ecealdor waned from the people 's thoughts , the draca twins took advantage quickly . 
 and yet they hesitated to fall behind domen , always testing the wind . 
 at last they knew the time to throw their lot , and now offered their foul services . 
 `` i know you , from behind the corners of the village , '' said domen , briefly looking them up and down . 
 `` we run the alchemy shop . '' 
 `` idle work for the stupid . 
 tell me your offerings before i flay you . 
 i have no time to tolerate fools . '' 
 `` you know us from your army , too . 
 we fought the great battle . '' 
 and mirth like fools washed over their faces . 
 `` i know who marched with me , and i would remember your vomitous presence . '' 
 domen glowered at the two , setting them to more nervous twittering . 
 `` you judge rightly , lord domen . 
 we fought not at all . 
 we stayed home . 
 we hid . '' 
 `` did you make your journey here to brag ? '' 
 `` we come because we love you , lord domen . '' 
 `` you tease me with falsehood -- better yet if you believe it . 
 if you look to curry favor , you have much to prove . 
 but you show potential . '' 
 `` we wish to serve you now , lord domen . 
 we would make no soldiers , never , do n't want to get hurt , but your man begietan fell dead , very dead . '' 
 and again the laughing . 
 `` just as well to be rid of him , and you may join him if you wish . '' 
 `` make us your aides now , lord . 
 we tell the people what to think , at our shop , and to think of you , and we can make support for you . 
 we know ways to conjure desire , secret ways . 
 give them not long , they will hunger to follow you or die . '' 
 `` and how do the people think of me now ? '' 
 `` oh , with great love they love you , lord domen , they would do anything for you . '' 
 laughing . 
 `` they do n't think of me at all , until i come at their backs with a whip . 
 they stay well occupied feeding the lusts of their flesh . '' 
 `` yes , wise lord , they do n't think of you at all . '' 
 `` you pick like birds at my cadaver . 
 lying comes as second nature to you . 
 you could come very useful to me . '' 
 `` mann here is the liar , '' said one , and he laughed . 
 `` you called yourself mann before , '' said domen . 
 `` yes , you accuse well , i am mann . 
 cynn here is the liar . '' 
 `` you indeed speak inspired guile . 
 a father could not give prouder audience to two sons . '' 
 `` permit us serve you , lord . 
 we can tell you something now you 'll like , something to help you . '' 
 excited laughter followed . 
 `` spit it out then . '' 
 `` blawan flees the island , and cirice as well , '' said mann and cynn in one pasty voice , as though passing idle gossip . 
 `` departed this morning , with all from the camp . 
 they left in the boats from gægnian , back to gægnian . '' 
 `` what ?! 
 what do you say ? '' 
 domen jumped from his seat . 
 `` do you swear to this ? 
 swear on your mother 's soul , or do you dangle another lie ? '' 
 `` yes -- no . 
 we speak truth . '' 
 they grieved at the admission . 
 `` i do n't believe you ! 
 you will pay dearly for this trickery ! 
 i will see for myself ! '' 
 domen scrambled from the woods ' shelter and toward the island 's eastern end , mann and cynn trailing behind . 
 doughy and foppish , unaccustomed to exerting themselves , they quickly fell behind domen as he raced toward the docks . 
 the overcast eased domen 's pain of the day 's light . 
 my bonds had stretched loose enough to allow my violent shaking as he passed , ambivalent to his disabused mercenaries . 
 we sat prisoners of time and a fate designed by a multitude of strings . 
 not until and not before domen reached the end of the pier did he break his stride ; there beorn still lay , doubled over upon his knees , his fingers knitted over the back of his head . 
 domen 's eye caught only a final glimpse of the longboats disappearing behind the northern coast , looping westward toward gægnian ; any later and he might not have seen enough to force belief . 
 he came as close as he ever had to dancing , his arms outstretched above his head . 
 `` i win ! 
 i prevail ! 
 ecealdor deserts feallengod ! 
 no more shall i suffer the humiliation of your tiny victories ! 
 no more will these puny men tread upon my appetites ! 
 the island truly falls to me now , the island is mine . 
 blawan departs , the power removed ! 
 for a ship , oh , if only for a ship to pursue ! 
 if i could make the waters divide , and the land emerge dry , i would follow after , to strike you down even in your homeland , you fleeting coward ! 
 i am king of feallengod ; i am just as he is . 
 i attain all principality , and power ! '' 
 the hollow echo of his exultation trailed across the moors and found home only in his own heart . 
 `` told you so , '' mann and cynn gasped from shore , stopping short and struggling to recover their wind . 
 beorn looked up through the tears and rain , barely making out domen 's form , standing erect , grinning , hands on his hips . 
 `` you ! '' 
 a growl rumbled within beorn . 
 `` you 've destroyed my family ! 
 you 've stolen from me my sons ! '' 
 `` a buffoon and a coward . 
 well done to rid you of both ! '' 
 `` you ! '' 
 beorn again erupted , and from his crouch lunged at domen . 
 no stranger to betrayal , domen easily deflected the attack , delivering his heel sharply to beorn 's head . 
 beorn rolled moaning onto his back , perilously close to the pier 's edge . 
 domen considered his prone figure . 
 i watched from my leafy prison , confining me but offering no protection from the wet . 
 i struggled and trembled against the ropes , poor , pathetic attempts , then again resigned to defeat . 
 my hair and clothing plastered my skin ; i suffered with hunger and aching , tormented by the sight of the departing ships -- i had finally earned the night in the moors that had menaced my childhood . 
 at this low point , i drank in the true face of cruelty , its indulgent excesses . 
 after the heartbreak of losing astigan , after seeing battered liesan in the hands of royal knaves , now i witnessed the father of malice at his work . 
 empty fortune , the king , the lord of the mountain -- did they not all work against me ? 
 and still yet i wept only for myself . 
 domen delivered two sharp kicks into beorn 's groin , then walked studiously around his writhing body . 
 he spat upon beorn 's face , applying his heel to grind it in . 
 he trod upon beorn 's fingers and ankles , curling the man like a worm into the smallest possible target . 
 he took up beorn 's staff , lying on the dock not far away , and brought the stout end against his head and ribs until beorn could no longer groan . 
 `` rise , you who suddenly call yourself saint ! 
 arise , and serve me ! 
 love me ! '' 
 never had i witnessed such gleeful brutality as now visited upon this helpless man , and yet i remembered the hundreds of temptations visited upon me to deliver just the same abuse . 
 at last i knew , it lay not upon me to hate ecealdor for allowing evil ; i must hate evil for itself and not rest until it succumbs . 
 and i screamed and wept , because for me all hope faded , lost , and still the gag stole away my lamentation . 
 `` as the branch is , so is the vine , no , man of feallengod ? 
 you draw equal to the uselessness of your sons , both of them . '' 
 `` you . 
 you -- why must you do this ? '' 
 beorn moaned through his agonies , prone upon the ground . 
 domen glared as though more willing to kill him than answer . 
 `` because i am , '' he said , and stalked around his crumpled form . 
 `` cynn and mann , i make you my chief ministers -- blawan blows into the horizon , and i assign power to whomsoever i will . 
 you will have authority to speak for me and decide judgment in my absence , as i direct . '' 
 `` yes , king domen . 
 hail , king domen . 
 thank you , lord , we will serve you justly . '' 
 `` see that you do n't -- just do as i say , '' grim cunning in his voice . 
 thoughts swarmed upon each other like hornets in their nest . 
 `` the invisible hand abdicates ; i take hold of feallengod now , but it satisfies me not enough . 
 i will not remain here to rule only my prison . 
 the son lies dead , the king grows old -- his realm will come into my hand yet . 
 you two will be my face upon feallengod ; my appetites go beyond this dead island . 
 i must work in dark secrecy , so i leave the island to you . 
 `` you will use its every resource to subserve the people to me . 
 their lips will speak only ` man , man , man . ' 
 upon their hearts will rest only me , me , me . 
 rob them of their children , to school them in my ways . 
 no longer will they hear their truths or traditions , only the chanting requirements i make of them . 
 i will be father to the children till all their parents quake in fear before them . 
 raise out of these my subjects a grand army , young and old , and build a great navy , to cross the greater kingdom . 
 again i will tread gægnian , and not at ecealdor 's invitation . 
 he will see me upon his throne , and i will have my vengeance upon him and all who have escaped feallengod . 
 for now we will enslave this people , to turn against him completely . 
 they will know me as their only master . '' 
 `` let us talk to the people today , with their minds fresh upon the victory of the great battle , '' the draca twins said . 
 `` allow us talk in the square today . '' 
 the laugh continued -- persistent , annoying twitter . 
 `` yes , we 'll do that directly , '' said domen , in deep thought . 
 `` come with me to the village . 
 i have an idea . '' 
 he spat upon beorn as afterthought . 
 `` i may have use for you yet . '' 
 and the three set off toward the south pass around the mountains . 
 the rain at last relented . 
 beorn , head still spinning , body aching , lay silently on the soaked wood . 
 the remorse burned so hot in his mind he no longer knew what thoughts passed through its refining . 
 mental images swirled : men and women he knew , the blood and gore of the battle , the dreamed visage he long had given to ecealdor 's face . 
 there he lay , with not a single reason to live . 
 perhaps a stone cast from the sky would fall upon him , he thought , or a great whale might swallow him up . 
 no fate loomed too horrible for him , he believed , except one : he still could not bear going home to cwen . 
 begietan 's dead body had lain exposed before his eyes ; now joined , just as assuredly gone , by hatan . 
 cwen had no sons left to comfort her old age , none . 
 no hope for daughters-in-law , no hope for grandchildren . 
 `` this exile bears no fruit , '' he finally said . 
 `` i must face her . 
 she will know eventually , and she deserves to hear these tidings from me . 
 at least i owe that much to her . '' 
 the clouds still churned and billowed overhead . 
 they seemed an extra weight upon beorn as he pried himself off the ground and set out stiffly for the village . 
 he chose the long route to the north of the mountains , so at least in his mind he would not follow after the path of domen . 
 as he limped past , beorn , just delivered from ungodly wrong , would not refuse an act of unmerited kindness : his eyes finally met my frantic gaze , and he cut my bonds . 
 together we found a fellowship that can be born only of suffering . 
 i tagged behind him , but at a distance , for i knew myself unworthy to offer him consolation , and so i believe even now . 
 like a chastened puppy i fell in behind , because although i had long chosen solitude , never had my isolation been so crushing as then . 
 but the fates cruelly decreed , beorn could not avoid domen . 
 as quickly as he entered the village he could see him , standing above a large crowd , enrapt in impassioned speech . 
 frail , bent shoulders draped in rich , red robes ; and then i also beheld him . 
 at his feet waited mann and cynn , and the golden lion . 
 `` again the time has come for you to see me not , people of feallengod , fitting for your lack of worthiness ! 
 i will watch over you , have no fear of that , for you will remain in my unseen eyes , but my work calls me away from your presence . 
 therefore , i appoint these two ministers upon feallengod , witnesses to my power ! 
 hear them now , people , hear the instruction they bring you ! '' 
 mann and cynn mounted the platform , murmurs and moans spuming from the uneasy crowd . 
 they had only just risked their lives , lost sons and fathers , for domen 's sake , and such was their reward . 
 domen stood silent behind the two , his teeth only slightly bared . 
 `` you know us , people of feallengod ! 
 we have been among you in the village , and many of you frequent our shop ! 
 you know us , no fools , and we give nothing except to gain us more ! 
 if a bargain for you promises a bonanza for us , that 's the deal we make ! 
 if you go away empty , all the better . 
 we may cheat , but never will cheating fall upon us ! '' 
 no laughter lilted their voices now . 
 the crowd 's murmuring grew as the people agreed , the draca brothers indeed spoke truthfully for a change . 
 no secret hung about their reputation . 
 joining together in a high wail , a whining liturgy of hypnotic effect , they continued their hellion song . 
 `` so you know we tell you rightly when we say domen will master us . 
 we always choose what 's best for us , so you know it best for you as well . 
 to make fortunes to come , you had better make your friendships with us now . 
 prepare your future ! 
 cirice and his men left feallengod this morning : we count them dead ! 
 domen 's brave attack in the night drove them off the island ! 
 we count them traitors , deserting feallengod at its time of need ! 
 dead they be , now and forever , and never will you see them again . 
 domen remains true to feallengod ! 
 he claims his rightful leadership , because those who oppose him have run away ! 
 he scatters them before himself ! 
 `` cirice 's men girded themselves to dead coren . 
 and dead they remain , the fools ! 
 they bought false hope ! 
 their lies led them to destruction , destruction they deserved ! 
 our enemies take them captive , but we breathe free ! 
 some claim coren arose from the ashes . 
 we say domen brings feallengod out of the ashes ! 
 look about you , people -- where comes the dissent now ? 
 where arises the quarreling ? 
 where is war ? 
 domen banishes all , along with all the coren-ans ! 
 domen delivers feallengod into a new golden age of peace and prosperity ! 
 `` today we coronate domen ! 
 no longer do we poor people of feallengod have to rely upon empty hopes and faith . 
 we enthrone a king for our island ! 
 rejoice , oh you people , you have now a leader to see and touch , to know and feel his justice ! 
 we have a mighty lion to lead and protect us . 
 well did we cast this great golden lion at coren 's defeat . 
 but this graven eidolon falls short of our true king . 
 it can only symbolize the real lion of feallengod , that lion domen ! '' 
 mann and cynn performed well , whipping an emotional froth into the crowd , convulsive support for domen . 
 they pressed the people into wild cheers , much pleasuring their leader , glowering behind . 
 his craven eye cast about the huge gathering , noting each face , each expression . 
 how he hated them . 
 i glanced to beorn , his face frozen , a death mask . 
 i glanced about again and froze myself at seeing gastgedal . 
 `` people of feallengod , make you domen 's subjects now , make you plain , '' continued the brothers . 
 `` you will do as we say , make that plain as well . 
 if you keep domen appeased , you remain secure . 
 you do not want to displease him . 
 so to make everyone happy , even make him happy -- so to speak , to keep the peace -- he requires one thing : your complete , steadfast , unwavering loyalty . 
 only those who give their lives to domen are worthy to keep their lives . '' 
 seething arose in my breast , and i worked my way through the crowd toward gastgedal . 
 all my contrition faded as i conspired my thoughts toward serving him some just desserts . 
 gladly would i repay his abuse even before this august audience . 
 carefully i maneuvered toward his rear . 
 `` behold the lion before you , forged of your own donations of gold . 
 it stands insufficient ! 
 the tree lies hewn , the stone reduced to dust ; only the lion remains upon feallengod ! 
 there rules now no law ; domen is the law . 
 domen is life , and there is no life . '' 
 i crept ever closer to gastgedal , my head held low to the shoulders , each step swift but gentle . 
 my fingers flexed eagerly to take hold his wattled gullet . 
 i came within arm 's reach of him . 
 `` at long last , together again , my lovely ! '' 
 he crowed as he wheeled about to face me . 
 i hesitated just for a moment at the shock , but then let into him with all my hatred . 
 taking hold of his hair with one hand , i proceeded to pile blows upon his forehead with my fist . 
 my crazed screaming painted me insane even to myself , and the crowd gave room to us as it could . 
 `` as we say , the lion offers a sign to you , a symbol of domen , your supreme leader ! '' 
 the draca twins droned on as if nothing amiss was happening . 
 domen observed the melee with benign disinterest , and i fought on . 
 `` the great golden lion will remain in the square , enduring token of his glorious power . 
 we say to you , now a shrine you will build to house the lion , a grand shrine of stone and gold -- you will find yet more gold to give . 
 you have no need of it , for we dispose of buying and selling forever ! 
 domen lays claim as your only benefactor ! 
 for your desires , you will come to him ; for your needs , you will beg to him . '' 
 onward i pummeled gastgedal about his head , and he struggled to defend . 
 gratified at wreaking my vengeance upon him , not just for the abuse in the moors but for what seemed a lifetime of trouble , i relished each painful landing of knuckles against skull . 
 he wobbled underneath my grip and i felt him go down to his knees , but my feeling of elation soon became only too real as i sensed my body rising in the air . 
 gastgedal , old and wasted as he appeared , had grasped me underneath the crotch to deposit me back over his shoulder , head first upon the paving stones . 
 `` plan a little fun at old gastgedal 's expense , eh ? '' 
 he chimed , wiping away blood with the back of his sleeve . 
 `` itchy for a little rumble ? '' 
 quickly he returned the favor to me , kicking my ribs as i writhed like a worm . 
 so complete was my pain , i could feel no new amount . 
 i can not say for certain what he did to me until i saw the flash of a knife in his hand . 
 he kneeled close to my face and carefully inserted the point into a nostril . 
 `` i will lead you by the nose , if i must , '' he counseled as he ripped a great slash in my flesh . 
 standing , he placed a foot upon my neck , and i screamed between clinched teeth . 
 `` you need never worry about me . 
 i 'll never forsake you , my lovely . '' 
 `` yes , your gracious lord domen will tend to you , and satisfy your needs . 
 he will feed you , and you will rejoice in his abundance . 
 only you must visit the lion every day ; he requires you to bow low when you pass . 
 your fingers must touch the lion , your lips kiss it , to make remembrance that you rely upon domen . 
 touch its claws , they glimmer sharp ; feel its teeth , they tingle voracious . '' 
 the voices drifted across the crowd like a pall . 
 i lay in ruin upon the ground , and i thought of beorn beaten upon the docks . 
 no mocking came from my throat this day . 
 i recalled the words of coren , months of words , that made offering rather than demand . 
 but they echoed from opportunity long past , and my thickened dregs of indifference had separated me then and delivered me now into this unholy servitude . 
 i saw no way to deny nor escape the dracas ' new order upon feallengod , but this i knew even now : the brothers spoke lies about the law -- though reduced to no more than gravel , the stone still hung ever greater over my head . 
 `` any man of you not loyal to domen stands unworthy to rest at peace , not worthy to live , '' rang the voices . 
 `` every man , woman and child upon feallengod must declare permanent , undivided devotion to domen . 
 we people of feallengod will endure no disciple of any rival magister . 
 therefore , to prove your love , domen requires you to take a brand , a brand upon the forearm -- a seal upon every act you commit , every moment you work , every item you take hold of -- a brand in the shape of the lion . 
 so has domen said . '' 
 chapter xviii cwen fell into silence after that day . 
 though she directed none of her quiet against beorn , it little mattered ; where once singing reigned , now ruled a sorrowful hush , and he applied the blame to his own head , a further penalty for his foolishness . 
 now cwen neither complained nor cared about their table , for the orchards ' waning foods had lost their savor : she barely ate even for survival , and her hands surrendered their industry . 
 few times did i see her , and fewer still her eyes caught me ; she walked about as though headed nowhere but afraid she might arrive -- her mind blank , her expression anxious . 
 every hour her thoughts turned only upon hatan , and begietan , and astigan , upon the precious past and the barren future . 
 her heart felt like wax within her , and love drained from the feohtan hovel . 
 beorn himself took to weary idleness . 
 he abandoned his seat in the gate to the pigeons , as he would no longer be witness to the village 's descent into hell . 
 domen ordered him to turn out his cellars , his storehouses , the orchards ' produce so miserly guarded at last released ; the fruits and vegetables , reduced to putrid mush , made more suitable for domen now . 
 what food remained to glean from his lands , beorn so did , though most of the trees had gone to ruin . 
 these children of the soil too fell victim to his spade ; once beloved , now sacrificed , their roots boiled into paltry soup . 
 the feohtans ' appetites had fully squandered the plants and trees of the garden , yet the shame he felt over this wreckage still could not stop his scavenging . 
 indeed , he had little choice : domen 's largesse took prisoner of the islanders , and scant marketing survived among the dwindling number of shopkeepers who resisted the brand of the lion . 
 as for me , i tried to reclaim invisible life upon feallengod . 
 my ability to fade into the woodwork , with begietan out of the way , served me well as i blended into nothingness . 
 i had tried joining a movement , which proved distasteful . 
 my anger had been beaten down -- brutal headmaster -- and as well my pretense of living for myself . 
 true to his word , gastgedal would not let me be , forever imposing his will upon my action . 
 my proud self-absorption fell away to reveal only confusion , and nothing more than a void , like a tomb , rushed into its place . 
 love for years had been a talent lost to me , with no regard for anyone but myself ; now i saw even myself an empty prospect . 
 i no longer found resource nor satisfaction within ; the awful mutilation of my face left me as hideous to see as to know . 
 i cared about nothing but my next breath , and took and left whatever work presented itself , if any . 
 idle puttering about the fields or four rivers filled the days as i kept my head low . 
 my eyes sought no others , but always went first to a man 's forearm . 
 sleeves worn long especially roused suspicion , and yet my own went always to my wrists . 
 gastgedal had been one of the first to take the lion , and his incessant pressure to follow gave me no end of grief . 
 the bottle he used to wear at my resistance , and the persuasions of women , but drink 's fascination had already turned dry for me ; the warmth of a shared bed abhorrent . 
 `` you 're blowing any chance for dominion over these men . 
 every one who has taken the brand is ahead of you -- every one better than you , '' he rode me more than once . 
 `` you 're lucky our draca friends have not already pulled the string on you . '' 
 having lost dominion over myself , i had no designs to gain such over anyone else , but gastgedal had no concept of this . 
 `` not today . 
 i have things to do , '' i made excuse . 
 `` what ? 
 warm the earth as you lie flat on your back ? 
 you sleep away your ambition . 
 you grow fat and lazy . '' 
 my hands pretended to do something . 
 `` i 'm not ready to swear to domen . 
 i do n't want -- '' `` what you want matters nothing . 
 i 'm with domen , and what he wants is all you need care about . 
 admit it , deep down you take our side anyway , every time . '' 
 `` i do n't want to make any decision now , '' i insisted . 
 `` wanting is n't good enough . 
 you 'd best be prepared to defend yourself , give reasons before domen 's accusing . 
 i 'll tell you once more -- submit to us now . '' 
 as his voice grew more threatening , so also did his shoulders and fists . 
 `` oh , leave me alone , '' i capitulated . 
 `` just not now . 
 i do n't feel well . '' 
 `` certainly you do n't -- you shake with fear . 
 you are not fit to take the brand of domen , '' he growled . 
 `` weak and stupid you are , too weak to make of yourself any use . 
 domen has no need for such trash anyway ! 
 you who are afraid to take a brand , to suffer for your master ! '' 
 he brandished his forearm before my face . 
 `` he will show you suffering ! 
 you have much to fear indeed . 
 i have to tell you everything , and i tell you now you 're not fit for his service ! '' 
 i only wished it were so . 
 `` come on , '' i said , `` is there nothing else we can talk about ? '' 
 `` all words lead to domen , '' gastgedal cupped both hands behind his head and leaned back into philosophy . 
 `` all acts fulfill his will upon feallengod . 
 then why not some fun , my lovely ? 
 it will draw you ever closer to the lion . '' 
 `` what then ? '' 
 i feigned enthusiasm . 
 `` i know of a house . 
 it stands empty except for tools -- someone has stuffed in implements to the rafters . 
 they are storing up treasures for some secret purpose . 
 these playthings beg for fire . '' 
 `` do you suggest arson ? 
 i do n't know -- '' `` no , you never know ; it 's a good thing i do . 
 you would like to see it burn , the destruction of someone 's desires . 
 your heart would dance with the flames . 
 how many times have you gone frustrated ? 
 enough to pass around ? 
 then let some other fool share in your pain . 
 let it burn , feel the burn upon your face and flying sparks singe your hair ! 
 in flames there is life ! 
 sweet destruction ! '' 
 he pushed his stinking mug into mine like a giddy lover to seduce me into his overheated impulse . 
 i wanted to , and did not want to ; knowing he would not relent , i found giving in the easiest road , while still staving off yet worse ruin . 
 but up to my ankles or up to my neck , my feet were still stuck in a sucking mire . 
 still , i so succeeded in keeping gastgedal 's mood pacified , if not jovial ; as for myself i found no more humor in him , nor in ecealdor , nor certainly in domen . 
 my greatest desire came to be in stillness among others without the brand , unnoticed and unwanted , but not alone . 
 and hunger burned at my gut . 
 feallengod sought closure as it committed the dead to the ground , its mourning mixed with the forced revelry of domen 's victory jubilee . 
 every night great diversions of pronounced debauchery swarmed upon the square , bestial veneration of the lion , as the people sold themselves to celebrate license . 
 i had seen such before , and had no heart for it . 
 the pulp that came from beorn 's hoard passed through the alchemy shop and emerged a kind of paste , delivered to the people as they took the brand . 
 the paste came gladly , for thugs continued to clear out wares and shut down shops ; domen heartily provided , as well -- the more the better , moderation sternly discouraged . 
 the growing festivity condemned in its emptiness , and as the weeks passed , the hopelessness that hung over the island drew tight its coils . 
 more and more the populace consumed the paste , and their eyes showed less and less life . 
 the village had been shattered , divided into the missing , the dead , the living and those somewhere in-between . 
 a new wall arose around the village , a palisade of tall spikes , each topped by a body , stripped of clothing and life , mouths agape and eyes sunken . 
 some fresh with gore , others dried in the brutal heat of vengeance , held up as example after the cruel fate of fulwiht , my own victim . 
 under their gaze i languished , for trimmed in gauzy flax , with her familiar shrewd mien , i recognized my wife . 
 oh , the curses i pour upon myself ! 
 am i not to blame , not impaled in her place , giving my life to preserve my bride ? 
 what devotion i gave to saving my own skin , worthless , while those in my care perished . 
 forgive me , my darling , my king ; share with me the mercy i denied others . 
 the empty sockets weep , they see deep into the blackness of my heart . 
 today i can only call her better than i , for taking the pike . 
 slowly the lion 's roster claimed new numbers of men and women , fearful , hungry acquiescence to domen 's requirements . 
 the followers of the brand and the paste increased in number and devotion . 
 gastgedal would sit before me with his bowl , thoughtfully , mechanically stuffing mush into his mouth with his fingers , staring deep into my eyes and into my stomach . 
 i had no taste for it , and yet it called to me , and i turned my face toward it and away ; the hunger dug in its heels . 
 those who indulged quickly grew dependant , and they sought it like hubris . 
 men and women fell into its grip , force-feeding their children of this wicked inheritance , giving their bodies over to dull emotion and hollow satisfaction . 
 the more they partook , the more they desired , and they came to worship the obscene stupor it offered . 
 as for others who remained stubborn and still somehow alive , they secreted away what little gold they had , hidden from domen 's hoodlums , but soon found it worthless in this time of want , illegal to own , not enough to secure them even a day 's crust of bread , should they find one . 
 so they resigned to abandon it , and domen 's riches increased . 
 his most fanatical followers had lined up immediately for the brand ; the latter ones made a show of coming just as gladly . 
 some considered acquiring the brand a rite of passage , a show of sacrifice . 
 domen demanded nothing less . 
 the platform that had elevated domen to royalty remained in the square , set behind the golden lion , an absurd parade ground for affixing the brand . 
 a stout brick hearth sat like a corpulent judge , and fires burned day and night . 
 some half-dozen menacing brands stuck out of the furnace , glowing red with heat . 
 long lines of muddled mankind climbed the stairs , each one a cog in a human machine , every man and woman taking turn in the chair at the branding place , right arm strapped like death to a stout wooden brace . 
 a heavy man applied the brand as the recipient writhed , pulled desperately , vainly battled the bound arm . 
 the air hung heavy with the sound of searing flesh , screams , groans and an undercurrent of indifferent laughter ; some observers worried sorely for the branding man , wilting under the heat of the furnace . 
 water splashed upon the faces of those now swooning in the chair , then unstrapped , dragged from the seat and shoved teetering toward the stairs at platform 's edge . 
 there each received a bowl of the rotting slop , glad reward for the grand show of allegiance , so sealing another minion . 
 a clerk kept precise count of those who passed through the ordeal , as the man switched out another brand from the fire . 
 even as the suffering surged , the people came . 
 they gambled away their last , most precious possession on hopes of finding mercy amid the coals of cruelty . 
 they threw their destiny at the foot of the lion , a brazen image of impotent treasure , and bowed to the pleasures of domen . 
 now unable to reclaim my life from its drifting between ecealdor and domen , still sleeping famished within and filthy without , for a time i let my hunger wrestle into stalemate with desire ; beorn held out with greater concern . 
 he counted himself responsible for cwen 's suffering , and worry over her plagued him -- he rested sure that hunger would not drive her to the brand , but she might starve to death without knowing . 
 the wound of the longboats sailing off the edge of his world , leaving feallengod to its worst inclinations , remained festering . 
 his thoughts of futures past haunted him every minute . 
 all about him he saw heartless faces of the village , eyes staring a hole through him . 
 he saw the scorched stems and leaves of the orchards , the soil turned rock-hard , the deadwood . 
 he observed the growing thuggery of the streets , and from all these things , he sought seclusion . 
 slipping into the boar 's brew , he chose a booth in a corner . 
 `` you 're in here early , '' the tavern-keeper set down half a mug of bitters . 
 his shirt sleeves , rolled high to his biceps , carefully exposed forearms decorated by hair and none else . 
 `` sorry , this is all i can serve . '' 
 `` no matter . 
 i have nowhere else to go . 
 how goes business ? '' 
 beorn asked , showing courtesy but nothing more . 
 `` never better . 
 later on enough drinking and decadence will flow in here to make you sick . 
 makes me sick . '' 
 the man looked about his inn as though he did n't recognize it . 
 `` these people now , they come in already drunk on something , and when i tell them i can not serve more than this half-stein , they declare bold as brass they 'll kill me . 
 i do n't doubt it . 
 they turn this place into a brothel every night , a temple for their whoring , and i ca n't stop them . '' 
 beorn wondered for a moment why the man was still talking , before realizing he had invited it . 
 `` ca n't you call upon the elders ? '' 
 the tavern-keeper 's look into beorn 's eyes ill-disguised his disdain . 
 `` an elder like you , i suppose ? 
 what will you do about it ? 
 slink out of here before hell converges ? 
 all the elders with any power remaining carry the lion . 
 cursed brand . 
 my wife says just take it , she says , but i wo n't . 
 i wo n't do it . 
 they demand it upon my sign . 
 this tavern has carried the boar 's brew crest since my great-grandfather , and i 'm not changing it . 
 stinking brand ! '' 
 the tavern-keeper pulled a chair up to beorn 's table . 
 `` i seek no argument nor company . '' 
 beorn did n't take kindly to the criticism , though neither could he deny it . 
 the man 's words forced beorn into the very thoughts he fled . 
 besides , he had entered into this place for solace of solitude . 
 `` sure , suit yourself , '' the tavern-keeper got up but left the chair well in place . 
 beorn slammed down the remainder of his drink . 
 numbly he sat , mind inert , a tangle of misery and confusion . 
 grief and despair dared him try to think or not think . 
 soon empty yearning filled his head , as though some benevolent spirit might change the world for him . 
 he wished for his youth back , he wished for the last several months back . 
 finally he settled on wishing for death ; no other refuge persuaded him . 
 nothing else he might aspire to made any difference now , his neck bowed assent . 
 his fingers plowed his hair , his forehead resting upon his palms , his elbows dug into the table . 
 the barkeep watched from a distance . 
 the chair squawked across the floor again as he returned to the table . 
 `` look , friend , you have no place here . '' 
 `` you throw me out ? '' 
 asked beorn , not looking up . 
 a fitting final blow for him , kicked out of a dusty two-bit tavern . 
 `` no , but perhaps i should . 
 you do n't belong in the village anymore . 
 i can tell who belongs to the lion and who remains free , brand or no brand . 
 soon those who resist will find life impossible . 
 agents come into this damn place every night , practically hand out a calling card : they do n't drink . 
 they 'll strike up a conversation every time , leaning on my bar -- taking the brand , what might happen if i do n't . 
 nothing specific , just veiled threats , you know ? '' 
 `` what kind of threats ? '' 
 `` what a pole might do to my innards , mostly . 
 to my family as well . 
 to my business -- all the different ways fires can start , that 's been explained to me at length . 
 and demanding to know if we have any children -- never could , thank goodness ! 
 already they tell me i ca n't restock my barrels , not unless i carry the lion . 
 without drink , i 'm without customers , so i 'll be out of here and on the street . 
 but no point remains to it -- selling is banned , so i give drink away like the paste to anyone , paid or not . 
 soon no one will want more than that awful stuff , anyway ; domen has got his hold on these people , caught in their bellies like a hook . 
 business may be good , but it wo n't be long ; then they 'll take over this dump and have their way with it . 
 but i gladly choose poverty over the brand . '' 
 the two sat , silently considering time 's maddening patience . 
 beorn still demurred against conversation , but then a new wave of depression hit him . 
 `` why does he have to use a brand ? 
 can he not dominate without making us into cattle ? '' 
 `` i do n't know -- i think he just likes the screaming . '' 
 `` what has happened to feallengod ? 
 where did we turn so far wrong ? 
 at every opportunity to set things right , we chose exactly the wrong path . '' 
 `` yes . 
 i remember hearing bregdan , laughing at him behind his back . 
 so more easily did i laugh in coren 's face . 
 i listened to cirice 's talk , too , like just so much foolishness ; he used to come here often . 
 a day passed long ago that he laid me flat on my back ; what a weak fool i thought he had made of himself in those last days . 
 now i do n't know . 
 seems like everything bregdan said has come about . 
 seems like what they claimed about coren now returns true . '' 
 `` hatan is my son . '' 
 the tavern-keeper scratched his head . 
 `` who 's that ? '' 
 `` witness . '' 
 `` oh , him i 've heard of . '' 
 `` begietan was my son , too . '' 
 `` surely hell welcomes him , that bastard ! '' 
 and the tavern-keeper jumped in his chair violently in his sudden anger . 
 `` he grew into less a man than i desired , but reflects nothing upon his mother . 
 his mother remains an honorable woman , a great and wonderful woman who has suffered much at my hands , so i will thank you to watch your tongue , '' said beorn with equal anger , but his body hung limp in his seat . 
 moral outrage seemed almost a mockery to him , and his forehead returned to his open hand . 
 `` damn ! 
 i did n't mean -- i wish no insult to the lady . 
 i just meant he sold out his fellow islanders like a -- well -- a bastard . '' 
 `` yes , i ca n't deny it , and yet when choices came to bear , i followed his way . '' 
 `` seems like you went after the wrong son . '' 
 `` many bad decisions have i made , but none worse . 
 his path seemed the easiest way . 
 but i should n't have followed any of my sons -- i should have led . 
 i can see i 'm no leader ; my name should never have entered among the elders . 
 i fell into domen 's madness , which has led to nothing but destruction . '' 
 `` look , '' said the tavern-keeper . 
 `` i sat here by no accident . 
 people come through here day and night , and i talk to everyone like you , everyone without the lion . 
 like i say , i can tell who belongs . 
 pressure to take the brand weighs heavily -- you know so . 
 anyone who has n't got it yet likely wo n't . 
 i listen to everyone , i see into their eyes , and i figure some seven hundred still do n't have the brand . '' 
 `` perhaps so . 
 what do you mean to say ? '' 
 `` just put your mind to this -- do you want to live under the brand ? '' 
 `` no , but i 'm not quite sure i want to stick my head into the lion 's mouth , either . '' 
 `` you will come to that or letting the ass end squat on you . 
 your choice . '' 
 `` you have a way with words . '' 
 `` got it from my wife . '' 
 beorn paused a moment . 
 `` i choose the teeth . 
 idle wishing ca n't deliver me , and i 'd rather die than trail after domen any longer . '' 
 `` well said , for soon events will leave no other alternative . 
 so should we not make a stand ? 
 perhaps fortify some isolated place , together with whatever others we find ? 
 then if we can live peaceably , fine , we can hunt and gather our food again and live . 
 if not , and we die a bloody death for what 's right , all the better . '' 
 `` you seek a place to defend ? '' 
 the tavern-keeper grunted with his nod . 
 `` one place -- the plateaus of the lower mountains , by the quarries . 
 you think it possible ? 
 a group might hold out for months there , lasting as long as their supplies . '' 
 `` indeed . 
 surely you belong with us , for in fact many already have started moving food to the plateaus . 
 but i 've also considered this : i remember you going through town recording names . '' 
 beorn 's heart fell heavily . 
 why had this man offered such comfort , only to accuse him now ? 
 `` do you wish to shame me ? 
 yes , then , i confess . 
 i sent many to their deaths , yet more burden to carry . 
 i just could n't make myself say no . '' 
 his thoughts and words trailed off , suddenly choked upon his own excuses . 
 `` look , perhaps you can redeem that loss . 
 maybe your work turns to save lives now . 
 your lists give witness -- what few still wait , willing to reject the brand . '' 
 beorn brightened again -- too quickly had he judged himself . 
 now he could see the point : the lists might help them identify other dissenters , men and women who avoided fighting the great battle for domen . 
 `` i came in here by no accident , you know , '' he said , indicating the tavern-keeper 's forearm with a glance . 
 `` right -- i get it . 
 we want you with us . 
 all of us have failed in the past , every one , all tortured by regrets , so you 'll fit right in . 
 go gather your wife and enlist any others you can . 
 you 'll probably run into many already with us . 
 always seek the offer of supplies , as each is able -- dried fruit , dried meat if they so possess . 
 meet at the quarries . 
 but keep low upon the street -- time quickly will betray us to domen 's agents . '' 
 `` so your planning began some time ago , '' said beorn . 
 `` as soon as we saw those sniveling cutthroats on the platform . 
 though deceived once by domen 's heart , that lying draca pair put our senses right . 
 what domen hid upon the mountain , mann and cynn made plain for years . 
 they make an unholy trio . '' 
 `` i wonder -- the sign of three bregdan promised ? 
 could he have spoken of these three ? 
 what could it mean ? '' 
 `` if so , they could claim another lie . 
 coren gave the sign of the seamrog -- the shamrock . 
 three leaves of the shamrock , beorn . 
 do n't you recall your son 's words ? 
 remember the length of time coren lay upon the ash heap ? '' 
 `` three days . '' 
 beorn 's face froze like stone . 
 `` well , that seals it . 
 how could i spend my life blind ? 
 does stupidity really claim me so boldly as that ? '' 
 `` well , '' the barkeep did n't want to answer . 
 `` we 've all asked the same , if that 's any consolation . '' 
 `` your failings do n't make mine any less , '' said beorn . 
 `` but if coren made himself a sign in the past , then so also now . 
 no life passes as symbol only , without a purpose behind it . 
 you have designed a good plan , sir . 
 i had fairly given myself over to doom , or at least despair , but you restore in me some hope . '' 
 `` you do n't seem very happy even yet . '' 
 `` i 'm not . 
 i may never call myself happy again . 
 but at least i do n't feel evil anymore . '' 
 beorn took his leave after paying the tavern-keeper two copper coins . 
 `` i want to pay , '' he pointed out . 
 `` besides , they 're worthless . '' 
 beorn 's pace tripped somewhat spry now on the short journey to the hovel . 
 as the people passed along the way , none attracted his notice , though surely they cast suspect eye upon him . 
 beorn 's thoughts dedicated themselves only to cwen . 
 `` cwen , love ! '' 
 he called as he entered . 
 `` quick , we must take leave ! '' 
 cwen stared out a window , her face masked in a hollow look , with absent mind wiping her hands with a towel . 
 she did n't answer . 
 `` cwen , dear , listen , '' beorn wrapped an arm around to hold her shoulders close to him . 
 `` we must leave the village . 
 put together some things and run with me to the plateaus on the mount . '' 
 beorn found a tote sack and rudely stuffed it with whatever household items lay at hand . 
 `` what foolishness do you say , husband ? '' 
 cwen replied . 
 `` we must flee . 
 we can have no more of domen . 
 his ways lead only to death , a slow rotting death that kills from the inside . 
 i will have no more of it . 
 all the townsfolk who refuse the lion must escape to the plateaus . '' 
 he talked haltingly , sorting through items , throwing some aside , some into his bag . 
 `` who ? 
 who goes ? '' 
 beorn stopped . 
 he had n't expected enthusiasm , but he had hoped cwen would n't argue . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 the tavern-keeper for certain , but i know of no others . 
 he knows of seven hundred . '' 
 he busied himself with packing to cover his exaggerated confidence . 
 `` a tavern-keeper says seven hundred . '' 
 `` i know what you think , cwen . 
 for one thing , the sun shows barely noon and i had one drink . 
 half a drink . 
 and i believe it -- i wrote down the cursed lists and i believe it . '' 
 cwen emerged sharply from her despondent silence . 
 `` oh , that 's fine , that 's just fine . 
 you mope around here for months , and then suddenly declare i am to move . 
 on the word of an innkeeper you tell me to leave the home where i birthed my sons , to move me to a mountain . '' 
 beorn directed his attention to cwen . 
 `` if nothing else , at least this notion returns the spirit to your eye . 
 rage at me , cwen , rage furious . 
 then follow me . '' 
 and he resumed his mission . 
 his wetted fingers fumbled through a large stack of stiff papers before pulling out a select few , a shout of accomplishment raised . 
 he 'd found copies of his lists . 
 `` beorn , i wanted to follow you . 
 i wanted you . 
 but what you say now makes no sense to me . '' 
 `` the final day has not passed for us , cwen . 
 all the warnings of bregdan , of fulwiht , of coren , we rejected them before , but now we can -- we must -- claim them for ourselves . 
 do you recall hatan 's last night here ? '' 
 `` do i recall ? 
 all i have left to me in this hovel are my memories . '' 
 `` yes , surely you remember . 
 did you not hear what he told me ? 
 i remember well : ` if you refuse to stand against us , ecealdor will show mercy to you . ' 
 hatan believed right to the end . 
 but still the end is not . 
 cwen , cwen -- he remains our only son still alive . 
 i will not believe the lies , i believe he is not dead , and we are not dead to him . '' 
 tears caught in cwen 's eyes as the memory of that night washed over her . 
 `` now will i believe , '' beorn continued . 
 `` if we resist domen , ecealdor must have mercy , for no other will . 
 if we die , we die , but we give our lives to the side of ecealdor , and not that demon spawn domen . 
 now i see myself a fool . 
 his patience calls to me -- do you hear , cwen , or only me ? 
 cirice took this stand , hatan took this stand , and finally , at last , at long last , i take this stand ! 
 i will not despise my last chance ! '' 
 beorn talked bravely , but his voice joined in with his body to still betray the fatigue of his soul . 
 `` beorn , ecealdor left feallengod . 
 coren died . 
 blawan sailed into the wind . 
 cirice , the flower of feallengod manhood ; even he deserts . 
 our own hatan abandons us . 
 all those you speak of , they leave only the prints of their feet . 
 only the people remain , and who of them will fight ? 
 a handful ? 
 domen steals the will of almost all , leaving only the weak in body and spirit . 
 but you and i , beorn , we are different . 
 he fooled us once , but no demand lies upon us to follow him anymore . 
 we do n't need him , we do n't need ecealdor . 
 our home , this home of our wedding night , still stands upon our island . 
 this tiny hovel alone is left to me , the only thing enduring of our entire lives together . 
 do n't require it of me as well ! 
 no one will notice if we stay here . 
 we can survive , even with domen upon our throne . '' 
 the words tore at beorn 's heart , and it bled and wept , and he stood slowly erect and still . 
 at another time he might have seen cwen 's fear deep in her eyes and put aside truth in favor of comfort . 
 now he knew her words just fell false . 
 no demand ? 
 no more would he hear of living apart from ecealdor -- at best , as cwen said , survival and no more , and certainly not life . 
 compromise claimed too high a price for the mere privilege of breathing air turned foul . 
 but perhaps cwen could n't smell the truth , and beorn braced to find his way without her . 
 `` i prefer death , any death , to living under domen , '' he said as if dead already . 
 bag upon his shoulder , he turned to walk away one last time along his narrow path , under the trees bright with autumn color . 
 cwen watched his departure , steadfast , unrelenting . 
 her long , dark lashes caught droplets of moisture as tears spilled out upon her cheeks . 
 billowing clouds painted a gray and white watercolor upon the sky . 
 for long moments her eyes followed him , memories racing , flashes of life through her mind . 
 begietan her first-born , a helpless babe once , long ago , the wonder of life itself latched to her nipple ; he had cried easily at skinned knees while testing his first steps . 
 astigan , the comely man , gentle of heart and touch , quick with wit and generosity , slipping away into mystery that seemed in retrospect almost as beautiful as his shining smile -- surely all of feallengod was intended to follow after astigan . 
 hatan beat like the heart of the family , strong in faith and belief in right , caring not for himself but only for truth , truth he had followed into gægnian . 
 truly only ecealdor 's courts knew where he took his steps now . 
 and beorn , beorn whom she could see now vanishing into the horizon , the tall young man who had slipped a ring upon her finger under boughs of october leaves , red and gold just as now , dangling like baubles upon heaven . 
 the tall , straight young man she had surrendered to , a gift to her from the king -- how she had loved him . 
 now he marched into hope and death . 
 a cat jumped onto the window sill and offered comfort with its head , crying for cwen 's notice . 
 `` then i will die too , '' she said quietly . 
 she let her dishtowel drop and ran after beorn , pausing only to retrieve the one cherished treasure left to her : a broken leather string . 
 the door to the hovel swung easily in the breeze , hanging open wide , as if welcoming anyone , expecting no one , forever leaving the future to its fate . 
 and so did i find it , instead of a chance handout . 
 seven hundred , at least ; seven hundred souls who would not sign on to domen 's reign of terror , and i one . 
 but my life upon feallengod had made me no man , less than human ; and now did the hunger burn fierce . 
 the weakness of flesh does tear at the very sinews of the spirit , and i had long ago surrendered the days of my strength . 
 years of decadence and waste had put me out of mind to most islanders , violent rampage earning their hatred , and i can hardly assign them any blame . 
 as i look back upon my ways , i prefer to forget them as well . 
 nor do i blame them even today , for each man must answer for himself . 
 so the desperate people gathered every item that might sustain them , took hold of every hand that might join with them , and made a frantic run for the plateaus of the low mountains . 
 and not one spoke a single word to me . 
 chapter xix desperate at last to dull the stabbing , anything to quell the gnawing hunger , i sought out the paste of domen 's beneficence . 
 i did not desire it so much as to want to barter , though , certainly not at the price of whatever soul i had left . 
 so around the shadowy corners of the human imagination i crept , against the walls as gastgedal went after his ration . 
 the inhabitants of feallengod filed by in every direction , looking down or away , no words spoken . 
 with me i carried a flagon of the hard stuff , a raw mixture drained from pilfered bottles of dregs . 
 he stood dutifully in line to receive his pail full of slop . 
 as gastgedal returned past me , he dangled his foul prize under my nose , always ready to taunt ; at that moment i produced my own prize and returned the favor . 
 his eyes lit up . 
 `` you warm my heart , i 've taught you so well . 
 there 's hope yet for you in the new world . '' 
 `` this may help wash down that mush , or at least dull the smell . '' 
 `` do you complain against the good graces of domen 's rule ? '' 
 gastgedal blustered . 
 he snatched the bottle away from my grip , and took a splashing swig . 
 `` yet a time comes that you will beg for this mess , or wish to steal it . '' 
 i startled at the word : did he know me too well ? 
 `` i 'd rather have your backwash , '' and i reached weakly to retrieve the drink . 
 `` shut up ! '' 
 gastgedal retorted , and cuddled the bottle close . 
 `` only if i say so do you satisfy your thirst . 
 only on my terms will you see to the pleasures of your body . 
 long now you 've refused any grog -- you wo n't mind if today you can only see its good savor . '' 
 he took another deep draft of the spirits . 
 `` at least leave some at the bottom , '' i whined , putting on a real desire for the stuff . 
 `` if you drink it all , i 'll have nothing in my stomach today . '' 
 `` then nothing it is , '' he said , `` and afterwards you can watch me eat as well . '' 
 with that he killed the flagon , rocking backwards . 
 i lurched toward him to struggle for the bottle , but made sure not to breach his hand outstretched to keep me at bay . 
 he arose from his chugging with dazed triumph , belching and taking an expression like an ox had run over him . 
 `` you 'll do what i tell you , '' he said without conviction . 
 again he belched , his face looking like all his innards had flown up into his head . 
 the bottle hit the ground with a clunk . 
 there he sat , no sign even of breathing ; he made a grotesque statue . 
 i studied him hard ; he eyes hung open but empty . 
 he slumped slightly ; he seemed indisposed , but i knew him still to be just as dangerous as a rotting corpse . 
 his eyes glazed over . 
 like a snake my hand struck , taking hold of gastgedal 's pail of paste . 
 in a blink he bellowed like a buffalo , his fingers still grasping the handle of the pail . 
 wide his eyes spread as he jerked upright , wild as his screaming . 
 i hung on like grim death , not sure if gastgedal was there or not , but driven to desperation by hunger . 
 frozen in motion for a moment we engaged in a posed tug-of-war , until he collapsed limply upon his back in satiated stupor . 
 even with his eyes staring , he clearly had fallen woozily asleep upon the cobblestones . 
 i made off with his pail , seeking a hidden place , where the cold mess fell like a brick into my belly . 
 hell soon disabused me about its niceties . 
 the sickness arose in me like a balloon growing , like a sheep blown up on clover . 
 my stomach would neither tolerate nor give up its putrid treasure . 
 my throat tight , suddenly my head as well seemed to billow and pucker in turn . 
 a clammy sweat broke over my face , wet to the ministrations of my trembling fingers . 
 the wind twisted the world about , a troupe of dancers , doors and windows flashing by with mocking upon their gaping faces , and my knees and ankles wobbled treacherously . 
 i could see thunder ; i heard the ripping screams of starlight . 
 perhaps my years of dabbling in the spirits , so much fermenting my brain , made for this reaction ; i can only wonder at what the goo painted upon other minds . 
 a beam of light exposed all the most extreme excess that lay in the latent recesses of my will ; the paste like a stick prodding a hornets ' nest gave me over . 
 swaying violently , it seemed , to every side my body lurched , and i stumbled through the opening of some nearby grotto and crawled like a wet dog through a growth of trees and bramble . 
 the ground had the choking smell of dung and sick . 
 somehow i found a low ceiling and fell into the cool shade of solitude . 
 darkness swirled unseen but in my mind , rolling like a violent sea . 
 in my isolated room i desperately tried to hold still my head , with both hands , wishing myself back into a world familiar to me . 
 to the east , the low mountains of my homeland sat as ever , nestled within a crook in the higher peaks , one of four rivers winding around . 
 they gave birth to the great quarries , womb to the stone that in turn raised up the grand buildings of the village . 
 their steep sides , dotted with pockets of scree , leveled off into wide plateaus some 250 yards up , natural mesas expanded by quarrymen to act as a platform for extracting huge blocks of granite . 
 i confess , in the days that i worked the stone , i often slipped away from my labors to find sanctuary in the plateaus ' nooks and crannies , and so did i learn the many hidden passageways . 
 these flat highlands always did seem like an enchanted land unto themselves ; so the scattered opponents of domen hoped as they sought asylum , yet i lay moldering elsewhere . 
 the flinty soil of the plateaus stretched nearly devoid of greenery , but ample pools of captured rainwater lay deep and clear . 
 the little ponds attracted wild goats from their vaulted sanctuary in the higher peaks , the only animals able for the climb ; birds as well swooped from the skies to drink and bathe . 
 though activity at the quarries had fallen silent in recent years , cranes around the lip , erected to lift great cut boulders , remained in place . 
 the massive machines rose rickety overhead , simple wooden levers , clumsy pulleys , ropes of hemp , stones for counterweights . 
 these the refugees now used to haul up food and fuel , tents , tools , utensils and animals . 
 they brought up musical instruments and books , family heirlooms and sentimental treasures without price . 
 everything they could move , everything they could carry that might recall home to the mountaintop , they brought to their new haven . 
 the wind whipped at beorn 's coat and leggings as he scanned the outlying lands . 
 `` pity about those tools , '' a voice said behind him , and he turned to see the barkeep . 
 `` the fire made nearly every one useless . '' 
 beorn grunted assent and continued to survey the grounds . 
 the back half of the low mountains butted the higher peaks , completely blocking access . 
 an attack could come only from the east and south , he saw , and the face of the mountain , sufficiently steep , promised to make any advance difficult and slow . 
 though without weapons of any consequence , the people could defend themselves here , at least for a time . 
 beorn stood at the very brink of the precipice . 
 at every move of his feet , small rocks kicked and bounced to the bottom of the perilous drop , clicking and clacking gaily . 
 dice rattled and rebounded off the stone walls of the village 's tallest building . 
 a harsh voice called from above , drawing the eyes of mann and cynn from their gaming and up the height of the wall , and there to domen summoning from a window . 
 a couple more throws , and they abandoned their sport , making for domen 's quarters . 
 a cold , stone room on the top floor , with only one narrow window to the outside , it suited domen perfectly . 
 a heavy curtain blocked the sun 's trespass through the single window ; the room 's only light glowed orange from a single tallow candle upon a heavy wooden table . 
 `` what do you desire , lord domen ? '' 
 the two asked , laughing . 
 `` we came right away . '' 
 `` what use do you pretend to ? 
 why has the branding ceased ? '' 
 `` nobody remains without the brand , lord . 
 we carefully check everyone in the village . 
 all have taken the mark of the king of beasts . '' 
 `` i must give all my time to raise an army ! 
 draw out invasion plans ! 
 do you think ecealdor will be so easily overthrown ? 
 much scheming remains for me here ! 
 do i have time to complete your obligation ? 
 do you not realize your lives siphon value only at my pleasure ? 
 my records say several hundred upon feallengod go still without the brand ! '' 
 `` your records lie , lord . '' 
 and the two twittered at each other . 
 domen 's fist pounded upon the table , splattering wax from the candle onto the folios and scrolls , and raising a cloud of dust . 
 `` my records lie only as i desire ! 
 can i not see ? 
 this paper lists shirkers from before the great battle -- can you understand that , through your daft reason ? 
 do you wish to read your names ? 
 these list the dead , and these the branding record . 
 at least seven hundred names remain missing . '' 
 domen rapped the stack of parchments with a bent finger . 
 `` they lie , they lie , '' the twins said , staring blankly at the papers . 
 `` the missing confess themselves traitors -- they offend the brand , they refuse it . 
 every one . '' 
 `` perhaps they love coren , '' mann and cynn said , twittering . 
 `` you say that name again and i will blacken your bones inside the furnace ! '' 
 domen roared and threw a chair across the room , bouncing off mann and splintering against the wall . 
 mann gathered himself from the floor and cynn squeaked , their eyes glassy and panicked as they again scanned the lists , no better to them than a foreign child 's riddle . 
 `` they lie , '' they suggested again without thinking . 
 domen lost what little patience he 'd ever had . 
 `` so clever you make yourselves ! 
 a couple of geniuses . 
 the turncoats not found upon the branding list , they also go missing from the village . 
 do you think hundreds of people vanish into thin air ? 
 they remain on the island , treading my ground , breathing my air ! 
 find them -- find them now ! '' 
 domen snatched up the lit candle , hurled at mann and cynn , who scattered from the room and out the door of the building . 
 for a time they wandered about the streets of the village , not knowing how to go about their mission but feigning so . 
 each man and woman they passed fell subject to questioning , yet all they ran across carried the brand . 
 many spoke of friends missing and missed , but nobody could say where they had gone . 
 trickery and deception failed to raise leads ; nor did intimidation improve any memories . 
 the brothers continued to roam the streets , until arriving at the boar 's brew tavern . 
 `` look at that , '' said mann . 
 `` this place holds promise , '' replied cynn . 
 a glaring light , the sun or perhaps a candle , burned brutally into my vision , and i could not turn my eyes away . 
 slowly a red hue overcame the glowering beam , waxing and waning over me as it faded in and out of focus . 
 deeper the scarlet flowed ; my head pounded with devilish fury , like waves crashing upon jagged coasts , or boulders bounding down mountainsides and into the confines of my skull . 
 the light dripped out of the air and left shifting , flowing waves of color i 'd never seen before . 
 i think i groaned ; certainly i wanted to , but my throat squeezed tight . 
 i knew i rested in the embrace of my shrinking enclave , dark solitude , and still i could not escape the fiendish illusion intruding upon my reality , this phantasm world so mercifully hidden from my sight until now . 
 confusion cavorted upon my brain , pounding , beating ; even now i strive against my words . 
 i prayed for escape , but my captivity only revealed new watchmen . 
 from the whirlpool of black mists , two beasts , two creatures of hellish design , came into view ; i cowered into nightmare shadow . 
 one a great , toothsome snout round about with scales , like a crocodile , or perhaps a cackling fowl but with a tail whipping behind , and about the size of a man ; the other a bear , i think , with pointed ears and a muzzle short like a cat , its teeth long like sabers , shambling in with casual , confident threat . 
 how i trembled , for surely they sought me ! 
 so alone , for the selling of my life to save my stomach ! 
 for the stolen paste , the instrument of my torture , now i would fall into the maw of unearthly beasts , torn to shreds , passionate , unholy vengeance ! 
 they spoke like humans , but not so -- hard to understand , but still the language of feallengod tripped upon their gurgling voices . 
 cruel frowns above pure white eyes , grins split their faces as they scanned the surroundings . 
 they sat or squatted upon something , i know not what , and leaned their elbows on what looked like a great slab of dirty ice . 
 i shivered in its cold . 
 there appeared a woman , i thought at first my mother , and i wept that she truly now saw me thus , and had returned to the feallengod she had already left through death , certainly lost and unable to recognize it . 
 then the face changed , swirling into a young girl 's smile , and then again into the work-worn face of a woman upon whom life had fallen , drawn and sad . 
 she held before her a large basket , in which she somehow appeared also to sit , until she appeared to carry a platter bearing towering objects , like great buildings . 
 speaking softly to the hideous beasts , she set down two of the heavy objects , like mortars with pestles , or metal tankards . 
 the beasts addressed her in their garbled talk , and though she clearly drew back repulsed , and wanted to make her business quick , she could not tear away . 
 i felt sleep weighing down upon me , but my eyes would n't close . 
 `` signs against you , mistress , '' the reptilian beast 's tongue slathered out the side of its mouth . 
 `` lion sign ! 
 forbid trade ! 
 paste free , freedom paste . 
 lion door ! '' 
 `` right here , '' the woman defensively pulled up her sleeve , flaunting her forearm . 
 her words rushed in my ears like a flock of birds , surging into the air then settling again , high-pitched and clear . 
 `` right here 's the brand . '' 
 it glowed swollen and angry . 
 `` show lion , '' growled the other beast , digging its great claws into her arm directly at the wound , blood oozing , pain flashing across the woman 's face . 
 she twisted toward release , but her arm only burned worse from the struggle , so she gave in with a low , resigned cry . 
 the horrid thing threw her arm aside and tipped to his mouth the object , now clear to me a mug of bitters . 
 `` fresh meat , woman , '' the first beast yanked her toward his attention , popping open her blouse . 
 `` people do n't follow rules , dead people . 
 we watch , watch you closely . '' 
 `` i 'll change the sign . 
 i ca n't find the carpenter who always did our work . 
 with no coin , nobody cares for work like this now anyway . '' 
 `` yes , man gone , '' roared the second beast , and slammed his drink down . 
 `` know you where ? '' 
 `` i have n't seen him , not since the great battle . '' 
 before my eyes the woman 's belly grew until it was fully round . 
 she edged away from the conversation . 
 `` but i never saw him that often even before then . '' 
 `` sit , mistress . '' 
 `` i ca n't , other customers require me . '' 
 the woman withdrew slightly more in hopes of getting away . 
 `` sit , '' the second beast caught her again by the wrist , and her arm slipped all the way down into its gaping throat . 
 she saw she had no choice . 
 my head fell backward and banged against a hard surface . 
 something was crawling under my skin . 
 `` customers ? 
 forbid trade ! 
 tell them us . 
 any drunkards wasted not here , no still come ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 the scene shimmered back into view , and i saw the woman still had her arm . 
 i do n't know how . 
 `` what , do n't know , '' bellowed the first beast , greatly indignant . 
 `` no games play us , bitch . 
 answer . '' 
 `` i do n't know , i tell you ! '' 
 insisted the woman , afraid and frantic to make them believe . 
 `` i did n't work here until a fortnight ago ! 
 i stayed home . 
 my husband worked this place until he left ! '' 
 her face distorted into a deeper and different anguish , an expression as sad and awful to behold as those of the beasts . 
 `` husband left ? '' 
 the second beast purred , as though concerned . 
 then in my eyes it changed , melting into the image of begietan , smiling in his foul way . 
 his eyes misted sentimental , until they turned vacant , and opened into round sockets , his smile stretching across macabre teeth , and he became a severed head upon its pole . 
 the smile turned into gastgedal 's sick grin . 
 i shook with terror , greater so than the woman . 
 why did she not flee ? 
 the skull 's yammering jaw worked like an insane nutcracker . 
 `` yes , yes , '' the woman sobbed through tears . 
 `` the fool , he refused the brand . 
 he knew business would fail if he did n't take the brand , so he just left . 
 he said at least i 'd have money , but what good that ? 
 now i have to run the place by myself , with not an hour 's worth of knowing how , and i still have to keep my house , and i 'm alone , so alone . 
 i have no time to rest , no time to think -- much less time to change a damn-fool sign ! '' 
 she fell into weeping , out of anger and heartache and fear . 
 the voice grew to a blaring screech in my ears as i wished hell upon all of them . 
 `` dearest , '' continued the beast , back to itself . 
 `` not right your burden . 
 help you . '' 
 the beast 's eyes did not match its words , and saliva dripped from glimmering teeth . 
 `` you would -- help me , sirs ? '' 
 `` something to think , '' the beast seemed actually contemplative , like a man . 
 `` something to allow -- take away shop ? 
 please you ? 
 then no sign worry . 
 like ? '' 
 `` but then i 'd have nothing , '' the woman , struggling to understand , realizing a cruel trick , though even i , surely the author of these imaginings , did not comprehend . 
 `` no work forever , '' said the first beast . 
 `` i 'd lose everything , '' she replied , laughing nervously , as if to suggest the creatures merely crafted a clever joke . 
 `` then no problems . '' 
 the sky fell heavily dark . 
 i looked upward as a great presence grew out of the clouds , a stone , perhaps the stone , falling from the heavens . 
 but it looked nothing like the stone , and bearing down upon the earth it grew into a blazing star . 
 what happened to us i know not , for as the stone exploded into the ground , all beneath it was obliterated . 
 among the destroyed i saw two bodies , lying head-to-head , rotting in the paste and blood . 
 i saw them with a thousand eyes , and the bodies came clearly to my sight : one had the face of astigan , and the other mine . 
 then the low ceiling again became my covering , and i held my head in moaning . 
 `` sirs , please -- i got the brand , '' said the woman 's voice . 
 `` i did what you said . 
 what has happened of domen 's care ? 
 he promised . 
 please ... '' `` arguing , woman ? 
 forbid trade , paste free ! 
 why still trade ? 
 why seek us help , hate ideas ? 
 new thought then -- fetch husband you ? '' 
 `` you could do that ? '' 
 `` if knew us he . 
 no lion , so not here . 
 where ? 
 where he for us ? '' 
 `` he longed sometimes to leave the village . 
 he dreamed of leaving with others who did n't take the brand . '' 
 `` so true ? '' 
 asked the second beast , only mildly interested . 
 `` what others ? '' 
 `` i do n't know ... '' `` not like ` i do n't know , ' '' said the first beast again in a low growl , rattling within its throat , looking sore disappointed and drumming short talons upon the slab bearing up its elbows . 
 the woman looked anxiously at the first beast and directed her answers to the second . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 he never told me names . 
 he mostly talked about men who fought alongside cirice , all those gone from feallengod . '' 
 `` lord domen many killed . 
 great victory , '' the beast 's fur bristling , his size and attitude swelling . 
 `` he never ! '' 
 blurted the woman , not thinking . 
 `` they laid him flat on his bum . '' 
 the reptilian stood abruptly and grabbed the woman 's collar . 
 `` subversive here , '' he said to the other with mock astonishment . 
 `` woman , much of master to learn . 
 those favored does he crush ; cross him and he consumes . '' 
 the commotion caught the attention of other figures within the murky background , and they scattered before my eyes at the brutal business . 
 i can not guess what so possessed them to stay to that moment . 
 for myself , i could do no more than quake . 
 i saw myself running and never moving , my feet mired in grasping muck . 
 the mire brought me to my hands and knees , and i knew i slipped into a bog of the paste , and i sank deeper and wallowed in it . 
 the comfort i found in its enveloping ooze soon became cold filth , and i shook and scraped at it with my ragged fingernails . 
 then i arose from the fetid pool , my feet planted firmly on rising ground . 
 beneath my feet i saw two forms , facing each other , climbing upon themselves , and as the slime fell from them they became the two beasts . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i did n't mean it . 
 that 's my husband 's talk , curse him , not mine . 
 i 'm sorry , i 'm sorry , '' the woman pleaded . 
 `` much to make up , woman , '' said the hairy beast . 
 horns or perhaps new ears grew around the perimeter of his head , until together they looked like a furry crown . 
 `` what insult from you ! 
 how repent you ? 
 what penance lord domen does satisfy ? '' 
 `` what must i do ? '' 
 she looked up now at the first beast , begging in her eyes . 
 `` one thing only -- '' the first beast 's face brightened . 
 `` turn in husband ! '' 
 `` turn in my husband ? '' 
 `` now . 
 ran out ! 
 brought you ruin ! 
 want him punished ? '' 
 `` what would you do to him ? '' 
 `` not worry you . 
 get he what 's coming . 
 get justice you want . '' 
 `` but i want him back . '' 
 the beasts sat silent and startled at this simple statement of love : beneath the tears and terror in her face , still beat a heart for mercy . 
 they had counted on the woman 's anger . 
 i myself blinked in disbelief , and i wondered how my feverish illusion could give rise to something kind and honorable . 
 but blinking swept no fuddlement , ill or good , from my eyes . 
 `` we decide that , '' the second beast at length answered . 
 `` i do n't want you to harm him , '' her look flitted from one beast to the other , afraid to rest upon either . 
 the first beast took hold again of her limp blouse . 
 `` tell he where us , then decide us what do him . '' 
 adding again to his anger , he loomed over the woman and shook her roughly , shredding her frock . 
 as she tried to cover herself , the beast slammed a fist to the slab , and it crumbled under the force . 
 i saw no ice in it at all , but rather iron , mixed with clay and easily broken . 
 `` no , do n't hurt him . 
 i wo n't let you injure him , '' the woman cried quietly . 
 `` realize you not , plenty harm all , '' the first spoke with measured patience . 
 his grip upon the woman 's collar loosened , and instead he took her firmly by one wrist and forced her fingers to spread flat upon the slab , returned again , smooth and hard like flint . 
 `` new group on feallengod means war . 
 not domen follow , means war . 
 war want you ? 
 no brand die . 
 perhaps more . '' 
 the woman struggled weakly , wild-eyed , pleading looks darting from the second beast , to her hand , to the empty room . 
 her hand held fast , yet the world tumbled . 
 i saw the tail of the first beast grow , and it wrapped about itself and the woman . 
 the tail drew them both into its grasp and a deep abyss , until they disappeared in boiling rocks and smoke . 
 i hoped the vision had seen its end , but then a voice pealed . 
 `` yes , '' said the second beast , as he raised his stein and studied the beveling around its base . 
 the object changed as he spoke . 
 `` war leave many dead . 
 better make end now , before too late . '' 
 the stein turned into a wheel in my mind , spinning and rolling , going every direction at once . 
 rising , he placed the maniacal wheel over the last knuckle of the woman 's small finger . 
 just enough pressure told her exactly what to expect . 
 `` no ! '' 
 her voice wavered . 
 `` before you say . 
 before rash , understand , '' said the beast , holding her hand prisoner with his mighty strength . 
 in her terror she did not feel how it squeezed her wrist , and claws sunk into her flesh . 
 i fell back into my shadows . 
 i plummeted backwards , as though caught in an avalanche upon the high mountains . 
 cascading faces and vermin and horses rolled screaming past as lights swirled about me in helpless descent , and brought with them a rush of heat . 
 `` know us must . 
 reveal husband place . 
 traitor he , save us him before too late , '' said the second beast , its voice rising into a psychotic shriek at the final words . 
 leaning all his weight upon the wheel , it rolled over the woman 's finger , circling and grinding upon her flesh in terrible retribution . 
 she screamed frantically as the unreal spinning crushed the bone , and blood oozed from beneath her fingernail . 
 `` stop ! 
 no , stop ! 
 please ... '' `` important know us , '' said the monster , with either smile or craving grimace , and moved the whirling , turning wheel to the end of her ring finger . 
 `` shame it , wedding band not there . 
 shame , '' and it drove the churning wheel down on her finger again under all its force , the sound of the bone scraping and breaking covered only by the woman 's convulsive wailing . 
 she turned pallid there in my vision , then flush , her face awash with tears and beads of sweat , eyelids fluttering , eyes rolling backwards . 
 i knew the heat and light-headedness she felt , as though she drifted into my nightmare , then awakened by the agonizing pain , as the beast leaned into his work . 
 `` stop ! 
 please , stop ! 
 the plateaus ! 
 they 're on the plateaus ! '' 
 she screamed in the escalating horror . 
 i heard her , and yet i did n't hear . 
 i had seen such ruthlessness before ; what difference might this specter make ? 
 yet still for some reason this injustice stabbed me right through . 
 never in all my hedonist past had i so suffered the wages of my ways . 
 reality eluded me as i sorted what i saw -- what had brought me here ? 
 i did not know , for neither could i say where my sad body lay sprawled . 
 the chill dampness trickled down my neck , and my teeth chattered . 
 my surroundings turned , ever faster ; perhaps the swoon i foresaw in the woman would fall upon me . 
 `` not so difficult , no ? '' 
 said the second beast , and he lifted the wheel from her finger , then higher as if studying it once more . 
 aloft i saw it change again , into the form of the lion , into a solid gold image of the snarling icon . 
 then hard it came down upon the woman 's hand again , a cruel , crushing blow . 
 blonde liquid splashed glistening from the gold , sprinkling the slab , tainted red . 
 the colors melted before my eyes and spun into murky brown , then blackness , and i saw no more . 
 gentle rest flowed over my mind as sounds folded into themselves , quiet shuddering , until i could hear little , then less , then nothing . 
 `` wasted us time you , wench , '' said the first beast . 
 `` may we no need return . 
 return not so easy you . '' 
 what little i know of the vision , i know less about what followed . 
 hours , certainly ; days , perhaps . 
 i can say for certain only that my mind let go the torment , fount of the horrible images . 
 eventually i returned to my world , to habitats familiar . 
 my eyes opened to cool light , a tender awakening , and an enclosed space the size of a small cart , to both sides solid benches . 
 above me spread a wooden structure , supported by a central wooden beam -- the underside of a table . 
 i slid toward the opening , tending to throbbing head and muscles , and quickly recognized the boar 's brew . 
 then i caught sight of the next table over , one corner broken off , covered with golden lager , tinged with blood . 
 the images of my unrest flooded back , and a worse nightmare lit upon me : i had seen no vision . 
 the beasts and their brutality , the woman 's suffering , the plateau and its betrayal -- i had been made witness to all , to the vicious appetite of power . 
 yet again , the goodwill of the island 's rulers had defrauded me ; the promise of the paste had proven a deadly lure , and under their power i could trust nothing , not even the passing of my thoughts . 
 so deep did domen 's covenant with feallengod run . 
 on my hands and knees i crawled out into the open . 
 that day 's revelers , whichever day , had descended again upon the inn . 
 in turn they brushed past the matron , indifferent , brusque , and though her hand thickly bandaged , demanded service . 
 i staggered toward the door , turning from the tavern 's society and deeper into void , only to be called back by a familiar voice . 
 `` leaving again so soon , my lovely ? '' 
 i turned around in time to see the butt end of a staff careening toward my head , gastgedal 's bulging eyes taking pointed aim . 
 i managed to deflect the blow , flinging up my forearm , and so took little of its punishment . 
 twisting into the smallest target i could make , i rammed my shoulder into his gut , and we spilled out into the street , upsetting a group of horses . 
 his staff clattered to the ground . 
 gastgedal recovered first and clambered to his feet . 
 that old goat always looked a day away from death , but he had the strength of a hemp rope . 
 one swing he took with a foot at my ribcage . 
 `` so , you would pilfer my very food , then steal away yourself ? '' 
 he chided . 
 `` must i teach you again who 's master ? 
 do i not grow weary of these lessons ? '' 
 he smiled a grimace while kicking me about in the garbage and muck allowed to accumulate along the curb . 
 i rolled as i could to dodge his boot . 
 finally i laid my hand upon a stone , which i lobbed at gastgedal , catching him on the throat . 
 enough chance then to gain my own feet , i rushed at him like a crazed bull , head down , screaming and weeping . 
 together we plunged into a wall , he blindly delivering one uppercut after another to my face . 
 `` aw , ye little girl ! '' 
 he taunted . 
 `` shall i tie your skirts over your head ? 
 let us show the island your manhood ! '' 
 a tremendous weight crashed down on the back of my neck , and i saw only blackness for a moment . 
 my eyes slowly focused again to see gastgedal looming over me , looping a black leather whip in his hand . 
 `` you 'll be my pack mule , my lovely , if i have to lead you around on a bridle , you will serve me . '' 
 the whip cracked in the air , and i felt a sudden stabbing upon my cheek and across my eyes . 
 from my knees i lunged at him again , taking hold of his ankles , sinking my teeth into one calf -- never since have i been able to rid myself of the foul taste . 
 yelping like a dog , gastgedal kicked and shook his legs to get free . 
 my only hope was to hold on , and i slowly climbed up his body like domen 's mountain . 
 once reaching his neck i wrapped my fingers round and clung like a frightened child to its mother . 
 his eyes told the tale of shocked doom , and i squeezed harder . 
 suddenly my knees gave way as pain plowed into my groin . 
 nothing more was left to me but to collapse into a heap upon the cobblestones , groaning in agony . 
 gastgedal wheezed and coughed as he gathered his breath and wits , and rewound the whip . 
 `` i see you do not believe , still you belong to me , '' he panted . 
 `` your life is mine , to end or extend , to do as i like . '' 
 i do n't know how long the whipping continued , nor even when it began . 
 at some point , however , the pain upon my back overruled that of my underpinnings , and i struggled to move . 
 twice , i think , or three times i lurched to my knees only to fall again . 
 my pathetic writhing fed gastgedal 's confidence , and he opened a door to my last desperate attempt to put some end to his rule over me . 
 with a flourish he waved the long whip over his head , but his skill was not so great as his ego , and as he brought the whip low , caressing the ground like a snake , it wrapped securely around his legs . 
 seeing the tangle , i mustered my remaining bit of strength to leap at gastgedal , pushing him headlong into a deep stone trough filled with water for the horses . 
 then i ran as best i could . 
 i fled like a coward whose only strength is a place to hide . 
 into a cleft between the scattered buildings of the village i escaped , i fled until fully swallowed up within the black shadows . 
 through the village 's streets i drifted , taking no straight line anywhere , until i arrived outside the walls . 
 though fresh from a beating , the cuts and bruises left no greater impression than the sights of my horrors . 
 my mind cast aside the escape from my haunting companion and returned to the nightmare vision of the boar 's brew . 
 the trials of my hidden witnessing may have turned me truly invisible , for though i gazed in panic upon every set of eyes , every forearm , not one man glanced toward me on the way . 
 no man walked unworthy of my suspicion or judgment , as if i alone laid claim to truth , though hidden in terror . 
 in that same hour i knew that though my heart thought itself alive , what i had seen left it dead . 
 i found myself at last at the ashes , grasping for the denuded pillar of the tree , lorn monolith , its support still grand and strong , perched upon roots sunk deep in unbending soil ; yet surely domen squatted grinning at its peak . 
 i clung to the tree , i vomited at its foot , i worshipped that tree , and never was i so destitute . 
 in short time the open road called me , leading to the fields where i had once before seen those without the brand , the fields where one could stand idly swinging a scythe , gleaning little , thinking nothing . 
 how i hoped to find them there again ! 
 how badly i wished to blend into the dirt . 
 so i sought out among the tall grasses the few islanders i could find without the lion , isolated communities , a handful of vagabonds content with seeds and freedom . 
 i kept my sleeves and head judiciously low . 
 in the distance , some men coming down the path caught the attention of my little gathering . 
 we ducked into hiding , breath low , and stealthily watched the company , approaching in two straight lines , twelve rows , perfectly shoulder-to-shoulder . 
 they carried with them a bristling assortment of weapons , all polished brightly and sharpened well . 
 as one we watched them upon the road , listened to their cadence , gazed upon their stoic expression passing , and minded their disappearance beyond a bend leading to the village . 
 upon each forearm the brand splayed prominently . 
 `` where do they march ? '' 
 asked a girl with brown skin . 
 suddenly a memory fell into my head . 
 `` what ? 
 what was it ? '' 
 i drilled myself , and my brain ached for answer , for at times i still buckled woozy . 
 at last the words made sense , and i translated my horrid dream . 
 `` they 're going to the plateaus ! 
 they will attack the plateaus ! '' 
 `` attack ? '' 
 the girl and the others turned anxious . 
 `` who will they attack ? '' 
 `` those without the brand , they have fled to the plateaus , '' i said , not sure what urgency i felt . 
 `` they will be slaughtered . '' 
 `` we must go ! 
 we must go ! '' 
 they all screamed at me . 
 the girl grabbed my hand with both of hers and pulled at me desperately . 
 `` we must run ! '' 
 `` they 're going there to attack ! '' 
 i argued . 
 the girl only pulled harder . 
 `` there will be no hiding for us either ! '' 
 many a maiden has led me by the hand , but never one with the love and desperation of that girl . 
 terror flashed in her eyes , but not for herself . 
 for no reason i know , she saw only the fate that awaited me . 
 i looked deep into those eyes . 
 i drank deep , for in those eyes glistened tenderness that i had thirsted for , without even knowing , since the days of my youth . 
 and i knew this girl not at all ; her heart bled for me , but not because of me . 
 some other inspiration gave it birth . 
 i do n't know why , still i do n't know why , but at that moment i thought of gastgedal and hesitated . 
 what was he doing , and should i know ? 
 i looked in the direction of the passing brigade . 
 i looked back toward my retreating fellows , and still the girl pulled at my arm . 
 my resignation to believe nothing abruptly wavered -- but what to believe , or believe in ? 
 still , this i knew : in one direction lay destruction , ruination , the end of everything i once held decent , whether in admiration or disdain . 
 in the other at least lay life and breath . 
 again i scoffed at the idea of promise . 
 but what if the king 's promises proved true , in spite of my eyes ? 
 the idea finally took root in my obstinate head : oh , my king , how could you have waited upon me so long ? 
 how did you restrain your hand from justice ? 
 without warning the mists dissipated into nothingness , and my brain beheld a notion that now seems too cruelly obvious . 
 should i believe the king , or believe my eyes ? 
 what deprivations i had forced upon myself to remain blind ! 
 but now i could see what had remained veiled so long . 
 this truth i saw at last , that the guarantee was death , the promise hope . 
 the promises always gave us our only hope ! 
 and considered alongside , truly nothing else did matter . 
 as dark as i had walked my chosen path , i suddenly realized it surely would one day open up into light . 
 a spark ignited within me , and i turned and ran , ran harder than ever before , desiring the plateaus , ran to save my pathetic life , and now it was i pulling the girl . 
 in the heights of the low mountains , where the sky sat flat upon the mesa , beorn joined in the work , organizing the labor , setting up tents and other shelters . 
 once the last of the supplies reached the summit , the men attached large harnesses to the cranes . 
 a dozen at a time , women and young children climbed into their grasp and rose to the plateau . 
 rope ladders reached down for the more hearty men and women to ascend ; i scrambled to the top like a startled squirrel . 
 i joined beorn as he helped many step from those unsteady rungs onto the mountaintop ; he hung precariously over the ledge , steadied by a rope wrapped around one hand and extending to a pile of loose lumber . 
 my heart stopped as the girl -- no , the angel -- from the fields slipped upon the frail rigging . 
 without a sound she dangled , her feet hanging as if at rest , and i would have sold my useless soul to save her ; but beorn caught her by the wrist and lifted her to sanctuary . 
 the refugees reached safety in due haste , a final check found none left at the foot of the mountain , and all means of scaling the peak slinked delicately to the top . 
 my group had been among the last to arrive , the entire escape taking only a couple of days . 
 i had never felt so exhilarated ; for the first time in all my years , i knew that , truly , beatifically , nothing mattered . 
 live or die , i belonged in this mountaintop community , and what happened to me there did n't matter at all , now or ever . 
 we gathered in a council at the top of the rock , i joyfully pulled my sleeves up to my pits , and we chose our leaders . 
 beorn sat with a tin cup , chewing on coffee grounds . 
 `` in all your generations , feohtan , you bear the most honor of any man here , and you must be our elder , '' the gathered people said to him . 
 `` no -- you must choose a worthy man as chieftain . 
 king ecealdor bestowed blessings upon my family , which for long years treasured the gift , but i laid waste to it . 
 instead of honoring the king , the prince , i followed his worst enemy . 
 i stand among you the greatest of traitors . '' 
 `` we all carry the guilt of our rebellion , we all scattered like fawns before wolves , '' said the tavern-keeper . 
 `` your regret makes you worthy to lead . 
 because you failed then , you join us here now , to help protect us . 
 we did n't call you here by accident , you know . '' 
 beorn looked to cwen , who smiled warmly , the kind of smile he had not seen since the day of hatan 's birth . 
 he walked to the edge of the plateau and gazed upon the expanse of feallengod for a long moment . 
 the october wind whipped over us in brisk , victorious cleanliness . 
 beorn 's eyes explored the beauty of the land , and now he gave it the last thing he had . 
 `` i hope we brought up everybody , '' he said finally , `` because those ladders will never go down again . '' 
 so as i at last embraced coren 's people , safety at last embraced me , or so i thought . 
 at least i had cast off domen by choosing death for myself . 
 but in truth my self-assurance still stood exposed , and i strode about blind . 
 domen knew all too well . 
 chapter xx the air over feallengod had turned crisp , and the sun set a little earlier with each passing evening . 
 the keen chill that blew across the land now inspired one to feel alive , and to prepare for the deadness to come . 
 the animals needed shelter for the night , and the fields begged for harvest , but now none would serve ; the paste had removed both need and desire for the earth 's good gifts . 
 the times and traditions had come around this season as they always did on the island , but autumn activities snapped to a halt when domen ordered all those branded to turn out straightway at the village gate , equipped for war . 
 a much sharper force gathered , and better equipped , than the ragged assailants of the great battle . 
 the surviving men had tasted combat , tasted the sharp business of swords and pikes , many now proven by the loss of friends , family or limbs . 
 weapons and shields rattled amply , as all domen 's blacksmiths and woodworkers had turned to the task . 
 some men drilled day and night with the longbow , others the lance , others the sword . 
 horses and matériel had been confiscated , first from everyone without the brand , then those with . 
 domen had pressed a proper army , built upon forced service and humbling paste , dumbly obedient , able to defeat or oppress any rival to his thumb . 
 now arose a chance to prove its might , to make an example , to show all the people the strength of the lion . 
 somewhere in the distant horizons , ecealdor remained unwilling or perhaps unable to bring down his fist . 
 only a few days had passed . 
 as dusk pulled its dark shroud over the island , mann and cynn mustered the militia . 
 the men , some barely in their teens , others in their eighties , lined up in phalanxes twenty deep , segregated by weapon . 
 women fell in behind the soldiers , forming companies , carrying supplies for siege or battle . 
 their breath misted , only barely visible , in the darkness ; domen , of course , found solace in the gloaming . 
 a striking stallion served as his high throne , snorting and strutting before the lines of troops . 
 `` i emerge from my consecrated sanctuary to face you again , people of feallengod ! 
 only the most desperate events could pull me from my exalted counsels to join your battle . 
 feallengod approaches its greatest hour ! 
 at last i give you obligation to defend the lion ! 
 your privilege at last comes to serve the lion , to kill and die on its behalf ! 
 now at last , your time arrives to join my struggle , to wipe out the dissidents who corrupt our land ! '' 
 the warriors lofted their weapons and raised a stirring cheer , mann and cynn commanding from behind the mincing horse . 
 domen planted his fists upon his hips , his thrusting chin affirming the mob 's veneration , comically puffing up his puny frame . 
 yet still the strains of wickedness bulked exceedingly in his voice . 
 `` those who do not love the lion betray feallengod ! 
 those traitors reject the mark of the lion , they reject you , my faithful , obedient subjects . 
 while you gladly declare your loyalty , they draw away to hatch treachery , and deceit , and violence ! '' 
 the crowd again roared , now in judgment of their countrymen 's retreat . 
 domen 's raised hands made indulgent show : he understood , he empathized with their outrage , as though they were one with him , and they should fall quiet , and quickly . 
 `` they try to overcome us , but we will overcome ! 
 they try to establish a kingdom upon feallengod , but we will defend our island ! 
 they cling to old dreams of glory , drifting upon the air like smoke , but we will increase my splendor ! 
 come , come with me to this grand cause ! 
 give over yourselves to the lion , even your lives , to the end of your lives ! 
 then will i ascend without equal , i will be just as he is ! 
 we march to the plateaus ! '' 
 again a gathering of voices lifted , but this time met no effort from domen to quiet them . 
 his squealing mount galloped up the lines and back , a banner bearing the golden lion ripping in the wind high above . 
 mann and cynn signaled the march to begin , to the low mountains ; and so they turned on their heels , advancing like a true corps of military men . 
 the march took the better part of the night , but the troops did not tire . 
 domen indeed had molded them well for his service , long dark drills adapting the people to working through the night . 
 the tramping of their feet persisted unrelenting as they made around the foot of the mountains ; officers barked out cadence as line upon line of weaponry bore toward the quarries . 
 in a matter of hours the sounds of the march alerted sentries watching the horizon from our mountain fortress . 
 beorn followed the point of the sentry 's finger , peering intently into the darkness . 
 the night sky lay still far short of dawn , with no stars to help . 
 squinting made him no difference ; `` no , i do n't see them yet . 
 the light goes out of my old eyes . 
 but i hear it -- i do hear it . '' 
 almost everyone upon the mountain , and i among them , rushed to the ledge to peer along with the rising glow of the sun . 
 the minutes marched on , and light advanced upon us as single-mindedly as domen 's troops . 
 soon the mass of armored manpower appeared out of the gloom , led by domen upon his rowdy horse . 
 slowly , steadily , they surged toward the low mountains like fate itself . 
 suddenly our attention spotted a few simple folk of the island at the foot of the mountain face . 
 these men and women , a dozen or so , another little community that had refused to take the brand , and now came out of hiding to seek refuge , knowing the purge had begun . 
 immediately i thought , i should be among them , and looked behind me foolishly to assure myself the girl had reached the mountaintop . 
 arms reaching upward for a rope or chain , they called out for deliverance -- their voices as small as their hope of survival . 
 many upon the plateau called back , others made helpless gestures with their hands ; beorn stood and watched , turning and pacing with agitation . 
 the peoples ' cries rent at me , and i desperately looked about for some salvation to offer . 
 the army drew ever closer , and the risk of lowering a ladder simmered deep within beorn 's eyes . 
 finally he blurted , `` i ca n't take this ! 
 lower a rope ! '' 
 with a shout a gang of men , i among them , fetched the rope we reckoned to have the greatest length and secured it to one of the rustic cranes . 
 over the precipice the end flew , looking like a wisp of smoke . 
 at the bottom the worst of panicked humanity unfolded as each individual fought the others for the lifeline . 
 the weak were flung aside as the strong sought only their own salvation , and the soldiers marched nearer and nearer . 
 at last a single man got a firm grasp on the rope and began his difficult climb . 
 in agonies of struggle he lifted himself one arm 's - length at a time , grasping clumsily for foothold , swinging side to side . 
 the columns of the army moved in without thought , without delay . 
 another man jumped upon the rope , and it swung like a pendulum . 
 the fiber ground against the sharp edge of a high ledge jutting out of the mountain and quickly began to unravel against the strain . 
 again my mind flashed to the stone , to its fraying rope , to its silent judgment poised . 
 the first man somehow had made it a full quarter of the way up , and more refugees took hold of the end . 
 tighter still the rope stretched , grating across the unforgiving rock , until the inevitable end fell upon those people . 
 the rope snapped , and betrayed its victims to their fate . 
 his face waxen and blank , beorn turned away from the shelf . 
 i heard him say quietly , `` failure . 
 is there no end to this failure , this fatal weakness ? '' 
 my own heart fell dead . 
 `` help ! 
 they 'll kill us ! 
 help us ! 
 please ! '' 
 the lost people cried vainly before domen 's soldiers . 
 my own words , `` they will be slaughtered , '' came back to me . 
 frantically the people tried to scramble up the mocking steep sides of the mountain , sliding helplessly down on the loose rubble . 
 why languished i not at the bottom also ? 
 for what cause did i elude the teeth of the oncoming massacre ? 
 more sad than terrible , and haunting for their nearness to me , their eyes will never leave me . 
 i swear , as if payment for doom i had wished upon them , the eyes of their deaths will never leave me . 
 afraid to look , afraid not to look , the people stared upon the army folding over them as they pleaded and struggled against the mountain 's sheer face . 
 domen 's lashing whip stirred his men 's bloodlust as the mob swallowed the screaming , unarmed people . 
 flailing fists and bludgeons blotted out eyes alight with terror . 
 tiny areas of angry violence boiled up like swarming ants , then fell still . 
 horrified voices echoed off the mountains and then went silent -- that quickly lives slipped out of existence . 
 on the plateau strong men and women gasped and sobbed at the sight ; many had to turn their eyes away . 
 i could only stand and wonder at what had become of feallengod . 
 as well , at that moment i knew the plateau did not save me , nor did the people , nor the tree . 
 as long as my heart pounded and lungs demanded air , each beat or breath might come as my last . 
 for all my careful service to myself , though i gave my words again to the king , i gained nothing if not in serving him , and his subjects . 
 until that moment alit , i might as well still toss about in the skirts of a whore , or the tight neck of a bottle . 
 for this be truth -- all the moments that i thought myself rich , i was poor ; all the times i made for myself love , i was destitute . 
 all the times i wept for myself , i gained yet more reason to weep . 
 all my wasted life when i believed i saw the truth , i was blind as an unblinking statue . 
 all the times i thought myself full of life , instead i beat upon the door of death . 
 `` we come for your bones ! '' 
 domen called out . 
 `` that same death awaits us , '' said beorn to witnesses of the atrocity . 
 `` he will call for us to surrender , and offer us pardon , then slay us like a butcher at his trade . '' 
 `` i offer you mercy ! '' 
 domen continued . 
 `` the mountain will hold him off for a while , perhaps not long , '' beorn said . 
 `` i yet carry the bruises of domen 's mercy . 
 do we let ourselves fall into his hands ? '' 
 the men closest to him murmured and grumbled , vowing never to surrender . 
 i spoke for no others , nor for myself ; i knew , whether right or wrong , my end did not matter . 
 `` come down now , and return to your homes in peace ! '' 
 domen brayed . 
 `` i must agree , '' said beorn . 
 `` our worst fate lies in survival within in his hands -- we must consider death 's other option . 
 dare you prepare to take your lives from domen , in order to save them ? '' 
 all of us who heard stood in stony quiet . 
 not one agreed , but not one dissented , and i as well . 
 i knew nothing for the others , but beorn 's words shook me not : i would go to my death believing my own end did not matter . 
 `` if you resist , we will strike down every man , flay your bodies and tan your hides for shoe leather ! '' 
 domen screamed the end of his benevolence . 
 shaking his fists , he spied unblinking for any movement from the mountaintop . 
 a tiny speck flew into his view from over the edge of the plateau , a stone careening into sudden menace over the army . 
 it caught mann squarely upon the forehead , caving skull into his brain . 
 without even a grunt he fell at the hooves of domen 's startled horse , raring to finish whatever work remained . 
 beorn turned and looked upon cwen in utter disbelief , and i leaned back with gay laughter . 
 `` nicely done , '' he said at last to his lady , and then over the mountain ledge , `` there 's all the answer you 'll get today . '' 
 domen flew into a rage ; cynn stood struck dumb , mystified by his brother 's flabby corpse . 
 `` gather your wits together , fool ! '' 
 domen screamed , sinking a kick deep into his belly . 
 `` useless toad ! 
 get the officers together ! 
 now ! '' 
 cynn whimpered and blubbered , but went to his task . 
 domen barked out orders . 
 `` shod your feet to climb this mountain ! 
 spike your shoes and cast up hooks ! 
 take the women 's bandages and oil , and soak the fabric . 
 we 'll turn things of healing into flaming arrows . 
 blazing hail surely will set something up there to burning . 
 you over there , get those men together ! 
 take beams from the quarry and build a siege tower -- i do n't care how , just make it tall . 
 i swear upon my own head , they will not see the sun rise again , not one of them ! 
 they will never again draw breath to defy me ! '' 
 a flurry of activity billowed at the foot of the mountain as soldiers hastened to their orders . 
 we could see the scaffold rising quickly , but each new level made it lean and groan under its increasing weight . 
 men attempting to scale the mountainside stumbled upon the unfamiliar spikes under their feet ; as well , we kept them occupied with rocks thrown from overhead . 
 their bowyers took hardest toll upon us , sending a rain of flames into the materials at our encampment . 
 their arrows flew gracefully high into the sky above us , arching to a slow apex before angling downward again and hurtling into their unseen targets . 
 the heavens glowed thick with fire . 
 beorn put a bucket brigade to work on the blazes , but our cups and pails carried no sufficient water to quell the waves upon waves of flaming missiles . 
 occasionally an arrow found a man or woman , sent into a screaming panic , and so also pulling from the water lines those who snuffed out flaming clothes and dressed wounds . 
 i myself took an arrow to the arm , but my injury counted naught , and i simply tore off my burning sleeve . 
 i gave myself over completely to tending those whose light fell dim from the flickering darts . 
 soon great blazes engulfed whole shelters and stockpiles of supplies . 
 as we scurried to fight the flames or nurse one another , our defense of the mountain fell to neglect . 
 by trial and error , domen 's men grew more skillful at climbing the rocky incline , no longer under a deluge of stones upon their heads . 
 they found which grooves in the walls offered them a secure grip and quickened their ascent . 
 the tower extended ever higher , and the bowmen crawled up its framework like flies upon a corpse , each new landing gaining them a clearer shot onto the plateau . 
 slowly the entire army began to take the mountain . 
 domen dismounted his command to join the climb . 
 years of deftly scaling the rugged slopes surrounding his high refuge left this mountain face little challenge . 
 instinctively his jagged toes knew where to find the next foothold , his claws which tiny ledge to clasp in turn . 
 shouldering larger men out of the way , he worked his path from one side to the other and back again . 
 his glowering face , never turning from his goal , made terrible spectre as i dared gaze down upon him . 
 as he drew ever nearer the top , domen 's lusting sense of power grew . 
 while exalting himself ever higher , he prepared to claim his final conquest of feallengod , victory in his long conflict with king ecealdor . 
 at last he would drive down his island , subject and ruin this people so treasured to his enemy lord . 
 his arms and legs bounded with strength , fed by his hatred for everything so long denied him . 
 quickly he had climbed several yards higher than the men of his army , and his baleful eyes appeared over the rim of the plateau . 
 beorn looked on with anguish spilling over . 
 whether the scene be at the top of the plateaus , or along the sides of the mountain , impending violence surrounded him . 
 i lay my hands upon his arm and shoulder , an attempt to offer comfort , a vain gesture lost in the chaotic melee . 
 the flames roared and spread , feeding upon oils and alcohol among the supplies , flaky ashes dancing upward with sparks on the torrid air . 
 the men and women huddled together , panicked by each new shower of arrows . 
 many used their bodies to shield the wounded , crouching over those too weak to protect themselves . 
 others simply looked about in confused terror , wishing for some escape . 
 the morning showed fully golden pink in the eastern sky , hovering over ocean heofon . 
 domen 's bloody , gnarled hands and feet gripped the flat peak and lifted him over the ledge like an insect . 
 the cruel teeth of his grinning snarl portended savagery to come . 
 slowly he gained his feet , plotted an arcing path toward the people , his eyes burning with malice , one hand 's bony fingers stroking the other , clenched into a fist . 
 i shuddered at the sight , not so awful to behold , but because i knew now how close i had come to him . 
 my end mattered not , for i died his enemy . 
 our men drew what ragged weapons they had and held them ready over weeping loved ones , waiting only for a sign from beorn to inflict their own compassionate carnage . 
 but beorn saw them not ; when he spied domen 's loathsome form climbing onto the plateau , his mind flew into confusion . 
 in anguish he paced the mountaintop , long strides and agitated gestures , the very image of a madman . 
 tearing his fingers through his hair , he cried out the desperation i had long ago accepted as truth : `` meaningless ! 
 every day , every breath , meaningless ! 
 who can deliver us from this death ? '' 
 the sun rising distant over the waters revealed an angry cloud unrolling over the island , yet the surrounding sea lay smooth as glass . 
 a thunderclap began to rumble gently in the distance , from no particular direction , but far from dissipating , it lingered and grew . 
 a sudden , drenching cloudburst -- fresh , cleansing rain -- hit the plateau , cooling sheets lasting only a few moments but leaving the great fires mere hissing , steaming embers . 
 in a flash so fast -- i 'm not sure i remember , but never will i forget -- a stunning streak of lightning rent a gash across the full breadth of the sky from east to west . 
 slowly , and yet as if the heavens strained in urgency , the thunder built until the skies unleashed a tremendous blast of sound upon the island : a sound like cannon fire , or a legion of trumpets , but greater by thousands , perhaps only thousands ; like the crescendo of a multitude of orchestras . 
 within it echoed the devastating , metallic resonance of all the wars of all of history , fought at one horrendous moment ; a sound like the rolling , mounting roar of an avalanche bearing down upon doomed fate , gaining muscle and speed along its descent . 
 the explosion of noise erupted with cascading energy , invisible , terrible to the islanders as we watched this devastating , unseen force visited upon our brittle , physical world . 
 feallengod 's mighty peaks shook under the pressure of the tremendous percussion , as if they themselves feared crumbling to dust . 
 we upon the plateau all fell , cast down , thrown from our feet ; climbers flew off the sides of the mountain like water droplets shaken from its shoulders . 
 my head caught the edge of a stout wooden frame as i went down , bouncing and twisting to the side . 
 my brain spun and showered with color , then swirled into a daze , and numbing fear paralyzed me : the paste might be taking hold again to suck me into utterly deep , inescapable terrors of my own making . 
 my eyes swam , and i struggled to at least lift myself to my elbows . 
 great boulders broke loose from their moorings upon the peak , bounding down the mountain face to crush all of domen 's soldiers caught under the cascade , and the terrible quaking endured . 
 a last , tortured , splintering crack pitched the siege tower tantalizingly to one side -- it bowed and paused , its creaking audible over the screams -- then into complete collapse , dumping men and arms to the ground , pummeling the scattered people below with massive timbers . 
 from the intense rattling of the land burst forth the fountains of four rivers , crashing with spraying brilliance upon the feet of the mountains , and the onrush swept many into the yawning mouth of the sea . 
 a tremendous tangle of bodies and screams roiled at the foot of the mountain as the entire army fell to waste . 
 at the foot of the mountain also lay the body of gastgedal , his arms swung out , stretched to each side , palms toward the sky , a sword embedded into his right side . 
 of all his forces , only domen alone stood safe upon the plateau . 
 knocked to the ground , victim of the severe shaking , he who would rule the island panicked , trapped within a mob of his enemies , defenseless , with only his anger and hatred to strengthen him . 
 none of us moved toward him , nor took we even notice of him -lrb- i speak for myself , for neither did i see my fellows , nor hear , nor touch . -rrb- 
 the storm had abated as quickly as it once arose , and as the cloud passed over the island , the sun directed its light onto a point of brilliance upon the highest peaks of feallengod . 
 and every eye drew to it . 
 i had only begun to regain my senses and knew nothing swirling upon me . 
 i still feared the illusions haunting me , my mind 's trickery making me believe things that were not . 
 falling images like men and skeletons and stones flitted about me and spun into a great mass . 
 something told me that ages and ages of fractured details had suddenly come to their unified end ; and so my reason begged me not to believe . 
 but horrified screams of `` look out ! 
 what 's that ?! 
 what 's coming ?! '' 
 arising from the groveling people , waving frantically toward the tall zenith , gave witness to reality . 
 some tried to gain their feet , but they had no place to run . 
 all stared with the terrible fascination of the doomed . 
 as the mists rolled down from around the peaks , a figure appeared draped in awe , color swirling about it in an unnatural way , high upon the uppermost point . 
 a figure of tremendous grace , of resolute mission , of radiant beauty , unafraid against the billowing maelstrom just passed . 
 i could not make out his face , so remote his distance , neither could i discern his intent . 
 my head still swam from the blow , or from the paste , perhaps -- i alone among those on the plateau had partaken . 
 i did not know then ; now i need not wonder what the others might have seen . 
 to me he appeared bathed in light , so bright as to almost obscure him altogether , so cool as to heal the blind , and so i saw . 
 his garments , shimmering like snow and delicate as gossamer , went the length of his body , resting gently at the top of his feet , strong and dark and rich as bronze . 
 a golden belt about the waist held fast his robe , floating in the swirling breezes of the plateau , and also a long sash , deeply red like sardius , draped over his right shoulder . 
 from the belt hung a great scimitar , a menacing curved blade sharp upon both edges , one for severing , the other reaping . 
 broad and burly he held his shoulders , and his hair hung in loose platinum curls just below his neck , their luster ablaze in the sun . 
 his face glowed like luminescent copper , tanned and ruddy , his countenance without dismay , without conflict , instead displaying the peace of confidence , the courage of absolute assurance . 
 sparkling eyes , green as jasper , flashed with resolve like a flame of fire . 
 upon his head rested a golden crown , encrusted with precious jewels , engraved with delicate runes . 
 about him hung a spirit of wonder , so that every man and woman upon the plateau felt drawn to him , and yet all parted to make his path clear . 
 the people of my island say even the meanest poet can bring flowering eloquence to the stroke of suffering , and still the greatest psalmist can string barely ten words together to celebrate joy . 
 and so , perhaps because our lives ' foundation lies upon bedrock mourning . 
 the shroud that covers each step of our walking , each turning of mind , spreads over in flowing billows of gentle sorrow : we miss our beloved . 
 long we do , for that distant time of embrace . 
 then shall joy be born of suffering , and coren stand among us . 
 a warm , sweet fragrance floated upon the air . 
 i knew the man to be no spirit , no figment of imagination , but as real as my own heart beating . 
 and i knew nothing else mattered , for coren had arrived . 
 he made his way down the treacherous mountainside easily -- he fairly glided , wisping fog spiraling about his descent -- and then he reached the great plateau , and now his feet again exalted feallengod . 
 yes , the prince came to us , the magister -- this man coren returned , but not as i nor anyone had ever seen him before . 
 and the multitude of memories of my own perverse scoffing , the faithless accusations of lying i had leveled at my king , all rushed over me like the dry dust of stampede . 
 `` i can not stand before you ! '' 
 for suddenly i grieved again , not for the destruction that lay about me but for that within . 
 the people , as one , went to their knees before coren . 
 beorn 's heart leapt as he realized his eyes beheld the appointed day of the ancient promise , that one thing came to a close forever , something that even in its greatest beauty had left a tender void in the hearts of the people , and another thing utterly new prepared to begin . 
 i gazed at my knees resting upon the plateau , in the midst of security that a moment before had been a plain of annihilation . 
 all the reason and self-reliance in the world blew away with the wind now . 
 this , the finest thing i had ever done , the one show of wisdom my life had ever produced -- to stand with coren -- had set everything right . 
 from the ground below a glad noise arose . 
 i turned to look , and through my tears i could make out cirice , and witness , and thousands of others , eyes cast to the plateau , looking up at coren in adoration and rejoicing ; thousands who had joined with coren , and against domen so long ago ; thousands returning to once again populate feallengod . 
 cwen collapsed into pure , helpless joy : there too walked astigan , carrying a fawn upon his shoulders , even his death exposed as a lie . 
 my gladness at seeing again the friend of my youth defied description then and still now , and there behind him liesan , restored to health and happiness ; and yet still only coren commanded my delight . 
 in the distance , in the bays and inlets of the eastern shore , brilliantly colorful longboats from gægnian gleamed in the morning 's new light , and the beauty feallengod had once known rekindled there in the communion of the ages . 
 a roaring cheer rose like incense from the plateau as every soul called out to returning friends , family long lost , and every voice sang praises , every voice but one . 
 `` you be coren ! '' 
 domen demanded , exclamation more than question , lying upon the ground , casting a charred squint to the dazzling light . 
 `` i am . '' 
 `` i killed you ! '' 
 screamed domen . 
 `` not so , for never was i victim . 
 you do not know the depths of what i have finished . 
 and so , as i show you , i live . '' 
 domen wrenched his body in frustrated defiance . 
 `` long i knew this day 's arrival , yet never did i believe ! '' 
 with no source of shade upon the plateau , domen lay fully exposed to the hateful brightness of the sunshine . 
 only the shadow of the son gave him any shelter from the light . 
 `` i came to you once before , feallengod , '' said coren to all . 
 `` i came to you in humility , but no longer . 
 today i come to you in all the glory of the king 's courts in gægnian , in all the power i have known since the beginning , for the end was determined from before the beginning . 
 all things are made subject to me , by the will of my father , king ecealdor . 
 `` as a witness of ecealdor 's love for you , oh feallengod , he gave me to you once before . 
 far from standing distant , i join in your suffering , and in suffering never were we closer , you and i . 
 now ecealdor pays the earnest upon the promise , and he gives me to you once again . 
 to seal his devotion to you , for the sake of his glory and promise , this time i am come to you , oh feallengod , chosen out of all the greater kingdom , to claim a bride . 
 ecealdor makes a marriage alliance with you , people of feallengod , to last through all generations . 
 `` make no mistake . 
 i am coren , i am the sovereignty of ecealdor , i am the power of blawan . 
 if you have seen me , you have seen ecealdor ; i bear the sign of the seamrog . '' 
 then his eyes fell upon me , the most wretched of traitors , mouth of the most foul denials , enemy to his followers and his father . 
 his gaze burned a hole in me as i suffered my shame . 
 `` you , my friend -- your heart breaks for another . 
 you loved deeply a subject of ecealdor . 
 is not liesan 's story your own , and that of all feallengod as well ? 
 for mankind opens the womb in grief , and into grief , and many times the cause remains hidden . 
 yet still those who endure the fiery darts but remain faithful to the king defeat his foes , do they not ? 
 and so i take part in the suffering your enemies would inflict . 
 i take part in the penalty of being born upon feallengod -- not by fate , but by choice -- to reveal my father greater than the enemies he banished here . 
 i became a man of feallengod to be like you , so you now can be like me . '' 
 i stood never more guilty in my rebellion , but i received the grace of the king . 
 and at last the binding ropes were cut , and the stone no longer hung over my head to crush me . 
 and i stood upon the stone . 
 `` oh , blessed little island , feallengod ! 
 yes , you nestle within the greater kingdom just a tiny speck , but you have taken part in the greatest victory of all days past or to come . 
 king ecealdor has not established you in vain . 
 in your suffering , in your weakness , you have persevered , and the forces of domen have not triumphed . 
 you have fought valiantly in resolute belief . 
 though led into slaughter , you are found to love your king more than your own lives , and you have served to humiliate the king 's enemies . 
 for this time have you long groaned , feallengod , for now the royal presence vanquishes forever the insurrection that has torn at your soul , vanquishes forever the forces of evil and hatred , and we regather this little island , this grand battleground , into the courts of gægnian . 
 the suffering we endured together , that i chose to endure with you , is ended . '' 
 i stood unthinking for a moment , and then unthinking i asked , `` but why you ? '' 
 `` because of love . '' 
 chapter xxi mine is not the story i tell , and yet so it is . 
 the scratching quill falls still ; it mocks my sanity . 
 the scratching imputes my blessing , and my penance . 
 i remember no more . 
 all of feallengod returned to the community . 
 everyone who had taken the brand of the lion had swept into domen 's downfall , his final calamity imposed . 
 there in the square , the people fell upon the golden lion and tore it to pieces , casting each shred into the great furnace of the branding place . 
 i , myself , stoked the fire , and fanned the flames until the molten gold dripped out upon the streets and into the cracks between the cobblestones . 
 a thousand pairs of hands dismantled the hearth , the bricks put under heavy millstones and ground into dust , then scattered unto the four winds . 
 the platform came apart board by board , and the wood taken to the ash heap and burned until only dead embers remained . 
 the brands themselves plunged deep into the ocean heofon to rust and waste away . 
 waves lapped gently at the shores , and warmth like spring poured from the heavens upon bones newly dressed in the health of flesh . 
 our happy task done , the people of feallengod congregated in the town square . 
 in the midst of us all , crouching low to the ground , we placed domen . 
 the men and women cast an unwavering gaze upon him , our narrow eyes set to contemplating the ruinous weight he had brought upon our families , upon the island . 
 i wondered at my own lack of understanding , as surely did many others , when we had considered him benevolent , or innocuous . 
 at last we saw -- his power had reigned over us even when we believed not in him , as the words of the law wore away . 
 now , the strength and authority of coren exposed domen as nothing more than the unwitting , disabused victim of his own lust for destruction . 
 the wickedness and folly , the foolishness and bile roared in desperation within what heart domen had . 
 madness erupted from his mind . 
 `` damn your eyes ! '' 
 he spewed , pointing his accusation at us . 
 directing his diatribe at coren , he screeched , `` these ! 
 you see your enemies before you -- every one ! 
 every one fails you ! '' 
 i feared that he might hear domen 's words and believe , for surely i would lead those wrathfully turned away by my exceeding beloved , and rightly so , but condemnation arose only from my own weakness . 
 domen 's anguished screams echoed into oblivion . 
 `` ecealdor made me thus ! 
 you will not take up my cause ! 
 you and the king conspire together , always the same ! '' 
 `` you will submit in silence , '' said coren . 
 `` you will no longer accuse these , for i have chosen them , and they have agreed . 
 you never held authority to affix judgment , for these stand on my side ; they have sought out mercy , and they have persevered against your attacks . '' 
 `` i accuse you ! 
 you brought it upon them , and upon me ! '' 
 domen 's voice rasped . 
 `` you and your king ! '' 
 `` so then you accuse me ? 
 yet who is there to judge me ? 
 i have borne the lowly raiment of these my people , but no more . 
 today i dress them in my own robes . 
 your time has passed , dægræd-el . 
 you once did abide in the courts of gægnian as the most favored . 
 you gathered splendor and eminence unto yourself , bedecked with every precious jewel , anointed with the greatest honors . 
 you have in your day been found wonderful in your beauty and bearing and wisdom . 
 yet you reviled your high office . 
 `` we found you blameless , until you manifested violence in your ways , as well pride , and you took up the cause of your own will . 
 by reason of these things , you have corrupted yourself . 
 your conceits worked less for yourself than against the king . 
 you dared elevate yourself to ecealdor 's majesty ; you vainly considered that you could be as he is . 
 but have you not only served him ? 
 for these purposes we placed you upon feallengod , and this people as well , and our intentions against you have been fulfilled . 
 i have seen you cast out of the courts of favor , and now cast out of the dust , to the end of utter destruction . 
 this very people whom you sought to destroy i have taken unto myself and made them the instrument of your defeat . 
 see , i lay you before kings , that they may behold you in the totality of your ruin . '' 
 and then coren turned to face us , his glorious face alight , love beaming from his countenance . 
 `` or did you not know you would judge princes ? '' 
 looking directly to beorn . 
 `` i have ached for you these many years , but my heart refused , '' his voice glazed with sweet regret . 
 `` had you not fallen away , i would never have given my life for feallengod , and never defeated domen . '' 
 the people of feallengod stood silent for a moment , as domen shrank under our scrutiny . 
 he lay before us stripped of clothing , stripped of covering , stripped of power . 
 the taut muscles of his arms and legs convulsed beneath his skin , diseased and wasted ; his ribs and the bones of his spine etched grotesque patterns ; dried blood caked heavily upon his knuckles . 
 his sneer transformed into a miserable , wailing grimace and back again . 
 a question swelled in my mind , what he was now , what he had ever been . 
 quietly , voices arose as we looked upon him , first one , then another , then more . 
 `` is this the man ? '' 
 `` is this the man who made the whole island tremble ? '' 
 `` is this he who shook the very foundations of feallengod ? '' 
 `` could this man truly wring our wills and so imprison us ? '' 
 `` is this really one so bold , so proud ? '' 
 `` is this really one who dared challenge ecealdor ? '' 
 `` how could this lone man be the greatest evil of all the ages ? '' 
 and we gaped upon him . 
 `` this man made not the king his strength , and trusted in the abundance of his arrogance , and strengthened himself in his wickedness . '' 
 these judgments , brought by those he hated and abused , left domen writhing in the ashes , clenching his fists and teeth in futile rage . 
 the peace that embraced us , the reverence coren commanded -- deserved without question , received in natural grace -- our staring eyes probing the depths of his failure : all these offenses now did seize domen 's entrails , twisting violently about in the bitter hatred of his mind , enraging him beyond anything he had ever felt . 
 `` damn your eyes ! '' 
 he screamed . 
 `` you will cease . 
 power in feallengod lies no longer in your hands , to choose when you will speak or accuse , '' coren measured his voice . 
 `` the robes of the government of feallengod now hang upon my shoulders . 
 you have never gained anything except what the royal counsels of gægnian allowed in our unity . 
 all your victories counted no more to you than defeat , for they only drew you closer to this moment . 
 your sands run out , domen . 
 your time of dominion upon feallengod fails , forever past . 
 as for now , the dungeons of gægnian will take hold of you . '' 
 *** the overhead door of the cell , the pit , slammed shut with a ringing , metallic bang . 
 domen crouched , confined to the cold and dank , to the darkness he always had coveted . 
 `` curse him , '' he said . 
 ### after earning bachelor 's and graduate degrees at the university of missouri , craig davis toiled for 20 years at newspapers , and has spent a lifetime in biblical scholarship . 
 he has also authored `` the job : based on a true story -lrb- i mean , this is bound to have happened somewhere -rrb- '' and `` wars of the aoten . '' 
 an amateur musician , he was once wrestled to the ground by a set of bagpipes . 
 to keep up with other works by craig , please join our facebook page at http://www.facebook.com/pages/the-job-based-on-a-true-story/104805546240239 . 
 also , please visit http://www.stcelibart.com . 
 appendix all names in feallengod have meanings in old english , with the exception of domen . 
 the hebrew word el is added to those characters who serve in the courts of gægnian . 
 all old english words are accented on the first syllable . 
 domen = doe-main feallengod -lrb- fallen good -rrb- = fay-all-ayn-goad gægnian -lrb- rejoice -rrb- = gag-nee-ahn ocean heofon -lrb- heaven -rrb- = hay-oh-fone ecealdor -lrb- everlasting life -rrb- = ache-ay-all-door coren -lrb- chosen -rrb- = coe-rain blawan -lrb- blow -rrb- = blah-wahn dægræd-el -lrb- god 's dawn -rrb- = dag-rad-ale gelic-el -lrb- like god -rrb- = gay-leek-ale mægen-el -lrb- strength of god -rrb- = mag-ayn-ale andsæc cirice -lrb- he who strives church -rrb- = ahnd-sak kee-reek-ay secanbearn -lrb- seeks child -rrb- = say-cahn-bairn liesan -lrb- redeemed -rrb- = lee-ay-sahn bregdan -lrb- draw out -rrb- = brayg-dahn fela -lrb- many -rrb- = fay-lah mann , cynn draca -lrb- mankind dragon -rrb- = mahn coon drah-kah beorn feohtan -lrb- man fights -rrb- = bay-orn fay-oh-tahn cwen feohtan -lrb- woman fights -rrb- = kwain fay-oh-tahn begietan feohtan -lrb- acquired -rrb- = bay-git-ahn fay-oh-tahn hatan feohtan -lrb- named -rrb- = hah-tahn fay-oh-tahn astigan feohtan -lrb- ascends -rrb- = ah-stee-gahn fay-oh-tahn fulwiht -lrb- baptism -rrb- = fool-weet tweard -lrb- two countries -rrb- = tway-ahrd aberan eft -lrb- born again -rrb- = ah-bay-rahn ayft gastgedal -lrb- death , separation of soul and body -rrb- = gahst-gay-dahl you ca n't count what is n't there some days it just does n't pay to be alive . 
 for instance , one time judas just plain refused to do what poncey told him , so poncey had to beat him . 
 he beat his ears back , to the point where finally judas would follow orders . 
 this result turned out bad enough for judas . 
 but then later he sat on poncey 's lap -- while poncey was trying to read -- and emptied his bladder . 
 from that moment on poncey suspected that the world would always have the last laugh on him , no matter how much smarter he was . 
 judas was poncey 's mongrel dog . 
 as a puppy he was called sparky , but in time poncey came to realize the son of a bitch needed a more appropriate name . 
 poncey muldoon stood around like a typical doughy , barrel-chested youth of pure but indistinct european descent , heavy enough to be strong , but light enough to play defense for his high school football team , during a bad stretch . 
 he held his body solidly , walking with something of a swagger and hanging his arms loosely to his sides , elbows out and the backs of his hands always rotated forward . 
 early in life his hair was a rusty blond , but what color it was now nobody could say for sure , since a number of years ago he had taken to wearing a beaten-up baseball cap all the time . 
 poncey 's mother 's maiden name was lafayette -- pronounced la-fay-yet -- and she fancied herself of french stock . 
 `` you got ta remember the people you 're from , '' she would often say . 
 `` you got ta remember who you belong to . 
 if you 're not sure of that , you can never be sure where you 'll end up . '' 
 she well remembered her childhood in new orleans -- her family having fought with jackson against the british -- and as a result a story arose that she had actually named her son la ponchartrain , but fortunately for him only `` poncey '' stuck , if indeed that was the case . 
 on the other hand , his father 's forebears had arrived in the area long ago and for one reason or another had failed to bring along their history . 
 poncey 's father was an old railroad man who spent most of his time pining after steam locomotives . 
 `` them 4-2-2 engines , now there was a beautiful sight , '' he 'd say . 
 `` them engines looked like a whale , spoutin ' their smoke , and the engineer 'd give a blast on the steam , and it was like knowin ' you was alive for the first time ever . '' 
 `` well , you would n't 've been alive long , '' poncey would explain , deeply versed in the history and development of mass transit in the united states . 
 `` that smoke was why nobody could breathe . 
 diesel engines are cleaner , they 're quiet an ' do n't kill everybody . '' 
 poncey had attended community college for two years , which was more than anyone else in his family could say , and that gave him a natural advantage when talking . 
 `` i 'd give a pretty to see one of them ol’ 4-2-2s runnin ' again . 
 do n't give a flip ' bout no diesel engine . '' 
 `` well , it do n't matter what you give , they 're all diesel now anyway . 
 might as well face it . '' 
 poncey had lived all his life in the tiny tennessee town of skullbone . 
 nestled under groves of sassafras and sweetgum , surrounded by small patches of cotton rows , the little community seemed to survive within a medieval novel . 
 skullbone was shrouded in mystery , being both the capital and the entirety of the kingdom of skullbonia . 
 nobody ever figured out quite what this meant , but the state said it was so , and everybody went about their business quietly and tried not to let it become an issue . 
 before the war the area was best known for its strawberry crops , led by gentleman farmer will butler . 
 he favored the name stillwater for the little town that had sprung up by his fields , but most of the populace had already taken to calling it skullbone , after the bare-knuckle boxing matches that drew crowds from far and wide every monday night . 
 joe smith -- then the richest businessman outside of jackson , what with his mercantile , smithy and livery services -- was the leading voice on the skullbone side of the argument , and he was easily able to persuade the incorporation committee . 
 this loss so vexed butler that he took to trying to run down smith in the streets with his horse and carriage , but his aim was so bad he never succeeded . 
 smith endured this petulance for a while , but eventually the inconvenience became such that once he had the opportunity , he stuck a pistol in butler 's ' mouth and pulled the trigger . 
 after awhile stories spread that the feud had nothing to do with the town 's name at all , but rather that butler was running a still , and smith planned to turn him in , but the first version is more colorful . 
 now most of the strawberries come from mexico . 
 some decades later a gubernatorial decree set the area apart -- the kingdom of skullbonia -- by virtue of its history of the boxing , as well as hillbilly musicales and other knavery -- and not , in a blatant breach of convention , because of any political fooling around . 
 this alone naturally set people on edge -- skullbonia just was , for no good reason , it sat there taking up space . 
 at least that 's the way poncey thought of it . 
 obviously , what with his advanced education , not even the nebulous borders of skullbone could contain poncey 's fortunes , and now as an accomplished adult he tested his horizons in the nearby town of rutherford -- pronounced relaferd . 
 as a child he had often visited there , tagging along on otherwise pointless shopping trips , and the long lines of traffic lights and dingy businesses never failed to inspire awe and excitement in him . 
 back then it seemed to him filled with wonder -- signs ablaze with color , display windows stocked with bizarre machinery and mannequins decked out in hunting gear -- sights more dazzling than what any reasonable boy could ever aspire to attain . 
 but now poncey raised his ambitions to a new level , in a way expecting to cash in that old inspiration , and prepared to benevolently impose himself upon rutherford 's little people . 
 he believed his grand store of knowledge would open doors to great career opportunities in rutherford , and eventually the government believed it too , and hired him on to watch over the davy crockett replica cabin -lrb- and mother 's gravesite -rrb- . 
 the structure was pure americana , massive timbers stacked upon each other with rough-hewn precision . 
 a clean rail fence separated the grounds from the parking lot , neatly defining the centuries . 
 old-growth trees extended their branches like a protective deity over the wooden roof , leaves waving welcome in the gentle breezes , and poncey imagined himself living ruggedly independent on the old frontier . 
 he saw to his duties well -- sit and wait , dust , police the area , sit and wait , shoo off children from the school next door . 
 visitors who wanted a tour after regular hours had to call him special , and he would decide when they could come . 
 he pretty much memorized the two-room cabin and its contents . 
 in his heart he felt like close friends with the mounted animals -- in some way testaments to davy 's hunting skills -- the rocking chairs , the stone fireplaces . 
 his greatest affinity , however , was to davy 's deceased mother , rebecca , buried on the property under a proper headstone that listed her date of death as `` about 1834 . '' 
 `` he was a congressman , '' poncey reasoned to himself . 
 `` never mind that he lived in a log cabin -- he was a congressman . 
 how can they not know when his mother died ? '' 
 in his mind , this uncertainty was a gross affront to the eminence of learning . 
 `` what you mutterin ' ' bout ? '' 
 poncey 's father said . 
 `` now , davy 's grave is another thing , '' poncey continued , more loudly . 
 `` no tellin ' if he 's got a grave or not . 
 but his mother , she was right here where we sit , right here where she 's buried , even right now today . 
 how could they not know when she died ? '' 
 `` son , what does that matter now ? '' 
 `` it matters that we know the facts . '' 
 `` it do n't matter what all you know , '' his father rose to leave . 
 `` there 's still always ample opportunity to be stupid . '' 
 poncey took it upon himself to learn every detail he could dig up about crockett and his kin . 
 he checked out all the books he could find in the community college library and filled his head with all sorts of legend and trivia . 
 he absorbed all the new and revolutionary theories hatched by experts set on dissecting the crockett clan , those lives really witnessed only by the depths of the wilderness . 
 he even sneaked out the first edition of davy 's autobiography from its display in the cabin , flipping delicately through the flaking pages for clues . 
 the book 's unschooled words flailed at the nearly two-century passage of time like a dull blade against a buttonwood , but poncey fought through the bramble to make sense of it . 
 still rebecca remained elusive , a ghost in the wind . 
 davy himself had little to say about her , except that since he was reasonably sure that he 'd been born , then it would figure that he also had a mother . 
 he only allowed that he loved her dearly , and that she was old and irish . 
 poncey felt personally betrayed by fickle history . 
 `` everybody knew davy crockett . 
 he was a hero already , before he ran for congress . 
 how could they not know when his mother died ? '' 
 in spite of this nagging frustration , poncey prospered at the cabin , nodding hello and goodbye to visitors , chasing off schoolchildren , sitting and waiting . 
 but , just when things look like they 'll never change , that 's when they choose to whirl around into a new direction . 
 one spring after hard times had hit the country , the government spent eight hundred billion dollars to preserve poncey 's job , but the next year it did not , and he found himself no longer engaged to protect the legacy of the crockett name . 
 deep down he still believed he was smart enough , in spite of davy 's mother . 
 deep down he clung to the belief that the government had made a great mistake letting go someone of his abundant knowledge . 
 so poncey , disgusted and disconsolate , was looking at the job listings in a relatively recent newspaper when judas did his number on him . 
 after throwing the dog across the room and changing pants , poncey took up the paper again , and his eye fell upon the article about a census of all u.s. residents . 
 he quickly checked his calendar , and indeed the nation 's decennial inventory was due to come around again . 
 the government had mailed out forms , the paper warned , and held every recipient responsible for filling them out and sending them back . 
 poncey 's eyes lit at the notion : for the first time , he would fill out his own census form . 
 in years past he 'd been no more than a cipher within his father 's house ; this time around , he would be recognized at last as an individual . 
 the old man could now wheeze about steam locomotives on his own , officially . 
 poncey glanced back down at the story . 
 whenever a form was not returned , it said , a census worker would be sent to the address for a personal interview . 
 poncey 's appearance genuinely glowed . 
 a census taker would come -- a government worker . 
 he let his hands fall to his lap , bunching the paper into a damp and crumpled mess , and stared into the future . 
 possibilities danced in his head , flashing images from a silent movie , much too fast to keep up with . 
 opportunity beckoned him to redeem his bad fortune , and poncey was not about to let it pass . 
 once and for all he could prove to himself and everyone in charge that , as highly educated as he was , the government should never have allowed him to slip away . 
 some government worker , one with a job , soon would come face to face with his superior , and boy , would poncey let him have it . 
 his first step was easy -- poncey watched for his census form , then did n't send it back . 
 the second step he was used to : sit and wait . 
 sure enough , after a handful of rude warning letters , the cheap doorbell to his worn apartment went off with a sound like a spoon against a frying pan . 
 poncey had a feeling this was his official visit , since nobody had ever come to his home before . 
 this guy 's going to pay the price , he thought , this guy 'd better watch his step if he knows what 's good for him . 
 he opened the door to a young woman . 
 `` hi , i 'm latarika . 
 i 'm from the united states census bureau , '' she smiled as she quoted her introductory materials . 
 `` are you -- la ponchartrain s. muldoon ? '' 
 `` poncey , '' he stumbled . 
 `` just poncey . '' 
 `` may i come in ? '' 
 poncey did n't know what to say , so he stared stupidly , but did manage to stumble aside so she could enter . 
 the dingy place did n't offer much to look at -- a couple of ratty chairs and a wobbly coffee table with fake wood veneer . 
 judas scurried behind the couch , from whence arose muffled growling and an acrid odor . 
 the walls stood bare except for smudges of dirt and a framed picture that had probably been clipped from a magazine . 
 the hallway led back to a dusky bedroom , past the compact kitchen off to one side -- complete with a pile of dishes rising out of the sink to peek over the bar-style counter . 
 poncey looked around his surroundings nervously . 
 he had n't counted on a woman ; not that she posed any intellectual threat to him , but she threatened him in every other way . 
 not since the seventh grade had he trusted a girl of any sort besides his mother , and he was n't all that sure about her . 
 not since the time `` jazzy '' luray accompanied him to a movie . 
 her name was really jacine , but she 'd earned the nickname jazzy by age ten ; even as a naïve youth poncey was suspicious when she agreed to try dating with him . 
 but for some reason she did ; anxiety over the impending date drove him to toss and turn sleeplessly the whole night before . 
 after yawning through their burger and shake at the diner , he fell fully asleep in the flickering theater light . 
 jazzy was not one to let such an opportunity escape . 
 as poncey snored through the battle scenes , she applied a generous layer of rouge and lipstick to his face , accented by subtle eye shadow . 
 she roused him gently as the closing credits rolled , to his eyes appearing never more pleased to be in anyone 's company . 
 even the townsfolk they encountered on the walk home seemed more friendly toward him than any time before . 
 people who had never given him a second glance just beamed upon crossing his path that night . 
 when he dropped her off at home , jazzy agreed that she 'd happily go out again anytime and do the very same thing with him all over again . 
 poncey was so encouraged , he brazenly kissed her cheek , then stared with horror at the bright red lip prints he 'd left on her grinning mug . 
 poncey hid in his room the rest of that weekend . 
 he was too sick to go to school on monday , but eventually his mother rooted him out of bed and sent him to his doom . 
 `` you 'll not learn anything if you do n't go to school , '' she told him , but poncey knew she was wrong -- he 'd learned plenty already . 
 for years classmates called him `` glamour boy , '' or `` poncettia , '' or just plain `` bozo , '' and he still saw jazzy 's mocking glee in every woman 's eyes . 
 the census taker carefully surveyed the room and gingerly moved a couple of wrinkled t-shirts so she would n't have to sit on them , then settled stiffly into one of the chairs . 
 `` i 'm here because you failed to send in your census form , '' she informed him . 
 `` i know , '' poncey replied . 
 he was off to a good start . 
 `` so you did receive your form in the mail ? '' 
 `` i did n't send it back . 
 i wanted to get a government worker . '' 
 `` okay , '' she drew the word out . 
 `` i 'll just ask you a few simple questions . 
 you are la ponchartrain s. muldoon ? '' 
 `` poncette -- uh , poncey . '' 
 `` all right , then , poncey . '' 
 `` i worked for the government myself . '' 
 `` we 'll just be filling out the short form , so there 's no need for that information , '' the woman replied politely , pretending to study her paperwork . 
 she was tightly overweight and had little lap upon which to brace her clipboard , so she held it out slightly . 
 bronze dreadlocks fell to her shoulders and over her eyes , stray hairs catching lightly on mascara-encrusted lashes . 
 her face glowed with youth and enthusiasm for serving the public , and she could n't wait to get out of poncey 's apartment . 
 she had never visited skullbone before and had never thought she would , and she was n't sure why anyone would want to count what was there . 
 unfortunately , people who lived in interesting places like memphis or nashville seemed to know how to mail in their forms , and the people she had to track down personally all seemed to live in wide spots in the road like this one . 
 `` i went to the community college , '' poncey offered . 
 `` really ? 
 i 'm going to state right now . 
 actually , i 'm taking this semester off to work . 
 got to make some money , you know ? 
 but i 'm going back . '' 
 poncey shifted uncomfortably . 
 a hacking cough came from behind the couch . 
 `` i finished . 
 i 've been finished . 
 i worked for the government . '' 
 `` yes . 
 now , how many live here ? '' 
 `` how many what ? '' 
 `` residents . 
 how many residents live in this apartment . '' 
 `` me . 
 it 's just me an ' judas , but he 's a dog . 
 he does n't count . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` i worked at davy crockett 's house , in rutherford . '' 
 `` do you own this apartment ? '' 
 `` it 's his cabin , but it 's only a replica , most of it . 
 it 's the last house he lived in , '' poncey was full of formidable information , but not at all the kind the census taker was looking for . 
 he let fly . 
 `` his mother 's buried out there , headstone an ' ever ' thing . 
 she died circa 1834 . 
 ` circa ' means nearabouts . '' 
 `` yes , i know . 
 do you own this apartment or rent ? '' 
 `` i rent for now . 
 but i 've got my eye on a house , soon as i get back to work . 
 it 'll be a big house . 
 davy crockett 's house was just a two-room cabin . '' 
 `` that 's very interesting , '' the woman intoned . 
 `` what 's your telephone number ? '' 
 `` hai n't got nam , '' he sputtered . 
 apparently this girl had an attention problem . 
 `` there 's all sorts of things in that cabin . 
 ya been there ? 
 animals an ' things . 
 did you know that he was a congressman ? '' 
 `` yes , i think i had heard that . '' 
 `` he was elected , but then he lost . 
 so he says , ` tennessee 's gone to hell , i 'm goin ' to texas , ' an ' he goes an ' gets himself killed at the alamo . '' 
 poncey began to enjoy himself , and he rocked back a little in his chair . 
 `` he says , ` you all go to hell , i 'm goin ' to texas , ' '' he laughed . 
 `` sex ? '' 
 the woman asked . 
 `` what ? '' 
 poncey 's voice cracked . 
 he came to a sudden stop and moved his hands about uselessly . 
 `` male , right ? '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` i 'll put down male . '' 
 `` yes , '' poncey tried to sound confident . 
 he regained his composure enough to attempt the high ground again . 
 `` he 's buried somewhere out there . 
 at the alamo . 
 but i expect his grave 's harder to find than his mother 's . '' 
 `` probably . 
 age and date of birth ? '' 
 `` his mother 's grave is out by the cabin . 
 does n't even say for sure when she died , only ` about 1834 . ' 
 he was in congress , but nobody even knows when his mother died . '' 
 poncey paused to let this notion sink in . 
 he felt that his teaching was going to waste on this girl . 
 she needed to appreciate that he was every bit as good as her -- he lost his job because of a fluke , not because he did n't have skills like hers . 
 `` age and date of birth , please . '' 
 her eyes began to take on a dead look . 
 `` they do n't know . 
 they can only guess . '' 
 `` your age and date of birth , '' she said sullenly . 
 his gaze darted about as he tried to think of something to cover his mistake . 
 instead he just told her : age and date of birth . 
 hoping to sound trustworthy , he added , `` they do n't match up because i have n't had my birthday yet . 
 the math will work out better after october . '' 
 `` yes , i can see it has n't passed yet this year . '' 
 poncey realized she could figure out his age herself , and he panicked . 
 he felt the visit slipping through his fingers , and he had n't made his point at all . 
 `` i worked for the government . 
 i was n't fired -- they just stopped payin ' for my job . 
 it was n't my fault they dropped my job . '' 
 `` i 'm sure that 's true . 
 are you of hispanic , spanish or latino origin ? '' 
 `` french . 
 my mother 's french . '' 
 poncey looked defeated . 
 `` no hispanic background ? '' 
 `` my pap coulda been , but he wo n't say . 
 he never talks ' bout that . 
 he only talks ' bout trains . '' 
 `` so i can put down caucasian ? '' 
 poncey knew that meant white , so he nodded . 
 `` i did n't send my form back on purpose . 
 i wanted to talk to a government worker . 
 i was n't counting on a girl . 
 i could still be a government worker , but they stopped payin ' for my job . '' 
 the woman looked at him now with even less patience . 
 `` do you sometimes stay someplace other than this apartment ? '' 
 `` sometimes with mam and pap . 
 but they do n't count me on their form any more . 
 i count by myself now . 
 that 's how i knew you 'd come out , if i did n't send in my form . 
 i wanted to see a government worker . '' 
 `` well , you 're just lucky i came all the way out here , then , '' she scolded , gathering up her belongings . 
 `` we do n't always try to find single-dweller homes that have not seen fit to comply with the law . '' 
 `` what ? 
 you do n't look for folks ? '' 
 `` the government is n't obliged to hunt down people like you . '' 
 poncey sat there , stunned . 
 `` you do have to . 
 ever ' body has to count . 
 i have to count . '' 
 `` oh , we know what to expect . 
 the computers automatically count the people we do n't get forms from . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` the census bureau does n't need to see you to count you . '' 
 `` but you 're supposed to find ever ' body . 
 this is n't 1830 . '' 
 `` no , honey , we do n't have to find everyone , '' she batted her lashes matter-of-factly . 
 `` the office makes its numbers whether we see somebody at each address or not . 
 the bureau knows who exists regardless of whether they 're here , or there , or nowhere . '' 
 poncey stared , his purpose completely lost now . 
 `` you ca n't count what is n't there . '' 
 she stood up . 
 `` you were counted last time on your father 's form . 
 social security knows you 're still around . 
 you were on payroll , for goodness sake . 
 our computer models know to expect you . 
 they know where people are supposed to be . 
 the statistics see you even if nobody else can . 
 you 're no more real than the marks on this paper . '' 
 she waved the forms before his face , then neatly into her attaché . 
 poncey could feel time running short , but his swirling thoughts were too jumbled now for him to take hold of one . 
 he had wanted to show he could out-think any person the government could throw at him , but now he was under siege by a computer as well . 
 `` why 'd you even come out here , then ? 
 if computers figure that i 'm here anyway , why 'd you show up ? '' 
 `` it 's a job . 
 i want to get paid , and the government wants to pay me . 
 it makes them look good . 
 you should know that -- you worked for the government yourself , before they dropped you , remember ? 
 a job sitting in a cabin ! 
 but we like to get paid , do n't we ? '' 
 the woman moved toward the door , and poncey could only lamely follow after her . 
 all his schemes through the months of waiting faded into futility , and he would never have the chance to prove his worth again . 
 his confusion gave way to the distaste he 'd felt before she arrived and threw him off with her gender -- but now it focused even more on those who used to employ him . 
 a new thing stuck to the inside of his skull : he was no more than a blip on a hard drive . 
 the government never did know what a bundle of scholarship and talent he was ; it never knew him at all . 
 it would n't care if he lived or died , he 'd be just a number either way . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i 've got to go now , '' the woman told him as she let herself out . 
 `` i 've got to find some place called sweet lips . 
 you have a wonderful day , you hear ? '' 
 and she disappeared beyond the closing door . 
 `` thank you , '' he said without irony . 
 his mind was elsewhere . 
 as the days passed , the encounter ripened and fermented in poncey 's brain , its torment only serving to infuriate him more . 
 `` i know i 'm smarter than all them fools up at the capital , and their blame computers too ! '' 
 he fumed . 
 i 've got to prove it , he thought , i 've got to show them . 
 only one thing could rectify his sad situation -- the injustice of it all drove him to apply to get his job back , and what do you know if they did n't find just enough money in the new budget to re-hire him . 
 a letter arrived instructing him to reclaim his post at the davy crockett replica cabin -lrb- and mother 's grave -rrb- at the beginning of the new year , kind of a christmas present from a government that openly acknowledged neither christ nor poncey . 
 maybe they 'd learned their lesson after all . 
 poncey carefully filled out all the employment forms and dropped them in the mail . 
 so on an unusually sultry day for january , poncey arrived at the cabin to re-establish his value to the u.s. government , to show them once and for all the great contribution he had to offer the world . 
 again he took up his calling to dust , sit and wait , and open the door to visitors who called in special . 
 he lovingly surveyed his surroundings , happily studying the stuffed animals and quilts draped over crude furniture , making sure everything sat correctly in place . 
 outside it looked like rain . 
 poncey felt like a european baron in a rustic castle , no doubt how davy felt himself long ago . 
 his sight lit upon the aging autobiography . 
 late in the morning he heard hollow pounding on the porch out front . 
 he recognized the sound all right -- the rowdy kids from the school next door -- but why would they need chasing so early in the day ? 
 school was n't due to let out for another three or four hours . 
 `` hey , you kids , get offa there ! '' 
 he burst from the cabin door . 
 `` what are you doin ' here ? 
 why are n't you in school where you belong ? '' 
 `` got out early , '' an escaping boy shouted back . 
 `` let us out on account a ' the weather . 
 look ! '' 
 and he pointed behind poncey and over the horizon . 
 for the first time poncey noticed the heavy veil of black clouds milling about overhead . 
 the sky below seemed to hang suspended , glowing a sickly , luminescent green . 
 trees stood at uneasy attention , wavering as though they were about to faint . 
 the siren mounted upon the school 's roof slowly revved into a mournful wail . 
 `` look out ! '' 
 the boy yelled . 
 poncey ducked his head and vaulted off the porch , running to the relative shelter of the brick school building . 
 a slowly turning section of cloud picked up speed . 
 poncey watched as a twisting finger reached down and touched the cabin 's roof , sending shingles exploding into every direction . 
 he heard the sound of one of his father 's locomotives screaming through the neighborhood , although he could not see it , nor any tracks . 
 the tornado flexed its shoulders and lifted the huge logs of the cabin fully off the ground , tossing them end over end in a titanic game of mumblety-peg . 
 items from the cabin danced into the sky like escaping ballerinas , some laid carefully upon the soft grass while others were sucked into oblivion . 
 once more poncey 's eye caught davy 's autobiography , its pages flapping like a bird in flight , driven by the wind into a wild chase . 
 the storm shimmied like a woman over the site , grinding its hips in a terrible demonstration of allure and judgment . 
 it passed across the street , furiously ripped a chain-link fence from the ground and flailed it like a ribbon , and finally retreated once more into the billowing atmosphere . 
 poncey stood silent in the pattering rain , gaunt like a mourner at a funeral , and gazed at the remains of the cabin . 
 all the twister had left was the final resting place of rebecca crockett , still buried there for nobody knew how long . 
