 glen hoggarth a fall to eden by p. e. rempel smashwords edition copyright 2013 paul edward rempel this is a work of fiction . 
 names , characters , places , and incidents either are the product of the author 's imagination or are used fictitiously . 
 any resemblance to actual persons , living or dead , events , or locales is entirely coincidental . 
 § § § § table of contents chapter one : autumn chapter two : winter chapter three : spring chapter four : summer chapter five : autumn § § § § and he said , who told thee that thou wast naked ? 
 hast thou eaten of the tree , whereof i commanded thee that thou shouldest not eat ? 
 and the man said , the woman whom thou gavest to be with me , she gave me of the tree , and i did eat . 
 -lrb- genesis 3.11-12 -rrb- chapter one : autumn five callers eager to view the basement flat . 
 the suite was in a quiet residential area , glen explained , with good transit connections to the university . 
 both a bus route and a more roundabout skytrain line . 
 all but one call was from a young couple , making it four student couples desperate to find accommodation before classes started and thrilled to find something still available . 
 he skipped down the rickety backstairs of the house . 
 he cast a satisfied glance over his own private patch in the world , his very own piece of property , or , at least , it would be his one day when martha passed on . 
 the basement door had been left ajar to allow a breeze inside and the pungent odor of paint assailed his nostrils as he entered -- -- the fresh coat of ivory white rolled onto the walls and ceiling . 
 glen placed the tenancy forms on the cleanly wiped kitchen counter . 
 there was a rap on the door . 
 a tall young man stood inside the threshold . 
 he was fresh-shaven and neatly combed ; presentable to the world , wearing a pinstripe shirt and rather stylish cream tie . 
 it was almost as if he 'd shown up for a job interview , glen mused . 
 the fellow was more or less glen 's height but more chest and shoulder . 
 he had a roundish face , pointed nose , and a promontory slavic-looking brow . 
 martha would approve of him . 
 `` justin wheeler . '' 
 `` you sure got here early , '' said glen . 
 `` you beat the crowd . '' 
 `` i know how hard getting an apartment can be at this stage of the game , so close to the start of the term . 
 i 'm lucky to have heard about this place . '' 
 both leaned forward : the handshake . 
 justin praised the neighborhood -- -- a bit ethnic and low-key , down-to-earth working class . 
 it turned out he 'd been in this area the previous year searching for somewhere to rent , before deciding on a place on arbutus street nearer the campus . 
 that had been a dreary and unpleasant experience . 
 a dingy , stuffy room with a shared bathroom upstairs . 
 `` the house was full of aging ex-hippies , '' said justin , `` and i hated having to beat everyone to the shower every morning . '' 
 insert an intelligent remark into the conversation , glen told himself : `` this is a different part of town . '' 
 fucking twaddle ! 
 `` i 'll take it . 
 i can pay cash . 
 have it right here . '' 
 glen slid the tenancy form across the enamel counter . 
 now , honestly , that had been way too easy . 
 instant tenant , the very first person to show up . 
 so pleased with justin wheeler , so pleased ! 
 the care justin took to look him in the eye when they shook hands again ! 
 it was an agreement of mutual respect between equals . 
 yes , and for him a resounding victory over his mother 's incessant goading . 
 martha 's needling `` just do it right the first time , okay ? '' 
 ; her nagging `` i can see your face screwing up from where i 'm sitting '' ; and the nail in the coffin lid : `` just run it by me before you decide on anyone definite , or is that too much to ask . '' 
 martha often hinted he should try to make something of himself , but then she 'd come up with a stinger to jab holes in his morale . 
 damn it , was he supposed to have self-confidence or not ? 
 glen asked , `` can i help you with your move ? 
 we could pile all your stuff into my car . '' 
 `` i would n't dream of troubling you . '' 
 `` it would n't be any trouble . 
 it should n't take very long and then you 'd be all set to start fixing up your flat . '' 
 `` it 's only a couple of boxes and i do n't know when i 'll get round to it . 
 i have to go out to campus to do a few things , as well . '' 
 justin gladly answered the questions glen put to him , for he 'd written some curious information down on the application form . 
 how interesting to have lived in asia for so long , on the teardrop island of taiwan : it was part of china too , but the government there was democratic unlike the communist mainland . 
 how fascinating that he could speak and read mandarin chinese , with its beautiful but impenetrable script . 
 `` the chinese might well replace english one day as the international language of the world , '' glen observed . 
 `` global economics will decide how things go , as far as that 's concerned . '' 
 he bounded back up the steps , practically lunging at the phone . 
 `` done ! 
 he 's very interesting , actually . '' 
 `` wait a moment , '' martha said . 
 `` what 's this all about ? '' 
 `` i got somebody for the basement . '' 
 `` okay , back up ! 
 describe what happened . '' 
 glen dutifully related the event , detail by detail . 
 `` do n't rain on my parade , '' he said . 
 `` come on , i did okay . '' 
 `` well , you certainly got off easy the first time around , '' martha replied . 
 `` but do n't worry , you 'll do . 
 we 'll keep you . '' 
 `` thanks , '' glen replied . 
 `` so how is the weather out where you are ? '' 
 `` nicer than vancouver , i 'll wager . '' 
 `` we 've got sunny skies this morning . '' 
 `` things are really going your way today . '' 
 glen had to hang up then . 
 two people were climbing out of a van in the back alley . 
 through the kitchen window glen watched them , blond and long-legged and outdoorsy . 
 they were the biology students who said they 'd be arriving from the interior this morning . 
 the couple smoothed down their fleeces and jeans , whisked their hair with their fingertips . 
 the husband rubbed his sleepy eyes with the heels of his hands and smiled at his wife . 
 but glen had heeded his mother 's advice and taken care over the phone not to give any of the callers a guarantee . 
 it had to be first come , first serve . 
 that was just the nature of the business and that was just being prudent and fair . 
 martha had warned him that callers often promised to come look at your apartment at such and such a time , then failed to appear . 
 in the meantime , you might have turned away other prospective tenants . 
 the anticipation born from knowing he was about to refuse the couple was oddly exhilarating . 
 glen had n't foreseen that . 
 he 'd always felt queasy about turning people down , even if it was n't his fault . 
 now he was feeling something that was hard to define . 
 he envisioned himself gushing sympathy and offering the two students a conciliatory cup of coffee . 
 a kind gesture after their long drive . 
 no , forget it . 
 that would come across as weird ; he 'd never pull it off naturally . 
 it would turn out awkward and he 'd only make a fool of himself . 
 up the walk they came , glen in dread of them . 
 **** the pee panic at the party dream had begun to recur . 
 a golden oldie from glen 's stressful university days served up by a farce-loving subconscious : he was meant to laugh along . 
 but where was the anxiety stemming from this time ? 
 glen was well aware that anxiety often accompanied what seemed to be the most innocuous circumstances . 
 on the surface there might not appear to be any reason for a nervous reaction , such as disturbing dreams ; meanwhile , one 's nerves were hopping and dancing in sheer panic , as if their trouser legs had burst into flames . 
 `` no , you never told me about it , '' russell said . 
 `` not that i 'd necessarily remember . '' 
 glen had paused the dvd player halfway through the film : `` the dream must have something to do with the new tenant in the basement . '' 
 `` you do n't say . '' 
 `` there 's no real reason for me to feel tense , you know , but then when do i ever need an actual reason , eh ? '' 
 `` you do n't do that though , '' russell grumbled . 
 `` you do n't suddenly stop a movie to shoot the shit about something that can easily wait . 
 you could 've waited until later to tell me . '' 
 russell got up from the sofa to go to the bathroom . 
 hooking his fingers into the belt loops , he heaved his baggy jeans back up to waist level . 
 `` might as well take advantage of the rude , unnecessary interruption , '' he said . 
 but by the time he returned to the living room , he 'd become more resigned . 
 after all , who had paid for the movie rental , the six-pack of labatt 's and , earlier , dinner at a nice mexican restaurant on 4th ? 
 `` so let 's hear about your dream ? '' 
 `` i 'm at a party in a brightly lit house . 
 there are big rooms full of people talking and laughing who i think must be celebrities . 
 you know , the cultural and social elite , like novelists , academics , magazine editors , all drinking fine wine and having witty conversations . '' 
 `` unlike the pilloink and drivel i get here . '' 
 `` but i have to take a piss . 
 i 've had to take a piss for quite a while , but no matter which door i open there 's no bathroom , just more people talking . 
 naturally , i 'm dying to talk to these people , and i think this is the main point of the dream , but i 'm distracted by my swelling bladder . '' 
 `` no need to elaborate . '' 
 `` one person is talking to me about , say , a book i really love , but i ca n't listen and it 's hard for me to give my opinion because all my attention is focused on the fact i have to piss soooooo bad . 
 in the end , i 'm just avoiding people . 
 i 'm sitting on a sofa away from the crowd , legs crossed , and holding it in . 
 or i 'm standing off to the side of the room , leaning against the wall and clenching my teeth . '' 
 `` fascinating stuff . '' 
 `` either i wake up or in my dream i rush out of the house and find a place in the garden . '' 
 `` has this ever led to actual bed-wetting ? '' 
 `` i started getting this dream in university ! '' 
 `` i mean as an adult to still be wetting yourself . '' 
 `` shit , russell ! 
 i 'm confiding in you here ! '' 
 `` wait ! 
 what am i supposed to say ? 
 you have one single tenant downstairs and you 're telling me it 's freaking you out ? 
 remember your mother had something like a dozen rental buildings and she always seemed to manage . 
 i never saw her get wound up . '' 
 `` never mind . '' 
 `` thanks ! 
 after all that -- -- i 'm just giving you my opinion , that 's all . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry for interrupting our movie . '' 
 russell chuckled : `` one more thing . 
 i do n't want to tell you what or what not to do , but not drinking any liquids before bed would just be common sense in your case . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 a real pal . '' 
 `` you 're cut off from drinking anymore so close to bedtime . 
 now hand over your beer . '' 
 `` jesus , russell ! '' 
 `` if it 's not one thing with you , it 's another . '' 
 **** it was impossible to predict where russell 's head would be when he came over . 
 sometimes he 'd boost glen 's spirits , sometimes bring him down . 
 over the years their relationship had become complicated , a matter of calculation , trade-offs , and the constant negotiation of the terms necessary to get along . 
 so when the hard part about being glen hoggarth was ravaging glen -- -- his arch foes depression and anxiety mounting an offensive , his mother becoming a trial -- -- and he needed to find respite , it was often better to do something other than appeal to his friend . 
 to instead get off his ass and give the house a thorough cleaning , top to bottom . 
 at a little after eight in the morning , glen went at it . 
 the lasting effects of martha 's put-downs subsided as glen scoured the toilet bowl and , on his hands and knees , scrubbed the bathroom tiles . 
 her uncalled-for severity was all but forgotten by the time he 'd begun waxing the wood-strip floor of his den , its shelves crammed with novels and other books , and vacuuming the living room carpet . 
 both tasks required lance-like cleaning implements which , on particularly bad days , he used to stab at the floor as if it were the belly of a beast . 
 but with justin sleeping downstairs , glen did his best to keep the noise to a minimum . 
 off to do the kitchen next . 
 straining his muscles and putting his shoulder into it , dusting and wiping and washing , the cleaning led to glen 's first rose-pink dawn-rays of serenity . 
 following that , he removed the scuff marks on the staircase to the upper floor and began tidying up his attic bedroom . 
 with the broom he 'd made a few neat dust piles , before it struck an hard object beneath the bed which skidded against the bedstead . 
 glen bent down to retrieve whatever it was -- -- a long-bladed butcher knife which had made its way up from the kitchen . 
 should he leave the knife where it was or take it downstairs with him ? 
 would n't he only bring it back up again ? 
 glen loaded himself down with the equipment he 'd used to do the housework and descended . 
 everything went into the small closet opposite the back door . 
 his was a good old house , glen concluded . 
 the most modest building in the fleet of revenue properties his mother had owned before retiring , but the only house he 'd ever need . 
 all that was necessary to make it perfect was a little attention to decor . 
 plants and one or two pieces of new furniture . 
 maybe a nice painting on a couple of the walls ; a few vases tastefully displayed here and there . 
 naturally , to be fully realized as a living space , embodying true warmth and comfort , the house was waiting for a woman 's touch . 
 fat chance of that ever happening ! 
 noise from the basement , clatter and bang . 
 his tenant was up . 
 **** no way would a tenant of his ever have to come upstairs to pay the money he owed . 
 that reeked too much of something ugly . 
 glen knew that when martha managed the properties she was stern and aloof as a rule , since in her experience the shared human bond between landlord and tenant was precisely the cord tenants tugged to renege on their side of the deal . 
 glen did n't want to believe people were so devious and was determined to tear down this barrier of distrust . 
 on the first of the month , in the middle of a sunny morning , he went down to pay justin the obligatory visit . 
 stepping out the door he took a few deep breaths of the dry autumn air : we 're both in the situation we want to be in . 
 justin is paying the rent as freely as i 'm prepared to receive it . 
 there is no need to feel guilty about the transaction . 
 walking the cement path skirting the side of the house , glen overheard a voice coming from the basement . 
 the name of a well-known protagonist purled out to him from amidst a murmurous recitation . 
 stooping low to the basement window -- -- making sure he was n't being watched from the street or the neighbor 's window -- -- he peeked inside justin 's apartment , and there his tenant stood facing the opposite wall and reading from a book held at arm 's length . 
 the character mentioned was raskolnikov , that infamous russian antihero , who murdered some old lady in cold blood in order to prove a point . 
 was n't that roughly how the story went ? 
 the sight piqued glen 's curiosity , except that peeking through someone 's window was intrusive , not to mention plain wrong , and he dared not squat down again for a second look -- -- only he did , squatting and standing quickly back up as if picking up something he 'd dropped . 
 justin was wearing a blue mao jacket , which gave off a thready sheen under the scant sunlight ; a toaster oven glowed orange on the crumb-littered kitchen counter ; and a sleeping bag lay strewn out on the floor like a giant jellyfish dead on a beach . 
 opening the door , justin smiled and reached for the envelop set against the inside wall : `` it 's all there . 
 i was just on my way up . '' 
 `` thanks very much . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 the door began to close . 
 `` i see you 're reading dostoevski , '' glen said . 
 `` that for school ? '' 
 `` for my lit . 
 requirement . '' 
 `` i remember that . 
 i did mine in italian literature . '' 
 `` calvino . 
 he 's the only italian writer i know . '' 
 `` it seems you may also have a bit of a furniture requirement . '' 
 justin turned to survey the sparsity of his apartment , grinning at his self-indulgence . 
 clearly he was pleased glen had noticed . 
 `` i spend most of my day at school , so what 's the point of furniture ? '' 
 `` but how do you even study here ? '' 
 `` on my stomach , '' justin replied brightly , `` on the floor . '' 
 `` you lie on this dirty old carpet ? '' 
 `` on my sleeping bag . 
 living in spartan conditions one 's not so distracted by things . 
 it 's good for keeping clear-headed and staying focused on what you 're doing . '' 
 `` that sounds like a zen thing to me . '' 
 `` could be . 
 yeah , i like to think living in asia for a period of time has opened my mind to different ideas about life and existence . '' 
 justin explained something about buddhist monastics . 
 the really dedicated ones spent much of their lives in meditation cells far more minimal than his apartment . 
 some of them lived inside remote caves for years on end , meditating , living a basic life , and striving to attain a state of enlightenment . 
 in their spartan dwellings there would n't be anything like tables or chairs . 
 justin had gone completely native , which was understandable . 
 being married to a taiwanese woman -- -- glen had guessed this from the name on his tenant 's letters -- -- justin was undoubtedly part of a sprawling family network over there . 
 one of those many-tentacled , multi-generational chinese clans that resided under the same roof . 
 this meant he was bound to have absorbed chinese views about life and such . 
 `` how did you come to get interested in buddhism ? '' 
 glen asked . 
 `` i spent a year in a monastery working as a translator . '' 
 `` really ! 
 amazing ! 
 did you ever consider doing the monk thing permanently ? 
 putting the world and all its crap behind you ? '' 
 justin smiled at the idea : `` my mind has always been set on becoming a university professor one day . 
 teaching at university is my ultimate dream job . 
 it 'll allow me to read chinese to my herat 's content and do my research all day long . '' 
 glen nearly confessed that he 'd once considered doing a phd too , but in english literature . 
 he 'd graduated with fairly decent marks , which put him within range of graduate school , and he 'd always been an avid reader of novels and short stories . 
 in the end , it was the teaching part of the job that had dissuaded him . 
 a professor had to stand up in front of a classroom of students and lecture each and every day . 
 he did this his entire career . 
 the thought terrified glen . 
 **** `` we 're lost , '' russell complained . 
 `` you 've got us lost . '' 
 `` i 've been going here for years . '' 
 `` i do n't remember it being so far from the highway . '' 
 `` and you 've made the trip , what , like one time ? '' 
 the jagged-tipped trees lining the road , the farm fields spread across the hillside , the inky distance : it was night and the view of the fraser valley was obscured by swathes of darkness -- -- autumn darkness making the entire landscape look bleak . 
 it had been overcast all day long , so even if they 'd left the city earlier there would n't have been much to see . 
 a panorama cropped and veiled by scarves of fog and low-lying clouds . 
 glen drove further along run down , potholed road , until they reached a chain link fence and galvanized metal gate emerging from the bush . 
 russell offered to unfasten the lock ; he let the car pass onto the lot , relocked the gate , then hopped back into the passenger 's seat . 
 `` this is the part i remember liking -- -- vrooom ! '' 
 he said . 
 the dirt driveway tilted steeply towards a clearing below , and the trees and foliage marching up to the sides of the car -- -- a floury blur of bare branches in the headlights -- -- created a bright tunnel effect . 
 there was the crunch of gravel , a weighted momentum , acceleration . 
 the car cascaded straight down to the bottom . 
 the headlights now captured the ranch house at the far end of an enormous yard . 
 there was a split-rail log fence marking a horse enclosure and the row of stables . 
 the sombre colours tainting the season 's end , the runnels of water crisscrossing the grass were both revealed then denied in a quick sweep , as glen cranked the car sharply to the right and approached the swimming pool . 
 the recent rainfall made driving beyond this point unwise . 
 he parked alongside the pool house on a carefully chosen mound of higher ground . 
 two twelve-packs and groceries lay in the trunk . 
 there was n't a dvd player out here , so on the card for the night was mainly drinking and conversation , something only possible with a close friend , although glen did have one other thing planned as well . 
 he was here on the abandoned ranch , in the middle of nowhere -- -- as nowhere as it got anywhere between vancouver and the inland end of the fraser valley -- -- to visit his deceased father , colin . 
 russell said , `` i thought i 'd never see this place again . 
 i always thought that producer guy would end up buying it , or it 'd get sold to someone else before i got a chance to come back . '' 
 glen guessed his friend was hoping for some information about the famous tv producer who had once leased the ranch : that would be russell all over -- -- him and his secret curiosity ! 
 he loved money gossip , to hear about the lives of the rich , and fortunes made and lost . 
 at the same time , he wanted people to think he was above all that . 
 did this make him a phony ? 
 `` you ca n't see anything at night , but this farm is surrounded by other farms , '' glen said . 
 `` martha wo n't sell until the situation changes . '' 
 `` when houses start going up . '' 
 `` the area first has to lose its status as an agricultural zone , which might take a while according to what she says . 
 anyway , enjoy the country air while you can since the place is definitely going to be sold one of these days . '' 
 `` my shoes . 
 mud . 
 fuck . '' 
 `` this is farmland , my friend . '' 
 `` the ground is fucking swamp . '' 
 `` you can take your shoes and socks off inside . '' 
 they carried the liquor and food into the pool house and glen right away plugged in the electric heater . 
 a large double bed occupied most of the room they had entered . 
 russell dropped the grocery bags full of cheese , cold cuts , bread and chips on the covers , then removed the rolled-up magazines from his coat pocket and tossed them on the bedside table . 
 `` i 'm surprised that a big-time producer would actually want to stay in a place like this . 
 so far from town and shit dig this tacky 1960s decor . '' 
 `` it 's not too far . 
 but that 's one of the things he liked . '' 
 `` you normally associate rich tv producers with a more luxurious urban lifestyle . 
 i 've met a few on different sets i 've worked on . 
 they have huge apartments in yaletown and mansions in shaughnessy , posh places like that . '' 
 russell did like hearing about wealthy people . 
 he loathed the rich , or claimed to , but could n't shake his fascination of them . 
 in that respect he had n't changed since high school . 
 `` our boy liked a more outdoorsy kind of getaway , '' glen said . 
 `` he had his horses here and a few cows . 
 believe me , he loved coming back to the ranch to unwind . 
 he always said it was exactly what he was looking for . '' 
 `` guys with money always get whatever-the-fuck they want . 
 i bet the rent for all this land , plus the house and the pool , was pretty steep . 
 how many years was he here exactly ? '' 
 `` he stayed until that actor on the show got sick of the wet weather and wanted the whole production moved to california . '' 
 `` i remember that . 
 ca n't say i blame the guy . '' 
 `` most people around here were pretty pissed off . 
 i imagine losing a hit tv show made a fair-sized dent in the local film industry . '' 
 `` another rich asshole getting whatever the fuck he wants . '' 
 **** after eating russell began to read . 
 glen went to the room next door , a small rec room which for ages had housed both vintage yard machinery and gardening tools , as well as his father 's paintings , either stacked flat on the floor and set against the wall . 
 glen 's memories of his father were vague : the man was mainly recollected , or memorialized , in these oil-on-canvas replica paintings that glen often liked to browse through when visiting the pool house . 
 spending time with dad was how he thought of it , amidst the dingy canvases and junky art supplies from decades past , mixed in and among gasoline canisters and oil cans , rakes and hoes and mowers . 
 odd as it seemed , spending time in this disarray -- -- and even the gassy stench -- -- was something glen truly enjoyed . 
 he could relax here in musty quietude . 
 his father must also have valued quiet . 
 colin hoggarth had been a lifelong painter whose studios were isolated backyard sheds , attics , or spare rooms , depending on where martha moved her family , so he would have appreciated the opportunity for gratifying introspection that solitude provided , just as his now not-so-young son had discovered it for himself over time . 
 and quite likely dad was a sensitive , pensive soul too ; not one to socialize a lot , speaking his mind hesitantly rather than vociferously , and dutifully maintaining a rapport with martha despite the ongoing friction . 
 a malleable man then , someone with a placid disposition . 
 glen wanted to take care of his father . 
 he wanted to look after his dad 's posthumous needs -- -- meaning , of course , there was n't any hurry -- -- and bring about , in a manner of speaking , the decent burial he deserved . 
 for although dad had n't been an exceptional man , he had n't been a bad sort either . 
 committed to beauty was what his paintings said about him ; dedicated to fine art and prizing humanistic ideals . 
 glen always took his old man 's side against martha 's coarse philistinism . 
 usually she 'd just as soon forget her husband altogether , but not the son his father . 
 in the rec room , glen dragged a stool to where he could study the paintings better . 
 the goal for tonight , to be postponed to another night if no decision was reached , was to figure out how to preserve all this art , because leaving the paintings as they were , exposed to the cold and damp , was going to result in permanent damage eventually . 
 ideally , it would be best to find vacant walls in dry , dimly lit rooms to hang them up in , but glen did n't have that much space at home . 
 they might also be suspended from rafters somewhere , the way bicycles were sometimes stored in garages . 
 in that case , there was always the shed behind the house . 
 glen turned one canvas over : a caravaggio . 
 school-boy david fastening a cord around the neck of a fallen goliath ; the youth 's sedate expression half-masked in shadow while the giant 's beard and slack jaw angled towards a shower of light . 
 but should n't death be darkened and life illuminated ? 
 glen had no idea , old caravaggio knew best . 
 he looked at some of the other paintings . 
 the same old gang : botticelli , raphael , the renaissance masters . 
 angels , saints , apostles ; killers , coveters , traitors . 
 as a teenager , russell had once asked him why his father never painted anything modern . 
 something other than endless bible reproductions . 
 had mr. hoggarth been that into religion , god , and all that ? 
 actually , it was just that this kind of painting sold well , there was a market for it . 
 but as a youth even glen liked to imagine his dead father as a laid-back dude puffing on a cigarillo , wearing a french beret , and painting surreal dreamscapes or futuristic abstracts . 
 religion had seemed boring to glen at that age . 
 and bottomless , and menacing . 
 `` did you ever actually meet that producer guy ? '' 
 russell asked . 
 glen was fixing himself a sandwich . 
 `` only a couple of times . 
 it was his assistant we dealt with mainly . '' 
 `` and he did n't rent this pool house ? '' 
 `` seems he was n't a swimmer . '' 
 `` the life of the rich and famous , eh ? '' 
 russell said . 
 `` but you 're gon na make a bundle when you decide to sell the place . 
 you 'll be able to add a few more million to your bank account . '' 
 `` that 's martha 's business , not any of mine . 
 whenever she decides to sell and whatever she does with the money . '' 
 `` right , it 's got nothing at all to do with you . '' 
 russell shook his head , looked down at his magazine : `` nice and quiet here though . 
 i can see why you like it . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 glen trudged out to the car for the sleeping bags . 
 the mushy ground . 
 the cold air . 
 chapter two : winter glen hated wondering if he really wanted to call russell . 
 and he hated that there was a chance his friend would turn him down . 
 on the phone russell maintained a calm reticence : `` let 's say i 'm open to the idea , '' he answered , waiting for glen to pitch a worthwhile offer . 
 was that how friends treated one another ? 
 russell was forever waving this kind of nonsense under glen 's nose , and always it was about gaining some petty advantage . 
 glen wanted to go up to the university . 
 what justin had told him about buddhism intrigued him and he hoped to find a book on the subject . 
 he offered to take russell out for lunch at the graduate student lounge and visit the campus bookstore together , which invariably meant buying his friend two or three books . 
 three or four books , even . 
 `` i think i could go for that , '' russell replied . 
 sponge , parasite , leech ! 
 an hour later they sat facing each other in the open-air garden of thea 's lounge , on the edge of campus . 
 despite the sun 's feisty rays , the alpine air from north of the city hinted at frost . 
 the chill shocked the pores on glen 's face ; he tweaked his nose and rubbed his arms for warmth , and it was a good thing he 'd kept his jacket on . 
 still , how nice to be out in the glory of a beautiful day , the tall glass patio doors hurling cheery sunlight upon them . 
 russell wore only a long-sleeved shirt and did n't notice the cold . 
 he forked at his fries grimly , as he enumerated the changes destroying the film union he was a member of . 
 nowadays it was all about who you knew and hung out with ; it was no longer about seniority . 
 so he 'd have to start wining and dining the higher-ups -- -- another expense every month ! 
 -- -- or run the risk of slipping down the totem pole . 
 as usual the subtext was : i 'm not lucky enough to be a rich and spoiled forty-year-old brat . 
 i 've got to make my own way in this world . 
 life can be hard for some of us . 
 but glen got his sweet modicum of revenge . 
 he made a point of never asking anything about his friend 's trials . 
 he merely nodded at whatever russell said but never encouraged any follow up . 
 mutual respect was called for here : he 'd gladly acknowledge the deprivations of russell 's mundane toil , once russell recognized the pressures implicit in his life . 
 `` it must seem to you like i 'm talking about the life of insects , '' russell said . 
 `` it has about as much to do with someone of your social standing . '' 
 `` it 's a bummer , what you 're going through . '' 
 `` i 'm thinking about looking for another line of work , but there is n't a whole lot in today 's work place for somebody my age . '' 
 `` it gets like that . '' 
 `` so you 've heard , '' snarled russell . 
 glen scowled back : `` you have the wildest ideas about me '' -- -- and they dove headlong into one of their routine spats . 
 `` your constant denials are what 's wild , '' russell said . 
 `` not denials . 
 simply facts about my existence . '' 
 a seething hive of agitation , in no mood simply to butt heads and be done with it , russell continued : `` you 've never told me what you 're really worth . 
 but considering what you 'll inherit from martha , i see you sitting high in the sky one day . 
 you ca n't fucking deny that ! '' 
 `` maybe i do n't want her money . '' 
 `` you will when it lands in your lap ! '' 
 `` i might want to give it away . 
 i think i 'm doing okay without it -- -- just wipe that sly grin off your face . 
 i 'd give it to charity . '' 
 `` do n't kid yourself . '' 
 `` you do n't approve of donating it to charity ? 
 i thought you of all people would , since it 's right in line with your crusade to save the world . '' 
 `` of course , i approve . '' 
 `` so i may be no better off than you . 
 not in the long run . '' 
 `` no better off ! 
 how have you been living for the last twenty years ? 
 when 's the last time you held down a real job -- -- have you ever had to ? 
 there 's always been your mom 's money . '' 
 `` do you know i feel you 're better off than me ? 
 things are sometimes hard for you , but at least you 're independent and , well , normal . 
 you make your own money , you 're your own man . 
 not being able to find a job that i can handle is n't something i 'm particularly proud of . 
 and do n't say it 's just that i 'm pampered . 
 it 's a kind of problem , a dysfunction . '' 
 they had arrived at the usual impasse . 
 glen stacking up pleas of further implications , a deeper disorder and complex underlying issues ; his friend asserting what he thought should be a straightforward truth : just admit you 've been coddled your whole life . 
 glen pinched the tip of his nose and gazed at the forested ridge across the bay . 
 russell grabbed a newspaper off one of the tables and snorted at a headline . 
 `` you hear about this ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` more wonderful news from the front line . 
 god , it 's like a bad joke that people keep telling over and over again . '' 
 the world 's woes wedged in between them . 
 glen knew a tirade was forthcoming which would occupy the rest of lunch , and maybe that was a good thing . 
 russell read out part of an article bearing only the slightest relation to the rant that followed . 
 soldiers nowadays should have uniforms like soccer jerseys , with their names printed across the back in bold lettering and the logo of the corporation they fought , killed , and would probably die for featured prominently on their chests . 
 that way the media could keep track off their exploits and convert them into points like player statistics in the sports page . 
 how many kills they got in battle , how many kills they assisted on , how many soldiers died per number of missions they participated in . 
 then , an award for the campaign 's most valuable soldier , and an award for the soldier who best demonstrated soldier-like conduct : efficient , murderous , patriotic . 
 russell 's attention remained fixed on the news . 
 as he skimmed the newspaper , his loose jowls sagged in mockery of his fierce indignation . 
 glen recalled how years ago his friend had once been rawboned and masculinely tanned , with dark sideburns and handsome green eyes . 
 high school , in fact , had brought out the best in him , in terms of appearance . 
 but fuck ! 
 the crisp , invigorating air : give in to it ! 
 glen downed a mouthful of beer and felt glad to be out of the house , out on the town , regardless of russell 's mood . 
 the trees enclosing the garden area swayed elegantly . 
 their leaves rustled dryly and spiraled to the ground , creating jumbled mosaics of color on the patio -- -- and then there was the bay 's choppy , brilliant blue water and the verdant mountains beyond . 
 those mountains spoke to glen of days gone by : some great , great , wonderful days ! 
 for those same peaks , timelessly unchanged , surrounding the city like the horns of a king 's crown , had been there since the beginning to witness russell and him become what they were today . 
 two best friends for life . 
 in the university bookstore they went their separate ways . 
 glen strode down the long carpeted ramp to the lower levels where , on the shelves dedicated to asian studies , he found only a small selection of titles on the subject of chinese religion . 
 two thin books in all . 
 strange , had n't justin enrolled in this university because of its reputation for chinese studies ? 
 and there were no books whatsoever on buddhism . 
 but in the discount bins nearby he dug up a number of books listing buddhism in their indexes . 
 one book was a chunky thousand-page anthology of chinese texts in translation that had sunk to the bottom of the pile . 
 two dwarfish figures graced the tome 's cover , marching merrily on stubby legs and beating little drums . 
 there was a fabulous otherworldly quality about them . 
 glen looked in the direction of the political science section . 
 russell 's head bobbed along the chest-high shelves as , like a hawkish general reviewing the ranks , he studied the book titles one by one . 
 satisfied his friend was agreeably occupied , glen took a seat on the carpet and opened the anthology . 
 in the introduction to one text , a sutra written in parable form , he learned that buddhism first entered china in the fourth century ce , when indian monks traversed the himalayas carrying scripture . 
 the story itself told of a rich man who lived in a magnificent palace with countless chambers and scores of servants . 
 however , unbeknown to anyone the place had rotted down to its foundations , the columns and arches were riddled with decay , so when a fire erupted one day the blaze passed swiftly from room to room . 
 the rich man fled to safety , but once outside he noticed his children were too engrossed in their toys to heed the engulfing peril . 
 he cried out to them , warning them , but they blithely continued playing as if nothing was the matter . 
 finally , he was only able to lure his children out of the flames by promising them even more elaborate toys outside . 
 the youngsters then dashed to the door , pushing and shoving to be the first one out . 
 how to understand the story ? 
 was there anything to compare it with ? 
 one element that made the buddhist parable intriguing was how it disparaged the notion of property . 
 by contrast , had n't christianity through the ages been obsessed with the ownership of buildings and land ? 
 glen tried to construe what a buddhist response to the importance of property might be : a zen master meditating all alone on a mountaintop or pristine lakeside ; no immense , self-glorifying cathedral , no awe-inspiring mosque , not even a humble wooden church dotting the vast prairie . 
 or did the parable go further still : nothing was real to a buddhist , so nothing material had any real worth and an opulent palace was , therefore , not just an illusion but possibly a dangerous trap . 
 **** at month 's end , glen descended the back stairs just after dinner . 
 justin handed over the rent money : `` please count it , '' he said , `` because at this time of night i can get a little bit out of it . '' 
 the fiercely driven scholar in him was burnt out for the day and awaited renewal the next morning . 
 his eyes were , in fact , glassy and fatigued . 
 he was drunk with exhaustion . 
 glen 's plan was to start up a conversation and his tenant did n't need much prompting . 
 soon justin was talking about the buddhist monastery that had been his home for a year . 
 he received room and board there , and a paltry stipend , in exchange for translation services . 
 at first , justin had imagined a cozy sinecure amidst good-natured monastics ; afterward , however , he learned that full-time work there meant precisely that . 
 the monks and nuns were tireless and he had to work his ass off six days a week . 
 it was no vacation in restful seclusion . 
 `` have you ever been overseas ? '' 
 justin asked . 
 `` no , i rarely leave town . '' 
 `` really ! '' 
 justin said , `` you got ta get out into the world . 
 if i 'm not always traveling , i get depressed . '' 
 `` airplanes kind of give me the willies . '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` you know . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 an involuntary twitch buzzed up glen 's arm . 
 he imagined getting whacked in the jaw with a tightly balled fist -- -- his fist ! 
 he wanted to kick himself ! 
 `` the willies , '' he 'd said ! 
 piss off back upstairs ! 
 `` better let you go , '' glen said . 
 `` night . '' 
 he raced up the backstairs stomping hard on each step , needing to lash out at something . 
 in the bathroom , he bongo-drummed the top of his skull . 
 he screamed dumbly at the mirror , mouthing over and over : `` you fucking idiot ! 
 you dumb fucking idiot ! 
 you fucking moron ! '' 
 his anger lasted half an hour , the usual half an hour , then came the gradual ascent from his private netherworld . 
 truth was , he knew he 'd been terribly nervous from the very outset of the conversation . 
 justin made him nervous . 
 people made him nervous . 
 he said idiotic things . 
 glen needed the physical release of movement . 
 he went outside despite the cold and pitched himself down the sidewalk . 
 the steel claws of anxiety raked his insides and his stomach churned up some of the coffee he 'd had at dinner . 
 a little ways down the block , he spewed brown gobs of half-digested food into a neighborhood hedge . 
 wisps of steam rose from the leaves . 
 thank god nobody had seen him puke -- -- had anybody seen him ? 
 was n't there always some old snoop peeking out through the curtains at people on the street ? 
 past psychosomatic agony . 
 glen remembered there had been plenty of other times , like when he was a student at university . 
 the sphincter cramps that persisted throughout first-year ; excalibur thrusts sheathing and unsheathing in a rapid succession . 
 they were painful enough to make him wince and twist in his chair . 
 make his eyes water . 
 all merely par the course for him -- -- and him alone , it seemed . 
 some things never changed . 
 for the cursed . 
 **** the moon overhead shone with a pale opalescence . 
 without a coat on , the chill in the air sunk into glen 's bones like a contagion . 
 he was squatting on the pool deck and staring calmly at the sodden leaves and broken twigs that littered the bottom of the pool . 
 over the years nature had used the kidney-shaped pool as a dumpsite for its wind-strewn detritus . 
 then -- -- due to some unusual turn in his mood ? 
 -- -- glen spooked and his attention fired off in every direction : the log fence and the horse enclosure ; towards the pasture located around the edge of the woods ; the gap in the trees that marked the start of a riding trail . 
 someone might be lurking there right now , someone might step out any moment , although not anyone flesh and blood . 
 it was n't anybody or anything that could really be there . 
 he knew that . 
 fear was annoying sometimes : it could wreck all your plans . 
 forcing himself to be brave probably was n't worth it , so glen considered driving back to vancouver . 
 but then he decided to strike a compromise with himself instead : he 'd stay where he was but locked up inside the pool house , curtains tightly drawn . 
 he 'd go to bed with one of the sharp gardening tools . 
 the little coward within him negotiating with the big coward , was what it was . 
 inside , glen uncorked the wine and entered the rec room . 
 his father was there waiting for him , as always harboring no unfair expectations and welcoming his son regardless of the state he was in . 
 good mood or bad , hapless loser and dignified sufferer alike . 
 soon , the dangling light bulb switched on , glen was unsheathing his father 's old paintings from their protective covers and keenly searching for messages hidden in their complex imagery -- -- the words colin had been robbed of the chance to say to him in person . 
 a man 's life 's work shed light on the man . 
 if that was true , then colin hoggarth had possessed the patience of a scholar and been a slave to exactitude . 
 long ago , glen had read up on the replica painting business . 
 a painting often required up to six weeks to complete . 
 typically the paintings were smaller in scale than the work they were based on , but the artist had to nevertheless capture the aesthetic essence found in the original and create an identical aura . 
 often the work involved cunning , such as intentionally cracking the surface of the painting to enhance its look of authenticity . 
 his father had worked from a hand-held photograph , as incredible as that seemed . 
 he 'd hold the picture of the original in one hand , the brush in the other and , peering at one then the other , go at it -- -- the palette was set on a table or chair close to the easel . 
 why had martha kept her husband 's unsold paintings ? 
 not out of nostalgia or love . 
 likely she never thought she could earn enough to warrant taking time away from other pursuits . 
 it would mean contacting special galleries , placing ads in the right magazines , and emailing art lovers , which was far too great a hassle . 
 so martha stuck them in the pool house for her son to curate over , together with the unused canvases , the countless tubes of paint , and the assortment of brushes , big and small , that were now hard as chisels and windshield scrapers . 
 the night-time 's fears were losing their grip on glen , and he felt normal again -- -- granted only what was normal for him . 
 this place , the pool house , had certain powers that helped him cope better with himself . 
 here he accepted his fragility because of the company he was in : his father who seemed so frail in death and whose life also lacked signs of a strong , vital pulse . 
 glen saw him as someone who had lived remote from human contact , spending his days in the quiet margins of his home and painting subjects that either took place eons ago , or never happened at all . 
 he set one painting aside , turned to the next . 
 his father had been prolific and glen never viewed the whole collection all in one shot . 
 soon after , he headed off to bed . 
 chapter three : spring `` some friends are coming over . '' 
 `` you have friends ? 
 coming over from where ? '' 
 martha asked . 
 `` the moon , '' glen replied , `` that would be the most likely place , right ? '' 
 `` it figures . 
 i 'm at fault for not knowing you now have friends , when you never tell me anything about what 's going on in your life . '' 
 `` they 're more russell 's friends . 
 tonight there is a meeting of russell 's political discussion group . 
 sometimes they meet here . '' 
 `` do n't let them walk out with anything . '' 
 `` jesus , mom ! '' 
 `` you 're just an easy target . 
 people can tell . '' 
 ever since martha 's move out east , she 'd been slowly losing it . 
 likely it had to do with the deterioration of an inactive mind . 
 she was out of the real estate game and had n't found anything else to do with her time . 
 but nobody stayed sharp forever . 
 and the day she grew infirm and wanted to keep him close by ? 
 a swanky old folk 's home came to mind . 
 the old japanese women who left their village in the middle of the night to die in the mountains came to mind . 
 was n't it his mother who always scorned the needy ? 
 glen was looking for his car keys and chatting with martha at the same time . 
 russell stood on the front porch making huge loops with his arms , like a matador provoking a bull : `` come on , hustle ! '' 
 the two of them had to rush to the liquor store . 
 `` anyhow , '' martha said , `` with friend 's like your russell who needs to worry about thieves ? 
 it 's okay to have another mouth to feed , but people usually wait until they have children for that . '' 
 `` children are n't likely at this point , '' glen replied in a lower voice . 
 `` can i hang on to russell to remind me what i 'm missing ? '' 
 `` you stinker ! '' 
 martha chuckled . 
 `` that man has been a freeloader since the day i first met him . 
 you wonder what kind of upbringing he got . '' 
 glen said good-bye to his mother and turned to russell : `` should we tape a note on the door for them ? 
 in case we 're a little late and they have to wait on the porch ? '' 
 `` the thing is we do n't want to be late . '' 
 at the liquor store on booth street , glen stopped the car along the curb : `` do you want to go in yourself and get it ? 
 i 'll give you my card , do you remember the number ? '' 
 russell shook his head . 
 `` why not quickly go in yourself ? '' 
 glen repeated . 
 `` that way i do n't have to waste time finding a place to park . 
 are n't we in a hurry ? '' 
 `` let 's just go in together . 
 that 's simpler . '' 
 russell could spend his friend 's money only if it never soiled his hands . 
 but was n't it a different matter today ? 
 it was n't just the two of them getting sloshed on a friday night . 
 back at the house russell sat in the armchair watching television . 
 he raked his hair back in glum agitation and rubbed the mound of his belly . 
 everyone was bound to arrive at least twenty or thirty minutes late . 
 they had busy lives , wives or girlfriends , things to attend to before they came over . 
 russell knew that but had a hard time being understanding . 
 he always took it personal . 
 he glowered at the commotion on the tv screen : news from the middle east . 
 men in dark slacks and dressy long-sleeved shirts were inspecting a burning car , the dense smoke hurdling upward ; another car bomb had gone off in some flat , dusty town . 
 a few of the men , their automatic rifles slapping against their hips , stood around waving their arms and shouting . 
 `` over there , '' russell said , `` kalashnikovs are a kind of male fashion accessory . 
 they kind of dangle off the shoulder like gold chains . '' 
 mike arrived first ; russell checked his thorny irritation . 
 `` glad you could make it . 
 you come from work ? '' 
 `` just as soon as i could . 
 sorry if i 'm late . '' 
 `` the others are even later . 
 grab a beer . '' 
 robert arrived soon afterward . 
 `` just lighten up ! '' 
 he snapped , sensing russell 's mood . 
 glen waited with the others for dominic , the group 's remaining member . 
 sometimes his wife , a caramel-skinned woman of southeast asian descent also tagged along , much to the approval of everyone but russell , who considered her a distraction and bad example . 
 he criticized the fact that she participated only when she was n't seeing enough of her husband at home . 
 dominic peeked in the front door . 
 `` sorry , prescilla could n't make it today . 
 i tried to persuade her , but it seems she minded the way you guys drooled at her last time . '' 
 `` and we thought we were being discreet , '' laughed mike . 
 `` was it the bibs we had on ? '' 
 `` thanks for dropping by to let us know . 
 next time just call , '' robert said . 
 `` there is no reason to bother showing up alone , you know . '' 
 `` can i still come in glen ? '' 
 `` go home . 
 you 're not wanted here . '' 
 `` get in here ! '' 
 russell said . 
 `` okay , glen , are you in or out ? '' 
 `` the kitchen beckons . '' 
 `` get lost then . '' 
 glen enjoyed the gatherings from the room next door . 
 there he could dip into a novel and eavesdrop simultaneously . 
 he could listen in and mull over the topic under discussion with no pressure to come up with an opinion of his own , for while the others spoke out freely about the world 's problems , he felt inhibited by a lack of real understanding . 
 he rarely read the right newspapers and magazines to be properly informed and , according to russell , read all the wrong books . 
 what then could he possibly contribute ? 
 on this occasion , the group focused on the current state of the country . 
 russell predicted canada would soon be bought up like a piece of real estate , then finally occupied outright . 
 he stressed there was no way this could n't happen : the population in the united states was escalating at an alarming rate -- -- four hundred and fifty million by the year 2045 ! 
 -- -- which meant it had to push north to open up living space and exploit the much needed natural resources . 
 and this was to say nothing about the climate change , which scientists predicted would create vast tracks of uninhabitable dust bowl south of the border . 
 the invasion would unfold according to the usual script . 
 first the u.s. had to pull some threat to national security out of a hat . 
 washington needed only to make some disconcerting claim , such as canada had become a safe haven for terrorists , and the media would be free to hatch any number of paranoid scenarios . 
 the american people would take these to heart and begin to fear that a real danger was lurking close to their sacred soil : canada , that onetime friend . 
 canada had never done enough to stop the deluge of narcotics from flooding over its borders and poisoning american society . 
 how could they be relied on to stanch the flow of terrorism ? 
 `` this has got to be one of your favorites , '' said dominic . 
 `` but can we just skip it this time , please ? 
 let 's not get caught up in the great american invasion of canada again . '' 
 russell sat on the edge of the armchair , shouting to make his point . 
 the group knew they would have to be patient now and let him talk himself out . 
 to interrupt him in the middle of one of his tirades was pointless , even detrimental : it fueled even more hostility . 
 in the meantime , they all sipped on their beers and munched on chips from the bowls their host had carefully placed around the room . 
 glen was just thoughtful that way . 
 winding down some , russell said , `` you guys really ought to do a little reading before coming to these discussions . 
 we have to be informed , much more informed than the average person , if we 're going to be effective . '' 
 `` what to you mean ? '' 
 mike replied . 
 `` i read every bit as much as you . '' 
 `` it 's not reading that 's missing , '' robert said . 
 `` we never do anything for fuck 's sakes . 
 what about actually doing something for a change . 
 i thought that 's what these damned meetings were suppose to lead to . '' 
 russell began talking about the history of american foreign policy , mike cut in with more of his book citations , and soon robert had things he wanted to address . 
 the thread of the discussion frayed and veered off in irrelevant tangents . 
 sensing this , russell then tried to reel the group back to a single theme ; but it was a bit like trying to reverse an explosion , fitting all the scattered shards and fragments back together into one piece . 
 robert stepped into the kitchen on his way to the bathroom . 
 `` how 're things going ? '' 
 glen asked . 
 robert shook his head : `` russ can be a hard on , ca n't he ? '' 
 `` you 've been saying that for i do n't know how long . '' 
 `` i guess . '' 
 `` somebody 's got to be super intense about it . 
 i think if he was n't like that , you all would 've stopped coming a long time ago . '' 
 then russell shuffled into the kitchen , tugging up on his jeans . 
 glen pointed to the fridge and made a drinking gesture . 
 he got up and fetched a bag of chips from the cupboard . 
 `` it 's going down the fucking drain , '' russell said as he uncapped the beer bottles . 
 `` there 's no focus . 
 everybody is all over the place . '' 
 `` do n't say that . '' 
 `` there 's never any real headway . '' 
 glen was afraid of sounding fatalistic to his friend : there was never going to be any headway . 
 never any real progress . 
 you could join a cause , try to help others , but it 'd always amount to a kind of solace and nothing more , because the numbers could n't be altered . 
 throughout history and civilization , the numbers had never changed and one had to crush any hope that they ever would . 
 the people who were moral and cared about others were simply born that way , just like those -- -- the overwhelming majority -- -- who did n't give a shit and screwed whoever they felt they had to in order to get ahead . 
 russell leaned over the counter ; rested his head against the cupboard : `` this is all a fucking joke . '' 
 **** `` you should meet my tenant downstairs sometime , '' glen said . 
 `` he 's quite an interesting fellow . '' 
 `` compared to you that is , '' russell replied . 
 `` this guy has lived in china and speaks perfect mandarin . '' 
 `` remember how he hates you though . 
 just bear that in mind . '' 
 `` say what ? '' 
 `` it 's practically established scientific fact . '' 
 `` scientific fact ? '' 
 glen had to laugh at that . 
 `` tenants are antithetical to landlords , like the -- -- it 's the dog versus cat dynamic , only on the human social plane , which involves a natural hatred and distrust . 
 in fact , when dogs and cats watch cartoons they 're about landlords trying to catch their tenants , but never quite managing to . 
 in the end , the tenant always wins . '' 
 `` let 's see if i get it . 
 the cartoon dog owns a house , a dog house , which makes it the landlord who wants to catch and eat the cat symbolizing the tenant . 
 but , in the first place , a cat would n't want to live in a dog house , plus there is n't a tenant anymore if it 's been eaten . 
 where is business going to come from then ? 
 even dogs are n't that stupid . '' 
 `` you know that bird and cat cartoon ? 
 you know the one ? 
 well , you see , the bird cage represents the landlord 's rental property . 
 it makes a safe home for that chickenshit bird , but in a way it 's also a cage . '' 
 `` you 're making this up as you go along and it 's not making any sense . '' 
 `` i 'm making too much sense . 
 there is a difference . '' 
 `` where does the cat fit in ? '' 
 `` we 're talking about the bird for now . '' 
 `` hmmm , so now i 'm trapped in a bird cage . '' 
 `` and you 're a chickenshit . '' 
 glen laughed . 
 `` in reality i 'm a chickenshit little bird who does n't own a thing . 
 because it 's martha who owns everything . '' 
 `` when are you gon na stop spouting that line ? '' 
 `` it happens to be the truth . '' 
 `` believe me , you 're the landlord to him -- -- okay , man ? 
 -- -- your fascinating new tenant . 
 that or something lower , the landlord 's kiss-ass lackey . 
 i 'd say chances are he loathes you . '' 
 `` just put the dvd in . '' 
 `` so what 's he like , this wonderful , talented tenant of yours ? '' 
 `` he 's lived in china for something like seven years and speaks fluent mandarin . 
 he 's like this perfect guy who 's lived a perfect life . 
 he 's had all these interesting experiences . '' 
 `` while you pretty much , well , just fart around your apartment . '' 
 `` you 're full of it today . '' 
 `` where did you leave the dvd ? '' 
 `` on top of the thingy . 
 the dvd player . '' 
 russell looked around the room , losing patience . 
 `` try the kitchen table . '' 
 `` hey -- -- ummmm , glen . '' 
 glen leaned to one side of the sofa , looked through the kitchen door . 
 his friend was staring out over the backyard . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you 've got someone wandering around -- -- fuck , just come look ! '' 
 a stranger was at the door of the shed out back . 
 his face was n't visible : peering inside , he held it close against the window . 
 `` fucker , '' murmured glen . 
 the man gave the door knob a twist . 
 he was wearing old sweat pants , with a bum belt hanging around his waist . 
 beneath the drab attire there was a lean and muscular physique . 
 `` sorry about that , fucker , but i did actually think of locking the door . '' 
 `` some junky , '' russell said . 
 `` strange , this is n't junky territory . '' 
 `` the guy is so open about it . 
 right in broad daylight . '' 
 glen gave russell a sideways glance : `` i guess i have to . '' 
 `` yeah , you got to . '' 
 he went out onto the landing . 
 `` can i help you ? '' 
 the man quickly sized glen up , then glanced at russell in the window . 
 his eyes were disturbingly unfazed as he strolled up the cement path . 
 he even smiled , coldly . 
 glen gripped the railing : oh shit , oh shit -- -- here we go ! 
 he imagined a sudden scrap between two grown men . 
 him getting wrestled onto the lawn . 
 there was a rap on the basement door . 
 `` hey , '' said justin . 
 `` hey , come on in . '' 
 chapter four : summer it was early june and school 's end . 
 justin announced he was heading back to taiwan for the summer . 
 `` i could do summer school here and finish my degree early , '' he said , `` but the wife is pining for me and i miss her way too much . '' 
 despite knowing that this day would come sooner or later , glen felt cheated and crestfallen . 
 it would be hard to replace such an ideal tenant . 
 a week later , justin came to the front door with a bit of news and an idea . 
 he knew a classmate who wanted to rent the basement during the summer . 
 the plan was that his classmate , someone by the name of bill decker , would take the apartment from may to august , then he 'd return from taiwan at the start of september to reclaim it for the next academic year . 
 `` i 'm really happy here , '' justin said . 
 `` there are good transit connections to the university for one thing and the area 's nice . '' 
 glen agreed : `` the number twenty-three bus . 
 i took it to university myself when i went there . 
 and now there 's the skytrain too , of course . '' 
 `` you went to ubc ? '' 
 `` quit some time ago . '' 
 `` what did you study ? '' 
 `` english lit . '' 
 `` really ? 
 i wish i 'd known . 
 did you do graduate work ? '' 
 but you did know , glen thought , i remember mentioning it to you -- -- it 's just that you did n't give two shits . 
 `` no , just the lowly ba , '' he said . 
 `` i did n't see much reason to go to graduate school , since i was n't interested in teaching and that 's really all you can do with an english literature doctorate . '' 
 `` what did you end up doing with your degree then ? '' 
 `` i became a teacher . '' 
 both of them shook their heads and laughed . 
 fireworks blasted in glen 's smile : he could be amusing to someone like justin ! 
 `` i 'm sure you needed the money , '' justin said . 
 `` same old story . '' 
 **** a red pickup truck parked in front of the house . 
 justin 's classmate was right on time for the appointment , and glen stood outside his door ready to show the apartment . 
 but when the summer tenant climbed out of the cab everything changed at once . 
 glen groaned : of all the rotten fucking luck ! 
 the countless molecules , particles , and atoms that mortared glen 's being poofed into a swirl of dust . 
 blood drained from his face and he gripped the side of the porch for balance : the same unwashed sweat pants and bum pack , the same glinty gray flecks of hair . 
 this bill decker fellow was the same motherfucker he and russell had caught trying to break into the backyard shed ! 
 he was an actual university student ? 
 he was a student in the same department as justin ? 
 glen wondered , what kind of misery am i in for now ? 
 `` good morning , you 're justin 's classmate ? '' 
 he called out . 
 `` that 'd be me , '' bill smiled . 
 they shook hands like the best of pals , but bill 's chummy manner failed to still glen 's jangled nerves . 
 he felt an urgent need for more information about this newest threat : who was bill and what did he do ? 
 he dressed like white trash but was he ? 
 out of consideration for justin , glen had foolishly waived the rental procedure , which involved filling in the tenancy agreement and checking references . 
 what a huge mistake ; the regret made him sick to his stomach . 
 `` i work at red cedar equipment , '' said bill . 
 `` one of those outdoor sports places on broadway . '' 
 `` over on broadway and main . '' 
 `` is that right ? 
 is it a good place to work ? '' 
 bill was classified as a mature student . 
 he was in the same program as justin , majoring in the modern chinese language . 
 that bill decker had made it as far as university had to count for something . 
 surely it was a good sign . 
 a very promising omen . 
 `` you 've already got the keys ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` justin gave’em . 
 that alright ? '' 
 `` okay , well , you wo n't be moving much in , or will you , since you 're only staying for the summer ? 
 i can be around to help you move your stuff in , but justin said you would n't be moving any furniture in '' -- -- god , could he sound any more shaken up ? 
 glen imagined dropping a huge sedative into a glass of water and swallowing it . 
 there now that was better . 
 `` my stuff 's in storage over the summer , '' bill said , `` but thanks anyway . '' 
 it was a relief to be wrong about bill decker , who seemed quite congenial , as well as candid about his affairs . 
 glen scolded himself : you ca n't judge a book by its cover . 
 besides , justin had vouched for his classmate and glen had faith in justin 's judgment of character : he was somebody who had really been out in the world and experienced life fully , which should make him an authority on human nature . 
 nonetheless , those first impressions of bill were going to be tough to forget : bill cranking on the door knob of the shed ; the unflinching gaze of someone who had done time -- -- for there could be no doubt bill had certainly done time . 
 two weeks passed without incident . 
 bill was quiet when home and pleasant whenever they bumped into each other . 
 this confirmed to glen that his initial wariness had been based on something utterly deplorable . 
 he had n't known the first thing about his tenant bill , yet conjured up an unfavorable impression simply because the guy was visibly low-income -- -- for christ 's sake give the man a break ! 
 bill was middle-aged and working his ass off to get a decent education . 
 that was nothing short of commendable . 
 the discovery of this inner prejudice disturbed glen . 
 had he inherited the distrust of his fellow man that streaked martha 's character ? 
 was he mean and suspicious just like her ? 
 could he really be that awful ? 
 **** people once paid good money to hang one of his father 's paintings on their walls . 
 now glen was getting one for free , and with it came the privilege of being able to choose from among dozens of works . 
 even before arriving at the pool house , glen had pared his choice down to a few favorites , which he set against the wall to consider further : which would look best on the large bare space above the sofa at home ? 
 a painting would show best under sunlight -- -- which they had n't seen for years -- -- and the living room got more than any room in the house . 
 the final choice was `` the rebuke of adam and eve . '' 
 for one thing it was n't a madonna and baby jesus , or anything else equally commonplace . 
 but glen did n't pick the painting because of its theme , nor because of the artist . 
 he just liked how it dealt with the scene unfolding between a furious god almighty and his son ; the one suspended in midair , wagging a finger and roaring disapproval , the other beseeching his creator and gesturing towards eve , palms upturned . 
 you could just hear adam objecting : it was n't my fault ! 
 she made me do it ! 
 adam was the real star of the work , outdoing even the spectacle of god and his clutch of cherubs sweeping into the foreground aboard flowing red drapery . 
 adam 's body language was eye-catching and dynamic ; his tall physique curved gracefully as he made a case for innocence , while his face revealed both glib and craven nuances . 
 meanwhile , eve languished in the bottom corner , arms plump as a grandmother 's , rosy knees pressed modestly shut , and exhibiting an involvement that was , in relation to all the drama going on , strangely unfazed . 
 glen adored the painting 's nudity . 
 under the italian master 's brush , the naked body was something voluptuous , as if meant to be celebrated in bold , pleasure-giving coitus . 
 this was the usual renaissance style embodying an unabashed sexuality that , honestly , glen longed to claim for himself . 
 he knew that being protestant , if only culturally , the pallid and gaunt nudity depicted by northern european painters , and the incumbent sexual uptightness , came closer to reflecting his own sensibility towards the body and physical love : there was a distasteful quality about the whole business that ought n't be enjoyed . 
 the human body was an unsettling thing . 
 but both of them , adam and eve , needed a little sun on their limbs . 
 their pallor suggested an eden located in the pacific northwest somewhere , a paradise of drizzle and overcast skies . 
 glen smiled at the idea , as he packed up the paintings and returned them to the stack . 
 of course , the garden of eden could be situated anywhere one 's mind put it . 
 **** bill decker played the classical guitar and practiced regularly in the afternoon . 
 glen enjoyed being serenaded and was eager to find out how bill had acquired such a passion for self-cultivation . 
 on the last day of the month , glen did n't at first go down to fetch the rent ; he preferred giving bill the chance to pay unbidden . 
 that did n't happen , however , and grim premonition pounced forth from where it 'd been skulking all along : you could always tell the type ! 
 he realized he 'd been waiting for this to happen and fearing it . 
 now he had to assume the role of ass-hole and kick the whole landlord-versus-tenant power play into motion . 
 anxiety tugged at his intestines , like tiny hands squeezing a soft udder . 
 this was going to be brutal . 
 bill was n't your lawful-looking justin wheeler type . 
 he had an aggressive edge that set your nerves on end . 
 for a good twenty minutes glen fretted over how to phrase his demand for the rent money : so how about the rent ? 
 give me my goddamned money , please ! 
 okay , let 's not have any trouble motherfucker , please ! 
 it would have been wiser to ask bill for the month 's rent up front , on the day of his arrival . 
 that was how it was supposed to be done . 
 so why had n't he done it ? 
 at roughly eight the next evening -- -- taking care not to pester his tenant at dinner and calculating that coming later on in the day would seem more nonchalant -- -- glen plucked up the courage to pay bill decker a visit . 
 he tapped lightly on the door with a forefinger , picking up the drone of the television inside the apartment . 
 the tv went silent with the turn of the dial . 
 glen took a deep breath ; knocked harder to assert authority . 
 a police knock . 
 but nobody answered and nobody was going to answer . 
 bill was pretty brash about it too : not ten minutes after glen had gone back upstairs , the television came back on again . 
 so it was all true . 
 glen popped down the following evening : again no tenant . 
 on the third of the month , he knocked a bit earlier in the day and detected a shuffling sound in the room to the left of the door . 
 not brave enough to try knocking again , glen skipped back up the stairs , actually relieved to have once again escaped a potentially unpleasant confrontation . 
 only later did it occur to him that bill might have been watching through the blinds as he fled : a rabbit trying to collect money from a wolf . 
 god , how embarrassing . 
 on the fourth , the basement was sepulchral all day . 
 glen listened for signs of routine apartment life , well aware he 'd been forced into the old game of hound-the-tenant . 
 and the tension , as predicted , took its toll on his fragile state of mind . 
 he began fixating on the floor beneath his feet as if it were about to tremor or suddenly collapse . 
 in his thoughts the floor sometimes grew skillet-hot and he tucked his feet up as he sat on the sofa , the big book of anxiety opened in his lap . 
 reading this tome made the circumstances he was living under crystal clear : it was high time , the umpteenth high time , to stop fearing what he had no control over . 
 moving his bedding down to the living room for the night , glen lay with an ear pressed to the carpet . 
 he could hear air molecules whispering conspiracy among themselves , but not a fart from his tenant . 
 then on the eighth of the month , at twoish in the afternoon , there was a soft thud in the basement . 
 the house would normally have smothered it had glen not been paying such close attention . 
 a leg had bumped into a table , or a box had been set on the floor , or a book had fallen off a shelf : that motherfucking bill decker was home ! 
 oh shit ! 
 glen moved fast , bounding down the backstairs so that they groaned beneath his weight . 
 but the fear and apprehension leaping down after him quickly caught up : he froze in panic when the lock snapped and the door opened . 
 `` i hate -- -- sorry , to bother you . 
 how 're you doing ? '' 
 `` not so well , '' said bill , without a smile . 
 `` everything going alright ? '' 
 `` not really , i lost my job . 
 i 'll be late with the money this month . '' 
 `` i see . '' 
 `` i 've already got another job at lurie 's books . 
 you know that place over on broadway ? '' 
 `` oh , yeah ? 
 great . 
 an interesting place to work . '' 
 stern displeasure was warranted . 
 well , displeasure of some sort : bill had purposely evaded him . 
 strangely , though , the hard pit of acrimony in glen 's gut vanished ; his bitter feelings and resentment rocketed into outer space and their abrupt absence left him feeling dizzy . 
 the benign voice he heard in his head reminded him to have faith . 
 bill was working again , so the money would be coming in . 
 glen reminded himself that bill was a fellow human being who should n't be regarded as some kind of bad guy simply because he 'd fallen on hard luck . 
 do n't be the intolerant hard-ass everyone expects a landlord to be , glen told himself . 
 be what you originally set out to be and stand by justin 's friend , the friend of a friend . 
 be that kind of person . 
 `` when can you come up with the rent ? '' 
 `` i got ta fucking eat . '' 
 bill was punchy ; glen winced . 
 `` give me a week to pay up last month 's rent , then i 'll work something out with a friend of mine for next month . 
 i 've already talked to him and should be able to borrow something . '' 
 `` fine , '' said glen . 
 `` i appreciate that . '' 
 conversation was salve for glen 's chafed nerves and his tenant obliged . 
 glen heard about bill 's odysseys , brawls , and close calls . 
 there were the hippy communes in california , the hitchhiking treks spanning the continent , and , naturally , the drugs : bill was a regular charles bukowski type and a wonderful storyteller . 
 at present he was studying classical guitar on his own and learning chinese at university . 
 without a doubt , he was trying to make up for the youth he 'd squandered and the chances that had slipped him by . 
 the day came to call on bill again . 
 `` how 's summer school going ? '' 
 glen asked . 
 `` chinese is fucking deadly , especially without justin around to give me a hand . 
 why 'd he have to bugger off to taiwan , eh ? '' 
 `` he 's got a wife out there . '' 
 `` she does n't need any help learning chinese , '' bill joked , `` i do . '' 
 they stood facing each other , glen taller but slighter by far . 
 `` i have n't got anything for you , '' bill said . 
 it took a second to catch on : `` i 'm sorry to hear that . '' 
 `` i 'm working my way through university , so i ca n't work full-time . 
 it 's a tricky situation because if i fuck up this summer , it could ruin my chances of graduating at the end of next year . 
 i do n't want to do another year of summer school . 
 you know how it is , right ? '' 
 where the hell does that leave me ? 
 glen wanted to know . 
 yet he could n't honestly say that he knew how it was . 
 no , he did n't know how it was to be without money and could only try to empathize . 
 wealth in the hoggarth family meant he 'd attended university without worrying about finances . 
 good fortune had been his at birth . 
 he 'd gotten plenty of breaks . 
 bill deserved one too . 
 martha called . 
 `` since you have n't phoned , i 'm assuming everything is sailing along smoothly . '' 
 `` i 've got everything under control . '' 
 `` mind telling me what everything might be ? 
 maybe i can help . '' 
 `` no , really , there 's nothing this time . 
 thanks for asking . '' 
 `` just do n't wait until it gets to be too much . '' 
 `` right , mom , right . 
 there 's nothing . '' 
 `` nothing has a way of turning into something . '' 
 `` just give me a chance ! 
 things are okay . '' 
 `` boy , bad as that . '' 
 martha 's nettled good humor was one thing ; it merely irked . 
 but a searing marthian rebuke was quite another : he absolutely could not wind up a liar , or worse a lying fool . 
 the measures he took from here on had to be equal to the problems at hand . 
 anything less would be disastrous . 
 his mother always called when things were going badly . 
 she had the uncanny ability to gauge his stress level from where she was then call to pester him . 
 the woman lived inside his head like a tumor . 
 **** the walls ceased sighing . 
 the hiss of ocean surf receded . 
 glen groped at the wall for the light switch -- -- he could concentrate better in darkness , without the room 's plain existence to distract him -- -- and returned to bed . 
 but panic muddled his thinking . 
 pajamas lay in a heap at his feet ; he was naked in an unknown room ; fear seemed the most reasonable response . 
 his pajamas were too damp to put back on . 
 he brought the dripping pile to the bathroom tub and began wringing them out . 
 bending over his labor , watching the dirty puddle gather in the drain , the same questions circled round and round in his head . 
 the questions . 
 he slipped , the tiles underfoot split apart . 
 running a hand over the cracks glen discovered he could dig his finger into the wet sand packed underneath : jesus ! 
 a house of sand , he thought , the whole room could cave in ! 
 he rushed out of the bathroom as if it were about to collapse . 
 the kitchen was one door down . 
 its shutters had been rolled up . 
 a small enclosed courtyard lay outside . 
 birds skittered about the trees whose branches twitched with their tiny-bodied life . 
 in the backdrop there were enormous cathedral domes plated with sheets of copper . 
 the windowed turrets crowning them resembled small lanterns . 
 footprints marred the sprinkle of sand on the floor : big ones , small ones . 
 the table had been wiped off with a folded newspaper . 
 an empty carafe stood at its center . 
 the fridge , no colder inside than room temperature , was barren and the cupboards empty but for several tinfoil baking trays , two bowls and two sets of smokey steel cutlery . 
 glen stooped to a dunce 's reasoning : there were two people living here who had to eat . 
 the man in the black hat ; the girl . 
 **** glen sat at the kitchen table . 
 he was waiting for the first sounds of movement in the basement , so he could go down . 
 it was early morning , but his frayed nerves would n't allow him to postpone the visit : he had to go down first thing and not return without the rent money in hand . 
 then at nine fifteen he heard the heavy clump of a footstep -- -- his fucking tenant was up ! 
 glen besought his maker : please make bill come through for me today . 
 make the impossible happen . 
 fuck , please god , just one month 's rent would be pretty amazing ! 
 he went down the backstairs a condemned man . 
 but after standing at the door , knocking on and off for a few minutes , his mind jolted awake : the house emanated an abandoned hollowness , and it was telling him something . 
 he dashed around to the side , the front , and the far side of the house , crouching low to glance inside each window as he passed . 
 the guitar was leaning against the wall beside the television , its caramel soundboard gleaming . 
 a stack of dishes had been placed next to the sink . 
 in the bedroom , a pair of jeans lay strewn over rumpled bed covers . 
 all of the curtains were wide open , making only the bathroom hidden from scrutiny . 
 could bill actually be waiting it out in there ? 
 glen envisaged him stretching out in the bathtub with a smug grin on his chiseled ex-con 's face . 
 flipping through a magazine to bide his time . 
 no distant figure of a man in flight down the street . 
 no pickup truck peeling away from the curb . 
 bill was long gone . 
 fucking hell ! 
 back upstairs glen picked up the phone . 
 the conversation started off garbled : he was unable to provide a coherent account of events . 
 `` you would n't tell me what was going on , '' martha said , `` even though i invited you to do so several times . 
 now deal with it yourself . '' 
 `` okay , how ? '' 
 `` it was your decision to keep this mess to yourself . 
 well , now you know it 's not smart to keep secrets . 
 have n't i always just been trying to help ? '' 
 glen endured his mother 's patented soft-toned upbraiding , the strained calm which suggested she was n't going to blow her stack . 
 not this time , anyway . 
 when martha paused for effect , her soft breath on the other end of the line was like a blue flame licking his innards . 
 she 'd known all along he was going to have to make this call . 
 `` i quit because i was in the business long enough , '' she said . 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` and i 'm too old to be chasing tenants . 
 or , for that matter , putting right the trouble you create for yourself . '' 
 `` yes , i know . '' 
 `` every job has its downside , no job is easy . 
 and it 's only the one basement apartment you 're supposed to be managing . 
 right under your nose ! '' 
 `` yes . 
 yes . '' 
 `` you said you could control the situation . '' 
 `` yes , i know . '' 
 `` so do it ! '' 
 `` okay then '' -- -- he 'd hate martha for the rest of her fucking life ! 
 `` you 've needed something like this . 
 now grow up . '' 
 glen set the receiver down , punched another phone number . 
 he wanted to be as far away as possible from that perfidious basement ; he holed up in the attic and curled up on the bed , where only the roof and shingles , perhaps a smattering of sparse clouds , separated him from his odious unmaker . 
 why be passive about it and wait for the bastard to send down an invitation ? 
 why wait around for more of the same dreary deal ? 
 he could easily unmake himself right now and save himself decades of the tedious sick psychology . 
 his thoughts turned to suicide . 
 a light-knuckled rap summoned him downstairs . 
 russell stood on the porch : `` shit , this is n't good . 
 look at you . '' 
 `` turn away , please , if it sickens you . '' 
 a few sympathetic words were all glen expected . 
 his friend 's function at this time was to provide distraction , to get him out of his head . 
 they might rent a few movies , drink some beer . 
 `` when does justin get back ? '' 
 russell asked from the armchair . 
 `` kick him out of the apartment and cut your losses . 
 know better next time . '' 
 but eviction involved arbitration rarely favoring the landlord . 
 and even if the landlord won the case , that did n't mean he could enter the apartment and start chucking out the tenant 's belongings . 
 a bonded sheriff had to be hired to handle the tenant 's possessions and the fee for this service was prohibitive . 
 martha would flip out over the expense . 
 `` do you think justin knew bill was going to pull this kind of stunt ? '' 
 russell asked . 
 `` i mean , they 're friends , right ? 
 how much do you think you can trust this justin guy ? '' 
 glen pondered the question . 
 there had been a whole nine months to evaluate just what kind of person justin was . 
 `` how about martha ? 
 she beat you up over this ? '' 
 `` she keeps hoping i 'll become another one of her . 
 when that does n't happen she becomes scornful . '' 
 if only she 'd die in a traffic accident . 
 walk under a falling piano . 
 `` well , fuck it . 
 she 's not being realistic , '' said russell . 
 `` she can be worse than you . '' 
 russell shook his head : `` you should n't let me get away with being a jerk . 
 next time you have my permission to get violent . 
 you should slug me one . '' 
 russell noticed the oil painting above glen 's head : adam and eve , the two soon-to-be banished lovers , cowering beside the shady tree . 
 god hectoring them from above , his white tresses fluttering in the wind . 
 `` that 's new , '' he said . 
 `` i brought it from the ranch . 
 too much for the room ? '' 
 `` it does kind of take over . 
 it belongs in a church . '' 
 `` it 's museum standard . '' 
 `` it belongs in the house of some old , rich couple . '' 
 russell was leaning forward , studying what he saw . 
 `` what are those tiny cabbages with wings . '' 
 in the painting three golden-haired cherub 's heads hovered at tree level . 
 off to the side , below , there was also a lamb , a lion , and a horse , each of which certainly symbolized something . 
 `` honestly , i have no idea . '' 
 `` your dad painted a lot of fat broads , '' russell commented . 
 `` i think they 're hot , only this one could maybe use implants . 
 a big woman needs a big set of jugs to go with everything else . '' 
 `` that was their time 's ideal female beauty . '' 
 `` she 's this big hunk of a woman with teeny-weeny breasts . 
 say , was your mother ever fat ? '' 
 `` she 's always been exactly like now . '' 
 `` so your dad did n't go for fat broads in real life . 
 he only fantasized about them . '' 
 glen glanced up at what russell was looking at . 
 eve 's pink toes and plump , rose-tinted knees . 
 her curvaceous , big-boned legs , which were her most attractive feature . 
 he could imagine their marble smoothness , the tautness of the skin . 
 sliding a hand along an inner thigh . 
 to see eve 's legs open just a crack . 
 **** but -- -- but what the fuck ! 
 what the fuck of fucks ! 
 it was some girl . 
 she 'd rounded the corner of the shed out back and was walking blithely up the path . 
 she did n't notice glen sitting at the kitchen table ; either she was n't very observant or the sky 's reflection on the kitchen window obscured his presence there . 
 she was oriental . 
 the basement door slammed shut so hard that the entire house hopped . 
 glen knew he had no choice but to go down . 
 he put on a different shirt , stepped into his runners . 
 unlike bill , the girl at least answered the door . 
 she had tragically uneven teeth , a mouthful of jutting white tips . 
 glen instantly pictured some wild prairie rodent , one with a nasty bite but that could otherwise be cradled harmlessly in your arms . 
 she badly mispronounced certain consonants ; the way she uttered bill 's name made it sound more like beer . 
 glen remembered teaching english phonetics during his stint as an esl teacher many years ago . 
 only the japanese students had distorted english 's liquids to such a degree . 
 `` who are you ? 
 is bill here ? '' 
 `` oooh -- -- bill not here . '' 
 `` do you know when he 'll be back ? '' 
 `` in a few day . 
 his mother ear , so he say i stay here . '' 
 `` ill is she ? 
 and who exactly might you be ? '' 
 `` i 'm bill 's grandmother . '' 
 her lips split into a sharky smirk . 
 that was a joke between her and her accomplice bill decker , glen guessed , likely intended to taunt him -- -- or just maybe it was good-natured , fun-loving jest on the part an amiable japanese girl . 
 there was n't a wisp of malice about her ; her mouth spread wide into a beaming grin and she was thrilled to be alive . 
 how in the world had someone like her get mixed up with that prick bill decker ? 
 unless the cute sweetness was all an act . 
 the girl 's name was rumiko and she was scrawny , downright runtish . 
 what was more , her jet black hair was uncombed and looked oily and unwashed . 
 this was a rare sight among the immaculately neat japanese . 
 in all , she struck glen as someone peculiar and unlikely . 
 `` i 'm bill 's house guest , '' she explained , more serious now . 
 `` house guest , eh ? 
 do you have any idea when he 's coming back ? '' 
 `` back in a few day . 
 his mother ear and i should stay and watch . '' 
 `` should stay and watch ? '' 
 `` in casuu brrr-ecku-in . '' 
 he knew martha would chuck the girl out on her ear . 
 she 'd do it right away too , before the situation sprouted complications . 
 christ ! 
 if what bill decker inflicted on him was n't becoming more bizarre by the day . 
 now there was this oddball imposter -- -- some trick ! 
 that bill , glen had to admit , was pretty damned astute in the end . 
 the guy knew perfectly which buttons to push and levers to pull . 
 had he done all this before to some other poor sod ? 
 glen softened his tone : `` you can stay a few days . 
 if you try to stay any longer than that , i go to arbitration . 
 do you have any idea what arbitration means ? '' 
 `` noooo , '' she said , adopting glen 's severity . 
 `` if you become involved in arbitration , it could mean losing your right to stay in canada and being forced to return home . 
 by any chance do you have bill 's mother 's phone number ? '' 
 `` noooo , '' she replied throatily . 
 she seemed taken aback by the question . 
 `` i 'm willing to give you three days , you hear ? 
 after that i call my lawyers and we begin the arbitration case against both bill decker and yourself . 
 i do n't know what lies he 's told you about staying in this apartment , but this kind of thing is n't allowed in canada . 
 it 's illegal . '' 
 glen waited out the time in agitated languor . 
 during the night or while napping , bed-ridden in the attic 's incubator hush , the blade of anxiety sliced glen 's slumber like a fin through calm waters . 
 and when awake , depression held him fogbound . 
 he sat studying fridge magnets in the kitchen . 
 he gazed dully at the street in front of the house . 
 a whole afternoon came and went as he held a book open in his lap and stared blankly at the wall . 
 then , when zapped by a random spell of acuity , glen voraciously read a few pages of a novel or watched the news on tv , knowing the lucidity would n't last very long . 
 this was the price he paid for his life 's recent developments . 
 he paid first for what others did to him , then for what he did to himself . 
 on one trip downstairs to prepare lunch , lured to the window by the afternoon sun , glen caught a glimpse of his tormentor in the street . 
 rumiko was ambling down the sidewalk from the hilltop grocer , dreamily swinging her shopping bag without a care in the world . 
 she paused at the intersection and raised her face to the gorgeous summer rays . 
 a gopher sniffing a scent . 
 but fuck ! 
 -- -- the trouble he 'd managed to put himself in ! 
 he was such an idiot ! 
 but this was precisely what people like him did to themselves . 
 rendered witless by their illness , they became their own worst enemies . 
 the actual rental agreement for the basement had been signed by justin wheeler ; for the summer months a verbal agreement had been reached with a second tenant , bill decker ; and now a pint-sized girl from japan happened to be occupying the place and who knew for how long ? 
 the apartment was simultaneously the residence of three different parties , none of whom were paying a dime 's worth of rent ! 
 in retrospect , his mother had been right about tenants . 
 but of course she knew the rental business . 
 what was the point of denying her that ? 
 the three days he 'd given the rumiko came and went without him taking action . 
 he simply did n't feel up to badgering anyone and decided to spend one more day in bed fortifying his resolve , which inevitably became yet one more day on top of that . 
 on the afternoon of day five , glen finally paid a visit downstairs . 
 he nudged open the basement door with a foot . 
 `` bill 's rent is way past due , '' he said . 
 `` you 're now illegally occupying an apartment that i 'm about to take back . 
 do n't tell me you 're actually paying that bastard rent to stay here . 
 how long did bill say you could stay ? '' 
 `` no , house guest only . '' 
 `` he told you to say that . 
 he coached you . '' 
 an empty stare . 
 `` bill and you are cheating me ! '' 
 `` no . 
 no . 
 his mother ear . '' 
 bill 's mother could burn in hell . 
 all mothers could fry in hell . 
 glen wagged a finger : `` you said three days and i took that to be the literal truth . 
 i accepted you at your word in order to be fair . 
 if you now ask for even more time , i 'll take what you told me before as a lie . 
 why , then , should i let you lie to me again -- -- am i talking too fast for you ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` you have to go . 
 it 's the law in canada . '' 
 `` noooooo . 
 noooo . 
 an emergency ! 
 his mother ear . '' 
 she wore the same clothes as the first day : black pants with a drawstring and a faded sweat shirt , all clean but threadbare . 
 from what glen could make out , japan was breastless , board-flat , and had the narrow hips of an undernourished boy . 
 she was eating -- -- he 'd seen her with bags of groceries , milk and cheese and fruit -- -- so this had to be rumiko 's natural physique . 
 `` the next time bill calls , tell him the jig is up . 
 can you remember to say that ? 
 this has gone on too long and i 'm putting my foot down . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` you have to go , okay ? 
 you 've been here too long to only be a guest . 
 i want to see you start packing your bags , all right ? '' 
 rumiko nodded , half-bowed . 
 `` god , you two are wearing me out ! '' 
 three days later glen discovered the lawn mower was missing . 
 it 'd been parked under the overhang of the evergreen tree , alongside the shed . 
 now only an oil can remained to mark the spot . 
 the little mower had always been safe there , hidden from the thieving eyes prowling the alley . 
 most likely rumiko had been keeping watch for bill , and the moment she saw glen go with russell to the movies , two afternoons ago , she phoned her mentor and he nipped over to load the mower onto his pickup . 
 his pals in the criminal underworld would have helped him fence the thing . 
 that outing with his friend had cost him dearly , but no matter . 
 at the next opportunity he planned to unlock the basement , grab bill 's classical guitar -- -- last time he looked it was there against the wall -- -- and either sell it for pocket money or smash the thing to pieces over the stairs ! 
 that 'd serve bill decker right ! 
 the fucking scumbag ! 
 he did n't confront rumiko over the theft . 
 the thought of seeing anyone frightened him . 
 all alone , glen sat on his sofa engrossed by the living room carpet ; its weavescape mapped out many an excursion away , simply away from his pathetic life . 
 and the utter woe that lay at the heart of it . 
 **** what seemed patently absurd to glen , circumstances nobody could possibly tolerate , was ho-hum and perfectly okay to this japanese girl . 
 despite direct warnings from glen , the owner of the house , rumiko did n't leave the basement . 
 it was as if she were all alone on a faraway island and glen nothing but an innocuous cloud miles up in the sky ; as if she believed her agreeable demeanor to be , in lieu of actual rent money , plenty payment enough . 
 she made no effort to stay clear of glen either , sunbasking fully clothed on the lawn or puttering around the uncared-for flowerbeds bordering the neighbor 's fence : the girl had a thing for puny flowers , weeds , and dirt . 
 she 'd squat down and gaze upon them for long-drawn minutes at a time . 
 what a space cadet ! 
 but how come he found her so charming ? 
 this fascination of hers was merely one facet of the unassuming serenity she possessed -- -- a serenity that caused her , in glen 's mind , to resemble a wee song bird of the kind that visited the window ledge at breakfast time , chirping a delightful ditty and begging for bread crumbs . 
 it occurred to him that rumiko 's vexing presence might well develop into a more endearing quality if he let her continue living in the basement for nothing . 
 her ways generated glimmers of peace and quiet inside him , which in all honesty he hoped would last a while . 
 but one evening he recalled one of martha 's anecdotes . 
 it was about a couple of tenants , husband and wife junkies it turned out , who hid their drugs in the garden of one of her buildings , a large four-plex in which she inhabited an upper-floor suite . 
 one morning very early , martha got out of bed for some reason and spotted the twosome among the flowers , digging furtively at the soil . 
 later , it was discovered they were burying their stash as a precaution against the police . 
 recalling this , glen panicked : did that explain japan 's unusual interest in his flower beds ? 
 she was so unkempt and emaciated : could she be a drug addict ? 
 the fact she knew someone like bill decker made the likelihood seem that much greater . 
 the next day , waiting until rumiko had wandered off down the street , glen rushed outside with a digging fork to do some investigative gardening . 
 he 'd already turned yards of dry soil , unearthing coins , a decomposed mouse , a comb , and a handful of nails , when she came up like a cat from behind . 
 she caught him off guard and for a moment he stood there wondering what excuse to give for his behavior . 
 but clearly not a curious or suspicious person , rumiko nodded a friendly hello and held out the bag of taco chips in her hand . 
 she wrinkled her lips : a smile . 
 `` go for it , '' she said . 
 rumiko disappeared the same day glen got justin 's postcard in the mail . 
 it was from taiwan and stated he was n't returning in september as planned to rent the basement again . 
 god , fuck , shit , glen groaned , i should 've seen this coming ! 
 the card made no mention of bill decker , the fucker responsible for making summer so miserable , and no instructions whatsoever were given about the belongings justin had left behind , which before returning to asia he 'd described as boxes of books left inside the closet -- -- christ ! 
 and now bill 's things were downstairs too ! 
 how could justin be so inconsiderate ? 
 this insensitivity was out of character . 
 what had changed him ? 
 or was it a who , bill decker ? 
 sinister , just imagine . 
 bill had really taken his time to coordinate this : japan and justin effectively out of the picture the very same day . 
 glen refused to believe nobody was masterminding these coincidences . 
 that it was purely chance seemed far-fetched . 
 the ranch -- -- he needed to get out of the city . 
 he wanted to go work in the fresh air and break an honest sweat . 
 maybe he could clean the pool , there was an inch of debris in it . 
 if not that then call russell . 
 but like he needed his shit ! 
 **** in the dream there were four rooms on the ground floor , three of which had been boarded up . 
 the planks nailed across each door were splintery to the touch : they all held fast , even when given a sharp tug . 
 to break in one required a crowbar . 
 he had just his bare hands . 
 glen entered the door not barricaded . 
 inside was a spacious chamber with a high ceiling , empty but for a single cardboard box in the corner furthest from the doorway . 
 crossing over to it , he crouched down to look inside : a girl 's play mirror , a headless doll , and a pair of pretty little shoes . 
 these objects were useless to him . 
 it was n't possible to take them along . 
 he retraced his steps -- -- the footprints left on the sandy floor -- -- and returned to the foyer . 
 the elevator car had long been in disrepair ; inside the iron-mesh shaft a large squarish-shaped box stood upright , which was an antique clock roughly human in height . 
 his eyes growing keener in the dark , glen was also able to make out the cardboard boxes sealed with masking tape . 
 someone either moving in or moving out ? 
 which was it ? 
 second floor . 
 an umbrella stand and an umbrella : moisture like diamond grit beaded the folds of its bell . 
 somebody was here , right now . 
 glen wandered the ransacked rooms . 
 rugs had been rolled up and carried away , chairs and sofas hauled off , and bedding stripped to denude the mattresses . 
 a corridor bent in an l unexpectedly , then a separate compartment appeared which was a storeroom whose porthole overlooked a solar chimney . 
 opposite , the girl -- -- older than in previous dreams , a young woman now -- -- was visible in another window ; she was seated at a desk , hands folded and resting on the wooden desktop , looking blankly into the wallpaper . 
 and gazing out elsewhere , framed by another glass pane , was an opal-faced man whose contoured smear was lit with auroral flickers : a mask that did n't hide anything . 
 not far away a footbridge connected all three of them inside a labyrinth of passageways . 
 glen both pursued and was chased , the sound of doors slamming shut echoing in the long corridors . 
 soon the rooms shrunk to closet-space , so that every step out was also a leg in , locked in a rotating spin , except that he was running faster and closing the gap . 
 and in one room , his legs astride the floor wall to wall , glen froze when he saw the girl lying naked in a galvanized tub of crushed ice . 
 the opal-faced man , black hat , was coming . 
 **** russell called one night to ask if they could use glen 's house again . 
 it was for another meeting of the political affairs discussion group . 
 but he also had some personal news . 
 `` guess what , i 'm getting it ! '' 
 russell said . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 -- -- getting it , getting laid , having sex ! 
 that was what the phrase meant . 
 `` is that why you 've been ignoring my phone calls ? '' 
 `` no , that i do for sport . '' 
 `` who is she then ? '' 
 `` she would n't appreciate me blabbing . '' 
 `` so you told me , basically , just to torment me ? '' 
 `` yeah , sort of . 
 anyway , i 'll tell you about her later . '' 
 that evening glen set the food and glasses out for his guests and took a seat in the kitchen . 
 he was n't there five minutes before he saw russell round the corner of the shed , making vigorous hacking gestures . 
 robert was in step with him and , not surprisingly , the two appeared to be in heated debate . 
 but it was only when the pair had trudged up to the back door that glen saw the third person there behind them . 
 as the three waited on the porch , glen unfastening the bolts , the door light brought this newcomer into view : broad-shouldered , coal-button eyes , and a whalebone hunk of a jawbone -- -- shit ! 
 with a cartoonish mandible like that , this guy could never get away with anything . 
 he 'd be too easy for the police sketch artist to draw . 
 the house adjusted under the weight of the group . 
 after being let in , they did n't pass straight into the living room as was normal procedure ; instead , they collapsed at the kitchen table , the chair legs grinding into the floor a measure of how slack their bodies were and how much they 'd had to drink . 
 they were embroiled in discussion and glen waited to comprehend something , an outsider momentarily stranded on the sidelines . 
 there were no friendly nods of greeting . 
 `` the pizza is already in the next room , '' glen offered , hoping to see a shift of bodies . 
 the kitchen was where he liked to sit alone . 
 russell got up and fetched the pizza boxes off the coffee table , ignoring the cutlery and napkins laid out there . 
 with a reckless underhand toss , he sent the stack of boxes sliding across the table top . 
 robert flipped open one of the lids and peered hungrily inside : `` yummy . '' 
 `` you guys want a beer ? '' 
 russell asked his companions . 
 he 'd usurped the role of host and was shoving glen even further aside . 
 `` and dom and mike ? '' 
 glen asked . 
 `` we wo n't mention him , '' robert said . 
 the big-jawed man grinned at the pizza slice drooping from his hand . 
 the other two turned on glen , eyes accusatory for some reason . 
 `` he 's out , '' said robert . 
 `` no more him . '' 
 `` which one , dom or mike ? '' 
 `` that pussy ! '' 
 `` who are we talking about exactly ? '' 
 `` the quintessential family man , '' russell said to the others at the table . 
 `` he 's placed the welfare of his own family before everything else . 
 if it 's one thing i ca n't stand , it 's this whole sanctity of the family bullshit . 
 let me tell you what i mean . 
 `` we already know all about your much-hated family ethic , '' robert laughed , `` but go ahead . 
 while you 're yacking away , we 'll get a head start on the pizza . '' 
 `` i 've got two points i wan na make . 
 first , how this whole family bullshit is supposed to be sacred and superior to everything else . 
 you get married , then you have kids , and they 're so fucking wonderful because they 're cute and innocent and all that crap . 
 naturally , the mother and father are being great parents if they flip their finger at the whole world and make their kid the center of the universe . 
 the whole world can go to pot -- -- ice caps melt , polar bears go extinct , rain forests burned off the face of the earth -- -- because the kid needs his shit . 
 that 's top priority . '' 
 robert said , `` we 'll put it on our list of things to change , because obviously it 's -- -- hey , this 's really good pizza , pizza man ! '' 
 glen smiled with gratitude : `` where did you guys go before coming over ? '' 
 only the complete stranger , the guy with the huge chin , deigned to respond : `` we went for a few drinks . 
 the pub on the corner of century . '' 
 `` i 'm glen by the way . '' 
 `` derek . 
 thanks for the pizza . '' 
 that was more like it . 
 not rude like the other two . 
 `` if you ask me , '' russell said , `` even though i have no critters of my own , i 'm a better father to the young generation than dominic and all those other bullshit moms and dads . 
 because while they 're always so sure they have their darling spawn 's best interests in mind , in actual fact their indifference is making the world a shit place to live . 
 it 's because of them that their kids will have no clean water to drink when they 're older . 
 fuck , parents are great at giving their kids what they want , but have n't got a clue what their kids actually need . 
 like a world they can live in . '' 
 `` here , here ! '' 
 robert said . 
 `` and your vitally important second point ? 
 let 's hear it , russ , because i 'm already on my third piece . '' 
 `` i take it you guys are pissed dominic is n't coming tonight , '' glen smiled . 
 `` am i right ? '' 
 `` it 's more than fucking that ! '' 
 robert snapped . 
 `` and what 's it to you , anyway ? '' 
 russell asked . 
 `` oh that 's right , you 're the little fly on the wall . 
 you 're the guy who listens in on us as a source of amusement -- -- that 's some sick shit . 
 we 're not your entertainment . 
 get your jollies somewhere else from now on . '' 
 `` a few drinks ? '' 
 -- -- glen gulped . 
 `` just a few drinks , eh ? '' 
 `` but the mind is crystal clear , which brings me to my second point . 
 women have babies and men go to work . 
 the twin curse that ancient society has laid on us . '' 
 `` so why is n't he here then ? '' 
 `` dominic 's not coming any-fucking-more ! '' 
 robert said , `` his wife hears somewhere in the news about police infiltrating activist groups , people getting in trouble for no good reason , just for talking , and her husband ca n't come out anymore . 
 he 's got children to consider . '' 
 `` are things as serious as all that ? '' 
 glen asked . 
 his voice sounded pinched , more incredulous than intended , but his friend 's hostility had thrown him off . 
 anxiety slinked up his spine ; his rib cage squeezed like a corset pulled too tight . 
 `` what do you think is happening in the world today , glen ? '' 
 robert asked . 
 `` where the hell have you been all this time ? 
 well , wherever it is , you need to snap out of it . 
 ignorance is a dangerous thing under the existing regime and you 're the most ignorant person i know . '' 
 `` thanks for the heads up . '' 
 robert turned to russell : `` do n't you tell him anything ? 
 he 's supposed to be your buddy . '' 
 `` he hears what he hears and he can believe whatever he wants to believe . 
 i normally do n't airbrush anything , but i do n't push it too hard either . 
 our glen here is fragile , so it 's best not to unduly alarm him . '' 
 a direct slight ! 
 a slap in the face -- -- betrayal ! 
 robert grinned at the remark . 
 he lapped it up like it was milk . 
 at least derek , seeing no need to bad-mouth somebody he did n't know , tactfully looked down at the tabletop : crust crumbs , pizza boxes , the food all but devoured . 
 adding a third voice to russell and robert 's would be too much of a slaughter . 
 real men did n't play that way . 
 the four of them huddled around the table . 
 russell and derek next to the window , at the ends ; glen and robert along the inside , elbows nearly touching . 
 for a fleeting moment glen imagined living in a society where personal insult was a matter so weighty that a man was apt to draw blood over it . 
 there had been sword and pistol duels in the past , ritualized murder to uphold one 's honor . 
 killing even a friend , if it came down to it . 
 `` you of all people insulting me ? '' 
 glen said . 
 `` when i think of how generous i 've always been to this crusade of yours ! 
 you eat my food ! 
 you drink my beer ! 
 you use my house ! '' 
 russell , calmer now , nodded : `` you do get credit for that . 
 though i sometimes think of the time we spend together as babysitting duty . 
 i mean do n't i get anything in return for always being around to coddle you ? 
 there should be some perks . '' 
 `` glen , '' robert said , `` ask yourself how you make your living . 
 you make it off other people working their asses off to come up with your rent . 
 you basically sit up here waiting for the one day a month you have to get up off your ass , go down , and collect your money . '' 
 russell burst out : `` exactly ! 
 exactly ! '' 
 robert continued : `` your ignorance would n't save you in a real revolution , you know . 
 do you know what happened to your kind , the money-grubbing landlord , in the chinese cultural revolution ? 
 people put funny pointy hats on your head , then hung you from a tree in the courtyard ! '' 
 glen replied : `` this cause of yours is n't actually as worthy as you like to make out . 
 it seems to be based on a lot of envy to me . 
 you have no ideology to speak of , no meaningful platform , just a feeling you 've been wronged . 
 let 's be honest , you and russell hate the rich because you 're not rich yourselves . '' 
 `` do us all a favor you stupid shit and go blow your depressed head off . 
 spare us having to listen to your bullshit ! '' 
 `` hey easy , '' said derek . 
 `` do n't be an idiot . '' 
 glen was stunned : robert had always been friendly to him . 
 but obviously it 'd all been an act . 
 did the others also detest him with the same concealed anger ? 
 russell , yes , he did . 
 glen had had enough . 
 he could get pissed off too : `` you guys are loafish and parasitic , but mainly you have no plan to speak of and the evil forces you see in the world will peck you off no problem . 
 none of you really wants justice or you would 've got some by now . 
 really , you just like pretending you 're revolutionaries , world-changers , when in fact you 're just two pathetic whiners . '' 
 `` think that , '' said russell , `` if it makes you feel better . '' 
 `` you live this mollycoddled existence like some kind of noble heir , '' robert said . 
 `` you do n't even have to go out and work like the rest of the world . 
 who in their right mind would listen to your deluded take on reality ? '' 
 the evening was n't going to work out this time . 
 it was best to probably eat then disband . 
 in the uncomfortable pause that followed , russell and glen leaned back in their chairs and glanced at one another : where to go from here ? 
 **** derek gave robert a lift home but russell chose to stay . 
 he was red-faced from the booze and looked angrily about the room , eyes glinting with naked feeling . 
 he produced a cigarette for a quick smoke , a trick he claimed helped clear his head , and looked positively murderous out on the front porch . 
 but who was it he wanted to kill ? 
 reconciliation was a stretch for the moment and the two friends predictably untabbed a couple of beers and settled down to watch a film on tv . 
 this meant spending the rest of the evening estranged . 
 afterward , they tried chatting about the movie . 
 russell quickly grew agitated though , standing up and going back outside to fume : what the hell was this childish snit about ? 
 glen knew friction between two friends was normal , however this evening it differed in gravity compared to the usual rift . 
 realizing this , glen could n't help growing more tense . 
 he wanted to yell at the top of his lungs ; he wanted to leap up and belt russell in the face . 
 he helped himself to another beer . 
 its effect was soothing and turned his thoughts inward : the anxiety he suffered , the fear rocking his ramshackle psychology was , of course , hard on those around him . 
 his endless spill of private angst would be a burden to anyone . 
 truth was , people were generally ill-at-ease coming into close contact with other people 's emotions , especially such powerful negative ones . 
 poor russell , then , stuck in the role of the supportive friend year after year . 
 for somebody not noted for his patience , all in all he did n't do too badly . 
 and there were other dynamics . 
 russell himself was by no means well , only he kept what was ailing him buried -- -- sometimes , no doubt , buried kicking and screaming . 
 glen saw the two of them as similarly engaged in on-going inner turmoil which , ironically , made them as much natural enemies as indispensable confidants traversing the same terrain . 
 he 'd thought up an axiom for this paradox based on his history with russell : weak men detested weakness in men , for it was aggravating to have one 's despised vulnerability duplicated in the outside world . 
 the urge was to deface the mocking double and this engendered feelings of aggression . 
 `` ca n't get enough of those flying cabbage heads , '' russell said , re-entering the house . 
 he pondered the painting on the wall above glen 's head : `` they must be angels . '' 
 `` not likely , '' glen replied , `` since those are probably the angels flying in the sky above them , there near the top of the painting . '' 
 `` your dad 's bible paintings , '' russell commented , `` there must have been pretty good money in it . 
 but did n't he ever get bored doing the same old thing over and over ? 
 more angels , more clouds parting , more madonnas . '' 
 `` there was some money , although not nearly enough for martha . 
 nobody ever got fabulously rich doing reproduction paintings . '' 
 `` this painting then is about what , the fall of eden ? '' 
 `` a little before that , actually . 
 here god 's interrogating adam about who talked him into eating the apple , and adam replies that it was eve , the woman god made to be his helper . 
 so god was doubly betrayed that day . '' 
 `` a bad day . 
 he 's fucking furious here . '' 
 glen watched russell crane forward to see better : adam and eve beneath the tree , shaded by the ovate leafage . 
 or was it the figure of eve his friend was perusing , the sexy fat broad in the bottom corner ? 
 glen held his tongue , a funny remark might not be well received tonight . 
 `` what else do you know about it ? '' 
 russell inquired . 
 what was going through his head ? 
 `` the scene in the painting ? 
 it 's all part of christian propaganda to keep people in line . 
 imposing a fictitious truth on the masses to make them more malleable to church power . '' 
 `` i gathered that . 
 same old thing . '' 
 glen had an inspiration : `` christian devotees are like the foot soldiers in god 's army , the priests the sergeant-majors , and the cardinals and bishops something akin to the colonels and generals : the officers higher-up . '' 
 russell grinned widely : `` i 'm proud of you , my boy . 
 all my efforts to enlighten you have n't gone to waste after all . 
 you 're beginning to sound just like me , if i do say so myself . '' 
 `` high praise indeed , '' glen answered , wanting to go along with the joke , hoping to encourage the good humor . 
 `` by the way , russ , what 's this about a girlfriend ? '' 
 `` so far we 're just friends . 
 but we 're headed in the right direction . '' 
 `` you lied about getting laid ? '' 
 `` ca n't friends occasionally bullshit one another ? '' 
 `` fair enough . '' 
 chapter five : autumn a blurry red and blotchy flesh tone tainted the smoky textured glass . 
 nearing the front door , glen made out a scarlet dress , full-sized bust , and nostrils flaring . 
 whoever she was , knocking so vigorously , seeing the door open she lowered her naked arm to her side -- -- and it was such a lovely arm with buttery smooth skin , armpits shaved and , it looked like , powdered . 
 it was an arm out of an italian master 's painting . 
 she huffed , `` how many times does one have to knock ? 
 am i interrupting something important ? '' 
 there had been the arduous climb out of a jealous bed ; a soft mattress and sheets that would n't release him from their embrace . 
 glen had then drifted half-awake down the stairs and he 'd needed a moment to summon the courage to open the door : who the hell was pounding on it like that ? 
 now , to avoid any embarrassment , glen lied : `` did n't hear you . 
 i was listening to music , had the earphones on . '' 
 the unknown woman glared at him , almost defiantly : `` you just got out of bed . 
 it 's ten-thirty . '' 
 her lips were painted a fiery red . 
 her hair was an eye-catching , almost dazzling sugarcane blonde , which streamed fine and even down past her shoulders . 
 the dress she wore resembled something off the glossy cover of a fashion magazine -- -- glen did n't really know but thought he could tell -- -- and the cut fit perfectly both her ample and amply curved dimensions . 
 the aquablue eye shadow and gemstone eyes . 
 tasteful ballet flats matching the outfit . 
 here was a woman who knew how to dress : she was utterly striking . 
 only , on a discordant note , it was n't summer dress weather any longer . 
 it was late october and nobody wore thin cotton during this season . 
 she maintained a sturdy stance on the porch . 
 as immovable as a tree stump , glen observed , his eyes now falling on her thick rounded calves . 
 `` are you glen hoggarth ? 
 i 'm doris keppler . 
 i 'm here to talk about your friend russell . '' 
 `` russell ? '' 
 she barged in without a second 's notice ; they were face to face in the living room , squaring off , his back towards the open door as if he were the brazen intruder . 
 `` let 's get straight to the point , '' she said . 
 `` i regret disturbing another person 's privacy , but russell has been missing for five whole days now . 
 that 's quite enough now , do n't you think ? '' 
 `` missing ? '' 
 glen made a muddled count of how many days had passed since he last saw his friend . 
 but not sure he was able to on the spur of the moment , he left the task for later . 
 `` missing from where , exactly ? '' 
 `` where ? 
 you 're asking me ? '' 
 -- -- her poise teetered , her body tilted : not meaning to , glen saw he 'd scored a direct hit . 
 doris quickly recovered from the brunt of the blow , but the strain and weariness etched her features : `` you might help me out just a little . 
 you might try , can you ? '' 
 `` you say russell is missing ? '' 
 `` he is n't here then ? 
 that 's your story ? '' 
 `` why would you think he 's here ? '' 
 `` i can think of a pretty good reason but please do n't simply deflect my questions . '' 
 `` i 'm afraid you and i have never met before , and i do n't even know how you 're connected to russell . 
 am i missing something here ? '' 
 doris shook her head with matronly severity . 
 there was something so odd about her . 
 `` if you 're somebody he knows , '' glen continued , `` that still does n't -- -- could you fill me in a little ? 
 i 'm a little lost to be completely honest . '' 
 doris nodded , having confirmed her worst suspicions , and sharpened her enunciation to say : `` he 's here , i 'd say ! 
 you 've got him tucked away somewhere . 
 upstairs maybe ? '' 
 `` is there some reason he should be hiding from you ? 
 i 'd like to hear it . '' 
 an appalled rage , poisoned betrayal , then tenderness ; doris grew moist-eyed , her body again recoiling from a blow accidentally delivered . 
 `` i did n't mean to imply anything , '' glen said . 
 `` i really have no idea what the situation . '' 
 `` there is n't any reason russell should be hiding , since i ca n't change a thing . 
 but he should treat me with a little human dignity and deal with me respectfully before moving on . 
 a person ca n't just trample on another person -- -- on any other person -- -- this way . '' 
 `` i see . '' 
 `` he 's here ! '' 
 doris seethed ; she spun around and looked quite capable of marching the rest of the way into the house . 
 `` i know i 'm in the right . 
 i 've done nothing wrong . '' 
 glen hurried around to block her advance : `` russell is n't here , like i said . 
 but if you leave your phone number , he can call you . '' 
 `` when ? '' 
 `` whenever it suits him , i guess . '' 
 `` he has my number . '' 
 regardless , she unclasped her bag with a vicious twist . 
 pressing a slip of paper on the wall , she jotted the information down . 
 glen followed the contour of her marble-sculpted arm down to the rise of her breasts , breasts the size of two plump , milk-swigging newborns . 
 most definitely they were marvelous , even overwhelming . 
 `` you can give him this . '' 
 glen was now wide awake . 
 he no sooner closed the door behind doris keppler -- -- it sounded like horse hooves clumping down the steps -- -- then he began dialing up his friend . 
 on his lips were the words : who the hell is this doris woman ? 
 why would she suddenly show up here at my place ? 
 you actually gave her my address : what for ? 
 russell 's cell phone was switched off . 
 the land line . 
 nobody answered . 
 glen called russell 's parents who had n't heard from him in more than a week , not that that was anything unusual . 
 `` tell him to give his mother a quick call sometime , '' mr. clooney said . 
 `` she 's starting to get a little curious . '' 
 **** the next day glen was in heated debate with himself . 
 damn it , should he call her or not ? 
 what did he have to lose ? 
 nothing , nada , not a thing . 
 to boost his confidence , glen assured himself that if doris 's voice was n't friendly when she first picked up the phone , he could put down the receiver and drop the whole idea : she 'd never guess it was him that called . 
 so all was set , there was nothing stopping him ; nevertheless , the sense that he was re-enacting his shy teenage years continued to hamper him . 
 at his age he should n't be behaving like some scaredy-cat kid -- -- by now he should be able to phone someone of the opposite sex without dying twice over for it ! 
 shame became anger , which set off an impulsive grab for the phone . 
 `` hello , can we meet ? '' 
 he blurted out . 
 `` beg your pardon ? 
 who is this ? '' 
 `` it 's glen hoggarth . 
 you came to visit me yesterday at my place . '' 
 `` oh , hello glen . 
 meet you say ? 
 do you have any news ? '' 
 she spoke with the same aloof tone . 
 now ringing with cheer , however . 
 queer bird , this doris keppler . 
 `` no , unfortunately russell has n't turned up and he 's not answering his phone . 
 but would you be open to getting together for a coffee anyway ? '' 
 `` i guess we might meet -- -- once . 
 what have you heard ? '' 
 `` like i said , i have n't heard a thing . 
 russell 's parents have n't seen him lately , but they 're not overly concerned about it . 
 he often goes off the radar for a while and why would n't he ? 
 the guy 's a grown up , after all . '' 
 `` i appreciate you calling to let me know how things are . 
 i must admit , i 'm seeing russell 's dead body washed up on the shore somewhere and i have these awful dreams . 
 tell me , do you think he 's the suicidal type at all ? '' 
 `` not the russell i know . '' 
 `` you 'd like to meet , you say ? '' 
 `` when you have some free time . 
 even today . '' 
 `` could you be a gentleman , glen , and come out to surrey to meet me ? 
 it 's whalley , actually , where i live . 
 surrey , as you probably know , covers a pretty large area . '' 
 `` i can get there no problem . '' 
 `` i 'm in one of my states and ca n't go far from home . 
 it really is n't a normal way to be . '' 
 `` i 'm happy to make the trip . '' 
 `` i ca n't be stuck on the other side of the river with no place to go . 
 if something should happen -- -- some terrible event -- -- i need to be near the house . '' 
 that would be the fraser river , with three or four bridges and a tunnel crossing it . 
 glen considered : what could possibly happen to prevent her from getting home ? 
 the big one , a massive earthquake , was about the only thing , barring russell 's invasion of the united states . 
 `` that 's understandable . 
 really . '' 
 `` it 's all in my head , but i want to be on this side of the river . '' 
 `` it makes no difference to me where we meet . '' 
 `` do you know where the university is in whalley ? 
 it 's right across the parking lot from a monorail stop . 
 there 's a coffee shop outside the entrance of the building , right where there 's the new tower -- -- shaped like a sail or a dorsal fin , or something or other . '' 
 `` i 've seen it driving by . '' 
 `` in case you 're somehow mistaken and have problems getting here on time , please call me . 
 because i would n't want to be left exposed in a public place . 
 not for any length of time . '' 
 `` i 'll definitely call if something comes up . '' 
 `` shall we say in about an hour ? '' 
 glen checked the weather . 
 he left his umbrella at home but put on a warmish jacket . 
 it was n't like him not to bring a book for the trip ; but today , certain he lacked the focus for serious reading , he dropped a few coins into a newspaper box on the skytrain platform and bought a copy of the sun . 
 today the front page displayed a picture of a building downtown presently occupied by legions of street people . 
 once a famous vancouver department store , it 'd become a leviathan makeshift dormitory for drug addicts , the mentally ill , people without family , and prostitutes . 
 spokespersons for these squatters were negotiating with officials who threatened to take extreme measures soon . 
 the situation had dragged on far too long , was the message from city hall , and development could n't be delayed any longer -- -- in other words money and profit before people 's well-being . 
 glen guessed the mayor 's tough words were mostly rhetorical . 
 probably he believed the city 's citizens would applaud a hard line . 
 the son of a bitch . 
 elsewhere in the paper , provincial politics were as zany as ever . 
 the economy had grown teeth and was on the upswing , chewing on the gristle of dwindling social programs . 
 then there was an article about a recent medical discovery : according to german researchers , mental and physical forms of stress released hormones that corroded the blood vessels in the heart , usually leading to premature death . 
 people nowadays suffered too much stress , it was reported , which was turning out to be a killer . 
 glen took this news to heart : after all the strain and misery dolloped on him since birth by his mother , by his university studies and short teaching career , by his flawed nervous system and brain 's baleful chemistry , it now seemed -- -- just like that , to top things off -- -- that he was destined to be a dead man at fifty , if not before . 
 all the effort he 'd made to battle his dysfunction , always telling himself that his later years would be happier , and now the chance of a rosier future had been snatched away . 
 fear sunk its talons into him . 
 depression 's pea soup clogged his mind . 
 fucking life . 
 it was a fucking life . 
 time flew when your mind was occupied . 
 glen was already high above the fraser river , which surged seaward beneath the skytrain bridge . 
 release from the apprehension he was feeling was invitingly easy , since there was nothing forcing him to keep his date with doris : just stay on the skytrain as it looped back towards the city center . 
 she 'd no doubt think he was a complete jerk and total loser for jamming out , but humiliation like that was the cake he 'd gorged on his entire life . 
 you acquired a sweet tooth for it after a while . 
 the plan was to get to the coffee shop well beforehand and get comfy with the location . 
 this was strategy plucked straight out of a self-help guide for the socially ill-at-ease . 
 by arriving early at a destination to suss the place out , awkward types such as himself felt more in control of the situation and were able to cope better . 
 this made sense when couched in persuasive psycho-babble , but did it work in real life ? 
 only rarely in his experience . 
 clusters of whalley 's down-and-out loitered around the foot of the escalator , underneath the skytrain platform . 
 they greeted glen with probing glances and tough-guy postures . 
 many of the hooded youths were obviously drug dealers , trafficking their goods to customers from all over the city and its suburbs . 
 business was being conducted with gloves and woolen hats today , as well as out in the open daylight . 
 this had to mean a low police presence . 
 the destitution was oddly alluring . 
 the grubbing for a livelihood a sort of grotty spectacle . 
 across the street , the row of used dvd stores , discount one-dollar stores , and pawn shops was open for business , and in every doorway a clot of shabby white trash hung about . 
 glen felt the eyes frisking him . 
 like he was money . 
 **** olive skin and lush black curls , a green fleece and hiking boots : the young man sat on the staircase fanning down from the mall 's entrance . 
 he was looking out across the plaza 's concrete-block fountain and benches , and wore a smile that glen could only read as self-satisfied ; yes , a little cocky even . 
 exhibiting an almost leonine bearing , this youth was tallying up the countless invitations for pursuit under his gaze . 
 coupling to be done for one thing , social networks to explore and reap profit from , as well as other forms of gratification . 
 on occasion glen , too , was drawn to people watching , although he usually wound up looking about apprehensively and wondering : how the hell am i going to survive this place ? 
 glen knew he had to pick himself up -- -- this gumming away on overstewed angst meant certain death . 
 he had to cultivate a meaty appetite for life and women : some zesty , bosomy woman to put the bounce back in him . 
 soon he 'd be seated across from someone who could meet any man 's desires , and he was fairly sure she was unattached -- -- doris had been to his house . 
 she 'd spoken to him and left her phone number . 
 that alone made her vastly unlike any other woman in the world . 
 doris keppler was no anonymous fish in the sea . 
 she 'd come aground on his sandy shores after russell had tossed her back . 
 toss her back why ? 
 what was wrong with her ? 
 true , there was a quirkiness in the way she behaved , but that was harmless . 
 it did n't make her a bad catch . 
 glen , in fact , found her eccentric quality at the same time pathetic and positively fetching . 
 he began reviewing his impression of doris so far : no , it was n't normal that she refused to stray away from her home . 
 his doris was afraid to be stranded on the other side of the fraser river , with no place to go when trouble started . 
 a phobia then , a fear of unforeseen catastrophic events , of vancouver 's long-predicted massive earthquake -- -- oh , fuck , here we go ! 
 glen ! 
 you 're on ! 
 doris keppler was strolling across the plaza in knee-high leather boots that volleyed the sun back into the sky . 
 here again was the miss chatelaine from his front porch . 
 now she was very uptown , very spruced up , clad in a long deep-brown leather jacket ; but , in the autumn air 's bone-dry cold , once again daring a breezy cotton dress . 
 it was like she 'd chosen her outfit from the pages of the summer catalogue , the wrong fucking season ! 
 what was all that about ? 
 and doris had left her jacket open . 
 here was a woman who liked to show off her endowments ! 
 the hammocky swing of her weighted bra was doubtlessly meant for a gobsmacking effect . 
 glen pictured himself staying the sling of those pendulous breasts : deliriously wedging his snout in the cushiony cleavage . 
 too much happening all at once ! 
 doris saw him inside the coffee shop and walked briskly over -- -- he the sitting duck spotted in the reeds by the hunting dog ! 
 she wanted something from him , she was dressed to seduce . 
 glen lifted a hand to wave , a badly timed afterthought , just as doris swung open the glass door . 
 `` hello glen , you 're looking well , '' she said . 
 her smile was direct , steady , like the pump of a confident handshake . 
 her sugarcane hair shone almost neon in the light . 
 but her lips were thinner than he remembered them , her bladed nose and long cheeks compromised by a second study . 
 she was n't unattractive but not out-and-out gorgeous either -- -- more than just a little on the rotund side . 
 it occurred to glen that a woman of doris 's girth would come out quite poorly in an ordinary cut designed for a slimmer figure . 
 on her , anything cheap and off-the-rack would probably bring to mind a thickset female power lifter . 
 no doubt she was aware of that though . 
 `` i 'm off to get something , '' she said . 
 `` would you like anything ? '' 
 `` no thanks . '' 
 glen inhaled deeply and considered how the interplay had gone so far . 
 he feared the impression he 'd given her was drab and hesitant : somebody dynamic , somebody not a total wuss , would have gone for the drink she offered . 
 fuck , and he should have got up off his ass and offered to get her something ! 
 he 'd forgotten the cardinal rule of how to treat a first date , especially a classy woman like doris . 
 after the span of only a few seconds , he was already working from a deficit . 
 from here on , he had to pick up his game . 
 when doris returned , coffee in hand , he panicked : why had n't he been planning what to say next ! 
 thankfully -- -- thank you , god ! 
 -- -- she opened the conversation : `` you 're a real gentleman for coming all the way to whalley . 
 you did n't get mugged walking through that ugly mob near the monotrain station ? '' 
 a skytrain station : that 's what people , everybody , called it . 
 `` i must say they 've really cleaned up the area though , '' glen answered . 
 `` the university tower was n't up when i was here last . 
 it 's impressive . '' 
 `` i would n't let yourself get too impressed . 
 it 's just this coffee shop and the plaza that 's new on the street level . 
 inside the mall it 's still as depressing as ever . 
 the shops all sell cheap products for the welfare crowd and the low income . 
 they 're all still living here , i 'm afraid . '' 
 `` i 've heard the area is changing . '' 
 `` well , they 're still here . 
 people who live here like to think that the stereotype of whalley , as a haven for addicts , prostitutes , and racist skinheads -- -- people like that -- -- is n't accurate anymore . 
 but it 's still true , of course . '' 
 doris had a few stories to tell . 
 her neighbor trained his doberman to attack burglars only after they 'd snuck into his apartment . 
 they got in but did n't get out without the dog first chewing them to pieces . 
 also , the hookers had moved off the main drag , but the johns knew just where to find them : hanging around residential streets and school grounds to evade police sweeps . 
 closer to home , a woman up the street from doris 's place turned tricks inside her garage . 
 her husband was at work but knew about it . 
 he 'd just bought a new suv with the money . 
 derelict homes were never torn down here . 
 they housed the area 's heroin and morphine junkies , who thieved to support their habits . 
 `` all whalley is like that ? 
 ca n't be . '' 
 `` a woman was raped the other week in a soccer park . 
 nobody did a thing while it was happening . 
 a whole apartment block heard the cries , but nobody bothered calling the rcmp . '' 
 `` somehow i 'd heard things were better now . '' 
 doris excused herself to go to the bathroom , and glen took the opportunity to reassess the situation . 
 she was doing most of the talking , which was a great help . 
 it took the pressure off and helped distract him from himself . 
 amazing how a simple coffee with an interesting woman could be such a struggle ! 
 why get so tense when what did it really matter in the end ? 
 things between them were lukewarm at best , the dialogue a bunch of small talk neither of them gave a shit about . 
 nothing meaningful was going to come from this -- -- and was he actually hitting on his best friend 's girlfriend ? 
 how did he know russell had broken up with her ? 
 but who was hitting on anyone ! 
 him actually hit on someone ? 
 he was merely self-therapying himself , chatting with a woman in a date-like scenario because it was good practice for the real thing , which was bound to come along one of these fine days , or then again probably not . 
 glen decided to take in the gorgeous view -- -- doris 's hair , smooth skin , breasts -- -- and enjoy her sexy voice for as long as the date lasted . 
 he 'd noted a hint of contralto in doris 's voice which made it sound deep and over-earnest , like a boy asserting some fact of life to a grown up . 
 doris was back : `` in any case , russell will eventually contact you , since one does n't usually cast aside one 's lifelong friends . 
 not for long , anyway . '' 
 `` you 're still interested in him ? '' 
 `` no , i wo n't speak to him ever again . 
 it 's something else . 
 for me it 's like when i was a young girl and a space mission went up into space -- -- do you remember those , a big event every year or so ? 
 the mission itself meant nothing , i did n't care if they were up there to accomplish something groundbreaking for the world of science . 
 but i always sat glued to the television set to make sure they got back to earth ; i needed to know they 'd landed safely and okay . 
 once that happened , i dropped it and went back to my doll house . '' 
 doris seemed engaged in their conversation . 
 astronauts floating through outer space , childhood recollections : this was compelling , they were n't just talking for the sake of talking . 
 `` did russell ever mention running off ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` not a word . '' 
 `` strange , do n't you think ? 
 hard to understand . '' 
 `` in this world anything can happen , '' glen remarked . 
 `` any kind of human perversity , in fact just as the bible illustrates . 
 i 'm not really religious -- -- it was never really a part of my upbringing -- -- but after studying the bible a bit on my own , i happen to believe it 's a very wise book . 
 i 've come to view it as a blueprint for humanity , in that it conveys every possible vagary of human behavior , good and bad . 
 just think about it a second , in the bible we have fathers sleeping with daughters , brothers stealing from brothers and murdering them . 
 then there are over-the-hill old ladies who become mysteriously pregnant . '' 
 in response , doris 's brow furrowed and fissures underscoring her eyes and bracketing her mouth rose like razor incisions on glass . 
 she looked vulnerable and sad suddenly . 
 glen remembered she 'd had the same reaction a day ago , during her visit to his house . 
 what did he keep saying wrong ? 
 sensing the responsibility to converse had shifted onto him , glen experienced a pang of fear , then hastened to add : `` betrayal is also a prominent theme . 
 not only judas 's betrayal of christ in the gospels either . 
 i 'm talking about the betrayal of the god 's very first children , if you remember , and joseph 's brothers betraying him . 
 etcetra , etcetra . '' 
 the bible ? 
 now he was some kind of authority ? 
 betrayal ? 
 where the hell was he going with this ? 
 glen told himself to back up , move on to a different topic , but doris remarked , `` i find that rather interesting . 
 you feel russell betrayed you because he disappeared without saying anything ? 
 is that what you 're trying to tell me ? '' 
 this was an unexpected turn , a leap all the way back to russell . 
 but why was doris so sure russell had disappeared ? 
 she dwelt on the point continually . 
 if she was actually right , maybe it was time to start getting worried . 
 `` if he 's really decided to vanish , '' glen said , `` does n't he owe me some kind of explanation ? 
 it 's one thing to want to go away for a while , or have some alone time , but not to tell anyone and cause people to worry just is n't right . '' 
 doris jabbed a hand into her purse . 
 she pulled out a pack of cigarettes . 
 `` must go set myself on fire , '' she said . 
 `` the conversation is beginning to nibble at my nerves a little bit . 
 poor you , anyway . '' 
 `` poor me ? '' 
 glen began to laugh . 
 she dropped her plastic lighter and it clattered to the floor . 
 a rush of blood infused glen as she bent down to scoop it up : thoughts of planting his hands on her skull , guiding her towards him . 
 `` it 's a despicable habit . '' 
 `` i smoked once too , '' glen replied . 
 `` you must tell me one day how you managed to quit . '' 
 `` it 's cold out there . 
 not wearing a coat ? '' 
 should he go outside with her ? 
 just to sit with her ? 
 doris faced him and demanded : `` why did you bring that up ? '' 
 `` what up ? '' 
 `` the bible , father 's sleeping with -- -- betrayal , all of that . 
 mind telling me how it relates to russell ? 
 just now i was the one who connected it to russell betraying you . 
 i noticed you simply went along with it . '' 
 `` believe me , i was just trying to make conversation . 
 it 's stupid , '' glen said , `` but i 'm not a very good conversationalist and tend to go off in weird directions sometimes . 
 i hope you 're not upset about anything . '' 
 `` give me a minute to smoke this . '' 
 **** out in the open air , she perched on the rim of the cement fountain . 
 a nagging breeze rippled the fabric of her dress and whisked strands of long blonde hair -- -- while the whole time her lovely leather jacket lay draped over a stool in the coffee shop . 
 she wrapped herself in her arms and began rocking to and fro ; sucking hard on her cigarette , she glared at the smoldering tip as if daring it to extinguish in the wind . 
 doris was being assailed by vivid flashbacks of painful ordeals , glen guessed . 
 or she was busily plotting how to break free from her date with a dull , sermonizing bore . 
 either way , glen liked to think he could spot another desperate soul when he met one . 
 with doris , though , he did n't even have to try . 
 it was plainer than day . 
 `` here i am , '' doris said , returning to their window-side table . 
 she embraced herself , just as she had outside , rubbing the skintight cotton over her shoulders . 
 glen was tempted to scold her for being foolish : today she 'd left home underdressed , in a leather jacket she 'd stubbornly left unbuttoned ; yesterday , when paying him a visit , she 'd worn even less . 
 but the cold , the discomfort , the suffering , that was the whole point . 
 glen wished he knew the reason for this . 
 doris fiddled with the clasp of her purse and extracted another cigarette , which she stared at solemnly . 
 `` what you said earlier , '' she stated . 
 `` i like to read but do n't have your background , your kind of intelligence . 
 i doubt i 'd ever get what you do out of reading the bible . '' 
 `` the bible is a book anyone can understand on their own . 
 it 's written that way . '' 
 `` what you said earlier . 
 people 's perverted behavior . 
 that you think the bible is also about that kind of thing surprises me . 
 we hear all the time that it 's supposed to be a holy book and it 's used by the church , so obviously it 's supposed to be edifying . '' 
 doris held her cigarette in fingers stiff as carved wood . 
 for now the lighter remained buried in the purse on her lap . 
 `` there 's hatred of women in that book , '' she said . 
 `` it 's no wonder christian societies have such a strong hatred of women . 
 the bible teaches it . '' 
 `` i suppose you can make a case for misogyny in the bible , and many people do . 
 as long as you do n't think that 's all there is . '' 
 doris dismissed him : `` hateful stories about women . 
 one almost thinks people try to forget these stories exist , but the church leaders read them and they pass on their hatred to the masses . 
 it 's in their preaching . 
 that 's how the mechanism works . '' 
 so she did know the bible . 
 in her own terms , that is . 
 was she religious or had she been once upon a time ? 
 but her hostility also had a feminist inflection . 
 glen hoped she was n't one of those . 
 he had no idea how to handle a feminist , except maybe to take flight . 
 `` there are elements of hatred , sure , '' glen said cautiously . 
 `` but it 's not a hateful book altogether . 
 there is wisdom in it and insight . '' 
 doris almost sneered , `` it 's hate ! '' 
 -- -- she gulped , stood abruptly . 
 glen jumped up too . 
 `` off to set myself on fire again , '' doris said , forcing a smile . 
 `` it 's pretty chilly out there . 
 should i come out too ? '' 
 `` you quit '' -- -- she left a second time without a jacket . 
 doris puffed through three cigarettes , one right after the other , as the wind tossed her hair into wild disarray . 
 she flicked distractedly at the blonde lossoes , brushed them out of her eyes . 
 the scene begged for a hero to come to the rescue : this tragic , woebegone soul ! 
 the dark-haired young man glen noticed earlier was still on the steps , the october weather not fazing him one bit . 
 he resembled a happy hiker on a mountain top . 
 now -- -- standing , clearing his things away -- -- he was ready to set off , or maybe move in on the woman sitting alone at the fountain below . 
 he was most definitely casting furtive glances doris 's way . 
 glances that could be taken as lustful in nature . 
 was this the masculine attitude doris had referred to ? 
 did it actually convey something as extreme as hatred towards women ? 
 possibly an inexcusable disregard for women or a brutish sense of entitlement . 
 glen hopped up to open the door ; doris brushed past him and went straight to the washroom . 
 when she returned , her eyes were red and veiny . 
 `` doris , you do n't look too well . 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` do n't fret , it 's nothing you 've done . '' 
 `` i can see something is upsetting you . '' 
 `` there 's no mystery involved . 
 just something you do n't know . '' 
 `` there is a lot i do n't know about you . '' 
 `` one thing in particular that you do n't know . '' 
 `` maybe you should tell somebody ? '' 
 she snatched up her purse . 
 coffee was over . 
 glen wanted to protest : he could take her out to dinner . 
 they might continue talking . 
 `` can i at least walk you home ? 
 make sure you get home okay ? '' 
 `` you 've been a proper gentleman for coming all the way out here . '' 
 `` i 'm already this far . 
 let me go as far as your front door . '' 
 doris 's eyes imploring him , her sad mouth , that little boy 's earnest intonation : `` you 've come far enough already . '' 
 `` then can we meet again ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i should think that would be all right . 
 sometime in the future , maybe after a bit of time has passed . 
 we had a nice chat today . '' 
 `` i 'll call you . 
 i do n't mind coming out this way . '' 
 there was no backward glance . 
 no last minute wave like on a successful first date . 
 because he was man , a beast , after all : greedy and mean and lewd . 
 and just his luck , doris was a woman who knew all about it . 
 **** his babbling had pushed an intelligent , sensitive woman to chain smoking and crying in the washroom . 
 doris had chosen to sit alone , out in the blustering wind , rather than stay inside the coffee shop and listen to him drone on about the bible . 
 for shit 's sakes ! 
 on a first date you make them laugh , glen told himself . 
 wait until the very last date to make them cry . 
 the skytrain soared over grassy fields and deserted homes , hiding places for junkies and rapists after nightfall . 
 this was in near the river : there was a factory yard down below crammed with stacks of metal barrels ; a dirt-road trailer park and adjoining biker 's bar ; and a vast fenced-in lot that contained rows and rows of old city buses slowly rusting to scrap . 
 the skytrain then hugged the highway down a snaking slope to the final stop in whalley , which served a large commuter parking area at the bottom of the hill . 
 crossing the bridge everything plummeted . 
 the skytrain was vaulted high above the fraser river , in a split second creating a breathtaking vertical gap . 
 a number of cars and campers were parked along the riverbank ; groups were milling around fire pits and a dog raced after a frisbee too distant to make out with the naked eye . 
 from where glen sat behind the train car 's smudged plexiglass the churning river was only a slightly darker than the sand on the beach . 
 the doors slid open . 
 a bunch of students sprinted up to the car , shouting and panting . 
 on board there were teenagers clad in hockey jerseys , and an elderly lady carrying shopping bags stuffed with balls of wool . 
 at the far end of the car , a dwarfish street person was hassling a timid young couple : the vagrant grinned fiendishly , the pair shrank away . 
 what were they afraid of ? 
 probably the sudden sight of a knife , perhaps a gun . 
 violence , implicit and full-blown , was commonplace on the public transit system . 
 over the years , glen had witnessed knives pulled on passengers , fights , a brawl , hence all the emergency buttons to summon security and the beefed up patrols to foster a sense of safety . 
 vancouver was no longer the mild-mannered village it used to be when glen was growing up . 
 it had graduated into a sometimes menacing metropolis . 
 but while you might witness some alarming things on the skytrain , glen reflected , you did n't see anything real -- -- not terribly real anyway , not the most real , not real as in what went on away from the street , behind closed doors : in the home where the world 's millions and millions of fucked up people were created . 
 it was there that the smutty and threatening behavior later enacted in plain view was originally programmed , for the very worse horrors -- -- the private horrors , the acts of soul violation -- -- were never laid eyes on . 
 glen was thinking now of doris . 
 some past horror had caused her fear and distrust . 
 the skytrain careened around a tight bend and veered inland . 
 glen caught sight of a tug boat towing an enormous slab that was its barge ; mills on the far riverbank seeping smoke ; yard lights twinkling red and yellow . 
 the clouds had scattered and a blinking passenger jet descended from the sapphire sky to the landing strip on the tip of the delta . 
 it was farewell to the broad and turgid fraser river . 
 here came residential neighborhoods , the apartment towers . 
 glen sorted through his thoughts . 
 there was doris 's paranoid fear of leaving the safety of home : he appreciated the persuasiveness of self-constructed realities , whatever form they took . 
 even if it were to come out that she believed her daily actions , her general movement above ground , dictated the shift of the earth 's massive underground plates , he could accept that as the reality she experienced and not be judgmental . 
 quite possibly she 'd sensed this about him , too , and that 's why she 'd agreed to meet him . 
 from the outset doris had shown the courage to be honest about herself . 
 she mentioned her fear of crossing the river when it 'd been wiser to withhold that information : as far as she knew , he might respond by laughing in her face , because it was n't everyday that you heard a grown woman admit she was nuts ! 
 so then what of value had he given her in exchange ? 
 what kind of attitude had he displayed ? 
 he 'd maintained the upper hand throughout , not once admitting to any frailty ; he 'd played the role of mentor , the savvy reader , the expert . 
 indeed , it was quite the performance that he 'd put on for her . 
 naturally , to save face , appear strong . 
 him , doris -- -- in the world so many deranged and fucked up people , all striving to preserve some semblance of normality , but all the while letting fear and anxiety warp the path their lives took . 
 how sound in mind and action could you be when constantly dodging scary alter egos , playing mind games with yourself , and wearing masks to avoid detection ? 
 christ ! 
 it was a wonder the world operated at all with so many defective , non-recovering crazies in it . 
 huge populations of them ! 
 how could anything -- -- a society , a civilization , a community -- -- run like this ? 
 it was like a factory clamoring full of malfunctioning machines : robot arms snatching haphazardly here and there , bolt guns shooting every which way before jamming altogether , assembly lines spinning out of control . 
 and then there were those who caused the nutcases to become the way they were , glen thought , who were no doubt , first and foremost , fucked up themselves . 
 how did the world stay afloat on such shaky foundations ? 
 this was a serious question . 
 but , of course , that was precisely how things did run . 
 glen had left the wind , with its incessant face-slapping , back in the suburbs . 
 the air in the city was calm and a few degrees warmer . 
 relax , he told himself walking homeward , relax . 
 it was all behind him now . 
 doris keppler too , he could be sure of it , was behind him . 
 she had no real reason to want to see him again . 
 he 'd phone in a few days to give her the chance to brush him off , and there was nothing in the world he could do about that . 
 entering his house , the phone rang . 
 `` it 's me ... calling again ... so you 're not home ? '' 
 doris keppler , sounding suspicious . 
 glen listened to a message she left fifteen minutes ago : `` would you be a gentleman ... again ... there are things i need to know . 
 after behaving inexcusably and walking out on you earlier , i realize you 're probably the only person who can tell me certain things , but i still ca n't get out to you . 
 would you please be able to come back out here tonight ? '' 
 her second message : `` when you get this message , just come . 
 if you possibly can . 
 i do n't imagine i 'll be getting any sleep tonight . '' 
 doris gave her address in whalley . 
 glen called : `` i just got your messages . 
 sorry it took so long for me to get back to you . 
 it can take a while to get home on the skytrain . '' 
 `` i was wondering if you could come out here to continue the chat we started in the coffee shop . 
 i rather desperately need to know more . 
 i 've been reading some on my own , but ca n't -- -- i 'm not clever with books like you are . '' 
 `` sit tight . 
 i 'll drive this time . '' 
 **** glen disliked the bridge spanning the fraser river into surrey : its lanes were freakishly narrow . 
 the biggest fear was that another car would bump into yours , send you crashing through the railings , then flying off into the water far below . 
 then came trashy whalley -- -- on the other side of the river , up the hill -- -- whose longstanding notoriety as a slummy high crime zone recommended added alertness . 
 glen sat up at the wheel and paid extra attention , nevermind that the streets and sidewalks to the right and left were completely empty . 
 apparently heroin addicts and petty criminals needed their sleep like everyone else . 
 away from the main drag , with its shops and low-rent office buildings , whalley was the shit-hole doris keppler had described . 
 there were derelict houses boarded up and broken into ; front lawns cluttered with living room furniture and kids ' toys ; motorcycles parked in the middle of the grass and cars sitting up on blocks in a permanent state of repair . 
 glen learned doris lived in a house that was enclosed within a chain link fence and concealed from the sidewalk by douglas fir . 
 the wind teased the foliage and strummed the grass in the front yard . 
 `` you have the nicest house on the block , '' glen said at the door . 
 `` it 's the only yard not dug up by a bulldog or german shepherd . 
 but it looks much better in the dark than it does during the day . '' 
 doris wore baggy slacks and a loose dress-down blouse : a tent in muted colors , what people wore to hide how unsightly they felt they looked . 
 `` everything okay ? '' 
 glen asked . 
 the blinds were drawn in the bedroom . 
 thin slits of yard light made them visible to each other , and glen watched transfixed as doris 's figure slid onto the ash-toned square of the bed . 
 her wondrous hair was pearlescent sand poured from a child 's pail ; it spilled luxuriantly onto the pillows . 
 she was a big woman but the bed gave her space . 
 `` i 'd rather you kept your clothes on , '' she said . 
 `` stay dressed . '' 
 shit , what ? 
 the blood in glen 's veins vaporized . 
 he was up for absolutely anything in the world but this . 
 stay dressed -- -- how did that work ? 
 `` something the matter ? '' 
 she asked tenderly . 
 something was the matter . 
 and it was inconsiderate to ask so point blank and put him on the spot . 
 glen lay down stiffly and doris slid over . 
 `` i 'm a nervous person , '' he said . 
 `` nervous ? '' 
 `` i guess i 'm just having trouble . '' 
 `` rub it on me . '' 
 glen did n't move a muscle , once more dumbfounded by her instructions . 
 first she asked him to keep his clothes on and now this . 
 indecipherable love talk ? 
 indecipherable , all right . 
 her moaning irritated him , came across as faked . 
 her buttocks ground against him rhythmically , but he softened until finally she mashed him flaccid . 
 a hand drew him down , `` closer . '' 
 down further ? 
 this position threw him off completely . 
 do n't be shocked . 
 just do what you can . 
 `` here . 
 there . 
 there . '' 
 to his relief , doris took charge and her fingers were pure magic . 
 her manipulation produced a hungry erection : locate and jam home ! 
 yet he knew that while he was eager to gun it , she 'd be expecting more of a slow hand . 
 was she by now aware this was his first time ? 
 her breasts pressed against his eyelids , which ruined him again . 
 he wanted to curse , to scream ! 
 he remembered doris striding across the plaza earlier that day . 
 a doris so voluptuous , so magnificent , he 'd wanted her so badly ; but the reality of sex was far from straightforward and it was agony to think he might disappoint . 
 that despite all the woman that she was , doris keppler still was n't enough to get him to overcome himself . 
 what the fuck did it take ? 
 the grind of her pelvis . 
 like trying to poke through clay . 
 doris lay down beside him . 
 no more directions were forthcoming . 
 rolling onto her back , she stared up at the ceiling and sighed . 
 no , no , do n't start that ! 
 glen needed her never to waver . 
 do n't ever give up , he wanted to tell her . 
 it was crucial to give it another go . 
 `` should we try again later ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` what can you possibly be thinking ? '' 
 they were n't communicating properly . 
 words might help , if they did n't hinder . 
 doris was breathing heavily : sobbing ! 
 `` it 's been a long time , '' glen said , `` i 'm out of sync . '' 
 but there had been no last time ; anxiety was his mistress . 
 glen saw himself as a useless lump on the bed . 
 he had no idea what his next move should be . 
 what an awful awful let down this was turning into ! 
 a few minutes passed . 
 doris let him caress her cheeks , gently hand-comb her argent hair . 
 it saddened him to think how he 'd wrecked everything . 
 but might they not remove their clothes and go all the way ? 
 naked skin was the solution ; yet he hesitated to ask , afraid to spoil that too . 
 `` i 've been alone for a long time , '' he began to say . 
 `` i 'm such a terrible klutz in bed , but you 're amazing . 
 really amazing . '' 
 `` i 'm chunky , '' doris countered flatly . 
 the crying continued unabated . 
 glen loathed himself for reducing doris to this : what irony that she should be the one feeling inadequate . 
 when she was perfect , just his type ! 
 he undid the zipper on her slacks . 
 doris arched to fit his body , still willing . 
 glen 's puff of an orgasm came soon . 
 **** glen awoke and rolled on his back , the unfamiliar walls and ceiling startling him at first . 
 doris was suddenly up and across the room , as if his shifting body had caused a starting pistol to go off . 
 half dressed , barefoot and barelegged she whisked out the bedroom door . 
 their lovemaking had been a mess of mislaid limbs and fumbling around , he recollected . 
 all mainly his fault too . 
 his muddle-headedness during the act was embarrassing and he was glad to have a moment to himself -- -- and to think he 'd always predicted his first time with a woman would be a deliberate , step-by-step affair . 
 instead , the lovemaking had struck quite out of the blue , dictating all the terms . 
 he had n't seen the sex coming . 
 he 'd thought the evening would be spent talking and learning more about doris keppler . 
 afterwards he 'd be given the sofa to sleep on . 
 the moon shone meekly through the blinds . 
 what do women do after sex ? 
 it was nearly four o'clock . 
 glen reviewed their lovemaking . 
 cupping her breasts had been immense , the wet tear under her wiry tangle hard to think about . 
 there was that disastrous foreplay : stressful but anyway over and done with for the time being . 
 stop fretting over it and try to learn from it . 
 what was the most basic thing he 'd lacked in bed : an imagination , a grasp of female geography ? 
 the bedsheets smelled of semen . 
 he 'd unloaded a dose of himself into the fleshly casing of another person . 
 into the velvety sheath doris had walked away with . 
 quite likely she was dealing with matters right now in the washroom . 
 in a novel he 'd read it was called a douche . 
 `` hello , doris ? '' 
 the door was locked . 
 that was a surprise . 
 `` is something the matter ? '' 
 glen spread his hands flat on the door , testing the wood 's thickness . 
 the idea of negotiating sex 's aftermath daunted him , so more than anything he hoped doris -- -- who had to know more about these things than he did -- -- would take the lead . 
 but above all , he wanted to go home now . 
 it was just best for him that way . 
 there he could digest everything that had happened , seek guidance from the conclusions drawn , and return to doris more self-assured . 
 `` the door 's locked , doris . '' 
 there was motion on the other side of the door . 
 glen heard feet , the nearness of body weight , and instinctively took a step back . 
 doris bust in furiously . 
 swinging her weapon , she clobbered glen on the shoulder . 
 `` fuck ! 
 doris ! '' 
 she hit him as he tried to dodge . 
 she hit him as he crawled on hands and knees between the bed and the wall , striking his femur and hip bone and ribs . 
 glen shoved his entire head under the bed to protect the fragile skull from whatever else was coming . 
 this still left the length of his body and legs open to further attack : the metal thing , a cooking pot , landed repeatedly on his hip , although by now her strength was rapidly waning . 
 the pot landed on the kitchen floor outside . 
 she 'd chucked it , it was over . 
 glen rose from the bedside . 
 he had no idea how badly hurt he was , but badly : especially the bone in his shoulder from that tremendous first blow . 
 wincing , sipping air through clenched teeth , he gathered his clothes . 
 he dressed slowly with the one good arm : `` goddamned cunt ! 
 unfuckingbelievable ! '' 
 this doris bitch was a fucking predator ! 
 she 'd been raped and had lost her mind . 
 now every male was her rapist . 
 she hated all men and targeted the most vulnerable to abuse . 
 doris kept an eye out for obvious losers and seduced them with a lot of jumbled but intriguing signals , before beating them in a violent rage . 
 she lived for the brutal coda that for her consummated intimacy in bed : revenge and punishment . 
 `` if she comes at me again ! '' 
 he 'd bust her face open , show no mercy . 
 yanking his belt out of its loops , glen imagined punching doris . 
 wrapping it around his fist , he planned to slug her in the mouth : cut lip , bashed in teeth , a bloody sight . 
 if she came at him with another kitchen utensil , a carving knife , a meat fork , that 's what he 'd do . 
 silence , he was alone : make a break for it . 
 the front door was wide open . 
 glen walked up the street to where his car was parked , his shoulder aching from the snugness of his shirt . 
 the bone had to be broken , the shoulder socket shattered , as doris put every ounce of her strength into that first swing . 
 but slamming the car door shut , a fragment of what had occurred was jarred loose from glen 's memory . 
 he recalled the dull-metal cooking pot coming down on him in the bedroom 's dim lighting ; doris 's eyes glowing not with berserk rage , but with fear . 
 she 'd feared him . 
 behind the wheel , glen picked a direction and drove . 
 on a residential street three blocks away , he spotted doris keppler in pajamas , a rose-patterned bathrobe , and yellow sneakers : a mad woman storming down the gravel shoulder . 
 what would the local deviants and perverts make of a lone woman roaming about in a getup like that ? 
 glen tailed her in the car , headlights on low beam , hoping she 'd run out of steam and turn home soon . 
 hoping no cops showed up to hassle her , to humiliate her , though whalley should be a place full of police . 
 poor doris was a fucked-up defective like him . 
 he 'd see her home and deal with any deadbeat motherfucker who dared come up to her . 
 glen 's upper lip trembled , his throat tightened : us damaged , misfit fuck-ups got ta stick together . 
 **** the injured shoulder ached if glen raised the arm even slightly , so he rested it carefully on his lap . 
 but steering single-armed he was unable to drive very far . 
 breakfast would n't be served anywhere at this hour . 
 glen decided to wait it out until sunrise , turning into a mini-mall 's parking lot on the corner of the highway . 
 to his relief , there was nobody nearby picking cigarette butts up off the sidewalk or digging through garbage bins . 
 on the curbside , where the whalley streetwalkers were known to peddle their flesh beside the rush of traffic , there was n't a soul to be seen . 
 where was the show this area was notorious for , the theater of the destitute that made such a scene ? 
 it seemed the streets here were dormant prior to sunrise . 
 the night 's drama having spent itself , its participants lay curled up under bedcovers , or inside cardboard boxes as the case may be , until the morning got fully underway . 
 for the time being , his car -- -- so conspicuously washed and waxed , so worth stealing -- -- was n't attracting any unwanted attention . 
 why not grab a little shut-eye ? 
 glen checked the doors were locked and heaved himself sideways to the passenger 's seat , the stabbing pain in his shoulder feeling like the iron tip of a harpoon wedged into bone and ligament . 
 in the driver 's seat finding a pain-free sitting position was n't possible , but the drawback now was it 'd be impossible to speed off at a moment 's notice . 
 and if some deadbeat staggered up to the side of the car ? 
 glen pictured a vagrant peering into the car , an obscene gapped-toothed grin . 
 he imagined himself hissing : shoo , go away , shoo ! 
 that would be just like him . 
 his thoughts turned to doris keppler . 
 having followed her home , glen had watched doris open her front gate and march up the steps , fists balled up at her sides , resembling a no-shit alter ego from next door who had come to give herself a stern talking to . 
 the getup she wore -- -- nice touch those yellow sneakers -- -- betrayed a wretchedness which scorned the impression she so liked to create with her boutique dresses and sheeny leather boots . 
 have no fear , this is our little secret , glen assured her . 
 i 'll tuck this unflattering image away and never think of it again . 
 not to would hardly be fair to a poor soul trying to be more than someone 's comedy . 
 waiting to fall asleep in the car , glen realized he 'd been right . 
 he 'd just needed to take a step back and now here it was dawning on him . 
 it was incredible : an extraordinary beauty emerging from what had seemed utterly unsalvageable before , the crash-and-burn in doris 's bed . 
 the sorry mishap of their lovemaking had become revelation ; it was what spring and flowers in blossom had been singing out his entire life , and now he 'd found a voice of his own , a holler of joy , in the riotous chorus . 
 sex with doris keppler was flowers , it was rainbow colors . 
 lying voluptuously naked with her had booted wide open the doors of love . 
 however , not an atom of joy had he discerned in doris , not a moment of joy had she ever known ; yet she was trying desperately to find it , feel it , first with the rest of the world and now with him and him alone . 
 he was the chosen one , the man she 'd invited in after giving up on everything and everyone else . 
 and she was asking only for what was fair , what was her due after experiencing first-hand the worst that mankind had to offer . 
 because nobody behaved the way she did without having undergone some form of unspeakable horror in the past . 
 doris wanted a taste -- -- even just a tangy drop on the tip of her tongue -- -- of what made life worth living . 
 doris wanted the world to redeem itself just a shade . 
 she was adamant and it was his duty to make sure it happened for her , this one all-important thing that might turn her life around . 
 for she 'd chosen him , and she 'd awakened him , and he 'd never let her down . 
 doris , his one and only . 
 **** in the dream , glen kept thinking it was even scarier now that he was out of sight and the incident behind him , at the other end of a long umbilical road . 
 what had he seen that was so frightening ? 
 something he needed to understand . 
 the girl in town had stood out from the crowd of people on the sidewalk , as conspicuously parentless as a stray cat or dog ; meanwhile , her eyes keeping nothing in as well as holding nothing back , because children suffered for their secrets . 
 glen watched her through the mingle of passing pedestrians , always from a distance of two or three parked cars , or one or two storefronts along the busy street . 
 then an adult appeared , his hand outstretched , and reassurance displacing concern . 
 only there was the same black hat , black suit and shoes , and the clean-shaven , unbeaten face when the townsfolk there all looked like farmers in their overalls and wearing tractor caps -- -- that glen could single out the black hat like he 'd done the girl moments earlier involved him and the girl in a shared plot , a private drama staged right under the eyes of an unobservant audience , making what the man was and who the girl was trying to flee seem unreal . 
 afterwards , glen stood at the window . 
 as if responding to a faraway bugle cry , his eyes journeyed down that solitary dirt road . 
 he half-expected to see black hat again , only this time hand in hand with her , paying him a surprise visit in the old house in the countryside . 
 but there was n't any of that , just a long row of telephone poles reminding him of the lamp posts he 'd seen the missing girl posters on , all around the neighborhood , which he 'd shredded in spaghetti strips and sprinkled in the garbage can so martha would never get a hold of them . 
 **** doris 's front yard was n't too bad a sight . 
 the morning 's daylight did n't betray any ugly secrets . 
 glen envisioned doris keppler in her long bathrobe and runners handling the mower and dumping the bag of clippings onto the compost heap ; making neat circuits to and fro across the uneven lawn . 
 although he 'd yet to see the rest of the yard back behind the house , he bet there was a garden shed with a small mower inside , gassed up and ready to roll . 
 one thing he might start doing for doris was cut the grass every week , thus saving her the sweat and toil . 
 in his thoughts , glen envisioned a whole stream of chores he could take over for her and loving gestures to perform . 
 making your lover 's day to day less of a grind was part of the sweetness of love . 
 `` i 'm here for my timepiece . '' 
 glen hid the thumping pain in his shoulder and hip bone -- -- and hopefully she had n't been peeking through the blinds as he limped up the front steps . 
 the assault earlier that morning was not to become a distraction . 
 the attack was ancient history . 
 it was important to start afresh from a different place , because they were on a different footing now . 
 doris 's lips were bloodless . 
 her nose a narrow blade . 
 `` i left my watch by the bed , '' glen said . 
 `` could i please have it back ? '' 
 his size filled the doorway : he meant doris to see that her beating had n't reduced or weakened him . 
 the image of him naked and shrinking from her blows , jamming himself under the bed , had to be forgotten . 
 the message he wanted to convey was that he was plenty strong enough to be there for her from now on , which was the reason he 'd returned . 
 she retreated towards the bedroom and glen traced her steps into the hall . 
 he entered the kitchen to the right and took a seat at the table , his back to the sliding glass door . 
 the room was either remarkably barren , or all neat and spick and span , depending on how you looked at it . 
 on the laminate countertop , wiped to a fresh hockey-rink shine , a polished toaster sat next to a breadbox . 
 two diamond-shaped potholders hung from tiny brass hooks above the oven . 
 the sink and faucets appeared to have been installed only yesterday . 
 everything was pretty , orderly , a coverup . 
 doris spent five long minutes in the bedroom . 
 bedding was flung on the floor , the bed itself dragged from the wall . 
 the banging about grew louder as she became more worried , and glen was sorry to put her through a futile search . 
 claiming to have forgetten his watch was the only ploy he 'd been able to think of to get inside the house . 
 `` what am i going to tell him ? '' 
 she was probably muttering under her breath , as she frantically upended the room . 
 he wanted to shout , hey , you can just forget it , the watch is right here in my pocket ! 
 finally , glen saw her rush past the kitchen towards the front door . 
 she caught sight of him in mid-step , out of the corner of her eye : face ashen , a child-specter 's eyes . 
 glen said , `` it 's possible i 've been dreaming about you . '' 
 doris crumbled to the floor . 
 on her hands and knees , she began to bawl -- -- searching for a ring or paper clip , it looked like , a woman demented with grief , composure stripped away and long sheets of hair sweeping the tiles . 
 the human wreckage was too much for glen to take in so suddenly . 
 should n't he go comfort her ? 
 but he was too stunned to move . 
 a hailstorm of nonsensical images pelted him , releasing him from the misery in plain view . 
 glen saw doris , in her fluffy robe , as a theater curtain that had slipped its brass rungs and fallen with a clothy thrumpf to the stage ; he saw her keel over and lament a loved one who had perished in a faraway land ; she was a victorian maid servant scrubbing at the linoleum with the hem of her dress -- -- out of some dickens classic he 'd read in university ? 
 it was help she was asking for : help ! 
 glen dove forward and gathered doris in his arms . 
 together they collapsed to the floor once again , into and onto one another , their arms seeking and embracing like two drunken wrestlers : hers over his good shoulder and squeezing tight his ribs , his around her neck and fleshy waist . 
 soon the crying petered out , becoming instead soft , mucousy snorts , and doris began to babble . 
 glen sat listening to what the matter was from beginning to end : not a wink of sleep for nights on end . 
 fear of prison after spending so much irrecoverable time in captivity already . 
 the circumstances surrounding russell 's death : claiming it 'd been an accident , screaming she did n't know how it 'd happened . 
 doris had to be terribly insane . 
 she 'd visited him in vancouver , and yesterday met him in a coffee shop , all the while living with murder on her hands . 
 at times she actually believed that russell had jilted her and cruelly left her all alone . 
 at times that russell had jumped in the fraser river and been washed up dead on its banks . 
 he was just missing . 
 gone somewhere . 
 glen wanted to say the sweetest thing : i will always love you . 
 `` what have you done with his body ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 i know what to do , '' she sniffled . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` the smell and the rest of it . '' 
 oh , fuck ! 
 **** later that day , after nightfall , glen unlocked the door to the basement and entered for the first time since he 'd rented it out to justin wheeler one year ago . 
 he recalled the cream necktie justin wore the day he 'd come by , the two of them shaking hands , the feeling of optimism . 
 back then he 'd considered himself lucky to have found such an ideal tenant ; in retrospect it probably would have been better to rent to somebody else . 
 justin had led to bill decker , and bill decker to japan , and what a whole lot of pointless lunacy and suffering that had stirred up . 
 the light switch was inside the door and glen flipped it on . 
 crossing the living room , he saw the classical guitar where bill had left it , upright against the inside wall . 
 surely bill would n't actually abandon this lovely instrument and not return for it : so then what was the bastard up to ? 
 planning to sneak back one night and make off with it ? 
 biding his time , knowing he could rely on that sucker of a landlord to hang onto the thing no matter what ? 
 glen half-wanted to smash the guitar to pieces -- -- one good baseball swing against the back stairs would do it . 
 doing a quick walk-through , glen located justin 's belongings boxed up in the bedroom closet . 
 a few sundry items plus several dozen academic books that for the most part looked new and unused . 
 one was a history of the ancient han dynasty ; another about modern china , after the reign of chairman mao . 
 there was a source book on chinese thought , an anthology of poetry , and a study on recently unearthed chinese bamboo manuscripts . 
 all told , the collection had a value of hundreds of dollars , easy . 
 but this discovery came as no surprise in light of justin 's original plan to return at the start of the school year . 
 before bill appeared on the scene and ruined everything . 
 beneath the bed was a second cardboard box . 
 sure enough , bill 's miscellaneous stuff : a few textbooks , a mandarin-english dictionary , a set of keys , and a handful of pens bound together with elastic . 
 glen recognized a pair of ratty old sneakers he 'd sometimes seen on bill 's feet . 
 they 'd be back , those two , eventually . 
 only their gullible landlord would be long gone . 
 a last look around was glen 's way to say farewell to the place and everything that had happened to him over the course of the last twelve months . 
 it would n't take long to grab a few changes of clothing , the money , and go . 
 best get back to doris as soon as possible . 
 he feared an episode of paranoia : doris regretting she 'd put so much trust in a man who she barely knew . 
 although she 'd calmed down by the time he 'd left her , you could n't blame her if a few doubts arose . 
 he envisaged one scenario in particular : afraid that he 'd return with the police , doris plucks up the courage to take flight without him . 
 how would he ever track her down then ? 
 inside , he scooped coffee powder into the percolator and added water . 
 a quick cup of his favorite dark roast then straight back to whalley . 
 tonight he and doris were going to watch some boring television and attempt to normalize their situation -- -- make like nothing had happened . 
 yes , a couple of sit-coms , maybe an old movie , postponing all of their big decisions until tomorrow morning . 
 stepping to the counter , glen took a teaspoon from the tray in the cutlery drawer . 
 he also removed a long carving knife without clearly knowing why : to take with him because he sure as hell would n't let the police or anybody else lay a hand on doris ? 
 because doris had murdered his friend and , creepily , slept for days under the same roof as the corpse ? 
 so far he 'd been too timid to ask how she knew about taking care of dead bodies -- -- he 'd only just got to know doris , it was too soon to hit her with a question like that . 
 while waiting for the coffee , glen took the shoe box down from its spot high in the closet and set it on the kitchen table . 
 under the layer of nuts and bolts , nails and washers , was a wad of cash . 
 it was his secret and previously untouched stash of emergency funds . 
 there were three thousand dollars altogether , and he began counting it out on the table top . 
 then , `` i 'll have a cup of that , '' the voice said . 
 the slat of light cast forth from the kitchen fell short of the speaker 's feet , instead illuminating one side of the television and the living room curtains to the right . 
 glen stepped into the doorway , walling off some of the lightfall , and leaned against the doorjamb . 
 he made out just enough of the dark silhouette to suffer from it being there : his windpipe responded with tautness and his chest at once seemed clogged with cobwebs . 
 martha was no doubt sizing him up , assessing first impressions . 
 she 'd been spying on him the whole time . 
 `` come to think of it , never mind , '' martha said , `` i had enough on the plane and another cup would only upset my stomach . '' 
 `` i 'll gladly make you one . 
 it 's not a problem . '' 
 martha did n't bother replying : she loathed reiteration . 
 she expected people to believe whatever she said the first time she said it . 
 glen was insulted : `` how long have you been sitting there ? '' 
 `` i 've been resting after my flight . '' 
 another pause -- -- this line of conversation was doomed , as well . 
 let 's cut the ridiculous small talk and get down to business , martha seemed to be saying . 
 `` i 've been sitting here watching my son , '' she said . 
 `` watching my son in action -- -- a man of action , as they say . 
 you move quickly when you set your mind to it . 
 but then you were born in the year of the rabbit , am i right ? 
 so you 're a rabbit : hopping fast when you need to be . '' 
 derision was one of the eyeteeth in martha 's fangs : go fuck yourself , mom . 
 but for the moment , caught off guard , glen felt himself falter . 
 his anger ballooned into something nearly all-consuming , but he also experienced a sickening dismay confronted with his mother . 
 he 'd been torn from one imperative , the need to hurry back to doris and handle the situation there , to another : martha seated here in front of him and obviously going nowhere . 
 `` i hate to embarrass you with the question , but what are you up to glen ? 
 where did all that money come from , for one thing , and where is it going ? 
 are you about to go on a trip ? '' 
 glen glared back : `` i have nothing to be embarrassed about . '' 
 `` naturally , as a grown man , you do n't require my approval to do anything . 
 however , i 'm not sure the same applies when it comes to my money , '' martha said calmly , secure in the knowledge that she never lost these parleys with her son . 
 `` do n't i have a say when what 's at stake happens to be my money ? 
 i 'm the one who earned it , after all . '' 
 `` i 'm not sneaking around . 
 these are my savings . '' 
 `` fine -- -- glen , you knew i 'd eventually be coming to check on you . 
 things must either be going well or you 've been withholding something from me , and judging from the suspicious behavior i 'll bet on the latter . '' 
 `` i 'm doing things my way this time . 
 that 's all . '' 
 `` so tell me , exactly what things , '' martha asked , `` and what way are you proposing to do them ? 
 stop forcing me to ask all these damned questions ! '' 
 `` go right ahead and stop asking them then . 
 believe me , you have my permission , '' glen shot back -- -- god , had n't he used those very words back when he was a teenager ? 
 obscure except in partial outline , martha straightened up in the armchair : `` you 're hurt . 
 what happened ? '' 
 you could n't fool mothers . 
 she 'd noticed the pain whispering its presence in his movements . 
 but her concern only served to turn glen 's thoughts back to doris keppler : doris at this very minute standing at the window , wondering if she should expect her lover to stride through the gate or a squad of rcmp officers . 
 it was n't right to leave her in the lurch . 
 it would n't do to make her worry . 
 he 'd promised that kind of thing was all behind her now . 
 `` actually , i 've never been better , '' he replied . 
 `` let me at least pretend i 'm dealing with a grown up . 
 if you wanted to choose the time and place to see me , you should have put yourself on a plane and come out to visit . 
 that way you could have walked in on me while i was in the middle of doing something -- -- i dunno , what are mothers supposed to be doing just before they 're interrupted ? 
 baking a pie maybe ? '' 
 silence seemed the best response . 
 glen was at a loss for words anyway : surprised to have his mother here in the house meddling in his life and wasting his time , while over in whalley doris required his undivided care and attention . 
 any and all obstacles separating him from her had to be eliminated . 
 `` ca n't a mother even inquire about her son 's well-being ? 
 you never used to hide your aches and pains from me . '' 
 `` okay , i had a run-in with a woman and got the worst of it . '' 
 now martha pitched forward , laughing . 
 the tinsel of saliva . 
 hair in stiff , wiry coils . 
 `` that 'd be my boy , '' she said , `` or rather colin 's . 
 nobody 's ever gotten the better of me , not in all those years of dealing with rowdy tenants , staring down disasters one after another . 
 but your father was pushed down a flight of stairs once , and once someone hit him in the face with a wine bottle . 
 he seemed to have a weakness that asked for it . '' 
 getting the better of martha was like getting the better of a jagged edge of glass . 
 conversation with her usually went nowhere , it went where she took it . 
 and she was n't about to let him just walk out the door and leave her here . 
 `` i wish i knew what to do with you -- -- and i know that sounds like any mother carping about her child , but you truly exasperate me . 
 i can run a dozen buildings in three different cities , have a hand in managing the lives of hundreds of tenants , but there are things i ca n't do for you , are n't there . 
 with you it 's always been a case of too much boy in the man , no matter how hard i 've tried to drive that little boy out ! '' 
 in the poor light , glen could make out the neck of the lamp craning over the armchair and the pleat-like creases of the curtains ; but not his father 's oil painting hanging on the wall : the serendipity of events , his mother traveling thousands of miles to arrive when she did , to witness what she did , and now the painting suggesting a solution too nuanced , too hazy , for him to comprehend fully . 
 but as long as he held onto the thread of meaning he 'd been given , knotted it around his little finger -- -- some message about adam and eve , an inchoate notion concerning reversal . 
 one of his father 's paintings was finally speaking to him ! 
 glen sensed a stop inside him lift . 
 rage unfolded into a pair of room-wide wings that beat the air , swatted cups and vases off their surfaces , and knocked wall-bound objects askew ; each feather was a razor , double-edged , scratching and slashing what it touched . 
 rage . 
 it was freedom . 
 martha did n't notice -- -- or she did n't read the signs correctly : `` i 'm not going to be around forever , you know , to keep you in functioning order . 
 you must see that . '' 
 `` i 'm not a broken machine , '' glen replied . 
 `` and lately i 've started thinking you 're more of a burden to me than anything else . 
 i think i 've outgrown you after all these years . '' 
 `` you 've no further use for me ? 
 then hand over my money . '' 
 `` how does it feel ? 
 to be free of me . '' 
 `` it feels like i 'm talking to my little boy again . '' 
 martha 's thick hide , it was incredible ; she was as tough as they came . 
 `` look , i 've been thinking about the ranch , '' she said . 
 `` it 's not a bad time to sell and we could use the money as capital to get you started off . 
 you 'd just need to steel yourself for dealing with real estate people , but i 'd give you a hand with that . 
 i 'd counsel you in the very beginning . 
 it was probably a mistake to sell everything like i did , and i should 've pushed you a bit more , but you 're so delicate . '' 
 `` i 've got other plans , '' glen answered , `` that have nothing to do with you . '' 
 martha sneered , `` well , he talks like a big man -- -- or anyway likes to talk like one , '' and glen decided those were the last words he 'd listen to her say . 
 he crossed the floor and drove the carving knife into her ribs , thin and fragile like the wicker grates of a bird cage . 
 his mother expired in a soft , dry cough , and glen let her first tumble into his embrace , then onto the carpet where she lay small and lifeless : a dog curled up in a nap . 
 glen noticed the brown stain on the armchair which the defecation left . 
 dead people and their obscene habits . 
 the oil painting on the wall . 
 adam cowering under god 's timeless fury , both apologizing and trying to pass the buck . 
 eve the more resigned of the two . 
 it was down to the two of them now . 
 **** the smoke rose like a swirling dust-devil : it was a funeral pyre upside-down . 
 martha had been laid out on the mucky pool floor , her body doused with gasoline , then buried under shingled layers of colin 's oil paintings . 
 then that had been lit . 
 glen continued making quick trips inside the pool house to get more canvases and back outside to toss them on the flames , all the while his thoughts fixed on his lover asleep in bed . 
 she was regaining her strength at long last . 
 doris had been a little shaken when he got back to whalley , although not nearly as rattled as he 'd feared . 
 over the course of the day , she 'd become more composed which had to be considered a promising sign . 
 she did n't object to going to an unknown destination in the middle of the night ; she napped all the way to the ranch and upon arrival was fine with the idea of not knowing where she was . 
 gone , for now at least , was her fear of unforeseen disaster and being far from home . 
 an indication of nascent wellness ? 
 why not be hopeful ? 
 in the rec room , glen lifted two paintings off the stack and held them at eye level . 
 a couple of renaissance masterpieces , one by the great caravaggio , the other a lesser talent ; a classic still life and a cupid asleep on silken bedcovers . 
 both canvases were destined for the flames , however , because glen did n't want to ever be hamstrung by what was and those who had been . 
 courage , he was starting to realize , was related to maintaining lean mental fitness . 
 things often happened very fast but for sound reasons : do n't overthink them . 
 spur of the moment , self-composed aphorisms such as this were at the heart of his new strategy . 
 at the foundation of what to do next . 
 circulating glen 's thoughts were other matters too . 
 russell , his best friend , was dead . 
 not unpredictably , with the extraordinary events of the last two days , russell 's death was still remote and unexplored . 
 but the grief and heartbreak had to be in him somewhere ; he would patiently await its inevitable discharge . 
 the confession that morning -- -- doris 's , after she 'd finished crying and they 'd eaten breakfast -- -- had been more of a mad ramble than a clear disclosure of facts . 
 yet from the sounds of it , she 'd liked russell quite a lot . 
 she definitely had n't hated him . 
 the violence came as a shock even to her . 
 murderess -- -- the word creeped up on him . 
 in the firelight , the smoke 's sinewy trail writhed upwards into the pitch dark , like an eel slithering through a bog . 
 martha 's body had been as light as a bail of hay . 
 that woman , who represented such a formidable force in his life , had been cast aside with very little effort in the end . 
 was it simply because the time was right ? 
 what was the reason he 'd killed her then : to rid himself of the burden , to show doris what he was capable of ? 
 now he had blood on his hands too : did the act of matricide suggest a pact between them , a guarantee of fidelity ? 
 was it a truce of sorts ? 
 doris better not think he was a pushover . 
 she 'd better think twice . 
 glen turned towards the pool house as doris appeared in the doorway . 
 her breasts , the rise of her stomach ; her heavy hips tapering down to thighs and strong calves . 
 in the gloom , she was a gypsum fertility goddess : robust , rolls of flesh , yet a nimble barefoot tread . 
 `` could someone see us out here ? '' 
 she held glen around the waist . 
 they gazed at the fire . 
 `` there is a whole wood between this clearing and the road . '' 
 doris squeezed him tighter . 
 glen rested his hand on her hip , and her skin was as smooth as the sight of it had promised . 
 its warmth from lying under the covers would soon be shed . 
 `` how about joining me ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` me strip ? 
 it 's bloody cold . '' 
 `` i 'm not cold . 
 there 's the fire . '' 
 regardless , glen knew he would be cold . 
 but fuck it ! 
 a rush of exuberance . 
 simple , heady love . 
 salvation was his , right here and now . 
 only there was the little matter of paying for it . 
 not today , not tomorrow ; nevertheless sooner rather than later . 
 he removed his sweater and shirt . 
 doris snatched the clothes and flung them on the flames , the sag on her arms and breasts shimmering in the hot glow . 
 she shouted , `` let 's get a good look at you ! '' 
 as he scolded playfully , `` hey , those were my good jeans ! '' 
 just barely did he rescue his wallet and keys . 
 they cried in laughter . 
 and among the trees , two hidden lovers beckoning . 
 § § § § thank you for reading this novel . 
 you can find me online : facebook blog smashwords the cover art is by scott hutchinson 
