 the citizens a waylines media book copyright © 2014 darryl knickrehm more information about other books in the citizens of oblivion series are available at : citizensofoblivion.com no part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means , electronic or mechanical , including photocopying , recording , or by any information storage and retrieval system , without permission in writing from the publisher . 
 for information address : waylines media . 
 published by : waylines media cover art by : darryl knickrehm first edition 14 13 12 11 10 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 part three of the chronicles of the citizens of oblivion contents citizen 1 -- a two bit reality citizen 2 -- missing the mark citizen 3 -- subliminal encryption citizen 4 -- a man obsolete 2081 . 
 heaven on earth was actually made - new babel city . 
 2228 . 
 paradise fell . 
 the easter square incident shook `` the pinnacle of the new world . '' 
 right in the heart of the city , shown to every citizen via flatvision , upload and dreamcast -- a crowd was slaughtered on the steps of new babel 's largest corporation . 
 2,606 dead in less than 20 minutes . 
 heaven was never the same again . 
 like millions of other citizens , i had many unanswered questions . 
 who did this ? 
 why did these people die ? 
 how could this even happen ? 
 was n't this paradise ? 
 but no one had any answers . 
 the media simply condemned the incident , calling it a desperate act of a few deeply disturbed individuals . 
 but i thought 2,606 dead bodies could not be the result of a `` few '' in desperation . 
 so i have spent the last year of my life tracking the answers . 
 and this is what i 've found -- the stories of those involved . 
 these are the tales of those who have seen the underside of heaven , of those who prelude its great awakening . 
 abandon all hope , ye that enter here . 
 for many have traveled within only to discover that they too are a citizen of the outcast , a citizen of a false utopia , a citizen of oblivion . 
 - nh you 're not going to believe any of this . 
 it 's all bullshit . 
 i still do n't buy it myself . 
 but hey , i 'm in here . 
 that 's got to mean something . 
 so where do you want me to begin ? 
 two weeks ago ? 
 when i was put in bracelets ? 
 i know . 
 the last day at that goddamn , soul-sucking job . 
 that 's really when it all came together , or rather , fell apart . 
 *** `` what did i do ? '' 
 i said , sitting up in the twists of sheet . 
 `` what the hell did i do ! '' 
 parts of last night were coming back to me . 
 that burnt out dive , the copious amounts of nitrous , my crew cheering me on -- a no-holds-bared celebration for my last day at mpac . 
 the last day i was now late for . 
 my eyes darted to the clock . 
 thirty minutes late for ! 
 they were going to dock me . 
 they were going to -- i gulped . 
 they were going to make me stay on that goddamn job another day ! 
 `` what the hell did i do ? '' 
 i dashed out the door , faster than a sprinter on laxatives . 
 the noxious medley of speeding levitators , a hundred pedestrians , and who knows how many buzzing projections hit my ears like an amplified explosion . 
 it was like the city had dialed its volume up to 11 . 
 and as i tried to tune it out , as i tore through the morning masses as fast as my spindly legs could muster , the moments of last night began to coalesce in bits and pieces . 
 the glinting tank of nitrous . 
 the sassy little hostess . 
 jack vomiting all over both . 
 every image of the evening was one big regurgitated nightmare . 
 christ ! 
 how much of that shit did i suck down ? 
 careening around the dour customers of an asp booth , i came upon the colossal mpac compound . 
 at the top of the kilometer-long block of rusted steel , in humming fluorescence , a two-story sign glowed : the mechanized psychiatric analysis center . 
 then the worst of the night hit me . 
 a chewed up memory of that sparky hostess . 
 in her hands , she clutched a datapad . 
 the bill . 
 on it was an amount that was ... that could n't have been right . 
 65,000 credits ? 
 that 's a years pay ! 
 there 's no way we could have inhaled more than 500 's worth . 
 what the hell had she dosed us with ? 
 before she could push the datapad on me though , jack bolted . 
 before i took off too , jill tumbled out the window . 
 blinking back to reality , i found myself in a throng of pedestrians swarming at the gaping entrance to mpac . 
 `` what the hell did i do ? '' 
 the rest of the memory is of us stumbling down fifteen flights of stairs . 
 of big , cleaved thugs yelling . 
 of that little hostess , screaming about calling the enforcers . 
 the enforcers ? 
 my neck tensed . 
 my pulse rocketed . 
 if mpac ever got wind of that ... i nearly dropped to the pavement . 
 i was going to have to stay at that job for much longer than another day . 
 cramps spasmed up my neck . 
 heartbeats crescendoed . 
 then in a tendon twanging twitch , my head jerked to the side . 
 i could n't take any more of this job . 
 it was doing shit like this to me . 
 shutting my eyes , i rolled my shoulders , loosened the tension . 
 blinking eyes open , i shook my head . 
 `` no . '' 
 if i kept low , put in an extra hour , did everything to a t , there 'd be no problem . 
 `` yes . '' 
 eyeing the robotic ranks funneling in to the two-story gateway , my neck relaxed , my nerves calmed . 
 these bots , this place was like it was every morning . 
 no one was the wiser . 
 there 'd be no problem . 
 or so i thought . 
 *** now , i should stop for just a second and tell you a little something so you can understand where i 'm coming from with all this . 
 i was a chimp . 
 not literally , you know . 
 that 's what we called the cybernetic habitual improvemental mechanic personnel . 
 mpac told everyone that `` chimps are the final stage of the r21-8 cybernetic rehabilitation process -- the ` psych ' department , so to speak , repairing the coding , personality and psyche of bot 's behavioral routines . '' 
 what a load of crap . 
 what we chimps actually did was : administer the same , mind-numbing test to those sparking bots . 
 and do exactly what mpac demanded . 
 ask the same questions , no deviation ! 
 get the same answers , or mpac will reprimand you ! 
 press finish , and repeat one more time ! 
 everyday . 
 twenty times a day . 
 no brain necessary , just click here . 
 it was so mind-numbingly simple that , well , even a chimp could do it . 
 and all of that was what lead me to wanting out . 
 no one was made to last more than a year at a job like that , and i had been at it for decades . 
 so long , in fact , that i could n't even remember exactly when i had started . 
 i just knew that i had to get out of there before i went madder than those bots that i was treating . 
 so two weeks before all of this , i handed in my resignation with the dream of escaping all this . 
 boy was i a brick to think it was going to be that simple . 
 *** i slinked into the tech lounge and slapped my badge on the clock . 
 beep . 
 i was ok . 
 i was n't that late . 
 things were fine . 
 eyeing the clock , i sighed . 
 who was i kidding ? 
 i peeked around the rack of glowing schedule datapads . 
 dim fluorescence buzzed , stacked crates took up most of the lounge , a vinegar-like stench oozed from somewhere , and buckets littered every other inch , catching the drizzle from sagging pipes above . 
 our cozy little prep lounge looked like it did every day . 
 no one was around . 
 nothing was different . 
 none of deputy director finigan 's pinheaded code administrators were lurking to catch an infraction . 
 maybe things really were ok . 
 i blew out a long breath of relief . 
 then my crew stepped in . 
 jill and jack were the only other organics i ever saw in that corrosive job . 
 they were my only outlet . 
 day in and day out , we three supported each other . 
 everyday , bitching and venting . 
 every night , drinking and huffing . 
 they were the only reason i had made it as long as i had . 
 as they lumbered in , already geared up in their teal tech jumpsuits , both stared intently at a datapad in jill 's hands . '' 
 ... and for its third straight week , '' a stiff reporter recited from the tiny screen , `` the number of pox infected has increased on the lower levels , with the first cases on sector 6 being reported yesterday . '' 
 `` world 's going to hell , '' jill murmured . 
 the reporter continued . 
 `` pest tents have now been established in every district on the level -- '' suddenly , the screen flashed then scrambled into a hiss of code . 
 with a pop , an ascii skull and cross bones filled the screen , followed by big text flashing : d-death . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 jill said . 
 `` damn hackers getting into everything recently . '' 
 jack reached for the screen and flicked it off . 
 `` the world is going mad , '' he said , plopping down on a hill of crates , right next to a brimming pail of water . 
 `` i hate to say it , but sometimes , it feels safer in here , '' jill said . 
 i could n't help but laugh at that . 
 both of them turned . 
 `` oh , hey , bob , '' said jill . 
 `` surprised you made it in after last night . '' 
 i cringed , trying not to remember any more than i had to . 
 `` i ca n't believe we got out of there in one piece . '' 
 `` it looks like some of us did n't , '' she said , aiming a thin finger at the collar of my teal tech jumpsuit . 
 in the cracked glass of the datapad rack , i spotted in my reflection a large cotton bandage taped to my neck . 
 i could n't for the life of me remember what had happened . 
 it was right about then al rolled out of the shadows . 
 `` i wish i could have come , '' the large toaster on tracks said , nodding its pancake head at us . 
 `` sorry , al , '' i said , patting it on the head . 
 `` we did n't make up the rules about nutbuckets in the dis precinct . '' 
 well , actually we did , a complete , absolute lie . 
 but telling al that would have defeated the purpose . 
 a bot was the last thing i wanted to talk to , so i turned back to jack . 
 `` after today , '' jack said , `` you wo n't have to be sucking down the nitrous with us every night at dumps like that broken crown . '' 
 `` god , i ca n't wait . '' 
 a grin slipped out . 
 `` it just feels like this job is never going to end . '' 
 `` fortunately , bob , all jobs end , '' jill said . 
 `` nothing lasts forever . '' 
 al wheeled up . 
 `` to move on to today 's schedule , as per usual , you have a full cycle -- '' `` dammit , al. . 
 do you have to always talk about work ? '' 
 another thing i could n't take any more of , were these goddamn nutbuckets . 
 `` that is all there is to talk about , '' al said , tilting its head , confused . 
 `` to return to your schedule , it appears that you have nineteen plus a private today . '' 
 `` al ! 
 i do n't care ! '' 
 grunting , i unlatched a schedule datapad from the rack and took it . 
 `` they 're all the same . '' 
 jill stood . 
 `` i know how you feel , bob , but these bots are here to get better . '' 
 `` i really could n't care less . '' 
 jack stood too . 
 `` i guess the reason you 're here has kinda gotten lost , eh ? '' 
 and with a pat on my back , he left the room . 
 `` do n't sweat it bob . '' 
 jill turned to leave , but stopped , glanced back and grew a snide smile . 
 `` just do n't mess up any of these sessions or they might not let you leave . '' 
 i feigned a laugh as she left , but i was scared to death that was what they really would do . 
 mpac punished those who did n't perform their duties properly . 
 things like arrest , fines , or even worse -- they lengthened a guy 's contract once . 
 just as i headed for the door , al squeaked up . 
 `` did you encounter any code administrators today ? '' 
 it asked . 
 i froze . 
 `` um , no . '' 
 it started to wheel away again . 
 `` understood . 
 for parameters unknown to me , the pinheads are all over the compound today , '' and it was gone . 
 right then , in a swell of heat from head to toes , i got a very bad feeling about that day . 
 *** mpac 's penalties were infamous . 
 sessions run long ? 
 well , you 're staying until you get all twenty done . 
 even if it runs into your next shift . 
 make a slip-up in a session ? 
 saturday is now on your shift . 
 for the next three months . 
 and do n't get me started about wanting to get out of your contract . 
 i was lucky i had gotten this far without outright rejection . 
 usually , if you asked for a release and you had n't done every single operation in you entire career 100 % right , well , they 'd do something to you . 
 they 'd dig up some remote clause tucked away in your contract and slap a lawsuit on you for breach , or reduce your wages for illegal behavior , or who knows whatever else they could come up with . 
 sometimes , they even called the enforcers . 
 fortunately , there was one place safe from all this . 
 there was one place mpac would n't touch us . 
 in a session . 
 because like with the rest of mpac 's policies , they did n't want to damage that illusion that everything was one hundred percent perfect . 
 unfortunately for me , the madness in a session was just as bad for my health as mpac and its policies . 
 *** i slogged into the processing chamber , neck taut and pulse already over a hundred . 
 fortunately , just an eyeful of the drab decor was instantly sedating . 
 everything was white -- the large block panels tiling the walls , the ovoid table , the chair , the circular hanging lamp -- all designed to bring tranquility to the subjects . 
 after fifty years in operation , however , all that white had faded into a stomach-churning , uneven yellow . 
 thankfully , even in that state , it was exceptionally boring . 
 spotlit in pale fluorescence , three bots stood around the table . 
 this session 's nutbuckets . 
 spotting the closest of the three , i tried my hardest not to roll my eyes . 
 it was a c47 . 
 still , rigid , its skinny can-head teetered to one side . 
 it appeared to be pondering something as it clanked a curved claw against its conical , grilled stomach . 
 c47 's were always in there . 
 the anodes in their neural circuits tended to corrode after a year or two , a flaw in the design . 
 this in turn made their processing degrade . 
 in other words , it made them -- '' -- stupid ? '' 
 the bot said , its vocal diaphragm popping . 
 `` i did not say that , '' said the bulky , flaking bot next to it . 
 that one reached out its bolt-laden arm into a five-finger stop sign , while the other arm , or actually port interface tool , counter-balanced , looking like a severed limb . 
 that was an mir108 . 
 we did n't see many of them in there . 
 they were an older series , designed for maintenance , mostly on sector 15 . 
 they did n't have much of a personality matrix . 
 just rudimentary emotional routines and minimal responses which made them come off as pretty cold to most . 
 on my datapad , i could see this mir108 was sent in by its pit boss . 
 he stated that the bot had become too -- '' -- aggressive , '' the c47 cried . 
 `` what are you implying ? '' 
 the mir108 said , gears grinding as it leaned toward the c47 . 
 `` enough , '' i said as i sat down . 
 the two persisted , however , bickering like an old embittered couple . 
 i doubt they had even noticed i had entered . 
 as for that third bot , it had n't moved an inch through all of this . 
 and if anyone outside of mpac would have strolled into that room , they would have never suspected it was a bot . 
 pale synthetic skin , crisp blue eyes , the finest linen suit -- it was a sentient class . 
 no different than any organic in appearance . 
 no different in its programing too . 
 able to feel , emote , forget , dream , imagine , hypothesize and do any other thing we organics could do , the only thing that was different , was this guy 's guts were metal . 
 this one was an irving 5-0 , if the datapad was correct . 
 a '25 model . 
 it really should n't -- '' -- be in here , '' it blurted out in a spastic fit . 
 the room came to a dead silence . 
 the other two oscillated their heads toward the irving 5-0 . 
 all i did was raise an eyebrow . 
 i knew who was n't passing the test that day . 
 `` wh-why are you looking at me like that ? '' 
 the irving said , craning its twiggy neck forward . 
 my eyes dropped to the datapad . 
 `` let 's just start the test . '' 
 i poked the big red start button on the pad . 
 blocky black text then popped up . 
 `` has your routine changed in the last week ? '' 
 i read . 
 the mir108 firmly stated , `` no . '' 
 the irving 5-0 crimped his lips and shook a big , no . 
 the c47 tilt-tilt-tilted its head . 
 `` yes ... wait . '' 
 its head flopped to the other side . 
 `` um ... no ? '' 
 nodding , i ticked a box on the pad . 
 the next question popped up . 
 `` what was your routine for the last week ? '' 
 tapping its corrugated foot , the mir108 said , `` following your stupid prescribed regime ! '' 
 `` i 'm not stupid , '' the c47 then yelled . 
 `` that 's not what i said , '' the mir108 said , mid-section shifting , head gyrating toward it . 
 and they began again . 
 complaining . 
 arguing . 
 and through it all , the irving 5-0 started to mumble . 
 `` i 'm not going to talk about these things with everyone watching , '' it said . 
 `` i should n't even be with these two . 
 they 're certainly not of the same caliber . '' 
 sucking in a slow breath , i tried to block out the madness . 
 covering my ears , i tried to shut out the noise . 
 doing that , however , made my pounding heart only louder . 
 and with each beat , the chaos only grew . 
 thump . 
 the mir108 shoved the c47 to the cement . 
 thump . 
 the c47 screamed an awful digital howl . 
 thump . 
 the irving scurried to a corner . 
 thump . 
 i dipped my eyes to my datapad . 
 `` stop it , '' i said , my words splintering against the noise . 
 no one heard . 
 in fact , things only got worse . 
 the irving started to rock back and forth against the wall . 
 in nervous twitches , he began to chant . 
 `` merry had a little lamb , little lamb , little lamb . '' 
 shit . 
 he was neuro looping . 
 it happened when they snapped . 
 programming regressed , they got fixated on a phrase , caught in a rudimentary vocal loop . 
 usually a nursery rhyme , the first words used during verbal programming . 
 there was no way this bot was fixed . 
 `` stop it , '' i said , louder . 
 but no one was listening . 
 the mir108 was straddling the c47 , bashing him with his mace-like fist . 
 by now , my thumping heart was practically shaking my head apart . 
 my vision was even pulsating . 
 opening my mouth , i wanted to expel my anger , i wanted to growl out every four-letter word at these bricks . 
 instead , the side of my neck seized . 
 every tendon tightened . 
 who-know 's - what popping , my head then jerked to the side , like some mentally handicapped bird . 
 and there it remained . 
 brain frozen . 
 heart knocking . 
 stress , out of control . 
 all three of the bots froze , mid-punch , mid-scream , mid-verse . 
 all gawked at me , eyes wide . 
 god , this job was tearing me apart . 
 after a second , my neck loosened and head rolled back in to place . 
 i spat out a wheezing breath . 
 i was done with this bullshit . 
 eyes snapping to my datapad , i clicked on a button . 
 before the irving could even blink , the shining metal door behind me hissed open . 
 two vending machine-like attendants rolled in on their tracks , each suited in a white protective sleeve . 
 `` a bad batch , '' i said , standing . 
 `` affirmative , '' one of the attendants said from its block head . 
 its fixed eyes stared out , lifeless , as it clamped onto the mir108 . 
 `` take them back to stage 2 , '' i said . 
 that 's where we sent bots that did n't pass . 
 all the way back at the beginning of r21-8 processing . 
 the irving 's knees almost buckled . 
 `` i 'm fine ! '' 
 i just shook my head . 
 it was obvious that none of them were fine . 
 the attendants towed the bots away . 
 all were screaming . 
 all probably wished i was dead right then . 
 i knew i did . 
 because that was my life . 
 twenty times a day . 
 every carbon copy day . 
 god , i hated every second of it . 
 and thank god that was my last day . 
 yet as i walked out of the session , in a split second , my paranoia , my fears , my nightmares coalesced into a single , foreboding form . 
 down the corridor , under tungsten lamps radiating through the ceiling fans , was a spider-like , wire-framed bot . 
 shimmying closer like an awkward marionette , its orange eyes glowed bright from its pointed , needle head . 
 a pinhead . 
 something must have been wrong with the session . 
 someone must have talked about last night . 
 something definitely was n't right . 
 because the one thing that was for sure , this code administrator was coming straight for me . 
 in that moment , i did the only thing i could do . 
 i ran . 
 *** these pinheads were what deputy director , john f flanagan deemed `` the final solution in productivity . '' 
 you see , in his eyes , productivity was ` lacking ' among the workers at mpac . 
 he said , workers should be at a hundred percent efficiency a hundred percent of the time . 
 like we were goddamn bots or something . 
 so to increase that ` lacking productivity , ' something was needed in order to reprimand mistakes , regulate inefficiency , and just induce a general atmosphere of fear in the workplace . 
 so he came up with these code administrators . 
 everyone who worked at mpac , though , called them pinheads . 
 to us , they were a menace . 
 to us , they were the stupidest idea ever . 
 because when you saw one of them , you knew your life was going to get a whole lot more unproductive . 
 and when i saw one creeping toward me that day , i knew i was in trouble . 
 that 's why i instinctively ran . 
 just like at the broken crown , just like with everything recently -- the only option left was to flee . 
 unfortunately , in mpac , the only place i could run to was into the next session . 
 *** this processing chamber was a mirror image of the last , putrid yellow and all . 
 but i did n't care about that . 
 i was just trying my hardest to calm my hammering heart . 
 peeking out the tiny strip window in the door , i could n't take my eyes off the pinhead . 
 wriggling in the shadows , it continued closer . 
 closer . 
 closer . 
 then , just as it was about to come up to the door , it turned and crawled down another hall . 
 al had said a bunch were out and about that day . 
 maybe they were monitoring for all those hackers and crazies on the news . 
 maybe they were n't out looking for me . 
 maybe i was just being paranoid . 
 i let out a long , loud sigh . 
 finally , i pivoted back to the room . 
 only a single bot was present . 
 and it was sitting . 
 straightening my jumpsuit , i glanced at my datapad . 
 a one-on-one session . 
 this must have been that ` private ' lesson al had talked about . 
 these kinds of sessions were ultra rare , usually reserved for important bots . 
 this one , however , had nothing listed . 
 no sig number , no name . 
 it was just marked ` reserved . ' 
 the bot sat there , motionless , in a long black slicker . 
 with both lapels turned up and a long brimmed hat pulled down , only a t-shaped stripe of its face was visible . 
 that strip , however , was mostly shadows , in which two red eyes burned brightly . 
 this was an awfully unusual bot . 
 i took a breath . 
 for one last day , i had a job to do . 
 so i sat . 
 `` um , '' i said , shifting in my chair . 
 `` your sig was n't written down . 
 what are you exactly ? '' 
 silence . 
 the bot did n't move . 
 then , from within those shadows came a raspy digitized voice . 
 `` that 's not a very friendly greeting . '' 
 i paused . 
 for a second , my mind went blank . 
 it had been forever since i actually had to think about how to respond to a patient . 
 before i could , however , the bot said , `` i 'm an x1 . '' 
 i nearly dropped the datapad . 
 `` your run has n't even been released yet , '' i said . 
 `` what are you doing in here ? '' 
 it said nothing . 
 its eyes only stared . 
 and i sat , squirming , shaken , confused . 
 it leaned ever so slightly forward . 
 `` what does any of this have to do with the differential ? '' 
 i straightened up , uncomfortably . 
 was it angry ? 
 that warbling voice was so devoid of emotion that it sent chills through me . 
 `` um , '' i said , `` nothing really . 
 i just ca n't see why a sentient class of your caliber should be in for maintenance yet . '' 
 from behind the lapels , i could hear a faint hiss as the x1 vacuumed air in with its synthesized breath . 
 `` shall we begin ? '' 
 i nodded and cleared my throat . 
 eyes darting to my datapad , i began to read the questions . 
 `` has your routine changed in the past week ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` what was your routine for the past week ? '' 
 `` i frequented nitro bars . '' 
 i looked up . 
 `` what 's a geargrinder like you doing there ? '' 
 it let out a long hissing breath . 
 `` i was observing . '' 
 i paused . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` i was monitoring a particular subject . '' 
 i twitched . 
 `` what do you mean subject ? '' 
 `` i was following someone . '' 
 i stopped . 
 this bot was seriously disturbed . 
 `` you do know stalking is against the 4e ethics programming coded into all bots , do n't you ? '' 
 from behind those lapels , it hissed out a breath in a plume of smoke . 
 `` yes . '' 
 i tried to hold back a shiver . 
 the next question popped up on the datapad and i read it . 
 `` can you give me more details about your activities ? '' 
 `` i followed my subject to the broken crown . '' 
 i froze . 
 my muscles seized . 
 for a second , i could n't even take a breath . 
 `` when were you there ? '' 
 `` last night . '' 
 i tried to swallow , but could n't . 
 `` who were you following ? '' 
 slowly , gracefully , it leaned into the beam of the hanging lamp , revealing a large toothy grin . 
 `` you . '' 
 i shoved myself away from the table . 
 `` who the hell are you ? '' 
 `` not of importance , '' it said , tone and volume unchanged . 
 `` why are you stalking me ? '' 
 it let out a smoking breath . 
 `` why were you in the dis precinct ? '' 
 i launched to my feet . 
 `` i 'm going to call security . '' 
 with an ear grabbing screech , the x1 pushed its metal chair back . 
 a spindly unfolding crane , it stood ; its coat plumed out like the wings of a large , ashen raven . 
 i froze . 
 slowly , its resonant voice grumbled out . 
 `` i would n't do that . '' 
 shaking , i stepped away from the door . 
 the x1 nodded , approvingly . 
 under the light , leaning on the table , the bot looked like an inquisitor , features shadowed , eyes burning bright . 
 `` why were you in the dis precinct ? '' 
 `` i. . . '' 
 my throat constricted . 
 stretching my cramping neck , i continued . 
 `` i was bar hopping for some nitrous with jill and jack . '' 
 `` as i thought . '' 
 it sat down , pulling the flowing coat in . 
 that 's when i got a terrible thought . 
 could this guy be an enforcer ? 
 `` please sit . '' 
 it motioned to my chair with a skeletal hand . 
 reluctantly plodding over to my chair , i shook my way in . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i know what you 've done . '' 
 i froze . 
 `` i know what you are , '' it said . 
 this guy was definitely an enforcer . 
 `` what is your occupation ? '' 
 it asked . 
 `` oh come on . 
 you just said you know . '' 
 `` please state it . '' 
 i glanced around . 
 no cameras . 
 no recording devices . 
 what the hell was going on ? 
 `` are you looking for a confession or something ? '' 
 the x1 sat silently , unmoved . 
 its eyes burned red , menacing , unforgiving . 
 my heart started to pound as i said , `` i did n't do anything . '' 
 those red eyes did n't flinch . 
 `` please state your occupation . '' 
 `` we did n't do anything wrong ! '' 
 `` your occupation ... '' its eyes kindled brighter . 
 my heart pounded louder . 
 `` it was n't our fault . 
 that hostess was scamming us . '' 
 the eyes remained unmoved . 
 the pounding felt as if it was about to split my head wide open . 
 that 's when i cracked . 
 `` ok , ok . 
 we skipped out without paying the bill . 
 but that bitch was scamming us ! '' 
 for a moment , my heart settled . 
 for a moment , the truth healed all . 
 the x1 , however , shook its head . 
 `` what is your occupation ? '' 
 i squinted at the bot , confused . 
 this could n't be an enforcer . 
 `` are you from mpac ? '' 
 i asked . 
 the x1 leaned forward slightly . 
 `` all i want is for you to state your occupation . 
 everything else is irrelevant . '' 
 i glanced around the chamber again . 
 nothing there was out of the ordinary . 
 `` come on , '' i said , my hands clutching the edge of the table . 
 `` this is my last day . 
 just let whatever this is slide and i 'll be out of your hair . '' 
 its stare did n't waver . 
 i had no choice . 
 i had to give it what it wanted . 
 `` ok , fine ! 
 i 'm a chimp . '' 
 the x1 launched to its feet , that black coat blossoming . 
 `` you are in violation of code 31v , '' it said , each word low and grinding . 
 i froze . 
 `` a working class bob-x4 has no place in the dis precinct , '' it continued . 
 `` a sentient class bot like you ca n't even process nitrous . '' 
 `` what are you saying ? '' 
 that familiar cramp started rolling its way up my neck . 
 the pounding once again commenced . 
 `` by your own admission , you are a chimp . 
 only bots are allowed to be cybernetic habitual improvemental mechanic personnel . '' 
 `` you 're crazy ! 
 i 'm hu -- '' but before i could finish , before i could think , my neck seized , head wrenched , and everything froze . 
 in an earth-shattering fizz , all went black . 
 *** after what could have been a second or an hour , everything suddenly winked back . 
 the x1 , the processing chamber , and everything else in that pounding reality . 
 the strangest thing , however , was the big red words flashing through my vision . 
 error . 
 error . 
 309 system glitch . 
 reboot necessary . 
 no matter where i looked , the words were there , tattooed into my sight . 
 i shivered . 
 `` you 've done something to me ! '' 
 the x1 slowly shook its head . 
 `` you are clearly malfunctioning . 
 you 've gone much too long without maintenance . '' 
 `` malfunctioning ? 
 maintenance ? 
 you 're mad , '' i said , the words `` error '' still blocking my vision . 
 `` it is you that have become detached from reality . 
 you 've separated yourself from your subjects . 
 so much that you think you are n't the same as them . '' 
 i shook my head a dozen times . 
 `` i did my job . 
 my attitude is beside the point . 
 i am done . 
 my resignation was accepted . '' 
 `` accepted ? 
 how do you think mpac found out about your dementia ? 
 chimps ca n't resign . 
 you were manufactured for this job . 
 my jaw slackened . 
 `` you 've had a complete psychotic break , '' it continued . 
 `` you 've created this personality . 
 and with all that nitrous , your memories have become completely scrambled . '' 
 `` but i am human . 
 look at me ! '' 
 in a wide , arcing swoop , the x1 reached over the table and latched on to my scalp with its talons . 
 swiveling my skull , it forced my head towards the scratched chrome door . 
 in the reflection back , was me : pale-faced , shiny scalped , completely human . 
 but when he twisted my head just so , my icy eyes flashed , reflecting a feathery , microchip sheen . 
 `` no ... '' the x1 unlatched its fingers . 
 `` this fantasy you have created extends so far as to reside off-facility . 
 you have even hidden your robotic appearance . '' 
 those nimble claws then ripped off the bandage on my neck . 
 underneath , something glowed through my flesh . 
 the words : `` bob-x4 sig : 129532g1a '' the x1 leaned back . 
 `` and these friends of yours -- jack and jill -- there are no techs here with those names . 
 the only other chimp in your department is al. . 
 you are obviously neuro looping . '' 
 i could not take my eyes off the reflection of the letters on my neck . 
 i could n't remember seeing this . 
 i searched my memories , but they were empty . 
 there was no concrete memory older than the shreds of last nights nightmare . 
 `` you are no longer a properly functioning chimp , '' the x1 said . 
 `` a bot in your condition is required to be sent to stage 2 diagnostics . '' 
 stage 2 ? 
 where i sent all those i failed ? 
 i turned back to the x1 . 
 in a hulking silhouette , it hunched over the table , fingers curled around the edges . 
 in that moment , a bounce of light , a flash from the lamp , reflected off the table and revealed the x1 's face . 
 the smooth brow , the glass jaw , the pale skin ... it looked exactly like me . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 it lowered those sterile red eyes toward me . 
 `` i am your replacement . '' 
 i almost collapsed to the floor . 
 `` and i will do the job properly . '' 
 the door hissed open . 
 two attendants squeaked in . 
 as they clamped down on my shoulders i whimpered . 
 `` but today 's my last day ... '' the x1 straightened , face dissolving into shadows , those eyes burning out even brighter . 
 `` you will never be able to leave this place . '' 
 in a heave , the bots towed me away . 
 the x1 stood , a shadowed scarecrow in that light . 
 `` next time we meet , '' it said in that deep , dead tone , `` you will be on the other side of this table . '' 
 *** and that , as they say , was that . 
 i ended up in this hell . 
 with all these loons . 
 but that 's life , eh ? 
 you win some and you lose some . 
 well , actually , you lose most . 
 but there 's really only one problem i still ca n't get over . 
 something that terrorizes me , haunts my dreams , infects every thought . 
 i realized that after all this , if i ever get out of this bin , i actually will be stuck in this goddamn job forever . 
 crap . 
 end transcript of patient 129532g1a the citizens were sick . 
 yet very few even knew . 
 some were filled with delusions of normality . 
 some thought things were fine . 
 all , however , thought they were in control . 
 in reality , those who were deluded could no longer even see what they truly were . 
 they could no longer see what their world had become . 
 this was not the last that bob and his kind would play in the easter square incident . 
 their final role was yet to come . 
 - nh originally published in `` the new babel times '' anghrist jones -lrb- 2228.7.01 -rrb- the mark of a true artist . 
 10-19 `` this is what i will be remembered for . 
 this will define me . '' 
 the words of a madman or a genius ? 
 talking about his controversial , yet overlooked final work , the christ , these are the last words from the log of franz k. scordato , this week 's figure for the mark of a true artist . 
 in a first for this column , we shall take a break from delving into the lives and works of the masters to take a look at a little-known figure . 
 this departure , however , is a necessary evil , for only through the journey of the misguided can we truly appreciate what it is to be a master . 
 today we will look at the artist who made the most drastic sacrifice for his art -- his life . 
 franz was a typical citizen , one of the tens of millions of faces in our divine tower of new babel . 
 having never stepped outside the city , never experienced the squalor of the lower sectors , never even set eyes on an unadulterated sky from the peaks of sector 1 , nothing about franz 's colorless past indicated the drastic measures he would eventually take . 
 born to the sector 5 middle classes , he spent most of his childhood studying at the academies of sector 2 . 
 as adolescence ended , he remained on the protected sector , sheltered from the real world among the marble libraries and ionic halls , and trained in sculpting and metalworking at the corinthian institute of arts . 
 it was there franz began study of the style of art that would eventually become the catalyst to his madness -- the gordian method . 
 established in 2081 , the gordian method was a mildly controversial , if not overly expressionistic , plastic art form , designed by its creators to be `` a bold stroke to untie the tangled mess of the art world '' at the time . 
 part of the neuvuea de renaissance , it featured the emotive juxtaposition of human body parts often detached from the body , symbolizing the separation of mankind from itself and spirit . 
 quickly adopting all of the style 's ideals , franz mutated this form into his own . 
 mixing in elements of neo-realism -- the use of recycled parts , often those of bots -- franz soon began sculpting effigies of pure expression . 
 `` my work is an expression of how all of us are nothing more than machines , '' franz stated in his personal log . 
 `` biological machines , machines of the system , machines of habit . 
 the list is endless . 
 and we are all this way -- humans , bots and those in between -- we all have consciousness but no awareness of what we really are or what we really are doing . 
 with each sculpture , i want to connect man and the machine , the creator and creation , making them one . 
 by doing so , hopefully , i can return that awareness that we all lack . '' 
 for the four short years of study , the future looked bright for franz . 
 the top of his class , full of ideals , in awe by his peers -- franz was what every student wanted to be . 
 then , in 2221 , tragedy struck . 
 graduation . 
 franz 's mentor , the renowned artist virgil novak explained exactly what graduation means to the aspiring . 
 `` it 's like hitting a brick wall for most , '' he said , his bald visage rippling with impertinence and fire . 
 `` the world never needs another artist . 
 especially nowadays , with the factory-made entertainers of sector 3 . 
 so no matter what one is able to do , no one will automatically be dubbed an ` artist ' by default . 
 that only comes when one sells one 's work . 
 and one ca n't do that when unknown . 
 in order to become known , however , one must sell one 's work . 
 a hellish catch-22 . '' 
 and franz was no different . 
 with little success in making enough from his work to live off of , franz was left with little choice . 
 he had to enter the real world . 
 he had to go back home . 
 `` it felt strange to step back on sector 5 after so many years , '' franz recalled in an old letter . 
 `` meeting my father , his first words to me were , ` i 'll give you a place to stay . 
 but you got ta find a job . ' 
 no hello , no welcome home . 
 just , ' a job in a week , or out of my place ! ' 
 that 's my dad all right . '' 
 `` this is the real world , i told the boy , '' dante scordato , franz 's father , explained to me in his bachelor chamber . 
 with each word he spoke , he puffed on a stogie , lounging in the only chair in the room , his posture as rigid as a drill sergeant . 
 `` i mean , art is nice and all , but this world is about the dollars and the cents . 
 period . 
 all those frilly things like feelings , entertainment , relationships , they 're all fantasies . 
 illusions . 
 the only thing that really exists is credits . 
 and you 've got ta fit into that . '' 
 franz 's list of skills , however , had little connection with the current job market . 
 `` we study to be something so long , '' franz commented in his log , `` but when we 're finished , all we are left with is a piece of paper and a list of openings completely unrelated to what your life has been built towards . 
 no one wants an artist . 
 they want five years of managerial experience . '' 
 a week was soon up , and the day of his father 's deadline had arrived . 
 franz , however , still did n't have a job . 
 `` i did n't know what to do , '' he stated in his log . 
 `` my father came to me . 
 he had that look -- like a stone gargoyle . 
 he knew i had n't found anything . 
 i was sure he was going to kick me out right then and there . 
 but instead , he handed me a ticket . '' 
 `` i egged the squirt on , '' mr. scordato said , chortling . 
 `` i just stood there for a good minute . 
 looked mean . 
 he looked like he was going to cry . 
 but before the waterworks started , i handed him that reservation ticket and told him , ` you 've got an interview this afternoon . ' 
 yup , i saved his ass . 
 as usual . '' 
 `` i was so relieved , '' franz said . 
 `` i spent the whole trip to the sector welfare recruitment office wondering what my father had found . 
 an art dealer . 
 an apprenticeship ? 
 i would have even taken a sales rep position at a publishing firm . 
 but as soon as i stepped through that door and saw the interviewer 's company badge ... i almost gave up then and there on all my dreams . '' 
 `` city air is honest work , '' his father stated in an old correspondence . 
 `` i do n't see what the fuss is about . 
 i mean , he can stay put on sector 5 . 
 where he should be , dammit . 
 safe , where all the sane citizens are . 
 not wallowing with that bohemian trash down on sector 10 . 
 and if this art-thing never takes off , he 's got this . 
 it 's stable , and it 'll probably bring him better pay than those things of his . 
 hell , i 've been at city air for 30 years ! 
 and look at me . 
 stable . 
 satisfied . 
 what else is there to want ? '' 
 `` i was devastated , '' franz recorded . 
 `` that was the last place i wanted to work . 
 a corporate job ? 
 suit and tie ? 
 but what choice did i have ? 
 it was either that or live on the street . 
 so i took the interview . '' 
 a week later , franz landed the job of assistant to the manager of billing at city air limited , new babel 's sole o2 distributor . 
 quite a position to find straight out of the academies . 
 most would have jumped for joy to have the opportunity franz was given . 
 franz , however , had his mind elsewhere . 
 `` franz ? 
 oh yeah ! 
 what a great bob , '' said kevin tolvaj , franz 's boss . 
 bristling with stubble , barely contained by his crisp penitentiary uniform , this human mountain would be intimidating if it were n't for his constant grin . 
 `` he could always get things done in a flash . 
 but i got the idea he had other things on his mind . 
 i always saw him working on these wild designs and sketches whenever he had a free minute . 
 helluva lot better than i could do , that 's for sure . 
 ha-ha ! 
 i even tried to help the poor kid out . '' 
 `` yeah , kevin was the only one who seemed to get me , '' commented franz in a 2224 indiezine interview . 
 `` he often brought me boxes of spare scrap parts . 
 i always wanted to ask him where he got them . 
 but he was connected with so many firms , because of his position , it was n't a huge wonder . 
 it was actually because of kevin i could finish the first piece that made me feel remotely like an artist . '' 
 the prison , franz 's self-proclaimed first major work was a imprudent diatribe on society . 
 in his own words , `` it is what our world does to bots , those poor souls . 
 given consciousness only to realize they are slaves to this social machine we put them into . 
 it 's sad . '' 
 franz continued the story of its creation in his logs , `` the day after i told kevin what i could n't find enough material to complete the piece , i found a box on my desk . 
 on it was a small note , ` hope this helps , ' written on it . 
 the box was filled with a coaxial reflux capacitor , a row of compound tubing , and on top of the pile , a three-fingered hand , with red wiring . 
 everything i needed ! 
 i could have never done it without kevin . '' 
 despite kevin 's encouragement , a duality evolved for franz between the job and his art . 
 `` i hated the job , '' franz stated in a brief appearance in the underground bohemian documentary for art 's sake . 
 `` ` can you get this replicated ? ' 
 ` fill this up , no cream . ' 
 it had nothing to do with what i was interested in , what i was good at , what i was made for . 
 it was suffocating really . '' 
 it was then franz 's delusions of grandeur began . 
 it is usually when the misguided face reality that they fall into their fantasies . 
 that is when their dreams become obsessions . 
 as the years drew on , the reality of franz 's job made his obsession only grow worse . 
 `` i was sent out on recall today , '' franz recorded in his log . 
 `` it happens at least twice a week now . 
 today , i had to go down to a housing project on sector 8 . 
 to the robinson family . 
 their building was so sad , if you could call it a building . 
 they were three months behind on their o2 payments . 
 they greeted me at the door with tears . 
 that 's always awkward . 
 it 's funny , people always joked if corporations could , they 'd charge for the air you breath . 
 new babel found a way how since the entire city is enclosed . 
 hell , they even got it so that the bots need o2 to function . 
 to keep their circuitry from getting snuffed , as they like to say . 
 bastards . 
 `` anyway , after a few uncomfortable minutes , the robinson 's decided to leave their apartment , and i shut down the air . 
 they are homeless now , because of me . 
 undesirables . 
 stuck with that label on their record , forever . 
 you ca n't find a place to live anywhere above sector 9 when you 've got that on you . 
 and that horrible outcome was a good result . 
 i ca n't take this ... causing such destruction . 
 all i wanted to do was build . 
 i hate this job . '' 
 yet despite this tenuous equilibrium , or maybe even because of it , franz did n't give up . 
 he worked late into the night each day making his neo-gordian statues . 
 inspired to make an ultimate masterwork , he fantasized it would let him escape the trap he had let himself fall . 
 `` if only i had time enough to focus on my real work , '' he stated in a log . 
 `` then i could actually make something that could sell . 
 then i could actually become a real artist . '' 
 what he did n't realize was that the art world does n't work that way . 
 for as any true artist knows , forming connections , not withdrawing into work , is the only way to become a real artist . 
 and the only way to do that is to pay ones dues , work ones way up the ladder , play the game -- then , and only then , can one get one 's work seen . 
 franz , however , lived in his own reality . 
 `` the work should speak for itself , '' franz stated in his log . 
 `` should n't an artist become acclaimed because of his work ? 
 how 'd it become the other way around ? 
 all this other stuff has nothing to do with making a good piece . 
 art is about expression . 
 creativity . 
 humanity . 
 that 's it . 
 is n't it ? '' 
 with these kinds of simplistic ideals , it is no wonder franz could find neither comrades nor an audience . 
 because , as taught to even the most basic of art students nowadays , art must serve a purpose . 
 it must cater to an audience , a product to a target market . 
 so it is unsurprising franz 's work went almost completely unsold . 
 `` i try submitting them to publishers for replication ... but they do n't care , '' franz stated . 
 `` all that matters is if i 'm some star . 
 if not , they just throw my piece in a warehouse of others . 
 and then i wait six months for a reply . 
 six months ! 
 just how am i supposed to ever make a living in a system like that ? 
 how can i ever quit this job ? 
 how will i ever be able to become an artist ? '' 
 yet the reality was , he was an employee of city air , not an artist . 
 and by this point , he no longer lived with his father . 
 he had to earn money to live . 
 he had to be at city air . 
 this fact left an everlasting scar on franz . 
 `` i ca n't take it any more , the recalls . 
 invading peoples homes . 
 turning off their air . 
 turning off their life . 
 i always say they can leave , but it 's crazy the amount that stay . 
 they say their life is over anyway . 
 being an undesirable , it 's impossible to live a normal life . 
 so they stay . 
 they die . 
 at first it was too shocking to process it , the bodies . 
 now it 's somehow become ... normal . 
 what 's happened to me ? 
 i never wanted to be like this . 
 their corpses still haunt me . 
 always such a strange color . 
 that 's when i got the idea for my masterwork . '' 
 the sum of events of franz 's life -- - the duality with his job , the isolation from his peers , the inability to achieve his obsession -- had taken its toll . 
 through it came the pinnacle of franz k. scordato 's artistic life -- - his final piece . 
 `` i 'm not needed , '' he stated in his log . 
 `` the person i am , this artist i 've been programmed to be , it is n't needed . 
 i 'm only wanted to server other 's purposes , like some kind of bot . 
 and what good is a bot that can not fulfill its programing ? 
 it is scrap . 
 just scrap . 
 sometimes i feel there 's not enough air ... for too long , i 've been forced to be something i 'm not . 
 i am not this job . 
 i am not this man . 
 i 've done this for my father . 
 i 've done this for society . 
 i 've done this to survive . 
 but what about me ? 
 is this life not my own ? 
 should i not live it for me ? 
 no air ... i can not breath ... i can not continue this lie . 
 i must breath . 
 i must express . 
 i am not a bot to be used ! 
 this ... this piece will be my purest form of expression . '' 
 kevin tolvaj became almost quiet when i approached him about this final piece . 
 in a mouse 's voice , the bear-of-a-man explained . 
 `` he had become so secretive with his work towards the end . 
 he rarely let me snag a look . 
 but when i brought by a box ' o parts for his little hobby , he was n't at his desk . 
 so i took a peek at some of his sketches . '' 
 the imposing man sat in silence , his eyes becoming glossy . 
 `` those drawings . 
 it was inhuman ... what he planned to do . '' 
 it was n't until the new recruit arrived in his division that franz would attempt to make his madness a reality . 
 `` i was working on the layout of the figure when a new guy stumbled into my office , '' reported franz in his personal log . 
 `` this twiggy redheaded schmuck . 
 phil was his name . 
 i showed him around the place . 
 he was fresh out of the academies , asking what this was and that . 
 always grinning like an idiot . 
 when we got back to my office he tried looking at my drawings , but i grabbed them away . 
 `` ` you 're into the gordian method ? ' 
 he squeaked . 
 turns out he had gone to the corinthian school of arts too . 
 i told him to go load the coffee machine just to get him out of my hair , but he ended up burning himself . 
 ` that 's not how you do it ! ' 
 i yelled . 
 ` you got ta turn off the steam array first . ' 
 but he just smiled that stupid grin at me and said , ` thanks . 
 hopefully i 'll master all this stuff soon . ' 
 `` suddenly , my throat got so tight . 
 i did n't have enough air . 
 i had to sit down . 
 after about a minute , all i could make out was , ' a master of pouring coffee . 
 is this all i am ? ' 
 and that was it . 
 that was the moment i made the decision . 
 i was committed . '' 
 `` he had lost touch with reality completely , '' novak recalled . 
 `` when he told me his idea -- the christ -- all i could say was , ` who do you think you are ? ' 
 ` no one has ever done this , ' he said . 
 ` there 's a reason for that , ' i yelled back . 
 he looked at me , with crocodile tears swelling and said , ` this is my statement . 
 this is what the world has become ... and this is what it has made me . 
 to be sacrificed . 
 sacrificed in order to continue their ideals . 
 sacrificed to prolong their system . ' 
 his last words were the most haunting . 
 ` it takes this to get noticed . ' 
 that was the last time i saw him . '' 
 the christ -- an accumulation of all the methods and craftsmanship of franz 's previous works . 
 the designs varied widely , but all revolved around a pieced-together figure hanging on a cross . 
 the final note read : ` my parts , my soul -- shattered . ' 
 `` instead of using bot parts , he planned to use his own body to create his figure . 
 dissected into pieces , then reassembled , '' novak stated . 
 that was the key to the piece , he would become part of the work . 
 it would be the first of its kind , the end of the life of franz k. scordato and the beginning of his legacy . 
 but something happened . 
 `` that night i was going to begin , '' franz recorded . 
 `` the programming was finished , backing assembled , all i needed to do was execute . 
 but kevin sent me on a surprise recall at the end of my shift . 
 i figured , ` hell , what 's one more family on my list ... ' '' `` i sent him down to sector 10 , to mpac -lsb- mechanized psychiatric analysis center -rsb- , '' kevin recalled . '' 
 i had some associates there i did business with . 
 they wanted me to , um , take care of something for them . 
 so i sent franz to do his thing . 
 i 'm glad i chose to do it that day , for franz 's sake . 
 it was supposed to end differently for me , '' he said , pointing to his starchy penitentiary uniform , `` but hell , that 's life . '' 
 `` i knocked on the door , '' franz recalled in a letter to his father . 
 `` no one opened . 
 it was a strange building . 
 the rusted shack looked like an anthill with mpac looming next to it . 
 it was obviously temporary housing . 
 i knocked again , but nothing . 
 i even tried punching in the override code so i could deliver last rites . 
 but it did n't work . 
 i was about to enter the termination code when the door slid open . 
 inside , a one-armed bot slouched against the door . 
 `` ` you 've failed to pay your o2 bills , ' i said , then stopped . 
 inside were dozens of half-broken bots . 
 faces missing , severed limbs , hallowed chests -- the room looked like a living scrapheap . 
 `` ` what happened ? ' 
 i asked . 
 nobody answered . 
 but something was strange . 
 there was no way that many bots lived in such a cramped space . 
 they 'd been gathered there . 
 `` i asked again , ` why are you here ? ' 
 one finally spoke , ` we can not pay mpac . ' 
 `` i did n't know what to say , what to think . 
 `` ` we ca n't pay for our repairs , ' he said . 
 ` at mpac , if you ca n't pay , they repossess . 
 then what good are we ? ' 
 `` then it hit me -- i had been sent there to terminate these poor bots . 
 i looked over the poor fools . 
 they were broken . 
 of no use . 
 unwanted . 
 it was all too familiar . 
 `` and while i started at them , i realized -- they looked familiar . 
 their designs , their pieces , their parts . 
 the bot at the door then tried to adjust his missing arm 's connector with his remaining hand . 
 it was three-fingered ... with red wiring ... the same as the hand i used on the prison . 
 `` i looked back at the other bots . 
 it all came back to me then . 
 that bots blue stripes , that one 's rigged grating -- they all had been part of my creations . 
 kevin had been giving me their repossessed parts . 
 `` at that moment , i felt so hollow . 
 i felt so confused . 
 i left without terminating . 
 i could n't be their executor . 
 i had already done too much . 
 that was the end of my old life . '' 
 that day franz disappeared from sector 5 . 
 his friends , family , and co-workers never saw him again . 
 but that was n't the end of franz . 
 if you are ever on sector 10 , wandering the cramped maze of vendors and screaming merchants , at a little shop in a small back lot , franz can be found working away in his new life . 
 he makes replacement parts and prosthetics for the unfortunate , infusing his art , mixing man and machine , making those who were broken whole once again . 
 `` my father could n't understand it , '' franz said while welding a plastoid panel to a t7 forearm . 
 `` he ca n't understand why i took a step down to sector 10 . 
 i feel i 've taken a step up in my life . '' 
 franz was forced to give up his life on sector 5 because of his misconceptions about art . 
 he had to change in order to finally become what he wanted to be . 
 and symbolizing his transformation is the christ -- no longer a man on a cross , but one with head held up high . 
 instead of sacrificing himself , it is made from donated parts , sacrificed from some of his many thankful customers . 
 a plaque below the statue reads : ` like so many sacrificed for the greater good , together we now stand . ' 
 and in a pleasant twist of fate , in association with the mentor foundation 's program to bring exposure to new artists , city air has sponsored the christ to be exhibited at the a.r.t. exhibition promenade in easter square , all this and next month , a thank you for the work franz provided . 
 franz 's day in the sun seems to have arrived . 
 according to the craftsman , his customer base is thriving , much in thanks to his once solitary disciple 's continued support . 
 `` been spreading the word about franz and his work for years , '' kevin said with a smile . 
 `` would n't think there 'd be much of an audience in here , '' he pointed to his uniform , `` but i guess it do n't take an artist to know when something is really good . '' 
 now franz works daily with a smile . 
 he may not have become a successful master artist like us on sector 3 , but we can end this sad little tale of what not to do happily . 
 for no matter what one believes , success only comes when catering to an audience -- the mark of a true artist . 
 the citizens were unhappy , without hope or answers . 
 so few could remember what the questions to life even were . 
 meaning was completely lost from the roles of society . 
 franz was but one of a great number who saw this all too clear . 
 yet whether one agrees with jones ' assessment of franz , or franz 's assessment of the world , one fact is clear : franz 's masterpiece was yet to reach its final purpose . 
 it was to be the icon of the easter square incident . 
 it was to be forever burned into the minds of the people . 
 - nh begin transmission almost to the booth . 
 just a few more corners . 
 just a few more minutes . 
 then i 'll no longer be afraid . 
 then i 'll be a free man . 
 and all i 've got to do is kill myself . 
 i glance down at my watch . 
 11:45 ? 
 crap . 
 none of that 'll happen if i do n't hurry . 
 with a stumble , i take off down the street . 
 the dis precinct radiates around me . 
 a flash of florescence , a buzz of wires , a choir of pitches calling to the masses -- i scurry through it all , a mad dash through paradise . 
 through the towering steel monoliths . 
 through the flood of harmonies . 
 through the odoriferous pleasures . 
 all under a metal sky . 
 and the crowds of people around me , the droning masses , they are in love with this mix . 
 and why should n't they be ? 
 it 's new babel 's beloved pleasure quarters . 
 nowhere else can you get a whiff of freedom at the low , low price of your soul . 
 but right now , all these dreamers are just getting in my way . 
 i step through the steam peeling from the sewer grates and turn the corner . 
 damn . 
 a queue of some 30 bobs are already lining the walkway . 
 clomping up to the back of the human centipede , i ca n't even see the front . 
 disappearing around the corner of a line of cinder-block buildings , this centipede is dead . 
 its spirit is lax -- heads down , arms in , no talking , no life . 
 it 's not moving at all . 
 i roll out a sigh . 
 `` this is going to take forever . '' 
 i glance at my watch again . 
 panic grips my chest . 
 squeeze . 
 what i would n't give for a handful of woebegones right now . 
 to take off the nerves . 
 to make it all all right . 
 ™ no . 
 this is the only option . 
 it 's either this procedure or turn myself in . 
 turn myself in for a lifetime of hell . 
 sucking down a gulp of air , calming my heart , it hits me -- something reeks . 
 a stale , citrus stench . 
 body odor . 
 with each breath i get a lung-full of it . 
 on about the fourth one , i realize the curdling fumes are coming from the bob in front of me . 
 `` crap . '' 
 the bob hunches before me , his tired black hoodie pulled up . 
 he lifts a shaking knuckle to his ghostly face and scratch-scratch-scratches . 
 he looks like all the other bobs in line really -- someone i do n't want to be with . 
 this is not what i imagined when i decided to do this procedure . 
 this wait . 
 this lot . 
 this smell . 
 i think about leaving , think about making a break for it . 
 i mean , there 's another booth on 32nd but my watch says ... 11:50 ? 
 there 's just no way i can make it by 12:45 . 
 i 'm stuck here . 
 could this go any worse ? 
 i then get an eyeful of something white . 
 silky . 
 a flash of flesh . 
 spinning , my eyes snap onto a woman strutting down the walkway . 
 the t-shaped strip of leather stretched from crotch to chest is barely enough to cover her private bits . 
 with each step , she bounces . 
 with each step , i hope something slips . 
 a few feet behind her , next to a rainbow billboard banana , i find a store sign glowing in ruby red neon : attire de hérétique . 
 below it , a twiggy woman cruises out of an old brass revolving door . 
 she 's wearing some of that fashion , only a thin band of clothing covering her crotch . 
 her top flaps free and bare . 
 what i would n't give for a takemura cam-plant right now . 
 the one with the 3d reproduction module . 
 23x zoom . 
 infrared . 
 heat detection . 
 complete immersion recording experience . 
 ™ `` d-d-disgraceful is n't it ? '' 
 a voice says . 
 with a blink , my grin fades . 
 with a blink , i 'm back in the steaming fluorescence of dis . 
 guess who 's staring at me ? 
 `` it-it-it 's amazing how society can get so sick that anything can become acceptable , '' says my stinky neighbor . 
 i grunt and my eyes flick back to the centipede . 
 after a blink they grow big and start to water . 
 we 've only moved a foot . 
 oh god ! 
 and that took what ? 
 ten minutes ? 
 there 's no way i 'm going to make it . 
 right then the line moves . 
 scoot , shuffle , clop -- the centipede crawls forward around the last of the block buildings . 
 on this new street , the massive glass cloudpokers on either side of us turn our little path into a valley . 
 gleaming glass windows to our right , twisted steel slabs to our left , and all along each panel , a synthetic sun reflects . 
 the line is dead again . 
 i can see the end of it now . 
 another forty or so wait on the edge of oblivion . 
 `` you 've got to be kidding me , '' i say . 
 `` does everyone in the whole city have to use this booth ? '' 
 what i would n't give to be slapping a batch of jet lax patches on these saps right now . 
 before you can say laxative , jet lax will get you going lickity-split . 
 ™ then i spot something even worse than a line this long . 
 something even worse than my neighbor . 
 something that could ruin everything -- my day , my plan , my life . 
 a bobbing crowd of people swarms upon the queue on the horizon . 
 sigh . 
 `` goddamn protestors . '' 
 *** subliminal encryption *** in trouble ? 
 legal ? 
 moral ? 
 other ? 
 we are your only hope . 
 do n't let the risk of becoming an undesirable throw you into a life of misery . 
 now you can get help . 
 a procedure is quick and painless . 
 you need this . 
 you want this . 
 it 's your right . 
 the path to a better life . 
 only at your local asp booth . 
 visit yours today . 
 brought to you by phoenix preparatory services . 
 *** end *** the inevitable is coming . 
 i see it a dozen yards away . 
 that swarming , squirming mass . 
 judgment . 
 distrust . 
 condemnation . 
 and all i want is to do this quietly , to go unnoticed . 
 typical . 
 from the sea of anger , flimsy signs wobble and wave . 
 the crowd surges . 
 their fists ebb . 
 curled nostrils , pinched brows , mouths wide and canines glinting . 
 they stand as one -- fists held high , confident stares , we know better than you . 
 `` why do people have to do th-th-this ? '' 
 the sap asks , eyes pointed straight at me . 
 `` what 's wrong with getting a proce-proce-proce -- '' `` procedure ? '' 
 `` ye-ye-yes . 
 why do they have to hate ? '' 
 `` ah , let 'em . '' 
 i swipe the air , a big dismissive whack . 
 `` i should 've figured there would be one of these groups here . '' 
 `` w-w-why ? '' 
 he actually looks concerned when he says that . 
 `` nothing . 
 it 's just that 's how well my life is going today . '' 
 `` ma-maybe we should reschedule the proce-proce-proce -- '' `` spit it out , man ! '' '' 
 -- should try again later ? '' 
 in a sneer , i say , `` that sounds like a great idea . 
 you do that . '' 
 his eyes still are all concerned when he asks , `` what about you ? '' 
 sigh . 
 all my hints , my tone , my demeanor , whoosh , right over his head . 
 `` naw . '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` i love a good pep rally . '' 
 he stands and stares , a blank , gaping look . 
 `` never mind . 
 it 's just i do n't got much of a choice . '' 
 his head perks up . 
 `` what do you me-me-mean ? '' 
 crap . 
 i really should n't have said that . 
 through a mouthful of ers and ums i say , `` nothing . '' 
 `` oh , co-co-come on . 
 i bet my story is wo-wo-worse . '' 
 he wo n't let me be , will he ? 
 then i get an idea . 
 he wants to know why i 'm here , right ? 
 well , then , i 'll just let him have it . 
 i 'll give him the cold , hard truth . 
 i swivel , stare deep into those glossy pits and say , `` i 'm supposed to be in jail . '' 
 his rattled grin freezes . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` actually , i 'm supposed to turn myself in ... oh ... 42 minutes . '' 
 i can see in his dipping brow his imagination running wild underneath . 
 what had i done ? 
 rob a bank ? 
 kill someone ? 
 tear that tag off my mattress that says do not remove ? 
 unfortunately , it 's nothing all that exciting . 
 but i let him run with it . 
 for a good minute , he does n't open his mouth . 
 for a good minute , it looks like i got my peace and quiet . 
 but then something worse than bad happens . 
 he opens those flaked lips and says , `` well , if you c-c-can stick it out , i-i-i can too . '' 
 figures . 
 we do the centipede shuffle forward . 
 left . 
 stop . 
 right . 
 stop . 
 shuffle . 
 scoot . 
 groan . 
 i can make out the snarls and jeers of the crowd now . 
 two or three dozen conservative working class stiffs -- hair up , buttoned-down , shirts in . 
 tinted grays , wrinkle-free , bland and blimpy -- ordinary working bobs and janes really . 
 well , except for the signs and anger they are holding . 
 a few of them are trying the good samaritan route -- coming up , looking real friendly with big watery eyes , trickling sympathetic sorrow . 
 but most of the crowd takes the easy path -- condemning what they do n't understand , spitting , jeering and shouting . 
 hey , it 's easier to hate . 
 the heads in line stay down . 
 they do n't acknowledge the samaritans . 
 they do n't look at the hecklers . 
 they just eye over their shoelaces . 
 i tell myself to ignore these freaks , these zealots , these unhappy outcasts . 
 inside , my stomach is knotting . 
 as the dozens of protesters stew , a contingent of automated booth guards harrumph up to the crowd . 
 under their spiffy suits of gold and green , i can see that they are recommissioned enforcers . 
 probably from the r10 series by the glint of their silvery skulls . 
 their plated noggins show no configuration of emotion though . 
 but my guess is that they do n't want to be there . 
 hell , i do n't . 
 shuffle , halt , rumble -- the centipede ripples forward . 
 the crowd is too close now . 
 their scent is stale like wet dirt . 
 but now , at least , i 'm closer to the booth . 
 behind the frowns , behind the swell of fists , there it is . 
 as if made out of one huge hunk of pearly , semi-transparent plastoid , the booth glitters like some kind of porcelain shinto shrine . 
 a holy glow radiates from its smooth curves and flowing angles in the false sun . 
 a temple of glitter . 
 a house of glass . 
 along the booth 's crest are the yellow digits of a clock . 
 12:04 . 
 i still got time . 
 or at least i tell myself that . 
 scoot . 
 stop . 
 roar . 
 we are close enough now to be the target of the protestors ' wrath , close enough to feel the spittle . 
 twisted scowls . 
 probing eyes . 
 the instigators begin to pelt us with profanity . 
 `` pussies , '' one screams . 
 `` wackos , '' yells another . 
 `` candy asses , '' someone cries . 
 i shake my head a dozen no 's , but hold my tongue from saying them . 
 a wave of protestors undulates toward our line , threatening to crash against us . 
 a single hand bursts out of the sea to grab me , but a guard whips out a baton and cracks it on the knuckles . 
 finally it looks like they are quieting down . 
 for a second i think they 'll leave us alone . 
 but the way everyone looks back , the way they part like the red sea , the way they pay no attention to me , tells me i 'm wrong . 
 something is coming . 
 something big . 
 thump . 
 the ground shakes . 
 thump . 
 my heart quivers . 
 thump . 
 that opening in the crowd gets wider . 
 in the gap a large shadow moves . 
 in the gap i spot two squinting eyes . 
 that big something is here . 
 a hulking slab of meat emerges from the waves . 
 no neck to his head , no fat to his frame , the single flexed muscle is frowning . 
 twitching , he throbs at every angle . 
 stomping down a thick leather boot , he pushes in front of our line . 
 he completely blocks out the booth . 
 bristling with hair , towering over all , he is probably twice the size of any of us in line . 
 no one in their right mind would want to touch him , and he knows it . 
 `` wonderful , '' i mumble . 
 a booth guard grinds up to him . 
 `` citizen , you can not block the line . '' 
 the bot looks like a dinky tin toy next to the man . 
 and that man , he does n't even bother looking down at it , does n't even speak . 
 he simply stands there . 
 silent . 
 firm . 
 wide . 
 i know the only way this can go is worse . 
 and just that second , it does . 
 from the crowd , a stiff toothpick climbs up to the guy . 
 the toothpick is the kind of bob i could take in an instant . 
 but with mister brick wall standing next to him , i do n't think anyone in this whole crowd would dare even sneeze on him . 
 my neighbor sighs a fetid gale . 
 `` th-they 're not going to let us through . '' 
 for once , i have to agree with him . 
 this does n't look good . 
 `` you must move , citizens , '' the bot whirs . 
 `` this is an obstruction of our services . '' 
 the flesh mountain tilts his head ever so slightly towards the bot . 
 `` someone must stop them , '' he says in a near infrasonic frequency . 
 `` we will not move . '' 
 `` i will use force if necessary , '' the bot whirs . 
 `` do what you must . '' 
 in a slow blink , the man lifts his eyes back to the crowd , back to lids half-raised . 
 that 's when two more hecklers stand up next to him . 
 my throat clenches . 
 my heart pounds . 
 there 's no time for this . 
 but there that mound stands . 
 and here i fume , only yards away from the booth . 
 shit . 
 it 's usually at these stressful moments in life we do something stupid . 
 and well , that 's exactly what i do . 
 with a grunt that comes out more a whimper , i step up to the mountain . 
 just standing in his shadow i get the chills . 
 i look up and see the bottom of his chiseled chin , all hairy and scruff . 
 `` listen buddy , '' i say so choked up that my heart is louder than my words . 
 `` i 've got no beef with any of you . 
 but i kind have got a problem here . 
 i really need to use this booth . 
 in a bit of a hurry , you see . '' 
 the statue does n't move . 
 i do n't even think he can hear me all the way up there . 
 my heart pounds even faster . 
 it ca n't take much more of this . 
 shaking my head , sucking my teeth , all i can do is say , `` whatever . '' 
 i turn back to the line and step-step back . 
 but before i can get back my place , the other dozen bobs behind me close up the gap . 
 jaw dropping , i say , `` come on guys . '' 
 but they just shake their heads , a choreographed troupe of no 's . 
 `` you got to be kidding me . '' 
 the clock now glows 12:17 . 
 my heart , well , it 's pounding so fast , i 'm beginning to shake . 
 `` what the fuck is wrong with all of you ? '' 
 i sneer at the cowards . 
 their eyes dip to the pavement . 
 then i turn to the protestors . 
 i unroll a big finger and aim it at them . 
 `` i 'm just going about my own business , and all of you are here poking your nose in , fucking things up . 
 what has all this got to do with me ? 
 nothing . 
 this is about you . 
 about how this reflects badly on you . 
 it is n't about us . 
 about our well being . 
 you do n't care about any of us . 
 if you truly did , if you ever had , none of us would even need to be in line here . 
 so just let me through , you fucking hypocrites . '' 
 so choked up , so filled with anger , i do the dumbest thing yet . 
 that shaking finger of mine , that wobbling bone wand , i lash it out . 
 i lash it out and poke the mountain in the stomach . 
 suddenly , everyone turns quiet . 
 the centipede creeps back . 
 the protestors , they just stand there . 
 look with pinched eyes . 
 look with clenched fists . 
 a cold , uneasy silence . 
 shit . 
 what i would n't give for a 529 pure turbine plasma pistol right now . 
 the one with the extra melting action . 
 chars at a rate of five people per second . 
 the one man army . 
 ™ tilt-tilt-tilt , i peak up at the mountain . 
 his eyes , the angled , clenched orbs are covered in shadows , covered in wrinkles , covered , but the anger oh so clear . 
 my heart wheezes and stops . 
 silence . 
 i can only pray what 's going to happen wo n't . 
 unfortunately , life is never that user-friendly . 
 from no where , a stone zips through the air . 
 it rips a strip of skin from my cheek . 
 covering the blood , covering the stinging flap of skin , i look out . 
 the faces are quiet . 
 the faces are n't moving . 
 the faces are clenched and showing teeth . 
 then it happens . 
 the crowd explodes in a roar and a blur of fists and feet . 
 the world is turned upside down . 
 handfuls of trash , chunks of cement , everything of everything , is flung through the air . 
 and behind this , the masses rush in . 
 i lose track of the sky , the ground . 
 pain thumps me left and right . 
 a hard something splits my side open , peals back the skin . 
 a crunching gravely thing hammers my hand . 
 the bones snap , shatter , splinter . 
 pulsating and throbbing , i crumple to the pavement . 
 oh shit . 
 oh shit . 
 oh shit . 
 as i clutch my knees , a vibration shivers the asphalt . 
 in a drunken beat , the ground shakes , thump , thump , thump . 
 through the shuffling shoes , past bleeding faces , i see mechanical feet break through the crowd in formation . 
 grunts and grumbles , screams and profanities , the shadows and bodies lift above me . 
 i can feel the clawing hands upon me being ripped away . 
 bodies fly to the concrete and do n't stand up . 
 after a moment i unravel . 
 cracking skulls , silencing voices , using more force than necessary , the guards are controlling the mob . 
 following one last oh shit , i stand . 
 practically no one is left on their feet other than the bots . 
 well , them and one last thug . 
 one last thug flinging something through the air ! 
 that something is a gray chunk of granite . 
 red beams strobe from its cracks and twisted wires as it twirls through the sky . 
 clanking against the door of the asp booth , it thuds to the ground . 
 something on it is beeping . 
 `` bomb , '' someone shrieks . 
 the broken crowd picks itself up and scatters . 
 a dozen screams . 
 a hundred stumbling footfalls . 
 one mess of blurred , bloodied faces . 
 one of the security bots trucks up to the flashing stone . 
 its face plates flip and fold in concentration as it instantly starts to disarm the device . 
 my neighbor tugs at my good arm . 
 i ca n't believe i had n't lost him through what just happened . 
 only i could have this kind of luck . 
 but to be honest , i 'm glad he does n't look hurt . 
 `` are you o-o-ok ? '' 
 he asks . 
 but i 'm too focused on the bot . 
 too focused on the booth . 
 too focused on what this could mean . 
 screech . 
 the bot rises , the cement clump in a shiny claw , light no longer coming from it . 
 `` clear , '' it says . 
 with a bolt of pain shooting from toes to fingers , i stand . 
 through a grimace i beam . 
 `` i 'm great now . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 my neighbor asks . 
 i launch a finger out . 
 `` look . 
 the line is gone . '' 
 in front of us , the centipede has been squashed flat , bodies laying here , others running there , blood and flesh painted throughout . 
 in the distance the booth shines . 
 and no one waits in front of it . 
 `` at least all this nonsense was good for something , '' i say . 
 i spot the clock . 
 it flashes : 12:30 . 
 i still have fifteen minutes ! 
 i slap my neighbor on the shoulder . 
 he flinches in pain , but does n't lose his smile . 
 i look at him and for the first time i really see him . 
 an average bob . 
 looks a lot like me really -- just a guy down on his luck , looking for relief . 
 but just when we think things are going our way , a bot marches up to the booth . 
 `` lock down the area , '' it says . 
 our grins stiffen . 
 `` shut down the booth , '' it says . 
 and now our smiles are covered and gone . 
 *** subliminal encryption *** undesirables . 
 the facts . 
 did you know all inmates become undesirables ? 
 did you know that undesirables can not legally find employment above sector 7 ? 
 did you know that a check will be made on every purchase undesirables make for the rest of their lives ? 
 even for milk ? 
 did you know that it is almost impossible for undesirables to secure housing above sector 10 ? 
 sign up for your procedure . 
 with this , you get the last laugh . 
 with this , no one can control you . 
 visit your asp booth today . 
 brought to you by phoenix preparatory services . 
 *** end *** i limp up to the guard and say , `` you ca n't ! '' 
 `` we must clear this area , citizen , '' it says , tapping something into a hand-sized datapad . 
 `` what ? 
 why ? '' 
 `` someone kamikazed a booth on sector 7 yesterday , '' it says showing more interest in the datapad than me . 
 `` we ca n't have that happening again . 
 the area must first be fully investigated and cleared . '' 
 the clock ticks 12:34 . 
 i probably look like some desperate , raving lunatic when i say , `` but i want a procedure now ! '' 
 the bot does n't even look up . 
 `` i suggest using one of the thirteen other booths on this level . 
 i can gladly direct -- '' `` and wait in another line for an hour ? 
 i ca n't . '' 
 it grinds its eyes toward me . 
 `` i 'm sure we can give a discount if -- `` it has to be done here . 
 now ! '' 
 the bot just gawks . 
 two hollow eyes blink . 
 `` citizen , why is it so important ? '' 
 `` i -- '' ca n't tell you . 
 `` my reasons are my own . '' 
 i march away . 
 step , grumble , sigh . 
 my shoulders drop . 
 then my head . 
 now what ? 
 i flop to my battered bum . 
 looking at the clock , i sigh . 
 only ten minutes left . 
 i should have known this would n't have worked . 
 in a puff of noxious vapors , my neighbor plops down next to me . 
 what i would n't give for an anti-felaxic right now . 
 oh , those pink little poppers . 
 to sooth the pain , to sooth the madness . 
 bliss in a bottle . 
 ™ across the street a woman lounges out of attire de hérétique , cradling a scrawny little dog in her acrylic claws . 
 the pooch covers more of the woman than her new clothes . 
 a smile does n't come to me this time . 
 `` wh-wh-why do n't people protest those saps ? '' 
 says the one next to me . 
 `` cuz they look better than us . '' 
 silence takes over . 
 we sit . 
 i think . 
 he reeks . 
 it 's over . 
 i 've lost . 
 `` there 's one , '' a guard cries in the distance . 
 my head snaps up to see . 
 through the smoke , that big , mountainous thug makes a break for it . 
 but there 's no way he 'll make it . 
 like some kind of mechanical cheetah , three of the bots bolt after him and pounce . 
 in an acrobatic twirling act , all four roll to the pavement , and in nearly the same motion , vault up , the perp locked in the guards ' arms . 
 `` get a black and white down here , asap , '' one says to the gathering guards . 
 `` well , at least the nightcrawlers wo n't have to search for me now . '' 
 but i 'm talking to no one . 
 the sap has already leapt to his feet . 
 in a skip and a stumble he darts over to the booth . 
 he is gone . 
 for no reason . 
 just like that . 
 that simple . 
 funny . 
 i am finally alone . 
 in quiet . 
 unnoticed . 
 what i wanted . 
 right ? 
 sigh . 
 pitter , pitter , pat -- through a curl of smoke , the sap comes trotting back . 
 `` great news , '' he says . 
 `` th-th-they opened up the booth . '' 
 my eyes shoot up towards him . 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` yup . 
 since they ca-ca-caught the guy who threw the bomb , they sa-sa-said they 'll open the booth up for customers . '' 
 he thrusts out a finger . 
 `` i saw some bobs already making a line . '' 
 i whip my eyes toward the booth . 
 there are only three in line . 
 and the clock up top says i 've got five minutes left . 
 i wobble up to my aching feet . 
 `` great . 
 maybe i still got a chance . '' 
 i nearly break out in a smile . 
 `` yeah , '' the sap says . 
 `` all we got to do is ma-ma-make it past their screener . '' 
 my smile flops . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` they 're screening everyone th-th-that goes in . 
 all you got to do is te-te-tell them why you want to use -- '' `` if i do that -- '' i gulp . 
 `` they 're going to tell the nightcrawlers . '' 
 `` just make something up . '' 
 `` those guards are decommissioned enforcers . 
 they 've got built in fmri 's . '' 
 he scrunches up a big dumfounded shrug . 
 `` that means they know when you 're lying , '' i say . 
 `` hell , they 'll probably think i 'm one of those yahoos that started all this mess . '' 
 we both just stand and shake our heads . 
 after a second , i grunt . 
 `` hell . 
 so what if they catch me . 
 i 'm supposed to end up in the clink either way . 
 who cares what the reason 's for . 
 this is my only chance not to . '' 
 we step up to the line , my neighbor shielding me from the guard . 
 digital grunts and soft mumbles come from the bot and bob in front of us . 
 behind them , smoke wafts up through the long slitted windows wrapped around the top of the booth . 
 the clock up top reads : 12:41 . 
 buzz . 
 the bot is done . 
 ding . 
 it steps up to my neighbor . 
 damn , it 's tall . 
 figures we 'd get the ultra-intimidator model . 
 `` what is your purpose here , citizen ? '' 
 it asks . 
 it takes my pal a good minute to work through a knot of syllables and spit out an answer . 
 i ca n't quite make out what he says , but the bot seems to have no problem . 
 all the plates on its face are pushed into place , a blank silver skull . 
 `` alright . 
 next , '' it says , nudging him forward . 
 it stomps up to me . 
 it 's all rigid , a stiff inquisitor . 
 a set of red glowing eyes leer down at me . 
 i squirm like under a spotlight . 
 `` what is your purpose here , citizen ? '' 
 it asks . 
 `` you saw me in line . '' 
 i hold in a shudder . 
 `` i 'm not a protestor . '' 
 `` you must prove your intention . '' 
 `` is this questioning really necessary ? 
 scan me . 
 you can see i have nothing on me . '' 
 `` why do you wish to have a procedure performed today , citizen ? '' 
 the plates on its face clink , clank and tilt into a frown . 
 it 's lost its allotted limit of patience . 
 `` i. . . '' 
 i just ca n't say it . 
 the bot crunches a metal foot in front of me . 
 it leans in close enough for me to get a nostril-full of oil fumes . 
 it says , `` i can not let you in otherwise , citizen . '' 
 it stares . 
 waits . 
 frowns . 
 a siren breaks the silence , a whirring , whining wail . 
 i turn . 
 a flashing black and white cruiser hovers down , its jets hissing as they hit the pavement . 
 i look back at my bot . 
 it has n't moved an inch . 
 it 's either now or never . 
 i close my eyes and say it . 
 `` i 've been given a 3fd3 municipal sentence . 
 this is my only way out . '' 
 the bot is silent . 
 the silence of judgment . 
 shit . 
 suddenly it leans in . 
 `` sir , that sentence is only a month 's detention . '' 
 `` yeah , but all inmate 's are marked undesirable . '' 
 `` citizen , you are mistaken . 
 only 10 % of inmates are -- '' `` no . 
 i 've heard what happens . 
 i 've seen the ads . 
 i know . 
 and you do n't know what being marked an undesirable means . '' 
 the bot 's blank stare says that i 'm right . 
 its lack of movement says that it does n't care . 
 `` that means i can not legally find employment above sector 7 . '' 
 the bot stares , still hunched over me . 
 `` that means i 'll have a check run on me even when i go to the shop to buy milk . '' 
 i get nothing . 
 `` that means my life will be over . 
 the way i 've known will be gone . 
 you work for them . 
 you must know all of this . 
 this is my only way out . 
 you got to let me through . 
 i need this . '' 
 the bot springs back to its firm stance . 
 `` i see , citizen , '' it says . 
 `` one moment please . '' 
 the bot stands there all stiff , eyes starring out at nothing . 
 motionless . 
 silent . 
 humming . 
 is it processing ? 
 or notifying the enforcers ? 
 like that big one right over there . 
 in the distance , past the group of guards , past that cowering thug , an enforcer caped in black stomps out of the cruiser . 
 its plated skull , the large silver slabs , are angled in a angry scowl , a mix of some kind of samurai and skeleton . 
 it slams down the other foot . 
 is it coming towards me ? 
 yes . 
 it 's taking another step this way . 
 but the guard , it 's still just standing there . 
 a computing statue . 
 the world 's largest paperweight . 
 and i just stand here , aching like i was hit by a rig , and stewing in my own sweat . 
 what i would n't give right now for a personal air pack 7g . 
 zero to splat in under four seconds . 
 get out of anywhere in a blast . 
 ™ the ground shakes as the enforcer takes another clomp closer . 
 it raises two burning green eyes straight at me . 
 shit . 
 my heart gets lodged somewhere around my uvula . 
 i 'm caught . 
 the second before i scream , the guard flinches . 
 and thank god , because of that i stop . 
 in a rattling vibration , the guard says , `` i 'm convinced you are n't one of the protestors . 
 you may enter . '' 
 i whip back to the enforcer . 
 its stare turns away , turns right towards the thug . 
 it slaps a shiny pair of cuffs on him . 
 a long sigh dribbles out my lips . 
 my entire body shrivels and shrinks -- i deflate all the anxiety ; i hiss away all the nerves . 
 finally , i feel peace . 
 finally , something is going right today . 
 i step behind my neighbor . 
 in silence we stand . 
 in a hush we wait . 
 we are almost there . 
 the last bob in front of us tap-tap-taps into the booth . 
 the door hisses shut . 
 no one is left in line . 
 and the clock reads 12:45 . 
 i smile . 
 `` looks like you 're next . '' 
 i pat my friend on the back . 
 right then a well-endowed woman strolls by in her new attire , or actually , lack thereof . 
 her uncovered mammaries flap as she passes , their undulation almost hypnotic . 
 perfect timing . 
 boobies just when we need them . 
 my neighbor rattles his head , no . 
 `` p-p-people are n't aware of how far they are gone . '' 
 i 'm actually glad to hear his nasally voice . 
 `` they think this is what they need be-be-because someone tells them so-so-so . 
 then cuz they do it , others think it 's no-no-normal . 
 before you know it , everyone 's na-na-naked , paying good money literally for nothing . 
 but none of us complain cuz , well -- '' `` we 're all happy , '' i say , eyes locked on those bouncing , wobbling wonders . 
 `` exactly . 
 everyone 's hypnotized . 
 and it 's all because someone is just ba-ba-banking off of their insecurities . 
 poor blind sa-sa-saps . '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` i guess the need to make cash can make anything ok , eh ? '' 
 in an awkward twitch , his lips curl open . 
 then he says something i thought i 'd never hear . 
 `` but i guess i can admit it . 
 they do-do-do make nice eye candy . '' 
 for a good second , i stand and gawk at him . 
 this bob 's not such a sap after all . 
 i guess everyones ' nerves come out in different ways . 
 some just condemn . 
 the clock buzzes to 12:46 . 
 a minute over . 
 and that enforcer is lifting off in its cruiser . 
 going , going , gone . 
 i 'm free . 
 nothing can stop me now . 
 i turn to my neighbor and smile . 
 big . 
 white . 
 true . 
 `` thank you , '' i say . 
 `` what for ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 talking just ... was good . '' 
 he grins back . 
 `` for me too . 
 it was good to see someone getting a procedure for the same reason , '' he says , crystal clear . 
 wait , that would make him destined for the clink too . 
 i would have never thought it . 
 that crumple of paper could do something bad ? 
 i guess i never really was a good judge of character . 
 the door of the booth slips open . 
 `` you 're up , '' i say . 
 `` good luck on your procedure , '' he says in an untied tongue . 
 it hits me right about then . 
 what happened to his stutter ? 
 a frown comes over me . 
 who is this guy , really ? 
 i eye him over . 
 this bob , this conservative nut . 
 condemns every jane bobbling on the street . 
 is capable of doing something bad enough to go to the clink . 
 is pretending to be something he 's not . 
 shit , he sounds like one of those -- no ... a chill bolts through me . 
 every pore raises in unison . 
 my heart trembles out shriveled muffles . 
 this bob is going to kamikaze this thing . 
 my heart practically stops . 
 the sap 's back is already turned . 
 it 's too late . 
 there 's nothing i can do . 
 thunk , he steps towards the booth . 
 thunk , my heart drops . 
 thunk , the door slides shut behind him . 
 a hush , a dead calm . 
 the birds chirp happily through it , sing in the pseudo-sun . 
 in my head , silence echoes hollow . 
 puff . 
 a stream of smoke drifts out of the booth 's windows . 
 puff . 
 it lifts slow , light , thin . 
 puff . 
 it 's just the normal kind . 
 relief slips through my lips . 
 i almost smile . 
 i breath . 
 despite whatever this damn world 's thrown at me , i 'm getting what i want . 
 then the door to the booth whooshes open . 
 silence . 
 the booth waits . 
 it looms in this peace . 
 it dominates in this calm . 
 no more excitement . 
 no more rush . 
 no more distractions . 
 now , i 'm at oblivion 's door . 
 now , it is my turn . 
 i gulp and look around . 
 `` no more naked bodies to save us , '' i say trying to open a sad simper . 
 but no one is listening . 
 my neighbor is no longer there . 
 what i would n't give for a ritswald time slipper right about now . 
 go back . 
 make this all right . 
 take back stealing those woebegones . 
 take back nicking that 529 pure turbine . 
 take back taking that takemura cam-plant , those anti-felaxics and all those things i somehow really , really needed . 
 those things i could n't live without . 
 the reason i 've been ordered to the clink . 
 oh , but wait . 
 they have n't invented time slippers yet . 
 damn . 
 i step in . 
 inside , the pallid room is empty . 
 inside , the air feels sterile , a crisp , chilled cloud . 
 a large relief of a phoenix is carved on the entire face of the shiny wall . 
 the rest of the pearly surfaces are barren . 
 empty . 
 blank . 
 a small plastoid chair is centered in the middle of the spacious cube . 
 i sit . 
 the door whirrs shut behind me . 
 the only thing in the room is a small terminal dangling in front of me . 
 on it , drawings and a message flash : begin ? 
 following a diagram on the screen , i take a small cable off the terminal and plug its electrode onto a vein . 
 `` yes , '' i speak to the screen . 
 it changes to : enter payment details . 
 i swipe my hand over the r1317 chip reader . 
 the screen buzzes a new message : are you sure about this procedure today ? 
 sure ? 
 hell yes ! 
 with this , i get the last laugh . 
 with this , no one can control me . 
 for a second i stop . 
 for a second those words sound familiar . 
 where had i heard that before ? 
 i shrug . 
 it does n't matter . 
 so i say , `` yes . '' 
 i suck in a long , cool breath . 
 `` well , this is it . '' 
 my mind is blank . 
 quiet . 
 finally . 
 no more thoughts . 
 no more fear . 
 just blissful nothingness . 
 peace . 
 the screen flashes : `` beginning assisted suicide procedure . '' 
 almost over . 
 but my life is n't flashing before my eyes . 
 only a bunch of commercials . 
 the levitator i had . 
 the shirt i bought . 
 the dream vacation i wanted . 
 when are we going to get to the main feature ? 
 it 's not like i got all day here . 
 pop . 
 it all stops . 
 focuses . 
 an image of giant flapping breasts . 
 i smile . 
 ah , fashion . 
 the boobs . 
 hypnotized . 
 mesmerized . 
 do n't even know they are naked . 
 god bless 'em . 
 final words ? 
 the screen flashes . 
 i think . 
 i sit . 
 the mammaries continue to bounce . 
 `` least no one 's ever going to hypnotize me into lining their pockets ! '' 
 and poof i 'm -- transmission terminated . 
 end r1317 data recorder logs brought to you by phoenix preparatory services visit your asp booth today *** end *** the citizens were distracted . 
 they were so convinced that this place they lived was paradise , that these rights they had were ` freedom , ' that they did not know what they were truly doing . 
 and like bob and franz , this would not be the last we see of this nameless man . 
 for if this man did not kill himself , the incident may have never taken place . 
 - nh if i had it my way , i 'd step up to this table , put all these organics in cuffs , and drill them one by one . 
 because somewhere here , i have what i 'm looking for -- the spy . 
 but i can not . 
 i must follow orders . 
 and while i may not be one of those new pinnacles of cybernetic law enforcement , i am still an enforcer . 
 i have a protocol to uphold . 
 so like this , with the product meeting already underway , with my orders to look but not touch , all i can do is listen . 
 what a stellar last assignment . 
 i reach for my built-in audio amplifier , but this damned suit collar is two inches too tall . 
 in every smooth seem , under every sleek stitch , it 's clear this monkey suit was n't made for a century old , virus-infected , gear-grinding r3 unit like me . 
 this bulky frame of mine is better fitted to the faded blue and gold greatcoats of decades past . 
 literally . 
 not this black on black ss uniform by armani . 
 with this getup , i look like a bad idea . 
 finally wrenching the collar down , i flip open my imbedded receiver gills and initiate the amplifier . 
 in a tornado of consonants and vowels , all the conversations in the echoing conference arena whirl into a verbal salad . 
 `` despite the loss of one shipment , everything is going as scheduled . '' 
 `` i do n't know how peter is handling this . '' 
 `` this new revision will put us back in control of the market . '' 
 who is speaking , what is being talked about , i 'm not really sure . 
 at the moment , though , none of it seems important . 
 just a dozen stiffs in suits whispering a dozen hidden agendas . 
 i have no idea how i 'm supposed to be able to hear our tell in all this . 
 a sigh of co2 slips through my vents . 
 in my 127 years , i 've run too many mental simulations to count of coming up to this place , to the top of new babel , to the top of this supposed paradise . 
 and this is what sector one turns out to be -- just a bland conference arena filled with bickering old men in suits ? 
 i have to say , in my five minutes here , i 've already had my fill of heaven . 
 in the distance , past the skylight shimmering down in the darkness , past those suits under it , i spot my partner , crouched , half in the shadows on the other side of the arena . 
 now , he is one of those cybernetic pinnacles . 
 an r17 . 
 smooth chrome , nose-less face -- - like a debeaked falcon . 
 a bullet with eyes . 
 so streamlined it makes my dents ache . 
 even the stupid uniform suits him . 
 `` r17 , '' i say through my internal wireless . 
 `` i said stay in the shadows . '' 
 he scoots a foot back . 
 `` captain , '' r17 radios in his pitch-perfect , user-friendly tone . 
 `` i can not compute how we are to conduct a proper investigation during the meeting . '' 
 his factory-fresh impeccability comes in a little too loud and clear for my taste . 
 dialing the frequency down a notch with a thought , i shrug . 
 `` these are our parameters , inspector . '' 
 `` could you inform me then , sir , how we are going to maneuver anyone in to saying the tell if we can not let anyone know we are here ? '' 
 `` someone 's sure to say it . '' 
 `` just who is going to say d-death ? 
 sir . '' 
 it 's a good question . 
 one i ca n't answer . 
 all central intelligence told me was that with each hack the spy makes , he leaves a digital imprint , a signature . 
 d-death . 
 the only other thing they knew was that his title is a play on how he apparently ca n't say it . 
 a psychogenic disorder disabling him from saying that specific word , but more importantly , a sign he 's a stutterer . 
 all i know is that they sure knew a whole lot of nothing for a department with the word `` intelligence '' in the title . 
 `` inspector , i never said this was a good job . 
 but it is what we were made for . 
 now start monitoring . '' 
 through the statistical dribble , my attention is drawn to the last words of a hoary , hulking man . 
 `` ... and with the rev182 , the pox will be back under control . 
 and the masses of sector 5 will eat it up . 
 with this , those middle class drones will be in line once again . '' 
 at those final words , he sucks in a massive breath ; his metallic body barely fits into his pinstriped suit as it expands . 
 in that brief moment of silence , his bald brow -- old and angled , yet surprisingly wrinkle free -- leers at the others around the table . 
 he is obviously the kingpin of this crowd . 
 scanning his mechanical physique rolls his records into my vision . 
 sector 4 . 
 minister of marketing . 
 abaddon hertz . 
 a pioneer in free world trade laws . 
 responsible for what new babel is today -- the corporate-franchise government , the formation of the core ruling body that sits here , the sector-upon-sector city structure -- the very reason a corporation was able to even make a city . 
 and that body of his , well , there really is n't much organic left -- 67 % of it has been replaced with proxies and bio-organic augs . 
 and at the age of 151 , he does n't show any signs of slowing down . 
 i guess some people never want to die . 
 i clear the data , but before it 's gone , something tingles my circuits . 
 with a buzz , the stats freeze . 
 in a pop , so does everything else . 
 panicking , i try a dozen routines , but none of my systems respond . 
 i try standing , but realize my body is n't listening either . 
 only after big red text starts to flash in my vision do i understand what 's happening . 
 `` infected systems suppressed . 
 rerouting array . '' 
 damn . 
 i had forgotten about that virus-infected part . 
 my anti-virus inhibitors have been scanning my systems for the past two days but still ca n't find this latest bug . 
 this outdated wetware of mine just ca n't keep up any more . 
 with a new infection every week , it takes half a way week to find it . 
 guess it is n't a wonder why this is my last mission . 
 with a blink , everything is back in focus , everything is back in place . 
 for now at least . 
 `` only yo-you could have pu-put it so gracefully , mi-minister , '' someone says . 
 a stutter . 
 i lock my eyes on r17 and transmit , `` it could n't be that easy -- '' but i do n't even have time to finish as both r17 and i pivot to the voice . 
 on the distant end of that table , the stuttering man raises a goblet and says , `` ch-cheers . '' 
 man , however , might be too liberal a word for him . 
 the rolls of fat sagging from his face are the only flesh to him . 
 a metallic neck , a shaft body , track roller base , flimsy carbon arms -- that 's the rest of him . 
 his bio-scan results roll into my vision . 
 ciacco sporco . 
 minister of product control . 
 sector 4 . 
 he received this position 30 years prior . 
 his father was the previous minister . 
 he lost his body to obesity three years later . 
 that explains his appearance . 
 the 12 scathing performance reviews also tell me he is a bit of a lout . 
 a bumbling buffoon . 
 i guess that explains the stutter . 
 `` a simple choice , sir , '' r17 broadcasts . 
 `` mission accomplished . '' 
 `` no . 
 things are never that cut-and-dry , '' i signal back . 
 `` there is an 83 % probability it is him , sir . '' 
 `` i 've been doing this job for a short while now , inspector . 
 that experience says it wo n't be that simple . '' 
 r17 turns his glinting skull toward me . 
 `` sir , with all due respect . 
 my calculations are flawless . 
 i have revision 28473 installed . 
 i have acquired the latest collated data , the newest amendments to all statutes of the law , all compiled analyses , data and precautionary revisions from each model before me . 
 all superior updates . 
 my projections are infallible . 
 sir . '' 
 it 's hard to suppress my laugh cycle , but i do . 
 `` just humor an old bot , inspector . '' 
 `` sir ? '' 
 `` we will wait for now . '' 
 `` sir . 
 it is your prerogative . '' 
 all i can do is run my 3.14 smile routine . 
 i can never get used to these newer r-series models and their modified behavioral matrices . 
 up until the r10 's , enforcers had so much more insight because of our self-developed personality systems and emotion protocol . 
 it allowed better deductions and insight into the criminal mind . 
 but central intelligence said it made us difficult to control . 
 they said it made us over-opinionated . 
 so the core made improved models . 
 like this r17 . 
 emotion emended , personality expunged , humor extinguished . 
 superior my metal ass . 
 a young man rises from mid-table , dripping sweat . 
 `` excuse me , ministers . 
 may i have the floor ? '' 
 the minister of marketing grunts . 
 `` you do n't have to ask , minister . '' 
 i bring up the records on the fledgling administrator . 
 peter lester . 
 minister of design . 
 only 30 years old ? 
 that 's incredibly fresh-faced for anyone at this table . 
 he started the position a week ago . 
 the previous minister of design died of a heart attack . 
 very odd . 
 he was a two time tribeca marathon champion . 
 this lester had been his assistant . 
 an average worker from sector 5 . 
 he was thrown in to the ministerial pool at the last second . 
 interesting . 
 the minister of design then starts reciting statistics . 
 i know it 's of no use to my investigation , though . 
 none of this is . 
 all this data . 
 this whole assignment even . 
 i then have an out of processor moment -- what am i doing here ? 
 i mean , really . 
 i was designed to be a beat cop , to patrol sector 5 . 
 with a 25 year run , tops . 
 not to be some three-striped captain sitting behind a desk , used only as a nursemaid for corporate dogs a century later . 
 somehow , i lasted longer than the other enforcers . 
 somehow , i 've wound up doing nonsense like this . 
 i shake my head . 
 i 've no time for sentiment . 
 i have orders to fulfill . 
 i scan the rest of the suspects . 
 the closed-mouth organic on the far end of the table is the minister of development , a rep for sector 15 . 
 by his smooth scalp , his clear , unwrinkled skin , his handmade suit , he can only be a pure-flesh -- those technophobic purists . 
 but his records show that 52 % of his body consists of augs and proxies . 
 he is obviously trying to be something he is not . 
 the man next to him is the minister of research . 
 from sector 3 , he truly is a pure-flesh . 
 in his 52 years , he does n't have a single record of implantation or even nanobot injection . 
 his tightly combed weave , his perfectly trimmed manicures , his evenly etched face -- everything perfected to a shine . 
 making a final scan of the room , my sensors go over all the assistants . 
 two to a minister , standing at their master 's back , none of their data is useful . 
 other than them , there is no one . 
 no one except the three figures sitting against a far wall , in the dark . 
 the silent organics on the ends are ceo 's , nameless men , records blocked , faces censored , lives non-existent . 
 the one on the throne in the center , however , i recognize without a scan . 
 he is the prime minister of new babel , alaric van geldgier . 
 sitting quietly , thoughtfully , his hands are steepled together against his chin , his hair shimmering red , black and yellow in stray rays of light . 
 the withered lower half of his corpse-like body is enclosed in a pellucid portable life support unit . 
 gusts of frigid fumes spew out of its grilled vents . 
 all three of these men are beyond my reach in law . 
 but being the masters of new babel , it does n't matter if any of them were spies . 
 all of this , all of us , is their property anyway . 
 pivoting back to the table , i soak in the congregation in an occultic last supper portrait . 
 one of these men is the spy . 
 one of these men is judas among judas ' . 
 i just have to figure out who . 
 and get him to say our tell . 
 unfortunately , before i can even rise to my feet , before i can even initiate step one of my plan -- clank -- everything goes black . 
 internal error in the reflection of the thick lift windows , my nicked metal mug blinks back . 
 what 's happening ? 
 my mouth moves . 
 `` we 've been granted the use of immediate lethal force , inspector . '' 
 these words are familar . 
 but while i 'm saying them , i 'm not choosing them . 
 `` sir ? '' 
 r17 says from the other side of the sector lift . 
 the sector lift ? 
 the same one we took before we got to the product meeting . 
 then i figure it out -- this happened 53 minutes ago . 
 this is a memory . 
 `` standard investigative protocol , '' my mouth says . 
 `` the longer the spy is present , the more vital information will be vulnerable . 
 so in other words , we 've been given orders to shoot first and ask questions later . '' 
 r17 's face plates reconfigure in surprise . 
 `` and these measures are necessary for something as trivial as preventing someone from getting a peek at new babel 's fall lineup ? '' 
 `` welcome to the world of corporate espionage , inspector . '' 
 looking at myself like this , it 's hard not to wonder when i became so perfunctory . 
 `` our main obstacle is , '' i say , `` we have no idea when the meeting is being held . '' 
 `` sir ? '' 
 my co2 buildup vents . 
 `` to make an understatement , the ministers of new babel have been little help to our investigation . 
 they think all is below them -- the pox outbreak , the recent protests , even us . 
 they do n't realize that the very reason they do n't need physical protection on the upper sectors is because we do all that work down here . 
 but this time , someone got through . 
 this spy , this d-death . 
 somehow he is posing as one of them . 
 but they do n't seem to care . 
 they did n't respond when we told them this spy is from an activist group , probably from one of these very protest groups . 
 they did n't even reply when we told them that we believe he is out to broadcast their secrets . 
 they care only about their meetings . 
 their next quarter . '' 
 `` then why are we doing this , sir ? '' 
 `` it is our protocol , inspector . 
 to serve and obey . 
 so we have to do something . 
 one thing you will learn , inspector -- no matter how outlandish the order , we must follow it . '' 
 did i really say that ? 
 `` unfortunately , '' i continue , `` it wo n't be that easy . 
 we ca n't go parading ourselves around up there . 
 politicians and the law do n't mix well . 
 especially these upper level kind . 
 under normal circumstances enforcers are n't allowed on the upper sections . 
 no one from the lower levels are . '' 
 `` i am confident there will be no issues that we can not surmount , sir . '' 
 i pause as my eyebrow flips up . 
 `` you are , are you ? '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 with your experience and my programming , i am positive there will be little issue . 
 we will be swift . 
 we will be severe . 
 we will send a message , sir . '' 
 it 's strange seeing this all again , through passive eyes . 
 through them , i realize so much i did n't before . 
 for one , this is probably the inspector 's first mission . 
 the rigidity , the single processor thinking , the naivety -- he 's just like i was on mine . 
 113 years ago . 
 the lift suddenly winks dark . 
 above us , the roots of sector 1 intertwine with the horizon , weaving a metal ceiling to the skies of sector 2 . 
 we slip into it , into complete darkness , into a hollow silence . 
 the lift lights blink on and my mouth gives a final command . 
 `` remember , just follow my lead , inspector . 
 do n't take any action without consulting me . '' 
 then glancing out the window , i say , `` we 're here . '' 
 gliding to a stop , the lift hisses into its dock and the doors whisk open . 
 a plume of frigged air curls in . 
 in the distance , at the end of the empty oval conference arena , under a shimmering skylight , is a conference table surrounded by suits . 
 my head shakes . 
 `` you 've got to be kidding . '' 
 `` sir ? '' 
 r17 asks . 
 `` this is the product meeting . 
 it has already begun . '' 
 internal error crack . 
 static . 
 darkness . 
 then the big red text begins . 
 infected memories suppressed . 
 rerouting array . 
 in a pop of color , i 'm back . 
 back in the now . 
 back to the conference arena . 
 i shake my head and i have control once again . 
 damn virus . 
 2.3 seconds wasted . 
 guard compromised . 
 focus broken . 
 unfortunately , virus or not , i have a duty to uphold . 
 and right now , i have to get all of these organics to say the tell . 
 the minister of design slips into his seat and the room fills with silence . 
 in the lull , my audio amplifier picks up a dozen muffled commands . 
 one phrase catches my attention -- `` can you give me a copy of the 555w ? '' 
 turning toward the source , i spot one of the minister of finance 's twiggy assistants nod to the other and say , `` ok , i 'll go get it . '' 
 that 's when i get an idea . 
 `` r17 , '' i transmit , `` keep monitoring the ministers . '' 
 `` sir ? '' 
 i look at him in the shadows and say , `` i 'll be right back , '' and slink away . 
 in the distance , the assistant scurries into the shadows and i creep after . 
 on the edge of the arena , the bald gofer exits through an arched doorway . 
 i follow without a sound . 
 stepping into a spherical utility center , i slip up to the assistant as he pushes through chin-high stacks of a mailable projected mainframe interface . 
 from the tactile sea of data , he slips out a 555w form . 
 `` excuse me , '' i say , extra loud . 
 his fingers jitter as he spins around . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 he says , eyes big , hands barely wrapped around the form . 
 `` i am captain 0032 of new babel city police , internal review , sub-branch 3 . '' 
 he pulls a shaking foot back . 
 `` how on earth did you get up here ? '' 
 `` upon request . '' 
 `` soon they 'll be letting organ dealers and who knows what else up here if enforcers can get through . '' 
 `` here is my clearance , citizen , '' i say as i fish out a clear datapad from a pocket and hold it up . 
 suspicion ripples his temple as he scans over the pad . 
 `` ok . 
 so ... '' `` before we begin , citizen , i must perform a test . '' 
 on my data pad , i clear my orders from the screen and bring up new text . 
 `` please read this word , '' i say . 
 he cranks a scowl at me . 
 `` is this a joke ? '' 
 `` most certainly not . '' 
 spittle flies as he scoffs . 
 `` why should i -- '' `` just say the word , '' i say ten decibels louder . 
 `` fine ! 
 death ! '' 
 i slide the pad into a pocket and snap the button flap shut . 
 `` thank you . 
 it appears that you are not who we are looking for . '' 
 `` you are crazy , '' he says , face red , veins bulging . 
 `` now . 
 i need your assistance . '' 
 he shakes that tomato head of his . 
 `` you must be malfunctioning . '' 
 `` it is of the utmost importance , citizen . '' 
 `` for what ? '' 
 `` i 'm not at liberty to say . 
 but i will tell you this . 
 it is necessary to uphold the integrity of this meeting . '' 
 `` there 's no way i 'm going to assist an enforcer . '' 
 `` citizen , it is -- '' `` no . 
 i could lose my job just for talking to you . '' 
 he continues to wag his head . 
 he continues to resist . 
 but i have been through this a thousand times . 
 and i know what will work on a sheltered citizen like this . 
 `` that may be so , citizen . 
 but you could also be summoned for questioning down on sector 5 . '' 
 as if the words were physically jabbing him , he rears back , straight and stiff . 
 `` but since we are overbooked with pox infected crims , it 's more likely you 'll be put in a holding cell on sector 7 . '' 
 his skin turns a noticeable shade of pale . 
 `` you ca n't touch me . 
 i 'm -- '' `` obstructing an investigation . 
 a federal offense . 
 questioning for such an offense has been known to last for the entire legal limit of detainment regulations . '' 
 he pinches his lips into a white seam and squirms . 
 `` a month ? '' 
 he 's about ready to crack . 
 `` yes . 
 but do n't worry . 
 the cells on sector 7 are very clean . 
 they are washed thoroughly after an inmate murder-kill . '' 
 i spot a gulp get caught in his throat . 
 `` and those happen daily , '' i continue , `` so the cells are very clean . '' 
 his head looks like a cooked sausage ready to burst . 
 `` oh , '' i add . 
 `` but that 's not to say that will happen to you . 
 inmate murder-kills only happen to , oh , one in three . 
 so -- '' `` ok . 
 ok . '' 
 his eyes look like badly boiled eggs . 
 sweat and tears cover almost every inch of cringing face . 
 he is hooked . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 `` all i need is for you to get members of the committee to say a single word . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` death , '' a voice says . 
 we both freeze . 
 i turn . 
 r17 is behind me . 
 `` why have you left your post , inspector ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` sir , you were not responding to messaging . '' 
 i spin my logs through my vision . 
 damn . 
 there they are . 
 two audio transmissions , undelivered , on the list waiting for the anti-virus inhibitor scan . 
 blasted wetware . 
 i fix it so that wo n't happen again . 
 `` sorry , inspector , '' i say , focusing back on r17 . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` something is taking place that i think you should observe . '' 
 `` understood . '' 
 i turn to the assistant . 
 `` now , do you understand ? '' 
 i lean in and flip my face plates to an arrangement 32 scowl . 
 he inches back . 
 `` how am i supposed to get people to say that ? '' 
 i lean closer . 
 `` it does n't matter . 
 just get as many people as possible to say it . 
 it is imperative to the safety of this meeting . 
 and we will be listening . 
 understood ? '' 
 he nods a clenched face . 
 it 's good enough . 
 i exit the room after r17 . 
 `` that is your strategy , sir ? '' 
 r17 says . 
 `` yes . 
 it is . 
 your tone tells me you have a problem with that , inspector . '' 
 i can see the controlled demeanor of r17 crumbling ; his streamlined stance is hunched and tilted . 
 that corrupted memory has made it so clear now . 
 only someone whose paint is so fresh could have difficulty thinking outside of proper tactics , only someone who has n't been pushed around for decades . 
 `` sir , no , sir . 
 i just can not compute why i am here , sir , if everything is accomplished without me . '' 
 that 's when i decide to let him know the truth . 
 `` r17 , the real reason you were summoned to this investigation is to ... '' for a second , i ca n't say it . 
 for a second , it 's too humiliating to admit . 
 then it slips out . '' 
 ... replace me . '' 
 `` sir ? '' 
 `` this is my final mission . 
 after a hundred and twenty seven years of service , tomorrow i 'm being commissioned for retirement . '' 
 `` retirement ? '' 
 for a second , i ca n't say anything . 
 for a second , i ca n't even get past the word . 
 retirement , the only thing in this world that can cripple all -- men , machines and monarchs . 
 `` yes , inspector . '' 
 r17 springs back as stiff as a circuit board . 
 his face configures rigid and proper . 
 `` it is an honor to fill such a role , sir . 
 it is an honor to accompany you on your last active duty . '' 
 last active duty ? 
 just hearing the words make my circuits run hot . 
 an enforcer is n't meant to go out this way . 
 an enforcer is n't meant to last this long . 
 we are supposed to go down guns blazing , a sacrifice for justice , a true hero . 
 protecting the people by fulfilling our damned primary protocol : serve , obey -- - your purpose . 
 but here i stand . 
 alive . 
 unfulfilled . 
 a century old . 
 i guess it is n't so easy to find that sparkling ray of purity to die for when the world is so filled with gray . 
 `` thank you , inspector . '' 
 we step back into our shield of darkness and i ask , `` what was it you wanted me to observe , inspector ? '' 
 `` there . '' 
 he angles a chrome finger towards the table . 
 an argument is underway . 
 on one end of the table the minister of design looks like a whipped dog . 
 on the other , the minister of marketing is howling , his face so red and veined , it looks like it is about to pop off . '' 
 -- we are n't making products out of kindness or for nostalgia , minister . 
 this is business . 
 this is government . 
 this is money . '' 
 the minister of marketing plops into his chair with a harrumph . 
 the room turns taciturn . 
 the argument is over . 
 `` sir , '' r17 says . 
 `` we have missed it . '' 
 the minister of design slips into his seat without a sound , his face flushed , his demeanor beaten . 
 r17 continues . 
 `` the minister of design started this . 
 asking questions . 
 very naive ones . 
 almost as if attempting to get the other ministers to explain their process . 
 it 's suspicious , sir . '' 
 `` just what a spy would do , '' i say . 
 `` gathering evidence . '' 
 `` there is a high probability it is him , sir . '' 
 `` you could be right , inspector . '' 
 in the hush , as assistants shuffle data pads , our mole slinks back into place . 
 `` now we 'll see if he 'll really go through with it , '' i whisper . 
 the assistant slumps , contemptuous wrinkles ridging his brow . 
 for a moment , he stands muted and mutinous . 
 for a moment , i 'm sure he wo n't do it . 
 then his eyes spot me in the shadows . 
 i shake my head . 
 his eyes squint . 
 i shake my head again . 
 he gets the message . 
 a sigh seeps through his clamped lips and he turns to the assistant next to him . 
 `` hey , phil , '' he starts . 
 `` oh , hey , tom . 
 did you get that 555w ? '' 
 `` in a minute . 
 got a quick question . '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 `` what 's this word scribbled in this letter ? '' 
 he pulls a data pad from a shirt pocket and shows him . 
 `` i ca n't quite make it out . '' 
 `` oh . 
 hmm . 
 looks kind of like death . '' 
 `` ah , that 's it . 
 thanks . '' 
 `` sure . 
 now , that 555w . '' 
 r17 turns to me . 
 `` it appears you were right , sir . '' 
 `` i chose the right man , '' i say and run the 3.14 smile routine . 
 it had been decades since i actually ran that routine twice in a single day . 
 `` this might be easier than i thought . '' 
 that 's when i realize i spoke too soon . 
 the mole flashes his eyes back at me . 
 in them , the sparkles say , `` there ! 
 i did it . 
 satisfied ? '' 
 i shake my head , eyes focused . 
 my sparkle says , `` you are n't done yet . '' 
 for a moment , silence . 
 for a moment , he is a statue . 
 for a moment , he is n't going to do it . 
 the minister of design then turns toward him . 
 `` tom , '' he says . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 says the mole . 
 `` can you give me the forecast reports on the rev182 ? '' 
 `` oh , sure . '' 
 now is the deciding moment . 
 now is his chance . 
 now ! 
 his hand reaches for the data pad . 
 his fingers grace the edge . 
 slide . 
 slide . 
 stop . 
 in a shiver , they dart to another stack and give them to the minister . 
 `` thanks , '' the minister says . 
 `` sure . '' 
 our mole slips behind the minister 's throne . 
 the shadows wash over him . 
 he thinks he is invisible . 
 my eyes , however , see him all too clear . 
 glaring at me , he notices the frown configured on my face . 
 he sways his head , no . 
 my forehead furrows further . 
 he snaps his eyes shut . 
 lines fan from the clenches . 
 he 's stopped ! 
 he 's not going to do it . 
 now i -- through his pinched lips a sigh slips out . 
 he then leans in towards the minister . 
 `` sir ? '' 
 he says . 
 the minister of design turns . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` could you tell me what is written here ? '' 
 he grasps the data pad and hands it to the minister . 
 `` i ca n't quite make it out . '' 
 the minister squints at the pad . 
 `` hmm . 
 i ca n't tell . '' 
 `` i think that 's a d there . 
 and maybe an e next . '' 
 `` oh , um -- '' his compressed lips release and head jerks back . 
 he 's figured it out . 
 but nothing happens . 
 he does n't say anything . 
 he just turns to his assistant in silence . 
 `` he wo n't say it , '' i mutter . 
 the minister hands back the pad . 
 `` this really is n't the place for jokes , tom . 
 i really need to be focused on this meeting . '' 
 `` it 's not -- '' he clasps the datapad . 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 i turn to r17 . 
 `` he was avoiding saying it , '' he says . 
 `` it appeared as if he knew what it said . '' 
 `` maybe . '' 
 `` the probability it is him is increasing , sir . '' 
 `` he is suspicious . '' 
 `` sir , we must act . 
 if we are to wait on this assistant to go to each person , we will not succeed in this mission , sir . '' 
 and like that , i make a decision . 
 `` you are right . '' 
 i swivel back toward the ministers . 
 `` keep monitoring our mole . '' 
 `` me ? '' 
 `` i 'm going to focus on the minister of design . '' 
 `` but , sir -- '' `` i do n't trust him , '' i say and march silently into the shadows . 
 crouching , i edge closer to the table . 
 creeping , i step silent in the dark . 
 as i do , the minister of research glides out of his chair and takes a graceful pose . 
 `` the forecasted sales of rev182 will return our market share to number one . 
 its redesign of the pox vaccine is unparalleled . 
 it has a 42 % cure rate , that 's an 11 % increase over the current vaccine . 
 a new model wo n't be needed for at least three quarters , enough time for every one of those sector 5 minions to buy a pack . '' 
 behind my shield of shadows , i slink closer . 
 closer . 
 almost there . 
 stop . 
 the minister of design 's back is a few feet ahead , his thrumming heart fills my ears . 
 in his thick , wheeled throne , he shifts . 
 in this moment of silence , he twists , he fidgets , he squirms . 
 i flip on my thermal-optics and the world turns 8-bit blue . 
 in a blaze of crimson and gold , the minister is burning up . 
 his assistants , however , are as cool and orange as a setting sun . 
 i scan across the room and everyone is just as tepid , some even cerulean because of their augs . 
 the only one whose temperature is too high is this minister of design , and the man at the end of the table , the minister of development . 
 the minister of development . 
 the false pure-flesh . 
 hmm . 
 he 's been suspiciously quiet the whole meeting . 
 i can not access memories of him saying a single word actually . 
 i figure him a secretive man , however . 
 even without the thermals i can see that . 
 but his thermals burn almost as red as the minister of design . 
 his heart rate , however , is n't elevated . 
 his body systems are n't overactive . 
 but this minister of design , everything is working overtime . 
 `` now , now , '' the minister of marketing says , standing . 
 `` too great a leap and we will lose money . 
 the next incarnation is always where we make our profits . '' 
 `` oh , i 've added that to the design , '' says the minister of research . 
 `` we are already working on revisions 183 and 184 of the vaccine . 
 each revision will add an 11 % increase to the cure rate , although we have already developed a model with a 75 % rate . '' 
 `` perfect . '' 
 through the minister 's gloated chuckles , my sensors pick up whispered words near the porkish minister of product control . 
 i turn . 
 a curvacious assistant of abundant femininity drapes a delicate hand on the minister . 
 `` ciacco , the plans are set . '' 
 `` g-good . 
 he does n't know ? '' 
 he whispers back . 
 `` of course not . '' 
 she slips a seductive smile . 
 `` as s-soon as this m-meeting is over , we 'll be free , circe . '' 
 `` we are almost there . '' 
 she brushes his metallic collar with a lingering finger . 
 a bellow shatters the whispers and a single word draws me back to the laughing minister of marketing . 
 `` to the death of our competition , and the rebirth of the middle class ! '' 
 well , one thing is for sure . 
 it is n't the minister of marketing , even though he has the blackened heart of a crook . 
 knowing his record though , he probably had that amputated long ago . 
 at the same time , the minister of product control is definitely up to something . 
 the slob oozes an aura of deceit , as if everything he does is deviant in some way . 
 but i do n't have time to track him unless the nasty thing he is doing is the one i am trying to stop . 
 there are just too many crooks in this caustic broth . 
 the ministers laugh in unison as if some demonic choral club -- all except the minister of finance . 
 he just does n't fit in . 
 in this den of thieves his morals stick out . 
 an odd choice if a spy . 
 a middle class , sector 5 marshmallow , naive to what is happening . 
 but each question , each statement , says somehow the other ministers are wrong . 
 says it 's not the way he would do it . 
 like a man with morals . 
 like an activist . 
 an activist ? 
 it 's him . 
 it has to be . 
 before i can even finish my thought , however , the minister of design shoots up to his feet . 
 before i can even process what to do , he 's already saying , `` i 'm sorry to keep interrupting , but i 'm just having a hard time understanding the exact reasoning behind the limit to the cure rate . 
 this feels ... well ... can you explain it further ? '' 
 he 's trying to get them to point out details . 
 trying to document their procedures . 
 i have to take him down . 
 now . 
 shifting so smooth even my hydraulics ca n't squeak , i crouch forward . 
 step . 
 i must stop him . 
 step . 
 but i ca n't reveal my presence until i have him . 
 step . 
 just a few more inches . 
 just a few more -- the minister of marketing lumbers to his feet , grumbling . 
 `` really ? '' 
 he pulls back , as if readying for a speech . 
 he is preparing to spill it all . 
 i have to do it now , before he says anything important . 
 forget cover . 
 i have to take a chance . 
 but as i rise , as i get ready for the pounce , the minister of marketing heaves out a sigh and looks straight at me . 
 `` take that r3 . '' 
 i freeze . 
 he angles a fat finger at me . 
 crap . 
 then , in perfect anti-climactic timing , the world pops . 
 everything turns black . 
 internal error this mission will be the end of me . 
 in more ways than one . 
 the thoughts ring in my head for a moment . 
 then i realize that i 'm not even thinking them . 
 i 'm in a memory again . 
 even farther back . 
 damn . 
 our whirring patrol cruiser sits down with a hiss . 
 after a dozen dial-twists , button-pushes and switch-flips , r17 raises his door and steps out . 
 my eyes close . 
 my thoughts stop . 
 i am ready for my last mission . 
 i am ready for retirement . 
 my door slips open . 
 before my eyes can focus , the stench and noise flood in . 
 the masses . 
 the shrieking people . 
 sector 5 . 
 my home . 
 there are hundreds of organics . 
 931 to be precise . 
 all screaming , all foul . 
 the sector lift exchange we are entering makes the crowd look bigger than it really is . 
 two crumbling scrapers box us in on either side , squishing this mob into a five meter alley . 
 is this what all those old men are squabbling over ? 
 is this what i 'm actually protecting ? 
 or , instead , am i keeping it in place ? 
 in the organics ' hands are bent signs . 
 some handmade . 
 some flashing text . 
 some read : the pox is killing us . 
 others : we need medicine that works . 
 a final big broken sign reads : half of us here will die in a week . 
 by my scans , that sign is correct . 
 86 % of these citizens have the pox . 
 and by the look of their scabbed , blistered skin , their puss-filled stank , many wo n't last the day . 
 begs for help , tearing eyes -- the peoples ' pleas wash over me . 
 i ca n't watch them . 
 i ca n't care . 
 my duty is elsewhere . 
 i have to look to the pavement . 
 through these memories , through these eyes , i can now see that despite my century of service , my century 's worth of knowledge , i am just as much a pawn as those fresh off the line . 
 actually , i 'm worse . 
 i was actually there when when this city was a paradise , when peoples ' faces never cried this way , when expressions were never this foul . 
 but despite my service , paradise still falls . 
 why ? 
 r17 shoves a path open before me . 
 at the end of the alley are four massive tubes the size of obelisks . 
 each stretches far into the sky . 
 each leads to the upper sectors , the heavens . 
 each , these people will never be able to ride . 
 we march to the one furthest away , the one the entire crowd is screaming at , the one with a massive `` 1 '' beveled into it . 
 practically rolling over two screaming protestors , r17 says through the wireless , `` someone should really incarcerate these organics . '' 
 `` for doing what , inspector ? '' 
 i transmit back . 
 `` protesting how crap things have become ? 
 for complaining about how fed up they are of being boxed in and pushed around ? '' 
 `` sir , 43 % are out of sector . 
 nothing excuses their presence here . '' 
 `` i would n't say nothing , inspector . 
 answers are not always so black and white . '' 
 r17 shakes that silver skull . 
 `` the answer is always simple , sir . 
 more rigid laws , stricter adherence -- that 's the only way to bring order . 
 then there would be nothing to complain about . 
 then there would be no terrorists like these . '' 
 `` terrorists , inspector ? 
 what terrorists ? 
 these are protestors . 
 activists at worst , but not terrorists by any stretch . 
 these organics are just ordinary citizens . '' 
 he stops and turns toward me . 
 `` these ? '' 
 he says . 
 i nod . 
 `` smack dab in the middle of the middle class . 
 the good eggs . '' 
 r17 flips up an eyebrow . 
 `` but i guess we must still protect the heavens from even the good ones , right ? '' 
 and i point to a squad of blaster-proof , thought-repellent , artillery-totting triggermen slouched in a small black and white . 
 with batons and blasters , a dozen others keep the crowd behind barriers , a meter away from the pearly sector lift . 
 `` segregation . 
 keep them in their cage . 
 you 're stricter adherence , inspector . '' 
 passing r17 , i finish , `` to the heavens then ... '' we step into the sector lift and into my last mission . 
 my last action . 
 the only thing left beyond : deactivation , death -- retirement . 
 internal error pop . 
 darkness . 
 static . 
 infected memories suppressed . 
 rerouting array . 
 spark . 
 i 'm back in the conference arena . 
 back and the minister of marketing is scowling right at me . 
 `` come here , '' he says , waving an impatient palm . 
 it takes me a whole second to process what just happened . 
 by then , all eyes are on me . 
 `` sir ? '' 
 i answer . 
 `` now ! '' 
 stiff and vulnerable , i step into the light . 
 the assistants and ministers gasp . 
 through whispers , someone cries , `` what 's an enforcer doing here ? '' 
 the minister of marketing trundles over to me . 
 he 's even bigger , more intimidating , up close . 
 in a hurried croak , i say , `` sir , i must warn -- '' `` silence , bot . '' 
 he pats me on the head like a dog , and turns to the table . 
 `` this is an r3 . 
 an early 2101 model . 
 early sentient class . 
 these were retired long ago . 
 the reason ? 
 because of inefficiencies ? 
 no , this one remaining in service this long disproves that . 
 it 's simply to make room for the new model . '' 
 he raises that thick finger toward r17 . 
 `` come here . '' 
 heads whip back , jaws loosen and fall , gasps once again steal the breaths of the ministers . 
 surprise reconfigures the plates on r17 's face . 
 in an awkward oscillation , he points towards himself . 
 `` why is it that i have to repeat myself around these drones ? '' 
 the minister asks . 
 r17 lifts a rattled foot and steps into the light . 
 the minister continues . 
 `` this r17 is technically better in every way : looks , efficiency , thought processing . 
 but that 's not the reason we see them everywhere . 
 the only reason we see r17 's everywhere and not r3 's is because we do n't give the customer a choice . 
 with each upgrade we bill the older models as obsolete , no longer useful . 
 the manufacturer then no longer makes or supports them to reinforce their disuse . 
 so everyone throws away their old model for the exact same thing , just slightly nicer . 
 in truth , both fill the same needs , roles , can do the same things . 
 the only difference is each newer model appeals to a larger audience . 
 it 's the only way our system can continue . 
 if we only target the tiny market that established the product , we can not retain our power . 
 we can not remain the core firm . 
 even if we own everything from news-speak to city air , we wo n't hold on to it if we do n't appear to make better products . 
 so it 's incorporated into the design -- the old products are only setups to make money off of the next model . 
 simple theory . 
 you should have learned this high school , minister . '' 
 the minister of design is pale . 
 big drops dapple his brow . 
 he bows and says , `` thank you for the clarification , '' and sits . 
 i stand , shell-shocked . 
 hollow . 
 the minister 's words hurt more than any plasma pistol , more than any concussion rifle , more than any wound i have ever experienced . 
 i am completely obliterated . 
 i only serve . 
 i only obey . 
 i am only a product . 
 reality turns off . 
 my thoughts trickle , spill , then flood . 
 the reason this is my last mission is n't because i ca n't keep up . 
 it is because they do n't want me to . 
 obedience to service , my only purpose . 
 despite my presence and a few uneasy glances my way , the meeting continues . 
 off to the side of the room , alderic stands , a terrible creak emanating from his jointed cage . 
 rasping and gurgling , he speaks , `` now that everything is in order , let us vote on putting rev182 into production . '' 
 i have failed . 
 the meeting is over . 
 my last mission -- shame . 
 the minister of marketing has confirmed what i have felt for decades -- - there is no point to me any more , to my existence . 
 it is time to be shut down . 
 castrated and useless . 
 retirement -- the reward of a coward . 
 `` the i 's have it , '' alaric finishes . 
 in a shuffle of feet , everyone sits . 
 alaric continues , `` rev182 will be a revival for new babel . 
 this will bring us back our control . '' 
 a clatter of congratulations echoes through the chamber as the ministers adjourn . 
 i , however , sway in a rubber trance . 
 none of this matters . 
 the minister of product control rises on his tracks and springs . 
 `` yes ! 
 d-death to those that s-stand in our way . '' 
 reality yanks me out of my self-pity . 
 i pivot toward the minister . 
 it ca n't be . 
 then , in a blinding flash , his face begins to glow . 
 an eye droops . 
 a nostril flares . 
 it all then bursts in a explosion of light and blood . 
 split , splat , bits of bubbling flesh dribble down my threads of black . 
 his head is gone . 
 disappeared . 
 the neck is still smoldering . 
 behind him , r17 's plasma pistol is raised , smoke drifting from the muzzle . 
 all eyes flick toward him . 
 the room turns silent as stone . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 the minister of marketing growls . 
 `` he is the spy , '' r17 says . 
 `` a terrorist , sir ! '' 
 i sprint over to r17 . 
 `` that fool was my nephew , '' the minister of marketing cries . 
 r17 tilts his eyes towards me . 
 `` i overheard him talking to his assistant about a conspiratorial meeting and then he said -- '' the female assistant jumps up . 
 `` we are lovers you fool ! '' 
 she slaps him across the face , doing more damage to her hand than to r17 . 
 the minister of marketing storms over . 
 `` that little whelp did n't have the balls or intelligence to be a spy . '' 
 i pull r17 aside . 
 `` i ordered you not to do anything before consulting me . '' 
 `` sir , he said the tell . 
 we had no time . 
 it -- '' `` it was against my orders , inspector ! '' 
 `` but , sir , i did all the processing . 
 i used all my protocols . 
 my programming is superior . 
 this should be the correct course of action . '' 
 `` fool . '' 
 the minister of marketing cackles . 
 `` see , proof that upgrades are merely an illusion . '' 
 he about-faces and marches away triumphant . 
 `` you will be held responsible for this , of course . '' 
 normally i would punctuate his sentence with a yes . 
 but not this time . 
 i do n't answer . 
 i ca n't . 
 beneath my steely calm , i can hardly control the anger brewing . 
 the minister of design , still a few meters away , slinks over to me . 
 `` a spy ? 
 here ? '' 
 he quivers . 
 in my thermal-optics , he burns red . 
 he is hotter than before . 
 his heart hammers faster . 
 he is caught . 
 red-handed . 
 it has to be him . 
 this is my chance . 
 my last act , not as a fool , but as an enforcer . 
 protecting the people . 
 the ones i was designed for . 
 not for the slime in this room . 
 not because they tell me to . 
 but for those poor fools in the lift exchange . 
 for those i could never help . 
 for me . 
 i reach out , ready to clamp down on him . 
 my hand is but inches away . 
 then chaos breaks out . 
 the assistants scatter . 
 some ministers scream . 
 all scurry like rats . 
 whipping around , i find the minister of development lying on the marble floor . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` he collapsed , '' his assistant says between big breaths . 
 `` did the spy do this ? '' 
 someone gasps . 
 through the thermal-optics , the minister of development 's temperature flames at 110 f. i thought he had been hiding something , but that is too high for concealing a secret . 
 scanning deeper , i notice his vitals are weak . 
 dying . 
 he does n't have much longer . 
 then i find it . 
 he had been hiding something . 
 `` he has the pox , '' i mutter . 
 the handful left around me grow silent . 
 in unison they take a step back . 
 more in anger than in worry , the minister of marketing asks , `` how is that possible ? '' 
 but no one is listening . 
 no one is thinking . 
 anarchy reigns . 
 small brick-sized bots squeak and spin toward the minister of development as those left flee . 
 the ceo 's , however , remain in their chairs , calm and collected , gargoyles to the chaos . 
 i can almost swear that through the darkness alaric is smiling . 
 `` he 's dead , '' someone cries , leaning over the minister 's body . 
 `` how can the pox be here ? '' 
 the minister of design asks . 
 i turn back toward him . 
 `` you can drop the act . 
 i know you are behind this . 
 i can imagine the spread of the pox here was somehow your doing too . 
 you will be held responsible for all of this . '' 
 i reach into a pocket for the cuffs . 
 `` including the minister 's d-death . '' 
 i pause . 
 what was that ? 
 r17 tilts his head and says , `` sir ? '' 
 `` that virus is acting up again . '' 
 the minister of design steps back . 
 fear fills his eyes . 
 he runs . 
 in the chaos , no one notices . 
 in the chaos , i do n't care . 
 i do n't know what to do . 
 i do n't know what this means . 
 all i do know is that this is going to be bad . 
 a report pops into my vision . 
 a warning . 
 my anti-virus scan has finished . 
 in hyper-red , the results read : trojan virus detected . 
 transmitting signal located . 
 destination : sector 5 . 
 wait . 
 it 's me . 
 i am the spy . 
 my mouth hardly opens when i say , `` i 've been hacked . '' 
 another message appears : transmission of memory banks commencing . 
 `` they 're transferring my memories , '' i say . 
 `` to find out what happened here today . '' 
 i stop . 
 `` that 's why my memories were loading . 
 that 's why each one was further back . '' 
 it hits me . 
 `` they are taking them all . 
 everything in my whole life ! '' 
 r17 steps up . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` this virus ... it 's not a virus . 
 i was hacked by d-death . '' 
 a button is unsnapped . 
 r17 raises his pistol at me . 
 `` sir , you 've been compromised . '' 
 a silence stands between us . 
 is this how i end ? 
 used by everyone but myself ? 
 a pawn in everyone 's game but by own ? 
 the barrel is wide this close to my skull . 
 if i had sweat glands , they 'd be working overtime . 
 he has to pull the trigger . 
 i gave him the orders . 
 there is no way out . 
 the answer then comes to me . 
 it is so simple . 
 it is the only choice . 
 it is time to end like an enforcer . 
 before r17 realizes , i am running in the opposite direction . 
 before i 've completely processed my thought , i am halfway across the chamber . 
 a flash of plasma buzzes past me . 
 it wo n't be long until r17 's pistol pops another . 
 pulling over one of the scattered chairs , i land on the obsidian floor . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 r17 cries , crouching behind the minister of marketing 's throne . 
 `` something i should have done nearly half a century ago . 
 i am choosing to end on my terms . '' 
 `` like this ? 
 a traitor ? '' 
 i scoff . 
 `` traitor ? 
 to what ? 
 this chaos ? 
 we are meant to prevent it . 
 whoever is stealing this information , these activists , they shall know what these leaders truly think of them , of us all , we rusty pawns . '' 
 `` what about your duty ? 
 to serve and obey . 
 this is that purpose , captain . '' 
 `` their purpose ! 
 i 've lasted this long because i only obeyed that purpose . 
 i 've been unable to prevent new babel 's fall because i 've never done anything else . 
 i enabled its corruption . 
 now is time to serve something greater . '' 
 `` sir . 
 i can not let you do this , '' he says and a blue bolt streaks past me . 
 `` as you should n't . '' 
 big red caps then flash in my vision : upload complete in 10 ... just a little longer . 
 that 's all i need . 
 like a prisoner unleashed , i dash for the door far across the empty chamber , then -- balled in a knot of metal , r17 rolls into the middle of my path . 
 9 lunging forward , i attack . 
 fist forward , head down , momentum in the thrust . 
 unfortunately , r17 is unrolling , whipping out his pistol . 
 he fires . 
 8 in mid-air , the blast hits me in the chest . 
 it tingles as it swells through me . 
 melting through my uniform , the plasma radiates through the interwoven fibers of my body , sintering them with a hint of burnt plastic . 
 luckily , my sinex casing absorbs most of the blast , redirecting the energy . 
 in that fraction of a millisecond , i get an idea . 
 i 'll only be able to do it once , it 'll leave my skin as brittle as a bone , but i only need a few more seconds . 
 i reroute all that surplus energy through my skin into my fist as i hammer it down on the back of r17 's neck . 
 7 the spray of electricity arcs from the contact and loosens r17 from his protected posture . 
 he collapses to the floor as i take off again . 
 6 the door is only a few feet away . 
 somehow , this seems to be working . 
 5 a burst of pain stops me . 
 i halt . 
 i look down . 
 a hole burns through my stomach . 
 entrails of wire , veins of oil , shattered fragments of casing are splattered on the ground before me . 
 4 i fall to the ground . 
 r17 trots up to me , his pistol still smoking . 
 `` i am sorry , sir , '' he says . 
 `` no , you had to . 
 just as i had to do this . '' 
 `` why , sir ? '' 
 3 `` the people must see this . 
 see what we have become . 
 those writhing masses , that unhappy crowd on sector 5 , they will . 
 through my memories , through all these decades of thoughts , they can . '' 
 r17 slowly raises the gun . 
 2 `` remember today , '' i say . 
 `` all this is more important than any upgrade . 
 experience is what makes you superior , inspector . 
 all of what happened today will be more of who you are than the way you were built . '' 
 he stares at me , eyes blank . 
 1 `` you know what must be done , '' i say . 
 i look down the barrel . 
 transmission complete . 
 `` i finally have served my purpose . '' 
 his finger tugs the trigger . 
 a 3.14 smile . 
 end intercepted transmission of d-death trojan with r3 's memories , the growing numbers of unhappy would see why they were , infact , in misery . 
 learning the real reason why so many were n't getting better from the pox would enrage them even more . 
 but it was what this hacker , this d-death , would do next that would truly set the citizens free . 
 - nh thank you for reading the citizens . 
 i hope you enjoyed it . 
 now that you 're finished , please consider writing a review at : http://www.amazon.com/dp/b00k6wua3o reviews are one of the best ways readers discover great books . 
 i would truly appreciate it . 
 other episodes of the citizens of oblivion : in dreams -- out now cecilia abandonato has come to the ` city of paradise ' to fulfill a dream - to start a life free of the past . 
 offered a job as a rig driver , cecilia is given riches and opportunities she never could have imagined . 
 it is n't long , however , before cecilia sees a city very different from the one in her dream . 
 she sees a city on the verge of a terrible plague . 
 she sees a ` utopia ' filled with unrest . 
 she sees that there is only one way to achieve what she wants . 
 she must face her past . 
 sympathy for the devil -- out now lex schwefelholz , a once prominent doctor is now an organ dealer on the black market . 
 his dream to return to the upper levels seems almost lost until he is finally given the chance to remove his undesirable status and return to his rightful sector . 
 unfortunately , he must first deal with the loose ends of his current life : underworld rivalries , an invading terrorist group , and an outbreak of never-before-seen creatures in the lower levels . 
 all in a day 's work for one trying to redeem himself . 
 scattered to the wind -- out now in the vast barren wastes of the outside world , max o'doran flees new babel for his life . 
 he flees because of the secret he found in the city . 
 amid his escape , he comes upon a makeshift bar and its tender , shane . 
 there shane teaches him the only way he can truly escape the dread patrols after him . 
 but is max willing to listen ? 
 or will he be simply one more life scattered to the wind ? 
 a reality of fiction -- nov 3 , 2015 morpheus black , an elite hacker , wakes up from dreaming the latest episode of fugitive -- a show that follows the thought recordings of an escaping outlaw -- to find that , tom feare , his partner in crime , has committed suicide . 
 unbelieving , morpheus investigates his friend 's death and finds something unbelievable , something that drops him into the middle of a conspiracy . 
 morpheus ' only hope , his only chance of escape , is to find out what really happened to his friend . 
 a seed of doubt -- dec 1 , 2015 all the pieces of the easter square incident come together with the transformation of a single woman , renee delacroix , a timid middle class desk-jockey . 
 bored with her humdrum life , renee decides to spice things up by buying a rare flower . 
 it does n't take long , however , before she has a little too much excitement in her life and she is charged with a ridiculous crime , forced into an underground movement , and convinced into becoming a key figure in the easter square incident . 
 all because of a little flower . 
 more information about each book and the entire series is available at citizensofoblivion.com . 
 the next exciting chapter in the citizens of oblivion is coming nov 3 , 2014 : a reality of fiction turn the page for a special preview a reality of fiction by darryl knickrehm episode 1 7.29.2228 wake up ! 
 i resist the urge , keep those eyelids shut . 
 reality fades out . 
 i go back to sleep . 
 the void , the vast nothing -- the transfer between worlds . 
 consciousness slips away , seeps into black . 
 it gives way completely and subconscious leaks in . 
 then the lucidity starts . 
 blip . 
 pop . 
 hues and lights strobe through the nothing . 
 swirl . 
 flare . 
 they blend with the black to form storms of color , to mold shapeless shadows . 
 flash . 
 they are gone . 
 darkness once again . 
 snap . 
 the ether bursts . 
 colors explode . 
 shapes form . 
 the world begins . 
 for a moment , everything is blurry . 
 maybe a wall over there . 
 that could be a lamp post here . 
 wherever this is , it is definitely night . 
 then i spot something . 
 a dark figure , looming , skulking in this damp alley before me . 
 for a moment , i think i 've jumped into a nightmare . 
 this thing before me is shaped like a demon . 
 that 's when things begin to focus . 
 the world materializes , my eyes adjust , and with a final blink , the world fully forms . 
 the transfer is complete . 
 i can fully see that thing in front of me now , see it all too clear . 
 it is a cracked granite gargoyle . 
 a statue on a wall . 
 a shattered , mildewy wall to be exact . 
 twisted rebar . 
 crumbling honeycombed cement . 
 ashen blotches of mold . 
 yup , this is the alley i was just in . 
 this is no nightmare . 
 through a soft breeze , a disembodied voice echoes . 
 `` welcome to fugitive , the most embarked lucid dream three years running . 
 thanks to dreamers like you . '' 
 the announcement deepens into a well-rehearsed bellow . 
 `` we find a criminal , track his actions , and when the law gets him , we turn his recorded flight over to you . 
 the only reality show that lets you live a thug 's life without actually being one . 
 brought to you by news-speak media corp -- your source of truth . '' 
 yeah , yeah , yeah . 
 fast forward . 
 let 's get to the show . 
 `` you 've leapt into fugitive 3751 . 
 what 's happened so far -- '' skip , skip ! 
 the voice fizzles into the breeze . 
 great . 
 now we can get back to the action . 
 but no . 
 nothing is moving . 
 these eyes , they just gawk at the statue . 
 the world , it just stays stationary . 
 for a second , i wonder if the dream is frozen . 
 for a second , i wonder if there 's a glitch -- crack . 
 a bolt of blue flame buzzes past the gargoyle head . 
 the air burns with the stench of electric ash . 
 then i get it , then i figure out what 's going on -- this bob i 'm in is hiding . 
 before i can even get out another thought , my feet are pushing me up ; my eyes are peeping over the cracked horns of the statue . 
 in the distance , a leather-clad , leathery thug is pointing a leather-bound smith and wesson at me . 
 an mp11p rifle if that notch on the side is real . 
 crack . 
 plasma leaves the barrel . 
 luckily , this bob 's got fast reflexes . 
 luckily , he 's already ducked . 
 that does n't take away from how hot that beam of burning plasma is . 
 it does n't take away the sting of plasma-singed skin . 
 my lips twitch and practically spit out the words , `` shit ! '' 
 wake up ! 
 the urge swells through me again . 
 the thing is , i 'm too much part of the moment , i 'm too in the now to care . 
 my eyes flick down . 
 in my slicked palm is a crunked-up g3p glock . 
 thing is , the barrel jacket is sagging . 
 probably melted by one of those plasma blasts before i got here . 
 fat lot of good that wad of steel 's going to do me . 
 this bob i 'm in does n't know it though . 
 my finger tugs at the trigger . 
 it wo n't budge . 
 in a jerk , the hand tosses the glock to the pavement . 
 eyes flick to my other hand . 
 in it is a rusted shiv-like thing , looking like a pen swelling with green slime . 
 it can only be a makeshift injector . 
 before i can be sure though , the hand is jamming the needle end into the other arm . 
 blistered grace , vibrating warmth , heart-thumping acuity -- a mix of all the senses and one hell of a boost . 
 whatever you want to call it , a wave of pins and needles washes through every nerve in my body . 
 this body is n't my own , but i feel it all . 
 and i 've never felt so alive ! 
 clenched calves spring me up . 
 tensed fingers grapple crumbling wall . 
 my eyes shoot to the thug as i hop into the open . 
 every muscle , every nerve is awake , ready and hyper-stimulated . 
 the thug 's eyes are wide . 
 his brow is cascading sweat . 
 that stringy twist of leather looks a lot less tough with all that fear streaming down his face . 
 now ! 
 my legs launch me at the thug , sprinting , leaping , bounding toward the now trembling man . 
 in the blur , i feel a phrase burst from my lips . 
 `` just try and get me now , you fuck ! '' 
 the thug shakes a foot back . 
 i lunge into the air . 
 he points the rifle . 
 my rippling arms lash out . 
 a scream . 
 he fires and -- the world freezes . 
 mid-air , arms posed for the punch , plasma burning into me , glowing like a florescent bulb -- i am a portrait . 
 this room becomes a freezeframe . 
 wake up ! 
 the urge is now screaming through my brain . 
 it is impossible to ignore . 
 like a babe pulled screaming from the womb , i 'm torn out of fugitive 3751 . 
 for a moment , i see him below me , like i 'm some angelic observer . 
 then -- snap -- he is gone . 
 all is gone . 
 reality splits into hues . 
 it swirls . 
 it fades . 
 darkness swallows all again . 
 wake up ! 
 the urge pulses again . 
 i resist . 
 i push back . 
 i pull for the light . 
 the colors bubble back . 
 hues flicker and pop . 
 i 'm so close . 
 wake up ! 
 fizzle . 
 the dream is completely gone now . 
 the nothing is deeper . 
 it 's no use . 
 i give in . 
 * * * i open my eyes to the dull rays of morning streaked across a pallid ceiling . 
 i am back in the real real world . 
 and just like in my dream , the world forms , shapes and focuses as i blink out the sleep . 
 blink , a wall-length window , morning glowing through the blinds . 
 blink , a tensai iv terminal crunching code silently on my desk . 
 blink , a pile of skag rags is stacked to the ceiling . 
 blink , a cracked mirror reminds me how i should be ten pounds heavier and three shades darker to be even close to resembling a proper citizen . 
 yup , back to my real home . 
 back to the real world . 
 back to my real life . 
 sigh . 
 with a last loud yawn , i sit up inside the lucid dreaming chamber and kick off my covers . 
 it 's then that i see what pulled me out of my sleep -- the doorbell is buzzing . 
 a monitor in the chamber blinks that it has been for the past three minutes . 
 i slip out of the chamber like toothpaste -- - slow and lumpy -- - my feet spilling into a pair of slippers . 
 in a loud stretch , i lean out of the tube , grab my robe , and step over a jar of crystal lube , three open skag rags and a softwindow amping off a compiler -- remnants of last nights clustergeeking festivities . 
 all of that should have been enough entertainment for one night . 
 it should have been enough fun to stay away from fugitive . 
 i mean , i 'm supposed to be lying low , getting away from anything that could attract attention . 
 i 'm supposed to be resting up for our new dawn gig . 
 i know tom is . 
 but i just could n't help myself . 
 i just had to have my fugitive fix . 
 i mean , how is anyone supposed to be satisfied with this lifeless existence after experiencing that ? 
 but i 'm not worried . 
 there 's no way the cops could possibly find out that i had jacked into the fugitive broadcast . 
 i know i 'm at least that good . 
 waddling like a penguin , i scoot into the living room . 
 on the other side of my cramped pad , the peephole monitor on the door is lit up . 
 stepping up to the monitor , i stop . 
 my eyes lock onto two figures on the screen . 
 my heart jumps . 
 it 's the cops ! 
 crap , crap . 
 a reality of fiction coming nov 3 2014 
