 down the throat of the mountain by jennifer erickson published by jennifer erickson at smashwords copyright 2013 jennifer erickson chapter 1 june twentieth , 2013 was the day janie gundy 's life ended and purgatory began , but she did n't know the half of it when she shook off the waiter , fighting tears , and ran blindly into the night . 
 pausing under a streetlight to catch her breath , she tried to remember where she 'd parked . 
 she left pearl street behind , then turned uphill , past sleeping homes hunkered behind stately lawns . 
 her footsteps echoed as she limped through empty streets . 
 she was a fool . 
 a limping fool . 
 she was eighteen years old , and her life was over . 
 why had n't she just sprung for the garage ? 
 it was only , like , three bucks . 
 if she was going to wear bodacious platform pumps , she should have parked closer . 
 or stayed home and refrained from making a spectacle of herself . 
 grimacing , she rounded the next corner . 
 maybe this was the street . 
 she dug out her keys . 
 in forty minutes she 'd be home to dad , to lacey 's wagging welcome , her down pillow and the oblivion of sleep . 
 that spot on her right temple itched . 
 she reached up to rub it , then turned her head to glance behind her . 
 slam ! 
 the car keys flew out of her hand , and she was on her knees on the flagstone sidewalk . 
 a man said , `` ah ... give us your purse . '' 
 he smelled of dishrag . 
 `` no , '' said janie , and then had second thoughts . 
 `` i mean -- '' he grasped the shoulder strap . 
 she clenched the purse to her side , and he dragged her along with it . 
 `` just give us the purse , kiddo . '' 
 he said as he tugged . 
 `` i thought you said you 'd done this before , '' said a second , chubbier man . 
 `` i assure you i am doing it correctly , '' said dishrag . 
 janie said , `` i need my phone and my driver 's license . '' 
 the photo was excellent . 
 irreplaceable . 
 `` look , all we want is cash , '' said chubby . 
 `` if you want money you 're talking to the wrong person . '' 
 `` and credit cards , '' said dishrag . 
 `` what are we going to do with credit cards ? '' 
 `` you 're not helping , so shut up . '' 
 janie untucked her purse from under her arm and zipped it open . 
 `` i 'll give you six bucks . '' 
 chubby stepped forward and ripped the purse from her hands , rummaged around and brought out her wallet . 
 `` we 'll take as much as we damned well please , '' he said . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 said dishrag . 
 `` we said we 'd let her keep her license . '' 
 `` no we did n't ! '' 
 he leapt for the wallet . 
 `` gim me that ! '' 
 janie saw an opportunity . 
 `` i also want my purse back . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 both men said at once . 
 `` why are you screwing around ? '' 
 said dishrag . 
 he snatched the wallet and purse , whacked chubby in the head . 
 coins flew out like confetti . 
 then he took off running with chubby close behind . 
 `` you assholes ! '' 
 janie screamed . 
 `` aaasshoooles ! '' 
 she stomped around collecting coins , found her keys under a lilac hedge . 
 she was so pissed off , she felt two feet taller . 
 where was the damned car ? 
 she yanked off the stupid shoes . 
 they had totally failed in their mission . 
 as if just the right footwear could transform her into a siren and make her irresistible to george , her erstwhile employer . 
 ahead was an office building with revolving doors and a well-lit atrium . 
 inside , a uniformed guard lounged behind a desk , gulping soda from a two-liter bottle . 
 salt and pepper hair , slight paunch , a face you could trust . 
 janie spun through the door , and as she approached , the guard lowered his feet and set down his diet mountain dew . 
 `` i 'm lost , '' she said , swallowing a sob . 
 her vision shimmered and immediately he was at her side , leading her to a black leather bench against the wall . 
 he seemed awfully concerned , considering she had n't even told him what happened . 
 somehow , she ended up curled on her side . 
 when he appeared again and pressed a wad of paper towel to her head it came away bloody . 
 funny . 
 when would she have hit her head ? 
 he wanted to call the police , or call her parents at least . 
 janie begged him not to . 
 she said she was fine , she could n't take any more drama . 
 plus , dad did n't know she was in boulder . 
 she was supposed to be at emma jackson 's house . 
 janie described where she 'd parked her car and the security guard pointed her in the right direction . 
 she put on the foolish platform pumps and wobbled back outside . 
 he watched from the front of the building until she disappeared around the corner . 
 sunshine blinded janie when she woke up the next morning . 
 she groaned at the ache in her head . 
 lacey leapt on the bed , nuzzled janie 's face and leapt off again , then stood by janie 's head , panting dog breath at her . 
 in the bathroom mirror , she got a look at the attractive new lump on her forehead . 
 how would she explain that to dad ? 
 maybe he would n't notice . 
 why had n't she just stayed home ? 
 what had she been thinking ? 
 okay , she knew what she 'd been thinking . 
 she knew that george was a thursday night regular at the med . 
 janie had orchestrated many of their `` coincidental '' meetings : `` oh , yes , i come here all the time . 
 i 'm surprised i have n't seen you here before . '' 
 never mind she was barely eighteen . 
 usually , he was n't there with his wife . 
 what had possessed janie to cross the whole restaurant , park herself in front of their table and blurt out , `` gosh , you just ca n't go anywhere alone now , can you george ? '' 
 with all the clattering cutlery and scraping chair legs and laughter , the restaurant had been too loud for anyone to overhear , but still they sensed something , and people at neighboring tables paused to see what would happen . 
 into that pocket of silence , george said clearly , `` janie , do n't make a fool of yourself . '' 
 she 'd reared back , face flaming , ears tingling , bumped into the table for two directly behind her . 
 red wine went sploosh all over the place . 
 two women stood , dripping , incredulous . 
 a waiter and some guy from the kitchen rushed in , one on each side of janie , and wrestled her away . 
 several patrons applauded . 
 the waiter deposited her firmly on the doorstep . 
 looking back on it , she realized they had n't even asked her to pay for her club soda with lime . 
 janie had deserved to be mugged for that alone . 
 not to mention all the other ways she 'd screwed up her life in the month since graduation . 
 she took two excedrin , and another just because life was shitty , chugged a glass of orange juice and let lacey out back to pee on stuff . 
 on the answering machine , the message light blinked . 
 she ignored it . 
 the land line was dad 's domain . 
 the house was silent . 
 dad must have gone out early . 
 maybe he 'd bring home donuts and coffee . 
 but that did n't make sense . 
 through the window she could see the car parked out on the road . 
 she scrubbed at her temple . 
 she ate half an egg , scraped the rest into lacey 's bowl , then opened the front door to get the paper . 
 something brown tumbled down the steps . 
 her purse ! 
 she tiptoed out in bare feet and collected it . 
 inside , she found her phone , her wallet with driver 's license and her debit card . 
 only the cash was missing . 
 had the muggers brought it all the way from town ? 
 and why ? 
 janie 's thoughts were interrupted by the jingle of her cell phone . 
 she darted to pick it up . 
 old habit . 
 as if george would be calling today . 
 `` janie , '' said her aunt margaret . 
 `` your father 's in the hospital . 
 where have you been ? '' 
 chapter 2 it was autumn of 1528 and mouse 's first vision quest . 
 sweat ran into mouse 's stinging eyes and dripped off his chin onto his bare knee . 
 sage scented steam crushed his chest . 
 the hunger barely bothered him any more . 
 grandfather and uncle bent were arguing as usual . 
 mouse 's mind was so pure , their words flowed through him like a river . 
 red nudged him . 
 mouse raised his head a fraction and tried to concentrate . 
 it was red 's first vision quest as well , but red was older and more experienced than mouse . 
 it was time , he said . 
 they were ready to approach the womb of the world . 
 they followed grandfather up a drainage choked with downed timber , clambering over tree trunks and squeezing under them . 
 snowflakes spiraled out of the sky and melted on their bare skin . 
 when they finally reached timber line , bent nose loped away like a bear chasing ground squirrels . 
 grandfather left uncle bent behind and continued up the steep open slope . 
 the boys followed . 
 finally , grandfather stood still . 
 at his feet was a jumble of small boulders , and in their midst a jagged hole , like a piece of the night sky had fallen there . 
 sweet-smelling wind breathed out of it . 
 this wind , grandfather cupped in his palms and brought to his lips as though it were fresh spring water . 
 he addressed the one who made all things and prayed for a successful vision . 
 uncle bent bounded up , and before grandfather could grab him , he popped into the hole . 
 grandfather froze , a look of horror on his face . 
 grandfather told the boys to stay where they were . 
 he said a short prayer , then climbed down into the womb of the world after bent nose . 
 the boys stood , shivering in their breechclouts , gazing into the darkness of the cave . 
 they heard grandfather 's murmur , uncle bent 's sarcastic reply . 
 mouse and red hugged themselves and bounced on their toes to keep warm . 
 the argument escalated . 
 the boys kneeled on the ground and peered in , but grandfather and uncle bent were out of sight . 
 the sun peeked out from behind the clouds , and the cave walls sparkled for a moment . 
 the boys glanced at each other and back into the hole . 
 suddenly , bent appeared below them and began to climb up . 
 `` i am a bear now , '' said uncle bent . 
 and then he grunted three times , just like a bear . 
 the boys took a step backward as bent emerged from the hole in front of them . 
 `` where 's grandfather ? '' 
 red asked . 
 `` and why are you acting so strange ? '' 
 mouse craned around uncle bent to see if he was coming . 
 there was something clenched in uncle bent 's fist . 
 `` what did you take from the womb of the world ? '' 
 red demanded , pointing at uncle 's hand . 
 uncle bent smiled mysteriously and slipped the thing into his medicine pouch . 
 `` we ca n't take anything from here , uncle bent . '' 
 red 's voice quavered . 
 `` everybody knows that . '' 
 bent nose drew himself up . 
 `` grandfather ! '' 
 mouse called . 
 uncle bent laughed . 
 he grabbed red by the waist and threw him to the ground . 
 `` i am the bear ! '' 
 he shouted . 
 red began to scream . 
 mouse screamed , too . 
 where could he run ? 
 uncle bent was bigger and faster , and would catch him easily . 
 his only hope was that grandfather would protect him . 
 he fled into the womb of the world , calling `` grandpa , help ! '' 
 but grandpa was gone . 
 in the darkness , mouse stumbled on a warm body and scrambled to stay on his feet . 
 he heard uncle bent puffing after him , closing the gap . 
 mouse could feel bent strain toward him . 
 in desperation , mouse dove away from bent 's grasping fingers . 
 and then things got stranger . 
 miraculous , even . 
 mouse tumbled into clear air . 
 uncle bent came tumbling past . 
 mouse landed with a crash on a rocky slope and skittered downward . 
 he caught hold of a chunk of rock and held on for dear life . 
 dangling by one arm , he clawed at the scree . 
 then down he plummeted again , whistling through the air . 
 the landing was painful and knocked the air out of him , but not as bad as you 'd expect . 
 soon , he realized why : bent 's dead body had cushioned his landing . 
 mouse rolled off of him and dragged himself away . 
 weighed down by the darkness , by horror and confusion and pain and the inability to breathe , mouse collapsed to the dirt floor . 
 a voice brought him to his senses . 
 it was his grandfather , but it was also a bear . 
 enough strange things had happened that day that mouse did n't question it . 
 grandfather-bear said : `` take bent nose 's medicine pouch . '' 
 mouse felt his way over and slipped the leather thong from uncle bent 's neck . 
 `` it 's yours now . 
 put it on , '' said the voice . 
 mouse did as he was told . 
 `` now follow the wind , '' said the bear-voice . 
 just then mouse noticed a breeze . 
 he turned and crawled into a ragged hole in the cave wall . 
 he tumbled and skidded down , hitting his head . 
 somewhere in the center of the earth , he landed hard on a bed of rocks and gravel . 
 a sweet breeze cooled mouse 's face . 
 stray hairs tickled at his cheeks . 
 he wanted to ask where he was going , but the question flew out of his head . 
 `` crawl forward , '' said bear . 
 `` follow the wind . '' 
 mouse crawled up , then down , then up through a narrow crack . 
 the crack narrowed . 
 mouse flattened himself onto his belly and inched forward . 
 `` go , '' whispered the bear . 
 `` go . '' 
 he wriggled and squeezed through faults in the rock , following the slight breeze in his face . 
 whenever he let himself think about it , he froze in fear and confusion until bear whispered , `` go ! '' 
 rainbows filled his eyes . 
 he lived a thousand lifetimes , saw things so different from his own world , he could n't even describe them in words : things from the past and perhaps from the future . 
 he realized that he was n't alone , had never been alone . 
 the bear was with him , urging him on . 
 he was here , there and everywhere . 
 he was fragmented , like the world reflected in a water drop . 
 every possibility distilled into one moment . 
 then , he was alone , in one place , a place of darkness and cold . 
 out of the darkness , a pinprick of light seemed to wink at him . 
 when he pressed his fingers over his eyelids , it disappeared . 
 when he moved his fingers , it winked back to life . 
 heart jumping , he dug , dug toward the light . 
 he awoke in a small clearing by an aspen grove . 
 snow dusted the ground . 
 behind him was a cliff and at its base was an inky gash . 
 how could he have squeezed through such a tiny slot ? 
 perhaps he had simply willed himself outside . 
 perhaps he was n't really outside at all , or maybe he had never been inside . 
 after that , he moved like a sleepwalker , guided by the bear voice in his head . 
 his mother found him asleep in a withered raspberry thicket . 
 he had been gone for almost a moon . 
 all through the winter , in camp with his family , the voice from the cave stayed with him . 
 was the voice mouse heard real , or had he imagined it ? 
 it was hard to tell the difference any more . 
 they called it a gift , his inability to choose one reality . 
 but it did n't feel like a gift . 
 he worried all the time . 
 he dreaded everything . 
 no joy was pure . 
 it was always : what if . 
 bent nose 's medicine pouch weighed heavily around mouse 's neck . 
 from time to time , he opened it up , spilled the contents into his palm . 
 inspected the glowing stone in the shape of a bear : the stone that bent had taken from the womb of the world . 
 to set down this burden , he knew that he must return to the womb of the world . 
 spring arrived . 
 streams burbled . 
 the earth smelled clean . 
 birdsong filled the valley . 
 fawns curled up in dappled forest . 
 blah , blah , blah . 
 mouse saw it all , but the beauty only hurt him more . 
 guided by bear , he led his family back to the clearing where he 'd been reborn from the cave . 
 as they drew near , a deep hum rumbled in their chests . 
 a hum of the deepest silence . 
 legend would always say that mouse drew something from his medicine pouch , crawled under that rock overhang into the cave , and his spirit left his body . 
 it was a little more complicated than that . 
 it was more like he stopped making decisions there . 
 he breathed in that sweet air , and the reasons for and against any choice after that were so numerous that he just gave up . 
 breathe or not breathe ? 
 eat drink , speak , move ? 
 it was all too complicated . 
 it was n't so much that his spirit left his body , but that his body abandoned his spirit , and his spirit , homeless , had to leave . 
 generations were born and died . 
 year-by-year , the gash opened like a mouth . 
 the story of mouse passed from father to son , mother to daughter many times . 
 and then one autumn , the bearded men came . 
 chapter 3 it was 1861 , and the family farm had the johnson boys by the balls . 
 paul and edward slaved six days a week , nursed their aching muscles on sunday , then stumbled out at four a.m. monday to plow turf , feed stock , haul water , prop up sagging fences , and every once in a while catch a glimpse of a girl , usually in the distance . 
 usually with her husband . 
 paul could see the future as plain as the illinois horizon . 
 every single day of it would look exactly like today , until they dropped dead of exhaustion at age thirty , like their father . 
 so when paul heard a rumor of a city called denver , a city of adventure , he did n't waste a lot of time dithering over whether he should give it a try , wondering whether it would be worth the risk . 
 pike 's peak territory was littered with gold , they said , and all you had to do was pick up the nuggets lying on the ground . 
 the problem was , after paul was gone , ma and edward would have to hire a farm hand . 
 well , they 'd just have to find the money , because paul was leaving . 
 he called a family meeting . 
 `` i 'm going to denver to make my fortune , '' he said . 
 before paul even finished explaining , edward stood and walked into the bedroom . 
 ma wept silently . 
 `` look , do n't be like that , '' said paul . 
 `` just listen to me . '' 
 `` i have listened , '' said edward . 
 `` and i 'm packing my kit . 
 i 'm going , too . 
 sorry , ma . '' 
 a week later , paul and edward joined a wagon train headed west . 
 denver swarmed with young men . 
 the johnson boys got drunk and slept late and reveled in stories of great riches and indians and manly deeds , but they did n't find any gold on the street . 
 never mind , it was an adventure ! 
 they tailed a group of 59 ` ers toward the mountains and into a steep-walled canyon , crisscrossing a stream on a rough dirt track . 
 their boots disintegrated . 
 their feet bled . 
 they filled their pockets with shiny rocks the whole way . 
 several days from denver , they came upon a sagging canvas tent where a board across two barrels served as a bar and fearless pack rats with teeth the size of a girl 's fingers helped themselves from flour sacks heaped in the corner . 
 that was where they learned that the sparkling rocks they 'd collected so gleefully on the way up the canyon were worthless . 
 the boys paid fifty cents for something called indian whiskey , a lecture on gold prospecting and the privilege of sleeping on the dirt floor . 
 since it was sleeting outside , that seemed like a bargain . 
 they befriended rudy , a man they 'd met on the trail that day who was slightly more seasoned than them , and full of advice , because everything you could do wrong , he 'd already done . 
 he seemed like a good kind of fellow , not a slickster out to take everything you had like a lot of the guys they met around , but a good sort , an honest illinois boy like themselves . 
 as they bedded down , their new friend rolled over . 
 in the firelight , paul could see the stain at rudy 's crotch and hoped to god it was n't what he thought it was . 
 rudy said , `` i tell you the place i 'd dig if i was you . 
 i 'll take you up there tomorrow and show you . '' 
 `` not this again , '' mumbled the saloon keeper . 
 rudy whispered , `` them indians says it 's a cave of riches beyond anything you can imagine , but they do n't mine it on account of their gods will get mad . '' 
 `` well , i do n't believe in no indian gods . '' 
 `` me neither . 
 it 's ripe for the pickin ' , boys . '' 
 `` do n't know what the hell he 's talking about , '' the saloon keeper said . 
 `` were i talking to you ? '' 
 rudy roared . 
 `` no . 
 i were not . '' 
 the next morning , they bargained with the saloon keeper for a pickaxe and a pound of flour . 
 two days later , rudy and the johnson boys stood , puffing , at the edge of an aspen grove , where every turning leaf looked like a golden coin and they rattled gently in the breeze . 
 on the trees hung strips of red cloth and moccasins . 
 a stream trickled down from the snow-dusted summits , and at the edge of this glade , which seemed to fairly sparkle with possibilities and the fearsome power of their future , was a crumbling limestone cliff . 
 at the base of the cliff , the three boys crawled through a slot and emerged into a cave . 
 by the light of a candle , they saw a tiny , rock lined pool strewn with arrows and knives , beads and feathers . 
 a knee-high stump of white rock rose from the middle of the pool . 
 a voice in paul 's head seemed to call , `` this is your future , '' but it also whispered , `` this will be your undoing . '' 
 he glanced at his brother , who had frozen in place , his face inscrutable . 
 `` did you hear something ? '' 
 `` nobody said nothin ' , right ? '' 
 `` i ai n't heard nothin ' , '' said rudy . 
 as winter set in , they widened the mouth of the cave , dug up the floor , hacked out the stump of rock and dragged it into the daylight . 
 it sparkled but it was n't gold . 
 they traded it for a rusted shovel . 
 the boys dug and hacked , planned and speculated . 
 they never did find any gold . 
 no golden indian idols , no placer deposits , no promising quartz veins . 
 nothing . 
 rudy moved into the cave . 
 he said it was more comfortable than their leaky log lean-to . 
 the brothers tried it for awhile . 
 strange things happened , things they did n't discuss , as though speaking them aloud would make them more real . 
 time ran forward and backward . 
 sometimes when paul woke up , he could n't sort out his dreams from reality . 
 before too long , the brothers moved back to the lean-to . 
 out there , their heads felt clearer . 
 rudy refused to leave the cave , and increasingly talked of things they did n't understand -lrb- or want to -rrb- : the past , the future , as though it were all one , and furthermore flexible . 
 as though a thing could simultaneously happen and not happen . 
 as though the past could be changed . 
 they ran out of money , ran out of food . 
 rudy ranted in the cave and periodically tossed a bucket of rock on the tailings pile , frozen in the winter snow . 
 the brothers avoided each other 's eye , left a little marmot or porcupine meat at the mouth of the cave whenever they got some , dug desultory holes here and there . 
 never found a thing but rock and more rock . 
 deep in the longest night of the winter , the ranting stopped . 
 paul and edward waited until light , then crept to the cave opening , peered into the shadows and then into each other 's gaunt faces . 
 rudy was dead , facedown in the dirt . 
 paul thought they should eat him . 
 edward thought they might catch whatever sickness he 'd had . 
 in the end , they ate him because they were hungry and the world did n't make sense any more anyway . 
 come spring , three dark-skinned men in soft deer hide leggings walked into camp , bent to peek into the lean-to where the two brothers huddled , confused and gaunt with hunger . 
 `` waaa ! '' 
 one of them shouted , then laughed as the brothers fled into the bush . 
 paul thought they might be the spirits rudy had ranted about , come to take back their cave . 
 edward convinced him they were indians . 
 the brothers hid behind a tree and watched the three men duck into the cave , which still contained some of rudy 's bones . 
 the indians picked up paul and edward 's pickaxe , discussed it among themselves . 
 one of them crawled into the sagging lean-to and chucked out a wool blanket and a precious hunk of flint . 
 paul tried to restrain edward by the tail of his shirt , but edward leapt from his hiding place and yelled at them to get the hell away from his stuff . 
 he aimed their walker colt , pulled the trigger , and it exploded in his hand , blowing off half his face . 
 that was the last thing edward ever did . 
 he dropped dead , which seemed to surprise the indians as much as it did paul . 
 and , of course , it must have surprised edward , too . 
 the indians argued about what to do with paul . 
 they must have decided not to kill him , because they sat him down and lectured him , half in english , half in gibberish . 
 something about how the place allowed one 's spirit to fly , and the danger of one 's spirit getting lost , never returning . 
 they also told him to put back everything that had been removed from the cave , or there would be consequences . 
 paul told them to take their savage-asses packing . 
 and then a thing happened that paul had seen before in his imagination in several different ways . 
 but this was the present , and it only happened the one way , probably . 
 a stranger appeared , another white man , at the top of the cliff behind the indians . 
 the stranger put his finger to his lips , crept to the edge of the cliff , loaded his musket , took aim . 
 thunder echoed in the valley . 
 paul heard the ball whistle past . 
 the indians spun around , shot off a volley of arrows . 
 the stranger loaded again . 
 paul covered his head with his arms , cowered and hoped for the best . 
 the second thunder never came . 
 the indians melted away . 
 for a long time , paul stayed still . 
 he pretended that edward was still alive , that everything could be okay . 
 when he started to shiver , he realized that he could n't sit there forever . 
 `` we had a good adventure , did n't we ? '' 
 he comforted his dead brother , trying not to look at his mangled face as he laid him out and covered him with their best wool blanket . 
 `` at least we got to see the world . '' 
 then paul remembered the savior he had almost , but not quite , expected . 
 he found him on a faint game trail just above the cliff , fallen over on his side , gripping an arrow shaft protruding from his chest and crying . 
 paul knew there was nothing he could do to help , so he poked around in the bushes until he found a lichen-covered slab of rock . 
 it took all of his strength to pry it from the frozen ground . 
 paul removed the man 's hat , put it on his own head , then lifted the rock and slammed it into the other man 's face . 
 he had to do it twice . 
 the man 's boots were in decent shape . 
 his musket was even older than paul 's revolver , but it worked and there was some powder . 
 paul took that as well . 
 then he went through the man 's filthy pockets and found a stick of rotting jerky and a handkerchief full of gold . 
 he had known that this claim would bring him gold , somehow . 
 right there , he christened his mine the long shot lode . 
 when he made his way back to the nearest settlement a week later , he deemed it best not to mention the source of his fortune in gold . 
 after all , he did find it on his claim , and it was nobody 's business how it had gotten there . 
 chapter 4 the year was 1862 . 
 just before noon on a fine spring day , charlotte and zeke finished their solemn vows and ran , laughing , out of the minister 's house . 
 they hopped onto the cart that zeke had filched from his uncle , and bumped out of town , pulled by two infuriatingly slow oxen . 
 it was important to get across the missouri river before charlotte 's parents caught up to them . 
 zeke loved her ! 
 forever ! 
 he 'd promised in front of a minister ! 
 she glowed with the glamour of it all ... at first . 
 but the trail to denver took weeks and weeks . 
 there was dust and mud . 
 biting flies . 
 wind whistled in her ears until she thought she 'd go crazy . 
 the romance of fleeing across the prairie wore thin . 
 their bacon rotted . 
 zeke mauled her every night . 
 she was sore and sticky between her legs . 
 graves marked the trail . 
 garbage . 
 dead horses . 
 once , even , a piano . 
 that was sadder than the graves for her . 
 at the end of each day , charlotte was too exhausted to sleep . 
 by late summer , the oxen sagged and stumbled . 
 the grass was gone and the oxen were walking skeletons . 
 charlotte and zeke poked and yelled to make them go faster . 
 they turned loose the weaker ox . 
 left it splay-footed and panting in the sun , next to an iron cooking pot and charlotte 's trunk of clothes . 
 charlotte kept turning to look until it disappeared over the horizon , weeping for the poor ox , and for her beautiful but impractical brown velvet dress , folded so carefully into that heavy trunk . 
 they arrived in denver penniless . 
 the flour was almost gone . 
 zeke had promised streets paved with gold . 
 but no , if the streets were paved with anything at all , it was shit , trampled into the dust . 
 it was the saddest , most desolate place charlotte had ever seen . 
 she longed for home , for her mother , but she knew she could never go back . 
 mother had said fifteen was too young to marry . 
 mother had warned her about zeke , and charlotte had laughed in her face . 
 zeke disappeared into a saloon . 
 charlotte sat on the cart in the dusty road for the whole afternoon , waiting for him . 
 of course , girls were n't permitted in saloons . 
 the ox collapsed to its knees , too tired to twitch away the flies . 
 wild-eyed men swarmed the road , liquor on their breath . 
 they eddied around the cart , leering at charlotte . 
 this was worse , much worse than the land of bones they 'd travelled to get here . 
 there was not another girl or woman to be seen . 
 charlotte sat straighter , murmured soothing words to the bony ox , refused to meet the men 's eyes . 
 she had to urinate so badly , it was like a hot coal in her belly . 
 finally , finally , when she felt stretched so taught that she might just -- ping ! 
 -- fly apart , zeke leaned out of the canvas flap . 
 charlotte sighed with relief . 
 zeke stepped the rest of the way out . 
 she tried to form her lips into a smile of greeting . 
 his face was strangely slack . 
 a man in a filthy white vest followed charlotte 's husband . 
 zeke pointed at charlotte . 
 the other man nodded . 
 `` charlotte , get off the box , '' said zeke , and his words seemed too round and full for his mouth . 
 after sitting rigid so long , she shook as she clambered down . 
 the man in the vest gestured and another man took the ox by the reins and led him away . 
 charlotte reached for her husband . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 `` none of yer business , '' mumbled zeke . 
 his breath smelled of drink . 
 was he drunk ? 
 her zeke ? 
 he had some weaknesses , as she 'd discovered in the last couple of months , but this was new . 
 `` you sold the ox ? '' 
 `` it was either him or you . '' 
 her cheeks flamed . 
 `` but you 're more valuable , '' he said . 
 she told herself : he is trying to say that he loves me . 
 it 's not what it sounds like . 
 she nodded stiffly and hung her head so that her grimy bonnet hid her face . 
 the money from the sale of the ox and cart was gone . 
 zeke had gambled it away . 
 what could she say ? 
 he was her husband , and the financial decisions were his . 
 from denver city , they walked weary , dusty miles to a small settlement , and from there up a narrow canyon . 
 what were a few more days after the months they 'd travelled already ? 
 on the trail , although the men were rough , they were sweet in their own way . 
 they pressed lumps of dirty bread and dull yellow gold into her palms . 
 `` if you get tired of him , '' they would say , `` come see me . '' 
 or , `` this is no place for a lady . 
 see that he takes care of you . '' 
 zeke was sullen even though she shared her gifts with him . 
 such a long way from missouri , this shadowy place . 
 she was used to open sky , cropland and pasture . 
 as they gained altitude , snow came down the mountainsides to meet them . 
 her feet ached on the river crossings and her ladies ' boots slipped on the icy trail . 
 a man like a gnarled tree with more gap than tooth produced a pair of thick woolen stockings from his burro 's pack and pulled them on over charlotte 's little boots . 
 after that , she was much more sure-footed , and although she never saw the man again , she always remembered him fondly . 
 they arrived at a grubby tent city which surrounded a saloon . 
 actually , the sign said : `` wisky '' . 
 it sat at the base of a rocky slope at the confluence of two muddy streams , and the sunshine never crested the canyon walls during all the day . 
 men crouched along the stream , shoveling river gravel into wooden rockers and sluices , looking for nuggets of gold . 
 zeke disappeared into the saloon . 
 charlotte sagged , shivery , onto a nearby boulder , too tired to wonder what might happen next . 
 the locals watched her the way you might gaze at a little bird , singing in a tree . 
 except in this place there were no birds and no trees . 
 just stumps . 
 an enormous mongrel with matted black fur walked straight up and rested its head on her knee . 
 she stroked him behind his ears . 
 periodically , gunfire sounded from the direction of the saloon . 
 the first couple of times , charlotte flinched , and as she coaxed her heartbeat down from a gallop , she cocked her ears to listen for cries of agony or despair , fear or anger , but there was always just laughter and hubbub . 
 the shooting continued , with a long enough interval between each shot to persuade her that maybe it was the last . 
 until the last shot . 
 the mongrel looked up . 
 then , she distinctly heard someone say , `` oh , hell ! 
 you stupid ... '' she turned to the log and canvas saloon , as though she could see through the walls . 
 the laughter had died . 
 the hubbub stopped bubbling . 
 the men around her seemed to hold their breath . 
 another shot punctuated the silence . 
 long minutes passed . 
 no one moved . 
 then a wizened little fellow with a belt wrapped twice around his waist slipped through the canvas door flap , half-turned his head charlotte 's direction , then ambled charlotte 's way , like he did n't like where his feet were taking him . 
 the dog leaned on charlotte 's leg with enough weight to pinion her in place . 
 `` well ... '' said the little fellow . 
 `` well ... we was shootin ' rats , and it seems ol' slim mistake him for one , an ' it seems he has gone to his maker . '' 
 he snatched the battered hat off his head as an afterthought . 
 `` you 'll be relieved to know , i ' z sure , that we dai n't let ` im suffer . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` you is the wife of that curly-head boy , ai n't you ? '' 
 then a funny thing happened to charlotte . 
 a tiny ray of sunshine reached all the way down into the bottom of that canyon and she swore she felt its warmth on the top of her head . 
 that was before she slid to the ground . 
 a few yards uphill , they folded zeke 's body into a shallow pit and piled rocks on top . 
 they coaxed charlotte up there with soft words , nudged a stool against the backs of her knees so that she collapsed onto it . 
 `` aye , but i walk to the valley of death , uh , but fear no evil . 
 my ashes turn to dust . 
 may he rest in peace , '' said the little man with the double-wrapped belt . 
 he looked up . 
 `` anybody got anything ? '' 
 `` amen , '' said one of the other men . 
 `` amen , '' they echoed . 
 she awoke the next morning in a heap of pine boughs , covered by a buffalo robe , in the corner of a dirt-floored cabin . 
 she flicked aside the blanket partitioning her from the rest of the room . 
 in the light of glowing coals in the fire pit she could pick out the shadowy lumps of several men on the floor . 
 maybe she should have felt frightened . 
 she should have been sad . 
 but all she felt was grateful . 
 charlotte rose and tiptoed between the men , stepped outside to relieve herself before the men woke up . 
 she paused as an owl hooted , `` hoo-hoo-hoo , '' and watched a tinge of purple lighten the sky to the east , in the black vee of the canyon walls . 
 it was surprisingly warm . 
 the air smelled of wood smoke and pine . 
 as charlotte turned back toward the cabin , a shadow separated itself from the general darkness and moved toward her . 
 she stifled a squeak of alarm . 
 `` i did n't mean to startle you , miss. . . 
 ma'am . 
 could we have a word ? '' 
 charlotte paused , fingering the buttons at her neck . 
 he continued , `` i know that this might seem a bit quick , since your husband just passed yesterday but i 've been thinking ... you 'll need a man to watch out for you . 
 i need a wife , and i 'd be proud to have you . 
 mighty proud . '' 
 `` but i do n't even know your name . '' 
 `` i 'm mccoy . '' 
 ah . 
 her host . 
 owner of the log cabin , the stool and the buffalo robe . 
 she remembered a tall man , less filthy that the others , who had tried so hard to make her comfortable . 
 she supposed she did owe him and he really might make a decent husband . 
 certainly no worse than the one she 'd arrived with . 
 `` i 'm sorry , mccoy , i just could n't see you clearly . '' 
 `` you do n't have to decide right now , '' he said . 
 that was her first proposal . 
 by mid-morning , she was hiding in the back of mccoy 's cabin and the entire population of the valley milled about outside . 
 mccoy stood at the door , revolver in hand . 
 `` give us a look , mccoy . '' 
 `` you 're holdin ' out on us and it ai n't fair . '' 
 `` let the lady decide for herself who she 'll marry . '' 
 charlotte was both frightened and flattered . 
 if the men back home in missouri had gotten this worked up over her , she might not have run away with worthless zeke , who got himself mistaken for a rat . 
 `` let her come out and talk to us or we 'll shoot ye ' , by god ! '' 
 mccoy slipped in the door and said , `` miss charlotte , ma'am , i think they 're serious . '' 
 charlotte had come to the same conclusion . 
 plus , she wanted to get a look at her choices . 
 perhaps she could do better . 
 perhaps a rich man , well-dressed . 
 this time she would n't just take the first fast-talker who came her way . 
 so she stepped behind her curtain and re-braided her hair , spit into her handkerchief and scrubbed her face , breathed iron into her spine and asked for the stool . 
 she perched herself just outside mccoy 's door , arranged her muddy skirts around her as the men fell silent . 
 `` each gentleman may speak two sentences to me , '' she whispered . 
 mccoy repeated her stipulation in a booming voice that echoed off the canyon walls . 
 `` and no touching ! '' 
 the men pushed and wrestled for the privilege of speaking to charlotte . 
 the first few squandered their words with introductions and how-do-you-do 's . 
 after that , her suitors got more creative . 
 some tried jokes . 
 others used compliments . 
 it was all a blur , until paul . 
 he said , `` i am an honest illinois man with the richest claim in the valley . 
 and i will make you a queen . '' 
 `` is that true ? '' 
 charlotte murmured to mccoy . 
 mccoy 's eyes smoldered as he examined the competition . 
 the other men would pounce on any self-serving lie . 
 `` it 's possible , '' mccoy said at last . 
 a day later , charlotte accompanied paul up the valley to the long shot lode . 
 they barely had time to tie down the canvas roof on his log-sided tent and stack up firewood before the snow came hurling down the mountainside , burying the valley . 
 paul scratched holes in the frozen earth . 
 charlotte hauled buckets of rock . 
 the wind cut through the forest , through the walls of their tent , right through their clothing . 
 it seemed to scour their very bones . 
 on the coldest days , they never left their fireside . 
 paul spoke as though they were rich , but whenever charlotte wondered what was real , she just looked at her calloused hands , felt the knots in her shoulders . 
 that was real . 
 there was n't any gold in her calloused hands . 
 there was n't any mink on her knotted shoulders . 
 gold , she was beginning to suspect , was just another fairy-tale . 
 unfortunately , she was snowed in , stuck with paul until spring . 
 one day , however , paul came running from the cave with a lump of gold half the size of his thumb . 
 it was shaped like a bear , with tiny bear claws and an eye that gazed at charlotte askance . 
 tears ran down charlotte 's face as she imagined that maybe they would be rich after all . 
 not long after , paul started coughing . 
 green gobs of his phlegm dotted the cabin 's dirt floor . 
 then one day he could n't get up . 
 charlotte nursed him impartially and dreamed of the day he would die and set her free . 
 in his delirium , he fixated on the golden bear . 
 he told her of the indian warning about taking things from the cave . 
 he begged her to fling the gold bear back where it came from . 
 when she could n't stand his whining any longer , she snatched up the gold bear , marched away and thrust it under a stone just inside the cave 's mouth . 
 she was careful to mark the spot so that she could retrieve it later . 
 the next day , he died . 
 it took all of her strength to drag his body through the snow . 
 she left him under a pile of brush near his brother 's grave . 
 wolves scattered his bones through the frozen aspen grove . 
 for weeks , she heard them snarling and howling at night . 
 she never left the cabin without a gun . 
 once , she shot a hare . 
 another time , a squirrel . 
 mostly , she made bread in a dutch oven on the fire pit and fed the fire and stared at the rough log walls , the leaky canvas roof , the snow that blew through the cracks and dusted the floor . 
 and while she sat there , she told herself the story of her life , and the story of her glorious future . 
 she talked about her days as she went through them , and she answered herself , too . 
 the conversations were most engaging when she argued . 
 she started to miss paul , in spite of herself . 
 his ranting had given her new things to think about . 
 caring for him had given her a purpose . 
 the dim warmth of his frail body next to her on their pine bough bunk had comforted her at night . 
 and when the snow melted , charlotte found that the word had got out about the long shot lode . 
 the valley flooded with new prospectors and a tent city sprang up around her almost overnight . 
 they called the town long shot . 
 charlotte realized that mining would make her rich after all . 
 men could mine the ground . 
 she would mine the men . 
 word spread that charlotte had been widowed once again . 
 men trailed her around like puppies . 
 mccoy was one of her first callers . 
 he brought her a burro laden with bacon , beans , tea and a bolt of the most beautiful sky blue wool . 
 god only knew where he had found such a thing . 
 as she wolfed down beans , she rejected his proposal . 
 after all , she 'd been married twice already and she was starting to think marriage was n't all it was cracked up to be . 
 eyeing that beautiful bolt of cloth , charlotte proposed something altogether different : a business partnership . 
 mccoy took what he could get . 
 she left the gold bear in the cave . 
 if things fell apart , she could always find it again . 
 it was her secret ticket out . 
 but it was a tricky ticket . 
 after all , it might be cursed , from what paul had said . 
 charlotte had spent many hours mulling it over as she stared into the fire that past winter . 
 and it was a heck of a coincidence that paul died as soon as she had returned the bear to the cave . 
 up until then , she had been trapped . 
 charlotte and mccoy invested the rest of mccoy 's money in four chipped drinking glasses and two barrels of taos lightning -lrb- laced with pepper , tobacco and gunpowder -rrb- . 
 by charlotte 's door , they hung a sign : `` long shot saloon . '' 
 the saloon was a hit . 
 but charlotte knew the men did n't come just for whiskey . 
 they came to look at her . 
 what fools ! 
 sometimes , she let her gown slip at little off her shoulder , hitched it up above her knees as she lounged on her bed of pine boughs , chattering cheerfully . 
 mccoy collected their pinches of gold dust and doled out taos lightning . 
 surprisingly , many miners did strike gold in the valley . 
 most of their newfound wealth funneled to charlotte . 
 a man worked seventeen hours of the day , drank away each day 's earnings at the long shot saloon . 
 the business thrived . 
 charlotte sent for more whiskey and built a two-story addition with a proper roof . 
 in spite of all her misgivings , she fell in love with mccoy . 
 she held firm on the subject of marriage , though . 
 whenever he proposed , she said , `` respectability would be bad for business , mccoy . '' 
 she never called him by his given name . 
 over the next year , they built a line of shacks out back for working girls and hauled in a piano . 
 they hired a bouncer , then two , grubstaked miners . 
 their doors never closed , and they set out a free buffet every afternoon . 
 why give the customers a reason to leave ? 
 charlotte brought in a consultant from denver to take a look at her cave . 
 he confirmed something that charlotte had long suspected : the long shot mine would never yield gold . 
 the geology of it was all wrong . 
 to keep people out , she had the cave sealed with a vault door and built a new establishment on top of it , snug up to the cliff . 
 this one was classy . 
 they called it the long shot hotel . 
 down in the cave , behind that vault door , the loot piled up : leather bags full of gold dust and nuggets , silver , coins , jewels , guns . 
 charlotte was n't picky about how her customers paid , as long as they paid lavishly . 
 and under it all was the golden bear . 
 was it a curse or a good luck charm ? 
 she was n't sure , so she kept it there in a wooden box inlaid with mother of pearl . 
 hillsides spilled piles of lurid orange and yellow dirt . 
 a haze of smoke hung over town . 
 on charlotte 's twentieth birthday , the elaborate mirrored oak bar arrived from new york , hauled by a team of oxen . 
 around it , charlotte built a magnificent sandstone hotel , a first-class resort with every luxury : running water , fireplaces and gas lights . 
 later she added electricity and an elevator . 
 it was five stories tall , with casement windows to catch the light , and a porticoed entryway accessed by shallow sandstone steps . 
 heavy glass and oak doors led into a tiled lobby with a mosaic ceiling . 
 on the second floor were the grand oak bar and gambling salons . 
 furnishings of velvet and leather and crystal were imported from europe . 
 the working girls moved their trunks of tacky clothes to the third and fourth floors . 
 the sheriff and the preacher did their business at the bar . 
 charlotte tired of men ogling her , grabbing her breasts , all the suggestive remarks they thought were so clever . 
 she had her portrait painted , nude , on the wall above the bar . 
 that way , the men could still ogle her , but she could focus on running the business . 
 she hired and fired , ordered supplies , bribed politicians , broke up fights . 
 from noon to dawn every day she worked , and she was good at it . 
 mccoy was more suited to drinking and gambling . 
 chapter 5 from the beginning , long shot had more than its share of sudden rises and falls of fortune , coincidences and catastrophes . 
 whatever happened there , happened on a large scale . 
 the weather changed in half a day from balmy to blizzard . 
 forests burned . 
 mines exploded . 
 people disappeared , rioted , dueled . 
 they said that life was hard and unpredictable on the frontier , and that perhaps long shot was no worse than anywhere else . 
 so although there was talk , everyone still wanted to try their luck in long shot . 
 where else could you make your fortune in a day ? 
 early one morning when the smell of champagne and cigars lingered in the silent salons , charlotte recorded the night 's takings at her writing desk in her office behind the bar . 
 mccoy stuck his head in the doorway . 
 `` you look tired , my love . 
 go to bed . 
 i 'll take care of the rest . '' 
 bleary eyed , she nodded , unhooked the skeleton key she kept chained to her waist . 
 he hefted the two leather pouches of gold , took the key from her hand . 
 she started toward her private apartment on the fifth floor , then doubled back and tailed him silently down the stairs to the kitchen , where the light of his candle flickered in an icy breeze as he eased open the side door . 
 delicate gloved hands took one of the sacks from mccoy . 
 the ribboned hem of a skirt caught the candle light for just a moment and swished away . 
 charlotte knew that skirt . 
 it belonged to big peg , one of her working girls , who had left her just two days before with a story of a sick mother and tears in her eyes . 
 false tears . 
 charlotte let mccoy dally with the girls . 
 he was a man , after all . 
 but he could n't just hand them sacks of gold . 
 mccoy set the remaining bag on the floor just inside the door . 
 charlotte tailed him down the stone steps to the dark basement , where the cave entrance was sealed by a steel vault door . 
 she watched as he set the candle holder on a shelf and unlocked the heavy door . 
 when he emerged seconds later with two more sacks of gold , charlotte stepped forward , blocking his way . 
 he froze . 
 she said , `` i was surprised when you offered to help . 
 usually , you 're in bed by now , with peg . '' 
 the pearl-handled pistol she drew from her bodice leapt in her hand , making a startlingly unfeminine bang . 
 oh , my god , i 've shot him , she thought , as he sagged forward and dropped the sacks . 
 she had n't really made up her mind whether she was going to do that or not , but her finger had done it anyway . 
 `` please do n't kill me , '' he choked . 
 `` do n't you be making me the bad guy , '' she said as she wrenched the key from the lock with shaking hands and looped the keychain around his neck . 
 what right did he have to make her feel guilty ? 
 there was a baby growing under charlotte 's skirt and mccoy was trying to leave . 
 she pulled the chain tight to silence his pleas , then dragged him through the door . 
 she untangled the chain from his hair and beard , shoved the dropped bags of gold in after him and locked him inside . 
 then she picked up the pistol and the candle . 
 on her way upstairs , charlotte stopped by the side door and gazed down at the sack of gold there for a moment . 
 then she cracked open the door and whistled softly . 
 sure enough , big peg slipped from the shadows . 
 charlotte thrust the bag of gold at her and said : `` mccoy wo n't be keeping his appointment with you . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry ma'am . 
 i did n't -- '' `` i do n't want to hear it . '' 
 charlotte bolted the door and went up to her room . 
 indignation surged through her veins . 
 but she knew that she 'd handled the situation correctly . 
 tomorrow or the next day , she would confide to one of her girls that mccoy and big peg had run off together . 
 no one would look for him after that . 
 it happened all the time , especially to old ladies of twenty-one . 
 why had she let peg take the money ? 
 charlotte lay awake wondering . 
 maybe because it would keep her mouth shut , stop her looking for mccoy and get her out of town . 
 that afternoon , charlotte put on her stoutest boots and least stylish gown , wrapped her head in a cotton scarf and let herself into the vault . 
 she was careful not to look at mccoy 's dead body . 
 paul had told her an interesting story before he fell ill , of a secret passage that led from the cave to a mystical other world . 
 charlotte had watched him stack rocks to seal off a gap at the base of the cavern wall . 
 charlotte did n't buy into his talk of a mystical other world , but in spite of herself , she was relieved when the barrier was completed . 
 the sweet , cold air that breathed up through that gap had made her feel as though she was standing atop a precipice , leaning , leaning out over the abyss . 
 months later , when paul had ranted in delirium about his partner rudy , about hunger and the taste of human flesh , she thought she could guess what was hidden behind that stack of stones . 
 now charlotte crouched in the dirt by mccoy 's corpse and flung stones in a semicircle behind her until she exposed a slot , barely a foot high . 
 she stuck her candle inside , flopped onto her stomach and strained to see what she could see . 
 instead of a catacomb , she found a tight passage . 
 the sweet odor she remembered swirled through her nostrils , and this time it was irresistible , like falling in love , like flying . 
 and she realized that it was all meant to be . 
 mccoy 's death , far from a tragedy , was the beginning of a new life for her . 
 hours later , back in her suite on the fifth floor , charlotte bathed , tightened her corset until her head spun and put on a new silk dress with black jet beads . 
 her eyes sparkled in her dressing table mirror . 
 all of her aches and troubles , all the years , fell away . 
 that night , she took in more gold than ever before . 
 triumphant , she hauled the sacks down to the vault , unlocked the heavy door . 
 and immediately when she stepped inside the vault , she rushed into the embrace of the cave . 
 she swung the door shut , locked it behind her , threw off her evening dress and stripped to her corset and bloomers . 
 then she lay on her back and wriggled into the slot she 'd uncovered the night before . 
 once she had passed through , she sat upright . 
 she reached back and brought out her candle in its holder . 
 its light danced over the rough walls of a tunnel just high enough for a person to walk upright . 
 a whole new world , waiting just for her . 
 she stepped forward cautiously . 
 rubble pinched her feet in their dainty embroidered slippers . 
 the passage widened , and in a niche to the left was a black hole as wide as a whiskey barrel . 
 she crouched and lowered her candle to take a look . 
 below her was a chamber , perhaps the size of the original long shot saloon . 
 how perfect ! 
 how fitting ! 
 she went back , took mccoy 's collar and tugged him behind her , inch-by-inch , through the slot , pulling on his hair , his suspenders , kicking his knees out of the way with the heel of her slippers . 
 something went `` crack ! '' 
 and finally he was on the other side . 
 she lined up his feet with the whiskey barrel-sized hole , heaved him up by the armpits and pushed . 
 he thumped to the ground below . 
 then she collapsed , panting and sweating . 
 and she cried . 
 again and again over the following weeks , charlotte found herself drawn back to that spot . 
 she kneeled next to the whiskey barrel-shaped hole , breathed the sweet air of the cavern deep into her lungs . 
 shared her problems , her triumphs with mccoy 's corpse . 
 he always knew a way that things might turn out differently . 
 she began to see that the present was really very malleable . 
 that right and wrong , true and false , dead and alive did n't really exist . 
 for her visits to mccoy , she bought a resin-hardened felt hat and a newfangled miner 's `` teapot '' lamp that hooked onto it . 
 a flame shot out of the spout , illuminating her way , leaving her hands free . 
 she dragged an old ladder in , clambered down to be closer to mccoy in his crypt . 
 when her belly got too big to wriggle through the slot , she often lay in the vault , a sack of gold dust for a pillow , and whispered to mccoy . 
 her voice echoed away through the cavern . 
 she imagined that he could hear , but it was n't the same as being right there in his crypt . 
 more direct access to mccoy was what she needed . 
 she envisioned a hidden door from the third floor , a stone staircase leading down to a spot halfway between the vault and mccoy 's crypt . 
 she could blast a new door into the vault . 
 no more crawling around in the dirt . 
 she could stroll from one chamber to another easily . 
 meeting with mccoy would be much easier , she would n't have to lug bags of gold through the kitchen , and she could keep a closer eye on her earnings . 
 no more unfortunate incidents like the one that had led to mccoy 's demise . 
 no , she was n't angry about that . 
 what was done was done . 
 immediately after he was born , charlotte sent mccoy 's baby upstairs to the working girls . 
 in a cold sweat , she lurched down to see mccoy . 
 he would be surprised to learn that he had an heir and glad that he had n't deserted her . 
 the hotel prospered . 
 charlotte was both there and not there . 
 people whispered that charlotte disappeared for hours at a time . 
 but on the edge of the wilderness , where lives and fortunes were lost in the blink of an eye , where everything was changeable , where the worst could happen at any moment , it paid to be on charlotte 's good side . 
 it almost looked like chance , in a land so volatile , but not quite . 
 charlotte 's enemies suffered . 
 those who were loyal prospered . 
 chapter 6 the years passed quickly in long shot until 1868 . 
 in the depths of winter , when the gods hurled stinging pellets of ice over the ridge tops and back again , when the river froze and there was no water for sluicing , luke foolishly started the trek up the canyon from boulder to long shot . 
 his story nearly ended with him slumped in the doorway of the long shot hotel , fingers too frozen to grip the doorknob . 
 one of charlotte 's bouncers woke him from a warm and peaceful dream , dragged him inside and thawed him out . 
 when word reached charlotte that the newcomer could n't speak . 
 charlotte took an inordinate interest in him . 
 she dubbed him bonesy because he was so skinny , and as soon as he could limp around on his own , she brought him down to meet mccoy . 
 bonesy swallowed his dismay , doffed his brimmed hat and bowed to the corpse . 
 after all , miss charlotte had saved his life . 
 `` no one can keep their head in long shot , bonesy . 
 i try to make allowances , but this boggles the mind : my workers have blasted too deep and in the wrong direction , and now my private little tunnel goes nowhere . 
 it ends a foot under this stake here . 
 what 's that mccoy ? 
 yes , perhaps it is for the best , but i 'm still angry ! '' 
 bonesy tried not to look at the corpse . 
 what did this have to do with bonesy ? 
 he waited . 
 `` the tunnel was supposed to end up above us , near the vault , '' she said . 
 `` but due to the new , surprise layout , i want to move the contents of the vault to this room . 
 that 's your job . '' 
 she brought him jerky , crackers and beer , a pile of rags to sleep in and a kerosene lantern . 
 bonesy set to work . 
 his mind travelled far and wide as his body did the job . 
 most of the time , when his mind returned from its travels , his lantern had burnt out and bonesy was lying on his side in the rubble . 
 he would argue with himself about the pros and cons of continuing and the pro side would kick him back into motion , like kicking a stone off a hill . 
 there were a lot of interesting things in that pile : bags of gold dust and nuggets , pocket watches , shiny stones , a music box . 
 he wound up the music box , and the song , so sad to begin with , got slower and sadder as the works ran down . 
 what is the point , he wondered , of anything in this world ? 
 bonesy knew better than to listen again . 
 at the bottom of the heap , he came upon an inlaid box . 
 inside , he found a heavy gold nugget that very much resembled a bear . 
 he could see the teeth , the ears , the round belly , the stubby legs . 
 someone had scratched on tiny claws and an eye . 
 it was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen , so much more elegant and noble than the rest of that flashy heap . 
 it reminded him of tales his ute grandmother used to tell . 
 of how bear slept underground through the winter . 
 of how a bear could take different shapes to punish a boy who did not live as he should . 
 charlotte walked in on him as he crouched there , examining the gold bear . 
 he tried to hide it behind his back but he was too late . 
 she saw the inlaid box lying on its side in the dirt . 
 `` oh , you like that one , do you ? '' 
 he flinched and hurried to fumble it back into the box . 
 it flew out of his fingers and clinked into the wall by her shin . 
 bonesy held his breath . 
 `` i like it , too . '' 
 she stooped to pick it up , examined it . '' 
 i call it the golden bear . 
 it might be cursed , though . 
 you can have it if you want . 
 really . 
 i 'm curious to see what happens . '' 
 she set it on the ground halfway between them . 
 `` mccoy will tell me if you take anything else . '' 
 bonesy nodded . 
 he reached slowly for the bear , watching her face to make sure she had n't changed her mind , and tucked it into his long johns for safekeeping . 
 she rolled her eyes and left . 
 when he had finished moving all the treasure the next day , bonesy huddled in the pile of rags by the vault door . 
 the lock shifted . 
 the flame of charlotte 's teapot lamp preceded her . 
 she turned and dragged in a shovel and pick axe then leaned back on the door . 
 he wondered vaguely if he 'd be allowed to leave now . 
 somehow he doubted it . 
 `` bonesy , i 'm pleased with your work , '' she said . 
 `` i had a hunch that you 'd be different . 
 why do you think that is ? 
 do you think it has to do with being dumb ? '' 
 actually , bonesy was n't exactly dumb . 
 but the sounds that came out of his mouth had never matched what he intended , so he had long ago learned to keep silent . 
 bonesy shrugged . 
 `` and i have another job for you , since my tunnel builders had to be shot . 
 do n't ever believe anyone who says that 's easy . 
 i was heartbroken . 
 you understand , do n't you ? 
 anyway you always look so sympathetic . '' 
 did he ? 
 bonesy wondered . 
 he was n't sure what he thought most of the time . 
 he did n't think sympathy described it . 
 `` i need you to finish my tunnel project . 
 you remember that stake i showed you ? '' 
 he followed charlotte through the slot , down the ladder to mccoy 's room . 
 she inspected his work , chatted with mccoy . 
 `` now , bonesy , i do n't want this stuff just heaped here . 
 i want it organized . 
 gold over here , jewelry there , coins and so forth . '' 
 she pointed around the space . 
 `` when you 've finished that , start digging . 
 make the hole big enough for a man . '' 
 bonesy wondered whether he could tackle her , take the key and escape . 
 while he was considering it , she left . 
 chapter 7 sometimes , bonesy felt so lucid it was painful , because then he remembered that he was imprisoned , and the hopelessness and ugliness of his situation . 
 most times , he drifted , only half aware of what he was doing . 
 occasionally , though , something wonderful happened : he felt a pull , like a fish hook in his chest , and his breath and his memories and his will whooshed gloriously out through the top of his head , leaving a hole that ached around the edges . 
 because of the ache , he knew that the whoosh was bad for him , and it was scary to wake up and not know where he was or what he 'd done , but it was n't like he could control it , and also , it felt so good , at least at first . 
 that first whoosh was like nothing he 'd ever experienced before . 
 after one of those whooshes , he woke up with charlotte 's ruffled bloomers in his face . 
 she was ranting and pulling on his arm . 
 her teapot lamp roared and shot rainbows . 
 around them was a chamber with marble pillars and walls of snowy white , where icicles of rock hung from the ceiling . 
 later , back in mccoy 's crypt with a pick in his hands , hacking away at the stony ground , bonesy wondered whether he had imagined that chamber of wonders . 
 charlotte appeared with his crackers and beer -lrb- sometimes she could be kind -rrb- . 
 she was disappointed in his work , she said . 
 he 'd managed to dig several shallow pits , all of them in the wrong places . 
 `` i 'll give you another day , '' she said . 
 her voice was understanding . 
 `` but i ca n't keep you around just because i like you . 
 do n't try to sneak off again . '' 
 she did n't say so , but bonesy knew that if he could n't finish in time , she would kill him . 
 maybe she 'd tip him into one of the hollows he 'd dug or bury him under her flashy heap of treasure , like the golden bear . 
 he thought that she would leave , then , but it seemed there was something else on her mind . 
 she dusted gravel off a tooled leather accordion case and sat on it . 
 inspected him while he guzzled his beer and broke off chunks of cracker with numb fingers . 
 `` before you go back to work , i want you to take me to the place where i found you yesterday . '' 
 bonesy swallowed wrong , choked and coughed , sprayed charlotte with beer and soggy crackers . 
 how could he find it again ? 
 he had n't even been sure it existed . 
 charlotte swiped the beer mug from him and threw the dregs in his face . 
 `` try to concentrate . '' 
 bonesy licked the beer from his dripping beard while he strained to remember the previous day . 
 then he got to his feet , climbed the ladder , and headed down the tunnel with charlotte behind him . 
 he had no idea where he was going . 
 he hoped that maybe luck would be with him , and it was , because when he neared a certain cleft in the rock wall , charlotte slowed . 
 he just glimpsed it out of the corner of his eye . 
 he hesitated and she nodded him in . 
 in that moment , bonesy realized that charlotte already knew where they were going . 
 he focused all of his intention on reading her body language . 
 when she shifted her body , he turned , and so on . 
 and then she was still . 
 she seemed to be waiting for him to make a decision . 
 bonesy looked around him . 
 charlotte 's teapot lamp flickered and spit . 
 shattered limestone pressed from all sides . 
 there was no chamber of wonders . 
 no pillars . 
 he stepped one way , then the other , but everywhere was ugly broken rock . 
 bonesy started to panic . 
 he was doomed . 
 she would shoot him right there , he was sure of it . 
 she 'd think that he 'd led her purposely astray . 
 then , a miracle occurred . 
 charlotte said , `` yes , this is where i thought it was , too . 
 but maybe it 's not a place , not really . '' 
 bonesy shifted so he could see her better . 
 `` do you think that 's possible ? '' 
 she asked . 
 bonesy nodded enthusiastically . 
 anything to live until tomorrow . 
 something had shifted in bonesy the moment he realized that he would die in the cavern below the long shot hotel . 
 he thought of his children back in missouri , growing up in that mirthless house with their disappointed mother and her parents , who were never satisfied , whatever he did . 
 he 'd never return with sacks of gold to liberate them , to give them the happiness and security they deserved . 
 they 'd think he 'd deserted them , and who could blame them ? 
 they 'd think he 'd run away , and they 'd grow up sure that their father had never loved them . 
 bonesy 's father-in-law had never approved of the match . 
 how could a man who could n't speak provide for his family ? 
 but gretchen had seen something in him . 
 at least at first . 
 and then the years had passed , and her eyes had grown hard , and her encouragement had turned to nagging . 
 and bonesy 's -lrb- or luke , as he was known in that other life -rrb- confidence had ebbed with every failure . 
 early one morning , he woke his son and his daughter , snuggled under the quilt in the bed in the corner , and he looked into their sleepy eyes and tried to give them a message : `` i love you more than anything in the world , so i am going off across the prairie to the mountains to strike it rich , and when i return , i will buy you everything you ever wanted . '' 
 but he got it wrong . 
 instead of understanding , they just looked frightened , and emily called for her mommy , so bonesy had run out of the house , scowling . 
 that was what his babies would remember of him : that he fled like a bandit . 
 bonesy wondered how his children had grown in the past year . 
 was jake running around in the road with the other children ? 
 was he speaking in full sentences , prattling on like his sister ? 
 bonesy was so proud of her many words . 
 how long did bonesy have these thoughts ? 
 it was impossible to tell in the cavern , where time was so fickle . 
 chapter 8 bonesy leaned on his pick next to a shallow hole he 'd dug . 
 madam charlotte would be returning any minute to check on his progress . 
 she would not be pleased . 
 he tried to think of a way to escape , but his mind refused to focus . 
 he could clobber her with the pick if he could catch her , but it seemed like she moved at twice the speed he did . 
 he hoped mccoy could n't read his thoughts . 
 yes , he knew mccoy was dead , but still ... bonesy gazed unseeing at the jumble of treasure from charlotte 's vault . 
 he felt the golden bear in the fabric of his long johns . 
 it had worked its way down the front to his crotch , then had dropped down his leg . 
 it was now lodged somewhere around his knee . 
 the golden bear was his future . 
 if he ever made it out of here , he would sell it for some fertile farmland with a little house . 
 new boots for jake and emily . 
 a beaver stole for his wife gretchen . 
 then he heard voices , voices so faint it was like they came from another world . 
 they seemed to come from his left , so he tiptoed that way and placed his ear to the rock . 
 the voices stopped , and all he heard was his own breath . 
 bonesy stepped back , stumbled to another spot and listened again . 
 now the voices were behind him , and above . 
 he gazed toward the ceiling , where shadows shifted with the sway of the lantern in his hand . 
 one spot in particular seemed to be more than just shadow . 
 bonesy lapsed into indecision . 
 perhaps it was something . 
 perhaps it was nothing . 
 would he be better off digging madam charlotte 's hole than investigating disembodied voices ? 
 how would he even reach that high ? 
 he put a tentative foot on a sack of gold dust . 
 if he climbed up higher , would he be able to see the ceiling better ? 
 still undecided , he flopped over the top of the pile on his stomach . 
 when he tried to stand , he tripped and crumpled to his knees . 
 the lantern swung wildly in his hand and the chamber 's ladder seemed to dance in his vision . 
 bonesy stared at the ladder , trying to decipher what it was telling him . 
 all at once , it came to him . 
 he found himself wrenching at the ladder , dancing with it as he tried to rock it from leg to leg across the floor . 
 it was floppy and reluctant , and the shafts kept getting hung up on the ceiling . 
 it reeled and almost toppled with him , but somehow he kept it upright . 
 bonesy , who had always been too shy to dance , was leading this waltz . 
 he dragged it up on top of the treasure pile , got one shaft wedged in the dark spot in the ceiling , picked up the lantern , stepped up as the ladder wobbled with his shifting weight . 
 at the top , he held the lantern in his trembling hand up into an inky gash , and heard a voice from far away say , `` yes ! '' . 
 bonesy was so taken aback that he lost his footing and toppled off the ladder . 
 the lantern crashed to the ground . 
 but he had heard all he needed . 
 he felt around , grabbed a leather pouch and stood , jammed his hand in and brought out fistfuls of gold dust . 
 the air glittered in the guttering lantern light as he shoved as much as he could into his pockets . 
 then he heard charlotte call to him , `` bonesy ! '' 
 bonesy scrambled up the ladder , heaved himself up into the ceiling , and in his exertions , kicked down the ladder , which collapsed onto the lantern . 
 the lantern flared brightly and died . 
 he felt the golden bear slip down to his ankle , but there was no time to retrieve it . 
 he prayed that his boot top would keep it from falling out . 
 bonesy threw himself forward into a winding crevice . 
 his breath echoed . 
 he could hear his own heartbeat , as though the cavern breathed and lived with him , through him . 
 the crevice guided him upward . 
 when he stopped and held very still , he thought he could hear the voices . 
 then , he saw a faint flicker of a flame , heard the voices almost beside him . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 said one voice . 
 `` it looks like a light , '' the other replied . 
 bonesy shrank back , confused . 
 the lantern had been smashed . 
 how could they see him ? 
 did he glow ? 
 did his eyes shine ? 
 he squeezed them shut . 
 then , ever so faintly , he heard madam charlotte 's angry yell . 
 was she coming after him ? 
 had she sent the men with the voices to find him ? 
 if so , he was trapped between the two . 
 was there no escape ? 
 the men moved off . 
 bonesy heard them argue . 
 rocks clattered . 
 no . 
 whatever was happening had nothing to do with him . 
 bonesy held his breath , leaned forward to peer around the corner and came face-to-face with another man , backlit by a prick of light . 
 bonesy froze . 
 the other man yelped and took off running . 
 bonesy watched for a moment , astonished . 
 madam charlotte must be coming ! 
 bonesy bolted after him , saw two men clamber up and out through a ray of sunlight , grasping at ledges in the rock . 
 blinking and gasping , bonesy popped out of a hole in the ground above timberline . 
 the two men in front of him bounded away like deer . 
 chapter 9 when charlotte stepped through the vault door with her teapot lantern and her pearl handled pistol at the ready , the odor of sweat seemed diminished . 
 she sniffed the air . 
 he was around somewhere , but not near . 
 something was wrong . 
 `` yoo-hoo ! 
 bonesy ? '' 
 silence , then a clatter that set her hair on end . 
 she wormed through the gap toward mccoy 's crypt , knelt down and peered inside . 
 the ladder had collapsed . 
 bonesy was gone . 
 `` where did he go , mccoy ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he had to be somewhere in the warren of tunnels ahead . 
 she continued down the passage , turned and squirmed through a cleft in the fractured tunnel wall . 
 at the spot where she had found bonesy the last time , she paused . 
 but the chamber draped in liquid marble was still not there . 
 she took up the chase again , deeper into the mountain . 
 the cleft sloped mostly upward and through a tight constriction . 
 then downward she wriggled by the flame of her teapot lamp , through sweating rocks until she realized that she could stand . 
 slowly , she straightened and looked around her . 
 water seeped from seams in the walls and dripped into puddles . 
 ploink ... ploink . 
 then , she heard something else : the murmur of voices . 
 charlotte froze . 
 fear and dismay washed through her , then indignation . 
 who was trespassing in her cave ? 
 how dare they ? 
 she clambered up a pile of boulders and into a stone gullet . 
 slipped and heaved her way up . 
 poked her head out at the base of what seemed to be a deep shaft . 
 a sound like rain preceded a shower of pebbles . 
 `` damn . '' 
 charlotte heard that word clearly , then more murmuring . 
 then , `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` it looks like a light . '' 
 rage stood on charlotte 's chest . 
 `` who . 
 the hell . 
 are you ? '' 
 the two voices overlapped in quick , questioning tones . 
 they seemed to be arguing . 
 then a rock whistled out of nowhere and clattered off the wall by charlotte 's head . 
 she ducked back into her hole , crab walked back down , tumbled to the ground . 
 crawling back to mccoy , she almost cried with frustration when she got hung up at the tight spot . 
 the miner 's lamp sagged to the side and set fire to a loose tendril of hair . 
 she freed a hand and slapped at it , fought her way through . 
 stumbling upright , she ripped the lamp from her hat , and ran back to mccoy . 
 over the opening to his crypt she paused , the flaming lamp gripped in gloved fingers . 
 `` he got away , '' said mccoy . 
 `` yes , but i found something more important . '' 
 charlotte inhaled a lungful of sweet air . 
 `` there 's another way into my cave . '' 
 the next night , one of charlotte 's bartenders sauntered charlotte 's way and murmured , `` see the two boys standing down near the end of the bar , i think they 're the ones you 're looking for . 
 they said they discovered a haunted cave yesterday . '' 
 she whispered to a gaunt man slouched at a card table . 
 he wandered over and struck up a conversation , then followed the boys out when they left . 
 dawn had just lighted the ridge top and stained the sky a bloody red . 
 by sunrise the boys were gone . 
 by noon , no one remembered them . 
 chapter 10 leaving long shot was easier than bonesy expected . 
 it was as though no one saw him . 
 perhaps they saw right through him , like a ghost , he was so pale and thin . 
 but the gold dust sifting through bonesy 's pockets made things happen . 
 it bought him a ride on an ox cart to boulder , where he pulled down his sock and stuck his hand up the leg of his long johns only to confirm what he had suspected all along : the golden bear was gone , dropped somewhere along that twisting crevice he 'd followed to flee from miss charlotte . 
 it was a severe blow . 
 he would have to make do with whatever he 'd managed to cram into his pockets as he escaped . 
 at the side of his in-laws ' home in missouri , bonesy fell off the pony he 'd bought in boulder and staggered to the kitchen door . 
 before he could knock , his wife gretchen opened it , face as blank as the prairie . 
 bonesy put out his hand , uncurled his fingers , and there , in his grimy palm lay three small gold nuggets , enough to buy , perhaps , a little farm of their own . 
 she sighed and turned away , but she left the door open for him . 
 weeks later , after he 'd cleaned up and eaten , and his ghostly face had gained some color , bonesy took a pen , and in the back of the family bible , he wrote in his childish hand an account of his experiences in pike 's peak territory . 
 gretchen pored over it , passed it to her father and mother . 
 it was hard to decipher the spiky script and the erratic spelling , but they understood enough . 
 enough to call him a liar , a thief , a loony . 
 they threw those words at him but he could n't lob them back . 
 the worst part was they used his story as another excuse to turn emily and jake away from him . 
 `` your father is not right in his head , '' they said . 
 but as emily and jake grew older , they discovered the hidden bible , read the story of a cave of wonders and a lost golden bear that might be cursed . 
 bonesy was dead by then . 
 his will and his spirit had drained out of him , and he had faded away . 
 his children passed the bible and the story down to their children , not because they believed , but because it would have been so wonderful if only it were true . 
 back in long shot , charlotte laid claim to the new passages in the mountain behind her hotel , and a heavy metal grate appeared over the upper entrance , far above town . 
 the long shot hotel thrived and expanded until the great depression . 
 then , suddenly , business dried up . 
 charlotte 's riches dwindled . 
 she died alone in her apartment on the fifth floor of the deserted hotel . 
 the son she 'd borne and sent away at the age of three inherited the property from the mother he 'd never really known . 
 he never went back to colorado to see it . 
 it lay vacant for forty years . 
 the vault door stood strong all that time . 
 chapter 11 it was 2013 , just a few days into janie gundy 's purgatory . 
 `` janie ! '' 
 aunt margaret 's caftan sleeves flapped over two generations of gundys like an automatic carwash . 
 `` i am not sad about your dad . '' 
 her eyes shone as she put a dramatic hand to her heart and sniffed . 
 `` he had a good life , and we should be happy that he 's gone on to the void , right ? 
 right ? '' 
 janie had forgotten how intense aunt margaret could be . 
 so many times janie had wished for a better father , someone less embarrassing and better looking , who would talk to her like an adult and send her shopping with his credit card . 
 someone who would n't ask nosy questions about boys or call her friends ' parents `` just to check in '' . 
 but that stuff did n't matter any more . 
 the night of the stolen purse , of the fight with george , had changed everything . 
 dad had died alone while she was off pretending to be a grown up . 
 `` yeah . 
 you know , aunt margaret , i 'm not all that happy . '' 
 janie 's second cousin ben ducked and shifted to protect his plate of potato salad from aunt margaret 's gesturing arms . 
 `` but you should be ! '' 
 aunt margaret craned her neck . 
 her stare was meant to be sympathetic , but janie just felt unclothed . 
 `` he 's gone to the upside-down topsy-turvy , where the impossible is possible , where change changes nothing , because all potentials are already there . '' 
 `` aunt margaret , he did n't believe in that shit . '' 
 `` he did n't have to , '' she said . 
 `` but that 's not where i want him to be . '' 
 janie tried to smile to take the edge off . 
 `` i want him here . 
 i do n't even care if he lectures us about tax law or spills wine down his sweater . 
 even then . 
 i want him sitting right there . '' 
 janie pointed at the sofa , where her second cousin 's self-conscious kids were lined up like russian dolls . 
 then , she drew in a deep breath and burst into tears . 
 aunt margaret swept janie off her chair into a hug . 
 janie hid her face in her bosom and sobbed like a baby until she realized she was trapped . 
 she brought a hand up , cleared out an airway , kneading cloth and bosom aside , then took a shuddering breath . 
 it was just her and aunt margaret now . 
 aunt m , the traitor . 
 `` come live with me , janie . '' 
 not a chance in hell , thought janie . 
 `` i know , you said you do n't want to , but you 're too young to be all alone . '' 
 janie had been taking care of her father since mom left . 
 she could take care of herself . 
 not that she would tell aunt m that . 
 it would make aunt m think she was right about dad , that he was a plodder , a failure . 
 but maybe he would n't be that way if it were n't for mom . 
 mom had broken his heart . 
 `` never trust love at first sight '' , dad had told janie , when she asked about mom . 
 mom had been a student in one of the community school classes dad taught : prepare your own taxes or be credit smart . 
 this was way back when mom was twenty-two and gorgeous . 
 dad was almost fifty , smart and kind . 
 maybe mom had liked that , at first . 
 whatever it was , it wore off . 
 when janie was about ten , mom started going out to bars with her girlfriends and coming home late . 
 sometimes , she bounced in all happy-happy at seven a.m. on saturday . 
 even now , janie did n't like to remember those mornings . 
 and then , the ultimate betrayal : mom moved in with aunt m while she `` got her head together and decided what she wanted out of life . '' 
 and when mom decided she wanted to divorce dad and move into an apartment with a swimming pool , aunt m took mom 's side . 
 janie had heard aunt m and dad arguing about it . 
 aunt m said that dad had stolen mom 's youth , and mom should be allowed to `` live a little before it was too late . '' 
 then mom met this guy brad and moved to el paso , texas to be with him . 
 janie had visited once . 
 there was a drive-in porn theater near their house . 
 that pretty much summed up el paso . 
 janie kept making excuses for why she could n't visit again . 
 mom had n't even come for the funeral , so janie guessed she could stop pretending she wanted to see her . 
 now aunt m was giving janie some sort of pep talk : `` you 're the end of a noble line , janie . '' 
 `` aunt margaret , i hope you 're not telling people we 're ute , 'cause you know it 's not true . '' 
 `` just because there 's no documentation does n't mean it 's not true . 
 it 's oral history . '' 
 `` then why do n't you get your dna tested ? 
 find out for sure . '' 
 `` i do n't need some scientist to tell me what i know in my soul . 
 i have an indian spirit . '' 
 `` well , i 'm pretty sure i do n't have an indian spirit . 
 i 'm not sure i have any spirit at all . '' 
 `` oh , sweetheart , do n't say things like that . 
 you have so much spirit . 
 so much ! '' 
 janie stifled a groan . 
 `` plus , i do n't think you 're supposed to say ` indian ' any more . 
 are n't you supposed to say , like , native american , or -- '' `` well , phooey . 
 i can call myself whatever i -- '' `` okay , it 's not important . '' 
 aunt margaret believed the most outrageous things , as long as they served her . 
 among those things was their ridiculous family mythology . 
 indian blood ? 
 buried treasure ? 
 as though life were some rollicking musical . 
 `` did n't your father ever tell you the story of the golden bear ? '' 
 `` the treasure that great-great-grandpa gundy supposedly stashed in a cave for our family to uncover ? '' 
 `` you think it 's silly . '' 
 `` well , yeah . 
 everybody always wants to think they 're on the verge of striking it rich . 
 nobody seems to want to actually work for a living . '' 
 aunt margaret 's answer was a condescending smile . 
 janie winced . 
 aunt m made a great living selling new age junk to people on the internet . 
 janie was the one who spent all day watching tv . 
 `` i heard you lost your job . '' 
 aunt margaret murmured . 
 `` but it 's probably for the best . '' 
 `` i do n't want to talk about it . '' 
 aunt margaret squeezed her , then held her out to look her in the eye . 
 no , not that again . 
 janie 's eyes kept slipping sideways out of that gaze . 
 `` you should go to college in the fall , janie . 
 you 're smart . '' 
 she gave janie a shake . 
 `` it might not be too late to register at metro state . 
 i 'll pay . '' 
 fingernails dug into janie 's biceps . 
 aunt margaret was surprisingly strong . 
 `` fine , '' said aunt margaret , `` but call me if you 'd like some help . 
 money or a job ? 
 a friend of mine is looking for someone . '' 
 `` i really do n't see myself working in a crystal shop or something , '' said janie . 
 aunt margaret 's friends were a bunch of patchouli-drenched weirdos . 
 `` your father told me you 're interested in marketing . '' 
 janie caught herself nodding . 
 `` well , then , there we go , '' said aunt m. `` no we do n't , '' said janie . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i do n't want your job . '' 
 `` we 'll see . '' 
 chapter 12 craigslist had a few jobs . 
 monster.com had a few more . 
 janie walked into every business in boulder with a resume . 
 she got a couple of interviews . 
 everything fell through . 
 janie imagined them calling storm marketing -lrb- `` take the world by storm ! '' -rrb- 
 to check on her employment history . 
 what would leslie tell them ? 
 would she tell them that janie had been fired ? 
 would she explain why ? 
 `` if you call storm marketing , make sure you talk to george , not leslie , '' she blurted out at one interview . 
 `` and why is that ? '' 
 eyebrows raised politely . 
 `` leslie might give you the impression that i did n't do a very good job . 
 but george -lrb- that 's her husband -rrb- , he offered me a full-time position and everything . 
 he said i had a lot of promise . '' 
 he 'd said she was born for advertising . 
 he 'd said she could be writing copy within a year . 
 he 'd said a lot of things , actually . 
 `` but the other person leslie , why would n't she agree ? '' 
 `` she 's just jealous , '' said janie . 
 did that sound as stupid as she thought ? 
 `` jealous ? '' 
 the man 's voice was so careful , so even . 
 janie took storm off her resume completely , but that meant her only job reference was the ice cream place she 'd worked at the summer before sophomore year . 
 the luminescence candle store gave the cashier position to christie bailey 's little brother . 
 janie had $ 1.60 in the bank and could n't pay the mortgage or utilities for the second month in a row . 
 she gave in and called aunt margaret . 
 `` janie , first of all , i sent a copy of your father 's death certificate to the bank , so they 're not going to foreclose right away . 
 of course , we 'll have to sell it . 
 i 'll help you with that . 
 but i wanted to give you some time to think about your future . '' 
 `` we 're not selling my house . '' 
 `` but sweetie , you 're barely eighteen . 
 you ca n't afford that place . 
 you do n't even have a job . 
 and there are utilities , taxes -- '' `` i 'm not selling it . 
 it 's my home . '' 
 aunt m paused . 
 `` i can help you out , of course . 
 i 'm happy to give you money , but i 'd rather invest in your education . '' 
 `` i do n't want your money . '' 
 `` so you have said . '' 
 accepting the money would make aunt m think she could run janie 's life . 
 next thing she knew , she 'd be sucked into aunt m 's orbit and she 'd end up like her mother . 
 `` the reason i called , '' said janie , `` is that you mentioned that maybe someone you know has a job ... '' it was hard enough for janie to ask that much . 
 `` of course ! '' 
 did aunt m seem a little too eager ? 
 `` i know exactly the thing ! '' 
 chapter 13 for decades , long shot had been a ghost town , its stone buildings deserted . 
 broken glass , scorched walls , rusted old mining equipment and beer cans littered the valley . 
 visitors did n't stay for long . 
 the place just did n't feel right . 
 and those who did stay lurked in ramshackle compounds in the bush with guns and liquor . 
 anything could happen there . 
 you felt it in the back of your neck and the twisting of your gut . 
 if you paused to really listen , you could hear the hum of the universe there . 
 people whispered about mysterious accidents , strange noises in the night , odd discontinuities , coincidences , the way things seemed in flux , even in their disintegration , watchful in their stillness . 
 the sheriff drove through occasionally , but he knew that he was n't welcome . 
 the few residents had their own code of conduct . 
 if the sheriff accidentally did spot trouble , he 'd make a half-assed attempt to solve it without leaving the safety of his truck . 
 nowadays , much of the town still lay vacant , but there was a gas station and a new casino , the silver dollar , famous for spectacular wins and bankrupt suicides . 
 across the street was a mysterious business run out of the old long shot hotel : long shot , inc. . 
 perhaps a hundred years ago , the long shot hotel had been grand , but now it was a dump . 
 standing in the dirt parking lot , janie saw an eroding sandstone facade and smeared windows . 
 a man in a bathrobe sat on the mossy steps , staring at her . 
 janie gazed up at the building until her neck hurt , putting off the moment when she would have to enter and interview for the mysterious position offered by aunt margaret 's friend . 
 the business definitely was n't a crystal shop . 
 was it off-track betting ? 
 aunt margaret 's explanation was a bunch of gobbledygook . 
 janie pretended not to see the man in the bathrobe as she slipped past him to the door . 
 the lobby had cracked black and white tile floors , dull brass , an arching mosaic ceiling and an impressive reception desk with a big chunk missing from the corner . 
 the desk guard 's face lit up : `` you again ! '' 
 janie tried to place the face . 
 it did seem familiar . 
 `` it 's the girl who was mugged ! '' 
 he said . 
 ah ! 
 the night watchman who 'd been so kind to her on the night she 'd been robbed , back when her life ended and purgatory started . 
 what had it been ? 
 two months ago ? 
 `` so you changed jobs ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i was trying something else for awhile , but i could n't stand the commute . '' 
 `` thanks for your help that night . '' 
 `` you got your purse back ? '' 
 janie nodded . 
 then she remembered why she was there . 
 if she was going to get the job , she should probably pretend to be little more on-the-ball . 
 `` i have an appointment with ron essing , '' she said . 
 the desk guard 's smile froze . 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` wait a minute . 
 how do you know about my purse ? '' 
 he glowered . 
 `` you think it drove itself home ? '' 
 was there such a thing as a friendly glower ? 
 `` but how -- '' he held up a hand as he mumbled into the phone . 
 how had he found it ? 
 why had he bothered ? 
 `` somebody ditched it in the alley . 
 fifth floor , '' he brushed off her thanks and gestured toward an ornate brass elevator . 
 as the elevator squeaked slowly upward , she rehearsed her schtik : ... thought it was time to try something new ... have always wanted to work for long shot , inc. . . 
 excited about this opportunity ... in the fascinating field of ... of what ? 
 the door clanked open to a musty victorian parlor with cut glass sconces on the paneled walls and saggy armchairs grouped in the corner . 
 the floor squeaked under the worn carpet as she approached a battered desk plunked in the center of the room , facing the elevator . 
 the girl who greeted her there was a little older than janie . 
 she wore some sort of flowing garment , and her eyes glowed with peace . 
 or something . 
 `` namaste . '' 
 the girl raised her hands in a prayer-like greeting . 
 just then , janie heard a loud flush and a man aunt margaret 's age in a wrinkled blue suit ambled down the hall to meet her . 
 `` jenny ? '' 
 `` janie . '' 
 he wiped his hands on his trousers , grasped her hand with his damp one . 
 `` yeah . 
 crystal , get some towels for the bathroom . '' 
 he ran a hand over slicked-back grey hair . 
 `` okay , come with me . '' 
 crystal grimaced apologetically . 
 janie followed in a faint wake of b.o. . 
 he ushered her into his office , closed the door , sat on the edge of the desk . 
 janie slid into the client chair and leaned as far away from him as she could . 
 ron essing tugged up his pant legs , adjusted his skinny behind on the edge of the desk . 
 `` first of all , i 'm sorry about your father . '' 
 janie nodded , swallowed a lump in her throat . 
 `` but i 'm glad you finally decided to accept my offer . '' 
 `` well , i 'm not sure . 
 i mean i guess so . 
 i mean , if you 're offering a job , i pretty much have to take it , if i do n't want to live on the street ... '' could she ever just keep her stupid mouth shut ? 
 she winced and started over . 
 `` so , yes , please , if you 're offering me a job , that would be great , but my aunt did n't really explain , um , what the position entailed . '' 
 that was better . 
 a little bit better . 
 `` your aunt says you 've got some special skills that we can use here at long shot , inc. , '' he said . 
 janie 's heart sank . 
 obviously , aunt margaret had been spreading stories about janie 's so-called gift . 
 god knows what she 'd said . 
 all of the stories were exaggerated and some might even be wholly invented , but janie was n't sure because her memory of the toddler years was spotty . 
 she did not `` speak '' to animals . 
 she could not predict the future , she could not read minds . 
 she had been precocious , maybe , but not the genius her aunt suggested . 
 she was just an ordinary kid with an active imagination and poor social skills . 
 thank god , she was normal now . 
 relatively normal . 
 `` you mean the psychic stuff ? 
 my aunt means well , but i 'm not -- '' she started to rise . 
 `` no ! 
 no ! '' 
 he beckoned her back . 
 `` actually , i was talking about marketing . 
 she said you used to work for an ad firm . '' 
 janie must have looked doubtful . 
 `` anyway , it does n't matter . 
 i trust margaret 's judgment . 
 she 's quite a woman . 
 a marvelous woman . 
 i ca n't say enough good about her . '' 
 janie wished she had some of aunt m 's mojo . 
 `` we 'll put you in the trends department to begin . 
 it may seem tedious , but it will get you into the groove of things . 
 once you 've developed an understanding of the business , i 'll have you work with me on communications . 
 i 've been reading about viral marketing and i need someone young , somebody who 's tuned in , someone who can tweet and facebook . 
 i 've got to admit , this stuff scares the hell out of me . '' 
 he leaned forward . 
 `` i do n't even have a cell phone . '' 
 his smile was disarming . 
 `` do you have any questions ? '' 
 yes ! 
 she had questions ! 
 for example , why did this seem too good to be true ? 
 but she did n't say that . 
 good girl . 
 instead , she said , `` my aunt says you 're old friends . '' 
 `` yes , well , she has n't aged like i have , '' he chuckled , `` but yes , your aunt and i were young once . 
 i know it 's hard to believe . 
 sometimes i start thinking i 'm still that young man , and then i catch my reflection in the mirror and i 'm horrified . '' 
 `` i know the feeling , '' janie said , under her breath . 
 at ron 's pained expression , she said , `` i mean , not about you , about me . 
 never mind . 
 sorry . 
 go on . '' 
 `` your aunt margaret and i first came here together in the ' 70 's , and while she moved on , i never managed to leave . 
 from the time i arrived , i felt deeply connected to the long shot hotel , to the cave , to its power . 
 you know about the cave ? '' 
 alarm bells went off in janie 's head . 
 she swallowed . 
 `` i 'm not sure . '' 
 her temple itched . 
 she wondered whether this had something to do with great-great-grandpa gundy 's treasure . 
 `` we know now that this is a sacred place , '' he continued . 
 `` a place where one can experience the undifferentiated world , see through the illusion of time . 
 but at first , i just thought it was cool . '' 
 janie tried to keep her face straight . 
 yes , he was definitely a freak . 
 `` some people do n't believe . 
 a lot of people . 
 most people . 
 and that 's okay . '' 
 he gave janie an understanding smile . 
 `` the original structure dates from around 1866 . 
 you might have noticed it 's built right into the hillside , and there 's a reason for that . 
 a cave system extends into the mountain here . 
 the indians called it the womb of the world . 
 it was used for special ceremonies and only with careful preparation , purification , that sort of thing . 
 it 's not the kind of place you want to take too casually . 
 the cave is a place where the veil is very thin . '' 
 chapter 14 ron thought about how he had walked into bank of the west for an appointment one morning a few months before and found margaret settled in the waiting area with a briefcase on her lap . 
 there was no mistaking her . 
 she was every bit as captivating as she 'd been decades before . 
 it turned out they had both come to see the same loan officer . 
 they joked uneasily about the coincidence and avoided mentioning the last time they 'd seen one another . 
 to ron 's delight , they ended up at lunch together . 
 margaret stabbed at her salad and ranted about common courtesy and how her time was valuable . 
 ron nodded a lot . 
 he could n't stop grinning , could n't stop looking at her . 
 `` have you been to visit joe ? '' 
 she asked , out of the blue . 
 `` no , '' he said , chagrinned . 
 `` i know i should . 
 it 's just ... hard to see him that way . '' 
 it was also hard to be reminded of the choices ron had made , of his failings , of the time in his life when he 'd had everything and let it slip through his fingers . 
 `` he goes to a day program for adults . 
 they do crafts and things . '' 
 she said it so matter-of-factly , as though it could never have been otherwise . 
 then she told him about her business , the online metaphysical superstore . 
 ron nodded some more . 
 he wanted her to talk forever . 
 she was rain to his desert . 
 as ron watched her chatter on , he wondered : did margaret feel the same ? 
 over the years , had she thought about him as much as he thought about her ? 
 did she wish that things had been different ? 
 `` i have missed you , ron , '' she said , as though he had spoken aloud . 
 and the fire that had burned underground all these years flared back up . 
 he knew that she consumed him . 
 but it felt so right . 
 painful , excruciating , but right . 
 as though there was a bond between them that neither of them could sever . 
 just like that , he was back under her spell . 
 they met for lunch , for drinks . 
 they talked about interest rates , tax strategies , employee benefits . 
 all very sexy stuff . 
 between their meetings , ron found excuses to drive past her house , to shop at the hardware store in her neighborhood . 
 and every few weeks he called . 
 there was nothing wrong with a couple of old friends getting together , he told his wife , nancy . 
 besides , margaret always had other men . 
 at parties , he noticed them handing her drinks and laughing at her jokes and taking her coat . 
 clowns . 
 secretly , he was desperate to see margaret more often . 
 around her , he could imagine he was young and free , could ignore the warning signs that long shot , inc. was slipping into bankruptcy . 
 loans that had seemed like a godsend years ago were crippling him . 
 out of the blue one day as they parted in the mataam fez parking lot , she said , `` i 'm looking for an investment , if you hear of anything interesting . '' 
 back in the office at long shot , inc. , janie 's smile seemed a little forced . 
 ron 's eyes watered sometimes at the most awkward moments . 
 he cleared his throat , stood . 
 `` i 'll give you a tour . '' 
 janie followed him down the hall , past crystal , who was murmuring into the phone at the reception desk . 
 as ron essing inserted a key into the elevator panel , he explained : `` i think that anyone can see what a treasure this building is . 
 you just ca n't get this kind of craftsmanship these days , the attention to detail and the quality of the materials . 
 but the impetus behind the construction of the long shot hotel and the town itself is the cave , so i 'd like to bring you down there , let you get a taste of the thing that drives us all , in one way or another . 
 long shot , inc. is a special company , you see , but more than that , it 's a way of life . '' 
 the old elevator clanked downward . 
 the brass doors juttered open . 
 a red and white placard bolted to the opposite wall said : `` no smoking . '' 
 a cloying scent belched into the elevator and forced its way down janie 's throat . 
 mr. essing murmured , `` it 's best not to try to fight it . '' 
 janie put her sleeve to her nose to filter the air and followed mr. essing down a tunnel illuminated by dim yellow bulbs . 
 one wall was built of stone and mortar . 
 the other wall was shattered rock . 
 a wooden boardwalk rose a few inches above the dirt floor . 
 unlit rooms and corridors branched off to the side . 
 stacks of furniture and boxes loomed in the shadows . 
 essing stopped . 
 janie stepped on the heel of his shoe , caught a slight whiff of his b.o. and looked up . 
 mounted in an arch of rock , an antique black vault door barred the way . 
 and escaping from around its edges were ghostly painted figures , squeezing out between limestone and steel , with huge , vacant eyes and horns , arms waving above their heads . 
 `` run away ! '' 
 they signaled . 
 janie gasped , then bent double , coughing and retching . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 asked essing . 
 `` yep , '' she croaked , cleared her throat , pulled at the front of her shirt as if that would give her more room to breathe . 
 a sweat had broken out on ron 's forehead , in spite of the coolness . 
 `` let 's just turn around here , '' he said . 
 janie barely restrained herself from running back to the elevator . 
 once the old elevator was clanking back up to reality , janie said , `` sorry about all the coughing . '' 
 `` everyone is affected by it , '' he said . 
 `` for some , it 's invigorating . 
 but it 's okay if you feel otherwise . 
 as a matter of fact , that 's a good thing . '' 
 `` it was just allergies . '' 
 `` okay , '' he said , but it was clear he did n't believe her . 
 `` so if this is actually , you know , a gateway to another world -- '' `` not another world . 
 this world . '' 
 janie tried to picture that . 
 `` you felt it , '' he said . 
 `` the crush of possibilities . '' 
 `` if this place is so , uh , sacred , why is n't it famous ? '' 
 `` people see what they want to see . '' 
 the elevator doors opened . 
 essing said , `` we 're going to have you fill out some paperwork , then we 'll get you set up in trends . '' 
 `` you still want me to work here ? '' 
 he turned to her with a teasing smile . 
 `` your aunt would n't lead me wrong . '' 
 a blank-faced blonde woman in a taupe skirt and blouse collected janie from ron 's office like she was picking up milk at the convenience store and escorted her wordlessly down to the second floor . 
 most of the floor was taken up by an empty ballroom with parquet floors and a grand oak bar . 
 above the bar , a giant naked lady was painted on the wall . 
 an open staircase led down to the lobby . 
 adjacent to the bar , a high-ceilinged room was partitioned into three cubicles . 
 here , the woman installed janie at a melamine desk with a telephone and computer . 
 `` i 'm janie , by the way . '' 
 `` i know , '' said the other woman . 
 `` this is where you 're supposed to tell me your name . '' 
 the other woman looked her full in the face and janie almost flinched . 
 the woman 's dainty nostrils compressed . 
 `` andrea . '' 
 janie got the impression that andrea spoke in code , and what she really meant was : screw off . 
 had janie done something to offend her already ? 
 then andrea leaned across janie 's space , powered up the computer and launched into a machine-gun description of the job . 
 `` rat-tat-tat-tat , '' she said . 
 `` rat-a-tat-tat-tat . '' 
 andrea clicked through several screens . 
 janie tried in vain to track her movements . 
 as far as janie could tell , her job was to enter letters and numbers , dates and times into some sort of totally obsolete spreadsheet program , but she did n't have a clear idea of where the figures came from , what they were to be used for , or what should be entered where . 
 andrea concluded and stood up . 
 janie licked her lips . 
 `` i 'm not sure i understand . '' 
 `` it 's not that hard . '' 
 translation : you 're as stupid as you look . 
 janie nodded as though that cleared things up for her . 
 andrea wheeled and left . 
 the computer screen blurred in front of janie 's eyes . 
 she swiped desperately at the tears on the undersides of her lids . 
 it was the longest three hours of her life , gazing in bafflement at the computer screen . 
 down the hallway beyond the bar , janie found a cavernous bathroom . 
 the roar of the toilet flush sent her fleeing from her stall . 
 she rinsed her hands under the rusty tap water , feeling silly . 
 what did she think , some creature was going to lunge out of the toilet bowl and attack her ? 
 surreptitious glances into the empty cubicles on either side . 
 when the floor creaked she straightened up and banged merrily at her keyboard , as though she were extremely efficient . 
 that brought up an error message . 
 deliberation on whether to click `` ok '' or `` cancel '' . 
 her desk drawers were locked . 
 the file cabinet was empty except for her jacket . 
 dust coated everything . 
 at 5:01 , she fled . 
 day two , more of the same . 
 someone came and rummaged in one of the other cubicles , but by the time janie got up the courage to introduce herself , they were gone . 
 over night , her computer had been turned off . 
 at four-thirty , she found the program andrea machine-gun had brought up the day before . 
 when janie arrived on the following monday , didgeridoo music blared from the far cubicle and the office felt lighter , somehow . 
 she turned on her computer , shoved her coat into an empty file drawer . 
 `` finally ! '' 
 a curvaceous girl a couple of years older than janie bounded into janie 's cubicle . 
 she had smooth olive skin , curls and a tiny diamond nestled in the divot of her nose that managed to look sophisticated yet sexy . 
 she was the exact opposite of janie 's stringy reddish hair , moon face and freckles , her cheap pretend-to-be-a-grownup business suit . 
 her exhaustion with life . 
 her tattered cuticles . 
 this girl had ... bounce . 
 she was exactly what janie had always wanted to be . 
 the girl 's pearly teeth gleamed . 
 `` when did you start ? 
 i was in portugal . 
 oh , my god , who trained you ? '' 
 `` er ... andrea ? '' 
 `` oooh ! 
 ron 's daughter ! '' 
 she touched the delicate little diamond . 
 `` i 've never met her . 
 what 's she like ? '' 
 `` i think she hates me . '' 
 `` well , you 'll probably never see her again . 
 nobody ever comes in here . 
 well , hardly anybody . 
 i 'm so psyched i 'll have someone to talk to ! 
 the girl you 're replacing , mel , just ... vanished , and i guess they were holding her position in case she came back . 
 is the music too loud ? '' 
 roxy was her name . 
 she was taking a break from college , doing a one-year internship . 
 and she finally explained janie 's job . 
 andrea had been right . 
 it was n't that hard . 
 janie asked in several different ways whether there was more to the job . 
 no , roxy told her , just sort these columns of figures into this spreadsheet thingy , except you have to press tab after each digit . 
 the figures came by mysterious means from the cave below the building and were sorted under headings like h2h4 and vp , the meaning of which roxy had no idea . 
 `` and that 's all ? '' 
 janie asked for the second time . 
 `` it 's important work , '' said roxy . 
 `` why ? '' 
 janie blurted . 
 `` because ... we need to know if the effect of the cave is getting stronger or weaker . 
 too much chaos is bad for people . 
 they , like , ca n't handle it or whatever . 
 you know , people riot or there are wars , or they just throw their trash all over the ground . '' 
 janie almost laughed before she realized roxy was serious . 
 wow , that cave was responsible for a lot ! 
 `` so the cave causes chaos ? '' 
 roxy started to roll her eyes , then caught herself . 
 `` you should have seen this town before we started doing our work . 
 i mean , i did n't , obviously , because i was n't born yet , but this would still just be a creepy ghost town if we had n't been , you know ... i mean , the only people who ever came here , like , back in the seventies were on the lam . '' 
 roxy arched her back , lifted her hair off her neck , let it flounce back down . 
 the gesture annoyed janie . 
 where did roxy get off being so sexy and confident ? 
 and what did she really know about life , anyway ? 
 her parents probably gave her anything she wanted . 
 after a couple of weeks of sorting numbers , janie finally started to feel alive again . 
 she 'd been a hollowed out shell , shuffling through life since the death of her father and the fiasco with george . 
 now it seemed like there must be some sort of meaning or pattern , not just to the numbers but to her life , and it was just on the tip of her tongue . 
 almost overwhelmed by this sense of possibility one afternoon , janie decided she needed a break to clear her head . 
 she wandered out to the bathroom to get a wad of damp paper towel , then set about wiping down her work space . 
 it was satisfying to erase the thick dust and fingerprints . 
 she cleaned her desk , the file cabinet , then as a finishing touch , ran the paper towel along the top of her cubicle wall . 
 something shiny plopped off , clinked to the desktop and dropped to the floor . 
 janie tossed out the paper towel and bent down . 
 it was a key . 
 she studied it , then sat and inserted it into the lock above her desk drawers . 
 sure enough , it worked , and inside , janie found stacks of old mining maps , geological surveys , building plans , newspaper clippings , and printouts of obscure scientific reports . 
 `` i found a bunch of junk in my desk drawer , '' she mentioned to roxy a few days later . 
 maps and stuff . 
 is there someplace i should file it or something ? '' 
 roxy came into her cubicle , crouched by the drawer and sifted through it . 
 every once in awhile she whistled under her breath . 
 roxy went and found an old file box , loaded it up . 
 `` i 'll take care of it , '' she said . 
 janie did n't think of it again for quite some time . 
 every day , janie drove her dad 's old taurus up to long shot , parked in the dirt lot next to the building , walked around and breezed past the wild-eyed man in a bathrobe loitering on the front steps . 
 every day , he asked her , `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 when she was in a foul mood this really bothered her for some reason , but when she snapped back he just laughed . 
 the truth was , she had no idea what she was doing . 
 she knew that she did n't fit in , and it seemed like she was living someone else 's life . 
 she did n't even know who she was any more . 
 in the lobby , she usually paused for a moment to joke with pete the desk guard , who had warmed up again since the day of the interview . 
 janie got used to roxy 's music . 
 even started to wiggle in her chair to the electronic beat . 
 half-intelligible yips and exclamations drifted over the fabric divider between their cubicles . 
 roxy brought in homemade gluten-free vegan baked goods , which mostly tasted like cardboard , but janie appreciated the effort . 
 roxy talked unenthusiastically about her boyfriend and what a nice guy he was . 
 janie could hear roxy 's half of their phone conversations : cheerful , gossipy , bubbly . 
 but then , afterward , she could hear roxy muttering to herself . 
 maybe things were n't that perfect for miss perfect . 
 then janie felt bad about herself . 
 she should be a better person . 
 roxy was practically her friend . 
 other than pete the desk guard , she was the only person janie spoke to every day , and she was nice and pretty and smart and charming . 
 and that , janie realized , was exactly why it was so hard to like her . 
 she even had just enough faults that janie could n't hate her for being perfect . 
 she was imperfectly perfect . 
 other than the occasional snarky thought about roxy , janie was doing really well . 
 then gradually in september the old lassitude seeped back . 
 at work , instead of categorizing numbers , she surfed the net and took lots of bathroom breaks . 
 she second-guessed every thought she had , like part of her was contemptuous of the stupidity of the other part , but the stupid part was making all the decisions . 
 meanwhile , her social life was just sad . 
 her salary was just enough to pay the mortgage if she lived on potatoes and canned tuna -lrb- part of the reason she was so grateful for roxy 's mediocre baked goods -rrb- . 
 she could n't afford to go out , and even if she did , who would she go out with ? 
 all of her friends had moved on to college . 
 often , she hunched over her cell phone , the screen on george 's name . 
 george , her old boss . 
 george , who was married . 
 she trembled to press `` send '' . 
 did n't . 
 she scrolled through their old text messages . 
 it was like looking at old photographs of good times . 
 but she could n't call him . 
 what would she say ? 
 he had told her he did n't want to see her again , that he did n't love her . 
 janie had imagined ... had imagined a lot , as it turned out . 
 she had built this fantasy world in which they had a future together . 
 she had pictured a little victorian house on mapleton . 
 children . 
 lazy sundays reading the paper in bed . 
 but george already had that with someone else . 
 lacey was always there when janie got home , tail fanning the air , but now with apprehension rather than the joyful full-body wiggle she used to have . 
 with her reduced life , janie should have had time to take lacey for runs , but she just did n't have the energy for that any more . 
 instead , they watched tv together : extreme home makeover , american idol , and what not to wear . 
 shows where ordinary losers were rescued from their pathetic lives and elevated to something exciting , sublime . 
 chapter 15 roxy 's job had something to do with recording and cross-referencing oracles , which , as far as janie could tell were the stupid things people said when they were in the cave . 
 every once in a while , roxy stood and paced around the office , ranting . 
 the usual theme was that the cave should be open to the public , free of charge , that they could change the world , that it was wrong to focus on profit and efficiency . 
 janie doubted that was really a problem . 
 she could n't see how anyone could make a profit out of what she forwarded upstairs on her spreadsheet every friday , and as for excess efficiency ... no ... roxy would have to be doing a really good job to make up for janie 's dithering ineptitude . 
 one morning , as usual , janie paused at the security desk to chat with pete . 
 the lobby was empty except for the two of them , and on impulse , she asked him , `` do you believe ? '' 
 he took his time before answering . 
 `` you live here long enough , you ca n't not believe . 
 no , i do n't have a problem with believing . '' 
 the door swept open and bathrobe man breezed into the lobby and up the stairs . 
 `` are n't you going to stop him ? '' 
 janie whispered . 
 `` for what ? '' 
 `` i mean , do you really want him in here ? 
 he 's ... '' pete watched her struggle for a word and burst out laughing . 
 `` that , janie , is jeff , our mighty oracle . '' 
 `` oh my god , '' janie whispered . 
 `` i thought he was a homeless person . '' 
 pete snorted . 
 `` i 'll let him know . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 his eyes danced for a moment . 
 `` i 'm kidding . 
 but he is my father . '' 
 `` yeah , right ... oh , shit , you 're serious , are n't you ? 
 look , i always say the wrong thing , okay ? 
 it 's nothing personal . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 ugh . '' 
 the next day when janie showed up for work , pete gestured her over . 
 `` if they offer to promote you , do n't take it . '' 
 `` did mr. essing say something ? '' 
 pete 's face closed . 
 shit , she 'd said the wrong thing again . 
 `` what now ? '' 
 she was sick of this . 
 `` what 'd i say ? '' 
 he gathered his thoughts for a moment , looked her over , reached out with nicotine-stained fingers and pinched the arm of her jacket to keep her in place . 
 `` you 've seen jeff , right ? 
 our oracle ? 
 you want to end up like that ? '' 
 `` okay , '' she said , just so he 'd let go . 
 `` maybe you 've heard rumors of kids who 've snuck in the back way . '' 
 `` no , i have n't . '' 
 `` good . 
 if you hear anything , i suggest you ignore it . '' 
 later that day , janie slumped back in her desk chair and scrubbed her forehead . 
 her eyes ached from staring at the computer screen . 
 she stood up , stretched , wandered down the hall to the bathroom and filled up her coffee mug with tap water , then wandered back and peeked into roxy 's cubicle . 
 `` do you understand our job ? '' 
 janie asked . 
 `` yeah . 
 of course . '' 
 `` no . 
 i mean ... why are we doing it ? '' 
 roxy 's was stern . 
 `` it 's important . '' 
 `` really ? 
 i mean ... sometimes i wonder whether i 'm really accomplishing anything . 
 it seems so ... arbitrary . '' 
 `` lots of people feel that way about their work , '' said roxy . 
 janie tried to remember if she 'd ever felt that way working for george . 
 that was different , though , because she 'd thought she was in love . 
 roxy continued , `` you need to put it into perspective . 
 in a factory , every person along the assembly line has only one small task to perform : put in a screw , attach a fender . 
 but at the end of the day , a car comes out . 
 and what about bureaucracy ? 
 you just date stamp your pieces of paper and send them to someone else . 
 even surgeons , a lot of them , do the same surgeries every day all day , fixing knees or whatever . 
 and they know the people are just going to go out and drink beer and play softball and blow out their knees again . '' 
 `` so you 're bored too ? '' 
 janie asked . 
 roxy reached up and fluffed her hair off of her neck , leaned back over her computer screen . 
 but janie did n't feel like being dismissed . 
 `` did you know there 's another entrance to the cave ? '' 
 `` that 's just a rumor , '' said roxy . 
 somehow , they ended up at the silver dollar casino across the street , drinking $ 2.50 happy hour margaritas in glasses the size of fishbowls with rock salt crusted around the lip . 
 the bartender did n't ask for id , probably because of roxy . 
 janie decided she 'd rather have a drink than food , even though the hot wings were really cheap . 
 that was a bad decision , but only in retrospect . 
 at the time , she thought she was being fiscally responsible . 
 then , she polished off every last drop of her margarita , because to not finish would be like throwing money away . 
 plus , it tasted so good . 
 they sat at the bar , and men turned to ogle roxy , and janie imagined that maybe they were looking at her , too . 
 something welled up in her . 
 an excitement about life that she 'd only ever felt with george . 
 and a kind of twisted pride mixed with a yearning for the confessional made her tell roxy the whole sordid story . 
 she did n't want roxy to think she was boring . 
 she was dangerous . 
 she was desirable . 
 she could steal women 's husbands , for a while , if she wanted to . 
 `` so leslie 's office is just down the hall from reception , where i work , but she emails me one day and asks me to meet her for lunch . 
 since i 'd started working there , i 'd kind of become friends with her and george , so that was n't so strange , but i just got this sense that something was off . '' 
 they had met at grounds coffee company . 
 janie got there first , took her chair and cinnamon roll to a low sofa in the back , leaned over the coffee table to dismantle her roll and wash down chunks of sweet gooeyness with tiny sips of scalding tea . 
 when leslie walked in , janie knew this was more than just a friendly lunch . 
 as usual , leslie 's hair was caught up in a practical ponytail , the waist band of her skirt bit into her belly , and she looked tired . 
 but she looked formidable as well . 
 janie scrubbed absently at that spot on her right temple . 
 the spot that always knew . 
 leslie turned one way , then the other . 
 janie caught her eye and raised her arm a fraction to greet her , then crossed it over her knee and fondled the shredded tail of her cinnamon roll . 
 leslie did n't stop at the counter . 
 she bore down on janie , took a low leather chair across from her . 
 janie scooted forward and tugged at the knees of her slacks to try to make her thighs look smaller . 
 `` george and i had a talk , '' said leslie . 
 janie swallowed . 
 `` he seems to think you 're just friends . 
 he says he has n't slept with you . '' 
 `` no , we 're just ... friends , '' janie echoed . 
 it sounded so lame . 
 of course they were more than friends . 
 janie understood him in ways that leslie never could . 
 but they had n't done anything wrong . 
 not really . 
 `` do you know that he tells me all the things you say about me ? 
 i know , for instance , that you think that i 'm not bad looking , but i do n't take care of myself . 
 you think he 's the most amazing man in the world , and that i do n't appreciate him . 
 thank you for that . '' 
 eeesh . 
 `` and you 're not the first little ` friend ' he 's had since we 've been married . 
 two years ago , it was amanda . 
 in 2005 , it was bethany . 
 `` we have children . 
 we have a business . 
 my husband understands the importance of these things , so you 're not going to be ` friends ' any more . 
 no more jogs . 
 no more lunches . 
 no more texting . '' 
 `` that 's not your decision to make . '' 
 janie 's voice quavered . 
 `` actually , it is . 
 and he asked me to explain it to you . 
 he thought you might be hurt , is n't that sweet ? 
 he thought you might not understand . 
 i know that you understand perfectly . '' 
 leslie stared her down . 
 janie 's face prickled . 
 leslie stood . 
 `` george forgot to consult with me before he offered you the promotion . 
 frankly , he does n't need a full-time assistant , so your position is being eliminated . 
 i 'll be back at the office at two . 
 that should give you plenty of time to collect your things . '' 
 leslie 's smile pinioned janie in place . 
 as she left , a gust of wind blew through the door and sent napkins fluttering to the floor . 
 all janie could think was : there had been others ? 
 that was impossible . 
 what she and george had was special . 
 leslie had to have made it up . 
 roxy said : `` he sounds like a pussy . '' 
 janie clamped her mouth shut . 
 suddenly , her story seemed so pathetic . 
 if george was a pussy , what did that make her ? 
 `` this is your big love affair ? 
 a guy you never even slept with ? 
 and how old is he anyway ? '' 
 `` but we have this connection -- '' `` maybe you 're connected , but i do n't think he is . '' 
 `` i 'm going to the bathroom . '' 
 janie 's eyes stung . 
 she got unsteadily to her feet , knowing she could n't say anything else without crying , and then she 'd look even more pathetic . 
 but unfortunately , the world seemed a little off-kilter . 
 shit , she was drunk . 
 later , after janie composed herself in the enormous restroom , then got lost on the way back , roxy confessed that her boyfriend was a rock climbing bum who lived in his car . 
 janie giggled . 
 roxy got miffed . 
 janie ate her lime wedge . 
 they each threw a five on the counter , and when the bartender did n't collect the money right away , roxy stood to leave . 
 janie decided she 'd look cheap if she made roxy wait around for change , but still , five dollars was an awfully big tip for two drinks ... as roxy started toward the door , janie snatched up roxy 's unfinished margarita and gulped it down . 
 it would be a shame for it to go to waste . 
 chapter 16 `` charlie says he can get us in the back way , '' roxy said the next day . 
 `` and it turns out i even have a map . 
 remember that stuff you found in your desk drawer ? '' 
 `` who 's charlie ? '' 
 `` my boyfriend . 
 remember ? 
 we talked about this at the silver dollar last night . '' 
 `` we did ? '' 
 janie vaguely remembered mentioning that she thought it would be cool to break into long shot , inc. through the secret entrance and sneak down to check out the caverns , but that was just the tequila talking . 
 she did n't realize it had become a plan . 
 she also vaguely remembered reeling back into the silver dollar once she realized she could n't drive , slumping at the bar and drinking a series of orange fantas . 
 had she even paid for those ? 
 the drive home down the canyon was the scariest thing she 'd ever done , leaning over the wheel , squinting at the yellow line , cars swerving impatiently around her . 
 if there were anything left in her stomach , she 'd throw up just thinking about it . 
 the self-loathing was extra strong today . '' 
 ... saturday . '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` are you in ? '' 
 roxy mistook janie 's look of horror for , maybe a grin of delight , because she said : `` we 'll meet you at the pullout . '' 
 there was a difference between wanting to do something -lrb- like breaking and entering -rrb- in theory , and really wanting to do it . 
 it was like the difference between looking forward to doing something and looking forward to having the memory of having done something . 
 janie had thought everybody knew that . 
 apparently not . 
 janie could n't figure a way to get out of it without looking boring or ... well , basically she was boring . 
 but she was trying out this new thing of being adventurous and cool . 
 so there she was at the pull-out on saturday morning . 
 charlie 's car was a rusted old toyota tercel wagon , gold with tan plaid upholstery . 
 the passenger seat was heaped with wadded-up clothes and fast-food packaging . 
 there was a toothbrush on the dashboard . 
 the back was full of packs and ropes , and piles of shiny aluminum gear . 
 looking through the hatch while charlie rummaged for a clean shirt , janie wondered where he slept . 
 probably roxy 's place . 
 he was gorgeous , dread-locked and muscular . 
 he did n't need a home . 
 any girl would take him in . 
 roxy 's bouncing curls disappeared behind a clump of stunted spruces and janie followed , crunching over desiccated grass and scarlet patches of kinnikinick . 
 charlie brought up the rear . 
 janie could n't figure out what was taking him so long . 
 janie was pretty out of shape and a little anemic from her new ascetic lifestyle , but he was way back there , strolling along , hands in his pockets . 
 twenty minutes brought janie to where roxy crouched on a lichen-covered granite boulder . 
 the town of long shot rested below them in the valley . 
 barren ridges stretched into the distance . 
 an icy wind battled with the warmth of the sunshine . 
 `` how much farther ? '' 
 asked janie . 
 eyes sparkling , roxy pointed at some rocks . 
 when janie went over to look , she saw a steel grate in their midst . 
 janie mimed enthusiasm . 
 it was n't as hard as it would have been a couple of days before . 
 roxy 's energy was contagious when it was n't annoying . 
 their headlamps were already on their heads when charlie drew near , paused , and said , `` you 're sure you want to do this ? '' 
 roxy 's breath came out a growl , and she glared at him . 
 janie got the idea they 'd already had this conversation . 
 `` you could 've just told me how to open it . 
 i did n't ask you to come along . '' 
 he strode up , stalled . 
 `` now what ? '' 
 roxy snapped . 
 `` did you move these rocks ? '' 
 janie gave roxy a questioning look and roxy shrugged . 
 `` just open it . '' 
 charlie kneeled and stuck his arm through the bars . 
 he felt around for a minute , grimacing , grunted . 
 a section of the bars dropped open with a screech . 
 he stood , motioned with both hands like a magician 's assistant , and said , `` have fun ! '' 
 then he jogged off down the path . 
 `` i thought he was coming , '' said janie . 
 it suddenly seemed scarier without , well , a muscular man along . 
 roxy had already clambered inside . 
 `` forget about him . '' 
 her voice was muffled . 
 `` he 's afraid . 
 man , i wish i had a better headlamp . '' 
 janie lowered herself through the gap in the bars and roxy guided janie 's hands and feet to pockets chipped into the limestone . 
 after roxy coaxed janie down , she clambered up and swung the gate shut behind them . 
 janie switched on her headlamp , which cast a weak circle of light onto the glittering stone walls . 
 `` wow ! 
 is that mica ? '' 
 janie asked . 
 `` dunno , '' said roxy . 
 she adjusted her headlamp , then peered into a narrow tunnel which vanished into blackness almost immediately . 
 janie had last used her headlamp on a school trip to moab , two springs before . 
 since then , it had been buried at the bottom of a cardboard box in the garage . 
 she wished she 'd bothered to check the batteries . 
 as she straightened , she whacked her head on the ceiling . 
 roxy laughed , then turned and cracked her own head . 
 after that , she did n't think it was so funny any more . 
 they hunched and lurched forward together , stumbling on softball-sized rocks . 
 janie kept one hand on the wall to guide her as her eyes adjusted to the darkness . 
 air currents swirled around them , warm then cold . 
 janie had a wish list already : ski jacket , helmet , big man , electricity , a ride home . 
 for this to be over . 
 a hamburger . 
 this month 's mortgage payment . 
 `` ow ! '' 
 she 'd turned her ankle . 
 hiking boots . 
 `` are you sure you know where you 're going ? '' 
 asked janie . 
 `` i told you i looked at a map . '' 
 the circle of light from janie 's headlamp seemed to be getting yellower and yellower . 
 roxy , who was a step ahead , did n't even cast a shadow any more . 
 there was just a bulls eye of yellow on the back of her wind-breaker . 
 janie tried to peer around roxy , but she could n't see much , so she put her head down and concentrated on putting one foot in front of the other . 
 each step seemed about the same . 
 it was like walking a rocky treadmill . 
 even time stood still . 
 she realized that the passage of time required change , otherwise there was nothing to tell you it was a moment later , or an hour later . 
 the next day she would think that maybe she had it wrong . 
 maybe time had always been an illusion . 
 lost in her own world , janie tripped and fell to her hands and knees . 
 when she shone her headlamp on her stinging palms , she realized the glow had faded out completely . 
 she prodded her palms with her fingers . 
 they felt rough , but janie could n't tell whether they were bleeding . 
 as she started to stand , she realized that roxy had continued on without her . 
 `` roxy , '' she said , and her voice was loud and urgent in her ears . 
 just then , she heard a faint yelp . 
 `` roxy ? '' 
 she roared , then breathed deeply to keep from panicking . 
 she thought she heard a mumbled reply , but it may have been her imagination . 
 janie crept forward , hunched low so that she would n't hit her head . 
 one hand trailed along the rock wall to her left , one hand groped forward , fingers spread . 
 `` roxy ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` roxy ? '' 
 sparkles danced in front of her eyes . 
 maybe her eyes were just bored . 
 she felt a little warning flash in her temple and she flinched backward , but when she waved her arms around her head , nothing was there . 
 `` roxy ! '' 
 holding her breath , she stopped and cocked her ear forward . 
 yes . 
 there was an echo of movement up ahead . 
 `` i 'm okay , '' roxy 's voiced drifted toward her . 
 then janie saw a glow of light . 
 `` there 's a big hole here , '' said roxy . 
 janie shuffled forward one more step , and a blast of cold air blew up into her face . 
 she dropped to her knees , inched forward until her right hand came down in open air . 
 the light from roxy 's headlamp blinded her . 
 closing her eyes , she said , `` could you point that thing someplace else ? '' 
 `` sorry . '' 
 the glow swung around , illuminating a scene that made janie 's stomach drop . 
 roxy crouched on a sloping rock shelf about six feet below . 
 beyond her , a sheer-walled shaft breathed sweet , frigid air . 
 roxy stirred and a stone rolled off the edge , disappeared into the darkness . 
 a second later janie heard a ploink . 
 the silence stretched . 
 nothing janie could think to say was very encouraging . 
 janie was scared to death , and she was on solid ground . 
 roxy 's position was much more tenuous . 
 one wrong move and she could tumble into the abyss . 
 `` it could be worse , '' janie said at last . 
 the glow swung back up into her face , and all she could see of roxy was a bright star of light . 
 janie blinked and fended off the glare with the palm of her hand . 
 a noise like a sob came from the hole , then crescendoed into a hearty belly laugh . 
 eventually , the laughing died down . 
 `` janie ? '' 
 `` uh-huh ? '' 
 `` i 'm going to need a hand up . '' 
 janie peeked over the edge and saw roxy balanced on a pile of rubble . 
 her fingers spread just to the lip and waved at janie . 
 oh , god . 
 she had to help roxy , right ? 
 was there any way she could refuse ? 
 carefully she lowered herself to her stomach , stuck a hand out . 
 with one hand , roxy gripped janie by the forearm . 
 with the other , roxy grabbed janie by the collar . 
 janie 's hoodie rode up over her head . 
 she put her head down , thought heavy thoughts and whimpered as roxy 's weight dragged her toward the shaft . 
 then roxy 's knee ground janie 's elbow into the floor and roxy sprawled on top of her . 
 janie could feel roxy 's stomach convulse with laughter . 
 `` maybe we should look at the map , '' janie suggested . 
 roxy rolled off of her and stood . 
 `` oh , we do n't need that . 
 i 've got it memorized . 
 it 's just that other passage did n't feel right . '' 
 it all felt wrong to janie , and she had n't even noticed any other passage . 
 `` why do n't we just call it a day ? '' 
 janie asked . 
 `` we can come back another time . '' 
 that was a lie . 
 she was never coming back . 
 `` no way ! 
 this is cool , janie ! '' 
 `` you almost just died . '' 
 `` but i did n't ! '' 
 roxy crowed . 
 since roxy had the only working headlamp , janie was going wherever roxy went . 
 roxy doubled back . 
 janie grabbed hold of the tail of roxy 's windbreaker before she was left behind . 
 roxy ignored janie 's pleas and squeezed sideways into an even narrower tunnel . 
 janie could sense roxy trembling but janie did n't think it was from fear . 
 roxy was jazzed . 
 breathe in ... breathe out . 
 they trod down , down . 
 roxy 's voice startled janie out of her meditation . 
 `` do n't you feel so ... alive ? '' 
 no . 
 she might actually throw up if she spoke , though . 
 she felt the walls closing in . 
 she wanted to flee , but was afraid to leave roxy 's side . 
 `` cool ! '' 
 roxy picked up speed and janie struggled to hang on behind her . 
 oh , god . 
 janie was starting to realize that roxy 's idea of cool was different from hers . 
 janie 's idea of cool was paying the mortgage and having ice cream in the freezer . 
 sleeping with lacey nestled into her hip . 
 an easy jog with no hills . 
 they crawled , wriggling through narrow gaps . 
 down , then up , then down . 
 janie 's knees ached . 
 it smelled of dust and something sweet . 
 the bottom dropped out of their passage and roxy hopped down into a chamber . 
 janie splatted behind her and lay , assessing the damage , while roxy ran around picking things up and exclaiming . 
 janie had bitten her tongue on the landing . 
 her wrist was sore , and she had gravel up her nose . 
 `` do you think these are human bones ? '' 
 roxy asked . 
 she held them like drumsticks . 
 before janie could get a good look , roxy stooped to pick up something else . 
 `` wow , do you think this is like a crypt or something ? '' 
 roxy said . 
 `` look at this ! '' 
 it was an old leather boot , smashed flat . 
 she tossed it aside and scampered up a rickety wood ladder and turned left . 
 janie dragged along behind her . 
 `` roxy , we need to figure out how we 're going to get out of here . 
 i do n't think we can get back up to that hole we fell out of . '' 
 `` back that way . '' 
 roxy gestured behind her . 
 janie glanced over her shoulder into the darkness . 
 the tunnel must run in both directions . 
 they wound downward . 
 the sweet stench was suffocating . 
 she chased roxy down the tunnel , into one side passage and then another . 
 she collided with roxy as she whirled around at a dead end and started to double back . 
 in the sweep of roxy 's headlamp , janie thought she saw clay figurines lined up on a ledge , but that had to be her imagination . 
 back , they went . 
 `` where are we going ? 
 would you slow down for a sec ? '' 
 janie panted . 
 a moment later , roxy stopped and inspected a narrow section of cave wall that appeared to be built of stone and mortar . 
 she backed up a few feet . 
 her breath came faster . 
 `` nooooo ! '' 
 janie flinched back . 
 `` what ? '' 
 roxy beat the rock with the palms of her hands . 
 `` she 's trapped and she ca n't get out ! '' 
 janie gathered her courage and crept closer . 
 `` i thought you said the exit was the other way . '' 
 roxy 's headlamp suddenly blinded janie . 
 janie could n't read roxy 's expression behind the glare . 
 roxy turned back to the wall , flung herself at it , and bounced off . 
 she lunged forward again , tugged on a stone . 
 `` let 's just go home . 
 roxy ? 
 can we just leave ? 
 it 's not going to move . '' 
 janie tried to pull her away . 
 `` let go of me ! '' 
 roxy shook her off . 
 `` i need a pick ! 
 a battering ram ! 
 a jackhammer ! 
 look around ! '' 
 `` roxy , there 's nothing here . '' 
 `` where can we get one ? '' 
 `` a jackhammer ? '' 
 `` do you think we can rent one ? '' 
 `` uh . 
 i guess . '' 
 roxy bolted back the way they had come . 
 janie caught up just as roxy wriggled into a slot at the base of a wall and disappeared , along with the light . 
 imprisoned by darkness , janie fought panic . 
 `` what 's taking you so long ? '' 
 roxy 's muffled voice . 
 `` is that the way out ? '' 
 `` oh , yeah . '' 
 janie knelt and groped forward , wormed into the slot . 
 her breath bounced off the rock and blew back into her face . 
 she thrashed around , trying to find something to push off with her feet , lifted her head a fraction of an inch and butted her forehead on the ceiling . 
 roxy 's voice sang out , a little closer than before , `` what are you doing ? '' 
 `` i ca n't see , dammit ! '' 
 janie yelled . 
 `` oh . 
 just come this way . '' 
 janie pushed with her foot and scraped forward . 
 sharp stones dug into her back . 
 a chain of curses flowed out of her mouth , filled the space . 
 the mountain threatened to crush her . 
 there was no room to breathe . 
 more curses . 
 the view behind her eyelids turned red . 
 she opened them and yellow rock bore down on her . 
 a half-basketball-sized bulge pinioned her to the ground . 
 light shone through a narrow gap . 
 `` i ca n't fit . '' 
 `` stop being a baby . '' 
 janie blew all the air out of her lungs , wriggled and scraped . 
 rock ground across her nipple . 
 then the slot widened slightly and janie rose to her feet in a room-sized cavern . 
 a steel vault door gleamed in the occasional flash from roxy 's headlamp . 
 rubber-legged , janie ran to it and yanked on the lever . 
 it would n't budge . 
 a wave of nausea washed over her . 
 would they be trapped until monday morning ? 
 could janie survive that long ? 
 was there enough air ? 
 roxy had squatted at the opposite wall and the sound of slurping echoed in the chamber . 
 janie wanted to ask what she was doing , but she was working on breathing . 
 `` it 's all so beautiful and perfect and whole , i could just drink the whole world ! '' 
 the cave echoed with roxy 's racking coughs . 
 slurp , slurp . 
 the yellow orb of light from her headlamp gleamed off the surface of a puddle . 
 janie wanted to tell her to stop . 
 any water in long shot could be contaminated with cadmium and arsenic from mining . 
 now roxy was rolling in the dirt at janie 's feet , squirming out of her clothes . 
 janie caught a flash of bare thigh and closed her eyes . 
 the sound of deep breathing and a gentle flutter by her face made her open them again . 
 roxy pirouetted and leapt around the chamber babbling about beauty and wholeness . 
 janie was n't feeling it . 
 all she felt was anxiety and dread . 
 she was suffocating in it . 
 roxy splashed into the little pool . 
 soon , she fell silent . 
 janie worked up some saliva . 
 `` roxy ? '' 
 it was like the shout that breaks you free of the nightmare . 
 suddenly , janie 's mind cleared . 
 she stumbled forward , found roxy facedown in two inches of water . 
 janie heaved roxy upright , stumbled around the room giving her abdominal thrusts . 
 water spewed out of roxy 's mouth , and finally she coughed weakly . 
 janie flipped her onto dry dirt , whipped off roxy 's headlamp and put it on her own head so she could see . 
 her own useless headlamp had been lost long before . 
 roxy began to mumble as janie ran to the door , threw herself on the lever , wrenched to and fro . 
 it did n't budge , but that was her plan and she was sticking to it . 
 `` open , open , open ! '' 
 she yelled , until it finally gave under her weight and she fell to the floor . 
 she snatched up roxy and what she could find of her clothes and dragged her into a vestibule with electronic equipment arrayed on shelves . 
 two pc 's hummed and ticked on a desk . 
 janie caught a whiff of cigarette smoke . 
 in the opposite wall , there was another steel door . 
 janie hauled the first door shut , then threw herself at the second door , wrestled it open and dragged roxy into a dim hallway . 
 vaguely , she recognized it as the basement of long shot , inc. , where ron essing had brought her on her first day . 
 janie dumped roxy on the wooden gangway and hauled the door closed behind them . 
 but something still chased her . 
 it leaked through the stone walls , through the sealed door . 
 it permeated the hallway . 
 tentacles of it tugged at her heart , her limbs . 
 the ghostly paintings on the wall taunted her : `` run away ! 
 run away ! '' 
 `` i have it , i have it , '' roxy 's eyes shone . 
 `` yes , fine . 
 bend your arm . '' 
 janie pulled on roxy 's t-shirt and pants , helped her into her windbreaker , shoved sneakers onto her feet . 
 she ran down the hall and hammered the elevator button . 
 `` roxy , let 's go ! '' 
 `` i 'm trying to think , '' said roxy . 
 `` this is really important . '' 
 the elevator clanked open . 
 janie yanked roxy in before the thing could catch up to her again . 
 somehow , she knew that if she paused , she 'd be bogged down again by anxiety and doubt , by the vastness of the universe . 
 eyes closed , roxy sighed , sighed again . 
 `` are you going to throw up ? '' 
 janie asked . 
 `` no . 
 i ca n't remember ! 
 i 'm losing it ! '' 
 `` good . '' 
 `` no , you do n't understand how important it is . '' 
 `` no , it 's not . '' 
 `` we have to go back ! 
 there 's something we need to do ! '' 
 roxy slapped at the elevator buttons , but luckily it was too late , and the doors dinged and slid open in the silent lobby . 
 it was silent for a second , then a voice boomed out of the darkness : `` did you listen to anything i told you ? '' 
 janie caught a lungful of cigarette smoke : `` pete ? '' 
 he stood in the shadows , hands on his hips . 
 `` turn off that damned headlamp . '' 
 janie tugged off the forgotten headlamp , sheepishly smoothed down her hair . 
 `` you 're lucky i happened to be here . 
 how do you think you got out ? 
 you think the airlock doors unlocked themselves ? '' 
 janie 's heart sank . 
 `` i 'm fired , are n't i ? '' 
 roxy gripped her so hard it hurt . 
 pete shifted from one leg to the other . 
 `` not if you keep your mouth shut . 
 now , get out of here . '' 
 he shoved them out into the light of day . 
 it seemed like it should be nighttime . 
 it seemed like janie had lived a whole life down there . 
 `` we 'll go back , '' said roxy , patting janie 's shoulder blade to reassure her . 
 `` maybe tomorrow . 
 we 'll figure out how . '' 
 chapter 17 while janie walked roxy home , then started the long hike back to her car at the pullout above town , pete the desk guard lit up another cigarette and rubbed his wrinkled forehead . 
 why did he do it ? 
 why take the chance for someone he barely knew ? 
 just because she reminded him of his daughter mel ? 
 he wandered back behind his desk and gazed at the computer screen as it paged through infrared scenes from the cavern and various spots around the building . 
 then he paused it at the cavern , enlarged the picture and fiddled with the contrast . 
 there it was , crumpled on the floor of the chamber : roxy 's bra or something . 
 something that did n't belong there , and might invite questions . 
 pete promised himself a fifth of crown royal if he could just take care of this . 
 tomorrow was sunday . 
 he could sleep until two p.m. and wake up numb . 
 the thought gave him a little motivation . 
 then , before he could change his mind , he dove for the elevator and inserted the key that allowed him to access the basement for the second time that day . 
 he breathed deeply in the elevator , like you do before entering a port-o-john , and when the doors squeaked open , he pressed the `` stop '' button and scurried toward the cave . 
 his head swirled . 
 `` bra , bra , bra , '' he panted as he wrenched open the vault door , flicked a light switch , spun the combination lock on the inner door and dove into the chamber . 
 down , down , he swam through thick air , reached out a slow-motion hand , hooked the lacey little thing on his index finger , brought it wonderingly to his face . 
 `` out , '' he screamed in his head , but the trip back to the surface was slower than the dive down . 
 he drifted over , sagged into the first vault door , watched himself grasp the handle . 
 part of his mind was still in the chamber , wanting to check the whole place over , make sure nothing else had been left . 
 and was it really a good idea to remove the evidence ? 
 and where should he place his feet when he walked ? 
 `` out . '' 
 he made the word fill his whole mind , to black out all the indecision , all the other actions and worlds and possibilities . 
 forced his mind to turn to the one task . 
 yes , the bra was still hooked on his finger . 
 he curled his fist around it , backed out . 
 he had the outer door half closed when he remembered the lights . 
 a whimper of despair sounded in his ears . 
 what had made that animal sound ? 
 was it him ? 
 he ran his palm down the wall , hit the switch and the light extinguished . 
 he fell to his knees after locking the second vault door . 
 it was probably for the best . 
 crawling was safer . 
 then he noticed the individual planks of the wooden gangway . 
 some had a slightly different grain than others . 
 was that meaningful ? 
 `` out , '' whispered a voice from far away , and he crawled forward into the elevator . 
 as he reached up from the floor to push the red button , he had serious doubts about where this was going , but it was too late . 
 the doors squeaked shut . 
 when his head started to clear , he opened his eyes , struggled to his feet and punched the lobby button with the side of his fist . 
 it was getting worse . 
 every time he went down to the cavern , it affected him more . 
 why had he risked so much just now ? 
 back at his desk , pete stuffed the bra to the bottom of the garbage can , ejected the security tape from the vcr , dropped it in his coat pocket and pulled a random one from the tape archive in the credenza . 
 he placed a new label over the old one and wrote the day 's date on it . 
 the sun disappeared over the mountain tops and washed the lobby floor with a tender pink . 
 he had n't found any answers about mel that day , but maybe it was good that he 'd been snooping around on his day off . 
 maybe he 'd found what he was meant to find . 
 chapter 18 on monday , roxy was still lit up like a lite-brite about her experience in the cavern over the weekend . 
 she kept peeking around the cubicle wall , grinning maniacally and dancing around the office . 
 janie could n't understand it . 
 it was the kind of experience a reasonable person does n't repeat . 
 but no , roxy rhapsodized about the ordeal in the cavern to the point that janie wondered whether she even remembered it . 
 or perhaps roxy was still under the influence of the cave and not to the `` hangover '' stage yet ? 
 `` so , why did you want to knock over the wall ? '' 
 roxy 's face clouded . 
 `` what wall ? '' 
 `` you wanted to rent a jackhammer . 
 you ca n't even remember , can you ? '' 
 roxy turned from the window , where she 'd been gazing out like a princess waiting for her prince , all giddiness and longing , and her face formed into sober lines for the first time that day . 
 `` no . '' 
 she searched janie 's eyes . 
 `` but i remember that it was wonderful . '' 
 janie groaned . 
 the spark rushed back , then . 
 `` i had it , janie . 
 i had it , and i lost it . '' 
 `` you 're deluded . '' 
 roxy turned a pitying eye her way . 
 `` i almost had it all , and i lost it , but a part of it is still right here . '' 
 she put her hand to her heart . 
 `` and i know -- '' her eyes brightened and her voice trembled . '' 
 -- i have to go back into that cavern , with or without you . '' 
 `` can you keep it down ? 
 somebody might hear . '' 
 `` nobody ever comes in here , janie . '' 
 that was true , but still roxy was being careless . 
 maybe roxy could afford to lose her unpaid internship , but janie had a mortgage to pay and top ramen to buy . 
 roxy flounced back to her cubicle , but janie could hear her rustling around . 
 obviously not getting any more work done than janie . 
 they squirmed around in their separate worlds for half an hour . 
 then janie heard a squeak as roxy bounced out of her chair . 
 `` i 'm going to talk to mr. essing . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` do n't worry . 
 i wo n't mention you . '' 
 `` what are you going to say ? '' 
 janie shoved her chair back as she stood . 
 it rolled off the edge of the carpet protector . 
 `` i do n't think you should -- '' but roxy was already halfway to the elevator . 
 on the fifth floor roxy burst out of the elevator . 
 `` where 's ron essing ? '' 
 she demanded of crystal the receptionist , who flicked a hand toward her right . 
 bounding into ron essing 's office , she got right to the point : `` you do n't know what you 're doing ! '' 
 ron stood . 
 `` you 're roxy , right ? '' 
 roxy ignored him . 
 `` and you 're a hypocrite . '' 
 `` fair enough . 
 exactly what did i do ? '' 
 `` of course you do n't know , '' roxy mumbled to herself . 
 the floor squeaked as she paced in front of ron 's desk . 
 `` where do you people get off interpreting the oracles ? 
 what makes you think you know any better than anybody else what they mean ? '' 
 `` we only -- '' `` i had a -- revelation -- over the weekend . 
 the cavern spoke directly to me . 
 i felt it in my soul . '' 
 ron sighed . 
 `` what did it say , then ? '' 
 roxy waved a hand . 
 `` i ca n't remember , exactly ... '' `` okay . '' 
 `` but it was something important . 
 i need to go ba -- i need to go into the cave . 
 and not just me . 
 we should allow -- '' `` we ? '' 
 `` allow , '' she said , louder , `` everybody to directly experience the cavern . 
 it should n't just be about making money . '' 
 `` you think i 'm getting rich ? '' 
 there was a knock at the door . 
 `` come in ! '' 
 ron shouted . 
 andrea opened the door and froze mid-step when she saw roxy . 
 `` sorry , dad . 
 i thought we were meeting at -- '' she looked at her bare wrist as though it could tell her the time . 
 roxy jumped up and made a grab for andrea 's hand . 
 `` you must be andrea . '' 
 andrea allowed roxy to shake her limp hand and formed her lips into what would have to pass for a smile . 
 ron stood as well . 
 `` roxy came to see me unexpectedly . '' 
 `` dad , something 's come up , and -- '' `` do n't mind me , '' said roxy . 
 `` if this is important , you should take care of it . '' 
 she showed no intention of leaving , however . 
 andrea jerked her chin toward the hallway and ron followed her out . 
 the oak door clunked shut behind them . 
 `` jeff wo n't come out of his apartment , '' hissed andrea . 
 `` the client 's supposed to be here in ten minutes for an oracle . '' 
 ron 's mouth formed into an ` o ' . 
 `` he has been looking ... frazzled . '' 
 `` we can use the usher as a backup , '' she said , `` but i 'm going to have to usher him in and out myself . 
 you can do the recording and interpretation , meet with the client , and so forth . '' 
 `` i do n't think that 's a good idea . '' 
 `` there 's no one else , dad . 
 and it 's just once . '' 
 she studied his face as he stood there , thinking . 
 `` no , '' he said at last . 
 `` roxy can usher him . '' 
 when essing re-entered his office a minute later , roxy was spinning in his leather executive chair . 
 she put a foot down and her hair bounced to a stop a second after . 
 he managed to keep a straight face but secretly he was charmed . 
 her cheek was , well , awe-inspiring . 
 `` i suppose you 're going to fire me , '' she said . 
 `` go ahead . 
 i 've got nothing to lose . 
 you 're the one with the problem . '' 
 he gestured and she slid out of the chair , which he then reappropriated . 
 he spoke slowly . 
 `` i ca n't give you everything you want . 
 but . 
 we have an opening in the oracle department . 
 an usher position . '' 
 roxy 's chin jerked up . 
 `` the usher escorts the oracle in and out of the cave , assists him if something goes wrong , monitors the computer equipment in the airlock . 
 the work there is more exhausting than you would think . 
 most ushers burn out after just a few months . '' 
 essing leaned back in his chair and almost toppled over . 
 she 'd adjusted the tilt mechanism . 
 `` if you can handle the exposure , there is the slight possibility that one day you could become an oracle . '' 
 her hands trembled as she lifted the hair off the back of her neck . 
 `` what does it pay ? '' 
 she kept her voice even . 
 `` i think we can work something out . 
 but i have to warn you this job is not for everyone . 
 and cave access is strictly limited . 
 you do n't smoke , do you ? '' 
 roxy shook her head . 
 they eyed each other . 
 `` you can start today . '' 
 janie worked alone from then on , in her cubicle-partitioned corner of the room on the second floor . 
 she leaned back in her chair and stared at the cracked ornamental plaster running around the edge of the ceiling . 
 sometimes she jerked awake when she started to snore . 
 light filtered over the half-wall from the large double-hung window , but she could n't tell whether it was sunny or snowing , morning or afternoon . 
 for an hour or two each day , janie pulled up her spreadsheet and entered data points . 
 she 'd come to the conclusion that nobody actually ever looked at her work . 
 ron essing might have forgotten he 'd hired her . 
 other than brief chats with pete and sporadic visits from roxy , janie 's only social connection was lacey the dog , who greeted her every night with sad eyes . 
 lacey was an excellent listener but not much of a conversationalist . 
 janie missed her dad like missing a limb . 
 as far as janie could tell , pete had refrained from mentioning janie and roxy 's caving adventure to management . 
 she 'd tried to thank him , tried to bring up the subject in one of their private morning chit-chats , but he 'd cut her off and sent her away feeling awkward . 
 since roxy 's promotion janie saw her occasionally in the lobby or on the way down in the elevator , looking pink-cheeked and bright-eyed , if a little feverish . 
 but maybe janie was imagining the feverish part . 
 envy could skew your perspective . 
 once , janie met roxy in the parking lot as they both walked into work , and janie asked about her job . 
 `` i ca n't really tell you , '' said roxy . 
 `` it 's confidential . '' 
 she said the word as though it were foreign , and janie thought she detected a note of , well , triumph in her voice . 
 that was what she got for asking , thought janie . 
 in the lobby , janie paused at pete 's desk as roxy skipped into the elevator . 
 `` she thinks she 's too good for me now , '' janie hissed . 
 a flicker of something crossed pete 's face . 
 `` do n't be an effing idiot . '' 
 janie turned away , chagrinned , and as the elevator doors closed , she thought she heard pete muttering curses . 
 chapter 19 `` pull over here , '' said margaret . 
 the pickup rolled to a stop at a wide spot in the road with a panorama of mountain peaks . 
 puffs of cloud lay in rows across the sky . 
 `` wow . '' 
 ever the artist , gary soaked it in . 
 calloused fingers rested on the steering wheel . 
 the hint of a smile peeked from under his silver moustache . 
 `` yes , yes , it 's beautiful , but you have work to do . '' 
 he lingered a moment longer , then climbed out of the truck . 
 margaret admired his veined forearms and rippling biceps as he hefted two hard plastic cases from the truck bed , and sighed to herself . 
 too bad she did n't love him . 
 he handed her a mostly empty nylon gym bag . 
 she made her way up the faint path and he followed , puffing in the high mountain air . 
 when she stopped , he set down his burden and stretched his back , watching her from under lazy lids . 
 she noted that the rocks had been moved . 
 so someone had been through her secret cave entrance . 
 kids , probably . 
 you could n't keep them out of anything . 
 she outlined with her finger where the trap door hinged out of the grate . 
 `` i need you to weld this shut so that it ca n't be used again . '' 
 `` simple enough , '' he said , and set to work . 
 she also liked that he did n't talk too much . 
 it was restful . 
 sparks flew . 
 she sat on a boulder and said to his back , `` why are you always so agreeable ? 
 you should tell me to go to hell . 
 all i do is use you . '' 
 `` works both ways , '' he said , without turning . 
 she knew he was bluffing . 
 there was no one else for gary . 
 as he worked , she drew in the sweet , familiar scent of the cave . 
 and she reminisced , but not about gary . 
 back in 1978 or so , she 'd hired a man to cut open the rusty old bars , install the hidden latch and gate , make it look like it had always been there . 
 she was sure ron had never noticed . 
 it probably never occurred to him that she 'd been in and out of the cave all of this time . 
 sure , ron thought he owned the cave . 
 but he did n't . 
 it owned him . 
 she was the one who could come and go at will , who had discovered all its secrets . 
 who was n't afraid of it . 
 she 'd toyed with the idea of stairs or a ladder down the shaft to the cave 's beating heart , the chamber of wonders where joe had been lost to the world . 
 ron would probably have never known . 
 but then the shaft had filled with water one spring and never drained , and margaret took that as a sign : a sign that maybe ron was right , that maybe human beings were n't meant to get that close to the infinite . 
 maybe it was too much to bear . 
 still , she 'd gotten close enough to satisfy her yearning by climbing down once every month or so , breathing the heavenly air and just being present for awhile . 
 she could feel joe 's broken spirit lingering there , waiting for his body to die , so that he could continue , whole , into the world beyond . 
 every year , the hike up the mountainside and the climb into the cave felt more challenging , more dangerous . 
 she 'd started to worry about breaking a hip , dying alone . 
 old lady concerns . 
 margaret sighed . 
 she had n't been back for several years now . 
 she watched the weather move in , the clouds join and break apart . 
 shielding her view with his body , gary unzipped the gym bag and brought something out , then continued welding . 
 when he finished , he flipped up his face shield and got carefully to his feet , massaging his knees . 
 she leaned over to inspect his work . 
 `` you could n't resist , '' she sighed . 
 he 'd added his own signature : a steel flower bloomed out of the grate . 
 curly chrome petals , rusted nail stamens . 
 the kind of flower that might exist on another planet : beautiful but dangerous . 
 `` for you , '' he said . 
 `` my steely little beauty . '' 
 chapter 20 andrea perched on the edge of a vinyl club chair , knees together , and leaned in to speak to the client . 
 he was facing the warmth of the fire . 
 behind him , a view of snow-dusted mountain ridges filled the streaked windows . 
 he felt for the envelope of cash in his breast pocket , then turned the nervous gesture into a tug at his tie . 
 `` show me your question , mr. wechter . '' 
 with two fingers , he slipped a folded sheet of yellow legal paper from another pocket . 
 andrea moved his coffee to the side then spread out the paper on the coffee table , read over the single sentence . 
 she spent ten minutes with him fine-tuning his question , asking for details , suggesting more specific phrasing . 
 when she was satisfied , she waited . 
 `` oh ! '' 
 he exclaimed at last . 
 `` i suppose you 'll want this ! '' 
 he drew out the envelope . 
 she scooped it up with the marked-up sheet of legal paper . 
 it was $ 10,000 in cash . 
 she left him in the shabby ballroom and took the elevator back to her office . 
 there , she handed the paper to roxy , who trotted off downstairs . 
 she watched on camera as don , the replacement oracle , prepared himself , as roxy and don entered the air seal , as roxy perched on a stool , inhaling deeply . 
 don let himself into the cavern . 
 andrea pressed `` record '' on the console at her desk . 
 he held the crumpled paper in his fist . 
 at first he looked anxious , standing there , like his bus was late . 
 then , there was a shift . 
 `` to go under what is under and over what is overhead in between things with no spaces what 's here is there and vice-versa through the solid jump back in time be in two places at once high is low young is old what is here is not here , or is something else -lrb- as it surely is for someone else -rrb- , but that someone else is you as well the in-between the not-one-nor-the-other inside out the impossibly possible . 
 all that has never happened . 
 where change changes nothing because all potentials are already there . '' 
 he said all of this in one breath , squeaked out the last word , and collapsed to the ground , heaving . 
 oh , shit . 
 she was going to have to give him a few days off . 
 andrea dove for the intercom . 
 `` roxy , go get him . '' 
 on screen , the air seal opened . 
 the young girl bounded in , coaxed the oracle into a standing position and led him out on her arm . 
 it did n't escape andrea that roxy lingered a moment before heaving the airlock closed , the way andrea sometimes paused to drink in a sunset . 
 andrea glanced at the clock at the bottom of her computer screen , sighed , and played back don 's speech . 
 it was okay , but it did n't address the client 's question , which was about his wife 's cancer . 
 it was important to give him his money 's worth , so andrea tacked one final sentence onto the end as she transcribed it : `` health and sickness are a matter of perspective . '' 
 when andrea stepped back into the ballroom with a transcript of the oracle written out in calligraphy on thick cotton-bond paper , she found mr. wechter chatting with janie . 
 they looked a little too cozy there , huddled in front of the fire . 
 janie was warming her backside . 
 mr. wechter was laughing . 
 andrea distinctly heard janie say , `` i think they 're crazy , but they hired me , so i ca n't really complain . '' 
 janie glimpsed andrea too late , murmured something about getting back to work and scurried away . 
 mr. wechter shifted uncomfortably and reached for the transcript andrea held out to him . 
 `` i was telling the girl about my agency . 
 she says she wants to get into advertising , '' he said , almost by way of apology . 
 `` you 'd be doing me a favor if you took her off my hands , '' said andrea . 
 the smile slipped from his face . 
 `` well , let 's see what you 've got for me . '' 
 after lingering in the hall just long enough to overhear , janie paced in her cubicle , grimacing and thumping herself on the forehead until she heard andrea escort mr. wechter out . 
 why could n't janie keep her mouth shut ? 
 she should know by now to never , ever give too much information . 
 that was , like , the number one rule in advertising according to george . 
 wechter worldwide branding would never hire her now , and andrea would probably fire her . 
 janie braced for the blowback . 
 sure enough , andrea showed up in janie 's cubicle only a few minutes later . 
 janie did n't try to pretend she 'd been working . 
 andrea trembled with rage . 
 she jabbed a finger at janie . 
 `` you do n't know anything about this business , and i do n't appreciate your smart-ass remarks . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' janie said , as fast as she could . 
 she could feel her face flaming . 
 before janie could get down on her knees , andrea whirled and marched out . 
 apparently , janie had been adequately debased . 
 janie dedicated her afternoon to thinking of clever responses to andrea 's harangue . 
 things like , `` when i 'm your age , i 'm not going to be working for my dad , '' and `` did you realize you have no lips ? '' 
 chapter 21 a wave of whispers passed through long shot , inc. . 
 janie did n't hear it from pete as she scurried into work 45 minutes late the next day . 
 she caught the news from roxy , who made a special trip up to visit janie in her lonely cubicle . 
 roxy bounced around talking a mile a minute : osha had arrived for a surprise inspection . 
 a work safety complaint had been filed by an anonymous person . 
 the compliance officers had confiscated a bunch of employee files . 
 they had met privately with several employees , held a conference with ron essing , and were at that moment touring the basement in gas masks with a case full of gauges and gizmos . 
 `` gas masks ? '' 
 `` that 's what i heard . '' 
 according to roxy , there were several rumors about the inspection . 
 one was that the company would be shut down . 
 janie 's chest tightened at the thought . 
 another rumor was that lead from mining waste had contaminated the building 's water system . 
 `` by the way , '' said roxy , `` i 've been going through mel 's stuff -- you know , the papers from your desk ? '' 
 `` mm-hm . '' 
 janie was still thinking about osha . 
 `` and i found some stuff that will blow your mind . 
 seriously , big stuff . '' 
 here she goes again , thought janie . 
 if janie asked about it , roxy would just tell her it was `` confidential '' or something . 
 `` that 's nice , '' janie said , with a bland smile . 
 `` seriously . 
 like , did you know that if you go into this certain chamber at just the right time , it will take you away to , i do n't know , like , another dimension -- '' `` you sound like my aunt m. '' '' -- where you can see through the illusion of material existence . '' 
 `` sounds awesome . '' 
 `` just because you 've never experienced oneness does n't mean you have to be sarcastic . '' 
 as roxy left , janie muttered , `` yes , you 're very special . 
 i 'm super impressed . '' 
 on her way home ten minutes early -lrb- she 'd realized that nobody really cared when she came or went -rrb- , janie stopped at pete 's desk to ask him about the osha inspection rumors . 
 every muscle in his body tensed . 
 a vein stood out on his forehead . 
 janie drew back . 
 `` i just thought you might know . '' 
 `` why would i know ? 
 i do n't effing know anything , '' he barked . 
 and that was the end of that conversation . 
 chapter 22 one moment she saw the sheen of ice . 
 the next moment , the taurus was buried nose-first in broken trees by the creek . 
 janie had been driving home down the canyon , just like any other night . 
 it was a route she 'd gotten to know well . 
 she knew the sharp corners , the places where deer crossed , the spots where she could squeeze past slow-moving cars . 
 but it had snowed that day , lazy specks drifting out of the sky , and janie had n't thought to watch for ice . 
 after all , it was only october . 
 winter was months away , right ? 
 she cursed the weather , extricated herself from the taurus , tried to slam the door in fury , but it just bounced open again . 
 cars whooshed past , invisible on the road above . 
 none of them stopped . 
 huffing , she climbed the embankment . 
 a car approached and she tried to flag it down . 
 it slowed just enough to make the curve , and the driver gave her a dirty look as he sped into the straightaway . 
 rigid with rage at the road , at the weather , at that other dammed driver , but mostly at herself -lrb- could she not do anything right ? -rrb- 
 , janie pulled her cell phone from her purse . 
 no bars . 
 she had n't been expecting cell reception here , but it would have been nice . 
 sighing , she dropped it back in , then got her bearings . 
 on the other side of the road was a mailbox on a post and a rough dirt driveway . 
 she would ask to use their phone . 
 tufts of withered grass held a coating of frost . 
 lodgepole pines crowded the driveway . 
 pine needles crunched under foot . 
 up ahead , she saw a gleam of metal and a splash of aqua blue . 
 she must be nearing the house , which was good because she was n't feeling too well . 
 she had the instinct that if she stopped , she would n't be able to start again , so she put her head down and counted footsteps to keep her going . 
 she 'd find out what the crash had done to her once she got some help . 
 glancing up , she saw a shiny aqua and silver trailer , circa 1950 , perched on cinder blocks in a rough clearing . 
 strewn about were a dismantled pickup , a stack of wood pallets , odds and ends . 
 the shed was half finished . 
 tar-paper hung off it in shreds . 
 all was silent . 
 what if the homeowners were n't there ? 
 she 'd break in , she decided . 
 this was no time for ethics . 
 and once she got to the telephone , who would she call ? 
 that was the kicker . 
 dad was n't around any more , and her good friend emma was off at college in massachusetts , partying with frat boys . 
 under a corrugated fiberglass overhang , janie hammered on the aluminum door . 
 the trailer rocked and squeaked as someone approached . 
 the door burst open . 
 and there stood pete , gut hanging over his boxer shorts , with a rifle under his arm . 
 his face covered all the gamut of emotions , then settled on puzzled . 
 janie tried to smile . 
 `` what the ... effing ... ? '' 
 he said at last . 
 he scanned the clearing behind her , looked her over , then turned to his own living room . 
 the gun bobbed along with him . 
 janie smelled cigarette smoke and liquor . 
 `` i crashed my car , '' she said . 
 `` how did you know i live here ? '' 
 `` i did n't . '' 
 he turned away and disappeared from view . 
 `` you might as well come in , '' he said . 
 as she stepped into the tiny living room , she saw him stash a chivas bottle in the cupboard above the sink . 
 covering the floor was a checkerboard of stained rugs . 
 everything in the trailer was in miniature : the tiny sink , the bulbous fridge , the two-burner stove , the built-in knotty pine bookshelves . 
 pete seemed to hunch so he would n't hit his head . 
 even the curtains were tiny , like flowered halter tops . 
 `` can i use your bathroom ? '' 
 he motioned her into a cubby beyond the kitchen with a vinyl accordion door that refused to latch . 
 once she collapsed onto the commode , she took in the miniature pink bathtub and matching sink . 
 it smelled faintly of mice and methane . 
 when she flushed , the water trickled away . 
 back in the kitchen , she hugged herself and rocked from foot to foot while he sucked down a marlboro in two breaths , then took a long swallow , eyes closed , from his budweiser . 
 he had put on jeans . 
 the way their conversation had ended earlier that day , janie did n't know where they stood . 
 were they still friends ? 
 `` i -- uh -- just need to use your phone , and i 'll get out of your hair as soon as i can . '' 
 `` you came here for a phone ? '' 
 he spoke to a spot above her head . 
 `` to call a tow-truck . '' 
 she could talk the driver into giving her a ride home . 
 `` why would i have a phone ? '' 
 most people did . 
 he did n't seem to realize that . 
 or he was just trying to make things harder on her . 
 he 'd decided he hated her for some reason , and did n't want to help her out . 
 well , it was either let her use the phone or she 'd stay all night . 
 `` look , asshole , i 'm sorry i intruded on your peaceful evening , but i did n't have any choice , and my back hurts too much to walk into town . '' 
 that was no lie . 
 she 'd barely been able to get up off the commode . 
 `` so either you help me out or you 're stuck with me . '' 
 `` i 'll give you a ride home , okay ? 
 just let me rest a bit . 
 i was n't planning on driving tonight . '' 
 he took one last swig of beer , got up and moved a case of motor oil off a kitchen chair so she could sit down . 
 then he started making coffee . 
 `` how 'd you know we were in the cavern the other day ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` the alarm company could n't call you if you do n't have a phone . '' 
 he shrugged , interrupted the flow of coffee to pour himself a cup . 
 `` do you work on saturdays ? '' 
 `` you can either stop asking questions or you can effing walk home . '' 
 it was pitch dark when pete pulled his explorer around and gave janie a boost into the front seat . 
 janie wondered whether two cups of coffee was enough , because his driving seemed self-consciously cautious . 
 on the other hand , she was in no position to complain , since he was doing her a favor and was n't making any mistakes . 
 he drove slowly down the driveway , turned carefully out into the road and parked on the shoulder where she indicated . 
 `` yep , '' he said . 
 `` we get a lot of accidents at this curve . '' 
 janie did n't respond . 
 she did n't want to give him another excuse to bark at her . 
 `` a guy died here once , a while back . '' 
 pete got out and walked over to the edge . 
 stood , hands on his hips , peering over the edge into the darkness . 
 when he climbed back into the truck , he said , `` they should put in a guardrail . '' 
 he pulled out and they rounded a couple of curves before he said : `` look , i guess i should n't of snapped at you earlier , okay ? '' 
 still , she kept her silence . 
 `` you can start talking to me again , 'cause you 're not going to get another apology no matter how long you sulk . '' 
 `` ca n't a person just not talk ? 
 does that always have to be an insult ? '' 
 `` no . 
 unless it is . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` an insult . '' 
 janie drew a calming breath . 
 `` i 've had a pretty lousy day , pete . 
 can we not make it worse ? '' 
 `` well , i can relate . '' 
 janie waited , but he did n't elaborate . 
 a couple more curves came and went . 
 a car coming from the opposite direction flashed its brights , and pete flicked off his with a mumbled curse . 
 `` i do n't know how i 'm going to get to work . 
 what if i lose my job because i ca n't come in ? 
 and i ca n't afford repairs . '' 
 `` insurance will cover that . '' 
 `` yeah , if i had it . '' 
 she had n't been able to make the payments since dad died . 
 she leaned forward , hugging herself . 
 and what if the taurus was totalled ? 
 `` turn left here , '' she mumbled . 
 `` it 's the one on the right with the big bush out front . '' 
 `` i remember . '' 
 `` oh , yeah , that 's right . '' 
 he 'd returned her purse after it was stolen . 
 pete slowed and coasted to the shoulder . 
 she started to get out , but he put out an arm to stay her . 
 `` you worried you 're going to get in trouble ? '' 
 she closed her eyes . 
 if only . 
 `` you want me to come in ? 
 explain to your parents about it being a dangerous curve and how it probably was n't really your fault ? '' 
 she tried to smile through the pain , but she could tell it was n't working . 
 he looked concerned now . 
 `` my dad , ah , died recently . '' 
 he blew out his breath . 
 a puff of alcohol and stale smoke on her cheek . 
 `` your mom ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` texas . '' 
 she realized she was rocking back and forth , and made herself stop . 
 he sat very still , focused on the view of the road through the windshield . 
 `` why do n't you just collect what you need and you can stay at my place until you get straightened out . '' 
 `` aah -- '' `` i 'm serious . 
 and i 'm not -- ah -- one of those guys . 
 you can sleep in my room , i 'll take the sofa . '' 
 `` no . 
 i could n't . 
 i do n't want to inconvenience you , and besides -- '' `` no . 
 think it through . 
 how the hell are you going to get to work ? 
 excuse my language , but you 're pissing me off . '' 
 `` i have a dog , '' she said . 
 `` i could use a dog around the place . 
 if i 'd had a dog , i would 've known you were coming tonight . '' 
 `` i do n't understand why you 're being so nice all of a sudden . '' 
 what was in it for him ? 
 `` you think i 'm not nice ? 
 you can effing go to hell ! '' 
 was that supposed to be a joke ? 
 `` okay , but just until my car is fixed . '' 
 he helped her struggle out of the truck and limp up her front walk . 
 when janie stepped into the house , lacey flung herself at her ecstatically . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , baby , i 'm so sorry ! '' 
 she let the dog into the yard to do her business . 
 there was a wet spot on the carpet . 
 poor lacey . 
 janie threw a dish towel down and stepped on it to blot up the pee while she arranged for the car to be towed to long shot in the morning . 
 then she gathered some clothes and dog food , called up lacey and headed for pete 's truck . 
 she felt a pang as she locked the door . 
 she did n't want to sleep in this moody man 's smelly trailer , but , as he 'd pointed out , she did n't really have a better option . 
 she woke up when he turned off the engine at his place . 
 she was even more stiff after the drive . 
 pete kindly took her garbage bag of clothes and put it in his bedroom . 
 he changed the sheets while she watched , then threw the dirty bedding on the love seat in the living room . 
 lacey sniffed around before settling at the foot of the bed . 
 `` i 'll be out of your way in a day or two , '' janie said . 
 pete looked at her doubtfully . 
 `` it seems to me i 'll never get rid of you . 
 do n't take that the wrong way . 
 it 's just that you keep showing up . 
 might as well give in . '' 
 after janie went to sleep , pete opened a door off the tiny living room and stepped into a second bedroom . 
 the bed was white with a frilled pink comforter and plastic pillars supporting a canopy . 
 faded stuffed animals lounged on the deep windowsill . 
 a photo of mel in cap and gown sat on the built-in dresser . 
 he paused by that , then sat on the bed and lifted the pillow to his face . 
 berries and bubblegum . 
 he could still smell her there if only faintly . 
 he 'd told her when she graduated from high school that he 'd keep her room here forever , just in case she needed it , and he could n't bring himself to break that promise , even though it seemed like she was never coming back . 
 he woke just before dawn , curled on the frilly comforter . 
 he straightened the wrinkles out and closed the door behind him before sprawling on the love seat for the last half hour of darkness . 
 janie rode to work with pete that morning . 
 usually , janie would bring a peanut butter and jelly sandwich for lunch , but she had n't felt right raiding pete 's cupboards before work , so she ducked out to the casino to grab a bite at noon . 
 she ordered the chili special , which was the cheapest thing on the menu , and as she waited for it to arrive , she noticed roxy at a nearby table with some familiar looking people from work . 
 it seemed silly to eat alone while a group of her co-workers had a lively conversation just a few feet away . 
 but what if she walked over to say hi and they did n't invite her to join them ? 
 that would be worse . 
 janie switched to the other side of her booth so she could pretend she had n't seen them . 
 she stared at the ceiling and listened to the piped-in music and the cacophony of slot machines . 
 the group 's conversation swelled as they prepared to leave . 
 janie wished she had something to read . 
 she pulled the condiment caddy toward her and started inventorying the contents . 
 `` hi ! 
 i thought you brought your lunch or i would have invited you ! '' 
 `` roxy ! '' 
 janie feigned surprise . 
 `` i did n't even see you ! '' 
 roxy slid into the booth across from janie and leaned in conspiratorially . 
 just then , janie 's chili arrived , finally . 
 `` a bunch of us got together to discuss the osha inspection . 
 they 're still poking around today , you know . '' 
 janie shoveled down chili and nodded . 
 `` we could get shut down , '' roxy said . 
 janie looked up sharply . 
 frankly , with all of her problems the night before , she 'd forgotten all about the inspection . 
 oh , god . 
 what if she lost her job ? 
 `` why ? '' 
 asked janie . 
 `` just a bunch of bureaucratic bullshit , as far as i 'm concerned , '' roxy bounced in her seat . 
 but janie knew why . 
 the cavern was dangerous . 
 not in any way she could pinpoint . 
 it just felt that way . 
 `` shit . 
 what will we do ? '' 
 roxy leaned in again , savoring her next tidbit . 
 `` they 're saying pete is the one who filed the complaint . '' 
 `` that does n't make any sense , '' said janie . 
 `` he needs his job just as much as the rest of us . '' 
 roxy shrugged . 
 `` that 's what i heard . 
 so are you going out with him ? '' 
 `` pete ? 
 are you crazy ? '' 
 roxy studied her face with a self-satisfied smile . 
 `` what ? '' 
 asked janie . 
 `` you did n't answer my question . '' 
 janie rolled her eyes . 
 `` no ! '' 
 `` i know you 're into older guys . 
 i think you 'd be cute together . '' 
 roxy watched janie finish off her chili . 
 `` do n't you have to get back to work ? '' 
 asked janie . 
 `` i 'll wait for you . '' 
 janie consulted the check and pulled exact change out of her purse . 
 `` do you know a cheap mechanic ? '' 
 janie asked roxy . 
 `` around here ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i crashed my car . 
 i could only afford to tow it to long shot and the garage here is going to charge more than it 's worth to fix it . '' 
 `` i can have charlie look at it . 
 he 's good with engines and stuff . 
 besides , he owes me . 
 he never pays any rent and he thinks none of the mess in the bathroom is his . '' 
 `` you 'd do that for me ? '' 
 roxy shrugged . 
 `` we 're friends , right ? '' 
 janie guessed they were . 
 the taurus was towed over to roxy 's place , a run-down victorian house she shared with two girls who worked at the casino . 
 charlie indicated that he 'd take a look at it , but did n't give janie any sort of timeline . 
 he thought he could probably get it limping along . 
 that night , janie waited by pete 's faded explorer while he closed up the building . 
 some of her co-workers gave her curious looks as they pulled out of the parking lot , but no one stopped to talk to her . 
 both janie and pete were silent on the way home . 
 the inspection seemed to have sapped the energy out of everyone . 
 dinner consisted of elk steaks from the deep freeze and beer . 
 root beer for janie . 
 `` this boy was a ten-pointer . '' 
 pete jabbed his fork at his plate . 
 i got him from the porch , in my underpants , on christmas morning . 
 he was right out there by the propane tank . 
 one shot . 
 pow ! '' 
 `` wow . '' 
 `` that does n't offend you , does it ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i just do n't want to think about it . '' 
 `` my daughter was soft-hearted , too . 
 mel would eat 'em , but she wanted to give 'em a funeral first . '' 
 lacey took a morsel from his fingers and gazed adoringly at him . 
 `` where is she now ? 
 your daughter ? '' 
 pete bent over his steak , gulped down the rest of his beer , stood and pulled janie 's plate right out from under her , mid-bite . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 she grabbed for it . 
 he lowered it slowly back into place . 
 `` you 're going to take all day , you can wash your own dishes . '' 
 `` i was going to wash them all ! 
 jesus ! 
 just let me finish ! '' 
 `` so you like it ? '' 
 `` it 's delicious . 
 sit down . '' 
 he lowered himself warily back into his chair , leaned across the kitchen and pulled another beer from the humming fridge . 
 pete 's daughter was soft-hearted . 
 was . 
 past tense . 
 oops . 
 janie searched for a new subject of conversation . 
 `` people are saying you 're the one who filed the osha complaint . '' 
 `` who 's saying ? '' 
 janie squirmed . 
 `` roxy . '' 
 `` she does n't know anything . 
 the complaint was anonymous . '' 
 while janie did the dishes , pete moved his television and dvd player from the top of his dresser and set it up on a grimy plastic picnic cooler in the living room . 
 he lined up several beers on the floor by his feet and started working his way through them . 
 janie and pete slumped on opposite ends of the love seat with lacey stretched out between them . 
 janie saw about ten minutes of a clint eastwood movie from netflix before she dozed off . 
 she jerked awake when her head lolled to the side , mumbled goodnight and stumbled into pete 's bedroom to sleep . 
 when janie got up in the morning , lacey was curled up with pete in a cloud of beer farts . 
 chapter 23 mid-morning , andrea appeared like a ghost in janie 's office . 
 janie felt a presence , then leapt to minimize her horoscope . 
 surely , andrea saw it all , but she did n't show it . 
 she simply announced , stiff-lipped , that janie was expected to attend a company-wide meeting across the hall at three . 
 when the time came , janie followed the hubbub into the parquet-floored ballroom and claimed a faded velvet sofa against the wall . 
 about twenty people had gathered in the room . 
 some faces looked familiar , but surprisingly , many she 'd never seen before . 
 at one end of the room was the elaborate mirrored oak bar with the lewd mural above it . 
 the rest was mostly empty , dotted with people and tired furniture , framed by a dusty crystal chandelier and sagging velvet drapes . 
 ron essing stood by the bar and asked everyone to gather around . 
 janie could see his bald spot reflected in the mirror . 
 people shuffled forward . 
 roxy waved janie over to her group . 
 janie sighed and wove her way over . 
 `` as most of you know , '' ron essing announced , `` we had a surprise safety inspection two days ago by osha compliance officers . '' 
 the group grew still . 
 he cleared his throat and looked around . 
 `` this was not a pleasant experience . '' 
 a few people chuckled . 
 `` they took air and water samples , spoke to some of you and confiscated thirteen cartons of employee records , among other things . 
 and we will be receiving a letter , at their leisure , notifying us of the results of their tests and the findings of their investigation . 
 until then , the future of long shot , inc. is in the air . 
 your livelihoods , the very life of this town , is in jeopardy . '' 
 a murmur ran through the group . 
 ron essing raised his voice . 
 `` and all of this could have been prevented . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` this inspection was instigated by an anonymous complaint . '' 
 janie saw heads swivel , craned her neck to follow the collective gaze . 
 and there was pete , alone , leaning against the wall at the top of the grand staircase . 
 `` rather than running around behind my back , any employee of this company who has an issue , '' -lrb- he gave the word a sarcastic emphasis -rrb- `` should come directly to me . '' 
 his eyes seemed to settle on pete . 
 then he scanned the crowd and was about to continue when a voice rose above the mutter of the crowd . 
 `` how long have i worked for you , ron ? '' 
 it was pete . 
 essing paused before answering . 
 `` since you were a kid , doing odd jobs . '' 
 `` so , about forty years ? '' 
 ron 's response was careful . 
 `` something like that . '' 
 the men stared at each other through the crowd . 
 `` and when you offered my daughter , mel , a job out of high school , i was grateful . 
 it kept her in long shot , where she belonged . '' 
 ron nodded . 
 `` and then she changed . '' 
 pete 's co-workers gazed at their feet . 
 roxy and her friends flitted glances at each other . 
 only ron essing looked directly at him . 
 `` and when i needed that time off , after she disappeared , you told me to take all i needed , not to worry about it ... '' suddenly , it hit janie : the girl she had replaced in the trends department , the girl who had vanished , was pete 's daughter . 
 it could n't be a coincidence . 
 but why had no one told her ? 
 and how had she never made the connection ? 
 pete was still talking : '' ... but you were n't willing to help me search the cave for her . 
 and when i asked about her work , about how she 'd changed , well , you do n't want anyone asking questions , do you ? 
 i do n't want to lose my job any more than anyone else here , '' pete continued . 
 janie felt people fidgeting around her . 
 `` excellent , '' said essing . 
 `` i 'm sure you 'll do your best to help -- '' `` which is why , '' pete broke in . 
 he stood straight and raised a finger , `` i did n't push too hard . 
 `` and then , just a few weeks ago , you had the balls to tell me that mental illness runs in my family . 
 you know what runs in the family ? '' 
 he threw out an arm . 
 `` this place . 
 this effing place ! 
 i do n't know why i never saw it before . '' 
 ron drew himself up . 
 pete raised his voice . 
 `` yeah , i called osha . 
 i called effing osha . '' 
 janie noted with alarm that pete 's face ran with tears . 
 everyone started talking at once . 
 a man next to janie said , `` takes after his father . '' 
 roxy turned on him . 
 `` he 's nothing like jeff . '' 
 janie scanned the room . 
 pete 's father was n't there . 
 andrea clambered up onto the bar in her skirt and stood , feet by the antique brass taps , shouting , `` everybody , quiet ! '' 
 people yelled , jostled each other . 
 janie threaded her way over to pete , dragged him down the stairs and out the door . 
 at the explorer , janie took the keys from pete . 
 the truck jerked backward when she rammed it into gear . 
 on the road out of town she started to get a feel for the thing , picked up speed . 
 she had to point her toe to reach the pedals . 
 pete gazed out the passenger window . 
 she could n't tell if he was still crying . 
 janie wished fervently that she had another place to stay . 
 what had made her drag pete away ? 
 the knowledge that her ride home depended on him , certainly . 
 but also a feeling that it was the right thing to do . 
 whether or not his claims were valid , whether or not he 'd filed the complaint that could leave them both unemployed , someone had to save him from that room . 
 and she was the only one . 
 and she owed him . 
 she owed this grumpy , unpredictable old fart big-time . 
 and , in a way , she kind of liked him . 
 in a way , he was her hero . 
 after all , she 'd been down in that cavern . 
 and there was something wrong about it . 
 something that followed everywhere she went , tendrils grasping at her ankles , catching in her throat , sludging up her mind , fumbling her hands . 
 `` so you did file the complaint , '' she said , when they were about half way home . 
 `` the police said she ran away . 
 with all the mistakes i 've made and her having a kind of a wild streak , i guess it 's all clear to them . 
 but that 's bullshit , sorry . 
 mel had spirit . 
 she never ran away from anything . 
 if anything , she ran toward trouble . 
 the question is , what kind of trouble did she run into ? 
 `` when things happen in long shot , people always have their excuses : superfund site . 
 lead in the water from mining . 
 makes people crazy . 
 should 've drunk perrier . 
 but there 's more to it than that . 
 people come here from all over the world . 
 normal people who drink bottled water . 
 they get lost . 
 they fall off cliffs . 
 they disappear . 
 i think they come here to die . '' 
 `` i never heard about that . '' 
 `` well , you would n't . 
 but what i want to know is why come here ? 
 hell , it 's effing easy enough to die at home ! '' 
 `` so you think it 's the cave ? '' 
 pete grunted . 
 they 'd arrived at pete 's place . 
 janie shut off the engine , fumbled on the parking brake when the explorer started to roll backward . 
 the trailer rattled with lacey 's barks . 
 `` i 'm sorry about your daughter , '' janie said to pete 's back as he climbed out of the truck . 
 that night , pete drained beer after beer , then passed out on the sofa . 
 on friday , they drove to work in silence . 
 janie was n't sure whether it was her imagination , but her co-workers seemed to be avoiding her . 
 mid-afternoon , the phone on janie 's desk rang . 
 janie jumped , then fumbled up the receiver . 
 `` where have you been ? '' 
 the voice on the line demanded . 
 `` who is this ? '' 
 `` it 's your aunt margaret . 
 i 've left seven messages for you . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , aunt margaret . 
 it 's a long story , but i 've been staying at ... a friend 's house and i do n't get cell reception . '' 
 `` what kind of excuse is that ? 
 i 'm an old woman and you 're all i have left . 
 did n't you even want to check in ? 
 what if i broke my hip and was lying here on the floor dying ? '' 
 janie snorted . 
 aunt margaret had plenty of life left in her . 
 she was unstoppable . 
 it was janie whose life seemed to be draining away , disappointment by disappointment . 
 they discussed janie 's father 's estate . 
 janie would inherit the house , of course . 
 insurance paperwork had been mailed . 
 janie promised she 'd sign whatever was needed and drop it off at aunt margaret 's over the weekend . 
 pete was driving into town to do errands . 
 surely he 'd give janie a lift . 
 chapter 24 friday night , pete finished his supply of beer and polished off the whiskey as well . 
 janie awoke saturday to the sound of retching in the pastel bathroom by her head . 
 she slipped out and took lacey for a run along the canyon road , dodging off the asphalt when the occasional car roared up behind them . 
 janie felt almost giddy to have escaped the gloomy atmosphere and lacey grinned up into her face and leapt playfully at her feet . 
 when they arrived back , pete was sipping coffee and having a smoke , hair still damp from the shower . 
 broken blood vessels stained his eyelids but he put on a hearty show , and janie decided to go along with the pretense that nothing was wrong . 
 they joked and chatted on the way down the canyon , as though they were headed off to hawaii , and not the laundromat , king soopers , liquor emporium and burger king drive-thru . 
 halfway down the canyon they came into cell range . 
 janie turned on her phone and worked through her messages . 
 sure enough , there were several from aunt margaret , but there was one message that pushed everything else out of her head . 
 it was a text from george . 
 george , her old boss , her married boyfriend . 
 george the pussy : `` been thinking about u. miss u. '' janie could imagine that it meant everything that she could possibly hope . 
 did he love her ? 
 was he leaving leslie ? 
 or was it the same old game , the one janie had thought she was winning , but in truth she 'd been benched from the start ? 
 she reread the message , then sat , still as a statue , oblivious to the view through the windshield as a storm of emotions tore through her heart . 
 only when they pulled up in front of her house was she distracted from the storm . 
 the grass was a foot high . 
 she collected a few crumpled flyers out of the juniper bush , fished a week 's worth of mail out of the mailbox . 
 the inside of the house smelled like spoiled milk . 
 dust swirled in the yellow light coming through the gap in the curtains . 
 poor , lonely house . 
 `` i 'm trying to keep you , '' she told it silently . 
 pete used the bathroom as she opened the manila envelopes from the insurance company and the lawyer . 
 eyes blurred with tears , she scrawled her name by the red arrows and stuffed the documents back in their envelopes . 
 before locking up , she took the sour milk from the fridge and the trash from under the sink and tossed them into the can out back . 
 she trailed pete through king soopers and liquor emporium , picked at her whopper . 
 aunt margaret was n't home , so janie propped the paperwork inside the screen door of her artfully scruffy bungalow in town . 
 centered on the overgrown grass , a fifteen-foot scrap-metal ostrich with golf balls for eyes gazed down at them comically . 
 one of aunt m 's admirers was a scrap-metal artist . 
 to cheer janie up , pete said , `` her yard 's worse than yours . '' 
 `` but she does it on purpose , '' said janie . 
 all those bits of plastic bag and stuff tangled up in the fence , she wove them in on purpose . 
 and she bought the pile of broken cinder blocks on craigslist . 
 i think she 's trying to get back at her neighbor for something . '' 
 pete looked over at the green , golf course smooth lawn next door , the regimented bushes and autumn mums , and laughed . 
 `` i like her spirit . '' 
 `` not everybody does . '' 
 on sunday , janie attacked the trailer with ajax while lacey and pete fled into the woods . 
 she opened the door off the living room and peered in at the stuffy second bedroom , the frills and stuffed animals . 
 then a faint click from somewhere made her start back guiltily and close the door . 
 when pete came back , he took a look around , and his only comment was , `` you 're starting to get a little too comfortable here . '' 
 he said it with a smile . 
 chapter 25 sometimes you just know something . 
 it might not make sense . 
 you might not remember anyone explaining it , but you know it the way children see the evil in the man with the candy , the way geese know to fly south , the way flowers turn to the sun . 
 in the same way jeff knew a thing or two . 
 so it happened one day when jeff had tired of his self-imposed isolation , and of mourning for his granddaughter mel , and his guilt , his shame , over the role he had played in her death . 
 he had resolved never to enter the cave again , never to do another oracle , yet he had nowhere else to go . 
 he loitered in his usual spot on the portico of long shot , inc. in his bathrobe , heckling the other employees , and something drew his attention to the parking lot . 
 as he paused to watch , a woman stepped out of a shiny car and marched on the building . 
 it had been a few years since jeff had last seen margaret sneaking around , but he would recognize her anywhere . 
 their eyes locked . 
 with his stare , he let her know that she did n't fool him . 
 he had been watching her for forty years . 
 he knew all about her private entrance , her secret visits . 
 she held his gaze , unintimidated . 
 dread washed over him . 
 it was all coming together . 
 everything repeating again . 
 `` the sparkler , '' he muttered to himself . 
 `` shit . '' 
 when jeff and margaret had first met -lrb- if you could call it a meeting -rrb- . 
 when they first collided , more like , jeff had seen what she was made of . 
 it had been 1971 . 
 he was down in the cavern , way back in the warren of rooms , minding his own business , sitting in the dark molding a figure from clay . 
 it was the beginning , the adam , you could say , of his clay figurines . 
 driven by euphoria , potential , everywhere . 
 this was before he realized that potential does n't help you at all unless you actually do something . 
 you could dream your life away grooving on potential . 
 jeff mostly had , except for those interludes , those stolen days and months when he had torn himself away , lived like a living man , then been dragged back to the cave , as though by an undertow . 
 so he had been way down in the cavern , in the dark , minding his own business , when along comes the girl in tight bell-bottoms , bosom fairly bursting from her plaid shirt . 
 the girl he had watched sleeping . 
 she stumbles on his foot , her flashlight washes over him , lights up the room , and she says one word : `` oh . '' 
 oh , what a sexy oh . 
 then she said , `` you left me flowers . '' 
 jeff tried to think what she meant . 
 `` at the top of the stairs . 
 in a row , '' she added . 
 and then it clicked . 
 `` luster does that ... did that . '' 
 he had never known why luster did that sort of thing . 
 it made her seem almost human . 
 the organizing , the offering , the collecting : very human traits . 
 he had felt like he almost knew her . 
 he and luster seemed to connect , even though she was a rodent . 
 they had overcome interspecies barriers , you could say . 
 and when jeff found the bear-shaped gold nugget tucked in luster 's midden , he 'd strung it on a leather boot lace and fitted it around her neck , like a necklace , or a collar . 
 he thought she 'd like that . 
 `` your friend killed her , '' said jeff . 
 `` the rat ? '' 
 `` she was more than a rat . '' 
 `` you 're not real , are you ? '' 
 the young margaret had said , proud of herself for figuring it out . 
 why deny it ? 
 jeff often felt unreal . 
 but it was uncomfortable for someone else to point that out . 
 `` you 're a sparkler , '' he had said . 
 she took it as a compliment , although it was n't meant that way . 
 `` maybe you can help me , '' she confided . 
 `` i 'm looking for something that was left here for me . 
 a golden bear . '' 
 `` no , '' jeff said at once . 
 `` they say it 's supposed to bring bad luck , which is nonsense . 
 i believe that you make your own luck . '' 
 `` good for you , '' he said . 
 `` i thought maybe you might be a helpful spirit . '' 
 `` fuck off . '' 
 she had laughed , a merry little tinkle . 
 sugar-bombed him . 
 but he had seen through her . 
 forty years later , margaret was back again , on the steps of long shot , inc. , ignoring him . 
 did she remember ? 
 did she recognize him ? 
 had she even heard him speak ? 
 her eyes gave nothing away . 
 chapter 26 ron essing called janie into his office . 
 janie walked in and found her aunt margaret settled comfortably in the client chair , gypsy skirt trailing onto the floor . 
 the closeness of the room , the odor of sweat , did n't seem to bother aunt margaret . 
 essing greeted janie as though they did this all the time . 
 `` there she is ! 
 come , sit down and join us , janie ! '' 
 janie kept her back to the wall , felt her way to the second client chair and sat . 
 aunt margaret 's eyes roamed over janie like searchlights . 
 janie crossed her legs , and when that seemed inadequate , crossed her arms as well . 
 `` what are you doing here , aunt margaret ? '' 
 janie forced a smile to take the edge off the question . 
 `` i have n't been completely honest with you , darling . 
 i forgot to tell you on the phone the other day . 
 i 've bought into the business . 
 ron has had some financial setbacks -lrb- nothing we ca n't overcome -rrb- . 
 i agreed to come onboard until my investment pays off . '' 
 `` this business ? '' 
 aunt margaret 's eyes twinkled as though she knew what janie thought of it . 
 janie 's face tingled . 
 `` we want you to be more involved , '' said essing . 
 aunt m silenced him with an almost-innocent stare . 
 apparently , she would do the talking . 
 `` what can i do to make your situation easier , janie ? 
 i hear that you 're staying with pete while your car is repaired , but i 'm not sure that 's appropriate . 
 a young girl -- '' `` he 's just being nice . 
 it 's not like he 's -- he sleeps on the couch . '' 
 aunt m nodded noncommittally . 
 `` can i put you up in the casino ? 
 rent you a car ? '' 
 even though she knew she 'd regret it once she got back to that cramped trailer in the woods tonight and had to watch pete drink himself into a stupor , something made janie say no . 
 a little itch in her right temple . 
 or maybe she was just stubborn . 
 `` you 've done enough for me already . '' 
 aunt m. sighed . 
 `` when will your car be ready ? '' 
 `` i think it 's almost done . '' 
 actually , janie had no idea . 
 `` probably today . '' 
 `` i hope so . '' 
 janie clenched her jaw . 
 `` is that why you called me in ? 
 to reprimand me for sleeping with the enemy ? '' 
 essing leaned forward to speak and aunt m gave him the almost-innocent stare again . 
 `` no . 
 we brought you in here today , janie , because there is something you can do for us . '' 
 ah , thought janie . 
 so the other shoe drops . 
 `` since you were hired , you 've been working with the trends data , but i 'm not sure that anyone ever explained the importance of that . '' 
 janie 's cheeks burned , thinking of her slapdash data entry . 
 sometimes she accidentally skipped a couple of lines or her fingers got misaligned on the keyboard . 
 when she discovered her mistakes , she did n't always go back to correct them . 
 `` the data helps us to predict whether the cave 's power is growing or fading on any given day , and more importantly , the likelihood of a major cave event . '' 
 remembering roxy 's comment , janie said , `` you mean like a riot or people throwing garbage all over the place ? '' 
 ron essing glanced at margaret and then cut in , `` i would describe it more along the lines of a lightning storm . '' 
 `` what ron is trying to say is we ca n't be held responsible for the things people do during an event . 
 when cave energy is high , it brings us closer to the undifferentiated dimension , where anything is possible '' the searchlights were on again . 
 `` but i do n't -- '' `` it 's a matter of analyzing the data , '' ron cut in . 
 `` it 's a big responsibility , and we need you to use discretion . '' 
 janie thought of roxy again , saying , `` it 's confidential . '' 
 `` you mean do n't tell pete , '' janie said . 
 `` or anyone , really , '' ron added , ignoring janie 's sarcasm . 
 `` i really do n't think it 's smart to trust me with something so important . 
 i mean , i 'm not sure i even do my job right as it is . '' 
 `` you do fine , '' said aunt m , and winked . 
 the effect was kind of unsettling . 
 `` it 's just about whether you 're willing to help or not . '' 
 it was almost five by the time janie completed her conference with aunt m and essing . 
 she stopped briefly in her cubicle , collected her things and shut off her computer . 
 as she passed pete in the lobby , she said , `` meet you at the truck . '' 
 the explorer was unlocked , so she climbed in and stared out at the street while she replayed the conversation with aunt m and essing , trying to make sense of it . 
 somehow , she had gotten sucked into the center of this thing : this weird , creepy world . 
 they could n't control her mind , right ? 
 god , she hoped not . 
 janie wondered whether there was another job for her somewhere . 
 she 'd left a couple of messages for mr. wechter at wechter worldwide branding . 
 he had n't returned her calls . 
 a familiar shape caught janie 's eye , and her heart leapt . 
 across the street , george loitered by the casino door . 
 he seemed to be watching the long shot , inc. building . 
 was he looking for her ? 
 how did he know she worked there ? 
 what excuse did he give to leslie to drive up to long shot on a work day ? 
 janie hesitated . 
 could she forgive him for the pain he 'd caused her ? 
 the bubble of hope in her chest convinced her that it could n't hurt just to say hello . 
 funny , he did n't even seem to notice her as she approached and only at the last minute did he start backward , eyes wide . 
 she smiled kindly . 
 `` hello , george . '' 
 he scowled . 
 hissed , `` what are you doing ? '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` did you follow us ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 she stepped back . 
 this was n't how it was supposed to go . 
 he drew her down the street toward a vacant shop front . 
 `` right . 
 you just happened to be in long shot . '' 
 that confused janie . 
 `` why are you here , then ? '' 
 `` you can not be here , okay ? '' 
 he looked behind janie . 
 `` dammit ! '' 
 he shoved janie roughly into a doorway , stepped away . 
 `` i 'm sorry george , '' janie heard leslie 's familiar voice . 
 `` there was a line for the restroom . '' 
 janie shrank back farther into the doorway , rubbing her shoulder where she 'd slammed into the brick , and averted her eye as george and leslie kissed , enthusiastically , not fifteen feet away . 
 that night in pete 's trailer , pete and janie sat across from each other , eating chicken and baked beans . 
 lacey sprawled under the kitchen table , nose at pete 's feet , tail at janie 's . 
 pete drank old milwaukee out of a can . 
 janie drew in a breath and said , `` ron essing called me into his office . '' 
 `` what do you think of his new partner ? '' 
 `` she 's ... she 's a lot of things . 
 but she 's also my aunt . '' 
 `` the one with the anti-landscaping ? 
 what the eff do you want to stay with me for , then ? 
 here i thought you did n't have any choice . '' 
 `` i would n't want you to be lonely . '' 
 `` maybe i have a really busy social calendar and i had to cancel a shitload of effing dinner dates and cocktail parties so i could stay home with you . '' 
 `` maybe , '' she said , her face a diplomatic mask . 
 `` seriously , what 's going on ? 
 did they plant you in here to spy on me ? '' 
 `` yeah , i crashed my car on purpose just so i could get a look at your lair . '' 
 `` so ? 
 you do n't get along ? 
 what ? '' 
 `` it 's a long story . '' 
 `` then let me get another beer first . '' 
 he leaned across the tiny kitchen and opened the fridge . 
 `` can i have one ? '' 
 janie asked . 
 `` nope . '' 
 it was worth a try . 
 he tossed her a root beer , a little too hard , and janie just barely managed the catch . 
 pete took an old milwaukee for himself , then tipped back in his kitchen chair , watching her as he took a swallow . 
 she closed her eyes to avoid his gaze . 
 `` my mom left because of her . '' 
 pete scowled at his beer can . 
 `` what ? 
 your aunt smacked her around , dragged her out of the house ? '' 
 `` well , no , but , you know , she ... helped her , i guess . '' 
 `` what 'd he do ? '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` your dad . '' 
 `` nothing . '' 
 `` nothing to make your mom leave or nothing to stop her ? '' 
 `` i -- uh -- '' janie tried to think . 
 `` look , i do n't know what happened , but it sure as hell had nothing to do with your aunt . '' 
 `` you do n't know anything about it . '' 
 `` maybe i do . 
 because i 've been married and i 've been the asshole , excuse my language , that gets left . '' 
 `` you 're not my dad ! '' 
 dad was nothing like pete . 
 `` you 're right , '' he shrugged . 
 `` so stop parenting me . 
 i 'm eighteen years old , you know . '' 
 he muttered something under his breath . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` nothing . '' 
 they finished their drinks in silence . 
 janie collected the plates to do dishes . 
 pete dumped the empties in the garbage and took another beer for himself . 
 `` what are you going to tell your aunt about me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 janie thought for a minute . 
 `` maybe i 'll make some stuff up . '' 
 chapter 27 `` would you help me with something , andrea ? '' 
 it was the end of the day and margaret appeared in the doorway of andrea 's tidy office . 
 andrea 's first instinct was to turn her away , but before andrea could think of an excuse margaret glided right in and closed the door . 
 `` i have n't got a clue how to read this map . '' 
 she spread it out on andrea 's desk . 
 andrea reared back . 
 this woman was seriously invading her space . 
 `` you seem to run everything around here , so i decided you were the best person to ask . '' 
 against her will , andrea found herself drawn in . 
 she rolled her chair over and leaned to have a look . 
 margaret 's perfume touched her nostrils . 
 it was surprisingly light and feminine . 
 the map was one that andrea had never seen . 
 it showed the whole cave system , including passages beyond the walled-off section , and marked features with fanciful names : the sculpture garden , the rollercoaster , the corkscrew , the drool , the crypt . 
 `` where did you get this ? '' 
 `` a dear friend drew it , years ago . '' 
 andrea pored over it , lost herself in the story it told , while margaret watched patiently . 
 `` so what do you want to know ? '' 
 andrea asked at last . 
 `` you are so like your father , '' margaret smiled . 
 `` we 're nothing alike . '' 
 `` oh , but you are . 
 you have his ... steadfastness . 
 calm intelligence . 
 you 're the kind of person one can depend on . '' 
 `` he does n't seem to think so , '' mumbled andrea , and then caught herself . 
 she picked up a pen and pointed at the map . 
 `` the entrance is here , but now there are double vault doors , of course , not just one . 
 kind of an air lock . 
 this is a slot at the base of the wall that connects to the main tunnel system , which is off-limits . 
 this one labeled the crypt is below the level of the main tunnel . 
 bones have been found there . '' 
 she paused and her pen traced the passages beyond . 
 `` this section leads toward a deep shaft called the drool . 
 it 's walled off now . 
 i suspected it linked up like that . 
 but the passage is dangerous . 
 rock fall , that sort of thing . 
 and the drool is full of water . '' 
 `` so the wall is still intact ? '' 
 `` you 've been in the cavern ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 did n't your father tell you ? '' 
 andrea 's lips compressed into a thin line . 
 `` i guess he would n't . 
 he might not want to talk about it . '' 
 andrea twirled the pen between her fingers . 
 `` he 's happily married you know . '' 
 `` yes ! 
 you 're exactly like your father ! '' 
 she sat on the corner of the desk and managed to look comfortable . 
 `` will you get off my desk ? '' 
 margaret stood as though it were her own idea and paced over to the window to gaze out at grey sky and bleak hillsides . 
 tiny snowflakes melted on the sill . 
 `` so that 's the excuse he gave you ? 
 rock fall ? '' 
 `` what are you really here for ? '' 
 andrea asked . 
 `` why do n't you ask him what 's really behind the wall , '' said margaret . 
 as margaret strode out of the office , leaving andrea stunned and suspicious , she smiled grimly to herself . 
 yes , she 'd been in the cavern . 
 as a matter of fact , there was only one person in the world who knew the cavern better than her , and he was insane . 
 she did n't like to dwell on the period of her life when she had become acquainted with the cave , but it had molded her into the person she was today and had set the course for the rest of her life . 
 chapter 28 fourth of july , 1971 . 
 margaret had convinced her distracted parents that she was babysitting all weekend . 
 they did n't know she was dating a college boy . 
 they certainly did n't know she was going camping with him and his friends . 
 she and joe and ron and rich loaded up joe 's international with hot dogs , big jugs of gallo wine and blankets , planning to drive up to long shot , to build a bonfire , to sleep under the stars . 
 margaret had been to long shot before then , of course , with her parents , when she was younger . 
 her father had pointed out the abandoned long shot hotel , and had told stories of their ancestors , of greed and intrigue , of a cavern of wonders and a golden bear lost in the tunnels under the old hotel . 
 `` look ! '' 
 margaret exclaimed , as she rode through the remains of the town with joe , ron and rich . 
 `` that 's the long shot hotel ! '' 
 it was a derelict stone building with broken windows . 
 the door hung from its hinges . 
 nailed to the sagging door was a sign : `` for sale -- price reduced . '' 
 `` oh , it 's for sale ! '' 
 she exclaimed . 
 the boys whooped with laughter . 
 joe had to pull over so he would n't crash . 
 but margaret knew : long shot , colorado was a magical place . 
 it was just a matter of looking at it the right way . 
 when margaret asked joe to go back so she could get a better look , ron groaned and rich said , `` i 'd rather get a camping spot before the good ones are gone . '' 
 they 'd had a late start . 
 he was right . 
 joe , the diplomat , said , `` we can check it out some other time . '' 
 so they drove onto a rough spur road and parked by a fire ring filled with ash and burned trash , with the smell of pine and the chill of high altitude in the air . 
 there was a little creek that trickled through the grass and a view of a high peak through a gap in the trees . 
 they built a huge bonfire , sat on logs in their bell-bottom jeans , passing around the gallo wine jug and philosophizing . 
 they speared hot dogs on sticks and blistered them in the fire . 
 a raindrop splashed onto margaret 's head , then another . 
 they sizzled as they landed in the fire pit . 
 the friends laughed and covered their heads with a blanket . 
 drank more wine . 
 the tiny creek swelled and a huge puddle crept toward them , threatening to drown the fire . 
 `` i know , '' said margaret . 
 `` let 's go back to long shot and wait out the storm in the old hotel . '' 
 and it seemed like a fine idea to the rest of them . 
 laughing , they tossed their gear into the truck . 
 they sloshed down the road , which ran with water , to the hotel . 
 the young men dodged up the steps to the overhanging entryway but margaret took a moment to gather handfuls of glowing red firecracker penstemon from the clump of weeds by the front steps , to spin in the rain , letting it soak her face and run into her mouth , to squint up at the surrounding peaks . 
 the boys teased and chided her . 
 when she finally came inside , soaked and shivering , joe threw a blanket over her shoulders and drew her into a warm hug . 
 the four of them strolled through the echoing lobby , crunching on glass and garbage . 
 from the lobby , margaret and joe wandered back into a kitchen with marble counters and sinks like bathtubs and pantries with thick wooden doors . 
 high in the walls , small windows were darkened with grime . 
 through a door to the side , a debris-covered stairway led down to ground level . 
 at the back of the kitchen another stairway led to the basement . 
 joe hung back as margaret peered into the darkness , wishing she had a flashlight . 
 `` there 's nothing down there , '' said joe . 
 margaret tore her gaze away from it . 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 `` everything is down there . 
 i 'll bet that 's where the cave is . '' 
 joe was about to ask what she meant when they heard a commotion above . 
 they sprinted back to the lobby shouting , `` what 's wrong ? 
 ron ? 
 rich ? '' 
 `` hey , check this out ! '' 
 ron shouted down from the second floor , and they trooped up the wide marble staircase to the ballroom , where the light was better , coming through the windows . 
 there was upended furniture strewn around the room . 
 hanging from the ceiling was a cobwebbed crystal chandelier , and at the far end of the room , an ostentatious mirrored bar , barely touched by time . 
 above the bar a life-sized naked woman was painted onto the plaster . 
 the four of them stood speechless . 
 `` this is the grooviest thing i have ever seen , '' said ron . 
 but it was more than groovy . 
 it was miraculous , overwhelming . 
 a tear slipped down margaret 's face and she wiped it away , embarrassed . 
 she had been waiting all her life to come to this place . 
 yes , great-grandpa gundy 's golden bear , was there , somewhere , waiting for her , but it was more than that . 
 it was destiny . 
 `` can you feel it ? '' 
 margaret asked at last . 
 ron and rich looked away , but she knew they could feel it , too . 
 joe gazed into her eyes , and it seemed like in that moment they were two eagles , talons gripped together , falling from the sky . 
 `` we have to buy it , '' said margaret . 
 `` with what ? '' 
 said joe . 
 it was true , margaret had no money . 
 `` we could get a loan . '' 
 `` and then what would we do with it ? 
 it would take years to fix up . '' 
 the camaraderie , the laughter died out . 
 each was sunk in his own private world . 
 they built a fire in the grand fireplace , finished the jug of wine , opened another . 
 margaret jammed the penstemon into the empty jug and placed it in front of the dusty mirror in the center of the bar . 
 then she and joe found a room upstairs with unbroken windows where they could sleep alone . 
 margaret woke from a fitful sleep . 
 had she heard a noise ? 
 she tried to remember , but all she had were scraps of dream , and even they slipped away . 
 she patted around on top of the blanket , grasped joe 's wool plaid jacket draped there and shrugged her naked shoulders into it . 
 joe snoozed on the floor beside her , a pause between each puff of breath . 
 rain splattered on the window . 
 she could barely see the outlines of the broken furniture : the shredded mattress , the leaning chest of drawers . 
 out in the hall , the floor creaked . 
 had one of the guys gotten up for a pee ? 
 she stood slowly , dizzy from the dregs of sleep , from too much wine , and tiptoed across the dirty floorboards to the bedroom door , stuck her finger in the hole where the doorknob should have been . 
 the hinges groaned as she leaned out . 
 first , there was the odor . 
 sweet , yet repellant . 
 like cookies and urine . 
 then , there was the shadow which seemed to glide away from her down the dark hallway . 
 `` ron ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` rich ? '' 
 the shadow faded into the blackness . 
 a shiver ran through her . 
 she stepped back and jammed her feet into joe 's kletter boots , then clomped out to the hallway , loose laces trailing . 
 she felt , more than saw , the figure as it disappeared into the stairway , and she clattered after it , tripping on the shoelaces , feeling her way along the wall . 
 when she got the bottom of the flight and ran out into the ballroom , there were rich and ron , snoring softly , a manly distance between them in the huge room . 
 if it had n't been rich or ron , who had it been ? 
 a ghost ? 
 a dream ? 
 and how could the boys sleep so peacefully , with the rain blowing through the broken windows , with the icy cold of a mountain midnight , and with her clomping around hissing their names ? 
 she crept back up , snuggled into joe 's side for warmth and lay awake most of the rest of the night . 
 in the morning , the rain slowed to a drip and sunshine slowly marched on the valley . 
 when margaret heard ron and rich 's laughter downstairs , she slipped out from under joe 's arm and dressed . 
 when she appeared in the ballroom , rich offered her a twinkie and ron held out a fresh jug of wine . 
 she accepted the twinkie , downed it in three bites as she paced toward the bar . 
 something was different . 
 as she got closer , she realized the penstemon in the jug had been decapitated . 
 she paused and looked around , found the flower heads arranged in a tidy row at the top of the staircase down to the lobby . 
 `` have you guys been messing with my flowers ? '' 
 a fleck of yellow cake flew out of her mouth . 
 she wiped her chin with the heel of her hand . 
 rich waved casually in the direction of the stairs . 
 `` i thought you did that . '' 
 `` it was n't me , '' said ron . 
 what did it mean ? 
 was it a gift from her ghost ? 
 a warning ? 
 `` i saw a damned big rat this morning , '' said ron . 
 lost in thought , margaret did n't hear . 
 joe appeared , yawning , and swallowed a twinkie and a swig of wine , grimacing . 
 `` there she is ! '' 
 ron reached into the carton in his hand , drew out a twinkie and hurled it across the room . 
 margaret saw a gray blur disappear behind the bar . 
 `` she took my twinkie ! '' 
 ron whined . 
 `` actually , you kind of gave it to her , '' said joe . 
 they discussed what they would do that day . 
 `` let 's go four-wheeling ! '' 
 said joe . 
 `` i bet there 's all kinds of crazy mining roads around here . '' 
 he was always looking for a reason to drive that truck . 
 `` or we could check out the cave under the hotel , '' said margaret . 
 `` or we could do that ! '' 
 said joe . 
 margaret could see him trying to hide his disappointment . 
 she liked him all the better for it . 
 `` why do you think there 's a cave ? '' 
 rich asked . 
 ron lunged forward . 
 the rat had crept back into the center of the room . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 margaret cried . 
 the rat bolted back toward the bar , ron galloping behind it . 
 rich cheered him on . 
 joe doubled over laughing . 
 ron stopped and looked around wildly , grabbed the wine jug with its headless wildflowers off the bar , cocked his arm . 
 `` i 've got her cornered ! '' 
 joe stopped laughing , but he still smiled . 
 `` let her go , ron . '' 
 ron faked left , then hurled the jug . 
 margaret screamed . 
 rich and joe turned to see what was the matter . 
 ron took two steps , crouched down behind the bar . 
 bewildered , joe searched margaret 's face . 
 `` i got her . '' 
 ron 's voice was muffled , unsure . 
 margaret covered her face . 
 frankly , she did n't know why she 'd screamed . 
 it just had all felt like too much . 
 her heart had been full of something , and she had to release it . 
 ron squatted down , and as he stood , he stuffed something into his jeans pocket . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 margaret asked . 
 `` what ? '' 
 ron showed her his empty hand . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 `` was there something around the rat 's neck ? '' 
 joe asked . 
 `` i thought so , too , '' said ron , `` but it must 've just been the light . '' 
 chapter 29 the tuesday after fourth of july weekend , margaret called the number from the real estate sign and talked to a distracted man who did n't seem to remember the property at all . 
 he called her back later that day with the price : $ 9000 . 
 margaret had no idea whether it was fair , but she knew she would pay it , somehow . 
 joe cradled her in his arms on the futon on the floor of his room in the apartment he shared with ron and rich . 
 she played with the hair on his chest and told him the family legend of a long-ago ancestor who had been kidnaped , and of the wonders in the cave behind the long shot hotel . 
 he watched through his long eyelashes as she told him this impossible tale and hatched an even more impossible plot for the two of them to buy the building on credit , to find the treasure , to live happily ever after using their wealth to make the world a better place . 
 joe was not particularly interested in wealth , or in owning a saggy old building . 
 the one thing he wanted , more than anything in the world , was the exotic creature who lay in his arms , so perfectly soft , so unpredictable , so sexy . 
 for the past few years , he 'd coasted through life , taking the easy way , trying not to think of the vietnam war , of the future . 
 hoping to avoid the draft . 
 he took courses in religion and philosophy , lived with ron and rich , served tables at an italian restaurant . 
 at this rate , it would take him eight years to graduate from college . 
 and then what ? 
 open a philosophy shop ? 
 then this marvelous creature had fallen into his life , bringing joy and laughter and now this crazy dream of a spiritual center in the mountains , where people come from all over the world to work toward enlightenment . 
 oh , it was so much richer , fuller than anything he could imagine on his own . 
 but to do it they needed money . 
 and ron , with the gently used old mercedes and the prep school education and the mysteriously bulging wallet seemed a good place to start . 
 `` that old hotel up in long shot sure is something , is n't it ? '' 
 joe said to ron one night . 
 ron grunted . 
 he sprawled on their living room floor reading the prophet for about the thousandth time . 
 he should have had it memorized by now . 
 `` could you feel it ? '' 
 joe asked . 
 ron stopped reading , but he took his time looking up from the book . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 he said at last . 
 `` margaret and i want to buy it . 
 make it into a spiritual retreat . 
 we need a partner . '' 
 ron raised his eyebrows . 
 `` how much ? '' 
 `` the price is $ 9000 . 
 maybe we can bargain down to $ 8500 . 
 i do n't know . 
 i can sell my international . '' 
 selling his truck would be like selling his baby , but he would do it . 
 `` that would get us $ 1000 . '' 
 `` and margaret ? '' 
 `` she 's with me . '' 
 ron looked back to his book . 
 sighed . 
 `` she 's not a partner if she does n't invest . '' 
 `` she 's with me , '' joe repeated , steel in his voice . 
 it did n't bother ron so much that margaret would be a partner . 
 after all , ron knew it was all her idea . 
 what bothered ron was that her membership in the group came through joe . 
 ron thought of the bear-shaped gold nugget hidden in the bottom of his dirty clothes basket , wondered again about the strange way it had been delivered to him . 
 when he had killed the rat , had broken the thong around its neck and slipped the golden bear into his pocket , it had felt like the bear already belonged to him . 
 the bear 's shape , its heft had felt so familiar , as though his future self knew what was in store for him and was pulling him toward his destiny . 
 in light of that , then , joe 's invitation felt inevitable . 
 `` i 'm not putting all my savings in , '' ron said . 
 `` but you 'll do it ? '' 
 ron scratched at his scrawny beard . 
 `` i think we should ask rich , too . '' 
 instead of starting her freshman year at cu , margaret shocked her parents by moving to long shot with joe . 
 ron and rich followed when they lost their lease . 
 they camped in the bedrooms of the old hotel , burned wood in the fireplaces and trusted that the chimneys would draw . 
 it took weeks just to clean it , and then there was the stuff like replacing windows and patching walls , before the enormity of the project sank in . 
 but by this time they were in too deep . 
 and it was n't just that . 
 they were all in love with the long shot hotel , with the dream , with the sense of possibilities . 
 in love with the future . 
 going into debt , working their asses off , drifting away from family and friends , it was the best time of all of their lives . 
 they were their own tribe , and they thought that nothing could ever come between them . 
 the gundy family treasure was margaret and joe 's secret , but all of them felt drawn to the cavern behind the vault door . 
 margaret brought in a locksmith they could n't afford . 
 it took him two days to get the vault door open because the workings were rusted , and because he kept getting distracted . 
 margaret hovered over him , brought him coffee , gave him pep talks . 
 the more he slowed , the more animated she became . 
 she wrote the locksmith a check that would probably bounce , pushed him out to his pickup . 
 as he crawled onto the bench seat and curled up for a nap , margaret ran down to the basement and burst through the vault door , convinced that she would find a room of wonders , a heap of treasure , or at least a golden bear . 
 the cave was empty . 
 then she saw the slot at the base of the wall and she knew , she just knew , that something wonderful waited for her there . 
 she was right , in a way . 
 once she squirmed through , she found the rest of the cave system waiting for her . 
 each day , they worked on the renovation , although they seemed to accomplish less and less over time . 
 either the problems were insurmountable -lrb- tainted well water -rrb- or too distasteful -lrb- sewage in the walls -rrb- . 
 at night they wriggled through the slot at the base of the cave wall to explore what lay beyond it : a maze of tunnels and shafts , hidden passages , pools of black water that formed then disappeared . 
 every time they went into the depths of the mountain , they discovered something new . 
 chapter 30 margaret 's concerned parents sent her older brother , warren , to long shot to have a look around and size up margaret 's `` friends '' . 
 warren paced around , hands in his pockets , serious and stiff , a wrinkle between his eyebrows . 
 ron could tell he was appalled . 
 ron pointed out the original oak and walnut woodwork , the dusty chandelier , the cracked marble counters in the kitchen . 
 `` once we get it fixed up , it 'll be magnificent . '' 
 at the time , it was in transition . 
 in other words , it was a worse mess than when they bought it . 
 they had just cut into a wall upstairs to repair a pipe and discovered the wall was full of sewage . 
 there was plaster and petrified shit everywhere : down the hall , the stairs , and all the way out to the road where they 'd been dumping it in the ditch . 
 plus , they had n't been bathing much . 
 that would change once they got the plumbing up and running but they may have smelled like a bunch of dirty hippies . 
 out of ear shot of the others , warren turned to ron and said , `` do you really believe you 're going to find the family treasure ? '' 
 `` pardon me ? '' 
 `` that 's what it 's all about , is n't it ? 
 the treasure , the chamber of wonders . 
 great-grandpa gundy 's creative excuse for abandoning his family : kidnaped by the infamous madam charlotte ! 
 seriously , that 's the best he could come up with ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure -- '' `` i mean , i grew up hearing the same stories as margaret , and i never read into them anything like i should buy an abandoned hotel and search for a gold bear . '' 
 ron 's mouth dropped open . 
 he clamped it shut . 
 `` she was obsessed with it when she was a kid . 
 i did n't realize she was still -- and you seem like a reasonable kind of man . 
 i do n't understand how you got sucked in . '' 
 ron thought of the golden bear that he kept hidden , his own private secret . 
 he 'd thought of it as a sign , a key to his future . 
 he had always admired margaret -- admire ! 
 what a tame word ! 
 he ached for her . 
 and now he knew the way to her heart . 
 he imagined taking her to dinner somewhere classy , maybe that italian place where joe used to work . 
 `` what 's this all about ? '' 
 she would ask , as the host pushed in her chair . 
 ron would draw the golden bear from his breast pocket , place it into her cupped hands . 
 she would gasp with pleasure . 
 `` you knew all along , '' she would say . 
 and ron 's reply would be clever and detached , yet romantic . 
 something like -- `` i did n't mean to offend you , '' said warren , misreading ron 's silence . 
 ron snapped out of his fantasy . 
 `` no , not at all . 
 i 'm interested in hearing what you have to say . '' 
 `` it 's just that it does n't make any sense . '' 
 `` yes , yes , i know , '' said ron . 
 boy , did he know . 
 destiny was a mysterious thing . 
 it did n't make sense in any rational way , but to his heart it made all the sense in the world . 
 warren sized him up . 
 `` i 'm worried about her , '' he said . 
 `` my parents are going crazy . 
 did you realize she gave up a scholarship at cu to -- '' he swept his arm around the room . 
 `` play out this fantasy ? '' 
 `` i 'll watch out for her . 
 you have my word . '' 
 warren nodded doubtfully . 
 `` i hope so . '' 
 that night , ron upended his dirty clothes basket . 
 pawed through the torn levi 's , the crumpled flannel shirts , the tube socks , stiff with grime . 
 increasingly panicked , he ran his hand around the inside of the woven basket , threw clothes and books and bedcovers aside . 
 stood , fighting tears , in the middle of his room . 
 the golden bear was gone ! 
 too late , he 'd realized its significance , and he could n't even remember when he 'd last seen it . 
 chapter 31 winter came and went , then spring . 
 the crash of thunder signaled the arrival of summer . 
 every afternoon , there was a big production , pouring rain , lightening . 
 and then the sun stepped out from behind a cloud as though it had been waiting in the wings . 
 in september , at the end of their second summer in long shot , the aspen leaves put on a last , brave show , their yellow so bright it hurt margaret 's heart . 
 they rattled in the wind , then fell to the sodden ground . 
 the air was heavy with mold . 
 down in the caverns below the hotel , the temperature never changed . 
 hours and days melted away as the friends scrambled and cavorted , high on the wonder of it all , through hidden passages . 
 often , they got lost or circled around to the same spot without realizing it . 
 `` have n't we been here before ? '' 
 was their inside joke . 
 once , ron stepped into what he thought was a puddle and sank up to his neck . 
 the others mimicked his shocked expression , mocked him as he scrambled , quaking , to dry ground on the opposite side . 
 the worst part was , the pool filled the passage wall-to-wall and he had to splash back in and thrash back across to his friends as joe laughed and pretended to film `` the crossing '' , asking `` interview questions '' and thrusting an imaginary microphone toward ron . 
 after that , ron never went anywhere first , except back to the safety of the dilapidated old hotel . 
 the friends found the corkscrewing crevice that led from the ceiling of one chamber to the cavern 's upper entrance . 
 once there , they peered down into the deep shaft that filled with water when it rained . 
 they found human figures sculpted from clay . 
 they found a human skull in the second chamber from the vault door , and from then on they referred to that chamber as the crypt . 
 they had names for the other places , too : calamity corner , the corkscrew , the drool , the sculpture garden . 
 they found bones and broken tools and glimpses of heaven . 
 they lost hours , days , inhibitions . 
 ron hovered near the cave entrance , never comfortable with the place , worrying over the others like a mother hen . 
 margaret laughed at him . 
 what was wrong with being joyful , with staying up all night , margaret asked ? 
 it was n't right , he said . 
 after some of those wildest nights , ron brought her soup in bed , as though she were an invalid . 
 thanks to margaret 's brother , ron knew that she was looking for the golden bear . 
 he wondered sometimes whether he should tell her it was gone . 
 as winter blew into the valley , something like a holiday spirit overcame the four young people . 
 the future was a gift to be unwrapped there . 
 on christmas day , they were down in the cave again , and it felt extra special this time . 
 like christmas morning when you 're five years old , and you just know that santa brought you the pony . 
 that it will be tied up by the fireplace , munching on santa 's leftover cookies and pooping on the carpet . 
 `` ah ! '' 
 came rich 's muffled cry . 
 he had squirmed into a side passage . 
 joe poked his head in . 
 `` what ? '' 
 when rich did n't reply , joe leaned back out into the main tunnel , grabbed margaret around the waist and nipped her earlobe . 
 she sagged into his arms . 
 `` he found his dick , '' joe whispered in her ear . 
 she leaned into him , laughing , although she could n't have explained exactly what was so funny . 
 `` get a room , '' said ron , from behind them . 
 they ignored him . 
 he was always saying things like that . 
 he was just jealous . 
 margaret 's kerosene lantern kept flaring . 
 margaret squatted to fiddle with it . 
 ron nudged her aside and shouted into the crevice , `` what are you doing , rich ? '' 
 `` he 's probably stuck , '' said margaret . 
 `` and too embarrassed to say so . '' 
 `` i do n't even know how he got in there , '' said joe . 
 joe and margaret had explored that passage together . 
 it was tight , even for joe , and joe was considerably smaller than the other men . 
 small enough to control , margaret thought , secretly . 
 `` i 'll go get him out , '' said joe . 
 margaret laughed out loud . 
 she could hear the pride in his voice . 
 boys loved to play hero . 
 margaret could tell ron had reached his limit . 
 he took deep breaths and let them out with a whoosh . 
 soon , he 'd bolt back to the old hotel and when they returned , they 'd find him pacing and fretting , chain smoking and nursing a fifth of wild turkey . 
 she laughed at ron 's receding back in the light from her lamp . 
 boys were so funny ! 
 margaret knew in her bones that there was nothing to fear . 
 she breathed deeply of the sweet air that exuded from the crevice . 
 her head swirled deliciously . 
 her lamp flared once again , this time making a mini-explosion . 
 poof ! 
 she gazed at the broken wick , at the flame fighting its way out . 
 why would it do that ? 
 then she realized that the lamp was trying to tell her something important . 
 it told her that joe and rich had found her chamber of wonders and her golden bear , the treasure that had waited for her for a hundred years . 
 euphoric , she pursued joe and rich , leaving the lamp behind . 
 shuffling and squeezing around a bend , she stumbled into a wonderland of wedding cake and whipped cream , lace and chiffon . 
 joe jabbered at her in a language she could not understand , but she could feel his excitement . 
 rich spoke as well , in that same foreign language , and the beam of his flashlight made rainbows in her eyes . 
 margaret swam through time to search for her treasure . 
 she could see nothing and everything . 
 she was tiny as a mosquito , big as the whole world . 
 sparkling and spinning , it was glorious . 
 it was beyond glorious . 
 it was everything . 
 up in the ballroom of the old long shot hotel , ron sucked his last menthol down to the filter , glanced at the whiskey bottle , then reluctantly turned away . 
 the sun had slipped away hours before . 
 now wind rattled the windows . 
 occasionally , one of the tattered red velvet curtains fluttered . 
 damn them . 
 he hated when they did this . 
 once , again , he had to be the responsible one , to haul them , raving incoherently , out of the cavern , babysit the rest of the night . 
 usually , joe and rich came back on their own , eventually . 
 margaret was the worst , trying to jump out of windows , unzipping ron 's fly . 
 torturing him . 
 as he stepped through the vault door into the cavern , he felt the difference right away . 
 the energy of the cavern was stronger . 
 he scrubbed at his scalp . 
 a tremor ran through his body . 
 something stalked him in the shadows . 
 well , he knew that was n't true , but it felt that way . 
 he wanted to flee like never before . 
 ron stooped to pick up the rusted head of a rock pick , its handle lost a century before . 
 in his hand it was cold and heavy , and it comforted him a little . 
 he sighed and forced himself forward , focusing on his breath . 
 at the side passage , more like a wide crack in the wall , where ron had last seen his friends , ron paused . 
 margaret 's lantern sat on the ground , empty and cold . 
 ron preferred to use a head lamp , or sometimes a flashlight , but he spent more money on batteries than on food . 
 ron knew only what he 'd been told of this crevice for two reasons : first , it scared him , for reasons he could n't explain . 
 second , he was six foot two , two hundred pounds , and felt claustrophobic enough in the main tunnel . 
 ron leaned into the crack , held his breath and listened . 
 what he heard was muffled , but he was almost certain that it was margaret , sobbing . 
 `` margaret ? 
 are you okay ? '' 
 the echo of his own voice in the tunnel behind him had him spinning around , the rusty pick raised to strike . 
 of course , nothing was there . 
 he called again , but the sobbing noise continued . 
 god , he did n't want to do this . 
 he wedged himself into the crevice , called again . 
 no answer . 
 and now he was stuck . 
 by his crotch , no less . 
 he squirmed , fought and grunted until the crevice spat him back into the tunnel , then he leaned in with the pick and took out his rage on the protrusion . 
 it fractured and clattered onto his foot . 
 it was n't the pain that propelled him forward or the desire to rescue his friends , but months of accumulated frustration . 
 who knew that frustration builds underground ? 
 like plants smothered by mud , with time and pressure , turn to coal , which burns so hot . 
 and he found himself hammering his way forward like a piston . 
 blood greased his motion . 
 he hardly knew what he did . 
 the sound , when he reached it , was not sobbing . 
 it was laughter . 
 in a room like a palace , margaret stooped , hands on her knees , giggling hysterically . 
 at her feet , joe and rich wrestled among pillars of white stone . 
 joe pinned rich for a moment , gnawing at rich 's wrist with his teeth . 
 rich 's clenched fist sprang open , and out rolled the golden bear . 
 margaret and joe both dove for it . 
 rich grabbed joe and dragged him back , sat on him to pin him , snatched up the golden bear and kneed joe in the groin . 
 margaret darted forward with a dagger of stone and brought it down on rich . 
 a red gash blossomed on his head . 
 as ron watched , rage and confusion flooded his chest . 
 how had ron 's golden bear gotten there ? 
 had rich -- his best friend -- stolen it : stolen ron 's future , ron 's destiny , the way to margaret 's heart ? 
 he elbowed past margaret , flung himself at rich and wrenched the bear from him . 
 he kicked and spit and bit and hit rich with the rusty pick that he still gripped in his bloody hand . 
 when rich stopped struggling , ron gave him one last vicious kick . 
 he took margaret by her beautiful hair and dragged her behind him out to the main passage . 
 no matter how roughly he handled her , no matter how her head smacked the stone ceiling , no matter how the jagged rock tore at her flesh , she seemed not to even see him . 
 she only wanted joe . 
 she wailed joe 's name and strained backward . 
 ron dumped her on the wooden boards outside the vault door and locked her out of the cave . 
 then , while his fire still burned hot , he returned for joe , whose eyes were black , who seemed light as air , pliant as a reed . 
 and he never did regain his substance . 
 rich was all wrong when ron reached him . 
 misshapen , slick as a newborn . 
 his head was a broken jug . 
 ron left him in the tunnel , next to the empty kerosene lamp . 
 left him , barely breathing , in the dirt . 
 left him for dead . 
 come morning , ron would realize what he had done , but not yet . 
 ron 's fire was spent . 
 his hand throbbed . 
 he wanted to curl up and sleep , the floor looked so comfortable . 
 but he forced himself to stagger out of the cavern , heave the vault door shut , pocket the key , and crawl past margaret and joe up the stairs to his whiskey bottle . 
 he stashed the golden bear under his pillow . 
 nothing would ever be the same . 
 the following afternoon , ron awoke when his mattress sagged to the side . 
 margaret sat next to him . 
 her face , normally so alive , was blank as the moon . 
 `` what happened to rich ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he could not say the words . 
 as he lay there , paralyzed , he studied a swollen cut on margaret 's cheek bone , noticed the way she refused to meet his eye . 
 she knew . 
 then he realized she was asking another kind of question . 
 `` i , uh -- '' ron twisted onto his side and vomited over the edge of the bed , splattering her bare feet . 
 she watched impassively . 
 when he was done , he wiped his mouth on the blanket . '' 
 -- left his -- him , in the tunnel . '' 
 her head sank so that he could see the knob at the back of her neck . 
 `` he did n't understand . 
 he did n't know what he was doing . '' 
 `` who ? 
 rich ? '' 
 she seemed to nod . 
 `` none of us did . '' 
 then ron heard the shouting . 
 they found joe crying and pounding on the vault door . 
 he must go back , he said . 
 margaret shooed ron away . 
 she soothed joe with lullabies , twinkies and sips of bourbon , then they barricaded him in a kitchen pantry , with its foot-thick wooden door . 
 together , ron and margaret dragged rich 's body from the cavern and laid him out in the ballroom . 
 they never discussed why , they just knew that it must be done . 
 as ron drove his old mercedes to the nearest phone , he kept glancing at his blood-caked knuckles on the steering wheel . 
 yes , they said . 
 this is real . 
 this has happened . 
 the sheriff met ron outside the long shot hotel and followed ron inside . 
 he glanced at the body , scolded ron and margaret for removing it from the scene of the accident . 
 he seemed anxious to leave . 
 maybe it was the muffled banging , joe flinging himself around in the locked pantry downstairs . 
 `` step on outside with me , kids '' he said . 
 `` we 've got to wait for the ambulance . '' 
 kids . 
 if they had been kids yesterday , they were n't any more . 
 he asked a few questions , dutifully recorded the answers . 
 their story was plausible enough : rock fall in an abandoned mine . 
 the coroner arrived , glanced uneasily at the long shot hotel . 
 he did n't look like a doctor to ron . 
 he wore stained coveralls and smelled like a barroom floor . 
 the coroner and the sheriff conversed privately . 
 an hour later , medics loaded up the body and took it away . 
 it was all too easy , maybe because of the holidays . 
 maybe everybody just wanted to go home . 
 and then , compounding the futility of it all , the golden bear vanished again almost immediately . 
 the night before , ron had pulled it quickly , guiltily from his pocket and thrust it under his pillow . 
 when ron returned after the paramedics took rich 's body away , his room was a shambles and the bear was gone . 
 who could have taken it but margaret ? 
 he watched her watching him . 
 he searched the room she had shared with joe while she bathed at the kitchen sink . 
 nothing . 
 after rich 's funeral , joe 's parents took joe home with them , just for a rest . 
 when margaret visited , joe looked straight through her and his eyes followed something only he could see . 
 he shouted that he had to go back to the cave . 
 he sobbed . 
 his mother sent margaret away . 
 a week became a month . 
 ron and margaret haunted the hotel , trapped in their routine , unable to decide about the future . 
 she asked no questions . 
 he gave no answers . 
 they pretended it had been an accident . 
 lying awake on the futon that she and joe had shared , margaret tried to sort out what really happened from what could have happened . 
 had she seen the golden bear ? 
 had she touched it ? 
 many images came to mind , but they were things she had imagined , and not true memories , perhaps . 
 one image she could not erase from her mind was of her , margaret , raising a dagger of white rock over rich 's head . 
 was it true ? 
 and if so , why had she done it ? 
 to protect joe ? 
 or had it been more selfish than that ? 
 even with this doubt -lrb- this guilt -rrb- , her craving for the treasure -lrb- yes , craving -rrb- consumed her . 
 ron locked up the cavern and hid the key . 
 he knew that margaret had searched his bedroom for it . 
 and when she fished in his pockets oh-so-flirtatiously , he knew , sadly , what she was really looking for . 
 after a month , she asked him outright for the key . 
 she said she wanted to return to the cavern , to see the place where it had happened . 
 then maybe it would be clear . 
 ron was drilling holes in the floor joists and pulling a wire through , or trying to . 
 he gave the wire a last vicious yank , then straddled the top of his stepladder , glowering at margaret . 
 `` what good could that possibly do ? '' 
 he barked . 
 margaret blinked . 
 he had never lost his temper with her before . 
 `` you know , i 'm sick of your giggling and flirting and your obsession with the goddamned cave . 
 why not do something useful ? 
 hand me a tool once in a while , or -- i know ! 
 cook a meal , for god 's sake ! '' 
 margaret 's breath caught in her throat . 
 she clenched her fists and looked away until the threat of tears diminished . 
 she had been right not to tell him about her treasure . 
 he did n't deserve to know . 
 `` i thought we were friends , '' she whispered . 
 `` i thought that you might ... like me . '' 
 ron froze . 
 oh , it was what he wanted . 
 but was she playing him again ? 
 what happened when joe got better ? 
 could he take a chance ? 
 would n't it be worth it if it were true ? 
 ron swung his leg around and backed down the ladder . 
 stooping , he peered into her face . 
 she was so close that he could gather her into his arms , but ron was n't one for romantic gestures . 
 what if she pushed him away ? 
 he reached out a hand , let it drop . 
 she stood rigid , glaring at him . 
 then he turned on his heel and left . 
 a minute later , he returned , took margaret 's hand and dropped the skeleton key into her palm . 
 it was a promise , a contract . 
 did she understand that ? 
 `` thanks , '' was all she said . 
 he waited up for her . 
 it was hard to tell what bothered him more . 
 was it the fear that something might happen to her in the cave ? 
 or was it the fear that she had played him once again , that now she had the key , she 'd have no more use for him ? 
 the old hotel groaned above him , a giant settling down for the night . 
 this night was different , though . 
 for one thing , he was sober . 
 he had his cigarettes , and he held the pack like a life ring . 
 joe and rich were gone . 
 it was easier to imagine margaret in the cave with them , as though their presence might buffer her from its energy , might even save her from herself . 
 sure , he had been jealous of the three of them down there together , but ron was her rescuer , the knight in shining armor who came to get her when it all fell apart , even if half the time she did n't know it , she was so spaced out . 
 now rich was gone forever , and joe might never be the same . 
 joe 's parents and margaret talked optimistically about his recovery . 
 they thought that his mind had wandered off somewhere , lost , like a puppy . 
 ron suspected that it had run away and did n't want to return . 
 ron gave her until three a.m. . 
 he forced himself to wait in the dim basement hallway until the second hand on his watch swooped all the way around the dial . 
 then he adjusted his head lamp and stepped into the cavern . 
 the cavern seemed to grasp at him , even from the hallway . 
 he moved swiftly , hoping to stay ahead of his fears . 
 the narrow crevice was every bit as tight as on christmas , but his body remembered how to negotiate it , where to duck , where to lean . 
 margaret was curled up in an alcove about where he expected , feverish and distraught . 
 `` it 's not here , '' she moaned . 
 `` how could it not be here ? '' 
 ron hauled her out . 
 again . 
 she cried . 
 whatever her problem was , it could wait . 
 all night and through the next day , he hovered over her futon while she slept . 
 in her dreams , she whimpered and mumbled . 
 finally , mid-afternoon , she opened her eyes and with a mischievous smile , said , `` where 's my soup ? '' 
 like a spoiled child . 
 ron smiled and went to warm some soup for her . 
 but as he watched her slurp her chicken noodle , sitting up in bed , he realized something : she kept him around to wait on her . 
 he waited and waited , but the thing he waited for , it would never come . 
 `` do you see me at all ? '' 
 he blurted . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 `` nothing . 
 never mind . '' 
 ron squeezed his eyes shut . 
 if he pretended he had n't said it , maybe she would n't answer . 
 she set her empty bowl on the floor and looked him over , as though for the first time . 
 `` the chamber of wonders , the chamber where ... the accident happened , '' she said . 
 did he even want to hear this , he wondered ? 
 `` how could it just disappear ? 
 how could it be there just that one time ? '' 
 `` you think it disappeared ? '' 
 `` come on , ron . 
 you were there . '' 
 he racked his brain , trying to remember . 
 maybe it had been different the second time . 
 he had n't paid attention . 
 he had been concentrating on not freaking out . 
 and as he looked back , it was hazy , like a story from long ago . 
 there had been the tunnel , and his rage , and then the most unlikely looking place . 
 a palace of white pillars . 
 marble sculptures rising from the floor . 
 but that was impossible . 
 `` you probably took a wrong turn . 
 i 'm sure it 's still there . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 ron flushed . 
 `` joe and i explored that whole passage , lots of times . 
 the chamber was not there . 
 and then it was . 
 and now it 's gone ! '' 
 `` so ... that 's good , then , right ? 
 we can forget what happened and move on . '' 
 `` we have to go back . '' 
 her eyes glistened . 
 `` i do n't think that 's a good idea . '' 
 `` we have to . '' 
 `` funny how there 's only a ` we ' when it suits you . '' 
 `` how can you say that ? '' 
 `` this is my property now . 
 joe is gone , and it 's time for you to leave . '' 
 the color drained from her face . 
 neither of them moved . 
 ron could n't believe he 'd actually said it , but when he thought about it , he realized it was the only way . 
 the real question was , would she go ? 
 it was easier than he could ever have imagined . 
 she rose silently , gathered her clothes , her stained teapot , her half-dead hanging fern , left the vault key on the window sill . 
 he helped her carry down the futon and tie it to the roof of the mercedes . 
 on the way to boulder , to her parents ' house , she seemed lost in thought . 
 he told himself it was good that she was gone . 
 but even so , without her , the old hotel felt so much colder . 
 that night , he drank half a fifth of wild turkey , sitting on the floor in margaret and joe 's empty room , and he ruminated about the impossible chamber of wonders , about how everything had fallen apart on christmas . 
 in the silent pause just before daylight , he came to the conclusion that the palace of white where ron had beaten rich and left him for dead was not a place . 
 what he 'd found there had nothing to do with a room of pillars or his friends or the golden bear . 
 what he 'd found there was the worst part of himself , the worst of all of them . 
 and that part that must be renounced . 
 he drove to boulder and bought concrete at the hardware store , collected a pile of large stones , and in one exhausting , hallucinating forty-eight-hour push , he built a wall , a thick rock wall , sealing off the passage to margaret 's chamber of wonders . 
 then he slept for two days . 
 winter dragged on . 
 ron 's brain fogged . 
 he lost track of tools , and even how far he 'd progressed on a project . 
 food seemed to vanish from the kitchen . 
 furniture tripped him when he did n't pay attention . 
 he heard strange noises like voices , like footsteps . 
 he poured the last of his wild turkey into a snowdrift under the window , but nothing really changed . 
 in fact , sober , things were freakier . 
 he moved all of his possessions into the tiny room behind the bar , arranged his food on the windowsill and in a styrofoam cooler . 
 a spring storm snowed him in . 
 he hunkered by the fireplace , burning broken furniture , rotten floorboards , sawdust and debris from the renovation . 
 the mercedes huddled under a drift of snow . 
 only the aerial peeked out . 
 on a night with a full moon , ron jerked awake with a snort . 
 his room smelled both sweet and foul , and the orange glow of the smoldering fire backlit a figure beside the bed . 
 ron squeezed his eyes shut . 
 when he opened them , the figure remained . 
 moonlight gleamed off the cooler lid . 
 a full minute passed , then two . 
 ron 's heart hammered away . 
 at last , the shadow shifted . 
 `` sorry to wake you , '' it croaked . 
 ron let out his breath . 
 `` that 's okay , '' he said , as long as they were being polite . 
 `` it 's just that i was hungry . '' 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 `` i 'll leave you alone . 
 you never have to see me again . '' 
 ron sat up and fumbled for the flashlight on the floor . 
 in its sudden glare , he blinked , blinded . 
 the figure threw up its arms and stumbled toward the door . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 it slipped away . 
 ron heard footsteps on the stairs and the slam of a door . 
 upstairs . 
 he closed his own door , pushed the dresser up against it , perched on the bed with his blanket draped over his rigid shoulders and stared at the flashlight beam , smoking cigarettes until daylight , when he could almost think it had been a dream . 
 well , almost . 
 although it could n't penetrate to the bottom of the canyon , the sun appeared high above . 
 rivulets of water ran down the hillsides . 
 the snow turned to slush . 
 the mercedes came out of hiding . 
 crunch , crunch , crunch . 
 a teenaged boy postholed up the middle of the snowy road , all angles and acne . 
 ron was startled , then curious . 
 from the front portico , ron waved . 
 the young man studied the scene warily , then veered toward him , sinking knee-deep on each step . 
 he stopped short of the sandstone steps . 
 `` are you jeff davis ? '' 
 the boy asked . 
 ron shook his head . 
 `` are n't you cold ? '' 
 the boy looked down at his soaked jeans and sneakers . 
 `` come on in , '' said ron , grateful for the company . 
 an ally , perhaps , against that shadowy apparition in the night . 
 `` i 've got a fire . '' 
 `` i 'm looking for my dad . 
 he 's supposed to live here . '' 
 `` nooo , '' said ron . 
 `` just me . 
 and a ghost . '' 
 the young man drew back at ron 's honking laugh . 
 ron realized he 'd been spending too much time alone . 
 `` actually , i do n't know what he is . 
 i just discovered him last night . '' 
 that did n't sound as reasonable as ron had expected . 
 the boy looked left and right . 
 `` that 's cool , then . 
 maybe i 'll just look around a little . '' 
 he trudged fifty yards up the road , then something made him turn and gaze at the upper levels of the old long shot hotel . 
 he stood frozen for several seconds , then ron heard the scrape of a window opening . 
 a voice croaked , `` petey ? '' 
 `` dad ? '' 
 ron fumbled the cigarettes out of his breast pocket and lit one like his life depended on it . 
 the boy retraced his own tracks back to the building , stood waiting at the bottom of the steps , then he grinned , a big , boyish , lopsided grin . 
 `` dad ? '' 
 ron shrank back , bumped into something and there behind him was -- him . 
 not ron , no , but he was wearing ron 's missing clothes . 
 his long hair was damp and slicked back and he smelled of ron 's shampoo . 
 smile like a rictus in his translucent face , he stood there like nothing weird was going on , like he belonged there . 
 like he owned the place and ron was the ghost . 
 `` you 're a whole person now , '' said this well-groomed apparition . 
 the boy nodded , a little sheepish , a little confused . 
 `` they call me pete now . 
 i 'm thirteen . '' 
 `` i remember . 
 today , right ? '' 
 `` tuesday . '' 
 `` how 's your mom ? '' 
 `` she 's -- dad , can i live with you ? 
 she 's driving me effing crazy . '' 
 ron turned , astonished , to see what the apparition would say . 
 `` what does your mom think ? '' 
 he asked at last . 
 `` she -- well , she can get kind of worked up . 
 she said , ah , it was the stupidest idea she 'd ever heard . '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 ron shouted . 
 `` he does n't even live here ! 
 he does n't even exist ! 
 and he 's wearing my clothes ! '' 
 `` ron , take a deep breath . 
 you 're confused again . '' 
 `` i am not -- '' `` pete , why do n't we go upstairs and talk in private . '' 
 he led the boy up to ron 's room behind the bar and shut the door in ron 's face . 
 ron had no way of guessing that forty years later , his life would still be tangled up with jeff and pete . 
 chapter 32 instead of banging on the door and demanding that they get out of his room -lrb- it could easily have gone that way -rrb- , ron rummaged in rich 's old tool box for a heavy carpenter 's hammer and a long screwdriver . 
 up the narrow staircase he crept . 
 his footsteps creaked in the third floor hallway . 
 some day he 'd get the damned lights working . 
 he felt his way down to the doorway at the end , a stout oak door that had remained locked all this time . 
 a linen closet , he 'd thought . 
 nothing important . 
 but now he realized he 'd been wrong . 
 linen closets did n't have doors like that . 
 months before , ron had tried his hand with one of margaret 's bobby pins , had peered through the keyhole at darkness , had put his cheek to the floor and strained to see under the door . 
 this time , he wedged the screwdriver between the door and the frame and hammered until the casing splintered . 
 pried it away . 
 he glanced behind him , expecting any moment for the apparition-man to appear there . 
 if so , he 'd put the hammer through his head . 
 ron hammered some more , knocked off the doorknob for good measure , jabbed the screwdriver into the lock , flung his body against the door . 
 it swung open , taking ron with it , and spilled him onto the floor . 
 it smelled of scalp and urine and the stifling sweetness of the cave . 
 then , he sensed movement in the darkness . 
 he scrambled to his feet , hammer raised , slipped out the open door , tried to fling it shut behind him . 
 it bounced open again . 
 something the size of a cat scuttled out . 
 why was this happening ? 
 why had his life become a nightmare ? 
 `` back off ! 
 scat ! '' 
 his voice rose by an octave . 
 `` get away from them ! '' 
 ron 's teeth clacked together as a body slammed into him , knocked him to the floor , tore the hammer from his grip . 
 squeak , squeak , squeak . 
 he wished he could see . 
 `` dad , what 's going on ? '' 
 `` pete , go away ! '' 
 ron heard a clatter . 
 a shaft of light laid itself down the hallway . 
 the shadowy man knelt on top of ron , hammer raised , haloed in dust . 
 two musty pack rats , whose eyes and teeth glinted in the half-light , sniffed at ron 's cheeks . 
 their whiskers tickled . 
 by the window , velvet curtain heaped in his arms , pete said , `` dad ? '' 
 `` he wants to kill luster 's babies ! '' 
 `` dad . '' 
 `` please , please let me up , '' ron babbled between shallow breaths . 
 `` they 're going to eat me . '' 
 the man was heavy on his chest . 
 `` you touch them , i 'll hammer your eyes into your skull ! '' 
 `` i wo n't hurt them . 
 i did n't know . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 the other man shifted . 
 ron winced and drew in a half-breath . 
 then the weight left his chest . 
 the other man was cooing , `` come to daddy , darlings . 
 good girls . '' 
 he cradled one in each arm and backed toward the darkened doorway . 
 `` get out of here . 
 both of you . '' 
 ron scrambled up , fled toward the stairs and shooed pete down to the main entrance , where they both hovered , uncertain . 
 the light had bled out of the day and the wind kicked up . 
 the building creaked and groaned . 
 pete shifted from foot to foot . 
 `` i guess i should -- '' he turned the knob and the door blew open . 
 ron leapt to shove it closed . 
 `` where are you headed ? '' 
 the boy lifted a bony shoulder . 
 `` do you have a ride ? '' 
 the boy snorted . 
 `` if you help me dig my car out in the morning , i 'll drive you home . '' 
 `` i ca n't pay you , '' said pete . 
 `` you can come back sometime , work it off . '' 
 ron did n't really expect the boy to return . 
 the boy glanced toward the door . 
 `` i swear i 'm not as crazy as it looks . '' 
 `` what about him ? '' 
 pete nodded toward the stairs . 
 `` i have no idea , '' said ron . 
 ron built up the fire in the ballroom , gave the boy some dry clothes and blankets to sleep in . 
 pete lay awake for a long time , watchful and nervous , but the day had taken its toll . 
 he fell asleep dreaming that he was awake . 
 in the blackest , most silent part of the night , pete awoke with a start . 
 his father kneeled next to him . 
 `` your mom 's done a good job with you . '' 
 jeff gripped pete 's shoulder , sighed and started to speak . 
 sighed again . 
 `` i need you to do something for me . '' 
 pete tried to read his shadowed face . 
 `` i want you to go away from here and never come back , '' jeff said . 
 `` never ? '' 
 `` maybe when you 're older . 
 but for now ... you have to trust me . '' 
 `` i want to sleep now , '' said pete , turned his back to his father and held back his tears until jeff 's footsteps finally creaked away . 
 `` we have to talk , '' said ron to the empty hallway the next day . 
 he had returned pete to his grateful mother , a tense little woman with too many questions and no time for answers . 
 `` jeff ? '' 
 it felt wrong that ron 's apparition should have a name . 
 especially such an ordinary one . 
 but he did have a name . 
 and a son , even . 
 ron rapped his knuckle gently against the splintered door jamb . 
 the door creaked slightly ajar . 
 `` i 'm coming in , '' he said , and gave the door a nudge . 
 gloomy light leaked into the room from the hall . 
 as ron 's eyes adjusted , a ragged heap in the corner came into view . 
 `` jeff ? '' 
 ron fumbled a cigarette lighter from his breast pocket and examined the room in its flickering light . 
 he had been correct after all . 
 it was some sort of closet . 
 and in the corner , a heap of rags , twigs , watery glints of shit : a pack rat midden . 
 ron shuddered . 
 the lighter scorched his thumb . 
 he flinched and the flame went out . 
 ten minutes later , he came back with a flashlight . 
 from the midden he plucked a cross pen he 'd thought long lost , an earring , a fork coated in urine . 
 he tossed the fork back . 
 for days , ron wandered the hotel , searching for more hidden rooms , looking for signs of jeff davis and his rats , doubting his own sanity , wondering , yet again , whether he 'd made a huge mistake . 
 he 'd sunk most of his trust fund into the place . 
 and for what ? 
 it was nowhere near finished . 
 there were still boarded up windows and leaks in the roof , and no electricity . 
 but he was in too deep to quit . 
 repeatedly , he found himself standing in the sour-smelling rat room , pacing around with his flashlight , looking over the rat nest , the one wooden chair , the shredded horsehair mattress , hoping they 'd tell him some story , that it would all suddenly make sense . 
 where had jeff gone ? 
 it had snowed again and there were no footprints leading into the woods or down the road . 
 ron had stocked up on supplies in boulder on the day he drove pete home , so he knew that part had really happened . 
 here was the fresh pack of newports in his pocket . 
 proof . 
 he peeled away the cellophane and poked one between his lips , disgusted with himself . 
 leaning against the wall , he held the cigarette out , watched it glow , let the aroma of tobacco and menthol spread through the stinking room . 
 he pushed off the wall to pace some more , and startled when the wood paneling seemed to give way behind him . 
 great , he thought , more structural issues , as if he did n't have enough problems . 
 but when he stepped back , the wall stood as it always had , mocking him . 
 when had he last eaten ? 
 he needed to start taking care of himself . 
 he prodded the paneling , here and there . 
 and just when he decided it was sound after all , it gave way with a groan . 
 `` aaaw , craaap , '' it seemed to say . 
 a section of the wall swung inward like a door , and behind it a stone staircase barely as wide as ron 's shoulders spiraled downward into the mountainside . 
 ron tossed his cigarette on the floorboards , scuffed it with his toe , flicked on his flashlight and ducked in . 
 at the bottom , a rough tunnel dead-ended at a short flight of steps and a trap-door in the ceiling . 
 a rusted lever and spring contraption on the wall invited ron to pull , and the trap door squeaked open . 
 a puff of dirt poured down . 
 rubbing his eyes , he scrambled upward and out . 
 he recognized the room immediately . 
 it was the cave chamber they called the crypt , where margaret had found a human skull . 
 `` are you one of them or one of us ? '' 
 croaked a voice from the other side of the crypt . 
 ron jumped . 
 his flashlight beam bounced around until it found jeff , crumpled on the floor . 
 two sets of eyes glowed from nearby . 
 jeff was even more diminished than before . 
 and ron was n't a good judge of pack rats , but they did seem less frisky . 
 the man croaked and mumbled , huddled on a rumpled blanket in a sea of twinkie wrappers and empty fresca cans . 
 so that 's what had happened to ron 's groceries . 
 `` one of us ? '' 
 ron guessed , preparing for a hasty retreat . 
 `` you can come back , you know . 
 i wo n't hurt , ah , luster 's babies . '' 
 `` you killed luster , '' said jeff . 
 ron racked his brain . 
 `` the rat ? '' 
 `` you 're a murderer . '' 
 `` yes . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 luster was your pet ? '' 
 `` pet ? '' 
 jeff huffed . 
 `` pet ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' ron murmured . 
 something clunked and ron spun around . 
 the trapdoor had completely vanished . 
 if he had n't just come through it himself , he would n't know it existed . 
 panic threatened as he played his flashlight over the rubble of the cave floor . 
 the vault door was locked from the outside , and the key was back in ron 's room , wedged in a crack under the window sill . 
 please let him not be locked in here with this ... ghost ! 
 ron scuffed the ground with his toe until he kicked a softball-sized rock that did n't budge . 
 squatting down , he heaved on it and the trapdoor hinged open again . 
 he fled back up the hidden staircase . 
 ron drove down to boulder and loaded up with twinkies and fresca and handfuls of batteries , then consulted with the teenaged clerk in the pet store about the care and feeding of rats . 
 he bought four ten-pound bags of rat pellets . 
 she recommended something called a `` habitat '' , shaped like a choo-choo train with an exercise wheel and plastic tubes to scurry through . 
 it was , he explained , too small for these rats . 
 he hauled a paper sack of stuff down the secret passage , sprang the door open , plopped a six-pack of fresca and a twinkie by the open trapdoor , then strewed a trail of twinkies and rat pellets through the tunnel , up the stairs and into the room with the rat 's nest . 
 he propped open the hidden door and waited . 
 the rats showed up almost immediately . 
 two days later , jeff followed . 
 `` you stole my golden bear , did n't you ? '' 
 ron said to him later that week , when he surprised jeff rummaging through his cooler . 
 `` your bear ? 
 it 's not your bear ! '' 
 jeff scoffed . 
 jeff was acting normal , which put ron even more on edge , for some reason . 
 `` look , this is my property , '' ron said , `` and i do n't want you haunting the place . '' 
 `` but i was here first . '' 
 `` i can set you up someplace else . 
 there are other abandoned buildings in town . 
 why does it have to be this one ? '' 
 `` you know why . '' 
 the two men locked eyes . 
 finally , ron could n't stand it any more . 
 `` you want me to call the cops ? '' 
 jeff snickered , jerked his head up and to the side like he 'd been shocked . 
 ron drew back . 
 `` i know what happened that day , '' said jeff . 
 ron 's heart hiccupped . 
 `` which day ? '' 
 he breathed , needing , but not wanting to know . 
 the other man actually smiled , a gap-toothed smile , like they shared a secret . 
 of course , there was only one day that mattered : christmas , just a few months before . 
 `` i was there , '' said jeff . 
 ron 's mind ran in circles . 
 it was impossible , was n't it ? 
 but then , lately it seemed that almost anything could happen . 
 `` i could have bashed your head in , the way you did to luster and to your friend . '' 
 `` why did n't you , then ? '' 
 jeff seemed at a loss . 
 `` i want you to apologize . '' 
 `` you think an apology will help ? '' 
 jeff shrugged . 
 ron leapt for rich 's old tool box , threw it open , brandished the carpenter 's hammer he 'd used to break down jeff 's door . 
 he shoved the hammer in jeff 's face . 
 jeff cringed . 
 `` take it ! '' 
 ron shook the hammer at jeff . 
 jeff hesitated , then curled his fingers around the handle . 
 ron dropped to his knees in front of jeff . 
 `` do it , goddammit ! '' 
 ron craned up at him . 
 `` what are you waiting for ? 
 just fucking kill me and get it over with . 
 you 'd be doing me a fucking favor ! '' 
 ron waited , and waited . 
 `` that 's why , '' said jeff , at last . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` that 's why i wo n't do it . '' 
 chapter 33 sometimes , when jeff spoke to other people -lrb- which was n't often -rrb- , he did n't speak the truth . 
 it was n't exactly lying . 
 it was more like the truth was too complicated to be boxed in by words . 
 so when jeff had refused to kill ron because he wanted ron to suffer , that was true , in a way , for a time . 
 and then time unspooled , and jeff watched ron and realized that ron had punished himself enough . 
 and luster the pack rat was as one with the world now . 
 maybe she was in a better place . 
 so there was no sense in holding a grudge about that . 
 plus , ron had built a wall to block off the strange heart of the cave , the place margaret had called the chamber of wonders . 
 at first , jeff had been outraged . 
 but eventually he realized that the wall protected them both . 
 after all , jeff had found himself there once and been swept away , and when he came back to himself he was so hungry and so thirsty that he could barely stand , and he felt like he had seen all of creation and the history of the world in one very long and complicated technicolor movie . 
 since then , he 'd spent days and months trying to return . 
 searching , searching for this thing he did not want to find , like a salmon swimming upstream to die . 
 once you went down the throat of the mountain , you could never be the same . 
 so , one morning months after the girl had left and ron stopped badgering jeff to leave , jeff added his own deterrent . 
 not a wall , but a sign . 
 he painted the ghosts that escaped through the gap around the vault door . 
 ghosts that moved with the convolutions of the rock and the sweep of a flashlight 's beam . 
 they were a warning for the benefit of those who could not see what jeff saw . 
 he finished his painting just before dawn and left the paint cans by ron 's door as a hint . 
 then he hid and watched . 
 when ron stumbled , bleary-eyed , out of his room behind the bar , he nearly knocked over the paint cans . 
 jeff slipped deeper into the shadows as ron scanned the ballroom . 
 when jeff peeked again , ron had gone to investigate . 
 good . 
 jeff strolled into ron 's room looking for something clean to wear , and for some reason the bathrobe hanging from a nail on the back of the door called to him . 
 it was a manly brown color , practical because it would n't show the dirt . 
 it was also an appealing combination of cuddly and dashing . 
 he stripped off his paint-splattered sweater and left it lying on the bed . 
 slipping the robe over his shoulders , he backed up to admire himself in the tiny square of mirror above the dresser . 
 pretty good . 
 he stood taller . 
 the robe lent him a kind of authority he had n't felt with the baggy old sweater . 
 while jeff was rummaging in ron 's top drawer for clean underwear , ron careened into the room , wild-eyed and panting . 
 he skidded to a stop and looked jeff over . 
 jeff stuffed a pair of wadded-up underwear into the robe 's roomy pocket . 
 ron seemed at a loss for words . 
 `` i like your wall , '' said jeff , and waited . 
 `` i like your painting , '' ron said at last . 
 `` it captures the spirit of the place . '' 
 that was the beginning of jeff and ron 's uneasy truce , which evolved into a business partnership , and if not a friendship , a cautious kind of respect . 
 ron never did get his robe back . 
 chapter 34 forty years later , in november of 2013 , ron and margaret stepped off the elevator on the fifth floor of long shot , inc. and were greeted by crystal the receptionist , pink message slips in hand . 
 margaret snatched hers from crystal 's thin fingers as she steamed past . 
 ron took his , darting crystal a quizzical look . 
 she was n't usually so eager for them to get their messages . 
 ron glanced down and scanned the note , then looked up to see margaret , frozen in mid-step . 
 all color had drained from her face . 
 her trembling lips clamped together . 
 crystal said , `` i thought maybe you 'd want to know right away , if joe was a good friend of yours . '' 
 joe , whose mind had run away on that horrible christmas day , so long ago , was dead . 
 `` margaret , i 'm so sorry , '' said ron . 
 `` i 'm not sorry , '' margaret blurted . 
 `` i 'm ... '' she let out a shaky breath . 
 ron could see the pain under the careful mask . 
 the set of her mouth . 
 the tightness at the corners of her eyes . 
 and it stabbed him in the heart . 
 it was still joe . 
 it had always been joe . 
 `` maybe , '' ron said as gently as he could , `` he 'll be free now . '' 
 maybe margaret could finally let him go , he thought . 
 chapter 35 andrea leaned on the corner of ron 's desk a couple of days later . 
 `` what is up with her ? '' 
 she fumed . 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` your new vice president . 
 she makes me homicidal . '' 
 `` oh , her , '' ron chuckled . 
 `` she 's something , is n't she ? '' 
 andrea 's nostrils compressed . 
 `` oh , christ , mom was right . '' 
 `` what does your mother have to do with this ? '' 
 `` you 're making a fool of yourself over margaret gundy . '' 
 `` it 's not like that , andrea . 
 we 're old friends . 
 she understands the business . 
 bringing her in was a smart business move , that 's all . '' 
 andrea rolled her eyes , rounded on him again . 
 `` margaret seems to think there 's something you 're not telling me about the cave . '' 
 `` you already know all you need to know , '' he said . 
 `` about what ? 
 about the ethylene ? '' 
 `` mm-hmm . '' 
 he avoided her eye . 
 andrea studied him . 
 `` so if it 's not that , what is it ? 
 radon ? 
 a dragon ? '' 
 she snorted . 
 he blew out a breath between his teeth , acknowledged her joke with a half-hearted smile . 
 `` it 's like you trust everyone but me , dad . 
 you 've got roxy working with the oracle , and now janie -- '' janie stuck her head through the door and knocked . 
 `` oops . 
 sorry . 
 it 's just that i have a question about exactly what some of these terms mean on the spreadsheet . 
 like , what 's this c2h4 ? '' 
 andrea rolled her eyes . 
 ron stood and waved janie in , smiled indulgently at andrea . 
 `` we 'll talk about this later . '' 
 face stony , andrea brushed past janie and flicked the door closed . 
 janie spent the week trying to wrap her mind around the trends statistics . 
 she revised all of her errors and pestered ron with questions . 
 she worked up a series of color-coded graphs . 
 gradually , patterns emerged , but janie did n't trust her own work , so she put her pretty graphs in a drawer and started over . 
 with winter coming , cold air swirled over her cubicle wall . 
 she took to wearing a ski hat at the office . 
 word had gotten out that she was the new vp 's niece . 
 even jeff , the erstwhile oracle , called her `` sparky junior '' one day as she passed him on the portico . 
 `` do n't call me that , '' she snapped . 
 `` what 's your auntie 's plan for you , junior ? '' 
 he shouted after her . 
 ron had explained to her what the column headings stood for . 
 c2h4 , for example , was ethylene . 
 according to wikipedia , ethylene was both explosive and psychoactive , which explained some things . 
 by the second week of november , janie started to worry . 
 the ethylene levels were rising and seismic activity , well , it was hard to tell , but it seemed to be on the upswing . 
 and it was n't just the data that made her worry . 
 that little itch in her temple was back . 
 did she believe all that gobbledygook about experiencing the undifferentiated world and seeing through the illusion of time ? 
 not really . 
 after all , ron and aunt m were freaks . 
 but something was happening . 
 janie could feel it . 
 `` ron 's at the holiday craft fair in lakewood , '' said crystal when janie arrived at the fifth floor with her charts and spreadsheets . 
 `` he and his wife nancy make candles , '' she added helpfully . 
 `` they 're very artistic . '' 
 `` what about my aunt , mrs. gundy ? '' 
 crystal 's eyebrows drew together and she tipped her head in sympathy . 
 `` i thought she was around earlier but nobody seems to know -- '' janie nibbled on her lip . 
 `` andrea ? '' 
 crystal shook her head . 
 `` i do n't think you want to talk to her right now . '' 
 on the steps of long shot , inc. the next morning , jeff wore long underwear under his bathrobe . 
 he leaned toward janie and hissed , `` you 're in over your head and you 're going to wreck it for all of us . '' 
 janie stopped dead and stared at him . 
 that was exactly her greatest fear . 
 then roxy caught janie 's arm and dragged her into the building . 
 `` ignore him . 
 by the way , your car is fixed . 
 charlie finished a couple of days ago , actually . 
 i just forgot . '' 
 all morning , the building seemed to buzz . 
 janie dialed crystal 's extension . 
 no one answered . 
 she left a message reminding crystal that she needed to talk to ron . 
 then , she waited . 
 now that she had decided to tell ron her results , she could think of nothing else . 
 she stared , unseeing , at her computer monitor . 
 eventually , she dozed on the keyboard . 
 from deep in the bowels of the building , janie heard a muffled yell . 
 later , a door slammed on the floor above her and the ceiling creaked with running footsteps . 
 she heaved herself out of her desk chair and peeked into the ballroom . 
 all was quiet . 
 then she took herself over to the window , from where she could see the parking lot and a swath of main street . 
 it all looked as usual . 
 the elevator slid open on her floor and footsteps approached . 
 janie did n't even try to pretend she was working . 
 she turned from the window just as pete reached her doorway . 
 `` let 's go , '' he said . 
 janie drifted toward him , lightheaded . 
 `` it 's five o'clock already ? '' 
 she asked , as she veered back to her cubicle for her jacket and purse . 
 `` no . '' 
 he was beside her immediately , yanking her jacket and purse out of the file cabinet . 
 janie tagged along , wondering in an abstract way why they were leaving . 
 the elevator glided up instead of down , squeaked open on ron essing 's floor , where crystal welcomed them with a beatific smile . 
 pete punched the button and the doors juttered closed in her face . 
 pete mumbled , `` should have taken the damned stairs . '' 
 they stopped again on the third floor , where andrea forced her way on , white-faced , followed by roxy , who bounced and giggled with excitement . 
 `` it 's like a thunderstorm ! '' 
 roxy said . 
 `` shut up , '' said andrea . 
 janie did n't think to ask what roxy had meant until after pete shoved her out of the elevator in the lobby , propelled her out the door and down the worn sandstone steps . 
 they got into the explorer . 
 pete pulled carefully out of the lot . 
 a mile down the road , he stopped at a gravel pull-out and slumped over the wheel . 
 `` what just happened ? '' 
 janie asked . 
 pete groaned and sat up . 
 he lolled back in his seat , eyes closed . 
 `` a surge . 
 cave energy . '' 
 `` i should have known . '' 
 `` that 's the thing , '' he said . 
 `` you never do really know at the time . 
 it 's only afterward . '' 
 `` how did you know , then ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i 've been doing this for a long time . '' 
 `` should n't we call the police or the fire department or something ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` but it seems like -- '' `` we just do n't do that . '' 
 after a while , he sat forward and pulled out onto the county highway . 
 a horn blared and a shiny sedan swerved around them . 
 `` fuck ! 
 i mean , effing hell ! 
 sorry . '' 
 `` i was supposed to know , '' she said in a small voice . 
 `` it 's my job . '' 
 he glanced over at her as he drove . 
 if he was surprised , he did n't show it . 
 `` you just save your energy for the big one . '' 
 the next morning , a notice taped to the door announced that long shot , inc. was closed due to `` unforeseen circumstances '' . 
 broken windows marred the crumbling facade , and file folders and papers were strewn across the front steps . 
 guilt . 
 shame . 
 worry . 
 and a little voice in her head trying to silence them all with platitudes . 
 janie wondered if everyone was okay . 
 should she call aunt m to check on her ? 
 to apologize ? 
 pete and janie crossed to the casino , where a group of employees had gathered around the bar for the irish coffee special . 
 conversation paused when pete and janie approached , but pete did n't seem to notice . 
 at the fringe of the group , a man turned . 
 `` are you happy ? '' 
 he said . 
 the rest of them averted their eyes . 
 `` now that we 're all out of work ? '' 
 face red , pete turned and strode out . 
 janie lingered , searching for a clever retort . 
 settled for : `` i think it 's actually closed because of the energy surge yesterday , not because of pete 's complaint . '' 
 then she trotted after pete . 
 `` why do n't you just effing butt out ? '' 
 he snapped . 
 `` fine . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 he sped up . 
 she was losing ground . 
 `` pete , wait up ! 
 where are we going ? '' 
 he whirled around . 
 `` there 's no ` we ' ! 
 i 'm not your effing father . 
 did n't you say your car is fixed ? 
 why are you still following me around ? '' 
 janie reeled . 
 so it was back to this again ? 
 after all they 'd been through , janie had thought they understood each other . 
 apparently , she 'd been fooling herself . 
 she was just a pain in his ass . 
 pete marched off . 
 alone on the sidewalk , janie wondered : had everyone in the casino bar seen them argue ? 
 should she wait for pete to calm down , walk off his snit and circle around to the explorer ? 
 or should she just grow up ? 
 she clamped down hard on the stupid ache in her chest , turned and trudged up the hill toward roxy 's place . 
 slumped on the front steps of the victorian house roxy shared with two roommates , roxy 's boyfriend charlie raised his head and just managed to twitch his lips in greeting . 
 that little twitch was enough to make janie swoon . 
 `` i hear you fixed my baby , '' she said . 
 his head bobbed , but he stayed put . 
 janie glanced over at the taurus , parked in the gravel driveway in front of charlie 's rusty tercel . 
 the fender was wrinkled like used tinfoil and the front bumper was gone , but she had n't expected miracles . 
 tired from her walk and unsure what else to do , janie plopped down on the opposite end of the stoop . 
 `` i guess i owe you some money . '' 
 he scowled . 
 she really should have stayed in bed that morning . 
 `` is roxy here ? '' 
 `` she 's sleeping , finally . 
 i put xanax in her juice plus shake . 
 do n't look at me like that . 
 you do n't know what it was like . '' 
 `` that was n't a look . 
 i was just looking at you . '' 
 he picked at his toenail . 
 `` what happened with the two of you in the cavern ? '' 
 `` she did n't tell you ? '' 
 `` she said it was a beautiful spiritual experience . 
 she said she saw how all of creation was tied together and she was changed forever . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 `` i take it there 's more to it . '' 
 `` she , ah , took her clothes off and she was dancing and crying . 
 she passed out in , like , a puddle . '' 
 `` shit . '' 
 he rubbed his stubbly jaw . 
 `` i should have known better . '' 
 `` i would never go back . 
 ever . '' 
 `` i should n't have showed her how to get in . 
 what was i thinking ? 
 i guess i thought maybe she could handle it . 
 she 's so ... '' `` confident . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 they both stared at their feet . 
 `` the funny thing is , i never told roxy about when jay and i found it , because the minute i climbed in , i started freaking out . 
 i was , like , drowning in air , and i -- we were like , screw this , and we just turned and ran . 
 and we agreed not to talk about it afterward . '' 
 charlie focused on his feet . 
 `` but then , a few months later , after you guys went out for margaritas , she starts going on and on about it , and i tried to , you know , talk her out of it . 
 but she called me a pussy . 
 so here we are . '' 
 the storm door flew open and roxy barged between them wearing nothing but an oversized t-shirt . 
 barefoot , wild-eyed . 
 hair like medusa . 
 her usual bubbly energy was transformed into something feverish , edgy . 
 `` oh , good , you 're here , '' she said , and snuggled up to janie on the step . 
 charlie winced at the sky . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i must have fallen asleep , '' roxy said . 
 `` where 's everybody else ? '' 
 she grabbed janie 's hand so she could n't pull away , then turned to direct the question at charlie . 
 `` i 'm sure they 'll be here soon , '' he soothed . 
 `` did you explain to janie ? '' 
 `` maybe you should do that , roxy . '' 
 roxy turned back to janie . 
 `` he does n't really understand , but you were there with me , were n't you ? '' 
 she jiggled janie 's hand so janie would meet her eye . 
 `` or maybe that was the other time ? '' 
 janie nodded politely , although she really wanted to rip her hand out of roxy 's grip and run . 
 `` they ca n't keep us out ! 
 the time for diplomacy has ended ! '' 
 `` i 'm not sure where you 're going with this , but okay . '' 
 janie glanced toward charlie for help . 
 `` here 's the thing . '' 
 roxy rocked forward . 
 `` we have to seize the cave ! '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` everybody ! '' 
 `` of course , '' charlie cut in . 
 `` janie knows that . 
 that 's why she 's here to help us . 
 why do n't you go put on some pants ? '' 
 `` you wo n't leave without me ? '' 
 `` i promise , '' he said . 
 janie nodded vigorously . 
 `` because i have to lead , '' roxy warned , as she leapt up . 
 `` holy crap , '' janie murmured as the storm door slammed . 
 `` she 's been hyper since she got the new job . 
 but then last night the doorbell rings . 
 i look out the window and see this blond woman roar off in a subaru . 
 i go down there and roxy is sprawled across the doormat with her skirt hiked up , sort of humping the sky . '' 
 janie really did n't want to hear about stuff like that and she did n't know why he would tell her . 
 `` you should get her out of long shot , '' she said . 
 then , `` i 've got a check for you , but do n't deposit it until thursday . '' 
 charlie moved his tercel and janie drove away before she had to deal with roxy again . 
 the engine sounded like it was in pain , but it did n't quit on her as she drove back to pete 's place . 
 he was still out . 
 she heaped her stuff into the back seat and put lacey up front . 
 she thought about leaving a note , but really , what would she say ? 
 surely she 'd get it wrong , so she took one last look under the bed for dirty underwear and headed down the canyon to home . 
 she attacked the yard with her dad 's old mower , picked up the worst of the dog turds . 
 she left the door ajar to air out the house and squirted scrubbing bubbles into the toilet . 
 the next day was rainy . 
 she found a sodden dvd player in her neighbor 's garbage . 
 it seemed to work fine . 
 a check arrived : dad 's life insurance . 
 enough to buffer her against disaster . 
 would it be sensible to give up the job at long shot , inc. ? 
 she certainly did n't want to go back . 
 assuming they reopened , that is . 
 pete called , left a message : `` i guess you must be back home now and maybe you do n't want to talk to me ... if you ever need advice or anything , just remember to do the opposite of what i would do ! 
 ha ! 
 ah ... i quit drinking . 
 so far . 
 you do n't have to call back . 
 well , you ca n't , because i 'm calling from a pay phone . '' 
 she loved her home , but it seemed so empty without someone else in it . 
 lacey paced between the front and back doors , looking for dad , or pete , perhaps . 
 had she abandoned pete ? 
 roxy ? 
 or had they abandoned her ? 
 the days were cooler , the wind had an arctic bite . 
 winter was coming . 
 her phone rang again the next day . 
 janie answered , thinking maybe it was pete again . 
 `` i 'm glad you 've settled back into your home , '' said aunt m. `` it must be a relief . '' 
 wet snowflakes splattered on the window pane . 
 lacey sulked in the shadows by the front door . 
 she 'd given up hoping for a walk . 
 was it relief ? 
 was this what relief felt like ? 
 janie wondered . 
 she had the bathroom to herself and it did n't smell . 
 she had her childhood home , her own bed . 
 she had all the time in the world to do what she wanted , and her money worries were solved for awhile , yet it felt like a step backward . 
 aunt m was saying , `` i 'd like to have a chat with you this afternoon in ron 's office . '' 
 janie 's forehead broke out in a sweat . 
 was it the deliberately casual word , `` chat '' , which probably meant interrogation ? 
 was aunt m angry that she 'd failed to predict the surge ? 
 janie wanted to beg for forgiveness . 
 she wanted to throw things at her . 
 chapter 36 andrea was as predictable as her father , and just as easy to manage . 
 she 'd asked her father about the walled-off passage . 
 he 'd balked , increasing her curiosity . 
 then , two days ago , to margaret 's delight , andrea had lugged several oversized mcguckin 's bags up to her office . 
 the outline of the bosch hammer drill carton was clearly visible through the plastic . 
 margaret had been keeping an eye on andrea 's progress , and figured that any minute the wall should topple . 
 margaret fancied she could smell it happening , the same way you could smell when cookies finished baking . 
 she sent for janie , to give her final instructions . 
 margaret would have to get rid of ron for an hour so he would n't cramp her style . 
 he was always watching her . 
 it was just like when they were young , only this time he 'd made her sign a contract promising not to enter the cavern without his explicit permission . 
 he was so naive . 
 she called gary , her artist admirer , and cancelled their date for later in the week . 
 it was the courteous thing to do . 
 he sensed something was wrong , and she wasted precious time evading his questions . 
 joe 's death had changed everything . 
 yes , there was still the golden bear , but not for her . 
 margaret had no need for treasure any more . 
 janie would find it some day . 
 and janie would have , as well , margaret 's online metaphysical superstore , her house and stocks , but most importantly the old long shot hotel and the cave . 
 an empire that would justify the suffering of margaret 's great-grandfather , the searching , the years of waiting , the work . 
 margaret almost wanted to live to see it . 
 the chamber of wonders was opening again . 
 all of the indicators pointed that way . 
 joe was dead , his soul no longer trapped . 
 margaret would join him , and they would leap into the great beyond together . 
 chapter 37 crystal perched on a boulder in the lotus position , picking dead grass off her alpaca sweater . 
 `` when you said we were going into the cave , i thought you meant through the basement , the way you go every day . '' 
 roxy lay on the ground , arms draped through the bars . 
 she felt around , craning her neck to avoid the sharp metal flower that had sprung from the grate . 
 `` i know the combo to the inner door . 
 ron 's the only one who has the key to the outer vault door , though . 
 andrea does n't even have one . '' 
 `` are you sure this grate opens ? '' 
 asked crystal . 
 `` because it seems like he 'd keep it secure , right ? '' 
 `` it opened when i was here before . 
 but this thing is new . '' 
 she shoved the metal flower . 
 it snapped back and almost took out her eye . 
 chapter 38 a uniformed guard janie did n't recognize unlocked the lobby door and escorted her through the silent building to ron essing 's office . 
 a web of duct tape outlined the cracks in the office window and adhered a hunk of cardboard to the upper right hand corner . 
 it fluttered in the wind . 
 this time , aunt m commanded the leather executive chair . 
 essing huddled in a client chair in a blue wool overcoat . 
 `` i 'm sorry i let you down , '' said janie , as she sat and bent to set her purse on the floor . 
 `` but you have to remember that you originally hired me to do marketing , not -- '' whatever it was . 
 surge prediction ? 
 `` furthermore -- '' that word gave her confidence . 
 it sounded so organized . 
 `` furthermore , i tried to contact you both to warn you that a surge was coming , but nobody was around . 
 crystal will back me up on that . '' 
 janie snugged down her ski hat and crossed her arms . 
 `` do n't worry about it , sweetheart , '' said aunt m. `` we forgive you . '' 
 essing forced a distracted smile . 
 they all sat in silence for an uncomfortable couple of beats . 
 a gust through the window started a pen rolling on the desk top . 
 aunt m trapped it with her hand . 
 `` what about the osha inspection ? 
 did they shut you down ? '' 
 aunt m was annoyingly calm . 
 `` the inspection results came back and we did receive a citation -- '' `` i knew -- '' `` yes , a citation . 
 we need to update the elevator and we 've had to unlock the emergency exit between the kitchen and the basement , but the air samples tested clean . '' 
 `` we reopen on monday , '' ron added . 
 janie was speechless . 
 who had they bribed ? 
 aunt m looked her straight in the eye , and janie could n't read anything there , but she felt like aunt m was paging through her brain . 
 essing kept glancing from janie to margaret . 
 `` ron , go take a walk around . 
 i want to speak to my niece privately . '' 
 he cast her an incredulous look . 
 `` do n't pout , sweetie . '' 
 after he left , aunt m inspected janie for a moment before coming out from behind the desk to close the office door . 
 she dragged essing 's chair closer to janie and sat knee-to-knee with her . 
 janie 's sense of dread increased . 
 `` you may have noticed that pete is no longer a member of our team . '' 
 `` you ca n't fire someone for filing a safety complaint , aunt m. i looked it up . '' 
 `` we do n't use the term ` fired ' around here . 
 we say that it was time for him to explore other opportunities . 
 after he abandoned his post during the surge the other day , it became clear that his commitment to our mission had waned . '' 
 `` i abandoned my post , too , and i 'm glad . 
 what the hell happened to roxy ? 
 she 's -- '' `` that will pass , '' said aunt m. janie hugged herself . 
 `` whatever you want from me , aunt m , i 'm not sure i want to do it . '' 
 `` you 've got it wrong , janie . 
 it 's not what you 're going to do for me . 
 it 's what i 'm doing for you . '' 
 that silenced janie . 
 sure , it sounded good , but ... `` ron 's financial issues are worse than he realized . '' 
 -lrb- did aunt m sound gleeful ? -rrb- 
 `` as of yesterday , i 'm no longer just the vice president . 
 i 've taken control of the business . 
 of course , he 'll stay on as an advisor . 
 he 'll be paid generously , and he prefers it that way . 
 this is something i 've worked toward for a long time . '' 
 janie nodded , tried to imagine where this was headed . 
 aunt m swept her arms wide . 
 `` the long shot hotel is in your blood , janie . 
 you were always meant to come here . '' 
 janie snickered , then recovered . 
 aunt m gave her a stern look . 
 `` very soon , i am going to leave my physical body . 
 you are going to inherit the cave and the building from me . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 why did people always mistake janie 's horror for enthusiasm ? 
 `` i want you to be prepared . 
 you know how much i care about you , right ? 
 i know you 're capable of much more than you 've given so far . 
 in fact , there is a reason your life has led you to just this point . 
 it 's the same reason you are n't living up to your potential : you were meant for greatness , not the mundane . '' 
 `` that would be a really good excuse if it were n't so wacky . '' 
 `` wacky ? '' 
 `` well , i think you 're a bit -- i mean , aunt m , you believe in extra-terrestrials . '' 
 aunt m placed a mottled hand on janie 's knee , hypnotized her with her eyes and said , `` no . 
 this is not wacky . 
 this is revolutionary . 
 only a mediocre mind could confuse the two . 
 you will bring the infinite web of possibility to the masses . 
 you 've heard of the oracle of delphi ? 
 that will be nothing compared to here . '' 
 `` i 'm having a hard time picturing -- '' `` i 'm proud of you , janie . 
 you did a pretty decent job of predicting the surge . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 janie was momentarily speechless . 
 `` but i could n't do anything about it ! 
 if you and ron had been around , maybe -- '' aunt m continued , `` i want you to keep working on it . 
 keep going to ron with your questions . 
 there 's a lot he can teach you . '' 
 `` but i got it right , did n't i ? '' 
 `` you were close , '' said aunt m. janie raked her temple with her fingernails . 
 it was so itchy she wanted to tear her skin off . 
 aunt m smiled and held her eye . 
 uh-oh . 
 `` actually , '' said aunt m. `` the big surge will be today . '' 
 a gust of wind sucked the air out of janie 's lungs . 
 as aunt m trapped janie with her eyes , the phone on the desk rang . 
 aunt m gave it a look that should have silenced it . 
 the ringing paused , then started again . 
 pushing back her chair , she rose and reached over the desk for it . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 the warmth in her voice was at odds with the rest of her . 
 `` ron is out of his office at the moment , dan , but bring them up . 
 i 'll talk to them . '' 
 aunt margaret set down the receiver and turned her full attention back to janie . 
 `` before i go today , i want to bring you down to the cavern and acquaint you with the source of the cave 's power . '' 
 `` aunt m , if there 's going to be a big surge , should n't we stay out of there ? 
 i mean , is n't ethylene explosive or whatever ? '' 
 `` i wo n't let anything happen to you . '' 
 `` i still do n't want to go . '' 
 `` it 's not a matter of wanting . 
 just let me take care of roxy and crystal , whatever their issue is , and we 'll get underway . '' 
 `` i 'm serious , aunt m. i 'm really not interested . '' 
 `` poo . 
 do n't give me that . '' 
 the new guard , dan , escorted roxy and crystal into the office , then stood to the side , smiling politely , like it was a cocktail party . 
 he wore an official looking tan outfit with a gun holster . 
 embroidered patches on his sleeves announced that he was `` security '' . 
 `` hello , crystal . '' 
 aunt margaret used that friendly voice that did n't fool anyone . 
 `` and roxy , right ? '' 
 roxy strode past janie and aunt margaret to the big walnut desk . 
 leaned on it . 
 `` we want to speak to ron . '' 
 a yellow leaf dangled from her hair . 
 `` if that 's okay , '' crystal added . 
 `` whatever you would have discussed with mr. essing you may discuss with me , as i now own the company . 
 janie , stay where you are . 
 you should hear this as well . '' 
 janie sank guiltily back into her seat . 
 `` ron is gone ? '' 
 crystal sounded concerned . 
 `` no . 
 he 'll stay on to handle the day-to-day management of the business . 
 janie will be taking a leading role as well . '' 
 `` i -- '' janie 's protest died on her lips as aunt m gave her the look . 
 `` oh . 
 well , that could be good , '' said crystal doubtfully . 
 `` if you 'll let us into the portal , '' roxy added . 
 `` i do n't know what you 're talking about . '' 
 `` the portal to the infinite . 
 do n't play dumb . 
 maps , deeds , old letters . 
 i 've got it all . 
 all the stuff mel was working on . '' 
 `` which maps ? '' 
 `` ah ! 
 see , now you 're coming around ! '' 
 `` mel ran away , roxy . '' 
 `` no . 
 she found the portal and she went through . '' 
 aunt m tilted her head , seemed to consider roxy . 
 `` ah . 
 you mean the chamber of wonders . '' 
 janie looked from one to the other . 
 they seemed to be serious . 
 janie snuck a glance at crystal . 
 no , crystal was following right along . 
 only dan the guard looked weirded out , fidgeting and anxious . 
 `` would you consider changing the policy on cavern access ? '' 
 crystal asked . 
 `` because we think that it should be open to the public . '' 
 roxy cut in , `` and if you do n't allow it , people are n't going to just sit there and take it . 
 people will -- they 'll go crazy ! 
 somebody could get hurt ! 
 janie agrees with us , do n't you janie ? '' 
 `` no ! 
 i only agreed with you so you 'd shut up . '' 
 `` you said we should organize and take over the cavern because it should be open to anyone who wants to experience the beauty of the infinite . '' 
 `` i said no -- '' `` as a matter of fact , '' aunt m interrupted , `` i think that you 're right . 
 but janie will be the one to make that decision . '' 
 a wicked grin spread across roxy 's face . 
 `` you know what , aunt margaret ? 
 why do n't you take roxy down and show her whatever you wanted to show me ? 
 i can stay up here in the real world and keep my mind . '' 
 `` this time , it will have to be just you and me , janie . '' 
 margaret stood and grasped roxy by the shoulders , maneuvered her out of the way and stepped behind the desk . 
 `` dan , you may escort roxy and crystal out . '' 
 `` i 'm going , too , '' said janie . 
 `` you 're staying with me , '' aunt m countered , as she reached into a drawer and drew out a ring of keys . 
 roxy leapt and snatched the keys from aunt margaret . 
 they tinkled merrily in her grip . 
 her eyes sparkled , her wild hair danced in the breeze through the window . 
 janie felt an overwhelming need to flee . 
 `` i 'll let myself out , '' she mumbled , and reached down for her purse . 
 dan the guard was standing on the strap . 
 `` excuse me , '' she said , and gave it a firm tug just as the guard lifted his foot . 
 her elbow rammed into his crotch . 
 he doubled over with a grunt . 
 roxy said , `` thanks , janie , '' as she leapt over and relieved the gun from dan 's holster . 
 `` how do you use this thing ? '' 
 crystal chattered , `` roxy stop ! 
 i swear ms. gundy , this was not the plan . '' 
 bang ! 
 `` oops ! 
 okay , got it ! '' 
 said roxy . 
 the remains of the office window shattered behind aunt m , who did n't look as nervous as you 'd expect . 
 the guard was out the door and halfway to the staircase , waddling for his life , when janie came to her senses and started after him . 
 janie heard crystal yelp , but she was n't about to slow down . 
 crystal would have to fend for herself . 
 halfway down the first flight of steps , janie passed the guard . 
 in the lobby , she leapt to the telephone on the front desk and dialed 911 . 
 the guard waddled past her , wheezing , unlocked the door and stumbled out onto the portico , hands on his knees . 
 she ran into the street to wave down the sheriff . 
 the guard watched her warily from the top of the steps . 
 two men in a sheriff 's department suv coasted to a stop at the curb and craned up at long shot , inc. . 
 the guard trotted down the steps and leaned through the passenger side window . 
 instead of jumping out and storming into the building , the sheriff did a u-turn and parked in front of the casino . 
 the security guard crossed the street and climbed into the back seat . 
 the two sheriff 's deputies and the security guard talked earnestly . 
 they seemed to be filling out some kind of report . 
 the deputy in the passenger seat picked up the radio and spoke into it . 
 janie strolled over to her crumpled taurus and tossed her purse into the driver 's seat . 
 still , the men did nothing . 
 the security guard got out of the suv and made some comment , at which both of the other men laughed nervously . 
 and he walked to his car in the parking lot and drove away . 
 janie stepped up and knocked on the sheriff 's passenger-side window , startling both men inside . 
 when the window lowered a crack , janie demanded , `` what are you waiting for ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` we 're not getting involved , miss. '' chapter 39 roxy danced toward the elevator , grinning . 
 `` c'mon crystal ! '' 
 `` you did n't tell me there would be guns . '' 
 roxy brought the gun up with both hands , sighted it at crystal . 
 `` poof ! '' 
 she said . 
 crystal skittered sideways and roxy laughed . 
 `` naw , i 'm not going to shoot anyone . 
 i promise i 'll ditch the gun here . 
 are you coming or what ? '' 
 roxy kept the gun trained on the office door until the elevator squeaked open . 
 crystal sighed , slipped in just as the doors slid closed . 
 roxy stuck the gun under her arm , fitted one of margaret 's keys into a lock on the control panel , turned it and jabbed the `` b '' button . 
 `` you told me you 'd leave the gun behind . '' 
 `` i lied . 
 haha ! '' 
 `` i do n't like you when you 're like this . '' 
 roxy winked . 
 `` but you 're here anyway . 
 my most loyal follower . '' 
 `` uh ... '' crystal glanced at the gun . 
 `` i thought you wanted to do this , '' said roxy . 
 `` i do , but -- '' `` this is it , crystal ! 
 the rocket ship to oneness ! 
 do n't you get it ? '' 
 `` but what if we ca n't come back ? 
 i mean , it does sound blissful , but -- '' `` you ca n't bail on me . '' 
 `` no , i -- it 's just that i have a cat , you know , and then there 's my family , too , i guess . '' 
 margaret took the elevator to the lobby , strode down through the abandoned kitchen and flung open the emergency exit . 
 she was glad , after all , that osha had forced them to leave it unlocked . 
 in the darkness , she felt her way down the stairs and along the boardwalk . 
 up ahead , the bluish glow of electronics spilled through the open vault door . 
 she could hear roxy rant , `` you 're pathetic ! 
 you and charlie . '' 
 margaret breathed deeply and peeked around the edge of the door . 
 roxy had just pranced through the inner vault door . 
 `` so here we are , '' said margaret , stepping forward . 
 roxy and crystal both flinched . 
 `` i could shoot you right now , '' said roxy . 
 `` that 's one possibility , '' said margaret , stepping the rest of the way into the cavern . 
 roxy pranced behind the gun , which seemed to be looking for something to shoot . 
 margaret continued , `` but this place may surprise you . '' 
 the gun homed in on margaret . 
 in her dreamy voice , crystal said , `` why ca n't we all just talk this through ? '' 
 `` we 're past that point , you twit , '' said aunt m , as she lunged for the dancing gun . 
 there was a loud bang . 
 when aunt m 's ears stopped ringing , crystal was saying , '' ... have a very negative attitude . '' 
 `` gim me that ! '' 
 roxy roared . 
 crystal now held the gun . 
 bang ! 
 bang ! 
 bang ! 
 she emptied bullets into the floor . 
 bits of rock and bullet sprayed everywhere , stinging aunt m 's neck , face , biting into her leg . 
 crystal stepped back , clutching at her waist , threw the gun . 
 it glanced off of roxy 's head . 
 `` there . 
 there 's your stupid gun . 
 you should n't be mean to people if you want them to help you . 
 it 's like , basic karma . '' 
 `` ow , '' said roxy . 
 crystal choked , `` and i 'm not sorry . '' 
 she stumbled out with her hand to her waist . 
 light from the airlock glistened on the blood seeping through her fingers . 
 the airlock door clanged shut . 
 pitch black . 
 `` crystal ? '' 
 aunt m cocked her ear . 
 there was no reply . 
 `` i 'm sorry that you 're so sensitive , but i only called you a twit . '' 
 margaret heard a rustle in the darkness , and knew that roxy was escaping through the slot at the base of the wall . 
 a shame janie was n't there . 
 janie was the one who would inherit the legacy . 
 not this other girl , who seemed to have a nose for trouble , and would not be welcome at margaret 's reunion with joe . 
 possibilities barraged aunt m 's mind . 
 for half a second , she froze . 
 then she dove into the slot after roxy . 
 jeff stepped in front of janie as she gave up on the sheriff and crossed the street back toward long shot , inc. . 
 the hem of his bathrobe fluttered in the breeze . 
 `` i know what you 're thinking , '' he said . 
 `` that 's funny because i do n't . '' 
 she pushed past him , forced her way through the door and crossed the lobby . 
 he caught up to her as she waited for the elevator . 
 `` you think you 're going to play the hero , save your poor innocent auntie . '' 
 ignoring him , she stepped into the elevator . 
 the doors closed and it squeaked upward . 
 all she knew was that somebody had to do something . 
 the fifth floor was deserted . 
 she ran down the hallway and sagged against the door jamb of essing 's empty office , then doubled back and caught her breath while she waited for the elevator . 
 at the last minute , she dodged over to crystal 's desk . 
 what would make the best weapon ? 
 telephone ? 
 stapler ? 
 she settled on the steel three-hole punch and slipped back into the elevator just as the doors closed . 
 she pressed `` b '' , but nothing happened . 
 damn . 
 she had forgotten she would need a key to ride to the basement . 
 so she pressed `` l '' , rode down to the lobby , ran through the abandoned kitchen , and cast around until she spotted the basement door , ajar . 
 before starting down , she took a deep breath . 
 outside the cavern airlock , she found crystal bleeding and pissed off . 
 `` they shot me ! '' 
 she said . 
 `` and your aunt called me a twit ! '' 
 crystal seemed more offended by the name calling . 
 `` i 'm sorry to hear that . 
 are you okay ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 she straightened up , the brave warrior . 
 `` but i could have died ! '' 
 `` maybe you should go to the hospital . '' 
 `` it 's just common sense , you 're headed to a place of infinite possibilities , you want the possibilities that do pan out to be as positive as possible . 
 but they had to be selfish . '' 
 `` look , i 've got ta get moving . 
 i have to find them . '' 
 janie pictured them killing each other , roxy drowning in a puddle , aunt m having a heart attack . 
 `` so you 're just leaving me here ? '' 
 `` the elevator 's that way . '' 
 `` they do n't care about anyone else , why should you care about them ? '' 
 crystal blocked janie 's way . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 will you get out of the way ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 janie whacked her with the hole punch . 
 crystal had some very stern things to say about janie 's character as janie wrenched the airlock open and slipped inside . 
 the doubts , the hesitation , the second-guessing had all faded . 
 janie knew what she had to do . 
 strange . 
 had aunt m 's confidence in her awakened something , some self-assurance she 'd never felt before ? 
 or was it just that there was no time to think ? 
 for months , janie had flailed and drifted , feeling she 'd lost her way in life . 
 but now she knew she was on the right path . 
 she 'd always been on the right path , because it was her path , not anyone else 's . 
 just because it had n't been fun did n't mean it had been wrong . 
 she just wished she 'd brought a flashlight . 
 chapter 40 when she arrived back at the fifth floor , crystal lifted her shirt and poked at the stinging scratch on her side . 
 good thing she 'd been on a colon cleanse that week . 
 if she 'd had one more ounce of body fat , the bullet would have gone right through her . 
 where had ron gone ? 
 he was the only one who could reign in the chaos and make things right . 
 surely , he was around somewhere , but his office was empty and the entire fifth floor was eerily quiet . 
 she sat at her reception desk for awhile , waiting , then wandered back down to pete 's desk in the lobby , where she could keep track of anyone coming or going . 
 the security cameras showed empty hallways . 
 there was no movement in the cavern . 
 the only person around was jeff , lounging against his usual pillar , eyes narrowed at the sheriff 's suv , picking his teeth with his pinkie . 
 crystal preferred to avoid him , but if anyone knew where ron was , it was him . 
 she limped out to the portico , clutching her waist . 
 `` do you know where ron is ? '' 
 `` i 'm hoping to see him myself , girly . '' 
 `` it 's just that things have gotten a little out of control . '' 
 jeff snorted . 
 `` and i 've been injured , '' said crystal , with what she thought was just the right degree of tremolo . 
 he rolled his eyes in her direction . 
 `` neosporin . '' 
 `` i 've been shot , '' she clarified . 
 `` ca n't say i 'm too upset about it . '' 
 `` i know you do n't mean that . '' 
 just then , ron appeared . 
 he leaned out the door and beckoned to them , `` what 's going on ? '' 
 crystal stepped inside , ranting . 
 jeff followed . 
 `` roxy and mrs. gundy have gone crazy ! 
 they 're down in the cave , fighting . 
 i tried to stop them but roxy shot me . '' 
 ron looked her over . 
 she lifted her shirt slightly so he could see the trickle of blood . 
 `` so you called the police ? '' 
 he gritted his teeth and waved merrily at the sheriff 's deputies parked at the opposite curb . 
 `` no , no , it was n't me , '' she said quickly . 
 `` jeff , let me get rid of the police , then we can talk . 
 crystal , why do n't you go home and rest ? '' 
 ron took out his wallet , handed her two twenties . 
 `` and get yourself a new shirt . '' 
 chapter 41 down in the cave , rubble scraped margaret 's shoulder blades as she wriggled through the slot at the base of the wall . 
 she flung out a hand and snagged roxy 's shoelace . 
 roxy tugged and the shoe came off in margaret 's hand . 
 margaret elbow-crawled after roxy and almost caught her . 
 roxy writhed out of margaret 's grasp and scuttled away . 
 margaret 's heart flailed at her chest . 
 she was getting too old for this . 
 she scooped up an iron-shaped rock , lurched upright and gave chase . 
 a line of dirty light like the first sign of dawn glowed in the tunnel ahead . 
 margaret could see the shadow of roxy 's wild hair as she bounced toward it . 
 margaret rounded the next bend just as roxy came upon andrea . 
 a fluorescent lantern flooded the passage with cold , unblinking light . 
 debris littered the tunnel floor : cast off gloves , gatorade bottles , a hammer drill , chunks of rock . 
 andrea squatted in the ruins of the wall in splotched overalls , examining something . 
 andrea stumbled upright , gazed at roxy , then flicked a glance toward margaret , who was sneaking up behind roxy . 
 margaret put a finger to her lips . 
 the odor of rotting flesh clogged margaret 's nostrils . 
 then a gentle breeze wafted her way and she drank in the sweet smell she craved . 
 the chamber of wonders reeled her toward it . 
 margaret 's substance had started to fade already . 
 perhaps the particles of her being had begun to scatter . 
 margaret braced herself and heaved the rock into the back of roxy 's head . 
 it was an echo of something she 'd done before . 
 she could n't quite remember . 
 something unpleasant . 
 but this time , margaret was sure she had it right . 
 the weight of the blow knocked roxy to the ground . 
 andrea ripped off her safety glasses . 
 `` you ca n't just -- '' `` ah , but i can , andrea . 
 that 's the wonderful thing about this place . '' 
 margaret sucked in a deep , purifying breath . 
 `` anything is possible . '' 
 her head swam and she was almost overcome by euphoria . 
 it had been too long . 
 `` you knew about this ? '' 
 andrea jabbed a grimy finger at the wall . 
 margaret stepped into the fluorescent glare , bent over , hands on her knees , and examined the corpse nestled in fetal position on the other side of the collapsed wall . 
 `` oh , mel , '' she tutted . 
 from mel 's rotting fingers , margaret pried a nugget of gold , held it to the light . 
 it was the golden bear . 
 it was unmistakable . 
 margaret 's heart swelled with gratitude . 
 the universe worked in mysterious ways . 
 it had finally produced her treasure . 
 but how would margaret pass the golden bear to janie with so little time remaining ? 
 she had to trust that the opportunity would arise . 
 andrea 's voice broke through her thoughts : `` you 're on your own , margaret . 
 i 'm out of here . '' 
 margaret felt a blow between her shoulder blades . 
 the golden bear flew out of her hand . 
 she toppled onto the corpse . 
 rotting flesh kissed her face . 
 someone grasped her from behind and dragged her back into the light . 
 roxy loomed over her , wild hair silhouetted in the lantern light . 
 `` faked you out , did n't i ? '' 
 crowed roxy . 
 see ? 
 anything was possible . 
 a drop of blood fell from roxy 's chin and stung margaret 's eye . 
 she should have been dismayed to find roxy alive and leering over her , but it was oddly invigorating to know you could kill someone , and then you got to do it all over again . 
 margaret wondered how she 'd do it this time . 
 then roxy shifted and margaret had a slightly less invigorating thought : what if roxy killed her before margaret and joe reunited and dove into the great beyond together ? 
 that would be a real downer . 
 roxy snatched up andrea 's fluorescent lantern and scrambled over mel 's body toward the chamber of wonders . 
 margaret felt around , retrieved the golden bear . 
 she got stiffly to her feet and stumbled after her . 
 chapter 42 fleeing from the cavern , andrea pushed through the hinged panel from the hidden stairway , tripped into jeff 's stuffy apartment , gasped and stepped back . 
 her father was already there . 
 he towered over jeff , jabbing a finger at his chest , and the only words andrea caught were , `` my daughter would never -- '' both men spun around . 
 jeff jerked his head up and away , studied andrea out of the corner of his eye . 
 she wore filthy blue coveralls . 
 her face was streaked with dirt . 
 `` never do what ? '' 
 crowed jeff . 
 `` andrea , what 's going on ? '' 
 said ron . 
 `` you know this is jeff 's private apartment . 
 and you know i do n't want you exposed to the cavern . '' 
 `` i know what 's behind the rock wall now , father . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 andrea glared . 
 `` i 've been doing some demolition work in the cave . 
 imagine what i found . '' 
 ron paled . 
 `` margaret put you up to this ? '' 
 `` did you kill her , dad ? '' 
 he glanced at jeff . 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` you tell me , '' she shouted . 
 `` is it pete 's daughter ? '' 
 `` what are -- oh my god . '' 
 ron stepped toward the paneled wall where andrea had just emerged , veered back . 
 jeff shifted . 
 `` told you , '' he said . 
 ron turned on him , then bit back whatever he 'd planned to say . 
 `` i need a flashlight . '' 
 jeff leaned to rummage in the magazine pocket of his recliner , held up a flashlight . 
 ron said , `` andrea , go to pete 's place , pick him up and bring him back here . '' 
 `` i thought he was fired ? '' 
 ron 's lip twisted . 
 `` if it 's melanie , he deserves to know , '' he said . 
 chapter 43 five months before , on that afternoon back in june , melanie had n't known that it was the last time she 'd see daylight . 
 the gathering clouds split open with a crash and water poured from the sky , so much water the whole world blurred to gray . 
 melanie kneeled and trundled two rocks out of the way , twinging her back in the process . 
 she drew a sharp breath , then bent back down , reached through the rusted steel grate and fumbled with the hidden latch . 
 rain ran up her nose . 
 finally , the grate fell open . 
 gripping the bars , she lowered herself into the throat of the mountain . 
 as she heaved the grate shut behind her , she lost her footing and tumbled to the rocky ground . 
 when she stood up , she could feel herself grinning . 
 she was getting nearer to the source . 
 it coursed through her veins . 
 it brought a skip to her step . 
 the rumble of rain and thunder surrounded her , even underground . 
 darkness chased the beam of her flashlight through the tunnel . 
 then she was weightless . 
 her first instinct was to laugh . 
 she was in the air for seconds , enough time to wonder whether she was flying . 
 just before plunging into freezing water , she realized she had it all wrong . 
 coughing and gasping , she popped to the surface . 
 the flashlight was gone . 
 she did a panicky dog-paddle to get her mouth above water as she spun in circles . 
 rock broke off in her hands as she clawed at the walls . 
 water tugged at her sketchers , dunked her every time she caught a breath . 
 she lost feeling in her hands . 
 her body trembled , teeth clacked together . 
 she could barely move . 
 there was a painful crush in her chest . 
 melanie caught a last taste of air and let the current suck her under . 
 melanie had barraged her dad and ron essing and her co-workers at long shot , inc. with so many questions , they 'd all clammed up . 
 well , dad never had said much anyway , other than , `` effing lay off . 
 i do n't know . '' 
 but he did know . 
 people always wanted to tell him things , maybe because they figured he had no one to share them with since mom took off . 
 maybe because he seemed sympathetic . 
 it was like talking to a grouchy old dog , talking to her dad . 
 so every once in a while melanie pried something out of him , but not enough . 
 she had taken out old mine maps from the county archives , haunted the library . 
 she skipped work to drive her dad 's truck up washed out mining roads until she found it . 
 and then , working on a hint from her wild-eyed , bathrobe-clad `` grandfather '' -lrb- she used that term loosely -rrb- , she got in . 
 why did n't everyone know ? 
 it was so obvious . 
 long shot , colorado was a trap , a prison , as dead end as it got . 
 and she 'd found her escape . 
 or so she had thought . 
 underground , mel scraped and banged and tumbled . 
 she did n't feel the pain so much as saw it . 
 it was flashy and lurid and exploded in her head like fireworks . 
 the world thrummed and roared . 
 she was in the heavy-duty wash cycle until she landed with a crash in a shallow pool . 
 miraculously , the water roared off without her . 
 melanie dragged herself onto jagged rocks , barfed up a bunch of water and passed out . 
 it was silent when she awoke . 
 stabbing pain shot from her hip . 
 the rest of her body throbbed . 
 melanie decided that throbbing was her new baseline for pain and it really was n't that bad -- kind of like when her dad gave her an affectionate thump on the back or a squeeze of her shoulder . 
 it was n't the same as a hug , but it meant well . 
 the water had receded , leaving silty puddles and slick stone . 
 she dragged herself through the inky darkness . 
 she must be closer to the source . 
 she must . 
 sweet air breathed out of a narrow fissure . 
 she wriggled into it , upward then downward . 
 melanie sang christmas carols , pop songs , `` lose yourself '' by eminem . 
 hours before , or maybe it had been days , her voice had bounced off the cavern walls and filled it , keeping her company . 
 now , it was little more than a whisper in her ear . 
 or maybe it never left her own head . 
 she could n't be sure . 
 sometimes , her heartbeat drowned it out . 
 she sang the song about the itsy-bitsy spider going up the water spout . 
 the song had new meaning for her now . 
 it was kind of funny , really . 
 puffs of rock dust blew up into her nostrils when she exhaled . 
 a faint breeze touched her cheek every once in a while . 
 she must be almost there , but her swollen hip was wedged . 
 the pain was a part of her now , no longer surprising or new . 
 she 'd given up on strategy and planning . 
 all she had left was rage , to give her the strength to fight her way toward the source of the cave 's energy . 
 nothing could stop her , especially not her own body . 
 she drew another dusty breath and pulled with all her strength . 
 she saw the fireworks again . 
 that was how she knew that she did n't exist , not really . 
 if the pain were real , she 'd feel it in her body . 
 then she was free , and she willed herself forward . 
 the illusion of her body tagged along , but she did n't care about that any more . 
 she was fog , she was rock , she was the sweet air that wafted toward her . 
 it was all one . 
 she melted into it , through it . 
 and then there was a time that she could move no farther . 
 or maybe it had always been that way . 
 when she started to become solid again , her mind ran away , back to the oneness , where everything was so much easier . 
 she drew the sweet air up through her nostrils , plunged through space to become one with it . 
 she was home . 
 do n't worry , dad , she thought . 
 everything is wonderful . 
 chapter 44 five months after mel 's disappearance , ron rushed down to the cave to verify that her body had been found . 
 after ron left , jeff sat alone in his stuffy room , tortured by regret . 
 he slumped into his easy chair , face in his hands . 
 the last thing mel had said to jeff before she disappeared was , `` thanks for the tip , gramps ! '' 
 she mocked him , but jeff knew he was lucky she talked to him at all . 
 in the weeks after mel disappeared , jeff had obsessed about that conversation . 
 if only he could remember what he 'd said to her , maybe he 'd know where she 'd gone or what she 'd been looking for . 
 but he had no memory of the conversation at all . 
 he 'd lived his life so long in a dream , he 'd stopped noticing . 
 jeff knew that his granddaughter was entranced by the cave . 
 she took after jeff in that . 
 so he 'd taken a break from sculpting and from employee harassment , and when he was n't giving oracles , he scoured the caverns , all except the one behind ron 's rock wall , the one that came and went . 
 she could n't be there . 
 there was a wall . 
 and the one other way to get there -lrb- from the upper entrance -rrb- was , well , fatal . 
 his search had ended there . 
 but still , he was n't so sure . 
 and then , one day , or perhaps it was night , jeff had lolled on the floor of his underground gallery , head propped on a rock , bringing to shape things he saw in his mind , sculpting little people . 
 people doing things , living lives . 
 and their houses and trees and pets . 
 a miniature community . 
 he liked to imagine he lived there , too , was one of them . 
 a whiff of disintegration disturbed this peaceful game and brought him to his feet . 
 following the scent he had been drawn to ron 's wall . 
 the wall that protected the golden bear and kept jeff from temptation . 
 he put his palm gently to the cold stone . 
 and then he knew . 
 she had been there all along , and now it was too late . 
 too late . 
 how could it be too late in a timeless place ? 
 perhaps too late was just another way of saying the cycle has begun again . 
 the worst part was that only then was jeff able to recall his last conversation with melanie . 
 he remembered she 'd been crowing about the cave 's upper entrance . 
 she 'd found it on an old mining map from the county archive . 
 it was just a matter of how to break through the bars . 
 and he 'd told her about margaret 's hidden gate , something she had no business to know . 
 and now she was dead . 
 no wonder he 'd blocked it out . 
 that was his wake-up call . 
 his alarm . 
 he 'd had an alarm once , as a teenager . 
 every day before school the beeping had woken him with a pounding heart , a jolt of terror , a feeling that nothing good could come of the day . 
 and so he 'd stopped using it , started sleeping late . 
 his parents had n't understood . 
 the vice principal had n't understood . 
 was that when things had started to go wrong ? 
 when he 'd started refusing to live by alarms ? 
 the day he smelled melanie , jeff left the cave for the last time . 
 he 'd refused to do any more oracles . 
 he 'd showered , shaved , washed his bathrobe . 
 he was cleaning up his act . 
 he passed the information to pete : melanie was dead in the cave . 
 `` you 're sick , '' pete said . 
 `` you 're an effing whacko ! 
 you do n't even know what you 're talking about ! '' 
 pete tried to break jeff 's nose . 
 they did n't discuss it again . 
 jeff had n't been back to the cave since . 
 chapter 45 janie 's enthusiasm and newfound self-confidence had waned shortly after she entered the cave to search for aunt m and roxy -lrb- no surprise there -rrb- . 
 it did n't help that she 'd forgotten to bring a flashlight . 
 this time , she was n't the only one , however . 
 in the darkness , someone blundered past janie and climbed down into the crypt . 
 to steady herself , janie grasped the shaft of the rickety ladder , the ladder she and roxy had climbed all those weeks before . 
 the hole punch clattered out of her hand . 
 `` andrea ? '' 
 she said . 
 janie could hear her scuffling around below , in the crypt . 
 `` you ca n't ignore me forever , you know ! '' 
 janie said . 
 there was a squeak , a clunk , then silence . 
 `` andrea ? '' 
 nothing . 
 like magic , she 'd vanished . 
 janie was still leaning on the ladder , dumbfounded , when she heard the squeak ... clunk again . 
 ron essing climbed up through the floor of the crypt like an envoy from the land of the dead . 
 he panned his flashlight over her . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 he said , not unkindly . 
 `` i want to help , '' she said . 
 `` then leave . '' 
 he jostled past her and climbed the ladder . 
 he must have heard her follow him , but he seemed to forget about her after that . 
 after a while , he slowed . 
 his flashlight beam bounced around . 
 he dropped to his knees and examined something , then stumbled upright , dry-heaving , and ran toward her . 
 janie shrank against the wall as he blundered away . 
 janie was alone in the darkness again . 
 decay forced its way up her nose . 
 a step at a time , she groped toward the source of the odor . 
 her temple itched . 
 `` janie , i 'm so glad you decided to come after all ! '' 
 aunt margaret 's voice echoed in her head like a memory . 
 `` aunt m ? 
 where are you ? '' 
 janie whispered . 
 `` this cave is in your blood , janie . 
 you 'll find the way . '' 
 she stepped forward . 
 `` where 's roxy ? 
 i thought you were in trouble . '' 
 `` me ? 
 no . 
 but i could use a little ... assistance . '' 
 janie shuffled sideways into a narrow passage . 
 the odor rammed its way down her throat : the odor of death . 
 `` sorry , '' she whispered as she stepped on something dead . 
 ahead , she heard overlapping voices . 
 her head boomed with the beat of her heart . 
 every stumbling step was a battle against fear . 
 the crevice spat her out in another world . 
 a world of beauty and light . 
 a world of flowing white stone . 
 she had heard of caves like that , with stalactites and stalagmites , but she 'd never seen one in person . 
 janie had a moment of lucidity , where she thought , `` cool ! 
 the chamber of wonders ! '' 
 a fluorescent camping lantern threw rainbows at janie 's eyes . 
 just a few feet away , aunt m leapt on roxy with a war cry that made janie 's hair stand on end . 
 once again , janie was impressed by her aunt 's strength . 
 aunt m grabbed roxy 's arm and wrenched it up behind her , kneed roxy in the backside . 
 roxy toppled forward . 
 smash ! 
 went a stone formation like a melting ice cream cake . 
 crash ! 
 went a formation like a white chocolate fountain . 
 boom , boom , boom went janie 's heart . 
 with roxy in a stranglehold , aunt margaret dragged roxy all the way to janie . 
 roxy choked and spluttered . 
 aunt m 's breezy voice echoed in janie 's head , totally at odds with the situation . 
 `` oh , janie . 
 i 'm so sorry . 
 i really wanted this to be special . 
 but we 've run out of time . '' 
 aunt m gave janie an awkward hug , and thrust roxy into her arms . 
 `` take roxy and leave now . '' 
 `` but i 'm here to save you ! '' 
 aunt m laughed . 
 `` good job . 
 now go . '' 
 aunt m shoved janie back the way she had come . 
 behind janie , the chamber with aunt m vanished into darkness . 
 the walls seemed to shift . 
 roxy fought like an angry cat . 
 janie doggedly dragged her up and out of the mountain , following aunt m 's order , yes , but also her own path , the one that was hers and no one else 's . 
 chapter 46 andrea 's subaru roared up the street and swerved toward the curb . 
 pete leapt from the passenger side even before she stopped . 
 he took the steps two at a time and pounded upstairs . 
 andrea drew a calming breath through her nose , let it out with a whoosh . 
 craned to watch pete bound away . 
 he had been upset . 
 she had stuck to the facts : your daughter is dead , etcetera , etcetera . 
 as if calm and logic could keep the nightmare at bay . 
 she picked at her grimy fingernails , thought of the stained coveralls wadded in the back of the car . 
 her father had n't killed mel . 
 he had been far too shocked by andrea 's news . 
 he was a good man , not a murderer . 
 essentially , -lrb- she drew another steadying breath -rrb- andrea had killed mel : the mel who had still lived in pete 's mind . 
 the daughter he had imagined might still be alive . 
 what to do now ? 
 those gapers hanging out in front of the casino might wonder about her , sitting in her car at the curb -lrb- did n't they have anything better to do ? -rrb- . 
 andrea needed to make a decision . 
 she should either stay and do something to help or ... she could slip away . 
 opt out of all the recriminations , the repercussions . 
 she did n't know how much more she could take . 
 andrea scanned the street , undecided . 
 then there was a crash , and janie hurtled through the glass lobby door and sprawled at the top of the sandstone steps . 
 roxy tumbled through on top of her . 
 andrea groaned and got out of the car . 
 andrea had started all of this . 
 she had better finish it . 
 chapter 47 pete , ron and jeff faced off in jeff 's spartan room , where just an hour before , andrea had dropped the bombshell about discovering pete 's daughter 's body . 
 `` weeks ago , i told you she was down there . 
 i told you and him . '' 
 jeff jabbed a finger toward ron . 
 `` nobody believed me . '' 
 pete said , `` i do n't want to hear about it , dad . '' 
 `` if you gave me a little more credit , maybe you would have gone down there and found her . '' 
 jeff jutted his chin indignantly . 
 `` effing shut up ! 
 you 're not helping ! '' 
 pete had searched the cavern . 
 jeff damned well knew it . 
 he 'd spent days scouring hidden passages . 
 he 'd explored every bit of it he could : the crypt , the corkscrew , the maze of passages and chambers and hidden tunnels . 
 and with every day he 'd felt his grasp on reality slipping until he realized he could n't go back there any more . 
 he 'd climbed through the upper entrance , peered down into the water-filled shaft while his balls crawled up into his stomach . 
 a shiver ran through his body just thinking about it . 
 but pete had n't explored the passage behind the wall . 
 why would he ? 
 even now , he could n't imagine how mel had gotten there . 
 `` i 'll help you carry her out . '' 
 ron spoke quietly . 
 pete had almost forgotten about him . 
 `` i 've got some garbage bags , and -- '' pete turned on him so quickly , ron was caught off guard . 
 `` my daughter , '' his voice shook , `` is not garbage . '' 
 `` i meant -- well , the body , she 's , well ... i think you 'll see when we get down there that ... she 's pretty decomposed . '' 
 he finished with a rush . 
 `` and you want her out of your cave the easy way , the clean way , is that right ? '' 
 ron was confused . 
 `` cover your ass , pretend it did n't happen , just like usual ? 
 what am i supposed to do with her then ? 
 toss her in the dumpster ? 
 bury her out back by the propane tank ? 
 do n't you think people might ask questions ? 
 do n't you think maybe they should ask questions ? '' 
 pete 's voice rose to a roar . 
 ron clutched his box of hefty bags to his chest . 
 `` she will have paramedics and police and a proper funeral , just like anyone else . 
 she deserves that respect . '' 
 he wheeled on jeff . 
 `` yes , respect ! '' 
 `` i do n't think there 's time for that , '' said jeff mildly . 
 `` effing bloody effing goddamned hell ! 
 what now ? '' 
 `` because , '' he continued , `` this is the end of the cycle . '' 
 ron closed his eyes , said , `` could you be a little more specific ? '' 
 but before jeff could elaborate , pete slammed his father into the wall . 
 the hidden panel hinged open , spilling them into the secret stairway behind . 
 pete sprawled on top of his father , head-first on the spiral staircase and slammed jeff 's skull into the stone steps . 
 `` the cycle ? 
 fuck the cycle ! 
 my daughter is dead , you asshole ! '' 
 `` but you might not come back , '' jeff croaked . 
 his bathrobe had fallen open , exposing his under shorts . 
 pete got to his feet , bracing himself against the walls of the staircase and towered over his father . 
 `` i am so effing sick of your effing prophecies ! '' 
 jeff lay limp on the stairs , screwed up his face , thinking . 
 `` i do n't do prophecies any more . 
 i retired weeks ago , as soon as i found out mel had passed , '' he said . 
 `` this is n't a prophecy . 
 it 's just something i know . '' 
 pete wheeled away from him back into the room and punched the paneled wall , then doubled over , clutching his fist . 
 ron peered down at jeff from the top of the stairs . 
 his hand strayed to his breast pocket , but there were no cigarettes there . 
 `` i 'm not sure i understand , '' he said . 
 `` did the sparkler tell you about the surge ? '' 
 `` margaret ? '' 
 jeff drew a breath . 
 `` did she tell you this is the big one ? 
 can you feel it ? '' 
 his voice rose . 
 `` did you even wonder why we 're going to hell in a hand basket ? 
 did you realize that she planned this all along ? '' 
 chapter 48 andrea flung her car door shut and marched up the steps of long shot , inc. . 
 roxy shrugged away from janie and bolted back into the building . 
 the crowd in front of the casino across the street chatted and sipped highballs and gestured with their cigarettes . 
 jaw clenched , andrea said , `` janie , get up . 
 you 're making a scene . '' 
 andrea hauled janie upright by her armpit and tried to pull the shattered door open . 
 it would n't budge , so they stepped back through the hole janie and roxy had made . 
 andrea heard chuckles from across the street . 
 andrea dumped janie into the chair behind the front desk , banged open a drawer and thrust a box of kleenex at janie . 
 taking a tissue for herself , she mopped grime from her eyes and said , `` what 's up with your aunt ? '' 
 damn aunt m , janie thought . 
 she wanted to stay in the cave , she could just do that . 
 `` i dunno . '' 
 `` she wanted me to find mel for a reason , janie . 
 what is it ? '' 
 `` pete 's daughter ? 
 i thought she died or something . '' 
 andrea 's nostrils compressed . 
 `` oh , no ! '' 
 janie 's eyes widened in horror . 
 `` the smell . 
 oh , god ! 
 i stepped on her . '' 
 `` never mind that . 
 what 's your aunt 's plan ? '' 
 janie pressed a wad of tissue to a gash in her eyebrow . 
 why had aunt m lured janie in just to send her away again ? 
 and why was it so important to take roxy out with her ? 
 and what was up with that awkward hug ? 
 what was that for ? 
 andrea gave up on janie and started pacing furiously . 
 janie hunched forward and flicked up the hood of her sweatshirt . 
 something cold tumbled past her cheek and plopped into her lap . 
 something shiny and gold . 
 quickly , she palmed it . 
 and suddenly she understood what aunt m had been doing with that awkward hug . 
 it was reverse pickpocketing . 
 the elevator dinged . 
 jeff and ron stepped out , and as they strode toward the lobby , ron hissed , `` does that mean it 's opening ? '' 
 jeff jabbed a finger at janie and gave her a bug-eyed glower . 
 then he stepped through the shattered door and strode off . 
 ron wheeled on janie . 
 `` jeff seems to think you have something to tell me about margaret . '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 ron shouted , `` like what does she want ? 
 what more could she possibly want ? 
 i gave her everything ! '' 
 janie shrank back . 
 `` janie does n't know anything , '' said andrea . 
 but , dammit , this time janie did know something . 
 and she was sick of andrea thinking she was a moron . 
 she said , `` there 's a story , a family story -- '' `` about the golden bear , '' ron cut in . 
 `` yes , and -- '' `` a chamber of wonders . '' 
 `` if you know so much , why are you asking me ? '' 
 janie shot back . 
 andrea put a restraining hand on her father . 
 ron closed his eyes . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 janie continued , `` she wants me to inherit the company , which i do n't want , but that does n't matter . 
 and i think she wants to go away to the , you know , the upside-down topsy-turvy . '' 
 ron pinched the bridge of his nose . 
 `` and today is the big surge ? '' 
 `` i think it 's more dangerous than she lets on . '' 
 `` no kidding , '' said andrea . 
 she turned to ron . 
 `` who else is in the cave right now ? 
 pete ? '' 
 `` i 'll try to talk some sense into him , '' said ron . 
 he started toward the stairs , then looked back . 
 `` janie , get out of here . '' 
 chapter 49 it had been a long journey for margaret , all these years , but she was back . 
 back in the chamber of wonders , where she belonged , with joe . 
 she was full , so full of thankfulness and love . 
 full of joy . 
 all those things she had been missing as she flung herself at life like a bird against a windowpane . 
 and now she had those things back , she would never give them up again . 
 margaret saw pete , leaping and bawling in his despair . 
 he was so blind . 
 what better place for that young girl to end her time on earth than here , at the place the utes had called the womb of the world ? 
 melanie was home . 
 margaret knew it . 
 she could feel her spirit pulse through the place . 
 if pete would only pause for just a moment , perhaps he could feel it too . 
 she saw janie , denying her inheritance . 
 then she saw the cave collapse . 
 at first , it was tragic . 
 the world would never have its second delphi . 
 but then she realized it did n't really matter . 
 with a warm embrace , joe met her there , at the center of it all , and she melted into him , into love , into life . 
 just in time . 
 or maybe it had always meant to be this way . 
 maybe she had all the time in the world . 
 they were two eagles , talons gripped together , falling from the sky . 
 the chamber expanded , and then it collapsed , swallowing her whole . 
 her ego burned up . 
 her body disintegrated . 
 the boundary between her and joe blurred and then vanished . 
 and she felt love , boundless love . 
 the kind of love she had always wanted but had lacked as she waited , waited for joe to be whole again . 
 and now they were one with everything , together . 
 and she realized that they had never been apart . 
 it had only been illusion . 
 chapter 50 pete 's daughter was trapped , still trapped , behind what was left of the stone wall . 
 and every time he tried to pull her free , she seemed to come apart . 
 he could feel the tearing . 
 pete took up the hammer drill that andrea had abandoned , wedged the shovel bit in a crack between two stones , turned off the safety and pulled the trigger . 
 `` do n't worry , sweetheart , '' he crooned . 
 `` i 'll get you out . 
 just stay still . '' 
 he knew that she was dead . 
 he knew that he had stopped making sense , but he still had to get her out . 
 as though she were trapped in hell by accident and only he had the power to pull her up to heaven . 
 pebbles rained down from the cracked ceiling . 
 he paused in his work . 
 ron arrived behind him , gasping , with his goddamned hefty bags . 
 pete shook him off and continued to drill . 
 then there was something like a whump . 
 pete paused . 
 ron hauled him up and away as rocks rained from the ceiling . 
 pete fought him off and struggled back toward his daughter . 
 ron grabbed him around the waist and dragged him backward . 
 they wrestled and ron put himself between pete and mel 's body . 
 ron shouted , `` she 's already -- '' and then the tunnel collapsed in earnest . 
 and where , moments before , ron had stood , there was only a pile of limestone . 
 pete heard a deep boom that vibrated in his chest and throat . 
 and even against his will , he was running away . 
 chapter 51 janie sat in her car , wanting to leave long shot and never return , yet curiously reluctant . 
 sure , ron had kicked her out . 
 and it was n't like she wanted to stay . 
 she 'd done her duty . 
 she could go . 
 janie uncurled her fingers to examine the gold nugget with bear-claw scratches that aunt m had slipped into her hood with that awkward hug . 
 it was probably worth a lot of money : money for dog food and propane and car repairs . 
 was this the reason aunt m had lured her into the cave ? 
 this stupid bear ? 
 with a shiver of disgust , she plopped it into the ashtray among the spare fuses and canadian pennies and gum wrappers , and shut the tray so she would n't see it . 
 ka-boom ! 
 janie leapt from her car and goggled around her . 
 the mountain burped . 
 the air filled with dust . 
 trees swayed . 
 a rock bounced down the hillside , coming to rest at janie 's feet . 
 the building looked fine at first . 
 then a tendril of smoke issued from the roof . 
 all she could think of was pete , down in the cave with his dead daughter . 
 chapter 52 a yellow tercel screeched to a halt next to janie as she ran into the street . 
 roxy 's boyfriend charlie flung open his car door and pelted straight for the darkened lobby . 
 janie followed . 
 a blur of grey fur came out of the darkness going in the opposite direction and shot between janie 's legs . 
 janie was pretty sure it was a pack rat . 
 janie and charlie took the stairs to the ballroom two at a time . 
 through a haze of smoke , janie spotted andrea , descending from the third floor on wobbly legs . 
 she was covered in soot , her hair frizzy and singed . 
 she gripped the railing with both hands and stopped every few steps to gasp and cough . 
 janie ran to help her but andrea batted her away . 
 charlie pushed past janie . 
 janie shrank aside as charlie swept andrea into his arms and carried her down . 
 it would have been chivalrous if andrea had n't fought him the whole way . 
 in the lobby , andrea squirmed out of charlie 's grasp and stumbled outside to her car , where she leaned on the hood hacking and trembling . 
 janie stood by , helplessly . 
 `` where 's roxy ? '' 
 charlie asked andrea . 
 `` and pete and your dad , '' janie added . 
 andrea pointed toward the ground and launched into another fit of coughing . 
 the volunteer fire department showed up , sirens blaring . 
 a guy in a jeep . 
 five guys in a battered tanker truck , still pulling up their nomex pants . 
 the gapers at the casino across the street cheered at their arrival . 
 charlie ran over to the firefighters , gestured toward the building and shouted . 
 the guy from the jeep kept shaking his head . 
 just like the sheriffs , the fire fighters were afraid to enter the building . 
 charlie looked back janie 's way , a plea in his eyes . 
 so much for sanity . 
 so much for not getting involved . 
 janie sighed and waved charlie over , then led him into the smoldering building . 
 it was dark . 
 the electricity was out . 
 coughing from the smoke , janie motioned charlie to follow her . 
 they clattered through the lobby to the kitchen , then past the abandoned sinks and pantries . 
 at the back of the kitchen , a thick steel door stood ajar . 
 gingerly , janie swung the door the rest of the way open , peered down into a dim stairway . 
 `` that way , '' she said . 
 the odor assaulted her . 
 the exact smell of fear . 
 charlie did n't move . 
 she glanced at his face , his eyebrows drawn together in concentration . 
 no , that was n't concentration . 
 that was terror . 
 she stroked his gorgeous , muscular back . 
 she did n't really need to touch him , but she was only human . 
 charlie snapped out of it . 
 he stuffed his hand into his front pocket , brought out his cell phone . 
 when he touched the screen , it bathed the dark stairway in bluish light . 
 down , they went . 
 in the basement hallway , the vault door stood open . 
 they crept through the airlock and into the empty cavern . 
 charlie 's coughs echoed . 
 water dripped . 
 janie stooped to pick up the security guard 's stolen gun with two fingers . 
 charlie turned . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 `` it 's a gun . '' 
 `` i noticed . '' 
 `` somebody could step on it and get hurt . '' 
 she tossed it out of the way . 
 it clacked into the far wall . 
 bang ! 
 janie and charlie both jumped . 
 `` jesus ! '' 
 he said . 
 `` would you just chill ? '' 
 `` i am chill , '' she said . 
 she was at least as chill as he was . 
 he quaked with fear . 
 the light from his phone bounced all over the cave walls . 
 janie plopped to her stomach and squirmed through the slot toward the rest of the cave . 
 charlie followed . 
 on the other side , shattered limestone boulders blocked the tunnel completely . 
 rubble filled the crypt below them . 
 they could go no farther . 
 charlie had to do his own inspection , of course , while janie gave impatient explanations and rocked from foot to foot . 
 he seemed to be operating in slow motion . 
 even his speech was slow . 
 if they did n't leave soon , the same thing would happen to her . 
 she could feel it , like rising water . 
 a stone the size of a toaster plummeted from the ceiling and slammed to the floor beside her . 
 that was her signal . 
 `` let 's go ! '' 
 she barked . 
 she wormed back through the slot , screaming motivational profanity . 
 smoke swirled past as she ran through the basement . 
 her eyes watered . 
 smoke crushed her lungs . 
 panicked , she sprinted up and through the kitchen to the lobby , then out to the street . 
 charlie knocked past her on the home stretch . 
 before they 'd even caught their breath , andrea was reprimanding them . 
 the gist was , andrea had a plan and they had just run off and left her with nobody to boss around . 
 good to see she was back to her old self . 
 then , aunt m 's artist friend gary drove up looking crazed and babbling about aunt m 's sensitive nature and how she needed someone strong to show her how to love herself . 
 next thing janie knew , they were all headed for the secret entrance up on the mountainside . 
 andrea said , `` we have to move fast before there are any more collapses . '' 
 janie raised her head to say , `` how are we going to rescue anybody from the upper entrance ? '' 
 it was a stupid plan , as far as she could see . 
 the two parts of the cave had just been severed by rockfall . 
 they all ignored her . 
 maybe they knew something janie did n't . 
 plus , it was better to do something pointless than to stand around doing nothing , she guessed . 
 gary and charlie sprinted for their vehicles . 
 they drove off without her . 
 janie slipped into andrea 's station wagon as andrea rummaged in the cargo area for a headlamp . 
 as andrea started the car , she glanced over at janie , probably debating whether to make her walk . 
 janie sat straight and stared through the windshield , cheeks burning . 
 `` fine , '' said andrea , rolling her eyes . 
 chapter 53 when andrea jerked to a stop at the pullout above timberline , the two men were already jogging uphill , each carrying a tool box . 
 gary the artist shouted back , `` bring that red case , too ! '' 
 andrea heaved it out of the back of his truck . 
 janie grabbed the handle from the other side , and the two of them struggled uphill , tool case between them . 
 as they approached , janie realized with a start that a third man had joined charlie and gary at the cave 's mouth . 
 he wore a bathrobe , fluttering in the mountain breeze . 
 jeff . 
 gary kneeled at the grate , already welding . 
 or unwelding . 
 he tossed aside a dangerous looking chrome flower , which set the dry grass smoldering . 
 janie stomped out the fire . 
 janie turned on jeff . 
 `` what are you doing here ? 
 i thought you ran away . '' 
 `` well i did n't . '' 
 `` either did i , '' said janie . 
 `` wait a minute , '' andrea said . 
 `` how are we going to get to them from here ? 
 the only way to reach them is through the corkscrew and the crypt , and the crypt is full of rockfall . '' 
 `` exactly ! '' 
 said janie . 
 `` no , '' said jeff . '' 
 i 'm going down the shaft , not the corkscrew tunnel . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` still working on that part . '' 
 charlie jumped up , said , `` i have a rope ! '' 
 and ran off . 
 janie glared at jeff . 
 gary stashed his tools , swung the grate open and pointed . 
 `` do not touch this part here . 
 it will barbeque your hand . '' 
 charlie came running with a backpack . 
 one-by-one , they lowered themselves through the bars . 
 gary steadied himself on a tool box , trying to get his legs under him . 
 `` i 'll be there in a minute , '' he called . 
 it did n't look like he was going anywhere . 
 by the time janie crept to the edge of the shaft where roxy had almost died , charlie was drilling into the cave wall . 
 jeff shouted over the drone and rattle of the drill . 
 at first , janie ignored him , then she realized he was explaining the cave layout . 
 `` luckily , it 's been dry the past couple of weeks , so the water is probably pretty low , but i 'm still going to have to do some swimming , '' he said , as charlie showed janie how to screw hangers and nuts onto the bolts he 'd inserted . 
 charlie lifted a cluster of clanking gear and a rope out of his pack . 
 `` so you just carry this stuff around ? '' 
 andrea asked charlie . 
 `` he 's a rock climber , '' janie answered for him , happy to be a step ahead of andrea for a change . 
 `` the thing is , '' charlie mumbled , sorting gear into piles , `` i do n't swim . '' 
 `` actually , swimming might not even help . 
 it 'll probably be more like a waterslide . 
 or a drain , '' jeff added , helpfully . 
 `` but you can stay up here and mind the rope . '' 
 `` is this some sort of suicide plan you 've got ? '' 
 janie blurted . 
 charlie and andrea looked from janie to jeff . 
 he did n't reply . 
 `` you 're on your own , '' said janie . 
 `` that 's about what i 'd expect from you . '' 
 janie seethed . 
 he was such an asshole . 
 charlie helped jeff into a harness made of nylon webbing . 
 jeff sucked in his gut while charlie tried to thread the belt through the buckle to fasten it . 
 `` this is n't going to work , '' charlie said . 
 `` it 's too small . 
 take it off and i 'll see if i can rig something else ... '' he sounded doubtful . 
 andrea spoke , `` i 'll do it . '' 
 `` do you know how to rappel ? '' 
 `` you can show me . '' 
 her voice shook . 
 `` me too , '' janie piped up . 
 no ! 
 no ! 
 no ! 
 she really had to stop volunteering for stuff . 
 moments later janie was strapped in and charlie was lowering her over the edge . 
 why did these things always happen to her ? 
 she bumped and scraped down a rock wall , tumbled off the ledge where roxy had landed weeks ago , then descended through clear air as pebbles and dirt rained down on her . 
 charlie had strapped a helmet with a headlamp on her head . 
 it fell down over one eye . 
 pebbles clattered off the helmet and smacked into her shoulders and arms . 
 janie hugged herself and winced . 
 when her feet hit water , she yelped , then yelled , `` stop ! 
 stop ! '' 
 but she was up to her waist before her descent halted . 
 she sobbed and thrashed around as a current carried her sideways and occasionally dunked her . 
 then one of her toes grazed the bottom . 
 janie shone her headlamp on the walls of the shaft . 
 water drained away through a sloped passage to the side . 
 it also tugged at her from below . 
 it did n't look too bad , janie told herself . 
 who was she fooling ? 
 it looked terrifying . 
 `` what do you see ? '' 
 charlie called down . 
 `` a scary drain . '' 
 she half-paddled , half-walked around until she found a place she could stand . 
 keeping a one handed death grip on a horn of rock , she struggled out of the harness . 
 charlie pulled it up with the rope . 
 andrea descended a few minutes later , yelping as pebbles rained on her . 
 janie still wore charlie 's helmet . 
 thok , thok went the rocks on the helmet . 
 ploink , they dropped into the water around her . 
 a big one bruised her collar bone . 
 as andrea spiraled toward the water , janie reached out to steady her . 
 janie took a flailing foot to the face . 
 the hail of rocks slowed as andrea hit the water . 
 `` crap , that 's cold , '' said andrea . 
 janie had been too scared to notice , but it explained why she was shaking so much . 
 well , that and the terror . 
 janie helped andrea out of the harness . 
 `` i 'll stay here to bring you up , '' charlie 's voice echoed . 
 `` but hurry up . 
 it 's raining . '' 
 `` what does that have to do with anything ? '' 
 janie asked andrea . 
 andrea ignored her -lrb- big surprise there -rrb- , and started moving faster . 
 andrea and janie peered into the narrow , water-worn chute that sloped down , then curved away . 
 jeff 's `` waterslide '' . 
 gulp . 
 they argued about who should go first . 
 actually , they did n't exactly argue . 
 it was more like they each pretended to be polite by allowing the other to go first . 
 janie won , or lost -lrb- depending on your point of view -rrb- , and she ended up going first . 
 `` because you 're so much braver , '' said andrea . 
 was that sarcasm ? 
 janie stuck her legs in the hole . 
 sat at the lip . 
 a couple of inches of water slipped past her in a constant stream . 
 before she lost her nerve , she started easing herself down , slowing her progress with her hands . 
 behind her , andrea yelped . 
 when janie turned to look , andrea was gone . 
 `` andrea ? 
 andrea ? '' 
 janie could n't hear anything but rushing water and muffled yelling from charlie . 
 panicking , she tried to pull herself back up to where andrea disappeared , but it was too slippery and she could n't get foot holds . 
 she lost her grip and shot down the waterslide on her back , spine grinding against rock . 
 `` aaaaargh ! '' 
 a mouthful of water cut off her scream . 
 she had a brief impression of wavy limestone in flashes of light from the headlamp before she brought her slide to a halt , arms and legs splayed . 
 just below her was a drop-off . 
 janie crab walked down a few feet , peered over the edge . 
 across the way and twenty feet below , an underground waterfall thundered into a shallow pool that drained away through the rocks . 
 andrea lay in the water , motionless . 
 as janie watched , andrea raised herself on her elbows and feebly dragged herself toward the edge . 
 janie forgot about her own predicament . 
 somehow , she scrambled down , and in a flash she was there , squatting next to andrea . 
 andrea 's headlamp lay on the ground nearby . 
 janie estimated she had free-fallen about thirty feet . 
 `` we 're fucked . 
 we 're so fucked . 
 we 're so fucking fucked , '' janie muttered as she checked andrea over . 
 `` what hurts , andrea ? '' 
 `` everything . '' 
 `` okay . 
 that 's okay , '' janie lied . 
 `` we 'll just have to figure out how to get out of here . '' 
 `` yeah , right , '' andrea choked . 
 janie settled andrea on dry ground , then hovered awkwardly . 
 what to do next ? 
 `` i 'm gon na go look around , '' janie called over the roar of the waterfall . 
 `` just stay here for a sec . '' 
 andrea groaned . 
 `` i 'll be right back . 
 i promise . '' 
 `` you know the water is rising ? '' 
 andrea said at last . 
 `` what ? '' 
 janie bent to hear better . 
 `` because of the rain . '' 
 janie looked up . 
 the waterfall did look bigger and water lapped at andrea 's feet . 
 `` so you think -- '' andrea gave her the screw you stare . 
 `` why do you hate me so much ? '' 
 `` do you really want to drown , janie ? 
 we need to get out of here . '' 
 `` how , andrea ? '' 
 janie mimicked her sarcastic tone . 
 `` how are you gon na climb back up , huh ? '' 
 andrea sat shivering on the ground while janie prowled around , stumbling on silt-covered rocks . 
 she got on her knees , stuck her head in a narrow fissure . 
 the helmet fell over her eyes and scraped against the walls , so she tore it off and tightened the headlamp onto her bare head . 
 janie glanced back at andrea . 
 she 'd just check it out real quick , she told herself , and crawled in . 
 the roar of the water receded , replaced by the sound of her own breath and the beat of her heart . 
 just around the next corner , she kept telling herself . 
 then , i 'll go back to andrea . 
 time did strange things . 
 sped up , slowed down , spiraled , maybe even u-turned . 
 the ceiling rose and she found herself walking upright . 
 andrea would be waiting for her . 
 she knew that , but she could n't make herself turn around . 
 then she came to a dead end where rubble plugged the tunnel , floor to ceiling . 
 janie halted , stunned and shivering . 
 maybe there was some other passage . 
 maybe she 'd missed a turnoff . 
 this could n't all be for nothing , could it ? 
 she 'd felt so ... driven to come this way . 
 chapter 54 after ron disappeared under a heap of rubble and pete found himself running away , pete ran smack into roxy in the passage . 
 she bounced off his belly and threw herself forward again , rushing , rushing deeper into the cave . 
 `` what the fuck are you doing ? '' 
 he made a grab for her but missed . 
 only then did she seem to see him . 
 `` are you effing out of your mind ? '' 
 `` you ca n't stop me ! '' 
 she shouted , as she bounded into the darkness . 
 she only wore one shoe . 
 it did n't seem to slow her down . 
 `` fine . 
 you go then . 
 just go , '' he muttered . 
 he should chase after her . 
 save her . 
 or not . 
 he whirled around , took one step toward the exit , and the wall ahead of him collapsed . 
 it almost seemed to swoon at his feet . 
 he stood , stunned . 
 if he had n't stopped for roxy , maybe he would have made it out . 
 or maybe he 'd be dead . 
 dead or not , jeff was trapped underground , thousands of tons of rock between him and fresh air . 
 and because he 'd made a hash of his life , no one would care too much . 
 it was a proper punishment for his haphazard parenting , for not paying attention . 
 he should have protected mel , known where to search for her . 
 he should have torn down the wall and brought her home alive . 
 a vision of her dying alone and scared flashed before his eyes , over and over . 
 `` there must be another way , '' said roxy . 
 pete realized she was hunkered down next to him , talking . 
 how long had she been there , he wondered ? 
 she prattled on about her big plans . 
 complicated plans . 
 she did n't seem to get that it was hopeless . 
 she tugged on his arm , yelled in his face . 
 then she went away . 
 pete heard echoes of clattering rock , cursing , the spill of pebbles . 
 why all the activity , he wondered ? 
 where did she get the energy ? 
 and was n't the exit by him , not way back there in the tunnel where his daughter and ron had vanished under a pile of rubble ? 
 he felt roxy near him again . 
 we 're going to make it ! '' 
 she exclaimed . 
 `` only a couple of tons to go ! '' 
 `` you 're digging in the wrong effing place , roxy . 
 not that it matters . '' 
 `` do n't you want to be as one with the universe ? '' 
 `` effing hell . '' 
 `` even if you do n't want to , you could help me . 
 i 'm running out of time , and you look bored . '' 
 pete opened his eyes . 
 she held his flashlight . 
 she was coated in dirt and blood . 
 her clothes were torn . 
 her hair hung in ropes . 
 pete glowered at her until she went away . 
 then , as he sat there , he realized he might as well kill time until he died . 
 he straightened his aching knees and hobbled after roxy . 
 the ground trembled . 
 he heard rockfall . 
 roxy shouted , `` no , no , no ! '' 
 pete forgot his pain , his stiffness , threw off the last of his self-pity and ran toward the noise . 
 he stopped only to scoop up the discarded flashlight , still shining brightly . 
 as he approached , roxy 's shadowed form stumbled away and into a hail of falling stones . 
 screaming , she dove onto a heap of debris and squirmed deeper , deeper into the devastation . 
 it was melanie all over again . 
 hands to his head , pete danced from foot to foot , aching to run after her and pull her back , knowing it would be suicide . 
 pummeled by stones , still , she kept moving , inching away from him , until all he could see of her was her bloody bare foot . 
 a second later , that was gone . 
 the hail of stones paused . 
 he heard her muffled shout : `` yes ! '' 
 and then , `` nooo ! '' 
 a slab the size of a kitchen table crashed to the top of the debris pile . 
 when the rockfall finally ran its course pete crept forward and gingerly pawed at the rubble , trying not to set off another collapse . 
 she was gone . 
 `` oh , oh , oh , '' he said , over and over . 
 and then pete heard something . 
 he held his breath and stood stock still . 
 he heard it again . 
 muffled yelling : `` roxy ? 
 pete ? '' 
 `` hello ? 
 in here . '' 
 he trotted back along the wall , stopped and swept his flashlight beam over a crevice he 'd never seen before . 
 a big crack , created by the latest tremor . 
 dust escaped into it . 
 he leaned in , heard coughing . 
 janie 's voice said , `` thank god . '' 
 chapter 55 as janie led pete back through the labyrinth of tunnels toward the waterfall , that muffled , befuddled feeling melted away from her . 
 pete had told her the sad news about ron and roxy , and they were both subdued . 
 nevertheless , janie felt a tiny spark of hope . 
 she had found pete , and she knew the way back to andrea . 
 they just had to squeeze through that narrow fissure to the waterfall , then ... well , they 'd figure it out when they got there . 
 but as they lay on their stomachs and janie got another look at the narrow fissure , she realized they might have a problem . 
 while janie had been able to wriggle through earlier that day without too much trouble , pete outweighed her by almost a hundred pounds . 
 pete groaned , stuck his flashlight in the hole and panned it over the lumpy walls and ceiling . 
 `` turn around , '' he barked . 
 janie looked away while pete stripped to his boxers . 
 when she looked back , he had already wormed in head-first . 
 twenty minutes later he was stuck like a cork . 
 janie stared at the walls , listening to him curse , and wondered whether she was doomed to end her days trapped underground by pete 's pink , hairy body . 
 then the flow of expletives stopped . 
 a moment later , she heard a muffled hoot . 
 his voice carried through the gap . 
 `` i made it ! 
 effing hell ! '' 
 by the time janie stumbled upright in the calf-deep water at the base of the waterfall , spluttering and gasping , the landscape had changed dramatically . 
 rising water had rushed into the fissure as she wriggled through , flooding it . 
 there was no going back . 
 andrea slumped on a boulder surrounded by water . 
 spray from the waterfall filled the air . 
 pete gestured at the waterfall . 
 andrea pointed to the `` waterslide '' janie had tumbled down hours before . 
 pete shouted over the roar . 
 he 'd give janie a boost , he said . 
 she would climb up the waterslide and get help . 
 janie shook her head . 
 pete reared on her . 
 janie tried to step back , tripped , fell up to her neck in cold water . 
 `` what 's with you ? '' 
 `` i just do n't see the point , '' janie yelled as she scrambled upright , shivering . 
 `` it 's not going to work . 
 let 's say i do manage to climb all the way up , i 'm still going to be at the bottom of a shaft . 
 and then what ? '' 
 `` then i effing punch your lights out for being a pain in the ass . '' 
 she must have misheard him . 
 or maybe not . 
 this was pete she was talking to . 
 he said , `` you 're telling me you 've come this far , and you 're not willing to try because it might not work ? 
 you think we 're better off drowning ? '' 
 `` why do n't you do it ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 give me a boost . '' 
 as if . 
 he must have weighed two hundred pounds . 
 maybe two-twenty . 
 janie rolled her eyes . 
 why was it always her ? 
 she glanced toward andrea , a blood-stained ghost . 
 janie felt a low , panicked hum in her throat . 
 `` fine . 
 but it 's not going to work . '' 
 pete squatted down and janie clambered onto his back . 
 he straightened up as she held onto the rock wall for balance . 
 she got one foot on his bare shoulder , trembling , then the other . 
 ran her fingers over the rock , feeling for hand holds . 
 pete sagged and wobbled as she slowly , slowly stood straight . 
 pete grunted and grumbled . 
 her whole body shook in spasms of fear . 
 her fingertips just barely reached to the lip of the hole . 
 it was time to leave pete 's shoulders . 
 but what if she peeled off and tumbled over backward ? 
 her breath came in short gasps . 
 pete shook , too . 
 they were a trembling tower of humanity . 
 `` aargh ! '' 
 she crouched down and grabbed him by the forehead as she tipped over backward . 
 he barked a curse , stumbled . 
 she slithered down and splashed into the icy water . 
 he tripped and fell on top of her . 
 that was graceful . 
 they should try out for cirque du soleil . 
 now , the water was to janie 's hips . 
 janie and pete faced each other , panting . 
 then pete turned back to the wall . 
 janie took a deep breath , clambered up on his back again , stood on his shoulders , wobbling . 
 janie reached for the lip , wrapped her fingers around a sharp edge that she had n't noticed before . 
 before she could talk herself out of it , she swung up a leg , hooked her heel on a ledge , scrambled onto her knees . 
 half elated , half terrified , she peered upward , and in the yellowish beam of her headlamp , she saw a winding , narrow chute . 
 water poured on her helmet and scoured her eyes . 
 shit . 
 now came the hard part . 
 she straightened gingerly , reached up and ran her hands over the slimy walls . 
 nothing . 
 slick as snot . 
 janie closed her eyes and imagined she was someplace else . 
 back at home with lacey . 
 sitting on the sofa . 
 watching home improvement shows . 
 the panic subsided . 
 then , before common sense got ahold of her , she started clawing her way upward . 
 something draped down the shaft , water running over it in a torrent . 
 janie squinted . 
 it was charlie 's climbing rope . 
 a plan started to form in janie 's head : grab the rope , haul herself up , scream for help . 
 it could work , if she could only reach the rope . 
 janie 's legs trembled with exhaustion and her fingers had frozen into claws . 
 if she did n't move soon , she 'd fall no matter what . 
 she lunged for the tail of the rope , her fingers closed around it , then she fell . 
 and fell . 
 the plan was not panning out . 
 she cannonballed into the pool at the base of the waterfall . 
 icy water embraced her . 
 the back of her head crunched into something hard . 
 upward , she floated . 
 her face broke through the surface of the water . 
 as she sipped a tiny taste of air , the rope snaked down and slapped her in the face . 
 she heard shouting . 
 a blurry figure made its way toward her . 
 janie started to sink again , and as she drifted down and the roar filled her ears , she thought of the upside-down topsy-turvy . 
 maybe she would go there . 
 maybe it would be groovy . 
 she started to giggle and it made bubbles that tickled her eyelids . 
 aunt m 's voice jeered and wailed in the receding roar : `` all this time . 
 all this work . 
 and you throw it away ? '' 
 silence . 
 janie shivered . 
 something dug into her back . 
 her head pounded . 
 everything hurt . 
 janie inventoried her body . 
 no , there was a spot on her shoulder that did n't feel too bad . 
 kind of warmer than the rest of her . 
 she fought to get her eyelids open . 
 `` this is bullshit , '' she mumbled . 
 the warm spot left her shoulder . 
 a moment later , a dull glow illuminated the cave . 
 then the warm spot was back . 
 `` janie ? 
 it 's me , pete . '' 
 he shook her gently . 
 she took that in . 
 `` where 's aunt m ? '' 
 `` she 's not here , janie . 
 remember ? 
 the cave collapsed . '' 
 `` i was just talking to her . '' 
 pete patted janie 's shoulder . 
 `` do you think it was a dream ? '' 
 she asked at last . 
 he took a shaky breath and shrugged . 
 `` aunt m said i do n't have to die . 
 that bliss is always there , everywhere . '' 
 he clicked off the headlamp . 
 `` do you think that 's true , pete ? 
 'cause i do n't feel like it 's true . '' 
 he said , `` do you think you can swim a little ? '' 
 jesus , it was never ending . 
 `` i already swam . '' 
 `` you need to try , '' pete said quietly . 
 `` the water is still rising . '' 
 a thought occurred to janie : `` where 's andrea ? '' 
 `` she swam out , under water . '' 
 `` and you stayed with me ? '' 
 `` it 's a small crack and i 'm a big guy . '' 
 he turned on his headlamp again . 
 shined it below them . 
 the cavern was filled wall-to-wall with black water . 
 somehow , he had dragged her up on a ledge . 
 water lapped at their feet . 
 janie pulled herself upright . 
 the jagged ceiling grazed the top of her head . 
 the waterfall and the waterslide had vanished under the surface . 
 janie drew in a sharp breath . 
 how long had she been unconscious ? 
 `` i would n't even know which way to go . '' 
 pete aimed the light at a hank of orange rope wrapped around a horn of stone . 
 `` you just follow the rope , and there 's kind of a current . 
 it pulls you through where i got stuck earlier . '' 
 `` and how do you know it 's any better on the other side ? 
 did andrea come back and tell you so ? '' 
 he shrugged again . 
 `` so she might have drowned , then ? '' 
 `` i 've been thinking about this for awhile , '' he said . 
 `` you have to try . '' 
 he handed her the headlamp . 
 but she did n't want to go . 
 not with pete 's hand on her shoulder , the rumble of his voice nearby . 
 `` i 'm not going unless you go , '' she said . 
 so it was that they plunged back into the frigid water , each took a painful last breath of air , and dove under . 
 janie followed the rope , hand over hand , down , down , through water as thick as jell-o . 
 her body begged for air . 
 her head spun . 
 the current picked her up . 
 she lost her grip on the rope and plunged forward . 
 the pressure crushed her ear drums . 
 the darkness was total . 
 the current sucked her into a hole , raked her against the walls while the world sparkled and popped , then suddenly she was free , drifting to the surface . 
 she brought a leaden arm out of the water and flailed for something solid while she gasped and choked . 
 her lungs felt full of sand . 
 her mind told her there was something wrong . 
 she had to do something . 
 oh , god , pete ! 
 she tried to shout his name . 
 it came out a mewling little kitten cry . 
 she took several deep , gurgling breaths , then dove back into the current , fought against it to the source , reached out and brushed something : pete 's hand ? 
 she came up for air . 
 only time for one big breath , then she dove and kicked and fought and found that hand again and pulled with everything she had , with strength she did n't know she had , and she felt as if the rock , the current , the gravity of the earth pulled with her , and suddenly she was above water again , hacking and wheezing and whimpering pete 's name as she shook him and hammered at his chest . 
 under her hands , he heaved and spewed water . 
 then he coughed , and it was the most beautiful sound she had ever heard . 
 she patted down her pockets , brought out the headlamp he 'd given her , flicked it on to illuminate a familiar passage . 
 they 'd made it through . 
 like zombies , they staggered through the tunnel . 
 where the tunnel dead-ended near the crypt they found andrea , curled in a ball on the floor . 
 together , janie and pete rolled boulders aside and scooped shattered rock , digging down into the crypt . 
 by the time their last light faded to nothing , they had cleared an opening . 
 janie wriggled in , and on the other side , she heard scraping and falling pebbles . 
 `` help , '' she whimpered , and started to cry . 
 the scraping sound paused . 
 `` gaaa ! '' 
 she sobbed . 
 well , it was n't a word , but at least it was loud . 
 then there was a flurry of scraping and pebbles , and ahead she saw a light . 
 janie wriggled toward the light , through the corkscrew crevice that she and roxy had fallen out of that day so long ago . 
 helping hands dragged her up , up to the fresh mountain air . 
 back above ground , near the cave 's upper entrance , janie sprawled on wet grass under the starry sky . 
 an icy wind whooshed around the valley , but where she lay , it just barely nipped at her runny nose . 
 next came pete , then andrea . 
 they huddled together in the cold as gary the artist and jeff spoke in low , urgent voices . 
 it turned out roxy was still alive , but she was in bad shape . 
 down below , charlie struggled to remove her from the cave . 
 an ambulance rocked and creaked up the rutted road , lights flashing and sirens off . 
 andrea cried silently next to janie . 
 she could hear the sniffles , could feel her shuddering breaths where their elbows touched . 
 janie put a gentle hand on her shoulder . 
 andrea flinched away . 
 janie wracked her brain for words of comfort . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she said at last . 
 `` what for ? '' 
 `` about your dad . '' 
 about mel and roxy and aunt m . 
 about all of their suffering and what a shitty place the world was . 
 all of it . 
 but mostly she was sorry about ron essing . 
 `` it 's not your fault , '' andrea choked . 
 `` it 's just what people say . '' 
 most people . 
 but not aunt m. aunt m had talked big about the void , about celebrating death rather than being sad . 
 she had wanted to go to that happy place , and maybe aunt m had finally got what she wanted . 
 maybe . 
 but the cost to the rest of them had been huge . 
 suddenly , a paramedic was at janie 's side , checking her over . 
 he wanted to bandage her up . 
 he wanted to take her to the hospital . 
 she shook him off . 
 andrea 's mother , nancy essing , arrived , puffing uphill , wrapped andrea in her arms and rocked her back and forth . 
 mrs. essing asked after aunt m , wanted to know whether janie was okay , put a warm hand on janie 's shoulder . 
 here she was , comforting janie , when by all accounts her husband was dead . 
 then janie remembered something that had n't made sense when she and roxy had explored the cave for the first time : `` roxy knew , '' she whispered to herself . 
 janie remembered how roxy had wanted to tear down the rock wall , had wanted a jackhammer . 
 roxy had been ranting , something about someone being trapped , and janie had blown her off . 
 perhaps , if janie had n't been so closed-minded , she could have prevented some of this destruction , some of this heartache . 
 perhaps . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' janie said again . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm sorry , i 'm sorry , i 'm so , so sorry . '' 
 chapter 56 the sky was the piss yellow of dawn when nancy essing dropped janie off at her taurus in the parking lot next to long shot , inc. . 
 the air smelled of ash . 
 firemen sprayed the woods behind the building . 
 the sheriff loitered next to his suv . 
 the crowd outside the casino was liquored up and rowdy : oblivious , all of them , to the real drama . 
 `` are you sure you 're okay ? '' 
 said mrs. essing . 
 `` yup . '' 
 `` you really should n't be alone . '' 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 you 've been really nice , but you should take care of andrea . '' 
 andrea had gone to the hospital in an ambulance , sitting bolt upright on the stretcher . 
 her leg was probably broken . 
 every inch of janie 's body ached as she climbed out of mrs. essing 's car and hobbled to her own . 
 janie fell into the driver 's seat , reached for her purse on the passenger seat to dig out the keys , then slumped back in her seat , exhausted . 
 i should be dead , she thought . 
 she felt a million years old . 
 in the mirror , she watched andrea 's mother leave for the hospital in boulder , then she leaned forward and opened the ash tray . 
 the suggestion of an eye peered up at her : the golden bear . 
 the family treasure . 
 the curse . 
 she slammed it shut again and turned the ignition . 
 the car hiccupped to life , and janie drove back to her dog , her home . 
 yes , she was alive , but she did n't feel like it . 
 chapter 57 a month later , janie stood in the snow by the cave 's upper entrance , breathing deeply to get her courage up . 
 the air was icy and clean . 
 no hint of that peculiar dirty cookies odor that used to muddle her mind and slow her step . 
 still , she had to force herself to climb down through the bars into the cavern . 
 it was awkward in her winter boots . 
 her fleece mittens froze to the rock . 
 this time , she 'd brought a huge flashlight to light her way , but as she forced herself to put one foot in front of the other , everything outside of its sunny glow seemed foreign and threatening . 
 as she neared the shaft , she stopped and pulled the golden bear out of her jacket pocket . 
 she had planned to have a ceremony , to think profound thoughts , to heal , to say goodbye to aunt m and ron and the girl she 'd never known who had been pete 's daughter , to wish them well in the world beyond . 
 but all of that flew out of her head when she crept to the edge of the shaft . 
 icicles like giant teeth lined its mouth . 
 janie lost her footing on the thin sheen of ice and nearly fell . 
 her heart raced as she imagined skidding over the edge and tumbling to her death . 
 no one knew she was there . 
 no one would even look for her for months . 
 in two weeks , she 'd only had one phone call . 
 a wrong number , probably . 
 a man 's voice had said `` sorry , '' and then he 'd hung up . 
 janie had tried to find meaning in that . 
 was it george , apologizing for the end of their little affair ? 
 was it pete , too shy to talk ? 
 maybe her dad , trying to reach her from behind the veil ? 
 or was it just some person , some random person , who 'd misdialed and had no idea he 'd been the highlight of janie 's week ? 
 janie took one last glance at the bear and pitched it into the abyss . 
 it clacked off the ice and clattered down the shaft . 
 then she fled . 
 chapter 58 the atmosphere was almost carnival . 
 a young woman sold kettle corn from a cart . 
 parents restrained excited children by their hands . 
 roxy and charlie 's friends tore open a 12-pack of pabst blue ribbon . 
 roxy was there in a wheelchair , looking pale and a little confused . 
 charlie bent to tuck her blanket around her legs . 
 janie tried not to stare . 
 people seemed to think roxy would recover completely . 
 janie was n't so sure . 
 roxy 's bounce was gone . 
 even though janie should have been at the center of it all on this day , she felt an invisible wall between her and the rest of humanity . 
 it was n't supposed to feel that way , was it ? 
 lacey bucked in surprise when she saw pete , then galloped forward , tail pumping so hard she skittered sideways . 
 unlike lacey , janie had suspected she might run into him here . 
 she realized she 'd kind of been looking forward to it . 
 part of her had hoped : a dull hope , not a shiny optimistic hope . 
 pete bent down to fondle lacey 's ears , then strolled up , grinning . 
 actually grinning ! 
 `` i was hoping i 'd see you here , '' he said . 
 her mouth melted into a matching grin . 
 `` me too , '' she blurted . 
 oh , crap . 
 now her eyes were welling up . 
 why ? 
 why ? 
 `` how 's your , ah , jeff ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` dad is good . 
 i 'm in the septic business now . 
 you know , port-o-potties . 
 he helps with that . 
 and he sold a couple of sculptures . 
 people seem to like them . '' 
 lacey pawed him in the thigh and he bent down to scratch her again . 
 janie gazed through the chain link fence at the abandoned building , the soot stains , the broken windows , the worn sandstone . 
 the road was blocked off and the casino was closed for the day . 
 janie glanced at her watch . 
 any second now . 
 she scanned the street to make sure everyone was out of the way . 
 roxy 's friends started a countdown . 
 pete reached over and slowly , carefully , rested his hand on her shoulder . 
 boom ! 
 lacey yelped and cowered into janie 's knees . 
 another boom , and the ruins of the old long shot hotel crumbled inward in slow-motion . 
 pete gave her a quick squeeze . 
 she could n't take her eyes off the hotel . 
 she 'd stopped breathing . 
 in a matter of seconds , it was over . 
 around them , people were cheering and whistling . 
 `` awesome ! '' 
 said one of the beer drinkers . 
 they clinked their cans together . 
 `` woohoo ! '' 
 one last , tardy shout . 
 a cloud of sulfurous dust roiled their way , enveloped the spectators , the casino , blanked out the mountainside for a moment . 
 then people were folding up their lawn chairs , walking away , starting their cars . 
 still , janie lingered , eyes locked on the pile of rubble where the hotel had just stood , feeling the luxury of pete 's hand on her shoulder , lacey 's warm flank pressed against her legs . 
 what was next , she wondered ? 
 money was n't a problem , thanks to aunt m , but now that it was all over , she had to decide what she wanted to do with her life , and that was such a lonely feeling . 
 pete leaned into her field of vision , scowling . 
 it was the friendly scowl , not the angry one . 
 `` i hear you 're going to college in the fall . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` well , maybe you could come around on weekends , spend some time with us ... we could fight like a real family . '' 
 she snorted , turned her head away , and when she was sure she would n't cry , she mumbled , `` that would be good . '' 
 ### if you 've enjoyed this book , please consider reviewing it online ! 
 also by jennifer erickson : what i dreamt last night 
