 nine lives of adam blake by ryan gladney copyright 2014 ryan gladney smashwords edition table of contents one two three four five six seven eight acknowledgements about the author one adam blake died for the first time late in the evening on february 11 , 2010 , on a quiet strip of freeway between the downtowns of minneapolis and saint paul . 
 the night was cold , with a light snowfall and a thin layer of fresh snow that covered the dark road and the low urban buildings that stretched along either side of it . 
 adam drove his silver audi s4 down the freeway 's center lane , his eyes straining to focus beyond the windshield framed with fog to the white painted lines that stretched out before him . 
 he was very drunk . 
 for miles he was alone . 
 the buildings on both sides of the freeway were idle and dark , and there were no other cars on the road . 
 adam was not accustomed to driving while intoxicated , despite the frequency with which he drank over the final months of his original life . 
 on most nights he drank alone , pacing his living room with a bottle in one hand and his phone in the other , dialing tamar and filling her voicemail with regrettable messages . 
 on other nights he drank with coworkers , comfortably anonymous amid a herd of clean-shaven young men with crisp hair and crisp suits , sipping dark cocktails and eyeing women from their prominent place in the center of whatever bar was theirs for the night . 
 when adam grew bored of his coworkers -- or , more truthfully , when an evening spent upholding good posture and a bright , corporate smile seemed simply too much to endure -- he drove to saint paul and visited his sister ruthie , bartender at the ugly loon , a plain little neighborhood pub known mainly for stiff drinks and unpleasant restrooms . 
 ruthie 's apartment across the street from the loon had an old couch where adam slept whenever her generous pours got the best of him , which was often . 
 the night of his original death had been one such occasion . 
 he had fallen asleep at ruthie 's apartment and later that evening dragged himself off the couch and stumbled to his car , overcome by a sudden impulse to find his way home and sleep in his own bed . 
 he had driven about halfway , with the lights of the minneapolis skyline rising into view , when the futility of this scheme occurred to him . 
 his head was heavy , and a woozy tightening in his stomach made it difficult to sit up straight . 
 adam lowered the automatic windows and let the crisp winter air whip through the car and lash against his face . 
 he shook his head , felt the numbness of his cheeks wobble back and forth , and groaned . 
 `` oh , shit , '' he said . 
 adam took his eyes off the road for a moment to check his speed , and something bright caught his eye on the passenger seat beside him . 
 it was his phone , illuminated fluorescent blue with a missed-call notification . 
 he reached for it , lifted it to the steering wheel , and squinted at the blurry mess of glowing letters until something legible emerged : missed call : tamar núñez adam made a noise somewhere between a yelp and a hiccup , and he forgot the snow-covered road that stretched out before him and the alcohol slushing through his veins . 
 he drew the phone closer and mouthed the words aloud . 
 `` tamar . '' 
 he smiled . 
 he swiped at the phone with his thumb to call her back , but his broad fingers were still drunk and mainly useless , and he promptly dropped the phone between the driver 's seat and the car 's center console . 
 `` shit ! '' 
 he said again . 
 he reached down into the crevice , sliding his hand back and forth and stealing glances down there more often than he should . 
 his other hand steadied the car between the broken white lines of the freeway 's center lane . 
 for a quarter of a mile this was successful , but for no matter . 
 soon a pair of bright , yellow headlights appeared from behind a curve ahead , growing larger as adam drew nearer . 
 he saw the truck but ignored it , protected as he was by the freeway divider . 
 the truck honked though , once , and then urgently again , and its headlights began to flash . 
 adam sat up . 
 `` what ?! '' 
 he shouted , and was immediately blinded by the truck 's headlights . 
 there was barely time to flinch . 
 the accident was loud and sudden . 
 adam 's silver s4 compressed like an accordion against the truck 's front grill ; its windshield shattered , the engine erupted , and adam dissolved in a fiery fusion of metal , plastic , glass , and bone . 
 for one loud and violent moment on that empty strip of freeway , the cold , quiet air and careless , falling snow were usurped ; there was nothing but the heat of the crash and the deep , constant cry of the truck 's horn , frozen in place after the collision and echoing off the nearby buildings and trees . 
 the door of the truck 's cab opened , and the driver stumbled out and collapsed onto the powdered ground . 
 he was a wide man whose belly pressed against his white shirt and overalls and steam rose off his bare red arms . 
 he stood up and limped over to the remains of adam 's car . 
 `` oh god , oh jesus , oh god , '' he said . 
 he returned to the truck 's cab , following the footprints he had left in the snow . 
 the truck 's horn was deafening , but the driver climbed back in the cab , reached for the radio , and called for help . 
 adam thanked god that the driver appeared unharmed . 
 the accident had sobered him up well : the wooziness and headache were gone , as was the manic compulsion to find his phone and reach tamar . 
 he surveyed the scene : the burning remains of his car ; the flatbed truck packed high with logging timber ; the inconsolable trucker ; the soft , floating snow that enveloped it all . 
 it became clear to him that he had been driving down the wrong side of the freeway . 
 he reached into the truck 's cab and touched the driver on the shoulder . 
 he apologized , begged for forgiveness , but the driver did n't respond . 
 instead , the large man set the radio down to its place on the dashboard , and his head collapsed into a pair of thick , trembling hands . 
 adam realized then that he was not , in fact , in the truck 's cab with the man . 
 not entirely , in any case . 
 he was with the man , but he was also elsewhere : on the couch in ruthie 's apartment across the street from the ugly loon ; in the remains of his burning car ; at the foot of tamar 's bed as she turned her light off for the night . 
 he was elsewhere and everywhere , but focused mainly at a single location -- drifting in the air over the freeway , a few yards above the accident . 
 the cool wind rushed through him and the snow paid him no mind . 
 he felt himself begin to rise . 
 he looked to the sky above , one vast , gray cloud scattering snow from one horizon to another , and he ascended toward it . 
 the truck 's horn faded and the sky grew black . 
 soon , the wind ceased and so did the snow . 
 adam looked down , toward the accident , and saw a darkness burgeoning at the horizons . 
 black , shadowy stuff moved like a flood of molasses and crept slowly inward . 
 it swallowed the buildings , dimmed the streetlights , covered the trees and frozen ponds . 
 it engulfed the truck and its driver and finally the burning wreckage of adam 's own car . 
 soon all was black , the darkness everything -- vast , permanent , and empty as a void . 
 adam went deeper into it still . 
 then , unexpectedly , it withdrew . 
 adam felt a sudden jerk , as if caught by a fishing hook that pulled him out of the darkness and down toward the accident scene . 
 the city lights emerged below and the darkness retreated to the horizons . 
 adam was pulled past the clouds and the buildings , down to the empty freeway , into the car 's burning remains . 
 he felt the hot metal press in around him , and he was pulled further still , now in time rather than space . 
 he saw the oncoming truck , honking its horn and flashing its bright headlights . 
 he fumbled with his keys , dropping them in the cold grass on the way to his car from ruthie 's apartment . 
 he and ruthie tipped back a shot of bourbon in an empty corner of the ugly loon . 
 he snuck off to the restroom and left a message for tamar . 
 he had dinner , last week , with judah and wayne . 
 `` seriously , '' wayne said , `` you have to stop , adam . 
 keep bothering her like this and she 's gon na call the cops or something . '' 
 `` yeah , '' judah added , `` or i 'll just fucking kill you . '' 
 adam was dragged further , through his breakup with tamar , their fights , and their first night together . 
 he went on business trips . 
 he earned his mba . 
 he ignored a phone call from his father , the last he ever received . 
 he was pulled through every tooth flossed and commercial watched and date sabotaged and opportunity missed , as if dragged against his will along a rough gravel road where past mistakes and failures were the bumps and ditches and cracks . 
 he went to college , high school , track meets , and family dinners . 
 he teased ruthie . 
 he wandered the grounds of timber bay cabins and lodge with a black nikon f90 hung from a strap around his neck , shooting birds ' nests and squirrels and distant deer and misty sunsets over lake superior . 
 the scenes raced by one by one -- nothing skipped or overlooked -- until they stopped , suddenly , just before passing adam 's twelfth birthday . 
 he opened his eyes . 
 he was alive . 
 his vision was blurred , and he was in a soft , white place with lights so bright they burned his eyes even when shut . 
 slowly , he perceived faint movements in the cloudy forefront of his vision . 
 he blinked and strained his eyes in the light , and a wavy outline of a human figure emerged before him . 
 the figure spoke to him in a muffled voice , taking his hand and drawing close . 
 adam 's vision improved enough to determine that the figure was female . 
 she was tall and thin with long , blonde hair that faded into the whiteness around her . 
 she was laughing , or crying ; adam could n't tell which , but it seemed to come from a place of joy . 
 she leaned forward and kissed him on the forehead . 
 when she withdrew , adam gasped . 
 with his vision now adjusted to the light around him , adam saw his mother , dead three years from cancer , now healthy and bright and young . 
 `` mom ? '' 
 he asked in a broken voice , so weak the word hardly left his lips . 
 she smiled and wiped a tear from her face . 
 `` it 's me , baby , '' she said . 
 adam 's mother had been so sick for so long that he had forgotten how beautiful she had been in her youth . 
 now she stood before him -- tall , thin , and young , with radiant blonde hair and skin that was perfect and smooth . 
 she touched his face . 
 `` oh , god . '' 
 his parched throat hurt to speak . 
 `` i missed you -- so much , '' adam said . 
 `` i 'm -- i 'm so sorry . '' 
 three years earlier , adam had been at a conference in orlando when he received the message from ruthie that mom had taken a turn for the worse . 
 ruthie begged him to come home , but he gave his presentation as planned that afternoon and booked a flight home the next morning . 
 his mother had died during the night . 
 adam had never forgiven himself , and neither had his father . 
 `` it 's okay , '' she said . 
 `` you 're safe now . 
 you 're with me . '' 
 adam wished to embrace her , but he found that his body was weak , sore , and bruised . 
 his skin was dry and burnt , and he realized , for the first time , that he had been straining just to breathe . 
 he noticed all of this , and the bed where he lay , and the tubes that pinched his nose , and the noise -- a dull , mechanical beep to his left -- that had been running just below the fog of his awareness . 
 his mother held his hands in hers and admired him for a moment . 
 she turned toward the place she had first appeared , which adam now saw as a white door in a white room , leading out to a hallway draped in fluorescent yellow light . 
 a flurry of movement beyond the door caught adam 's attention . 
 he squinted and saw people racing quickly back and forth , some in white gowns and others in blue . 
 `` doctor ! '' 
 adam 's mother cried out toward the hallway . 
 `` doctor , he 's awake ! '' 
 on adam 's thirtieth birthday , six months before his original death , he offered his driver 's license to the bouncer sitting on the black stool outside the triple rock social club in cedar-riverside . 
 the bouncer was a large block of a man , with a lumberjack beard and thick headphones to muzzle the club 's loud music and the laughing , shouting patrons waiting in line outside . 
 it was a hot night in early august , with humidity that presses at your eyes and sticks in your throat , and the skinny , tattooed young men and women waiting in line wore tank tops , short shorts , and little else . 
 adam had worked late that night and was still dressed in his work clothes -- a smooth shirt , grey slacks , and black , polished shoes . 
 he had left his sports coat and tie in the car . 
 the bouncer on the stool wore black : boots , pants , and zipped-up hoodie . 
 he read an old paperback with rough edges and a picture of a spaceship on the cover . 
 when adam offered his id , the bouncer glanced at it briefly and then returned to his book and nodded at the door . 
 `` happy birthday , brother , '' he said . 
 once inside the club , adam slipped through the crowd to the side room where there were fewer people and heavy brick walls softened the music . 
 `` adam ! '' 
 ruthie yelled from the back of the room . 
 she leapt from her booth and wrapped him in a hug . 
 `` happy birthday to you happy birthday to you happy birthday dear adam happy birthday to you . 
 yay ! 
 now come sit down , brother dearest . 
 we have shots . '' 
 adam followed ruthie to the booth at the room 's far corner . 
 `` i like your hair , '' he said . 
 `` thanks ! '' 
 `` i told her she looks like billy idol , '' said one of the two young men waiting for them at the booth . 
 he was small , with combed red hair and eyes like a doe . 
 ruthie sat next to him and punched him on the shoulder . 
 `` what ? 
 billy idol 's hot as hell , '' he said . 
 `` gross , '' ruthie said . 
 `` i swear to god you have the worst taste in men . 
 adam , you remember this asshole , right ? '' 
 `` yeah , of course . 
 hi wayne , '' adam said and waved . 
 `` hi . 
 happy birthday , adam , '' said wayne . 
 `` you know , you do n't look a day over thirty . '' 
 `` i 'm not a day over thirty . 
 not until tomorrow , at least . '' 
 `` oh , right , '' said wayne . 
 he moved stray bangs from his eyes . 
 `` well , hey , this is judah , by the way . '' 
 adam nodded at the guy seated next to him , who was tall and strong and had olive skin and a face of sharp angles . 
 `` nice to meet you , '' they said together . 
 adam sighed . 
 he was still flushed from the walk between his car and the front door , and he felt self-conscious as the only one here dressed in business attire . 
 he lifted a napkin and patted sweat from his forehead . 
 the other three sat there and stared at him expectantly , awaiting some clever birthday proclamation , or at least permission to tip back their drinks . 
 `` so , '' adam said , `` this place -- '' `` not your scene , i know , '' said ruthie , `` but there 's cheap drinks , good music , and a ton of cute guys , so ... '' `` you know me too well , sis . '' 
 adam reached for a basket of chips at the center of their table . 
 five shot glasses filled to the brim with dark purple liquid surrounded the basket . 
 `` five shots ? '' 
 adam asked . 
 `` is someone else joining us , or are one of you lushes thirstier than usual ? '' 
 `` yeah , judah 's sister tamar is here too , '' wayne said . 
 `` she 's in the bathroom . '' 
 `` oh , '' said adam . 
 `` she 's super hot , '' ruthie said , speaking loudly now and swaying a bit in her seat . 
 `` you guys are totally gon na fall in love and have like a thousand babies and it 's all gon na be because auntie ruthie knows what 's up and got you all together here on this night . 
 just wait , man . '' 
 adam nodded and ate a handful of chips . 
 he wondered how many drinks he was behind ruthie and the others . 
 `` sounds great , '' he said . 
 `` hey , here she comes , '' said wayne . 
 adam turned to face the bathrooms in the back of the bar and saw a girl slip through the crowd of people and wave in their direction . 
 she was tall and thin , with judah 's complexion , and she wore tight black jeans , black boots , and a thin white shirt that hung loose below her collarbone . 
 she moved lightly through the crowd , as if dancing , like actress on a stage accustomed to the eyes of strangers and aware that every step and smile was partially for show . 
 tamar walked across the room to the bar where she greeted a girlfriend with a touch on the arm and a kiss on the cheek , and adam watched . 
 he watched her embrace friends , tap her boots to music hardly audible over the noise that filled the bar , and laugh a loud , red , unapologetic cackle that hushed all those who occupied the space around her . 
 when she ordered a drink , she stood on her toes and leaned across the bar and when she waved at the bartender her shirt rode up her midriff and adam could not look away . 
 `` ha ha ! 
 i fucking knew it ! '' 
 ruthie said , and adam blushed . 
 `` so how about we get started on those drinks ? '' 
 he asked , shifting attention from his reddening face to the alcohol set before them . 
 ruthie pushed a shot glass in front of him and then others to judah and wayne . 
 `` just so you know , '' adam said quietly , `` i really ca n't stay too late . 
 early morning at work tomorrow . '' 
 ruthie sat cross-legged on the booth and grinned as if playing truth-or-dare with middle-school friends behind a closed bedroom door . 
 `` no way man , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm not letting you off that easy . 
 it 's your thirtieth birthday , and damn it you 're gon na celebrate this thing appropriately whether you want to or not . '' 
 `` ruthie ... '' she lifted a shot glass and swung it forward , spilling a bit although seeming not to care . 
 `` a toast : to my big brother , adam . 
 i love you , man , but here 's to hoping your thirties are a bit more debaucherous than the decades that came before . '' 
 `` thanks , '' adam said . 
 `` to adam ! '' 
 said judah and wayne . 
 they tipped back their drinks , and the shot glass meant for tamar remained untouched . 
 the night went on . 
 the crowd grew dense , more shots were ordered , and every time adam hoped to leave someone pushed him back into the booth . 
 ruthie was in a loud mood , telling stories from adam 's and her youth and rarely stopping to breathe or let the others have a word . 
 adam laughed , and nodded , and listened a bit , but his attention was mainly elsewhere , as tamar remained at the bar 's far corner , surrounded by a growing circle of friends . 
 she set her cocktail down on the bar and lifted her arms to highlight a story she was telling , and adam saw thin , black lines of script tattooed down the underside of her forearm . 
 she flipped her long , black hair and another tattoo appeared , this one a large and detailed figure that stretched across her chest , up her shoulder , and along the side of her neck . 
 she laughed loudly and often and adam 's ears perked when she did . 
 `` jesus , just go talk to her , '' ruthie said . 
 `` it 's your birthday . 
 live a little ! 
 and if it goes horribly , it 's not like you 're going to remember anything tomorrow anyway . '' 
 `` i have n't had that much to drink , '' adam said . 
 he hiccupped . 
 `` have i ? '' 
 `` what the hell do you have to lose ? 
 right judah ? 
 should n't adam go hit on your sister over there ? '' 
 ruthie asked . 
 judah shrugged and lifted his drink . 
 `` i 'd say he 's better off letting sleeping dogs lie , but that 's not really in the spirit of things tonight , is it ? '' 
 `` whatever , you weirdo , '' ruthie said . 
 `` adam , do it . '' 
 `` okay , fine . 
 but if i do , will you lay off me a bit ? '' 
 adam said . 
 `` i 'm having fun tonight , ruthie . 
 you do n't have to push me . 
 this , right here , is my perfect amount of fun . '' 
 `` but you could have more ! '' 
 ruthie said . 
 `` i do n't want more . 
 i 'm better at fun when it 's kept in moderation . '' 
 `` ugh , fine , '' ruthie said . 
 `` you have to get her number , though . 
 get her number , and i 'll leave you alone for the rest of the night . '' 
 `` fair enough , '' adam said . 
 he stood slowly , using the table for support . 
 he finished his drink and ice fell from the glass and down his cheek and shirt . 
 he reached for a napkin , patted himself dry , collected tamar 's untouched shot , and went across the bar . 
 two the timber bay cabins and lodge occupies a quiet cove on lake superior , buffered on three sides by a forest of spruces and pines that stretches past the freeway in the west and grows thicker out toward the northern iron range , beyond the horizon and farther into canada and north dakota . 
 the water in the bay is clear and ice cold all summer long . 
 stand on the big rock that jets out of the forest like a peninsula at the bay 's southern cusp and drop a nickel into the cool water and you will see it all the way to the bottom , drifting slowly down in the calm , clear current and coming to rest on a bed of ancient limestone and taconite below . 
 as a boy , adam used to put on his jacket before breakfast and walk out to that rock with a pocketful of pebbles or coins . 
 the morning mist rose off the lake and swallowed him whole before it engulfed the lodge and slithered into the trees and up the ridge in the west . 
 adam grew up at timber bay , and he knew the surrounding forest well . 
 as a boy he spent hours alone there , wandering the trails , venturing off them , and snapping pictures with the black nikon f90 that hung from a strap around his neck as he tracked waterfowls and eagles and swiped leaves from low-hanging yellow birch branches . 
 on the day after his twelfth birthday , adam hiked up and across the one-lane highway west of timber bay and into the woods with a sandwich packed for lunch . 
 cassie blake watched from a wooden bench on the lodge 's front porch . 
 her blonde hair was pulled back in a lazy bun and she wore one of her husband 's t-shirts tucked into old jeans . 
 she hugged a large coffee mug close to her chest . 
 the morning was warm with a bright sun and a cool breeze coming off the lake ; cassie slumped back into the wooden bench and let the wind stroke her face and wake her . 
 far up the ridge , adam reached the woods , his small form now a speck against the distant trees . 
 he turned , waved , and lifted the camera to his eye . 
 cassie stood and waved back . 
 her place there on the front porch overlooked a dirt parking lot crowded with the cars of overnight guests . 
 pickups , minivans , and suvs stretched out before her in tight rows , covered in a light layer of frost that melted in the morning sun . 
 as adam disappeared into the trees , cassie stood there , gazing idly beyond the parking lot to the forest in the west . 
 she finished her coffee slowly . 
 at timber bay , the hours between cassie 's morning coffee and a late dinner were reserved for work . 
 she ordered supplies and food for the kitchen , reviewed staff schedules , assisted the front desk , and managed the housekeeping and landscaping crews . 
 when she saw her family , it was for fleeting moments . 
 she stole glances and subtle touches with her husband , david , in the hallways of the lodge , his heavy maintenance belt jangling as he lumbered down the halls between repairing a door hinge and draining a clogged pipe . 
 her daughter , ruthie , was only spotted from afar , playing tag or hide-and-seek with the lodge 's youngest guests , often out in the wide green field that overlooked lake superior . 
 adam was rarely seen at all . 
 when not at school , he spent his days venturing deep into the woods that surrounded timber bay . 
 he was her adventurous one , her explorer , and the pictures he brought back from his treks across their northern landscape were framed and hung throughout the halls of the lodge . 
 that evening , cassie walked a half-mile down the dirt path that lead from the main lodge to a row of small , log cabins at the property 's edge . 
 the southernmost cabin , heron cottage , was her family 's home , and the only accommodation at timber bay with permanent residents . 
 she prepared dinner and sat at the table with david and ruthie , who were tired and hungry and streaked with sweat after a day in the summer heat . 
 adam 's seat was empty . 
 `` something 's wrong , dave , '' cassie said after dinner , standing on the front porch under the yellow light of an overhead lantern . 
 `` he never lets us worry like this . '' 
 she looked out at the forest , now black and obscure except for the outline of treetops against a star-littered sky . 
 david set his beer on a wooden post and wrapped his arms around her waist . 
 `` yeah , '' david said . 
 `` yeah , i 'm sure he 's fine though hon. adam , he knows those woods better than just about anyone , even the guides . 
 probably just went a bit farther out than expected . '' 
 david kissed the side of cassie 's neck , but she gave no response . 
 `` do n't worry babe , okay ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` you get some rest tonight . 
 i 'll go have a look around , and i 'll wake ya when i bring him home . '' 
 david went out to the woods that night with volunteers from the kitchen staff . 
 they went under the canopy of trees , swinging their flashlights left and right , calling adam 's name and hearing nothing in return but their own echoes and the crack of dry leaves underneath their feet . 
 the next morning david called sheriff morris . 
 a statement was made on local radio and a helicopter brought up from duluth . 
 adam 's face was on the news that night , and soon much of northeast minnesota had heard of the missing boy . 
 cassie did n't sleep . 
 at night she stood on the front porch wrapped in an old quilt , peering out at the dark woods in the west . 
 by day she paced the grounds at timber bay and hiked along the western ridge . 
 she endlessly called adam 's name . 
 she found herself in his room , opening his closet door , peaking under his bed , as if this were all some big , awful game of hide-and-seek . 
 she looked in the tool shed , in the laundry room , in every cabin and guestroom . 
 days went by and she did no work . 
 she ignored david and ruthie and the daily search-party updates . 
 the knot that formed in her stomach the first night adam was gone had spread ; every bone and limb and muscle ached with dread and feared the worst , and still she searched on . 
 she followed adam 's hike up the ridge and wandered the same paths a hundred times . 
 it was senseless and unbearable and constant . 
 on wednesday , four days after cassie had watched him wave good-bye from the lodge 's front porch , a pair of hikers found adam , unconscious , three miles east of the wolfork trail , his small body stretched out across the forest lawn and covered in cold morning dew . 
 a helicopter lifted adam sixty miles south to two harbors lutheran hospital . 
 there was frostbite , hypothermia , and head trauma . 
 tests were performed , samples taken , an iv drip placed in his vein , and adam slept through it all . 
 a doctor sat with cassie and david in the visitors ' room at the icu , leaned forward in his chair , and said there was simply no telling how long the coma would last . 
 david went home to care for ruthie and run the lodge while cassie remained at adam 's side . 
 for two days in that cold , sterile hospital room she read to him , talked to him , and prayed for him , but mainly she sat quietly and watched , hoping to catch him stretch or rustle or flicker his eyes in his sleep . 
 but there was nothing . 
 adam simply laid in his hospital bed , his skin pale and face unmoving , softly breathing in and out . 
 cassie received a phone call from david : she had been gone too long , he said . 
 ruthie was scared and needed her mother and it was time for her to come home . 
 cassie agreed to return , at least for dinner and a night 's rest in her own bed . 
 she hung up the phone at the reception desk and drifted like a ghost through bright hospital hallways lit with yellow fluorescent light . 
 when she stepped inside adam 's room , she saw him squint at the sudden influx of light . 
 he squinted ! 
 cassie was certain . 
 she stood breathless in the doorway and looked across the room at her son . 
 a moment later , a frown crossed adam 's face . 
 he stretched his neck . 
 his eyes flickered . 
 cassie moved closer and sat next to him on the bed . 
 adam 's eyes were open now , dry and glossy and red . 
 cassie cried , leaned forward , and kissed him on the forehead . 
 when she withdrew , adam gasped . 
 `` mom ? '' 
 adam said in a broken voice , so weak the word hardly left his lips . 
 cassie smiled and wiped a tear from her face . 
 `` it 's me , baby , '' she said . 
 `` oh , god , '' adam said . 
 his chest heaved and his dilated eyes faded in and out . 
 `` i missed you -- so much , '' he said quietly . 
 `` i 'm -- i 'm so sorry . '' 
 cassie 's heart broke . 
 `` it 's okay , '' she said . 
 `` you 're safe now . 
 you 're with me . '' 
 she held his hands and admired her beautiful son . 
 the knot in her stomach was gone . 
 she felt light and free . 
 her baby was home . 
 she smiled at him . 
 cassie heard a swell of laughter from a pair of nurses walking down the hall behind her , and the ekg that read adam 's heart rate beeped at a quicker pace . 
 she remembered then that they were , in fact , in a hospital , and her son was in great pain . 
 she sat up and turned her head toward the door . 
 `` doctor ! '' 
 she cried toward the hallway . 
 `` doctor , he 's awake ! '' 
 * * * * * * * adam looked out the window from the backseat of his parents ' station wagon as cassie drove north along the narrow highway that hugged the coast of lake superior . 
 heavy fog from the lake obscured his view . 
 thick clouds overhead converged with the fog , and a soft patter of rain fell on the car 's roof and front windshield . 
 faint outlines of roadside structures emerged and vanished like ghosts behind the haze : a small bait-and-lure shop with boarded windows and a sign that read open in red , peeling paint ; a stone lighthouse that rose high above the coast and emitted a faint signal across the water ; and great , dying mansions that stretched along the shore , built by lumber tycoons a century earlier but ignored and mostly vacant for decades since . 
 as these dim images emerged and receded from behind the veil of fog , so too did dormant memories from the back of adam 's mind . 
 he recalled the particular discomfort of this weathered seatbelt against his collarbone and chest . 
 he remembered a visit to this lighthouse on a school fieldtrip . 
 it had been a cold day in the fall , and he had climbed up the high cobblestone tower and looked out over the forest and its autumn cloak of reds , yellows , oranges , and greens . 
 he had taken a picture from up there . 
 it was his mother 's favorite , and she had hung it above her desk in the office off the main lobby . 
 the station wagon slowed as it approached a gravel path on the right-hand side of the freeway . 
 the wagon turned , and adam saw a large , wooden sign , partially hidden behind an outgrowth of trees . 
 in white , hand-carved letters the sign read : timber bay cabins and lodge . 
 cassie turned to face adam . 
 `` welcome home , '' she said . 
 in adam 's previous life , nearly a decade had passed since he last visited his childhood home . 
 now , returning there as a twelve-year-old boy , every step he took and room he entered aroused forgotten memories . 
 he drifted through heron cottage , and the main lodge , and the acres of ground that surrounded them , remembering : this was the shed in the garden where he hid from ruthie that day ; this was the stove where he burnt his hand as a child ; this was the tree that arched out over lake superior where the bald eagle made its nest the summer before he left for college . 
 he spent hours on the big rock that jets out of the forest like a peninsula at the bay 's southern cusp , dropping pebbles in the clear water as he had countless times before . 
 in his bedroom , he stood at his closet and sifted through clothes . 
 each t-shirt and pair of shoes summoned memories of hikes and recess games at school . 
 there was a large mirror mounted on the wall behind adam 's dresser , and he looked at his reflection often . 
 at first it startled him , this constant reminder of his strange return to youth . 
 gone were the wrinkles along his eyes and stray grays that peppered his short blonde hair . 
 his skin was rosy , soft , and smooth . 
 his shoulders were so small . 
 he looked in that mirror and saw his own face , his young face , without the cracks and blemishes and wrinkles inherited from thirty years of laughter and anger and regrets . 
 he felt naked , in a way ; he felt incomplete , like a blank canvas to be filled with the marks and etches of a life not yet lived . 
 one morning late that first summer , it rained and adam sat with ruthie playing video games in the second floor loft that overlooked the kitchen . 
 `` how long were you asleep in your coma ? '' 
 ruthie asked without prompt . 
 `` i do n't know , ruthie . 
 a couple of days or something , '' adam said . 
 he hated to admit this , but he had already grown tired of ruthie 's constant company . 
 the adults at timber bay -- his parents among them -- had approached adam with sympathy and caution since his return from the hospital . 
 they ignored his early confusion and his strange behavior , and they allowed him the freedom to recover on his own . 
 ruthie , on the other hand , showed no such compassion . 
 she teased adam , pranked him , and waited for retaliation , continuing a routine of sibling skirmishes that began long before his disappearance in the woods . 
 one afternoon she proudly called him stupid when he failed to remember the name of a friend who had come to visit . 
 she shadowed him often , trailing along as he went for quiet walks through the timber bay grounds , pestering him with questions about his disappearance until cassie came and shooed her away . 
 in adam 's previous life , ruthie had been his best friend . 
 she was his closest confidant , his moral arbitrator , his psychotherapist who listened well and prescribed good whiskey when things came to that . 
 he had simply failed to remember that , long ago , she had also been a bratty little shit who never left him alone . 
 `` well , no , i went missing on a saturday , '' adam said , correcting himself , `` and i did n't wake up until friday . 
 so i guess i was out a whole week then . '' 
 on the television screen across the room , adam 's mario character ran into a beetle and died . 
 ruthie reached for her controller . 
 `` you really do n't remember anything ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i really do n't . '' 
 it was the truth . 
 adam had heard the story of his disappearance countless times during his previous life , but he had remembered almost none of it . 
 he vaguely recollected a summer month spent recovering from illness when he was young , and the sense that something had changed in his parents as a result . 
 adam 's memories of early childhood were full of adventure , with freedom to roam the woods and play as he pleased . 
 he was trusted and independent ; his parents granted him a level of autonomy unmatched by the other boys at his school . 
 his adolescent years , in contrast , were a constant struggle for freedom . 
 adam remembered his mother and father monitoring his whereabouts , vetting his friends , restricting activities , and panicking at every injury and illness . 
 their worry wore him down , and the caution they instilled in him lingered through adulthood . 
 he grew and became a man who rarely stepped beyond his own boundaries . 
 he stuck to routines , traveled safe routes , and clung to jobs and activities with predictable , stable outcomes . 
 `` did you have any dreams ? '' 
 ruthie asked . 
 `` in the coma ? 
 no , it does n't really work like that , i do n't think . '' 
 `` oh . 
 well , i had a dream . 
 it was a scary one . '' 
 `` yeah , what happened ? '' 
 adam asked . 
 ruthie pushed pause on the game and faced him . 
 `` in my dream , '' she said , `` there was this giant bird , and the bird came to my window at night and came in my room , and i knew in the dream that the bird took you away -- that 's why you were gone , not ` cause you were in the hospital , but because the bird took you -- and then the bird told me that he was gon na take me next , and then he opened his mouth , and there were all these teeth , like a shark 's teeth , and then i screamed , and then , '' ruthie breathed , `` i woke up . '' 
 `` scary stuff , '' adam said . 
 `` yeah . 
 you did n't have any dreams like that ? '' 
 `` with giant birds and shark teeth ? 
 no , i did n't . '' 
 ruthie considered this , shrugged , and unpaused the game . 
 she resumed her turn , holding the controller tight against her chest , lifting her shoulders and arms in concert with her little green character 's jumps and spins . 
 moments later her character fell off a ledge and died , and she stood and threw her controller on the floor . 
 `` damn it ! '' 
 she said . 
 `` hey , watch your mouth , ruthie . 
 mom would kill you if she heard you talk that way . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 ruthie asked . 
 `` you say it . 
 you say way worse stuff , too . 
 i 've heard you say damn , and motherf -- '' `` okay , jesus . 
 no more swearing for either of us , deal ? '' 
 adam said . 
 `` deal . '' 
 adam reached for his controller and began his turn . 
 with little effort or thought , he raced his character across a grassy , two-dimensional field and jumped over the beetle that had killed him on his previous life . 
 he collected an extra mushroom , and an extra brick of coins , and when he finished the level there was a fireworks display and victorious little tune . 
 he pushed pause . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 ruthie asked . 
 `` nothing really , i guess , '' adam said . 
 he tapped the controller against his palm . 
 `` it 's just kind of weird , when you think about it -- how mario does n't know , you know ? '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 ruthie asked . 
 `` i mean , like , i 've played this level a dozen times , right ? 
 that beetle killed me before , and i learned to jump over it . 
 i figured out where to grab the mushroom and the coins and all that stuff through trial and error . 
 i know what 's going on -- and what 's going to happen next -- because i 'm outside the game . 
 i 'm out here in the real world , dictating all these actions down to mario . '' 
 `` what 's dictating ? '' 
 `` mario has no idea , '' adam said . 
 `` he 's just a character in the game , going about his business as if that 's the whole story . 
 he 's totally oblivious to the fact that there have been countless iterations of himself before this one , each having failed in some particular way , providing me -- the player -- with a lesson i need to move on . 
 so i , like , compile all these lessons , and i keep improving each time i play , and eventually i learn enough to win . 
 to beat the game . '' 
 `` what are you talking about , adam ? '' 
 ruthie said . 
 `` i mean , what if that 's how it is ? 
 what if all of us -- you , me , everyone -- are just like mario ? 
 we 're inside the game , living out iteration after iteration of the same life , gradually improving but totally clueless to it all ? 
 maybe our soul or some part of us is outside the game , and it guides us through life based on all the information and lessons it has learned before ? 
 what if we have to , like , keep living the same life , until we live it correctly and move on to whatever 's next ? '' 
 ruthie thought for a moment . 
 `` no , that 's stupid , '' she said . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because . 
 mario 's not real , adam . 
 he does n't think . 
 he 's just a stupid little cartoon picture of a guy . 
 we 're not like that at all . 
 we do n't need anybody else with a controller telling us what to do , ` cause we think already . 
 we 're real people . 
 duh . '' 
 she tossed her controller on the couch and started down the stairs . 
 `` i need some ice cream , '' she said . 
 adam stared at the screen and wondered if this was it : the explanation for his strange return to youth . 
 he had failed to complete some important task the last time around -- or any number of tasks , more likely -- and had been sent back in time to give it another go . 
 the timing made sense : adam 's childhood , as far as he remembered , had been a success , but something had gone wrong in adolescence . 
 perhaps surviving the trauma in the woods was akin to adam 's furthest successfully completed level . 
 he was like mario , waking after each death at the starting point of his latest failed attempt . 
 he wondered what , exactly , he had been sent back to fix . 
 what decision or event was he was meant to change ? 
 where would he even start ? 
 ruthie came up the stairs with a bowl of ice cream . 
 `` hey ruthie ? '' 
 adam asked . 
 `` uh huh ? '' 
 `` listen , do n't ever let jake milson be your boyfriend , okay ? '' 
 `` jake milson ? '' 
 ruthie shrieked . 
 she put down her bowl , crossed her arms , and peered . 
 `` he is so gross adam , you do n't even know ! 
 why would he ever be my boyfriend ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' adam said . 
 `` i guess , maybe , because i let him take you to prom so we can use his parents ' cabin for the weekend . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` never mind . 
 just do n't ever go out with him , okay ? 
 he 's kind of an asshole . '' 
 `` yeah , '' ruthie said . 
 `` did you know that jake actually licked the floor in gym class because jaime gunderson bet him a dollar ? 
 ugh ! '' 
 she wrapped herself in her arms and pretended to spit . 
 `` so ! 
 gross ! '' 
 adam spent the remainder of the summer with this new hypothesis in mind , but life as a twelve-year-old boy at his parents ' home in northern minnesota offered few opportunities for the sort of momentous , life-changing shifts in destiny he assumed he was meant to pursue . 
 he did his chores , watched ruthie play in the field that looked over the lake , and waited for signs to point him toward his intended life . 
 in the fall , he returned to school . 
 the purpose of this second life continued to elude him . 
 adam remembered very few of his old classmates and friends , and he shared little in common with those he did . 
 he spent most of his time at school alone , jostling through narrow halls and raucous crowds of flannel-clad kids , seeking refuge in the library as often as he was able . 
 if not called upon in class , he was likely to go days without speaking a word . 
 months passed , and the monotony of middle-school began to wear him down -- classes , recess , homework , and bagged lunches in the white-brick room of kinetic kids with sweaty hands and a tendency to shout . 
 at lunch he sat at the far end of the table where his old friends always ate . 
 when the bell rang and called them back to class , adam left in a hurry , often overwhelmed and bored to death all at once . 
 at times , the lunchroom reminded him of the bars he used to frequent as an adult , with catcalls flung at nearby girls and bad jokes recycled for months on end . 
 it was unbearable then and now . 
 at least the bars had served scotch . 
 one day late in the fall , a boy named bryce hendersson tapped adam on the shoulder during math class . 
 adam turned and bryce slipped him a piece of paper folded in a tight triangle and adorned with red-ink hearts . 
 adam looked it over , unfolded it , and found a short note written inside : emmy thinks your cute . 
 - jess `` oh , god , '' adam said quietly to himself . 
 he turned to the back of the classroom , where emily lutherman and jessica osberg , both tall and freckled and hopelessly uninterested in math , giggled behind their hands and sunk deep into their chairs . 
 when emily saw him look , she turned red and hid her face with a flip of strawberry-blonde hair . 
 adam laughed . 
 in his previous life , receiving this note had been the singular highlight of his middle-school experience . 
 emily lutherman -- with her endless legs , strawberry hair , and slightly bucked teeth -- had been adam 's earliest and longest crush . 
 he remembered chasing her around the playground during lunch hour in kindergarten and sitting close at high-school football games just to watch her cheer . 
 when adam received this note a lifetime ago , he had returned home after school and hid it under a pile of comic books in the drawer beside his bed . 
 he pulled it out often , reading it again and again , analyzing and fantasizing over that brief bit of script . 
 but adam had been a quiet boy with a high voice and a nose that ran wild in moments of social duress , and he spent much of the next year actively avoiding his crush . 
 in his mind he imagined emily as his girlfriend , holding his hand between classes and watching movies at his house on friday nights . 
 in reality , he skipped school events that he thought she might attend , and he circumvented the halls that passed near her locker . 
 when he entered the classroom for math each day , he kept his eyes on the floor , hurried to his desk , and slouched into the folds of his sweatshirt once seated . 
 `` have we been distracted , mr. blake ? '' 
 said a loud , tobacco-scarred voice that startled adam from these memories . 
 he looked up and saw the math teacher , mrs. clausen , standing beside his desk , her arms folded over a big , impenetrable sweater . 
 `` no , mrs. clausen , '' adam said . 
 his voice squeaked , and the students around him laughed . 
 adam was surprised to find himself blush as a result . 
 `` shall i read the distraction aloud to the class ? '' 
 mrs. clausen asked . 
 the children cheered , and adam shoved the note deep into his pocket . 
 heat rose off his face and neck , and his hands went clammy in his lap . 
 what the hell ? 
 adam thought . 
 he reminded himself that he was , in fact , a grown man . 
 he did n't give a damn about this classroom of brats , this bully of a math teacher , or the affections of the tall , slouching girls in the back of the room . 
 but still , his body reacted as that of a twelve-year-old boy 's -- with sweat and nerves and racing heart -- intensifying with each moment and pair of eyes that watched him squirm beneath his desk . 
 `` i 'll pay attention . 
 i promise , '' adam said , and the children around him jeered . 
 adam felt the sudden urge to scream or run or burrow his face deep inside his shirt . 
 jesus , he thought , get over it , man . 
 he wiped a drop of sweat from the tip of his nose . 
 mrs. clausen rolled her eyes . 
 `` very well , '' she said and returned to the front of the room . 
 adam rubbed his hands across his face . 
 `` god damn , '' he said under his breath . 
 until that moment , he had forgotten the sudden torrents of emotion that came along with adolescence : the quick passions , the insecurities , and the often-overwhelming physicality of it all . 
 it became clear to him , then , that though his mind was that of a thirty-year-old man , his body -- the flesh and bones and hormones and chemicals that sloshed around beneath his skin -- was still very much that of a boy . 
 and so as the school year went on and adam came to accept this strange return to youth , he found his behavior -- more often than not -- aligning with his nature as a boy . 
 unexpected bursts of energy bubbled up from below and compelled him to shout at a friend , poke something with a stick , joke in class , or start a wrestling match at lunch . 
 at home he teased ruthie and played pranks on the hotel staff . 
 he embraced old interests and hobbies . 
 the sleek , black camera that sat on his bedside table was once again slung around his neck as he trekked across the grounds at timber bay . 
 an unbridgeable gulf still existed between adam and his former friends , but this was for the best . 
 he spent more time at home with ruthie and his parents . 
 as the years passed , he rarely noticed the once-overwhelming , fanatical concern for safety that had smothered him the first time around . 
 he was no longer permitted to hike the forest surrounding timber bay alone as he had before the incident in the woods , but rather than grow angry and let the sourness fester inside , he agreed for a chaperone , his father , to join him on journeys that went beyond the limits of their home . 
 this , too , was for the best . 
 adam 's father , david blake , grew up hunting in the killdeer mountains of north dakota and was an expert woodsman . 
 on those hikes with his father , adam learned to identify the different calls of pheasants , loons , and waterfowls , and to track the movement of deer by the prints and droppings they left behind . 
 soon , he was able to discern the species of approaching birds by the songs carried in the wind , no longer requiring a glimpse through his camera 's long-range lens to see what subject drew near . 
 one sunday morning late in the fall , adam and david went for a sunrise hike before church , trekking farther down the wolfork trail than adam had ever gone alone . 
 after several miles they came to a wide , open field where they spotted a white-tailed doe resting in a bed of tall , yellow grass . 
 they approached slowly , and adam lifted his camera , but before he was able to take the shot , she leapt away and the sudden crush of dry grass beneath her hooves filled the meadow like thunder . 
 adam ran forward , and two fawns sprang from the grass behind their mother and chased her across the field . 
 adam brought the camera to his eye , snapped , and captured them all midstride , lit with a rising sun against a backdrop of rich , autumn trees . 
 `` you get ` em , son ? '' 
 david asked , a fog of warm vapor huffing from his mouth as he spoke . 
 `` i think so , '' adam said . 
 `` that one 's gon na be beautiful , just beautiful . 
 i 'm telling you . '' 
 adam lifted his camera again and snapped in the direction of the low , red sun . 
 he felt his father 's hand come to rest on his shoulder . 
 `` sure is beautiful , is n't it ? '' 
 david asked , looking out at the panorama of trees and field and dark blue sky . 
 `` yeah , it really is , '' adam said . 
 `` i forgot how much i used to love this place . '' 
 he caught himself and cringed , hoping his father would ignore the odd use of past tense . 
 `` hmm , '' david said . 
 `` well , the good lord outdid himself out here , that 's for sure . '' 
 they started west across the field , the sun rising behind them and warming the backs of their necks . 
 `` you know , i 'm proud of you , son , '' david said . 
 adam laughed . 
 `` proud of what ? '' 
 `` just , you know , proud of the young man you 're becoming . 
 you 've grown up a lot this year . 
 matured , taken more responsibility , and damn if your vocabulary does n't put me to shame . '' 
 david pointed his thumb at the camera hanging around adam 's neck . 
 `` and you 've got a real talent there , too , with this whole picture-taking , um , art thing going . '' 
 adam laughed again . 
 `` no , i 'm serious now , '' david said . 
 `` thanks , dad . 
 i just always assumed that you would rather see me trade my camera in for a football or a bow and arrow or something . '' 
 `` no , no . 
 it 's good to have both . 
 good to have that balance . 
 you know , if i could do it all over again , i think i 'd learn to paint , '' david said . 
 `` seriously ? 
 i never knew you were interested , '' adam said . 
 `` yeah , sure . 
 i 've always been good with my hands , been steady , which probably helps , right ? 
 and i 've got more landscapes saved up in my head than i know what to do with . 
 it 'd be nice to get ` em out on paper . '' 
 `` you could still do it . 
 mr. folstad teaches art classes on the side , i think . '' 
 `` no , not an old dog like me . 
 i 'm too stuck in my ways now . '' 
 adam laughed . 
 `` yes , a thirty-something old dog , dreadfully past your artistic prime , '' he said . 
 adam had n't given much thought to his parents ' age since his return to youth that summer , but it occurred to him then that his father was currently not much older than he had been at the time of his previous death . 
 he considered how different their lives had been . 
 david had a wife , children , and the daily obligations of a family-owned business . 
 adam , meanwhile , had been alone , save for the final few months spent with tamar . 
 he had been wealthier than his father , but david 's days were filled with quiet , honest work , adoring children , and the subtle touches of the woman he loved . 
 in adam 's previous life he had often pitied his father , this uneducated handyman whose life appeared so small , but watching him now -- wrestle with ruthie , dance with their mother , and smile with pride and sweat at the end of a long day 's work -- adam was close to envy . 
 `` was there anything else ? '' 
 adam asked . 
 `` anything what ? '' 
 `` i mean , anything else you 'd change if you could do it all over again ? 
 or is the lack of painting classes your one great regret in life ? '' 
 `` oh , i do n't know . 
 there 's not much , really , '' david said . 
 `` how about that , eh ? 
 i mean , sure it would have been nice to go to college , but then , who knows , i might not have met your mother , might not have had you and your sis . 
 and why the heck would i change that ? 
 no , things turned out pretty good for me . 
 anything i 'd go back and change would have to be the sort of thing that does n't change much at all , you know ? 
 and then , what 's the point ? '' 
 david asked . 
 `` maybe i 'd have played fullback in high school instead of sitting on the bench behind tommy westfeld at d end . 
 that would have been nice . '' 
 adam pulled a leaf from a birch tree they passed and rubbed it in his hands . 
 given this chance to live life over again , he wished to keep very little the same . 
 in his previous life , he had grown fat with complacency , severed ties with his parents , blundered into a career that bored him , and been so unlucky in love that it had actually got him killed . 
 how had he amassed such a swarm of regrettable conditions in the course of such a short life ? 
 how dull would things have gotten had he continued down that same path and lived on to david 's age , or much older still ? 
 adam wondered if early death had been a great blessing after all . 
 it had cut him down , cleaned his slate , hit reboot before life went too far and found itself dried up . 
 `` that 's great , dad , '' adam said . 
 `` you betcha it is . '' 
 adam grew older and kept his father 's example in mind . 
 he tried to avoid past mistakes and pursue opportunities missed . 
 he often made choices simply because they were not what he had done before . 
 he rarely knew what , exactly , he wanted out of this second life , but he was sure of what to avoid , and which regrets to atone . 
 as result , he was better in school , kinder in general , and he pursued new subjects , new pastimes , new passions , and new loves . 
 in high school , he found emily lutherman after chemistry one day and asked her to the homecoming dance . 
 she said yes , and they dated until college , when emily took a scholarship at the university of wisconsin , and adam went to study photography at the minneapolis college of art and design . 
 adam was penniless throughout college and afterward too , tending bar to pay for his room in north minneapolis and fund the trips he took each summer . 
 he visited south korea , new york , india , and peru , photographing landscapes and architecture and people at their work . 
 he had pieces displayed in galleries downtown , and after graduation he was hired as a staff photographer at a travel magazine for a time . 
 he never returned to school for his mba , never bought the silver audi s4 he once crashed on the empty strip of freeway that cold winter night , and never took the job that sent him to a conference in orlando the week his mother died . 
 in this life , when cassie blake began chemotherapy treatments down at two harbors lutheran hospital , adam moved home and lived in his old room at heron cottage . 
 he visited the hospital daily , bringing meals and good humor to his dying mother and his father who never left her side . 
 `` do you think there 's a heaven ? '' 
 ruthie asked him one night . 
 they were sitting in the dark , back corner of the timber bay lodge guest dining room , near the tall windows that overlooked lake superior . 
 `` yeah , of course i do , '' adam said . 
 `` seriously ? 
 you actually believe that ? '' 
 she asked . 
 adam considered his own death . 
 he remembered the crash , the fear , the sudden sobriety , and the heat and weight of the car 's engine collapsing against his chest . 
 he remembered his ascension and the thick , black , billowy substance that consumed the world below him , rising up and swallowing all , until nothing was left but emptiness -- vast , black , and all encompassing . 
 `` yes . 
 i really do , '' he said . 
 `` why do you ask that , anyway ? 
 mom is going to be fine . '' 
 he drank from the glass of warm whiskey in front of him . 
 `` i hate that adam , i really do , '' ruthie said . 
 `` why do we lie about this ? 
 mom is n't going to be fine . 
 she 's dying . '' 
 `` ruthie ... '' `` this false hope is bullshit . 
 i hate that i have to sit there and smile at her all day , talk about her coming home like it 's all gon na be okay . 
 i wish i could be straight , you know ? 
 cry with her like i want to , tell her how much i 'm going to miss her when she 's gone . '' 
 she looked out the window . 
 `` but i guess the truth is too fucking harsh sometimes . '' 
 `` it 's important to have hope . '' 
 `` why ? 
 what good does that do anyone ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' adam said . 
 `` i guess i 'm worried about dad . 
 hope is all he has left . '' 
 adam remembered his mother 's funeral from his previous life and how distant and pale his father had looked that day . 
 he remembered the phone calls from ruthie after he had left and returned to work . 
 dad was alone all the time , she said . 
 he hardly spoke , he ate little , and he ignored his work at the lodge . 
 in the years that followed cassie 's death , david became angry and cold , disavowing adam and treating the lodge staff with a cruelty never before in his character . 
 by the time adam died , his father had lost all interest in timber bay , and the property he had run with his wife for thirty years was near foreclosure . 
 `` that 's not true , '' ruthie said . 
 `` he has us . 
 and he still has mom . 
 hope is n't gon na help him after she 's gone . '' 
 adam drank again . 
 `` no , it certainly wo n't , '' he said . 
 cassie 's third round of chemotherapy led to infection , typhlitis , and then a coma one night from which she never woke . 
 adam remembered the date , and on the night his mother was to pass , he convinced ruthie to stay with him at the hospital much later than usual . 
 they sat with their father in the corner of the hospital room , whispering to each other and playing cards as cassie slept and the respirator hissed beside her bed . 
 late in the evening , when the lights were dimmed and the room was cold and quiet , cassie 's vitals fell . 
 monitors blinked and chimed , doctors and nurses came rushing in and out , and adam , ruthie , and david stood at cassie 's bed and held her hands through it all . 
 when the last of her life was gone , david fell to his knees beside her bed and adam held his father 's shoulders in his arms . 
 they stood there until the sun came up , and late in the morning adam drove them home -- a silent , hour-long drive north along the narrow highway that hugged the coast of lake superior . 
 adam stayed at timber bay that summer with his father and sister . 
 he helped manage the lodge , including the financing , scheduling , and recordkeeping that his mother had handled for thirty years . 
 in the mornings , he hiked the paths that reached deep into the woods alone for the first time in nearly two lifetimes . 
 he carried his camera , walked trails and up ridges , and rested his back against broad , old trees . 
 he thought of his mother , her pale face , hollow and sick those last few months . 
 in adam 's previous life , these memories of his mother had stood most prominently in his mind : the cancer , the sadness , and the regret for having been away the week she passed . 
 and now he had watched her die all over again . 
 the cancer came and took her away , and though he knew the outcome and had lived it all before , he remained helpless . 
 he had tried to ease her suffering , to prepare his family for their grief , but he could only do so much . 
 although cassie 's fate was inevitable , this time , along with the pain and sorrow that lingered like heavy fog , adam had another memory , stronger than the rest , vivid and hopeful and secret : adam remembered the day that he had died on that cold strip of freeway and awoke in a soft , white place with light so bright it burned his eyes . 
 he remembered his mother waiting for him on the other side of death -- healthy , bright , and glowing with love . 
 he had cried then , overwhelmed with joy , for here was confirmation that his mother had lived on and that cancer and pain had not been her end . 
 adam did n't know what fate awaited others after death , and he did n't know what to expect when death came to him for the second time . 
 but the memory of his mother in that hospital room gave him hope : she had lived on , her death was n't an end , and that reunion awaits in another life , whatever that life may be . 
 * * * * * * * years passed . 
 three summers later adam turned thirty -- the age of his previous death . 
 when he looked in the mirror he saw gray hairs and wrinkles along the sides of his lips and eyes . 
 his face was different than before ; the friends and jobs and lifestyle he had chosen this time around had taken less of a toll . 
 still , the fear of early death lingered in him . 
 for most of adam 's second life , he had taken for granted that the changes he made would steer him to a different -- and preferable -- conclusion . 
 now , though , as he approached the date of his original death , he worried that perhaps it was inevitable , that things were ruled by fate after all , and that some cosmic force -- some script written in the stars -- remained indifferent to the changes he had lived and the lessons he had learned and carried onward down a path that left him dead , late in the evening on february 11 , alone on a quiet , snow-peppered strip of freeway stretching between the downtowns of minneapolis and saint paul . 
 on the night of his thirtieth birthday , adam offered his driver 's license to the bouncer on the black stool outside the triple rock social club in cedar-riverside . 
 the night was hot , as it had been a lifetime ago , and the tattooed young men and women waiting in line outside the club wore short shorts , tank tops , and little else . 
 adam wore a yellow polo shirt from a thrift store that was heavy with sweat and clung to his chest and back . 
 once inside the club , adam made his way to the side room where there were fewer people and heavy brick walls softened the music . 
 ruthie saw him , leapt from her booth , crossed the room , and wrapped him in a hug . 
 `` happy birthday to you , happy birthday to you , happy birthday dear adam , happy birthday to you . 
 yay ! 
 now come sit down , brother dearest . 
 we have shots , '' she said . 
 adam followed her to their booth . 
 `` i like your hair , '' he said . 
 `` thanks ! '' 
 `` i told her that she looks like billy idol , '' said wayne . 
 ruthie sat and punched his shoulder . 
 `` what ? 
 billy idol is hot as hell , '' he said , and adam laughed . 
 `` what 's so funny ? '' 
 ruthie asked . 
 `` nothing . 
 just a little dèjá vu , '' adam said . 
 the night went on much as adam had remembered it , with drinks ordered , stories told , shots taken , and introductions made . 
 adam asked about the five shot glasses filled to the brim with dark purple liquid sitting at the center of their table . 
 `` yeah , judah 's sister tamar is here too , '' said wayne . 
 `` she 's in the bathroom . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 `` she 's super hot , adam , '' said ruthie . 
 `` you guys are totally gon na fall in love and have like a thousand babies and it 's all gon na be because auntie ruthie knows what 's up and got you all together here on this night . '' 
 `` somehow , i doubt that , '' adam said . 
 moments later , when tamar emerged from the restrooms in the back , adam turned and watched her as he had a lifetime ago . 
 she was just as he had remembered , tall and thin , in tight black jeans and a white shirt that hung loose below her collarbone . 
 she stopped at the bar and greeted friends . 
 when she ordered a drink , she stood on her toes and leaned across the bar and her shirt rode up her midriff and adam could not look away . 
 `` ha ! 
 i fucking knew it ! '' 
 ruthie said . 
 in adam 's previous life , he had fallen madly for tamar this night , but now there was room for pause . 
 he was not the same person he had been then . 
 he wondered whether this new iteration of himself might still find her so alluring , now with all her mystery spoiled by the mundane routines and revelations of the time they had spent together . 
 if he approached her tonight as he had a lifetime ago , would they repeat the same awkward , early conversations , dance in the next room , share the same first kiss , and finish the night wrapped around each other in the center of that cool , dark lake under the bright moon and clear sky as they had the first time they had met ? 
 and what of the rest of it ? 
 in adam 's current life , he could not afford dinner at the restaurant where they had their original first date . 
 and he certainly would not be as enamored with her poetry this time around , not after living most of his adult life in the company of other artists . 
 and as for tamar , surely she would hesitate before moving in so soon , now that adam 's sky-rise loft was traded in for a studio in north minneapolis where the couch was the bed and the war vet next door screamed in his sleep each night . 
 `` jesus , just go talk to her , '' ruthie said . 
 adam fidgeted with his drink . 
 he watched tamar sip her cocktail and lean against the far corner of the bar . 
 he recalled the first time they shared the words i love you . 
 it was at the end of a long night , with the two of them huddled together under a blanket on the leather couch in adam 's old apartment that overlooked the skyline . 
 the television was off , the night spent talking , exploring , sharing secrets , and revealing their pasts . 
 tamar told adam about the father she hardly knew and about the long series of failed and sabotaged relationships that she had suffered in recent years . 
 adam told tamar about his mother : how he had missed her death for that conference in orlando and how his father had never forgiven him . 
 he cried , and tamar held him and kissed his head . 
 in the morning , they brewed coffee and looked out the tall windows of his apartment as the sun rose behind the city . 
 adam told her that he loved her , and she said it too , without hesitation . 
 adam loved that memory and did not wish to live it any other way . 
 tamar set down her cocktail and lifted her arms in some story she was telling , and adam saw thin , black lines of script tattooed down the underside of her forearm . 
 the sight of that tattoo was further evidence of what adam already knew : tamar was unchanged . 
 while adam had spent this second life learning , growing , and making amends , the rest of the world had continued down the same path as before . 
 tamar still carried the same regrets and insecurities that had haunted her previous life . 
 she had branded herself with the same awful tattoo that stretched from the hinge of her elbow down to the veins in her wrist . 
 and she did not remember -- as adam did -- the night that was to come five months or so from now , when a quiet confession spoke in bed would change their lives forever . 
 adam woke late that night to the soft sound of tears wept into the pillow beside him . 
 he sat up , flicked on the light , spoke her name , and reached for her shoulder , but she recoiled at his touch . 
 he remembered waiting , breathless , for nearly an hour , until finally tamar was willing to speak . 
 when she did , her confession came cold and blunt , like a mallet against his chest . 
 `` i was with someone else , '' she said . 
 tamar shrugged and let her head fall between her knees . 
 her soft cries grew louder , angrier , more violent , and she began to scream . 
 she called herself sick , asked why she did this again and again , and said she deserved to die . 
 her hands battered the walls and bed and when she could take no more abuse herself , she turned on adam , blaming him for being so stupid and ignoring all the warnings early on . 
 he knew her past , she said , what the hell did he think he was getting himself into ? 
 adam was livid that night as well , shouting and kicking the door before kicking her out . 
 in the weeks that followed , tamar 's anger receded while adam 's festered and bloomed . 
 he refused to see her , yet he refused to leave her alone . 
 he called nightly to shout , to vent , to spread his pain . 
 he drank more , slept less , and left erratic messages on her voicemail -- long , desolate ramblings one day and hollow claims of optimism the next . 
 eventually , tamar 's sympathy waned . 
 she begged to be left alone . 
 she stopped answering his calls , stopped responding to his texts . 
 `` seriously , '' wayne said at dinner the week before adam 's death , `` you have to stop this , adam . 
 keep bothering her like this and she 's gon na call the cops or something . '' 
 `` yeah , '' said judah . 
 `` or , i 'll just fucking kill you . '' 
 `` well , are you gon na talk to her or not ? '' 
 ruthie asked . 
 adam watched tamar from across the room . 
 `` no . 
 not tonight at least , '' he said . 
 `` oh come on ! '' 
 ruthie said . 
 `` you 've been staring at her all night . 
 what are you so afraid of ? '' 
 adam reached for the shot glasses at the center of the table . 
 there were still five , all filled to the brim with dark purple liquid . 
 he distributed one each to ruthie , judah , and wayne , and set two in front of himself . 
 `` i do n't know , ruthie . 
 maybe i 'm afraid if i go talk to that girl over there , i 'll find myself left for dead on the side of the road six months from now . 
 ever think of that ? '' 
 ruthie frowned . 
 `` knowing my sister , '' judah said , `` that 's actually kind of a reasonable concern . '' 
 `` come on ruthie , let 's have a toast so we can start to celebrate this birthday appropriately , '' adam said . 
 `` fine , you weirdos , '' ruthie said and raised her glass . 
 `` to my big brother , adam . 
 i love you , man . 
 may your thirties be as debaucherous as all the decades that came before . '' 
 `` to adam ! '' 
 said judah and wayne . 
 adam lifted the first of his two shots . 
 `` to me , '' he said and drank , and then lifted his second glass . 
 `` to me again . '' 
 * * * * * * * the night of adam 's previous death passed without occasion . 
 it was february 11 , 2010 , and he spent the night alone in his darkroom , occupied with a pile of negatives and a bottle of merlot . 
 he lifted his glass in quiet toast to himself , to life , and to second chances . 
 he was not destined to die young , after all . 
 in this second life , he lived to see ruthie 's wedding , his father 's funeral , and the births of his nephews and niece . 
 when ruthie moved to timber bay and took over for their late father , she kept a room in the main lodge open for adam each weekend , and he visited her and her family often . 
 adam kept up his photography , and his travels , and at the age of forty-four he toured east asia and landed a temporary job as an art teacher at an english-speaking school in busan , south korea . 
 he rented a small apartment in a tall , narrow building surrounded by other tall , narrow buildings that overlooked the busy port and smelled like a wharf when the windows were open . 
 after one semester he was offered a permanent position , and he accepted it . 
 he stayed , learned the language , and grew comfortable and old . 
 years passed , and emails from ruthie became less frequent . 
 his friends disappeared , died or married off or forgotten years ago . 
 students came and went . 
 adam 's hair went gray , and his memory faded like words written in sand . 
 he spent his final years alone , mainly sitting on the park bench in front of his apartment building in busan , sipping coffee or smoking for hours . 
 he watched neighbors -- young mothers , businessmen , construction workers across the street -- and wondered if any were like him , living life for the second time . 
 he watched children play games on the screens in their hands and he thought back to that day at timber bay when he and ruthie had played video games in the second floor loft that overlooked the kitchen . 
 he remembered his character dying again and again , only to return at the starting point of his most recent failed attempt . 
 adam believed his life was like that game , that he had been tasked to repeat it over and over , each time learning more , progressing further along , until achieving some unknown end that declared the game as won . 
 now , at the end of his second life -- an old man in a foreign country , irritable , weak , six thousand miles from home , with no one left in the world he loved and nothing left for him to do -- he saw this current life for what it was : a failure like the one before . 
 granted he had lived longer and healthier this time around , and he had pursued a career that he loved , but looking back now , adam could point at no great accomplishment , no person who had clearly benefited from his extended stay on earth . 
 he had spent his last decades alone , avoiding his neighbors , smoking cigarettes , and grumbling at the young korean girl who cried and pattered around in the unit one floor above . 
 he died for the second time alone on the stiff , narrow bed in his apartment in busan . 
 he had felt tired and dizzy and went to bed early , and hours later he found himself aware , drifting toward the corner of the room as his thin , withered body laid still on the bed beneath him . 
 he looked down and was ashamed of that body , so weak and skeletal and naked beneath thin , musky sheets . 
 adam drifted outside the apartment where the city bustled and hummed below from the coastline to the mountains in the north . 
 he ascended and saw a black mass billowing near the sea . 
 the mass rolled slowly inward , swallowing busy streets , traffic lights , and zen cemeteries up against the hill , and finally the tallest , brightest buildings downtown . 
 soon the stars and clouds had disappeared , everything silenced by the empty , black void . 
 adam rose higher still . 
 adam walked to the far corner of the bar , moving slowly around the crowds gathered so as not to spill the drink in his hand . 
 he grinned at tamar , set the shot next to her empty glass , and wiped a bit of sweat from his cheek . 
 `` i think you owe me a shot , '' he said . 
 tamar looked at him and frowned . 
 `` i do n't think i owe you shit , '' she said . 
 adam froze and the people around him froze . 
 tamar 's friends went quiet and stared . 
 adam stepped back , bumping into the girl seated on the stool behind him . 
 `` no -- god -- i 'm sorry '' he said . 
 `` i did n't mean -- '' `` i know who you are . 
 you 're that birthday boy friend of wayne 's . 
 what , you think just because it 's your birthday or some shit , the women you meet tonight owe you something ? 
 what else do i owe you ? 
 attention ? 
 affection ? 
 is that what you deserve because you 're a man and it 's your birthday , you fucking chauvinist ? '' 
 `` jesus , sorry , '' adam said . 
 `` i really do n't think i 'm being chauvinistic -- '' heat rose from his cheeks and he looked at his shoes . 
 tamar laughed . 
 her head rolled back and she roared a loud cackle and the whole bar seemed muted when she did . 
 `` i 'm kidding , geez man . 
 lighten up ! 
 it 's just a little birthday ribbing , okay ? 
 hey , come back here ! 
 order another shot . 
 i 'm not doing this thing by myself . '' 
 adam turned , lifted his head , wiped sweat off his nose , and did as he was told . 
 `` so , you just come from a board meeting or something ? '' 
 tamar asked , eyeing him up and down . 
 `` no , '' adam said . 
 `` just had a really long day at work , i guess . '' 
 `` on your birthday ? 
 that sucks . '' 
 `` yeah , '' adam said . 
 `` though i get the feeling nobody at the office really cares about my birthday . '' 
 `` hm . 
 well , good . 
 they should n't , '' tamar said . 
 `` honestly , i fucking hate birthdays . '' 
 `` yeah , '' adam said . 
 `` wait -- what ? 
 you hate birthdays ? '' 
 `` totally , '' she said . 
 `` hate , hate , hate them . 
 i mean , think about it . 
 what 's so special about you ? 
 no offense , but there 's like three hundred people here tonight and i 'm sure lots of them are cool and interesting and totally worth celebrating , but tonight i 'm under this dumb social obligation to give this extra attention to you , a guy i do n't even know , regardless of whether you deserve it or even want it , just because it 's your damn birthday . '' 
 `` see , that 's what makes birthdays so great , '' adam said . 
 `` even mediocre folk like me get celebrated for a night . '' 
 `` i just do n't like the whole thing about selecting someone before the night even begins and saying , yep , tonight is gon na be all about this guy . 
 it does n't matter what he brings to the table . 
 does n't matter if he totally sucks . 
 it 's his night . '' 
 adam nodded . 
 `` partying should be like a meritocracy , not just handed out as birthright . '' 
 `` yes ! 
 exactly ! 
 people got ta earn my adoration . 
 i do n't just hand that shit out . 
 it 's so contrived . '' 
 `` so , what happens when it 's your birthday ? '' 
 adam asked . 
 `` oh , mine are always awesome . 
 i love the attention , '' she said and laughed . 
 `` but that 's okay , i always deserve it . 
 i guess , really , i just hate other people 's birthdays . 
 hey , are we doing this shot ? '' 
 they lifted their glasses , and tamar toasted first . 
 `` to the blessed miracle of birth , and all the fucking birthdays it sticks us with in the end , '' she said . 
 `` to earned admiration , '' said adam . 
 they clinked their glasses together , shot them back , and thumped the empty remains against the bar . 
 `` i 'm adam , by the way , '' he said . 
 `` yeah i know , '' said tamar . 
 her shoulders trembled as the drink made its way down her throat . 
 she nodded in the direction of ruthie 's booth . 
 `` hey , let 's join the others . '' 
 three the small office in the back of st. benedict 's catholic church was dull and untidy , with books stacked on manila folders littering the sides of a large wooden desk , and more books lining the bookshelf that covered the wall behind it . 
 short , blue carpet frayed where it met the walls , and like the rest of the building the office felt older than it was and smelled of dry wood . 
 adam had been in this room before , long ago , but he did not remember it . 
 `` greetings , adam , '' said father timothy o’malley as he walked in and closed the door behind him . 
 `` please take a seat , my son . 
 be comfortable . '' 
 adam dropped his backpack beside a thin wooden chair and sat . 
 he shifted and folded his arms in his lap . 
 `` you need to invest in nicer furniture if you plan to offer comfort , '' he said . 
 father tim sat in an old chair behind the desk and smiled . 
 the priest was young and balding , tall and thin with cheeks as soft as a child 's . 
 `` you seem nervous , adam , '' he said . 
 `` remember , there 's nothing to be afraid of here . 
 the sacrament of confession is a gift from god . 
 it is a testament to his love and mercy , not his anger or judgment of our sins . 
 it can be quite a liberating exercise . 
 shall we begin ? '' 
 `` right here ? '' 
 adam asked . 
 `` yes , here , if you 're fine with it , of course . 
 i prefer the office to the confessional booths . 
 they can be so formidable , and my side has this horrible draft through the door . '' 
 `` okay , whatever . 
 the office is fine . '' 
 `` good , '' the priest said . 
 `` please begin then . 
 you have my attention . '' 
 adam stared at him . 
 `` it begins , bless me father , for i have sinned ... '' `` right . 
 bless me father , for i have sinned . 
 it has been , jesus , ages and ages since my last confession , '' he said and laughed . 
 `` adam ... '' `` sorry . 
 bless me father , for i have sinned . 
 it has been ... i do n't know . 
 how am i supposed to answer that ? '' 
 `` it has been four years , '' father tim said . 
 `` if you say so . '' 
 `` it has . 
 you have not returned to confession since you first took the sacrament at age eight . 
 i remember it . 
 you sat right there on that chair , feet dangling off the floor , literally on the edge of your seat . 
 you were all nerves back then , adam , so scared and eager to please . 
 many children are like that when they first come to confession . '' 
 the priest nodded . 
 `` we adults can learn something from you children . 
 your innate sense of fear is perhaps the most proper way to come before the lord . '' 
 `` unless ye become as little children , and all that , '' adam said . 
 `` yes , exactly . 
 so , what sins have you to confess today , my son ? 
 and before you speak , i ask you to remember your faith in god 's enduring love and his capacity to heal your wounds . '' 
 adam shrugged and let his eyes wander to the door . 
 `` sorry to disappoint , father , but i do n't really plan on confessing anything today , '' he said . 
 `` no ? 
 so you have lived a sinless existence four years running ? '' 
 father tim asked . 
 `` oh god no , are you kidding ? 
 i 've sinned a bunch -- a couple of really fantastic ones , too . 
 i just have no interest in confessing them to you . '' 
 father tim grinned and cocked his head . 
 `` then why come here today ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` well , if you must know , my mother and father seem to think speaking to a priest might do me some good in regards to my recent spell of antisocial behavior , '' adam said . 
 `` ah , yes . 
 your parents have expressed their concern . 
 your grades have plummeted this year , and you have ignored your friends for months -- all the things parents typically worry about when their oldest child reaches adolescence . 
 grown-ups never seem remember what it was like for themselves , do they ? '' 
 `` no , they do n't , '' adam said . 
 `` but mine has n't been a typical adolescence . '' 
 `` of course not , '' father tim said . 
 `` the lord challenged you and your family with great trauma last summer . 
 i remember it well . 
 in fact , i myself held the vigil the sunday night before you were found in the woods . 
 it was a great test of faith for you and also for your parents , and i suppose that buys both parties a bit of slack . 
 you may not perceive it now , adam , but i believe that bout of suffering worked to fortify your soul . 
 tell me , why wo n't you take the sacrament of confession ? '' 
 `` i just did , '' adam said . 
 `` no , you did not . 
 you told me why you came today , not why you refuse the sacrament . '' 
 adam tapped his fingers on the arms of the wooden chair and sighed . 
 `` well , i guess it 's mainly because confession is an archaic practice of an archaic institution . 
 it 's pointless , father . 
 i mean , sure it held some value back in the day , when opportunistic priests like you used these private little interrogations as leverage against ignorant believers , extorting cash for penance and whatnot . 
 i 'm sure the church bought plenty of lovely real estate with that money . 
 but what good could it possibly do me ? 
 why would i want to sit here and list my failures and shortcomings before some middle-aged celibate ? '' 
 father tim shook his head . 
 `` you 're wrong , adam . 
 confession does plenty of good . 
 in confession , we bring our innermost fears and agonies out to the light , and the light penetrates through them and burns them all to dust . '' 
 `` how romantic . 
 and if there is no light to do the burning ? '' 
 the priest leaned back and his old chair creaked . 
 `` ah , i see . 
 the inevitable flirtation with atheism . 
 she 's an alluring temptress , but rarely does she chase after one so young as you . 
 this usually comes with the christian 's first true heartbreak , or when he returns from college after taking philosophy 101 . '' 
 `` i 'm not that young , '' adam said . 
 `` no , of course not . 
 i apologize for being glib . 
 let 's start over , shall we ? 
 let 's forget about confession . 
 something obviously is bothering you , so there 's no use denying it . 
 and here i am , a friend who is bound by oath to keep confidential all that is spoken behind these walls . 
 if you need to get something off your chest -- something you 've been afraid to share with anyone else -- i 'm as good a person to talk to as any . '' 
 `` thanks , father , '' adam said , `` but i 'm really not interested in your particular brand of help . 
 burdening you with my troubles will do neither of us any good . '' 
 father tim leaned over his desk and waved a finger at adam . 
 `` you know , you remind me of someone , '' he said . 
 `` oh god , please do n't say yourself at my age . '' 
 `` no . 
 you remind me of my grandfather , oddly enough . 
 he was a sour old man who slapped away every helping hand ever offered to him . 
 how are you so sure i can not help ? '' 
 `` i just know , '' adam said . 
 `` you have n't been through what i have . 
 you have n't seen what i 've seen . '' 
 `` perhaps not . 
 but i have counseled hundreds of parishioners . 
 i have a master 's in child psychology , you know . 
 my thesis was on the spiritual recovery of trauma survivors . 
 i have -- '' `` irrelevant . '' 
 `` irrelevant ? '' 
 the priest asked . 
 `` yes . 
 all of it , '' adam said . 
 `` of course , it 's natural to perceive our own private suffering as unique , but trust me , this is rarely the case . 
 adam , i simply do n't believe your pain is so exotic , so incomprehensible , that everything i have studied -- every person i have loved and counseled and invested myself in throughout my adult life -- has left me wholly unprepared for this and this alone . '' 
 `` then you 're wrong . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because no one you 've ever counseled before knows what it 's like to die , '' adam snapped . 
 father tim 's eyebrows rose . 
 `` pardon ? '' 
 `` i died , father , '' adam said . 
 `` completely and truthfully , and i remember every minute of it . 
 how many of your parishioners can say that ? 
 i know what it 's like to die and look down at my body on the ground beneath me . 
 i know exactly how much pain there is in the sting of death , and i know that it 's nothing compared to the emptiness that suffocates you afterward . 
 i know there is no tunnel of light , no jesus or pearly gates waiting for me on the other side . 
 when you die , father , there 's nothing but this void : this big , black , empty thing that goes on forever and ever . 
 it 's terrifying . '' 
 father tim sat still . 
 `` your disappearance in the woods , '' he said . 
 `` this is what has been bothering you these past few months ? '' 
 `` is n't it enough ? '' 
 adam asked . 
 his chest heaved , and he sensed an adolescent outburst of emotion coming on . 
 he calmed his breath . 
 `` it is plenty , '' father tim said , `` but is it everything ? '' 
 adam sighed . 
 `` no . 
 to be honest , i think i just said that to try and shut you up . 
 it 's all true -- every word of it -- but it 's not everything . '' 
 `` go on then , my son . 
 tell me , what is worse than knowledge of heaven 's nonexistence ? '' 
 `` not worse , '' adam said . 
 `` more immediate , i suppose . '' 
 `` i see . '' 
 `` i ... i do n't know how to say this , '' adam said , for in three lifetimes he had never shared the secret of his repeated deaths and returns to life . 
 now , though , with this small bit of truth set loose , he felt the rest rushing to the surface . 
 for the first time since his original death , he considered , briefly , sharing his secret with another . 
 why ca n't i die ? 
 why am i stuck in this loop ? 
 what must i do to break free ? 
 the priest would have no answers , of course , but perhaps he would find relief in speaking his testimony out loud . 
 bring our innermost fears and agonies out to the light , and the light penetrates through them and burns them all to dust , as the priest had said . 
 adam rubbed his eyes . 
 `` i ca n't explain why , '' adam said , `` but i get the feeling -- no , it 's more than a feeling , it 's a certainty -- that i was brought back for a reason . 
 does that make sense ? 
 i should be dead . 
 i died and that should have been the end of it , but i was given a second chance at life . 
 i have to do something , or learn some lesson . 
 i have a purpose , i guess , and i have no idea what it is . '' 
 `` ah , '' said father tim . 
 `` so your pain is not rooted in fear that life is meaningless , after all . 
 you are convinced there is meaning , but you are blind to it . 
 this brings you anger , and also fear , yes ? 
 fear that you will fail to recognize your purpose , and your return to life here on earth will have been for nothing . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i guess that 's it , more or less . 
 but there 's also this impatience . 
 i mean , i 'm twelve fucking years old -- sorry -- my days are spent sitting in geometry class , eating lunch with these hyperactive little sacks of adhd , and wasting away in front of the television at home . 
 it 's just one inane , worthless activity after another , and all the while i 'm screaming inside . 
 i know there 's more to my life than this . 
 but i 'm stuck here , living life as a child in this little town for another six years . 
 i hate that i woke up in that hospital room at age twelve instead of eighteen or twenty or thirty-five . '' 
 father tim slouched in his chair , his eyes wandering the walls and ceiling , and his thumb fidgeting with a stack of envelopes at the edge of his desk . 
 finally , he spoke : `` adam , do you mind if i use you as practice for a sermon i 've been working on ? '' 
 adam blinked . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i think you 'll like it . 
 it 's still a work in progress -- i have n't ironed out all the details and background research -- but that hardly matters . '' 
 adam shook his head . 
 `` i do n't get it . 
 i 'm opening up to you here , and if you have n't picked up on it by now , i 'm not exactly a believer , father . '' 
 `` that 's fine . 
 i think the story i wish to share carries truth , regardless of whether it is , in fact , true . '' 
 `` that does n't make any sense , '' adam said . 
 `` please , humor me . '' 
 `` alright , fine . 
 tell your damn sermon . 
 but do n't expect to win a convert at the end of it , if that 's what you have in mind . '' 
 father tim smiled and leaned forward . 
 he sat his elbows on his desk and folded his hands in front of his face . 
 `` i call the sermon the st. paul corollary , '' he said . 
 `` you remember the story of st. paul , yes ? 
 born just a few years after jesus , paul was , by birth , a roman citizen , and thus protected by many of the ancient laws that applied only to men of his class . 
 he was also a jew , and very well educated ; he was raised in jerusalem and tutored by the great rabbi gamaliel , perhaps the most influential voice in the sanhedrin court at the time . 
 from ancient sources we can infer that paul was wealthy , well travelled , and respected by his peers . 
 `` when paul converted to christianity sometime in the middle of his life , he quickly came to believe he had found his purpose , so to speak . 
 it was clear , to him at least , that his entire life had been leading up to this . 
 his education provided him wisdom to debate the leading religious figures of the time . 
 his wealth afforded him freedom to travel , to visit fledgling churches from syria to rome , to help them build communities and , in some cases , financially support them as well . 
 his status as a roman citizen allowed him legal leniencies that , sadly , many other church fathers were not privy to enjoy . 
 `` so , all was going pretty well for old saul of tarsus . 
 he was doing god 's work . 
 he had found his purpose -- his reason to live -- and it brought him happiness and fulfillment beyond expectation . 
 few people on earth ever find their life 's meaning as certainly and joyfully as paul did those first few years after his conversion . 
 but then it all came tumbling down . 
 paul was arrested in jerusalem while preaching at the temple , and he was sent to a prison in caesarea . 
 he spent many , perhaps all , of his remaining years in an assortment of prison cells , prison transports , and house arrests . 
 his life 's work -- his life 's purpose -- had been stripped from him , and he was miserable as a result . 
 rather than travel from city to city , building churches , assisting their growth , debating their adversaries , paul was stuck behind bars . 
 he did not understand why god would do this to him . 
 why tease him with a taste of his destiny , only to swipe it away without a moment 's notice ? 
 you read this agony in the letters he wrote while in prison : he longs to be with his friends ; he laments that he no longer participates in their lives . 
 `` eventually , as an older man , paul was executed , a prisoner of the state , beheaded by emperor nero , never again free to resume the mission he once pursued as his life 's great purpose . '' 
 father tim went quiet , and adam shrugged . 
 `` so it goes , '' adam said . 
 `` that 's your sermon ? '' 
 `` i 'm not finished . 
 you see , paul was wrong , adam . 
 while he was in prison unable to visit his churches and friends , paul kept in communication with them through letters . 
 the early church still highly regarded him , and the parishes wrote to him often , detailing their progress , asking for advice , and requesting that he settle debates and quarrels . 
 he dutifully wrote back and thought little of it . 
 `` when paul died , he had no idea how much value had been placed on these letters . 
 he did not know that his letters were to be saved and protected for years and years , copied and dispersed among the early christians . 
 he never would have guessed that his letters would be instrumental in shaping the theology of the early church , or that three hundred years later , when a council of bishops came together to compile the official bible of christianity , fourteen of these casual letters paul had written to his friends would be selected as the backbone of the christian new testament . 
 the bible as we know it today , christianity as we know it today , would not exist if not for the letters paul wrote while in jail . 
 perhaps the most influential writings in the last two thousand years of human history , and they never would have existed had paul been free to pursue his life 's purpose . '' 
 `` so the guy was wrong about his purpose , '' adam said . 
 `` he was n't meant to be an early travelling salesman for jesus after all . 
 he was meant to sit in that crummy little jail cell and write letters all day . 
 what good does that do me ? '' 
 father tim shrugged . 
 `` i 'm still working on the conclusion . 
 i suppose i worry , though , that we often put too much stock in finding life 's purpose . 
 whole shelves at the bookstore are devoted to that undertaking . 
 discover your purpose , they say , follow your heart and live the life you were born to live ; then you will find true happiness , true success , true wealth , and all the rest ... '' the priest shook his head . 
 `` how foolish of us , and how arrogant , as if we sinful little things can possibly know the mind of god , or comprehend what purpose he has ascribed for our lives . 
 who are we to judge his plan ? 
 even if we could , why do we assume such knowledge would bring happiness ? 
 where is the evidence for such a claim ? 
 if anything , the st. paul corollary suggests the opposite . '' 
 `` so what are you saying ? '' 
 adam asked . 
 `` that i should n't bother ? 
 i should quit worrying about my purpose , even though i believe discovering it is the very reason i was brought back from death ? '' 
 `` adam , what i am saying is that you may never truly know the reason you were granted this second chance at life , and you must be prepared for such an outcome . 
 i believe god has a purpose for you , yes , but he rarely keeps us in the loop about such things . 
 the most important act of your life may be something you hardly notice at all . 
 a bit of advice you give a friend . 
 some kindness offered to a stranger at just the right moment . 
 perhaps your purpose is to fail -- to fail in some great deed -- but in failure , you inspire others to take up your mantle and change the world . 
 the true and lasting impact of your actions is not something you can hope to understand in this short , little life . 
 `` i often wonder , rather than waste time and effort in the futile quest to learn life 's purpose , perhaps we are better off living every moment -- every action , idea , choice , and word -- as if it were the very reason we were born . 
 how much more beauty and meaning would you find in everyday things if that were your approach ? 
 imagine a life in which each day is engaged with sacredness and honor , as if it were the most important in the world . 
 `` i suppose i am suggesting , adam , that you not go out and seek your purpose . 
 simply open your eyes and see it before you , every moment of every day . '' 
 adam grinned . 
 `` every moment of every day ? 
 that sounds exhausting . 
 even god took a break seven days in . '' 
 father tim shook his head . 
 `` you 're a very unique twelve-year-old boy , adam , '' he said . 
 `` this is just occurring to you now ? '' 
 `` no . 
 but now i recognize why . 
 you have the energy of a child , but the shrewdness of the life worn . 
 if i believed in reincarnation , i might be tempted to say you have a very old soul . '' 
 `` old enough to collect social security , at least , '' adam said . 
 `` i have to go , father . 
 homework and chores and all that . 
 each to be approached as if it were the very reason i was born . '' 
 `` you 're making fun of my sermon , '' said father tim . 
 `` i 'm kidding , '' adam said . 
 `` do you have anything else before i go ? 
 confessors are typically given some sort of penance after these things , no ? '' 
 `` typically , yes . 
 but you did not confess anything today . 
 though i suppose a few hail mary 's never hurt anybody , if you feel up to the task . 
 i hope you come back , adam . 
 i enjoyed this talk . '' 
 `` yeah , i did as well , '' adam said . 
 he hopped off the chair , flung his backpack over his shoulder , and headed for the door . 
 `` you 'll see me again , father , i 'm sure . 
 if not in this life , then certainly the next . '' 
 * * * * * * * tamar bethel núñez blake entered the nave of st. benedict 's church and walked toward the altar with her head high and her white hair falling freely down her back . 
 the cold day had stiffened her arthritic joints , but she ignored the pain and walked the aisle with steadiness and grace . 
 she had done this once before , decades ago : approached the altar of this small , wooden chapel with a hundred familiar , silent faces cast in her direction . 
 things had changed since then . 
 her silk black hair had faded to white ; her white dress exchanged for black ; her slow , meticulous steps -- once the product of pageantry and grace -- now betrayed cautiousness inherited with age . 
 it had been nearly forty years since tamar first made that walk down this aisle . 
 on that day , bach 's arioso rang from the organ in the balcony , filling the chapel and echoing off the walls behind the apse . 
 today the music was gone , replaced by coughs , creaking wood , and shuffling seats in stiff , narrow pews . 
 the pews were less full than before , as well ; the family , friends , neighbors , and guests who had joined her years ago were mostly gone , replaced by others , older and tired , with weathered faces that frowned and lowered as she passed . 
 when tamar reached the front pew , her son david stepped to the aisle and embraced her . 
 tamar leaned against his chest and let his wide shoulders hide her from the onlookers behind them . 
 david 's wife , hye su , wrapped her arms around them both and her protruding belly pressed against tamar 's hip . 
 tamar smelled the girl 's short black hair and smiled . 
 after the three of them sat , the priest at the altar cleared his throat and started the service . 
 tamar watched and frowned . 
 she had first met this priest , father malcolm , a few days earlier , after he had knocked on the front door of the timber bay lodge and met with david , ruthie , and her to plan adam 's burial and service . 
 he bothered her right away , with his sad face and basset hound eyes , speaking in hushed tones and nibbling feebly at the pastries they served that day as if he , among all of them , was too grief-stricken to eat . 
 tamar 's previous exposure to clergy had been limited to the rabbis of her youth and the presumptuous old priest , father tim , who had married adam and she nearly forty years before . 
 she had liked those men ; they were arrogant and aloof in a way that she found charming , but malcolm was quiet , nervous , too young for authority , and now had been tasked with speaking publicly on the legacy of her husband . 
 malcolm finished his prayer and the chapel was quiet . 
 tamar felt a squeeze at her hand . 
 it was david , her strong , handsome son . 
 he stood , walked to the podium , and squinted at the winter light coming through the stained glass windows . 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` hello . 
 my name is david , '' he said . 
 he held the podium with large-knuckled hands , and his voiced reverberated off the church 's back wall . 
 `` today , i 'm here to pay my last respects to my father , adam blake . '' 
 a bouquet and framed picture of adam had been placed in front of the altar , and david glanced that way . 
 adam was grinning widely in the picture , his blonde hair a mess , his lips and eyes lined with middle-aged wrinkles . 
 tamar remembered taking this photograph , decades ago . 
 she remembered adam sitting at the kitchen table in their small apartment in busan , south korea , and david , a sturdy , thick-bellied infant at the time , bouncing on his knee . 
 the two of them laughed , cooed , made faces , and laughed again . 
 tamar grabbed adam 's camera from the shelf above the refrigerator and snapped the picture a moment before david squealed , coughed , and spewed white mucus across adam 's chest . 
 she remembered this and laughed in the pew . 
 `` dad made life seem easy , '' david said . 
 `` while some people stress over careers and struggle with the daily drama of the world , my father seemed to live above it all . 
 with dad , arguments were shrugged off , financial troubles laughed away , risks taken , adventures embraced , and the status quo and safest routes rejected out of hand . 
 he had this casual confidence about everything , as if he had some secret -- like he already knew -- that the end of the day everything was going to be okay . 
 with dad , everything was manageable , everything would pass . '' 
 tamar smiled . 
 as she listened to david 's eulogy , her mind drifted with the words , reflecting on moments that inspired them . 
 hye su reached for tamar 's hand and pressed it against her belly , and tamar felt a kick that made her jump . 
 she thought of her decades with adam , the adventures they had lived , and how in the end , this beautiful girl , her daughter-in-law , had come to join their lives . 
 after tamar had married adam , he had accepted a month-long contract with a travel magazine in brazil . 
 he brought tamar along and made it their honeymoon . 
 he spent his days touring and photographing the resorts of coastal são paulo , and tamar wandered the city , met locals , drank coffee , and wrote poetry . 
 at night they met at the hotel lounge and drank caipirinhas and danced at the jazz club across the street . 
 tamar loved it , and when they returned home they did n't stay long , moving on to shoots in new york , india , australia , and tanzania . 
 tamar 's days were often spent alone , visiting parks and quiet cafes as adam photographed landscapes , architecture , and people . 
 they traveled to japan , london , and her father 's birthplace in peru . 
 they lived hand-to-mouth for years , until david was born , when adam took a position as an art teacher at an english-speaking school in busan , south korea . 
 they rented an apartment in a tall , narrow building surrounded by other tall , narrow buildings that overlooked the port and smelled like a wharf when the windows were open . 
 hye su 's family lived above them . 
 when she and david were teenagers , tamar often found them walking together and holding hands in the small garden alcove adjacent to the building . 
 they left for college together , joining ruthie 's children at the university of minnesota . 
 they married the summer after graduation and moved into an old house with a quiet porch just across the mississippi river from the studio apartment that tamar and adam had shared in their youth . 
 tamar read their emails and imagined them together , exploring the city and discovering the same coffee shops and bars and hidden lakeshore bays that she and adam had once called their own . 
 the memories came flooding back -- her son 's youth , her early marriage , her courtship with adam long ago -- but nostalgia came at a price . 
 for even after all these years , her mind , when idle , often found its way back to the night she nearly lost it all . 
 the memory haunted her still . 
 even now , forty years later , the thought of that night knotted her stomach and brought a phantom swell of guile to her throat . 
 she suppressed the sudden urge to retch or scream or run for the church 's front door . 
 adam had been away that night , up north for the weekend , and she had gone out drinking with the girls . 
 after dinner and dancing they found themselves at a bar with low ceilings and sticky floors and loud , older men who made certain that women never paid for drinks . 
 tamar was asked to dance , asked to share a drink , asked to join them at this table over there . 
 she laughed , shook her head , and declined them one by one . 
 the girls danced , sang karaoke , and tamar slipped off to the restroom alone . 
 she caught sight of herself in the mirror and grinned . 
 her hair was back , lips red , shoulders bare , face pale with winter , and eyes done just right . 
 the bathroom 's overhead light cast dark shadows down the angles of her face . 
 she took out her phone , pursed her lips , shot a picture through the mirror , and sent it to adam . 
 miss me ? 
 she texted . 
 she returned to the girls and ordered another round , but soon was wobbling on her stool and slurring bits of speech . 
 she did not remember leaving the bar , but she was suddenly shivering , walking down a busy street without a jacket , streetlights and headlights blurring in streaks across her vision , the sidewalk glazed with ice and snow that clung to her heels as she went . 
 she stopped . 
 she looked and discovered that she had walked to a bar that she knew well , nearly a mile away -- a place with soft lights , strong cocktails , and a gorgeous , nameless bartender with dark skin and blue eyes who worked there nearly every night . 
 she looked through the window and saw him there behind the bar , his back shifting beneath his shirt as he reached for glasses and bottles and cleaned the surface with the rag tucked in his belt . 
 he was big , his shoulders above most other men 's eyes , and he wore a tight black shirt that matched his skin . 
 tamar and her friends had been coming here for more than a year , and although they had never caught the bartender 's name , they referred to him as moby , as in the whale , for in all the time that they had spent there , all their smiles and attempts at charm , moby had never shown the slightest bit of interest in tamar or any of her friends . 
 `` moby dick seeks thee not . 
 it is thou , thou , that madly seekest him ! '' 
 and the girls would laugh and joke of seeking other dicks than moby . 
 tamar laughed too , but moby 's disinterest bothered her more than the rest . 
 she was used to attention , accustomed to the advances of assorted men , having been hit on , ogled at , pursued , and provoked since before she had put away the last of her dolls . 
 for tamar , to be the object of a man 's indifference was a foreign thing , an affront that demanded her response . 
 she shivered , felt a wave of drunken anger take her body , and walked into the bar . 
 moby did not acknowledge her arrival . 
 she took a seat in an empty corner near the servers ' station , waved him down , and ordered whiskey on the rocks . 
 she drank , watched him work , grew impatient , and ordered more , rising from her stool to lean across the bar so that her lips nearly brushed his ear when she spoke . 
 she sat back down , her vision blurred . 
 she felt glances from the other patrons , scoffing at the drunk girl in the minidress in the dead of winter . 
 her face was numb . 
 she sucked on her straw and stared at moby , slouching forward and resting her chest against the bar . 
 then , she awoke . 
 the bar was empty , the music off . 
 she had fallen asleep on her stool and now found herself alone . 
 when the lights came on , tamar squinted and lifted a hand to shield her eyes , and moby laughed from across the room . 
 he dragged a garbage bin outside , returned , and poured her a glass of water . 
 tamar rubbed her eyes and smeared mascara on her face and palms . 
 moby opened a beer for himself and sat on the stool beside her . 
 they chatted for a while , but tamar remembered none of what was said . 
 what she did remember , though , was taking his hand when he offered it , and following him to the storage room in the back of the bar . 
 she remembered the low hanging light in that room , the cramped little space between shelving units , and wondering how on earth this was going to work . 
 she remembered the voice in her head screaming no , no , run away , go home , and silencing it after he shut the door behind them . 
 she remembered reaching up , grabbing his head , pulling his face to hers , and the strength of his hands against her back and legs when he lifted her off her feet . 
 she remembered her dress hoisted to her waist , and his chest , so much broader than adam 's , and the coarseness of his stomach and thighs when they rubbed against her skin . 
 after , he hailed her a cab and she went home and vomited on the front steps of the building . 
 the rot and shame in her stomach grew and festered for days . 
 for the next week she ate little , stayed in bed , hardly spoke , and avoided her face in the mirror . 
 her confession to adam came the next week . 
 it was unplanned , and hardly voluntary , as she lay in bed beside him and her stomach squirmed and clenched until finally the words retched out like vomit . 
 adam sat up , flicked on the bedside lamp , and was quiet . 
 tamar curled into a ball on the bed , waiting , trembling , her muscles weak , bile rising in her throat , expecting adam to erupt in a fit of rage , repudiation , tears -- all the things this talk had led to in past relationships . 
 but when adam finally did respond , he only sighed -- relieved , almost , not surprised at all -- and placed a hand on her back and then another on her arm . 
 he pulled her close and wrapped himself around her , and then kissed her lips , her forehead . 
 she burrowed her face against his chest and cried . 
 a cough and its echo brought tamar back to the present moment . 
 she was startled from this memory and saw heads around her bowed in prayer . 
 she had missed david 's eulogy , but for no matter . 
 she knew adam . 
 she had no need for stories of his generosity or lists of his achievements . 
 she bowed her head with the rest . 
 adam had forgiven her that night , quickly and without condition , but tamar believed her indiscretion had warranted judgment . 
 he never doubted her , questioned her , or held this over her head . 
 he went on loving her , and she loved him . 
 oh god , she thought . 
 she wished that she could take that night back and truly deserve his love . 
 she wished she could live it all again -- every moment with adam , great and small . 
 sitting in that pew , considering the lonely days , months , and years ahead , she closed her eyes and imagined opening them at age twenty-four , checking her hair in the bathroom mirror of the triple rock social club , moments before she met adam for the first time . 
 she wished they were both young again , with one more chance to make life as full as they were able . 
 she cried , reached for hye su 's hand , breathed the church 's cold air , and prayed for life with adam once more . 
 `` can i ask you something ? '' 
 adam asked , his elbows resting on the table and his head swaying to her half of the booth . 
 they were alone now in the bustling bar ; ruthie had met a guy and judah and wayne had left to go dancing an hour before . 
 empty bottles and glasses covered the table . 
 to adam , much of what surrounded them was a blur , as if painted in broad , hurried strokes . 
 `` ah , shit , '' tamar said . 
 she slouched against the booth and sighed . 
 `` you 're gon na ask about my tattoo , are n't you ? '' 
 `` no . 
 well , yeah . 
 how did you know that ? '' 
 `` because it happens every night , '' tamar said . 
 `` every night . 
 i meet some dude , and we talk for a while , and eventually we run out of shit to say , and when that happens , the guy always , always fills the void by asking about my tattoo . '' 
 she reached for her drink . 
 `` i use it as kind of like a barometer -- the longer we go before a guy asks that damn question , the more we really have in common . '' 
 `` oh , '' adam said . 
 `` how did i do ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` you lasted longer than most guys . '' 
 adam grinned . 
 `` i 've heard that before , '' he said . 
 `` gross . 
 do n't be a damn pervert . 
 do you want to know about the tattoo or not ? '' 
 `` yes , sorry . 
 i do . 
 i 'm sorry , that was stupid ... '' adam said . 
 `` and i did n't ask to fill the void . 
 i 'm genuinely curious . '' 
 `` okay fine , '' tamar said . 
 `` but only because you 've been a perfect gentleman for ninety-eight percent of the night . '' 
 she stretched her arm across the sticky table with her palm facing up . 
 four rows of thin , black script were tattooed along the underside from the hinge of her elbow to the veins in her wrist . 
 `` it 's hebrew , '' she said . 
 `` from the bible . '' 
 `` really ? 
 i did n't take you for the religious type . '' 
 `` oh , i 'm not . 
 it 's actually super illegal for a nice jewish girl like me to get scripture tattooed on her body . 
 but what are you gon na do ? 
 my parents just love it , by the way , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm sure . 
 what does it say ? '' 
 tamar finished her cocktail , which was nearly half-full . 
 she set the empty glass down and rubbed at the tattoo , as if to scrub it away . 
 `` this is n't something i normally share right out of the gate . 
 i usually just make some shit up , '' she said . 
 `` oh , if it 's too personal , you do n't have to -- i did n't mean to pry , '' adam said . 
 `` no , fuck that , '' she said . 
 `` you 're in too deep now , my friend . '' 
 tamar finished adam 's beer as well . 
 she reached for his hand , lifted it , and held his index finger like a pen , pressing it against her outstretched arm near the elbow at the beginning of the text . 
 she breathed . 
 `` hey adam , '' she said . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` listen , i know this is gon na come as a huge surprise , but despite this wholesome , comely appearance of mine , i 've got some dark shit going on inside . '' 
 `` okay , and the tattoo is , what , like a warning sign ? '' 
 `` no . 
 it 's more like a branding . '' 
 `` a branding ? '' 
 `` yeah , it reminds me of who i really am . '' 
 `` oh , '' adam said . 
 his back stiffened . 
 he reached for a glass of water . 
 tamar held his hand in hers and traced the first letter of the tattoo with his finger . 
 she leaned close , her chest and shoulder resting on his arm , and she spoke into his ear . 
 `` it says , '' she began , tracing as she recited the words , `` for the lips of the adulterous woman drip honey , and her speech is smoother than oil ; but in the end she is bitter as gall , sharp as a double-edged sword . 
 her feet go down to death ; her steps lead straight to the grave . 
 she gives no thought to the way of life ; her paths wander aimlessly , but she does not know it . '' 
 four adam smelled birch wood , incense , and summer air . 
 he breathed slowly and followed the steady rhythm of his heart . 
 thoughts and emotions drifted through his mind like dust collecting on a wooden floor ; he swept them away , worked to keep an empty , quiet place in the center , free of noise and worry and the world . 
 around him , other students , monks , and visitors sat in lotus and swayed like trees in the wind . 
 he heard their breath , his own breath , and thought of nothing . 
 a bell chimed at the front of the hall , and adam opened his eyes and stood . 
 he and the others scurried forward and formed a line behind teacher jung-hwa , who led them in a slow , counterclockwise procession along the room 's perimeter . 
 as teacher jung-hwa walked , he stretched his arms overhead , swung them to his sides , and brought them to prayer against his chest . 
 he repeated the motion over and over again and adam and the others mirrored him . 
 they walked and the floorboards creaked beneath their feet . 
 after three laps around the room , teacher jung-hwa stopped and faced them . 
 their eyes fell to the floor . 
 `` we are often reminded , '' teacher jung-hwa said , `` in meditation , in reading of text , and in not-so-subtle messages from life itself , that our minds are not meant to dwell in the past . '' 
 he paused . 
 wind came through the hall , and the soft hum of traffic rumbled far away . 
 `` we are not meant to dwell in the past nor to dream of the future , but we are to concentrate on the present moment . 
 as you leave the hall today -- as you enter this world , perform your work , fall asleep on your beds tonight -- i encourage you to consider these words . 
 for it is only when the past is forgotten and the future released from our worried grasp that life may be lived as truly intended : as a joyful , steady procession of everlasting nows . '' 
 they bowed and left the hall . 
 many students left and continued on their day , but adam spent nearly as much time at the center as the monks , his days devoted to study , sitting quietly , and volunteering his time . 
 today he went to the basement galley , where a pile of the previous day 's dishes sat on a counter and awaited his scrubbing . 
 he went down the stairs , ran the faucet , and dipped his hands in soapy water , lifting plain , featureless pots and plates and mugs , washing them clean and drying them with the rag flung over his shoulder . 
 it was good , mindless work . 
 his hands knew the routine and needed no instruction , and his mind was free to meditate . 
 after some time , an hour perhaps , suk-chul entered the galley , plodding unmistakably down the stairs and shattering adam 's cultivated peace . 
 adam frowned . 
 his teeth and muscles clenched with anger , but he calmed himself at once , acknowledging the emotion and letting it pass . 
 suk-chul approached . 
 adam turned and nodded . 
 `` hey bud , '' adam said . 
 `` what brings you down here ? '' 
 `` adam , hello ! '' 
 said suk-chul . 
 `` i come bearing gifts . 
 or , gift -- singular -- to be exact . '' 
 he lifted a plain , paper box , extended it to adam , and bowed . 
 adam dried his hands on the rag and accepted the gift . 
 before opening the box or even judging its weight , he was fairly certain of its contents -- it was a book . 
 personal possessions , though not prohibited , were frowned upon at the center where he and suk-chuk studied , and to offer a gift of anything but venerated text was an obvious community faux pas . 
 `` happy birthday , adam , '' suk-chul said . 
 adam removed the masking tape from the box 's lid and looked inside , fully expecting another copy of the diamond sutra , or something by seung sahn , or perhaps alan watts if suk-chul was feeling especially progressive . 
 instead , he opened the box and found something entirely unfamiliar . 
 the book was old and thin , perhaps a hundred pages in all ; its spine was weak , pages were loose , and the back cover was torn in half . 
 the image on the front was an elaborate watercolor graphic that had faded with time ; ethereal human figures danced along a giant wheel surrounded by stars and gas clouds in outer space . 
 the title , printed in large , imposing text , was the cycle of rebirth : evidence and practice by dr. robert shoemaker . 
 `` huh , '' adam said , turning the book over in his hand , '' i 've never heard of this one . '' 
 `` yeah , probably not , '' said suk-chul , `` it 's not exactly required reading . '' 
 `` what is it ? 
 where did you find it ? '' 
 suk-chul grinned . 
 `` i found it on my parents ' bookshelf when i was eleven years old , crammed in there between a bunch of my dad 's old stephen king novels , '' he said . 
 `` i was just snooping around my dad 's office one day looking for something to waste my time , and this book caught my eye . 
 i picked it up , super curious , and just started reading right there on the carpet . 
 it blew me away . 
 i had never encountered these ideas before : reincarnation , meditation , enlightenment . 
 i spent like four hours in there reading , and after dinner i brought it up to my bedroom and read all night , sitting in bed with a flashlight on the pages . '' 
 suk-chul laughed . 
 `` it 's crazy how this stuff works , is n't it ? 
 i can trace my interest in buddhism back to that day . 
 everything i 've worked for since -- everything i 've learned and everything i am -- all started once upon a time with some lazy kid 's chance encounter with a book in his dad 's office . 
 my parents still have no idea how it got in our house . 
 they probably picked it up at a garage sale or something , brought it home , and forgot all about it as soon as they stuck it on the shelf . '' 
 `` how serendipitous . 
 you 've never told me that story before , '' adam said . 
 `` yeah . 
 well , it turns out that dr. shoemaker was a total fraud . 
 i read this book like five times when i was young . 
 when i got older , i started doing research . 
 shoemaker had no spiritual training at all , no doctorate -- he just threw the ` dr. ' in front of his name for dramatic effect -- and by the end of his career he was writing these conspiracy-theory books about space-aliens possessing famous senators and stuff like that . 
 if you bother to read this one -- and really , do n't feel obligated -- you 'll see how naive his understanding of eastern spirituality really is . '' 
 `` i do n't understand , '' adam said . 
 `` this book might be nonsense , but it planted the seed of truth in me . 
 shoemaker 's jumbled-up theories were a necessary first step in pursuing my life 's purpose and my initiation into this world , and i 'm still grateful for it . '' 
 adam bowed . 
 he remembered his first interest in buddhism , which had come as an old man in his previous life , living in busan , south korea , with david and tamar . 
 the cycle of death and rebirth had reminded him of his own condition , and he thought perhaps an answer lie in the buddhist pursuit of enlightenment . 
 `` i do n't know what to say , suk-chul . 
 thank you , but ... why give such a prized possession to me ? '' 
 `` well , for one thing , you 're my friend , and it 's your birthday , '' said suk-chul . 
 `` but also , i kind of think maybe you 're meant to have it . 
 do you remember that day last summer , when we all sat in the garden and teacher jung-hwa asked us why we desired to pursue the buddhist path ? '' 
 `` yeah , i do , '' adam said . 
 `` he 's rarely so direct . '' 
 `` most of us gave some bland , forgettable response . 
 stuff about the buddha 's words having changed us or something . 
 i think i said i hoped to improve the spiritual wellness of my own little corner of the world , whatever that means . 
 i remember thinking that it was kind of sad that such an important question was met with such uninspired responses , you know ? 
 yours was different though , adam . 
 when teacher jung-hwa confronted you , you stood -- you actually stood ! 
 -- and you said , ` i believe in the pursuit of nirvana . 
 i wish to end , once and for all , the cycle of death and life that has trapped me for far too long . '' ' 
 suk-chul laughed . 
 `` that shut us up for a bit ! '' 
 `` yeah , i remember , '' said adam . 
 `` teacher jung-hwa told me not to get ahead of myself . 
 ` it is better to travel well than to arrive . '' ' 
 `` yeah , something like that . 
 but i think you were right , adam . 
 really , at the end of the day , that 's why we 're here . 
 that 's why anyone pursues any religion . 
 they want answers , you know ? 
 the day-to-day stuff , the inner peace , the self-control , it 's great and everything , but it 's not what we 're really after . 
 not me , at least . 
 it 's the ultimate destiny that fuels our faith . 
 the teachers may not like you putting so much emphasis on it all the time , but the rest of us need someone like you to remind us why we 're really here . '' 
 suk-chul bowed . 
 `` so , in honor of your friendship , i offer you this gift . 
 and who knows , maybe dr. shoemaker 's little book will help you end the cycle of death and rebirth sooner than you thought . '' 
 `` thank you , '' adam said . 
 `` i was n't expecting any gifts today , much less one this thoughtful . '' 
 `` well , i 'm happy to give it . 
 hey , on another note , some of us are going to the movies tonight after the evening sitting . 
 want to join us ? 
 maybe grab a beer and celebrate the big 3-0 ? '' 
 `` that sounds like fun , '' adam said , `` but i have to pass . 
 i already have plans tonight . '' 
 `` oh , what is it ? '' 
 suk-chul asked . 
 `` you 're hiding something ; i can tell . 
 is it a girl ? 
 adam , i did n't know you have a girl ! 
 who is she ? 
 tell me ! '' 
 adam set his new book on a dry corner of the counter and returned to the sink full of dishes . 
 `` her name is tamar , and i have good reason to believe she 's my future wife . '' 
 `` seriously ? 
 wow ! 
 forget movie night then . 
 this is big ! 
 how did you meet her , by the way ? 
 you almost never go out . '' 
 adam shrugged . 
 `` i have n't yet . 
 not in this life , anyway . '' 
 suk-chul thought . 
 `` oh , okay , i got it . 
 soul-mates-across-the-millennia kind of thing ? 
 yeah , dr. shoemaker has a whole chapter about that stuff . 
 you know , you might like this book even more than i expected . '' 
 adam left the center that night , took a bus an hour across the city to cedar-riverside , and then walked the final six blocks to the triple rock social club . 
 the night was hot , as it always was , and the skinny , tattooed young men and women waiting in line outside the club wore tank tops and short shorts and little else . 
 adam stood in line and shut his eyes , retreating from the noise and sweeping away thoughts , emotions , and all awareness of the shouts , laughs , and bright traffic lights around him . 
 his breath was slow and steady ; the scent of fresh grass and humid air mixed with cigarettes and exhaust pipes in gusts of warm wind carried passed his nose . 
 he opened his eyes . 
 he reached the front of the line and offered his driver 's license to the bouncer who sat on the black stool outside the club . 
 the bouncer looked at the id briefly and nodded at the door . 
 `` happy birthday , brother , '' he said . 
 once inside , adam slipped through the crowd and made his way to the side room where there were fewer people and heavy brick walls softened the music . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 ruthie called to him from the back of the room . 
 she rose from her booth , crossed the floor , and wrapped him in a hug . 
 `` happy birthday adam ! 
 it 's great to see you . '' 
 he held her arms in his hands and smiled . 
 `` you look great , sis . 
 i 've missed you . '' 
 `` yeah , me too , '' she said . 
 `` we do n't do this nearly enough anymore . 
 you wan na sit down ? '' 
 adam nodded and followed ruthie to their booth . 
 `` i like what you did with your hair , '' he said . 
 `` thanks ! '' 
 `` i told her she looks like billy idol , '' said wayne from the corner of the booth . 
 ruthie sat next to him and punched him on the shoulder . 
 `` what ? 
 billy idol 's hot as hell , '' he said . 
 `` you remember this jerk , right adam ? '' 
 said ruthie . 
 `` yeah , of course . 
 hi , wayne , '' adam said . 
 `` hey . 
 happy birthday adam , '' wayne said and moved stray bangs from his eyes . 
 adam sighed . 
 he was still flushed from the walk to the bar , and he lifted a napkin and patted sweat from his forehead . 
 the other three sat there and stared at him expectantly , their hands in their laps and cold glasses of water sweating on the table in front of them . 
 adam felt tension that he had not experienced in his previous lives . 
 his friends were more rigid and self-conscious , as if awaiting his approval to relax , to have a drink , and to joke with their standard vulgarity . 
 since fully embracing the way of zen , adam had learned to accept social tentativeness among those not familiar with his lifestyle . 
 still , it was disappointing when it happened with family and friends . 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` so , should we order a pitcher or something ? '' 
 he asked . 
 ruthie looked at wayne and judah . 
 `` of , like , beer ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` yeah , of course . 
 we are here to celebrate a birthday , after all . '' 
 `` so monks are allowed to drink and stuff ? '' 
 wayne asked . 
 `` is this even legal , buddhistically speaking ? '' 
 `` i 'm not a monk , '' adam said . 
 `` but still , it 's less about the act and more about the intent and desire . 
 we do n't really have strict rules about what we can or can not do . 
 it 's more about balance . 
 at my center , the teachers say just about everything in the world is okay in moderation and just about everything is dangerous in excess . '' 
 `` so , you could still smoke if you wanted or watch tv ? '' 
 asked wayne . 
 `` lots of zen buddhists do . '' 
 `` what about sex ? 
 can you have sex ? '' 
 `` well , yeah , '' adam said . 
 `` it 's not like i had to take a vow of celibacy or anything . '' 
 `` oh , you just ca n't have excessive sex . '' 
 ruthie kicked wayne beneath the table . 
 `` sorry . 
 i do n't know how you do it , adam , '' wayne said . 
 `` i do n't think i could live without excessive sex . '' 
 ruthie groaned . 
 `` can we please not discuss your nasty little sex life again ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` somebody go order that pitcher already . 
 if adam is okay with us drinking , then dammit that 's what we 're gon na do . '' 
 the night went on mainly as adam remembered it . 
 for the next hour he nursed a single beer , ruthie and the boys drank many , and the crowd grew dense around them . 
 ruthie was in a loud mood , telling stories from adam 's and her youth and rarely stopping to breathe or let the others have a word . 
 adam laughed , nodded , and listened a bit , but his attention was mainly elsewhere . 
 he scanned the bar and the bathrooms in the back , awaiting tamar 's entrance , but after an hour she had still not arrived . 
 `` so , is it just the four of us tonight ? '' 
 adam asked . 
 `` yup , '' ruthie said . 
 `` unless you 're expecting someone . '' 
 `` no , i -- i guess not , '' adam said . 
 he looked around again . 
 having lived this night three times already , he recognized many of the faces scattered through the room , including a group of tamar 's friends at the far corner of the bar . 
 she was not among them . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` you did n't come with anyone else ? '' 
 `` sorry to disappoint , '' ruthie said , `` but it 's just you and us three derelicts tonight . 
 you know , you should have invited some of your friends from the center . 
 it 'd be great to meet them sometime . '' 
 `` yeah , '' adam said . 
 he looked to the barstool where tamar had always sat before . 
 where is she ? 
 he thought . 
 he shut his eyes and flushed his mind of worry . 
 of course , he thought , coming to understand her absence . 
 it was his commitment to the path of zen . 
 earlier this evening , ruthie , judah , and wayne had assumed that adam was some teetotaling ascetic ; they did not know his lifestyle or his expectations for this night . 
 adam 's current path had brought him peace and greater insight on his own particular cycle of life and death , but it had also separated him from his life 's usual course . 
 he had not pursued photography this time around , not made the same friends , and never spent a night drinking with ruthie at the ugly loon . 
 he doubted that ruthie , judah , and wayne had even considered inviting tamar to join them tonight . 
 and even if they had , how would she have responded to such an offer ? 
 tamar had never been one for religion or regulated behavior of any sort , and she would not have agreed to a night bereft of booze , blasphemy , and the potential for casual hookups , all to appease the sensibilities of some birthday-boy buddhist she had never even met . 
 adam wiped sweat from his forehead . 
 he understood tamar 's absence , but could not accept this night passing entirely without her . 
 at the very least , he had to hear her name . 
 `` so what 's your story , judah ? '' 
 adam asked . 
 `` i know all about these two , but you 've hardly said a word all night . '' 
 judah shrugged . 
 `` what do you want to know ? '' 
 `` well , where you do live ? 
 what do you do for work ? '' 
 `` i live over in northeast , have for a couple years now , '' judah said . 
 `` and i do n't really work . 
 not yet , anyway . 
 i 'm still a student . 
 i 'm a phd candidate in the u 's molecular chem program . '' 
 `` oh , '' adam said and nodded . 
 `` wait , really ? '' 
 he added , judah 's statement striking him a moment late . 
 adam was certain that judah had never been a student before . 
 in his previous lives , judah had worked at the university hospital as a lab technician , but he had never , as far as adam knew , returned to school for a phd . 
 until this moment , adam had never encountered a variation between lives that was not directly attributable to his own actions . 
 things often changed , but always due to adam 's own behavior and decisions . 
 judah 's statement -- that he had returned to school on his own accord -- implied something unprecedented . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 adam asked . 
 `` yeah , i 'm pretty sure '' judah said and laughed . 
 `` that 's -- unexpected , '' adam said . 
 he did n't understand . 
 he wondered how this could have happened . 
 he knew of the butterfly effect -- the anecdote about a butterfly flapping its wings in brazil and setting off a chain of events that culminates with a tornado in texas -- and he wondered if something similar had happened here . 
 perhaps , sometime in adam 's youth , he had done or said some small thing differently than before , and that variation had influenced another person in just the right way , and then another and another , until this long domino trail of unpredictable , escalating effects had made its way to judah and pressed his unlikely decision to pursue a phd . 
 it was the only explanation . 
 `` so , what about family ? '' 
 adam asked . 
 `` well , i was raised in edina , '' judah said . 
 `` my parents still have a house over there . 
 and that 's pretty much it . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i 'm jewish and peruvian , if you were wondering where i get these exotic good looks . '' 
 `` any siblings ? '' 
 adam asked . 
 `` jesus , adam , '' ruthie said . 
 `` should i get you two a room or something ? '' 
 judah shook his head . 
 `` nope . 
 no siblings . 
 it 's just me . '' 
 adam laughed . 
 `` really ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` it 's just you ? '' 
 `` yeah , i 'm an only child . 
 is there a reason that 's funny ? '' 
 adam laughed again . 
 he studied judah 's face and looked to ruthie and wayne for support , but they simply stared back , their faces red with drink and perplexity . 
 adam went pale . 
 `` i do n't understand , '' adam said . 
 `` it 's really not that difficult , '' said judah . 
 `` adam , is everything okay ? '' 
 ruthie asked . 
 adam felt dizzy . 
 his heart raced . 
 `` no , it 's not okay , '' he said . 
 he stood , steadied himself against the table , and looked at judah . 
 `` are you really telling me that you 're an only child ? 
 you do not have a younger sister , tamar núñez ? '' 
 `` what ? 
 no , man . 
 what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` tamar bethel núñez . 
 your sister ! 
 ok -- she was named after your great-aunt , tamar ginz , an auschwitz survivor who lived in maryland when you two were young . 
 she 's twenty-four years old , one year younger than you . 
 she 's tall and has black hair . 
 she moved back home with your parents , victor and judy , after getting kicked out of her apartment last month . '' 
 `` what the fuck , man ? 
 how do you know my parents ' names ? '' 
 `` adam , what is going on ? '' 
 asked ruthie . 
 `` this does n't make any sense ! '' 
 adam shouted . 
 `` how can she ... why is she gone ? 
 have you always been an only child ? 
 there was n't , like , some family tragedy when you were a kid or something ? '' 
 `` no , '' judah said . 
 `` it 's always been just me , you fucking lunatic . '' 
 `` adam , calm down , '' said ruthie . 
 `` you 're freaking us out . '' 
 adam hunched over the table , his forehead against the ledge and the room spinning around him . 
 the bar grew quiet as nearby patrons hushed their conversation and watched the scene unfold . 
 `` i have to go , '' adam said . 
 `` ruthie , i need to borrow your truck . '' 
 `` why ? 
 what the hell is this , adam ? '' 
 `` i ca n't explain . 
 there 's something i have to do . 
 please , i 'll drop it off at your place later tonight . '' 
 `` shit , okay , fine , '' ruthie said . 
 she pulled her keys from her purse and handed them to adam . 
 `` do you want me to go ? 
 i can drive . '' 
 but adam was already out the door , racing toward ruthie 's truck across the street . 
 he jumped in , revved the engine , and sped away , driving quickly and without a plan , his mind racing through thoughts and theories and the implications of it all . 
 he shouted and punched the dashboard . 
 memories of tamar surged to the front of his awareness and then fell apart , bursting like fireworks that trickle off in ashes . 
 `` oh god ! '' 
 he said , realizing that , for all these years , all this time in meditation , cultivating inner peace , he had been living in a world where tamar did not exist . 
 a world where his son , david , would never live . 
 adam parked . 
 he was on a residential street , surrounded by large homes , long driveways , and streetlights made of yellow bulbs that drooped like raindrops from cast-iron posts . 
 he shut off the truck 's engine . 
 it was a quiet night ; there was only the buzz of insects and the rumble of a train that passed in the distance . 
 adam rested his head on the steering wheel and tried to calm his breath . 
 he lifted his head , opened the truck 's front door , and looked across the street at the house nearest him , a tall english tudor with big chimneys and a wide lawn and cobblestone walkway from the street to the porch . 
 it was nearly midnight , but lights were still on inside the home , and a television flickered behind curtains on the ground floor . 
 adam climbed out of the truck and went across the street . 
 he jogged up the walkway , buzzed the front door bell , rapped his knuckles , and buzzed again . 
 a moment later the door creaked open . 
 tamar and judah 's mother , judy núñez , appeared behind the door chain . 
 she wrapped her nightgown tight around her chest . 
 `` what 's going on out here ? '' 
 judy whispered . 
 `` do you have any idea what time it is ? '' 
 `` judy ! '' 
 adam said . 
 `` oh god , i 'm so sorry . 
 listen -- '' he collected his breath . 
 `` this is strange , i know , but we need to talk . '' 
 `` do i know you ? 
 what 's this about ? '' 
 `` no , '' adam said . 
 `` you do n't know me . 
 not really , anyway . 
 but , i know you . 
 i need to talk to you about tamar . '' 
 judy blinked . 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i need to ask you about tamar , '' adam said . 
 `` your daughter , tamar bethel núñez . 
 you know what i 'm talking about , judy , i can see it in your eyes . 
 judah did n't know , but you do ! 
 please , what happened to her ? 
 i need to know . '' 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 judy asked . 
 `` why are you asking me this ? '' 
 `` my name is adam , and i 'm -- i love her . 
 i 'm supposed to be with her . 
 she 's supposed to be my wife ! 
 wait , please ! '' 
 adam shouted , but judy had slammed the door shut . 
 adam heard footsteps retreating down the hall inside . 
 he called to her , rang the bell , and knocked again . 
 he stood on the front porch and waited and listened . 
 no one came . 
 he sat , tired and afraid , his back to the door , staring out at the dark line of trees across the road . 
 the door swung open again and adam jumped up . 
 `` what the fuck is your problem ? '' 
 came a low voice as rough as an unpaved road . 
 adam turned and saw victor núñez stomping across the porch . 
 victor came with his belly and swung his wide shoulders , and his grey hair and beard shined white beneath the moon . 
 `` is this some kind of joke ? '' 
 victor asked . 
 `` who are you ? 
 who put you up to this ? '' 
 adam retreated and nearly fell . 
 `` no , sir . 
 it 's not a joke , '' he said . 
 `` my name is adam . 
 adam blake . 
 i care deeply about your daughter , tamar , and i just -- '' `` enough ! '' 
 victor shouted . 
 `` we have no daughter . 
 do you hear me ? 
 there has never been a tamar in this house . '' 
 `` but ... you know what i 'm talking about . 
 judy did as well . 
 please , sir , what 's going on ? '' 
 victor rushed at adam , but stopped just short . 
 he glanced at his neighbors ' homes on either side , and when he was certain they were still alone , he shook a thick finger at adam and came upon him again . 
 `` you want to know , you little shit ? '' 
 victor said beneath his breath . 
 `` she never lived . 
 is that what you came to hear ? 
 we had the name -- tamar bethel -- and the baby shower , the fucking crib , and nursery made up upstairs , but she did not survive . 
 the whole pregnancy was hard , the tests and the sickness and everything . 
 in the end ... '' victor sighed . 
 he looked out over the trees across the road . 
 `` it took judy years to recover . 
 we had judah , of course , but she thought something was wrong with her . 
 she blamed herself , blamed her body ... and now here you are , some boy on our doorstep late in the night drudging up terrible memories . 
 why do you do this ? 
 why torment my wife like this ? '' 
 `` i do n't understand , '' adam said . 
 `` this should n't happen . 
 we were so happy before . 
 things are supposed to get better ; that 's how karma works . 
 why would she be taken away from me ? '' 
 `` taken from you ? '' 
 victor asked . 
 `` what the fuck does this have to do with you ? 
 listen , you little shit -- i 'm going to bed . 
 i want you to leave , right now , you understand ? 
 if you stay , i 'll call the police . 
 if you come here again , you will not leave on your own two legs , i swear to god . 
 now go , boy . 
 get out of here ! '' 
 adam made his way back to the quiet street , but walked passed ruthie 's truck , wandering aimlessly away from victor and judy 's home , his mind racing , his stomach churning , and his legs growing weaker with each step . 
 he screamed and swung a fist into the humid air . 
 he was not interested in calming himself or clearing the storm of thoughts that had gathered in his mind . 
 tamar was gone , died before entering the world . 
 `` this does n't make any sense , '' adam said . 
 he came to a park , a wide green field with a bench and soccer goal and a chain-linked fence that separated the park from train tracks on the other side . 
 he paced the dark field , back and forth , shouting , clenching his fists , and stomping a trail of wet grass beneath his feet . 
 why ? 
 he thought . 
 why why why ? 
 the noise and chatter and thoughts that swirled within his mind suddenly went silent . 
 one statement -- explicit and strong -- appeared at the forefront of his awareness . 
 it was the voice of teacher jung-hwa repeating a phrase adam had heard a hundred times before : do not dwell in the past , or dream of the future , but concentrate on the present moment ... adam breathed . 
 he meditated on these words , but the calm did not last . 
 no , he thought , that 's not it ! 
 he was not concerned with his previous life or the pursuit of a particular future , but that tamar was gone , and david was gone ; human lives had been removed from the world . 
 why ? 
 he thought again . 
 why punish me with such a place ? 
 another moment of clarity came , and teacher jung-hwa 's voice filled his mind : a wise man , recognizing the world is an illusion , does not act as if it were real , and so escapes the suffering . 
 adam sat on the damp grass at the far end of the field with his back against the chain-linked fence . 
 his years of study had conditioned him to approach the world as temporary -- as illusion . 
 it had helped him understand his own unique condition ; he had come to believe that , perhaps , he was meant to relive this life , again and again , until the illusion was successfully shattered and the truth beyond revealed . 
 but what of those people , those souls , who populated this temporary world ? 
 were they not real ? 
 were they part of the illusion ? 
 could entire lives be erased from existence simply to teach adam a lesson ? 
 he refused to accept it . 
 he heard teacher jung-hwa 's voice again : a mind can not be unified until fully detached from the world . 
 he who loves fifty people has fifty woes ; he who loves no one has no woes . 
 `` fuck that , '' adam said out loud , the words lingering in the air . 
 the night responded with a low , rumbling noise , growing louder and shaking the earth . 
 adam turned . 
 a bright headlight emerged at the horizon on the other side of the fence . 
 a whistle blew , louder and louder . 
 adam stood and climbed the fence . 
 he considered the stories in ancient texts of masters who , when finished with this life , had chosen the exact moment and place to leave the earth behind . 
 he walked to the tracks and thought of thich quang duc , the vietnamese monk who had famously sat in lotus and set himself on fire before that crowd in saigon . 
 these men had accepted death , knowing full well they would live again , and adam shared that certainty . 
 he had lived four lives and surely had more to come . 
 why should he accept this place , this deficient world , lacking those people he loved the most , when other , richer worlds awaited in future lives ? 
 the train came closer , and adam stood beside the tracks . 
 `` no ! '' 
 he said . 
 `` i do not accept . '' 
 the engine roared , and adam shouted with it . 
 `` you ca n't just blot people out of existence . 
 what kind of system is that ? '' 
 the ground shook . 
 adam braced his legs and crouched . 
 `` i choose her , '' he said , `` i choose them ! '' 
 and he leapt before the train . 
 the train raced forward , its grill striking adam 's body , tearing his flesh and shattering his bones . 
 brakes screeched and echoed over the trees and field , but before the train had slowed a bit , adam felt no more . 
 her arms fell to her sides , and the four lines of script tattooed there hid against her t-shirt and jeans . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' adam said . 
 `` i should n't have pried . 
 i do n't know you well enough to pry . '' 
 tamar shrugged . 
 `` whatever , '' she said . 
 `` how else are people supposed to get to know each other if they do n't pry once in a while ? '' 
 she waved to a waitress and pointed at their empty drinks , and adam caught sight of her other tattoo he had noticed from across the bar . 
 this one stretched down her chest , around her shoulder , and up her neck , but for most of the night had been hidden behind her shirt and dark hair . 
 adam ran a hand through her hair and parted it off her neck . 
 `` in that case , what 's the meaning behind this cuddly little guy ? '' 
 adam asked . 
 tamar stretched her neck and adam traced the outline of the tattoo with his finger . 
 it was a polar bear , etched in intricate detail of muscle and fur against her olive skin . 
 its hind paws were on her chest , its torso over her collarbone and neck , and its eyes looked out behind her long , silver earring . 
 `` take a guess . '' 
 `` okay , '' adam said . 
 he brought his face close and studied the image , close enough to smell her hair and the sweat that had dried on the back of her neck . 
 `` how about this , '' he said . 
 `` okay , so the tattoo on your arm recalls your jewish faith , so clearly the huge , terrifying polar bear on your neck honors your -- i do n't know -- eskimo heritage ? '' 
 tamar laughed . 
 `` nope , try again . '' 
 `` okay , '' adam said . 
 he again lifted the hair from her neck . 
 he touched the image softly with his thumb . 
 `` it 's your spirit animal , right ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` a what ? '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` what the hell is a spirit animal ? '' 
 `` you know , like from that movie ? 
 the one where the kids all walk around and they 're followed by these imaginary animals , and the animals talk to them and guide them , but they also kind of like represent a part of the kid 's own psyche . 
 a spirit animal . '' 
 tamar grinned . 
 `` okay , '' she said . 
 `` so why is my psyche a polar bear , mr. psychoanalyst man ? '' 
 `` well , '' adam said . 
 he thought for a minute . 
 the waitress brought their drinks , and tamar reached for hers . 
 `` polar bears are like the most ferocious animals on earth , right ? '' 
 `` go on ... '' she said . 
 `` yeah , i read one time that they 're like the only animals in the world that will hunt human beings , not just kill us in self-defense or fear , but actually track us down , as if we were prey . 
 did you know that ? '' 
 `` no . 
 pretty badass though . '' 
 `` they 're these giant , monstrous things -- '' `` are you calling me fat ? '' 
 `` what ? 
 no . 
 i 'm sorry , '' adam said . 
 he hiccupped . 
 `` what i 'm saying is -- we should be terrified of polar bears . 
 they ought to be this universal symbol of fear , like snakes or bats or something . 
 they 're carnivorous , bloodthirsty , and wild , but they 're also kind of adorable . 
 everyone agrees they 're super cute , right ? 
 we let our babies cuddle with polar bear stuffed animals . 
 every christmas cartoon polar bears go on tv and sell us diet coke . 
 they 're these dangerous , man-eating , totally autonomous forces of nature , yet we feel this weird compulsion to -- '' `` tame them ? '' 
 tamar asked . 
 `` yeah , '' adam said . 
 `` exactly . '' 
 tamar nodded . 
 `` i like that , '' she said . 
 `` even more than the eskimo thing . '' 
 `` is it right ? '' 
 adam asked . 
 she laughed . 
 `` no . 
 not even close . '' 
 tamar stood from the table and stretched her arms overhead and the crowd of people around them stepped back and made her space . 
 she looked to adam . 
 `` i want to dance . 
 do you want to dance ? '' 
 she asked . 
 adam hiccupped again . 
 `` um , yeah , okay , '' he said . 
 `` cool , '' she said and turned and slipped through the crowd . 
 adam quickly downed his drink and went after her , catching her hand before she disappeared , carried along as she swerved through groups , under drink trays , across the bar , and into the next room . 
 five he awoke in a hot place with light so bright that it burned his eyes though he had no eyes to burn . 
 everything there was heat , weight , and density . 
 the air pressed against him and suffocated him like smoke . 
 wind lashed and cried and carried the stench of sulfur and soot . 
 everything burned ; everything was constrained . 
 adam 's vision had not yet adjusted to the light around him , and he saw little , only a burning haze of yellow , orange , and red , shifting slowly in the forefront of his vision and smothering him like a cloak . 
 he tried to scream but could not . 
 slowly , his sight returned . 
 clouds hung in the air , thick , black , red things , stretching from one horizon to the other , bulging and rumbling and flashing with dark bursts of electricity deep inside . 
 beneath the clouds , closer to the ground , dark twisters of burning ash rose in the wind . 
 they hissed and singed , reaching from the sky to the barren earth below . 
 and in the distance , a mountain stood , tall and lifeless with smoke billowing from its top and lava flowing down its side . 
 the lava formed dark rivers that bled across the jagged terrain , melting rock and churning hot steam into the air . 
 adam felt suffocated , consumed , stuck in that place , and could think of nothing but the urge to scream and hide from the pain and desolation that surrounded him . 
 he began to rise , above the wind , above the mountain , deep into clouds as heavy as the ocean and as hot as the sun . 
 thunder and pressure were everywhere . 
 he begged for it all to stop . 
 and then , as quickly as it had appeared , the scene began to fade . 
 the wind stalled , the sky grew black , and the weight of the air eased . 
 adam looked down and saw a darkness burgeoning at the horizons . 
 black , shadowy stuff moved like a flood of molasses and crept slowly inward and blanketed the land . 
 it consumed the molten rivers , the rocks , the mountain , and the smoke . 
 the darkness spread , covering all , everything and everywhere , a vast and permanent void , terrible but familiar , and adam was grateful for it . 
 he rose higher , embraced the void , and submitted to it as if in prayer . 
 the dance floor in the adjacent room was a concrete pit set between an elevated bar on one side and a dj booth on the other . 
 it was humid and swarming in there ; fog covered the mirror behind the bar and a cloud of perspiration hovered over the mob of bopping bodies underneath . 
 a heavy , repetitive bass thumped against the windows . 
 tamar pulled adam by the hand to the center of the dance floor , whipping him around like a greyhound on a lease . 
 she shouted something inaudible over the music , brought his hands to her waist , and threw her arms upward . 
 they danced there but had space to do little else but bounce and sway , pressed against each other and the bare skin of a dozen strangers . 
 adam was not good at this -- he was all shoulders and elbows and heavy feet -- so he brought his hands low to tamar 's hips and followed the serpentine twists and sways she made against his body . 
 she laughed and ran her fingers through his hair . 
 overhead lights flashed and strobed , music thumped , and their bodies moved with the crowd as if caught in a living tide . 
 it coalesced , the booze and noise and sweat and lights ; songs bled one to another ; time blurred ; and adam realized they were kissing , though he was unsure how , or when , it had begun . 
 tamar turned her back and set her head against his chest , and they danced that way for a while . 
 he touched her jaw , guided it to his lips , and kissed her again . 
 later , the music stopped and the lights came on and they shuffled slowly with the crowd to the doors . 
 they crossed the street , sat on the curb , and watched a wave of people -- stumbling , laughing , and grabbing each other -- gush from the club and spread over the street like a flood . 
 adam spotted wayne , judah , and ruthie in the crowd , swaying with their arms locked at the elbows and ambling in their direction . 
 tamar stood and waved them over . 
 `` you 're still here ! '' 
 wayne said . 
 `` i thought you two lovebirds would have gone back to adam 's place by now . '' 
 `` yeah , '' said judah , `` or at least out back behind the dumpsters . '' 
 adam laughed and blushed , and tamar rested her head against his shoulder . 
 `` well , i hate to be a buzzkill , but this one 's ready for bed , '' judah said and nodded at ruthie , who was propped up between the two boys , her arms stretched over their shoulders and feet shuffling limply against the ground . 
 she groaned her agreement , swayed , and spun loose , tumbling back and smacking her hand against the front hood of a taxi that had pulled up behind them . 
 she hunched against the cab , curled herself into a ball , and groaned again . 
 `` easy , girl , '' judah said . 
 he crouched beside ruthie and rubbed her back . 
 wayne opened the cab 's back door , helped her up and in , and judah crawled in after her . 
 `` are you two coming ? '' 
 wayne asked adam and tamar . 
 `` we 'll get little miss whiskey here in bed and then head to my place for a nightcap ? '' 
 tamar began to pull adam toward the cab , and he glanced at his watch for the first time in hours . 
 `` oh , god , '' he said . 
 `` it 's 2:15 ? 
 jesus , i have to be at work in like five hours . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 wayne asked . 
 `` what day is it ? '' 
 `` tuesday , '' adam said . 
 `` do none of you have to work tomorrow ? '' 
 tamar and wayne stared at him , and adam suddenly felt much more sober than he had a moment before . 
 he rubbed his eyes . 
 `` what am i doing ? '' 
 he muttered . 
 `` well , are you coming or not ? '' 
 tamar asked . 
 adam shrugged . 
 `` i ca n't , '' he said . 
 `` i mean , i was only planning on coming out for a drink or two . '' 
 `` oh , '' tamar said . 
 `` so tonight was n't worth it ? 
 you wish you would have just gone home hours ago ? '' 
 `` that 's not what i mean . 
 it 's just -- i have this huge project due friday that i 'm totally -- '' tamar waved her hand as if swatting his words away . 
 `` i get it . 
 got ta take care of your shit , right ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` it 's kind of an anticlimactic way to end your twenties , but whatever . '' 
 `` i know , '' adam said . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 it was great meeting you tonight though . 
 i 'll call you tomorrow ? '' 
 but tamar had already crawled in the cab next to judah and shut the door behind her . 
 adam frowned at wayne . 
 `` i 'm screwing this up , are n't i ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yeah , probably , '' wayne said . 
 `` tamar 's not really a call-me-tomorrow kind of gal , you know ? 
 she 's like me ; we 'd rather chase the night until we 're passed out on some random bathroom floor than call it quits early and miss something fun . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` why do n't you come ? 
 we 'll get ruthie home safe , stop by my place , drink cheap wine ; judah will dj and play whatever terrible band he 's into this week . 
 it 'll be fun . 
 it 's not like you 're getting good sleep tonight anyway . 
 and tamar wo n't wake up tomorrow thinking about how lame you turned out to be . '' 
 the taxi driver honked . 
 adam ducked and looked into the backseat of the cab and saw tamar talking on her phone , her face and expression hidden behind black hair . 
 adam groaned . 
 he wondered whom she was talking to , and if she might finish the night with someone else . 
 `` i wish i could , '' he said . 
 `` i just ... this is n't me , you know ? 
 i do n't do this . '' 
 wayne shrugged . 
 `` suit yourself . 
 happy birthday , adam . '' 
 he got in the front seat of the cab and shut the door , and the taxi drove away . 
 adam sighed . 
 he walked in the direction of his car , stopping often to avoid drunken revelers dancing along the road , fanning heat off his neck , and checking his watch every half-block . 
 he tried to calculate the latest possible time he could set his alarm tomorrow morning , but was distracted by the image of tamar in the back of that cab , talking on the phone to god knows whom . 
 he wondered where she would end the night and whether it was even worth calling after finishing things like this . 
 the street grew quiet as he walked farther from the club . 
 he swayed , felt a wave of nausea , and realized he was still much drunker than presumed . 
 he walked past his car and found a twenty-four-hour diner a few blocks away , its sign lit with neon and window bright with red booths filled with drunken , jovial patrons who , like he , had wandered over from nearby bars . 
 he crossed the street and went in to sober up . 
 six he rose higher into the void -- darkness , emptiness , on and on forever -- the same up as below , nothing to see or hear or smell . 
 he rose and it did not change . 
 adam had died many times before , but this was different . 
 no sudden jerk pulled him down to the scene of his most recent death . 
 there was no backward replay through life . 
 he simply rose , drifted through the void : permanent , dark , and hollow . 
 his mind slowed to a crawl . 
 his sense of time dissolved . 
 moments passed -- seconds , years -- with no thought , no emotion , and no consciousness . 
 his mind was a reflection of his environment : dark , empty , nothing more , as if the void had seeped into his soul , flowed within and filled the empty spaces of his mind , swallowed his memories and worries and any sense of self at all . 
 after previous deaths , adam had seen the darkness move like a flood of molasses over cities and fields . 
 now it did the same to him . 
 it swelled until there was nothing left , everything forgotten , consumed , and lost . 
 adam thought this was the end , and then he thought no more . 
 the void changed . 
 forms appeared , hardly discernable shapes and patterns of black mass , rising like fog off a cold lake , growing in density and clarity , moving slowly forward and enveloping adam , and he became aware of himself once more . 
 the forms solidified and shimmering bits of light flickered behind them , revealing textures and contour and shadows . 
 adam rose higher , and the light behind the forms intensified . 
 it crackled and sparked , energizing this place . 
 rays of color discharged : bright streaks of blue , green , yellow , and brown , running in stripes across adam 's vision and then collapsing together like watercolors on a rainy day . 
 the colors fell against the forms , and a familiar scene emerged . 
 streaks of green fell upon structures , and they became bushes and trees ; blues stretched across the sky ; yellow around a bright sun ; brown laid down upon long , dirt paths . 
 it was a bright , cloudless day in this place , warm but with a cool breeze running through the leaves , and adam drifted through the forest at close to ground level . 
 he ascended , but slowly , and on a gentler incline than after his previous deaths . 
 a boy was on the path ahead of him , wearing boots and tan shorts , swinging a large stick at a tree as if it were a sword . 
 the boy shouted , lifted an imaginary shield , and stabbed his stick at the center of the tree . 
 adam moved toward him . 
 he drifted higher , through leaves and branches , unaffected by the wind , on a direct trajectory with the back of the boy 's skull . 
 he came closer , braced himself for collision , and suddenly the boy yelped . 
 he spun around , stepped to the side , and looked adam 's way . 
 he stared . 
 the boy was adam , twelve-years-old , rosy-cheeked , his face bright with sweat . 
 the boy -- young adam -- squinted and scanned , as if he had heard his name called in the distance . 
 he glanced left and right and scratched his neck . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 he called , and there was no response . 
 he waited , shrugged , shouted a birdcall at the branches above , and resumed his swordfight with the tree . 
 adam drifted past . 
 he rose above the young image of himself , above the tallest trees and hills , and up and into the cloudless , blue sky . 
 he looked down to the forest , and the scene below grew dim . 
 darkness emerged at the horizons . 
 black , shadowy stuff crept slowly inward and blanketed the trees and hills and the blue sky and burning sun . 
 the darkness spread . 
 adam rose into the void . 
 the diner was loud , full of laughing , shouting patrons , plates and mugs that clinked and chimed and silverware gathered and thrown in the metal sink behind the serving counter in the back . 
 adam sat alone in a booth near the front window . 
 the waitress brought coffee , and adam drank it , checked his phone , and looked out at the dark , quiet street , still but for the wind that scattered leaves and empty beer cans down along the curb . 
 his leg jittered beneath the table , and he checked his phone again . 
 it was three in the morning now , and he had no good reason to expect a call or text , but for no matter . 
 he went on checking anyway . 
 he thought of tamar in the back of that cab , her face hidden behind black hair , on her phone with someone -- god knows who -- someone still awake at two o’clock on a tuesday morning , ready and willing to meet up and capitalize on adam 's evening , to share a nightcap with the girl he ought to be with now , if only he had jumped in the back of that cab rather than stand there and gripe about work and the need for a little sleep . 
 he groaned . 
 he looked over at his phone again . 
 it was blank , and he frowned . 
 the table behind him burst into laughter , and adam slouched forward over his eggs . 
 fucking work , he thought . 
 despite the near constant surveillance he had directed at his phone since arriving at the diner an hour before , adam realized he had not bothered to check his email since leaving work seven hours earlier . 
 he pulled his phone to the edge of the table , tapped the inbox icon , and squinted , his eyes dry and contacts stiff with crystalizing sweat . 
 `` oh , jesus , '' he said , finding a long chain of unread emails , all marked urgent , with subject lines of capital letters and meeting invites for early that morning . 
 he pushed the phone away and waved at the waitress across the room and lifted his empty mug . 
 she saw him , nodded , but returned to a conversation with a busboy fidgeting with the cigarette tucked behind his ear . 
 adam shut his eyes and waited . 
 he rubbed his face . 
 his head hurt now , his mind aching and hungry for sleep . 
 a loud buzz against his table startled him awake . 
 he leaned over the mug and plate of eggs and looked at his phone . 
 it was illuminated blue with a text notification . 
 tamar núñez , the notification said . 
 adam grinned , sat up straight , and read the text : hot as balls out tonight . 
 u up for a swim ? 
 adam laughed . 
 he squinted , rubbed his eyes , shut one eye and peered at the text , verifying its actuality , and the phone buzzed again . 
 got ruthie home safe btw . 
 `` i get you anything else ? '' 
 the waitress asked as she refilled adam 's mug . 
 `` no , just the check please . 
 and maybe a to-go cup ? '' 
 adam said . 
 the waitress nodded and walked away , and adam hunched over the phone and grinned . 
 tonight ? 
 he typed . 
 a moment later he received the response . 
 ya tonight . 
 meet at lake nokomis . 
 suits optional : -rrb- adam laughed again . 
 he was awake now , aided by caffeine and these unexpected texts , but he thought of work , tomorrow 's early meetings , and the email chain he had not yet read . 
 he imagined the headache , the puffy eyes , the ringing in his ears , and the futility of showing up at all now that the night had gone this long . 
 `` oh , fuck it , '' he said . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 the waitress asked . 
 she withdrew the styrofoam cup she had extended adam 's way . 
 `` no , not you , sorry , '' he said , waving the phone and pointing at it . 
 she rolled her eyes , gave him the cup and the bill , and went away . 
 adam typed a response : on my way . 
 seven `` the problem , really , is in the level of detail , do n't you think ? 
 i mean , any prophet worth his salt knows to embrace a little ambiguity from time to time . '' 
 it was a bright morning , and meredith palm and colleen leprince jogged down state street past athletic fields and empty homes , overgrown grass and budding trees , dorm rooms and apartment buildings left quiet for the summer . 
 colleen spoke and meredith listened , breathing quickly , lagging a stride behind the younger woman , and responding with a murmur or a grunt when the conversation warranted it . 
 `` whether you 're nostradamus or some fearmonger on am radio , '' colleen was saying , `` you need to be compelling enough to get people riled up , but vague enough that evidence of your authority is found in just about anything . 
 postdiction is crucial . 
 you know , say something like , ` the antichrist shall rise from the east , ' and anybody born east of anybody else is fair game . 
 that kind of thing . '' 
 `` mm-hmm , '' meredith said . 
 she slowed her pace , and colleen followed suit . 
 wind blew and birds chirped in the trees above them and a lawnmower growled some ways down the street , and meredith caught her breath and listened . 
 a month ago this street sang with traffic and students and music rumbling from the walls of these homes . 
 it was alive and messy , with sofas on porches and kegs on lawns , study groups and lovers meeting behind curtains in the windows up above . 
 but today it was quiet , an idle peace , warm and empty . 
 meredith frowned . 
 many of her peers savored these passive months of summer when the students were away , but the inactivity made meredith anxious . 
 the empty classrooms kept her pining for the fall . 
 wind sighed through leaves and the curls of meredith 's hair . 
 `` this kid though , he 's just so specific , '' colleen said . 
 `` he 's naming presidential election winners , super bowl champions , natural disasters -- exact dates and locations of where they 'll hit . 
 it 's incredibly creative ; i 'll give him that . 
 but his star is gon na burn out pretty quick after a few of these predictions fall short . '' 
 `` what book are we talking about again ? '' 
 meredith asked . 
 `` glimpse of the millennium . 
 how 's that for a title ? 
 the author is just some kid -- some nineteen or twenty-year-old boy from minnesota . 
 he knows the future , apparently , and this book is his outline of the first decade of the 2000s . 
 i 'm surprised you have n't heard of this , meredith . 
 it 's been a bestseller for months . '' 
 `` hmm , '' said meredith . 
 they turned on stadium boulevard and faced a long , steady incline , nearly a mile in length and short on trees to offer shade . 
 meredith squinted , worried about the sun . 
 her light skin was quick to burn , and though it was still early in the day , she felt heat rising off her bare shoulders and arms . 
 colleen , meanwhile , appeared unfazed . 
 she jogged forward , young , coppery , and strong , energized by summer heat and good conversation with her tenured friend . 
 `` what does this new prophet have to say about the impending y2k meltdown ? '' 
 meredith asked . 
 `` not much , '' colleen said . 
 `` small stuff -- a couple of vegas slot machines break down , some bus-ticket validation systems go haywire -- little computer glitches like that , but nothing more . '' 
 `` earth shattering . '' 
 `` i know , right ? '' 
 `` so why does this book have you so animated , coll ? 
 the bookstores are full of millennial prophets these days . 
 what 's so unique about this one , specifically , that it has caught your attention and your ire ? '' 
 meredith asked . 
 she immediately grimaced , embarrassed , again catching herself slip into that professorial tone and pattern of speech typically reserved for office hours . 
 even after two years of friendship , she still had a habit of speaking to colleen as if she were a student , not a colleague , especially during the slow , vacant months of summer when there was no one else to teach . 
 `` i 'm not irate , meredith , '' colleen said , `` i 'm perplexed . 
 contemporary religion is my field of study , so usually these modern-day prophets are right up my alley . 
 but this one is so strange . 
 and -- oh god -- the explanation ! 
 meredith , you 're a physicist , you 'll love the explanation he gives for his knowledge . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` well , technically , he 's not claiming to be a prophet at all , not in the traditional sense , anyway . 
 he 's not a clairvoyant or a medium or anything like that . 
 apparently , he 's trapped in some kind of time loop , living the same life over and over again . 
 he 's lived through the next decade plenty of times already , so he 's not so much predicting the future as he is recalling his own past . '' 
 `` that 's different . '' 
 `` it really is . 
 he claims his whole motive for publishing this book is to draw attention to his weird condition . 
 he wants to find out if he 's alone , if anyone else is stuck in a similar loop , or if anyone knows how to make it stop . '' 
 `` okay , now i 'm curious . 
 what kind of stuff does he predict for the next decade ? '' 
 `` well , it 's not apocalyptic in the least , which is another unique characteristic in the genre . 
 if anything , the book reads like history . 
 bush jr. wins the next two elections -- '' `` that 's not apocalyptic ? '' 
 `` there are a few standout natural disasters , terrorist attacks , pop culture references , wars , politics . 
 really , the book is just as advertised : it 's a detailed synopsis of an entire decade , one no more or less extraordinary than any other . '' 
 `` and you think he made it all up ? '' 
 colleen laughed . 
 `` what else am i supposed to think ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' meredith said and shrugged . 
 `` it 's fun to entertain the alternative . 
 a boy is stuck in a time loop , looking for a way out ... you know , this would make a good extra credit project for my survey of theoretical physics course . 
 establish a convincing , physics-based explanation for the young prophet 's unfortunate condition , without violating the standard model . 
 bonus points for finding him a solution . '' 
 `` i guess . 
 i suppose i 'm less interested in the nuts-and-bolts mechanics than in the social response engendered by it all , '' colleen said . 
 `` but you 're really willing to take it seriously ? '' 
 `` yeah , why not ? '' 
 meredith said . 
 `` great advancements in science often start with someone willing to ponder the pointless . 
 i make it a habit . '' 
 they paused their jog at an intersection and waited for traffic to pass . 
 `` okay then , ms. palm the ponderer , let 's hear your pointless explanation for how some random kid in minnesota got stuck in an everlasting time loop . '' 
 meredith blew at a droplet of sweat collecting at the tip of her nose and thought . 
 `` you 're going to think i 'm full of it , coll , '' she said , `` but i actually have a pretty good idea . '' 
 * * * * * * * everett opened the door and rose from the back of the limousine . 
 he stood on the asphalt for a minute , blocking the door , still as a streetlight except for the black pants and suit jacket that hung loose on his body and flapped in gusts of cold wind . 
 he scanned their surroundings . 
 a chill seeped into the limousine and adam zipped his jacket . 
 after a minute , everett turned and bent over , his big jaw just visible from adam 's place in the backseat . 
 `` all clear , sir , '' he said . 
 adam emerged from the limousine , and everett shut the door behind him . 
 the sky was gray from one horizon to the other , but still bright enough that adam lifted a hand to cover his eyes . 
 `` this is the place ? '' 
 adam asked . 
 `` it 's the place you requested , sir . '' 
 adam frowned at the wind , at the glare , and at the scene before him . 
 he and everett were standing in a strip mall parking lot on the side of a busy road in flint , michigan , surrounded by minivans and old sedans , all american-made and mostly lined with rust . 
 the asphalt was cracked beneath their feet , and the storefronts were marked with faded graffiti . 
 everett 's partner , harris , stood in front of a coffee shop across the lot , his back against the window . 
 he and everett exchanged a nod . 
 `` shall we , sir ? '' 
 everett asked . 
 adam tucked his hands into his jacket pockets and went without a word . 
 inside , the shop was nicer than expected . 
 it was warm , with tall ceilings and redbrick walls and the scent of fresh beans in the air . 
 an assortment of old furniture , sofas , loveseats , and rocking chairs , were scattered throughout the room , all facing the back corner where an older , bald man sat on a stool and read poetry into a microphone . 
 the man finished his poem and the few dozen people gathered there applauded , but an espresso machine rumbled behind the counter and swallowed the sound of their hands . 
 adam took a seat on an empty couch near the front door . 
 everett and harris stood against the wall behind him . 
 `` thank you , so very much , '' the poet said into the microphone . 
 `` okay . 
 well , our next reading comes from a familiar face for those of you who are regulars around here . 
 she always has something great up her sleeve , and i for one ca n't wait to hear what she has in store today . 
 ladies and gents , let 's welcome tammy núñez to the stool . '' 
 there was more applause , and a woman seated across the room gathered her things and stood . 
 tammy ? 
 adam thought . 
 tamar stepped to the microphone , her gray hair pulled in a bun and her eyes heavier than adam had ever seen before . 
 the polar bear tattoo remained etched against her neck , now loose and faded on her wrinkled skin . 
 tamar fidgeted with the bottom band of her sweater and pulled a single sheet of paper from her back jean pocket . 
 she smiled , weary , and adam smiled with her . 
 he sat forward at the edge of his couch . 
 `` hi , good morning , '' tamar said into the microphone . 
 feedback hummed and she adjusted the mic . 
 `` so , um , the piece i 'm going to read today is called red balloon . 
 it 's about ... well , i guess -- ah never mind . '' 
 she waved her hand , as if swatting at a thought . 
 `` i 'm supposed to let you figure that part out on your own , are n't i ? '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` anyway ... '' tamar tucked hair behind her ear and cleared her throat . 
 she lifted the paper in her hand and read : ribbon freed from little hands rise toward white clouds billowing , welcoming , dancing in clear blue sky . 
 the ground below , still near is lost like the name of an old friend . 
 rise , as your function above rooftops , old restraints chairs , stones , skinny wrists . 
 be gone , ascend at the mercy of the wind free of the earth live among the clouds and other things that fly . 
 and drift slowly , inevitably to the tree in the backyard , casting heavy shadows with branches and canopy of leaves . 
 be lodged there , trapped , await rescue and return to familiar confinement . 
 the sky unattainable , a distant dream . 
 your home is a low place indoors , wood ceilings , stifled air where children are the dancing clouds their laughter is your only wind . 
 tamar bowed to light applause , gathered her bag , and went across the room . 
 she stood in line at the coffee counter as the bald poet-host thanked her and called the next reader to the microphone . 
 adam stood and went after tamar , maneuvering the narrow places between couches , tables , and chairs , lurching over bags and nearly tripping over a young woman 's outstretched legs . 
 he reached the counter and went in line behind her , close enough to smell her hair , to see the frays and lint of her sweater , to reach his arms around her hips and pull her close to him . 
 before today , adam had not seen tamar since his death at the end of his third life -- the life they had shared together as husband and wife for forty years . 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` tamar ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she turned and her eyebrows rose and adam remembered that look from the thousand times he had called her name before . 
 `` hi -- sorry -- i 'm adam , '' he said , smiling and staring into her dark eyes . 
 `` adam blake . '' 
 he extended his hand . 
 tamar shook it , but adam 's grip was too personal , too long and intimate , and she pulled her hand away . 
 `` i loved your poem , '' he said , pointing a thumb over his shoulder in the direction of the stool . 
 `` it 's new , is n't it ? '' 
 `` yes , '' she said . 
 `` first time i 've ever read it out loud . '' 
 adam nodded . 
 `` i never heard you write that way before , with all that regret , the pining for opportunities lost . '' 
 `` really ? 
 i 've always thought that 's kind of my thing , '' she said and laughed . 
 `` are you so familiar with my work , mr. -- '' `` blake . 
 and yes . 
 i was , a long time ago . '' 
 `` oh , '' she said . 
 `` well , maybe the older i get , the more i look back and find things worth regretting . '' 
 `` you 're not that old , '' adam said . 
 `` oldest i 've ever been . '' 
 `` not necessarily . '' 
 tamar squinted , as if at a joke she had not understood . 
 `` adam blake ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` that name sounds so familiar . 
 have we met before ? '' 
 `` well , '' adam laughed , `` not really . 
 it 's a bit complicated . '' 
 `` is it ? 
 it seems like a pretty straightforward question to me . 
 we 've either met or we have n't . '' 
 `` yes . 
 well , in my case , the past is never very straightforward . '' 
 tamar laughed . 
 `` no . 
 in fact , it 's often straight backward , is n't it ? '' 
 adam smiled , but did not respond . 
 he gazed at her dark eyes , heavy and burdened but still incandescent , lit with hints of vitality like residual embers of a fire . 
 `` holy shit ! '' 
 tamar said , and her eyes went wide . 
 `` it 's you ! '' 
 adam saw the recollection on her face and -- for a moment -- he dreamed she remembered him as he remembered her , that memories had rushed forward and filled her mind , of the night they first met ; their life together ; their marriage and son ; the comfort she had known in forty years of falling asleep against his chest . 
 `` you 're that guy ! '' 
 tamar said . 
 `` that prophet or whatever . 
 jesus , i remember that now . 
 adam blake . 
 yes ! 
 you wrote that book , glimpse of the somethingsomething where you made all those predictions about the future . 
 that was you , was n't it ? '' 
 `` it was , '' adam said . 
 `` god ! '' 
 she said . 
 `` what was that , forty years ago ? 
 what are you doing here ? 
 i thought i read you had become some kind of crazy old hermit nowadays . '' 
 `` guilty as charged , i 'm afraid , '' he said . 
 `` wow . 
 and yet here you are , breaking decades of mystery and solitude to chat up old ladies at open mic morning in flint , michigan . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` you know , i used to fantasize about this when i was young . '' 
 `` about what ? '' 
 adam asked . 
 `` about you ! 
 about a chance encounter with adam blake , the famous prophet , a boy just a little older than me , who was living in my own home state . 
 i remember being at parties , at the mall , or at the library with my brother , and i 'd imagine you appearing and whisking me away and telling me all about my future -- whom i 'd marry , how great things would be , and how inevitably miserable all those bitches in my class turn out . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` and now here you are , just half a century late . 
 if you 've come to read my fortune , mr. blake , i wish you could 've been a little more prompt about it . '' 
 `` no , '' adam said . 
 `` i do n't have any insight on your life from here on out . '' 
 he reached for her hand , but thought better of it . 
 `` the truth is , i 've missed you , tamar . 
 more than you can possibly imagine . '' 
 `` missed me ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 and now that i 'm here , i do n't know why this took me so long . 
 do you mind if we have a seat ? 
 i know this must sound strange . 
 i 'll try to explain . '' 
 tamar looked at him , her eyebrows rose , and she laughed the same untamed cackle adam remembered from her youth . 
 poetry fans seated nearby turned and glared and shushed . 
 `` let me get this straight , '' she said , `` you 're telling me that adam blake , the only bona fide prophet on earth , the world 's richest recluse , has emerged from his decades ' - long hibernation in whatever isolated mansion he calls home , all because he misses me ? '' 
 `` yes , '' adam said . 
 `` i have a feeling this calls for something stronger than coffee . 
 there 's a pub nearby . 
 want to walk with me , mr. blake ? '' 
 he did . 
 they left the coffee shop and walked across the parking lot to the far end of the strip mall , to a bar in the corner lot with dark windows and a hockey game playing on the large screen hung above the taps . 
 adam and tamar went in and took a seat near the windows . 
 a moment later the bartender appeared with two glasses of whiskey on ice . 
 `` thanks , terry , '' tamar said . 
 `` terry 's used to us despondent poets wandering over here after an especially tragic reception at open mic . 
 apparently , i 'm a regular . '' 
 `` when did you become so hard on yourself ? '' 
 adam asked . 
 `` quips about old age , demeaning your talent as a poet . 
 this is n't you . '' 
 `` you do n't know me very well , mr. blake , '' tamar said . 
 she sipped her drink and slouched into the booth and sighed . 
 `` so , how 'd you do it , really ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` how did i do what ? '' 
 `` predict the future ! 
 come on ! 
 you knew everything . 
 you were like our generation 's very own nostradamus back then . 
 it was incredible . '' 
 `` did you read my book ? '' 
 adam asked . 
 tamar laughed . 
 `` to be honest , i 'm one of those twelve or so people on earth who did n't . 
 i watched the news specials , though . 
 and i followed you online for a while afterward . 
 i think everyone did . '' 
 `` do you remember the explanation i gave back then ? '' 
 tamar nodded . 
 `` it was about having lived this all before , right ? 
 you were trapped in this bizarre time loop thing , living the same life again and again . 
 i remember you trying to explain it on tv . 
 you wanted to know if you were alone , if other people had experienced this , or if anyone knew how to make it stop . '' 
 `` that 's the gist of it , more or less . '' 
 `` but you got some stuff wrong , too , did n't you ? '' 
 tamar asked . 
 `` like that terrorist attack you went on and on about . 
 it never happened . '' 
 `` right , '' he said . 
 `` there are discrepancies between the lives i ca n't explain , but i assume my going public this time around played a role . '' 
 `` that 's great , right ? 
 you make that prediction -- maybe the military takes it seriously or the bad guys get cold feet -- and you end up saving all those lives . 
 other lives too , in hurricanes and earthquakes and all that other stuff you warned us about . '' 
 adam shrugged . 
 `` honestly , it does n't matter . 
 those people died before , and they 'll die again . 
 i 'm not going to play prophet in every one of my future lives . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` because it 's a horrible way to live . 
 every person on earth wants something from me -- lottery numbers , stock recommendations , knowledge of how they 'll die , how to avoid the great tragedies of their future . '' 
 `` and that 's reason enough to give up ? '' 
 `` people hate me for this , you know . 
 i 've had more death threats in the last forty years than i can possibly count . 
 the us government has held me in detention twice , only to grant me this utterly involuntary role of consultant to the department of defense . 
 i mean , yes , my predictions saved lives that otherwise would have ended in very public , headline newsworthy events , but what about the billions of people who suffer daily without a camera or a journalist nearby ? 
 is it my responsibility to alleviate their pain as well ? 
 where does my role end ? 
 and what about me ? 
 i have n't lived a normal day since that book was published , and i 'm no closer to an explanation than i was before this life began . '' 
 `` so you do n't think it 's your duty to make the world a better place ? 
 maybe that 's it , you know ? 
 maybe the whole reason you 're stuck in this situation is to warn the rest of us of a future we ought to avoid . 
 once you get the world on the right path , you 'll be free to move on . '' 
 `` maybe , '' adam said . 
 `` who knows ? 
 at this point i 've considered every explanation under the sun . 
 i 've met with religious leaders , scientists , philosophers . 
 everything we 've considered has come up short . 
 everything else seems destined to as well . '' 
 `` everything ? 
 you sound hopeless . '' 
 `` i 'm getting there , '' adam said . 
 `` i ca n't follow up with every person who contacts me with claims of an explanation , but i try to pursue the most promising ones . 
 in fact , i 'm scheduled to meet a scientist tomorrow , some retired professor at the university of michigan . 
 she 's reached out to me maybe a dozen times over the last thirty years , and i 'm just finally getting around to her now . 
 so we 'll see , i suppose . 
 maybe one of these days someone will surprise me . '' 
 tamar nodded . 
 she looked out the window to the parking lot and the cold , grey sky . 
 `` so what do i have to do with this ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` you said you missed me . '' 
 `` right ... '' adam said . 
 he drank from his glass . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 adam reached his hands across the table for hers , but she set her hands in her lap . 
 `` it means , well , jesus -- i love you , tamar . 
 i know that 's strange to hear , and believe me , i do n't expect anything from you in return , but i want you to know it . 
 i 've lived so many lives and had so many chances to find happiness and meaning in this world . 
 the very best of all my lives was the one i spent with you . '' 
 `` with me ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` you mean , like , together ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` we were married ? '' 
 adam nodded . 
 `` for thirty-nine years . '' 
 tamar shook her head . 
 she stared at him . 
 `` jesus . 
 okay . 
 how did we meet ? '' 
 `` we met at the triple rock social club on my thirtieth birthday . 
 you were twenty-four . 
 i worked late that night and my sister , ruthie , invited me out for some drinks with her friends judah and wayne . '' 
 `` i remember wayne , '' tamar said . 
 `` jesus , you 're serious , are n't you . '' 
 `` i am , '' said adam . 
 tamar laughed and had a drink . 
 `` so what happened next ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` well , we spent the whole night together , drinking , talking , dancing . 
 you moved in to my apartment three months later , and we were married four years after that . 
 i traveled for work , and when we were newlyweds you always came along . 
 we spent time in brazil , japan , new york ; we were regular nomads until david was born . '' 
 `` david ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 our son , '' adam said . 
 he smiled . 
 `` we had a son , a beautiful boy . 
 he was perfect , tamar , so sweet and so strong . 
 he was our world , our whole world . 
 god , i wish you could know him . 
 i wish he were here with us now , in this life . 
 i ca n't tell you how agonizing this life has been , to live every day in a world without my wife and son . '' 
 tamar looked at her drink and her hands but not at adam . 
 she was quiet for a while . 
 `` why not this time ? '' 
 she finally asked . 
 `` if this is all true , why not come find me again ? 
 how could you let a world go by without bringing your son to life ? '' 
 `` i should have , '' adam said . 
 `` it was a mistake not to ; i know that now . 
 but believe me , this current life could not have been like the one we shared . 
 it 's been a waste , a throwaway . 
 publishing that book changed everything . '' 
 tamar looked out the window and her eyes swelled , and adam worried she might begin to cry . 
 `` i 'll never do it again because i never want to live this life again , '' adam said . 
 `` i want to live with you and david . 
 and i will ! 
 i 'll find you again , i promise . 
 the next time i live , i will come for you . 
 i will love you both and give you the very best life i 'm able . '' 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 `` no ? '' 
 `` do n't come for me . 
 you ca n't . '' 
 `` why not ? 
 i do n't understand . '' 
 tamar reached into her purse and pulled out her phone . 
 she navigated the screen and then handed the phone to adam . 
 `` this is alex , '' she said . 
 adam looked at the phone and saw a picture of tamar with a tall , dark-haired woman roughly half her age . 
 they wore summer dresses , with champagne glasses in their hands , sun-kissed smiles across their cheeks , and a bright blue ocean stretching the horizon behind them . 
 `` she 's my daughter , '' tamar said . 
 `` she lives in los angeles with her fiancé . 
 this picture was taken at their engagement party last summer . '' 
 `` you have a daughter , '' adam said . 
 `` alex is my world , adam . 
 she 's my everything . 
 she has been ever since vic left . '' 
 `` vic ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 my ex . 
 i met him at the triple rock , too , '' she said . 
 `` what does that say about me , huh ? 
 there are places on earth to meet men other than that little fucking punk club in minneapolis , tamar . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` vic was a drummer . 
 i followed him out to detroit for a band he was playing with , i got pregnant , and he left . '' 
 adam stared at the photograph of tamar and the girl who looked so much like her in her youth . 
 he could think of nothing to say . 
 `` my life has n't been perfect , but it has alex. you understand that , right ? 
 if i could do it all over again , i would . 
 i would n't change anything . 
 i would put up with vic and his bullshit , i 'd follow him to detroit , let him leave me , work every job i could find and scrounge for cash , and suffer through those years of barely getting by , as long as it means i still get alex in the end . '' 
 `` this does n't make any sense , '' adam said . 
 he felt sick and wiped his hands against the table . 
 `` we were so happy , tamar . 
 the life we lived ... it 's the life we are meant to live , i 'm certain of it . 
 we 're meant to be together ; we 're meant to have david . '' 
 `` and then what of alex ? '' 
 tamar asked . 
 `` you 're telling me there 's this other life out there , this other possibility , where you and i meet and fall in love , and we have this wonderful marriage , and a son named david who sounds so perfect . 
 but there 's no alex in that world . 
 if that 's my ultimate fate , alex never gets to live . '' 
 `` god , i know . 
 i never considered this . 
 your fear is the life i 'm living now , without david . '' 
 `` so you understand why i ca n't accept this , then . 
 this whole story of yours . 
 the possibility of a world without alex -- not a world where she dies or she 's taken from me or something -- but a world where she never exists at all . '' 
 tamar shook her head . 
 `` no . 
 i ca n't have that . 
 no way . '' 
 `` but david is your child as well . 
 you love him . '' 
 `` but i do n't , adam ! 
 i love alex. this is what scares me most . 
 somewhere down the line , this time loop of yours is going to end . 
 you 're going to run out of lives , or you 're going to achieve your destiny or whatever , and then you 'll die a normal death and the rest of the world will go on without you . 
 but what world will that be ? 
 will it be one where we marry , have this david of yours , and he lives and grows up and one day has children and grandchildren and on and on , or will it be one where you ignore me , and i end up with vic and alex ? 
 it 's one or the other , is n't it ? 
 when it 's all said and done , only one of these children will have life . '' 
 `` this ca n't be right , '' adam said . 
 `` how can one of their lives come at the expense of the other ? '' 
 `` well , maybe you 're wrong , '' tamar said . 
 `` maybe this whole time loop is just one big delusion . '' 
 `` it 's not delusion , '' adam said . 
 `` my book is proof of that . '' 
 `` no , there are other explanations . 
 i mean , maybe you really are a prophet , just a really confused one . 
 or , i do n't know , it sounds like you have a lot of regrets , adam . 
 we all fantasize about different paths that our lives could have taken had we done things differently in the past ; maybe you 're some kind of genius or idiot savant , and the fantasies you dream up are so intricate and complex they wind up encompassing everything on earth . '' 
 `` the other lives are real , '' adam said . 
 `` i know this is difficult to accept -- '' `` it 's impossible to accept , '' she interrupted . 
 `` it 's literally unacceptable . 
 i do n't believe god would set up a world where you , adam blake , chooses which of two innocent lives is blotted out of existence . 
 it ca n't be true . 
 i think this is all in your head , adam . 
 you ca n't stop thinking about all these could-have-beens . 
 your brain is full of these fantasy worlds where you have a wife and a son and everything is great , but in real life you 're miserable . 
 you 're old and lonely , and you spend all this effort tracking down women you should have pursued thirty-five years earlier . 
 just stop , adam . 
 stop obsessing over the life you wish you had . 
 you need to find a way to enjoy the one you 're living now . '' 
 `` i wish it were that easy , '' adam said . 
 `` but i know i 'll live again , and in my next life i 'll have to decide what to do about us , about our children . '' 
 `` yeah , '' tamar said , `` unless this scientist you 're meeting tomorrow has the answer you 've been waiting for . '' 
 she scoffed . 
 `` how ironic would that be ? '' 
 `` in what way ? '' 
 adam asked . 
 `` well , if your time loop closes once and for all , it 's this crappy , current life , the one without david and me , the one you pissed away as collateral damage in your search for answers , that you 're stuck with in the end . 
 would n't that be unfortunate ? '' 
 `` yes , '' adam said . 
 he looked again at the picture of alex and tamar . 
 tamar took the phone from his hand . 
 `` well for your sake , i hope this scientist is full of shit , '' tamar said . 
 she collected her jacket and purse . 
 `` honestly , i hope you 're wrong about everything , adam . 
 i want you to find your answer , or some kind of resolution , but i hope you 've seriously missed the fucking mark about all of this . '' 
 tamar stood as if to leave , but turned and touched adam 's outstretched hand . 
 `` this has been the weirdest goddamn morning of my life , adam blake , '' she said and left . 
 the next morning adam met with dr. meredith palm at her home in ann arbor , michigan . 
 meredith lived in a small victorian house just south of the arboretum , on a quiet street lined with large trees and covered in dew and fallen leaves . 
 adam rang the doorbell , everett and harris stood at his sides , and a moment later the door opened and a young woman appeared in the entryway . 
 `` sorry we 're late , we -- '' `` dr. palm is waiting for you in the study , mr. blake , '' the woman said without introduction . 
 she gestured for adam to enter , neither smiling nor acknowledging the two large men in black suits standing at either of his sides . 
 he followed her in , down a narrow , dimly lit hall , with empty rooms off both sides and floorboards that creaked beneath his steps . 
 the woman walked quickly , her tight ponytail swinging like the pendulum of a clock with each step , and adam 's knees stung as he tried to keep up . 
 at the end of the hall they reached a door . 
 the woman knocked and stepped inside . 
 it was a small office , with stale air and bookshelves against one wall , diplomas hung on another , and a white desk made of plywood on an embroidered rug in the center . 
 an old woman sat in a wheelchair behind the desk . 
 she was frail and thin , with strands of white hair down her narrow cheeks . 
 she was perfectly still , like the desk and the bookshelves , as if she were just another old fixture left in this room to gather dust . 
 adam 's young guide went behind the desk , unscrewed a respirator tank , and replaced it with a fresh one . 
 adam waited . 
 the respirator hissed , and the old woman blinked . 
 her throat made a noise like rocks falling down a gravel hill and her eyes crept up to adam 's . 
 `` you 're late , '' she said , her voice like slow , cold wind . 
 `` you put me off for forty years and still show no concern for punctuality . '' 
 adam stepped forward , but there was no place for him to sit . 
 `` apologies . 
 i 'm a busy man , dr. palm , '' he said . 
 `` nonsense , '' meredith said . 
 `` busy implies a lack of sufficient time in relation to necessitated tasks . 
 you , mr. blake , have infinite time , and less than infinite tasks , and therefore ought never qualify yourself as busy . '' 
 `` fair enough , '' adam said . 
 `` if not busy , then bothered . 
 i 've wasted forty years of my life consulting with people , thousands of people , just like you , experts in some field or another with promising claims about my condition . 
 forgive me my loss of enthusiasm . '' 
 `` no need for forgiveness , mr. blake , '' meredith said . 
 `` let 's get to the point , shall we ? 
 i suspect we both prefer a quick consultation . 
 i , for one , have a nap to attend to this afternoon , and i 'm sure you have , well , whatever it is immortals do to pass their time . '' 
 meredith 's neck swayed like the branch of a rotten tree and she nodded at her young assistant . 
 the woman went to the bookshelf , pulled a manila envelope from between a pair of heavy textbooks , and extended it adam 's way . 
 `` what 's this ? '' 
 adam asked . 
 neither woman responded . 
 adam took the envelope , opened it , and removed its contents . 
 inside he found a single sheet of paper , printed on one side with thirteen lines of indecipherable text : and on it went . 
 `` again , what the hell is this ? '' 
 adam asked . 
 `` that , '' meredith said , `` is the palm-wheeler . '' 
 `` the what ? '' 
 `` the palm-wheeler . 
 it is my life 's work : a theoretical quantum particle i have investigated for decades . 
 you will help me prove that it exists . '' 
 `` oh ? 
 how do you propose i do that ? '' 
 `` by memorizing that sheet of paper , of course . 
 every number , symbol , and bit of punctuation . 
 spend the rest of your current life saving it all to memory . 
 and when you live again , come pay me a visit on august 5 , 2016 , at my office in the pershing building here on campus . 
 i 'll still be a spring chicken of a physicist at that age , and you will have arrived at the exact moment i am most receptive to this information . '' 
 adam laughed . 
 `` is this a joke , dr. palm ? '' 
 `` no . 
 when you arrive , simply explain your condition , recite this equation , and after what i assume will be a minute or two of incredulous shock , my youthful doppelgänger will walk you through the most obvious explanation . '' 
 `` or , you can tell me now , '' adam said . 
 `` why should i wait an entire lifetime to hear this ridiculous theory you 've concocted ? '' 
 meredith coughed violently and her whole body clenched when she did . 
 `` because i lack the proper incentive to share it now , of course , '' she said . 
 `` bring me this equation when i 'm still young enough to do something about it . 
 there 's no good having discovered it as a half-crazy old coot with one foot firmly in the grave . '' 
 adam looked at the sheet of paper again : thirteen lines of script , very few characters he even understood . 
 `` i do n't think i could memorize this thing if i wanted to . '' 
 `` give yourself a bit of credit , mr. blake . 
 it 's not that difficult an equation . '' 
 she coughed again . 
 `` now , unless you have further questions , karen will show you out . 
 august 5 , 2016 . 
 remember that date ! '' 
 meredith 's assistant opened the door behind adam . 
 `` wait , '' adam said . 
 `` i have n't agreed to anything yet . '' 
 `` i do n't need your agreement . 
 you will do this . 
 it is inevitable . '' 
 `` that 's rather confident . '' 
 `` confident ? 
 i 'm merely stating facts . 
 mr. blake , you are immortal . 
 do you understand what that means ? 
 it means unless something drastic occurs , you will live an infinite number of lives . 
 this loop of yours will not end . 
 and like any system , if your life is repeated infinite times , eventually every outcome that possibly can happen will happen . 
 every single imaginable scenario for your life will play out , given enough time . 
 so , if you do not assist me in your next life , you will in the one after that , or ten lives from now , or one thousand . 
 it makes no difference to me . 
 you 're the one who has to live through them all . '' 
 adam thought of his meeting with tamar the day before . 
 he did not want this world -- without david as his son and tamar as his wife -- to be the one that lasts . 
 perhaps waiting one more life before hearing dr. palm 's explanation was for the best . 
 `` if i do this , '' adam said , `` you will help me end it ? '' 
 `` i will help you understand it , '' she said . 
 `` anything more is too presumptuous . '' 
 she coughed again , and her young assistant brought a white handkerchief to her mouth . 
 `` now , please be on your way , mr. blake . 
 immortals may not be busy , but time is still precious for cantankerous old grumps like me . '' 
 meredith 's assistant gestured adam toward the door . 
 `` i 'll see you next time around , mr. blake , '' meredith said . 
 `` and do n't lose that sheet of paper . 
 i 'd hate to call you back here for another one . '' 
 the lake was dark , and the streetlights in the east parking lot were out except for one in the far corner that flickered and drew a swarm of mosquitoes from the surrounding trees . 
 adam parked his car and shut off the ignition . 
 he walked quietly across the empty lot , using his phone as a flashlight aimed at the ground below him . 
 it was three thirty in the morning now , still humid ; the wind was warm , and adam had sobered up enough to begin regretting this decision . 
 he glanced back at the road , nervously scanning the dark intersection for police cars known to patrol these lakes for late-night skinny-dippers , and he considered turning around , sprinting back to his car , and driving himself back home . 
 what was he doing here , really ? 
 what did he expect to come of this night ? 
 this was not him . 
 he was not the sort of person to chase the night into the early hours of the morning , disregarding work in some attempt to keep pace with three kids with nothing better do to on a week day but stay in bed and nurse hangovers . 
 if he went home now , he might still manage two or three hours of sleep . 
 it might be enough to get through the morning 's meeting . 
 for a moment , it was an enticing prospect . 
 but adam reached the edge of the parking lot and heard water splash against the shore , laughter , and tamar 's muffled voice behind a row of trees up ahead . 
 he could not make out her words , but he wanted to , so he moved closer , into the trees , under a canopy of leaves that blotted out the stars and moon , and he listened . 
 he heard her laugh , scream , and shout a taunt . 
 two other voices , both lower than hers , shouted back and there was a loud splash . 
 adam followed the voices and reached a clearing where the path grew wide and merged with a small , dirt beach . 
 he saw three figures up ahead , two on the shore , and one waist-deep in the water , shirtless , the moonlight shining bright against his olive chest . 
 dry twigs cracked beneath adam 's feet , and the three figures hushed themselves and froze . 
 adam cleared his throat . 
 `` it 's just me , '' he said . 
 `` oh , wonderful ! 
 hey look tamar , adam 's here ! '' 
 wayne shouted as he dried his hair with a towel . 
 he was nude but for his boxer shorts , and wet from head to toe , with judah 's and his clothes left in a pile at the foot of a nearby tree . 
 when judah emerged from the water wayne tossed the towel his way . 
 tamar put out a cigarette against the sand and came to where adam stood . 
 she was still dry and fully dressed . 
 `` i did n't think you were going to make it , '' she said . 
 behind her , judah playfully whipped wayne 's back with the towel . 
 the two boys struggled to pull clothes over their damp bodies while laughing and stumbling into each other . 
 when they were finally clothed , they mounted a pair of bicycles and rode by adam and tamar slowly , taunting them as they passed . 
 `` have fun you two , '' wayne teased . 
 `` yeah . 
 do n't do anything i would n't do , '' added judah as they rode down the dark path and out of view . 
 adam tried to ignore them . 
 `` i did n't think i was going to make it either , '' he said to tamar . 
 `` even two minutes ago , right before you guys saw me , i almost snuck off and went back home . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 tamar asked . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' adam said . 
 he breathed warm air and felt a wave of worry coming on : worry about work , about getting caught out here by police , about losing himself a bit . 
 `` it 's just the kind of thing i do . '' 
 he frowned , realizing this was true . 
 he ought to have enjoyed this moment -- he was out wildly late on a beautiful night with a beautiful girl -- but this proclivity toward restraint was relentless . 
 it nagged at the back of his mind and his gut , hounding him like a cigarette to an addict , reminding him that this place -- this dark lake , at this hour , with this girl -- was not where he belonged . 
 `` well , maybe tonight will be different , '' tamar said . 
 she stepped into the shadows of the trees and lifted her shirt over her head . 
 adam looked at his shoes . 
 he kept his head down and heard soft fabrics move against her skin , and the zipper of her jeans , and when he finally looked up , her clothes had been hung over a thin branch like laundry out to dry . 
 he watched her walk slowly across the beach and into the lake until small waves splashed against her knees . 
 she dove in , leaving dark ripples in her wake that reflected moonlight toward the shore . 
 she came up and water ran down her hair , and adam could not look away . 
 for a moment , no space was left in his mind for anything else . 
 there was no work the next morning ; no smart decisions to make . 
 there was only this girl , nude and coming up for air , her skin bright against the dark water , shining , inviting , and terrifying . 
 the lake was wide and dark and adam was drawn into it . 
 on this one night , he was suddenly the sort of person who stripped off his clothes -- his shirt and shoes and pants and shorts -- and waded into the water and swam after the girl . 
 he felt his worries and reservations wash away in the lake 's cool water , and he swam to the center , away from the cover of trees , alone and secluded yet fully on display . 
 the sky was clear , and the stars looked down on him . 
 at the farthest shores there were lights from lakeshore homes and cars driving silently down the road at the lake 's northern point , but he did not care . 
 his feet scraped a sand bar in the center of the lake , and he stood there with his shoulders above the water , staring at the clear sky , naked and alive and happy . 
 `` can you touch ? '' 
 tamar asked . 
 she swam near , and adam reached out to her . 
 he felt obliged to pull her close , against his body , to share this space atop the sand bar . 
 he kissed her , an act of lust but also gratitude . 
 she had brought him out here to the lake , prying him from his hesitations bit by bit all night , goading him with equal parts encouragement , seduction , and threat , and now he felt alive . 
 tamar must have seen the change because she looked at him and laughed . 
 she wrapped her legs around his waist , and he held her thighs in his hands . 
 they kissed again . 
 they made love out in the center of the lake , and adam felt he had become someone else . 
 this was not him ! 
 he had followed her here , despite his habits , despite his instincts , despite his responsibilities , and now he would have followed her further if there were anywhere else to go . 
 he hardly knew tamar , really ; she was wild and abrasive and lived life so fast adam could not imagine keeping up , but tonight he had stripped off his clothes and his reluctance and was here , right along with her . 
 he held her thighs and chest and back and swayed in the cool current and saved it all to memory , for this was not him . 
 he may never live another moment like this again ; hell , as far as he knew , he may never see this girl again . 
 he wanted to remember everything . 
 he wanted her smell and eyes and sound echoing over the water to haunt him for years . 
 he wanted to return here , escape here , when life inevitably grew quiet or dull , or when he lay in bed at night , or when he fell back into that habit of complacency that jeopardized nights like this from happening again . 
 she kissed him and sighed , and their bodies went still . 
 suddenly he was certain ; he wanted this , again and again . 
 he wanted long nights with this girl , to drink with her , dance with her , trace the outlines of her tattoos . 
 he wanted her teasing him and pushing him further from himself . 
 he never wanted to go back . 
 he wanted all nights to end as this one had , with tamar 's head resting against his chest and neither of them worried about tomorrow . 
 eight meredith 's office in the basement floor of the pershing building was hardly larger than the bedroom closet that adam shared with tamar back home . 
 when the door swung open , it hit the back of the office chair where meredith 's visitors sat , and as adam sat there this happened twice ; students stopped by and opened the door and it smacked against his back and he scooted the chair to the side as they craned their heads through the doorway . 
 the students cleared their throats , but meredith looked up and smiled and told them now was not a good time . 
 they left , adam dragged his chair back to the center of the room , and meredith looked at the sheet of paper on her desk , studying the thirteen lines of formula adam had carried in his pocket this entire life . 
 `` where did you get this , really ? '' 
 meredith asked . 
 she turned the paper over in her hand . 
 `` did beckman put you up to this ? 
 chiang ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i do n't know who those people are . 
 i was given this formula by you , just as i said . '' 
 meredith grinned . 
 `` right , '' she said . 
 `` dr. palm , you said you would help me . 
 you said that on this day , august 5 , 2016 , you would be more receptive to my story than any other day of your life . 
 that 's why i 'm here . '' 
 `` did i happen to tell you why ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` why , on this day of all days , am i willing to believe in such extraordinary possibilities ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' adam said . 
 he thought back to his meeting with meredith a lifetime ago , her frail arms , her pale skin , her violent coughs , and her absolute certainty that he would follow through with this task . 
 `` i do n't think you ever said . '' 
 `` well , that 's unfortunate . 
 i 'd be much more willing to accept this story had you come back from the future with some verifiable information . 
 how am i supposed to believe you without any evidence ? '' 
 `` what about that damn sheet of paper ? 
 where else would it have come from ? '' 
 `` ah , right . 
 this damn sheet of paper . 
 yes . 
 the fact that you 've apparently solved the palm-wheeler equation certainly gives your story a little credence . '' 
 she looked at the paper again . 
 `` i suppose you are either : a -rrb- telling the truth or b -rrb- partner to a very intellectually rigorous practical joke . 
 can i keep this ? '' 
 she asked and waved the paper in her hand . 
 `` it 's already yours . '' 
 adam said . 
 `` well , listen . 
 if i were to play along -- and you 're lucky , adam , because playing along with the absurdities of science is kind of my forte around here -- then i 'd propose you 're not stuck in a time loop at all . '' 
 `` i 'm not ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` then what 's going on ? '' 
 meredith dangled the palm-wheeler equation with both hands , as if to make the paper dance . 
 `` did i explain this to you ? '' 
 `` no , not really . 
 you said it was a theoretical particle , and i was going to help you prove its existence when i brought it back to a younger version of yourself . 
 memorizing it was a pain in the ass . 
 i had never seen half those symbols before you gave me the equation a lifetime ago . '' 
 `` and you still do n't understand it ? '' 
 adam shook his head . 
 `` this is the product of rote memorization , nothing more . 
 i 've recited that thing every day for nearly fifty years : in the mirror , while driving , while falling asleep at night . 
 sometimes i feel like one of those savants who ca n't help but list prime numbers . 
 are you saying that equation has something to do with my condition ? '' 
 `` it might , '' meredith said . 
 `` if your story were true , i suppose the palm-wheeler would be the most plausible explanation . '' 
 `` okay . 
 so what is it ? '' 
 adam asked . 
 meredith sat up in her chair . 
 she was surprisingly tall when at full height , with strong shoulders beneath her blouse and arms that stretched across the desk . 
 adam could not believe this was the same withered old woman that he had met a lifetime ago . 
 `` in brief , '' meredith said and grinned , `` the palm-wheeler is a theoretical quantum particle predicted as result of my own work and that of many scientists who came before me . 
 it is unique among all particles in the universe in that it does not undergo any process of quantum decoherence or wave function collapse , ever . 
 it exists in a single , measurable , particle state across the multiverse , zipping along through the universal wave function the same way electrons and photons do four-dimensional space . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 meredith laughed . 
 `` it travels between worlds , adam . 
 parallel universes . 
 if the many-worlds interpretation of quantum mechanics is to be believed , then our universe is just one of an infinite number , all running alongside each other : some so bizarre they are completely uninhabitable , but others so perfectly like our own you 'd never know the difference if you happened to slip through a crack . 
 that 's what is happening to you , i assume . 
 you 're not stuck in a time loop . 
 you 're tumbling down a fissure in the multiverse , pulled through universe after universe by an exceptionally rare subatomic particle that collided with your brain many years ago . '' 
 `` parallel universes ? '' 
 adam asked , unsure if meredith were serious . 
 `` is n't that a little science-fictiony for a college professor ? '' 
 `` oh , and an everlasting time loop is not ? 
 the many-worlds interpretation is one of the most popular in modern physics . 
 hugh everett , bryce dewitt , john wheeler , giants of twentieth-century science , all devoted their careers to thorough investigation of quantum mechanics , and all came away with the same conclusion : the multiverse is real . 
 the laws of quantum mechanics require it to be real . 
 many of the greatest minds in the last century of physics have accepted this as literal fact . '' 
 `` and yours is one of them ? '' 
 `` sure , '' said meredith . 
 `` my contribution to the field is the palm-wheeler , the particle that travels between the many-worlds . 
 all other particles -- those that make up your body and mine and everything else -- exist simultaneously in all universes , living out an infinite number of possibilities , shadow twins of the world we see before us . 
 the palm-wheeler is different . 
 it is not native to our multiverse , but it 's an artifact of a much older , or higher dimensional , wave function . 
 it moves through our many worlds like a needle through a thousand linen sheets . 
 i just have to prove it exists . '' 
 adam thought of his many lives : his failed first attempt , his first marriage to tamar , and his death against that racing train the night he learned she was gone . 
 was it possible each life had occurred in an entirely separate world ? 
 had these worlds continued on without him after he had died ? 
 `` how could this have happened ? '' 
 adam asked . 
 `` well , okay , you said something about waking up in a hospital room , right ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 in my original life , i went hiking as a child . 
 i have no memory of what happened , but i went missing for days , only to regain consciousness in a hospital room a week later . 
 now i wake up in that room at the beginning of each new life . '' 
 `` well , there 's your root cause . 
 you must have encountered a palm-wheeler out in those woods . 
 as it entered our universe , it collided with just the right neuron in your head , maybe something in the pineal gland or whatever they consider the root of consciousness these days . 
 i do n't know . 
 i 'm not a neuroscientist . 
 now you are merged with it . 
 you and the particle are one . 
 i imagine you 're playing some giant , inter-dimensional game of tug-of-war . 
 when you 're alive , you 're the stronger party , and you carry the particle along through your life , but upon death , it drags you back down the path it was on before your brain got in the way . '' 
 adam remembered the strange vision he once had between lives : he had seen himself as a young boy out in the woods , swinging a stick at a tree as if it were a sword . 
 he drifted past his young image , and the boy turned and looked in his direction as if hearing his name in the distance . 
 perhaps that had been a universe in which young adam had stood slightly off the palm-wheeler 's path , and the particle had drifted by undisturbed . 
 but he thought of his other between-life vision as well , the one of fire and dark smoke and burning rivers and wind that lashed and wailed like screams . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` no , this ca n't be right . 
 i saw ... god , this sounds ridiculous , but i saw hell once , i think , '' he said . 
 `` i ended my own life , and rather than wake up in the hospital room as i normally do , i found myself in this desolate , burning place . 
 barren land , fiery mountains , dark storms as far as i could see . 
 it was terrifying . 
 i only saw it for an instant before passing through to my next life , but it shook me . 
 if i encountered hell after an attempted suicide , does n't that imply some kind of moral law to the way this whole thing works ? '' 
 `` not really . 
 i doubt you went to hell , adam , '' meredith said . 
 `` it was probably coincidence . 
 you saw a vision of an earth that never evolved beyond its primordial days . 
 maybe the tectonic plates never solidified in that universe or the electromagnetic field failed to develop as it normally does . 
 i suspect you 'll see such things now and then -- worlds wildly different than our own . 
 not to worry , though , you 'll only live through ones very similar to ours . 
 that young boy in the woods must be standing in the exact same spot at the exact same moment as you had in your original life . 
 otherwise the particle will pass right on through . '' 
 adam thought . 
 `` if this is true , how do i make it stop ? '' 
 `` oh , i do n't think you can , '' said meredith . 
 `` there must be a way , '' adam said . 
 `` this thing is lodged in my head , right ? 
 there must be a surgery or something -- '' `` adam , we 're talking about a subatomic particle . 
 locating it among the eighty-five billion neurons in your brain would be like searching for a needle in a haystack the size of the sun . 
 it 's not possible . '' 
 `` then what am i supposed to do ? 
 remain trapped in this life forever ? '' 
 meredith shrugged . 
 `` sure , why not ? '' 
 adam laughed . 
 `` this is ridiculous ! 
 you told me you had an answer . 
 that 's why i 'm here . 
 that 's why i spent a lifetime memorizing that damn equation for you . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 old lady meredith gave me too much credit if she promised you a cure . 
 what 's so bad about living forever , anyway ? 
 is your life so miserable that you 'd forfeit immortality just to make it stop ? '' 
 `` i 'm not miserable . 
 i 'm just ready to move on . '' 
 `` move on to what ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' adam said . 
 `` but there has to be more than this , does n't there ? '' 
 `` more than immortality ? 
 that 's rather greedy of you . '' 
 meredith nodded at the ring on adam 's left hand . 
 `` you 're married ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` do you have children ? '' 
 `` i have a son . '' 
 `` adam ! 
 listen to yourself . 
 you are the only person on earth who is guaranteed eternity with the people you love . 
 you can pursue the woman of your dreams a million different times and watch your son grow into a million slightly different versions of the man he eventually becomes . 
 and in those occasional universes where things do n't quite work out between you and the missus , you 're free to make the world your playground . 
 spend a lifetime in france , become a professional golfer ; i do n't know , do whatever you want ! 
 god , i 'm getting jealous just thinking about it . 
 imagine the work i could do with infinite lifetimes worth of research . '' 
 `` all this time , i 've thought there was some higher meaning to my lives . 
 i thought i was supposed to live the right life , or learn the right lesson , or fulfill some destiny . 
 i thought there was a purpose to it all . 
 i never really believed this was my eternity . 
 this life , over and over again , forever . 
 immortality achieved through dumb luck . '' 
 `` hans moravec called it quantum immortality . 
 the infinite yous are acquiring infinite life experience . 
 technically , we are all immortal ; you 're just lucky enough to remain conscious of it . 
 it 's not such a bad deal , really . '' 
 `` but it 's lonely , dr. palm , being the only one . '' 
 meredith leaned back in her chair and thought . 
 `` well , you might not be , '' she said . 
 `` i am , believe me . 
 i 've searched for others . '' 
 `` currently , yes , perhaps you 're the only one . 
 but let 's take the nature of the multiverse to its logical extreme . 
 there are an infinite number of universes , right ? 
 well , if you repeat any system an infinite amount of times , eventually every occurrence that possibly can happen will happen . 
 we know human minds can merge with palm-wheeler particles ; you 're living proof . 
 therefore , it will happen again . 
 eventually it will happen to all of us . 
 somewhere out there -- maybe a billion lives from now -- is a universe where i collide with a palm-wheeler , and from that moment on i will be immortal . 
 there is a universe where it happens to your wife . 
 after she becomes immortal , perhaps the two of you will live out eternity together , each maintaining consciousness of an infinite amount of lives . 
 eventually , maybe a billion trillion lives from now , you 'll encounter a world where it has happened to everyone . 
 every person on earth will be conscious of his or her own immortality . 
 imagine what sort of place that world will be ! 
 quite literally heaven on earth , right ? '' 
 `` god , but forever ? 
 how am i supposed to stay interested in this life forever ? 
 infinity is a long time . '' 
 `` jesus , adam , '' meredith said and shook her head . 
 `` i 'm a physicist , not a life coach . 
 but really , if you ca n't be content with this -- you , a happily married husband and father who is guaranteed a pleasant immortality -- then what the hell hope is there for the rest of us ? '' 
 adam left meredith 's office and walked across the campus , passed brick buildings and libraries and students resting on bits of shaded grass , and thought of immortality . 
 if meredith were correct , he would live this life forever , with this body , in this world . 
 there was no heaven , no hell , no reincarnation , or cold , final sleep eventually waiting for him after death . 
 he had no purpose or goal to achieve ; no explanation for his many lives but an unlikely , though natural , case of cause and effect . 
 there was nothing for adam but this life , again and again , regardless of how he lived , who he became , or what ultimately caused his next his demise . 
 the weight of eternity pressed down on him . 
 he sat on a bench to rest his legs . 
 it all seemed meaningless now , his vain pursuit of answers and the bare repetition of life . 
 he had always believed there was some greater purpose in his return from every death : that his many lives implied deeper meaning he was tasked to understand . 
 but if life went on forever , if fate remained the same despite the different paths he took , what meaning was there left at all ? 
 infinite lives . 
 the sheer number indicated a lack of value . 
 he looked down the road , and it seemed to go on forever . 
 how do you fill forever ? 
 how do you live without purpose or goal ? 
 he laughed . 
 the length , the finality of his condition was severe to the point of absurdity . 
 there was no hope , no coping with this ; there was nothing left but to embrace the unfair , unreasonable world meredith had revealed . 
 but meredith was right . 
 after all , he was a happily married man guaranteed a pleasant immortality . 
 he had nothing to fear : not death nor loss nor unforeseen threat . 
 tamar and david were waiting for him back home , as they would in nearly every life . 
 and if meredith 's theory were correct , and any scenario in these infinite worlds that possibly can happen eventually will happen , then tamar and david will someday encounter a particle like adam 's , and they too will become aware of their own immortality . 
 it may take one billion lives , but eventually adam will live out eternity with those he loves alongside him . 
 he imagined those worlds , and they did not seem so different than the heaven anticipated by half the people on earth , or the eternal reprise of life after life imagined by much of the rest . 
 he will love tamar infinite times and raise infinite sons . 
 and there are infinite worlds where this family will not form , and tamar will raise alex as adam goes on to live whatever life he desires . 
 but still , forever . 
 how do you live forever ? 
 how do you approach a life you know for certain will never end ? 
 adam remembered the words of his old teacher , jung-hwa , from the buddhist center where he had studied many lifetimes ago : do not dwell in the past , or dream of the future , but concentrate on the present moment ... it is only when the past is forgotten , and the future released from our worried grasp , that life may be lived as truly intended : as a joyful , steady procession of everlasting nows . 
 and he remembered the advice of father tim from the confessional early in his third life : perhaps we are better off living every moment -- every action , idea , choice , and word -- as if it were the very reason we were born . 
 how much more beauty and meaning would you find in everyday things if that were your approach ? 
 imagine a life in which each day is engaged with sacredness and honor , as if it were the most important in the world ... and he remembered sitting across from tamar , her hair grey and sweater frayed , in the life he had not known her , but found her late in old age : stop obsessing over the life you wish you had . 
 you need to find a way to enjoy the one you 're living now . 
 for adam , there was no coping with eternity , no sense in a life that never ends , but there were moments -- infinite moments , joyful and thrilling and good , moments without purpose or lessons or need for explanation , moments worth living for their own sake . 
 he could live in such moments forever , free from the responsibility of finding meaning in it all . 
 or , perhaps meredith was full of it . 
 adam laughed . 
 it was possible meredith was a quack , like the many scientists and theorists adam had met in his previous life . 
 perhaps the answer adam had been searching for was just around the corner . 
 in giving up now and resigning to this fate , he would miss his life 's true purpose and put it forever out of reach . 
 perhaps adam would live this life forever , just as meredith had predicted : not because it was his fate , but because he had failed . 
 how would he ever know the difference ? 
 adam stood . 
 he was hungry enough now to keep his mind from worrying about forever . 
 he was growing tired of eternity , of life 's purpose and particles in his head . 
 for a moment , at least , he was more concerned with smaller things : finding a cab to the airport , getting home for dinner , and later , running david 's bath , and falling asleep with tamar at his side . 
 he walked down the street to a busy intersection at the edge of campus . 
 he stood there , waiting , and pulled his phone from his pocket and texted tamar that he was coming home . 
 it was a warm day with a bright sky and the sun reflected glaringly off the phone 's screen . 
 the bouncer with the long beard and thick headphones that muzzle the club 's loud music and the laughing , shouting patrons waiting in line outside of it is named allan gates , from st. ansgar , iowa . 
 he and adam were friends many lifetimes ago . 
 in that life , adam had played bass guitar in a band with allan 's younger brother , and he had attended allan 's wedding at his parents ' corn farm three hours south of minneapolis . 
 allan had shaved his beard that day to everyone 's surprise , his big cheeks soft and red and shining under the hot iowa sun . 
 adam remembers this , and he remembers sweating through his suit and dancing with tamar and the other guests in the big white tent pitched beside the barn . 
 he remembers the long drive home that night with tamar asleep in the passenger seat , still wearing makeup and boots and a cocktail dress as the sun came up behind the city . 
 adam hands his driver 's license to allan and smiles . 
 it is a hot night in early august , and the skinny , tattooed young men and women waiting in line outside the club wear tank tops and short shorts and little else . 
 adam looks down the line . 
 it occurs to him that he knows every person here . 
 they are former friends , acquaintances , coworkers , and lovers ; relationships gathered over the course of uncounted lives . 
 this happens to adam often now ; he will be on a bus or at a coffee shop or standing in line at the bank , and he will lift his head and find himself surrounded by faces he once knew well . 
 he has traveled to every country on earth , pursued every interest , adventure , and dream , and he would have gone mad with boredom lifetimes ago had it not been for the seven billion unique personalities here for him to discover -- seven billion people , and a slightly different version of each in every one of his lives . 
 the depth of experience among them is limitless . 
 allan glances briefly at adam 's id and then returns to his book and nods at the door . 
 `` happy birthday , brother , '' he says . 
 once inside , adam slips through the crowd and makes his way to the side room where there are fewer people and heavy brick walls soften the music . 
 `` adam ! '' 
 ruthie calls from the back of the room . 
 she leaps from her booth and wraps him in a hug . 
 `` happy birthday to you , happy birthday to you , happy birthday dear adam , happy birthday to you . 
 yay ! 
 now come sit down , brother dearest . 
 we have shots . '' 
 `` sounds perfect , '' adam says and follows ruthie to their booth at the far corner of the room . 
 they sit with wayne and judah and toast adam 's birthday as they do in nearly every one of his lives . 
 shots are ordered , the crowd grows dense , and ruthie tells stories from adam 's and her youth , rarely stopping to breathe or let the others have a word . 
 later , when tamar appears from the bathrooms in the back , adam turns to watch her slip through the crowd and wave in their direction . 
 he watches her walk across the room and greet a girlfriend with a touch on the arm and a kiss on the cheek . 
 he watches her embrace friends , tap her boots to music hardly audible over the noise that fills the bar , and laugh her loud , red , unapologetic cackle that hushes those who occupy the space around her . 
 when it comes time to order a drink , she stands on her toes and leans across the bar and when she waves at the bartender her shirt rides up her midriff and adam can not look away . 
 `` ha ha ! 
 i fucking knew it ! '' 
 ruthie says , and adam laughs . 
 `` go talk to her , '' ruthie says . 
 `` it 's your birthday ; live a little ! 
 and if it goes horribly , it 's not like you 're going to remember anything tomorrow anyway . '' 
 adam agrees , and walks to the far corner of the bar , moving slowly around the crowds gathered so as not to spill the drink in his hand . 
 he grins at tamar and thinks of the countless times he has met her here before , each one of their first encounters memorable and unique , as their personas and personal histories shift in subtle , unpredictable ways between the many worlds of his many lives . 
 `` tamar bethel núñez , '' he says as he approaches . 
 `` can i order you a drink ? 
 maker 's mark on the rocks with a pbr chaser , right ? '' 
 tamar looks at him and frowns . 
 `` jesus . 
 stalker much ? '' 
 she says . 
 `` who the hell are you ? '' 
 `` my name 's adam . 
 adam blake . 
 nice to meet you . '' 
 `` oh , right . 
 you 're that birthday-boy friend of wayne 's . 
 how 's the big 3-0 going so far , mr. blake ? '' 
 `` great , '' adam says . 
 `` it 's probably the best birthday of my life . 
 and i have lived through copious birthdays , so that 's saying a lot . '' 
 `` yeah , you 're like super old now , '' tamar says . 
 `` thirty is , like , official adulthood . 
 hope you got all the crazy fun times out of your system , because that shit is over now , is n't it ? '' 
 `` no , '' adam says , `` it 's never over . 
 believe me . '' 
 `` yeah , i hope you 're right . 
 i hope that i 'm still killing it and having fun when i 'm old , too . 
 hey , where 's that drink ? '' 
 adam turns to the bartender and orders tamar her drink . 
 it comes quickly , and they lift their glasses in the air . 
 `` a toast , '' tamar says , `` to growing old in style . '' 
 `` i 'll drink to that . '' 
 they clink their glasses together , tip them back , and thump the empty remains against the bar . 
 tamar 's shoulders tremble as the drink makes its way down her throat . 
 she nods in the direction of ruthie 's booth . 
 `` let 's join the others . '' 
 this night is always the same , but with moments and accents that distinguish it from all the ones that came before . 
 tamar finds a way to tease him , regardless of whom he becomes in each life . 
 ruthie drinks too much . 
 adam traces the outlines of tamar 's tattoos , guessing their meaning and making her laugh . 
 they dance in the next room as overhead lights flash and strobe , music thumps , and their bodies move with the crowd as if caught in a living tide . 
 later , the music stops and the lights come on and they shuffle slowly with the crowd to the doors . 
 `` you 're still here ! '' 
 wayne says when they see him emerge from the flood of people on the street . 
 `` i thought you two lovebirds would have made your way back to adam 's place by now . '' 
 `` yeah , '' says judah , `` or at least out back behind the dumpsters . '' 
 they find a cab , and adam tells tamar it 's time that he gets going home . 
 `` i get it . 
 got ta take care of your shit , right ? '' 
 she says . 
 `` it 's kind of an anticlimactic way to end your twenties , but whatever . '' 
 adam grabs her hand and pulls her close for a kiss before she ducks into the cab . 
 from this moment on , the night can take many paths . 
 sometimes , adam joins them . 
 he climbs into the taxi , drops ruthie off at home , drinks cheap wine at wayne 's until the summer heat overwhelms them , and then bikes with the others to the lake for a late night dip in the dark , cool water . 
 other times , he walks to the diner with the neon sign and bright windows and red booths filled with drunken , jovial patrons who had wandered over from nearby bars to sober up . 
 he sits in the booth and sips coffee and waits for tamar to text him . 
 sometimes , she does not . 
 sometimes , adam goes home alone , wondering where she had finished the night , what had changed , or whom she had invited out to the lake instead of him . 
 such nights do not bother him , for he knows he will see her again . 
 he can call her tomorrow , or next week , or wait for any one of the dozen times their paths inevitably cross over the course of the next few years . 
 he will see her at a concert the following month and at a housewarming party that winter . 
 in one life , adam 's roommate bought a table from the consignment shop where tamar worked ; in another , tamar 's mother , judy , was a student in a photography workshop that adam had taught . 
 there were infinite ways to reacquaint themselves , infinite courtships and variations of their love . 
 but to finish this night as he originally had was his favorite course of all . 
 to receive tamar 's series of texts while sitting in that booth , to drive himself to lake nokomis , to walk quietly across that empty parking lot using his phone as a flashlight aimed at the ground below him , sweating in the humid air at three thirty in the morning , he can relive the fear and anticipation he had felt the first time he had lived this night . 
 he can glance back at the road and remember nervously scanning the dark intersection for police cars known to patrol these lakes for late-night skinny-dippers . 
 he can remember doubting himself , believing he was not the sort of person to chase the night into the early hours of the morning . 
 he can listen for tamar 's muffled voice behind the row of trees up ahead and move closer into the trees , under the canopy of leaves that blot out the stars and moon , to a clearing where the path grows wide and merges with a small , dirt beach . 
 for adam , this night is like a story told between old friends over and over again : there are new highlights , new twists , particulars that change over time , but the joy is in its familiarity and the memory it evokes . 
 when tamar removes her clothes and walks slowly across the beach , into the lake until small waves splash against her knees , it is like listening to your favorite song for the hundredth time and hearing something new . 
 it is because adam knows what to expect , because he has seen this girl , nude , diving into the water , coming up for air , her skin bright against the dark lake , shining and inviting , that he can experience it with more depth than every time before . 
 he strips off his clothes -- his shirt and shoes and pants and shorts -- and wades into the water , perfectly aware of every sensation , and every unanticipated deviation from the night 's usual course . 
 he swims to the center , away from the cover of trees , alone and secluded yet fully on display , the sky clear , and his feet scrape a sand bar in the center of the lake . 
 `` can you touch ? '' 
 tamar asks . 
 she swims near and adam reaches to her . 
 he kisses her , and there is the thrill of new passion -- of two strangers who have just barely met -- and also the comfort of lips you have kissed ten thousand times . 
 he knows her habits , her body , and her inclinations , and when they kiss again and make love out in the center of the lake , it is for the first time and the millionth time . 
 he knows her , but does not know this her . 
 he has loved her , married her , grown old with her , but not yet with this unique iteration of her . 
 things will be different this time around -- they always are -- but there is no fear of the unknown . 
 unlike the first time adam lived this night , he knows he will have this moment again ; he will see this girl again ; her smell and eyes and sound echoing over the water will be with him forever . 
 she kisses him and sighs , and their bodies go still , and he lives in this moment . 
 he knows there is a lifetime of nights ahead of him that will end as this one had , with tamar 's head resting against his chest and neither of them worried about tomorrow , but for now he remains occupied with the present , with her warm skin and the cool water and the current that rocks them gently beneath the clear summer sky . 
 the end . 
 acknowledgements thank you , the reader , for taking a chance on a newbie author . 
 hopefully i kept you entertained ! 
 if you enjoyed nine lives of adam blake , please consider leaving a review on your favorite retailer 's website . 
 big thanks to all my friends and family for your encouragement over the course of this project . 
 special shout outs to redhead preservation society -lrb- josh@madebyredheads.com -rrb- , for cover art design ; chad and robert at www.bookeditors.com , for editing services ; majin niewiadomski , for insight on the daily life of young american zen buddhists ; and also the priest from my youth who once gave a sermon that roughly inspired father tim 's st. paul corollary in chapter three . 
 i do n't remember the priest , the church , or even what city i was living in at the time , but the sermon stuck . 
 lastly , thank you katherine . 
 you 've been my muse and cheerleader throughout this whole thing . 
 i ca n't imagine this book -lrb- or much of anything else i do -rrb- existing without your support , understanding , and inspiration . 
 i love you . 
 about the author ryan gladney lives in minneapolis , minnesota , with his wife and son . 
 this is his first novel . 
 his website is http://www.ryandgladney.com . 
 twitter and instagram @glyanradney . 
