 ellie by margaret windsor copyright this book is a work of fiction . 
 names , characters , events , locales , organizations , and incidents either are the product of the author 's imagination or are used fictitiously . 
 any resemblance to actual persons , living or dead , events , or locales is entirely coincidental . 
 copyright margaret windsor 2014 all rights reserved . 
 table of contents prologue chapter 1 chapter 2 chapter 3 chapter 4 chapter 5 chapter 6 chapter 7 chapter 8 chapter 9 chapter 10 chapter 11 chapter 12 chapter 13 chapter 14 chapter 15 chapter 16 chapter 17 chapter 18 chapter 19 chapter 20 chapter 21 things i would like this year 1 . 
 a serious boyfriend who looks reasonably normal and is nice . 
 i 'll compromise on the first if necessary . 
 2 . 
 not to have to compromise on part one of # 1 . 
 3 . 
 a job that , when people hear it , makes them say , `` oh , wow ! '' 
 and experience a bout of mild jealousy directed my way , instead of , `` oh , how nice ! '' 
 with a shake of their heads at my wasted education . 
 4 . 
 to work in a corporate office that has free snacks . 
 5 . 
 not to gain too much weight in said corporate office . 
 6 . 
 to get to travel for work , with things like company-paid airline tickets and hotel rooms -lrb- and not have to fundraise by myself for any of it -rrb- . 
 7 . 
 a set of great girlfriends , like the women from sex in the city , except a little more conservative . 
 8 . 
 an adventure . 
 9 . 
 a sense of purpose . 
 10 . 
 success . 
 finally . 
 please ? 
 chapter 1 -- in which i start my transformation with a new apartment my mother seemed to think one needed a job before an apartment ; usually , i would have been inclined to agree with her , except that in new york city , one could n't really pass up a room whose monthly rent was in the three figures and had an in-unit washer and dryer . 
 i had strategically maneuvered my move such that my mother would not cross paths with the weirdest of my three roommates , though she had already noticed that the kitchen did n't have a stove or an oven , and then proceeded to stand in the center of my room , arms outstretched , to prove to me that she could touch both walls . 
 `` it 's new york ! '' 
 i said , trying to sound a great deal cheerier than i felt . 
 somehow , the move to new york city sounded a lot more exciting when it was just a crazy idea , daydreamed about at my old job in walnut creek . 
 `` of course the room is going to be small . '' 
 after a tour of the neighborhood , after which my mom bought me a can of pepper spray and some toilet paper , we circled back to say our good-byes . 
 i might have cried a little , but in my defense she started it , and kept saying things like , `` there are still so many good jobs in california ! '' 
 `` but i do n't want to be in california , '' i told her , remembering my normal-sized bedroom and the free food at my parents ' house . 
 but now i was an adult , and that meant sharing tiny apartments in overly large cities in pursuit of a little self-respect . 
 `` well , '' my mother said , drawing herself up and growing more business-like , `` you have enough for three months rent , but you 'll have to pay your father and i back once you start earning an income . '' 
 the way she said it made it sound dubious , which i disliked . 
 `` i already have a few interviews , '' i said , as she was on her way out . 
 well , one interview . 
 and someone had asked me to send in a writing sample , but that was for an unpaid internship . 
 `` love you ! '' 
 i went back into my tiny little new york city apartment , decided that this was the day i officially started adulthood , and began to cry . 
 the same thing happened the first day of college , too , and that had gone alright , so i considered it a fairly promising start . 
 chapter 2 -- my humanitarian job in walnut creek i went to a fancy college . 
 most of the time i wished i had n't , because whenever people met me they seemed to expect a long list of accomplishments , a notion i had to disabuse them of as soon as possible . 
 this was done fairly easily when they realized that 1 -rrb- i was not rich ; 2 -rrb- i did not have immediate prospects of becoming rich ; and 3 -rrb- i did not even have any consolation prizes that made up for being not-rich , such as fame or power or connections . 
 unfortunately , as my generation was discovering , education was highly overrated , especially if you did not major in computer science or want to go to graduate school . 
 i mean liberal arts ? 
 that was a good idea , what , three hundred years ago , when all the disciplines were connected anyway ? 
 point being , i was n't sure what to do post-graduation . 
 i went to the career office in march of my senior year , where i panicked the poor career office lady when i told her i did n't have a plan . 
 `` but ... it 's too late to apply to graduate school ! '' 
 she spluttered . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` and too late for fellowships ! '' 
 she said . 
 `` well , i thought maybe i could get a job ... '' she latched onto this and hail-mary-ed me into an opening in a nonprofit organization that the school had a relationship with , a tutoring center in walnut creek . 
 -lrb- to be fair , i was given a list of options , but walnut creek was home , and i thought , hey , nobody stays in their first job for long anyway , so why not save a little on rent money ? -rrb- 
 i spent the last few months , up until graduation , in a haze of mild self-approval , satisfied that i was finally going to go out into the real world and earn a living , and at least i was n't selling out like all those corporate consultants and investment bankers -lrb- who had , ahem , gotten their résumés together early enough to apply for those coveted jobs -rrb- . 
 i was going to be doing a service for little children everywhere -- well , the ones in walnut creek , at least -- and if i was n't going to get rich quick , at least i 'd be doing something meaningful . 
 this was all before i realized that my `` education coordinator and program assistant '' position was a glorified receptionist job . 
 in fact , i was not the receptionist , but her assistant . 
 the receptionist was named anita fillie , a lady of forty-five whose phone manner absolutely blew me out of the water -lrb- you could say anything , anything , to her , and never would she once allow an awkward pause to wedge its way in -rrb- . 
 she had red-orange locks and a sort of spread-out body that seemed a permanent fixture in her chair , except at precisely five o’clock when she would clock out -- a habit i took up once i was sufficiently disillusioned , which took me about three months . 
 on my first day , anita allowed me to answer one of the phones , which , i learned with dismay , was supposed to be about fifty percent of my duties as the `` education coordinator and program assistant . '' 
 `` hello ? '' 
 i said into the receiver , on the second ring -lrb- anita told me to never pick up on the first -rrb- . 
 frantic waving from anita . 
 i had obviously said the wrong thing . 
 panicking , i tried to listen to the voice on the other end , only to realize that , while watching anita wave in frustration , i had completely tuned the person out . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 i repeated again . 
 more frantic waving from anita . 
 more panicking by me . 
 from the rage in her eyes , i guessed i had said the wrong thing , and my mind instantly went to the opposite . 
 `` good-bye ! '' 
 i shouted , as the voice repeated itself , and i slammed the phone back down . 
 anita and i had stared at each other in silence for some seconds . 
 it was the first and the last call that i took at the tutoring center . 
 occasionally the program head , a nice elderly woman who was a corporate-lawyer-turned-philanthropist , would encourage me to go `` interact with the children , '' a job i at first relished and soon came to abhor . 
 i had expected that my favorite part of my humanitarian , good-doer job would be the whole doing-good part , but that could n't have turned out to be further from the truth . 
 in reality , as i discovered with a growing sense of guilt and horror , i really disliked spending all of that time with the children . 
 most of them were perfectly nice in their own way , but they had an uncanny ability to take all of the energy that you thought you had and drain it instantly , so that after an hour of chatting you would check the clock and realize you still had seven more hours to go in the day . 
 at least back in the reception office , time would slow to a drool and grow so monotonous that it eventually began to drain away quickly . 
 no such luck with the children . 
 by the time i was twenty-four , a few of my friends had graduated from business school . 
 i had been promoted to `` education coordinator and program associate , '' but without a pay raise , because it was , of course , a nonprofit . 
 other friends of mine had gotten a promotion , or moved from one prestigious job to the next . 
 some had given up their less-lucrative careers for grad school , a prospect that seemed pretty enticing until i realized i would have to take the gre , not to mention scrounge up some recommendations . 
 -lrb- recommendations : evil , evil things . 
 i mean , really , what do a bunch of professors know about my character and work ethic ? 
 why must i ask and compel them to comment upon it ? 
 i feel like there should be some trial system instead . 
 anything but asking favors from people who can barely remember my name . -rrb- 
 by the time i was twenty-five , my friends from law school were graduating , and my friends in med school were doing rotations and looking forward to something called `` residency , '' which sounded way more adult than i would ever be . 
 i had not received another promotion , but the program head had delicately suggested to me that most college graduates did not stay beyond two years , and that they were going to be downsizing the office soon . 
 this had come as quite a shock to me , as i had been under the impression that i was an indispensable part of the office . 
 sure , anita did n't let me answer phones , but who else would make all of the copies ? 
 who would teach anita how to log on to the internet after she accidentally disconnected ? 
 and my fancy degree ! 
 but after i had recovered from the ego blow , and sobbed over the three years of my wasted life , i was grateful for the chance to at least do something different . 
 who knows how long i would have stayed in that office , configuring the tutoring schedule , if the program head had n't given me that gentle nudge . 
 `` well , good luck to you , '' anita had said to me , when i had told her . 
 she had clucked and shook her head when i had informed her that i did not , in fact , have anything else lined up yet . 
 the problem was , i did n't know what i wanted . 
 i did n't really have a `` passion '' or any career-related hobbies . 
 all i knew was that i wanted something very different from that little tutoring office in walnut creek -- i wanted fancy corporate offices , and corporate trips , and lots of corporate parties in fancy places with fancy people who were most certainly not children and who would shake my hand and respect me as the corporate and sensible adult that i had finally become . 
 `` no , i do n't mean business , '' i had said , when i had explained this all to my mother . 
 `` there are plenty of nonprofits with fancy offices , too . '' 
 `` oh , ellie , '' my mother had sighed . 
 but it did n't matter . 
 i was off to the most corporate place i could think of , the best , the biggest , the brightest , the most powerful -- new york city . 
 chapter 3 -- in which i realize i was wrong about my weirdest roommate i had gotten lucky , in that a room was offered to me by one of my college friends , who was completing an art degree at new york university . 
 friends is perhaps too strong a term . 
 we had a great deal of mutual friends , and i had said hi to her at a few parties . 
 i saw your facebook post ! 
 claire 's cheery message started out . 
 i actually have a place , and you 're not going to believe the price . 
 she was right . 
 i took a look at the pictures she sent , checked the price again , and turned back to the pictures . 
 i asked if she had added an extra two hundred by mistake , and was much more coldly informed that it was impossible to find such a cheap place anywhere in the city . 
 and , built-in washers and dryers ! 
 but utilities and internet and heat not included . 
 i met her two roommates on my reconnaissance trip out , after i had formally finished up at my job . 
 already i had sent out about fifty résumés and received arctic-cold silence in response . 
 claire told me this was normal , though she seemed worried about rent . 
 `` you have to give me notice , alright ? '' 
 she said , about five times that day . 
 finally i agreed that if i had n't found a job in a month , they could start showing my place again . 
 `` but what if i get a job and you already offered my room to someone else ? '' 
 `` it happens , '' claire said with a shrug , and i was n't sure if this meant that i would have to move out or not . 
 the two roommates were another grad student named lisbeth -lrb- the weird one -- her real name was elizabeth , but apparently she had some legal paperwork pending -rrb- , and nori -lrb- who was probably not really named nori , but who was so nice that i did n't bother asking -rrb- . 
 nori was twenty-four , had graduated from yale , and was now in an indie band , all of which made me feel pretty good about myself , as here was another person with a fancy degree going nowhere in life . 
 i did not , of course , mention this to him . 
 lisbeth chain-smoked as she explained the apartment rules to me , grilling claire about whether or not i had been warned to stay out of her anime collection , and her `` performance kit '' in the bathroom , and her personal closet -lrb- a collection of hipster boots -rrb- ; finally , she gave me a cold once-over and warned me that the neighbor downstairs was a pervert . 
 `` so keep your curtains closed unless you like that kind of thing , '' she said , blowing smoke into my face . 
 i had been relieved to hear that lisbeth had gone on a three-week trip to scotland , part of some sort of documentary-scouting thing , and resolved that this would be the perfect time to show my mother the place and move in . 
 nori was visiting home , so for the first few days , claire and i had the place to ourselves . 
 since it was summer , she only worked a hostess job in the evening , which she said gave her a lot of great connections and indeed seemed to add to her artistic aura . 
 the days she spent going to coffee shops and reading a great deal of german literature . 
 `` i wish i still kept up with that , '' i said , as she left one morning with a fresh novel tucked under her arm . 
 `` with what ? '' 
 `` you know . 
 education . '' 
 i had laughed awkwardly , and received an arched eyebrow in return . 
 my images of claire and i turning into sex and the city best buds disappeared , and i spent the rest of the day launching résumé rockets into cyberspace . 
 that weekend , claire had a party . 
 `` oh , no , i do n't mind ! '' 
 i had said , when she had asked me about it . 
 `` i 'm invited , right ? '' 
 i laughed again in that stupid , nervous way that made claire arch one eyebrow . 
 her silence did not seem to be an affirmative . 
 given that our apartment was approximately the size of a large -lrb- though segmented -rrb- room , i did not expect the party to be , well , a party . 
 i thought claire might have a few friends over , pop open a few wine bottles -lrb- since we were all adults -rrb- , and chat over jobs and love woes and politics . 
 i had even pulled open my window , in expectation of the cigarette smoke that i loathed but was getting used to -lrb- the curtains remained firmly fastened in place , though -- no chances to be taken there -rrb- . 
 instead , by midnight , the entire apartment was packed , i had wedged my bed against the door to prevent any more drunken couples from stumbling in , and the techno mmph mmph mmph was driving me to near-insanity and potential violence . 
 at this point i received a text from nori , asking if i could let him in . 
 i promptly stabbed the response into my phone , that a giant wasted party had invaded our apartment and i was not able to go open the door , for if i was not stomped to death on the way out i would probably start pepper-spraying all the guests on my way back in . 
 just meant buzz me up , the response said . 
 button is in your room . 
 sorry . 
 `` does this happen often ? '' 
 i asked nori , the next day as he stood in the cramped kitchen drinking coffee . 
 the floor of the apartment was covered in stains -- of alcohol and numerous bodily fluids i did not want to consider . 
 a strange layer of feathers dusted everything . 
 `` i think she had a pop-up party , '' nori said , flipping through the newspaper . 
 it was a strangely domestic act for our weird , adult-y apartment in lower manhattan . 
 only his skinny jeans and black eyeliner seemed out of place -- his outfit from the night before . 
 apparently , once he had entered , nori had n't been able to make his way back to his room . 
 `` a pop-up party ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 you know , just pops up . '' 
 he grinned and shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know , it 's something claire 's into . 
 you should 've told her you did n't want her to have it here . 
 i 've never let her before . '' 
 we took a moment to survey the mess together . 
 `` i did n't know it would be like this , '' i protested . 
 `` i do n't think they all are , '' said nori . 
 he had dark , jet-black hair that hung sloppily over his forehead and light blue eyes , heavily lashed -lrb- though that might have been the mascara -rrb- . 
 `` but the vampire ones are especially bad . '' 
 `` vampire ? '' 
 i cried . 
 nori poured me a cup of coffee and suggested we go out on the deck . 
 `` do n't clean -- claire will do it when she wakes up . '' 
 i followed in mute submission , still reeling and trying to process the idea of a vampire pop-up party . 
 is that why some of the boys had been wearing capes the night before ? 
 i had just assumed it was a new hipster thing . 
 `` claire says it 's all about pushing-boundaries , '' nori said , as we made our way outside . 
 he blew on his hot coffee and held the door for me , waiting as i picked my way over old clothes and a guitar case to reach him . 
 `` i think she takes certain liberties as an art student . '' 
 `` right , '' i said , as he slid the door shut behind me . 
 i took a sip in the cool morning air , enjoying the view of concrete and scaffolding . 
 the ` deck ' was more like a balcony , accessible only through nori 's room . 
 the natural light made yesterday 's makeup look more comical on him , and he noticed me staring and grinned . 
 `` i 'll clean up eventually , '' he said . 
 nori had a day job at a tutoring center , an odd resonance with my old life . 
 `` so how long has claire been into ... vampire stuff ? '' 
 `` couple months , '' nori said with a shrug . 
 he still smelled like booze and cigarettes , though i had never actually seen him smoke . 
 i leaned back against the wall , checking my phone to see if any new interview offers had come in . 
 a big fat zero . 
 `` i think they just wear capes and stuff . 
 some of them get their teeth filed and only go out at night , but nothing crazy . '' 
 `` i think i saw a law & order episode about that , '' i said . 
 `` remind me again why claire likes that stuff ? 
 art ? '' 
 `` something like that . 
 research , maybe . 
 i do n't really ask . '' 
 i was a bit disappointed that our manhattan apartment -lrb- complete with an in-unit washer and dryer -rrb- was not going to turn out to be like any of the myriad television shows i had seen about life in the city . 
 i had always gotten along with my college roommates , most of whom i counted among my best friends , but it seemed that nori and lisbeth and claire merely shared space , and did their best to stay out of each other 's way . 
 `` how did you even start living together ? '' 
 i asked him , as nori leaned forward to look over the metal railing . 
 an old man was staring up at us , and i was tempted to ask nori if it was the pervert , so i could be on guard . 
 `` it was just me and todd at first . 
 my friend , '' he said . 
 he waved to the old man , who gave him the finger and hobbled off . 
 `` then rent got expensive . 
 todd asked his girlfriend to move in . 
 claire . '' 
 `` claire ? 
 like , that claire ? '' 
 `` yup . '' 
 down below , the first creepings of rush hour traffic began to show , taxis and cars and bicycles and pedestrians emerging from side streets or sharp corners , chugging along with a grumpy sort of determination . 
 `` they broke up ; todd moved back home to kansas . 
 claire got her grad school friend to move in to make rent . 
 two , actually , but one ran out of money and moved back to texas . '' 
 `` sheesh . '' 
 i thought of my three-month timetable , and my sole interview , scheduled for later that week . 
 `` and then she found you . '' 
 he grinned , dumping the rest of his coffee into a sorry-looking plant on the neighbor 's balcony . 
 `` welcome to our family . '' 
 `` you do n't mind living with three girls ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` to be honest , i 'm looking right now , '' nori said . 
 `` my drummer thinks his roommate might be packing out soon . 
 i will miss the washer and dryer , though . '' 
 `` does claire know ? '' 
 `` nope , and it 's better that way . 
 she 'd start showing my place immediately and want to kick me out if someone wanted it . '' 
 `` even though you were here first ? '' 
 `` new york city real estate , '' nori said with a shrug . 
 `` i ca n't blame her . 
 what she really wants is a lease , which she 'll get in september . 
 hell if i 'm signing one of those with her . '' 
 i counted the time until then -- eight weeks . 
 did i want to sign a lease with her , too ? 
 she had n't mentioned one to me when i moved in . 
 nori asked what my plans that day were , and i tried to make something up about exploring the city , and applying for jobs , and meeting up with some college friends -lrb- the last was a complete fabrication -- somehow , i had not made any friends in college that had gone off to manhattan , a lack i was now feeling sorely -rrb- . 
 nori nodded and , i 'm sure , pretended not to notice that my answer was a whole wad of nothings . 
 `` what about your band ? '' 
 i said finally , redirecting . 
 `` when do you guys play next ? 
 i mean , what kind of music do you play ? 
 are you a singer ? 
 i saw your guitar in there . '' 
 i cleared my throat and choked down another sip of coffee . 
 nori grew slightly more animated as he talked about his music -- he was a singer-songwriter , he explained , though he had tried to pick up guitar to help . 
 his band consisted of him and a few friends from college , two other yalies and a kid from columbia , who was a more recent addition . 
 `` i figure we give it a couple of years , you know , '' he said , with an edge of defensiveness that i thought i recognized , from my time at the nonprofit . 
 the explanation of why , with all of my natural advantages , i was not already pocketing hundreds of thousands of dollars , or at least living in my own apartment . 
 `` i just want to give it a real go . 
 nothing half-assed . '' 
 `` right , '' i said . 
 i wondered if nori had imagined that pursuing his dream might be like this -- dirty apartment , boring day job , day-after-day of doing what he loved and not seeing a lot of results . 
 not that i knew what these results might be , of course . 
 i just knew that he had been at this for at least two years , and was n't famous . 
 i thought about how many bands bloomed and died like nori 's , and just how few made it through . 
 he had to know that , though . 
 what made him think his could be one of them ? 
 i asked him the question , curious . 
 nori laughed . 
 `` i do n't , '' he said , `` but all i know is that i have to try . '' 
 and then he used the redirect on me , and asked me what i was passionate about . 
 but at that point , i had finished the coffee , and suggested we head back inside , and with a wicked grin that told me he knew exactly what i was doing , nori agreed and let the subject drop . 
 chapter 4 -- in which i meet a normal-looking boy what was i passionate about ? 
 in college i had volunteered , and been involved with my dorm , and worked as treasurer of the outing club . 
 i also really liked history , enough to major in it despite my mother 's warnings -lrb- `` how many historians are there nowadays , ellie ? '' -rrb- . 
 i had always thought that i might go into academia , but by senior year i had burnt out on papers , and imbibed enough of the warnings about the poverty and pettiness of the university system to decide against it . 
 that left jobs , none of which i was particularly `` passionate '' about . 
 how could i be passionate about industries that i knew nothing about ? 
 and business just seemed intimidating , a giant umbrella term for a thousand tiny possibilities , each as cryptic as the last . 
 there were banks , what i typically thought of as business , and then there were hedge funds , and consultants , and entrepreneurs , not to mention every single industry that utilized them . 
 nonprofits had seemed safe and respectable , but i was no longer sure i felt that way . 
 was it just laziness that made me think they were a good career path , a desire to hand my life over to someone who could assure me i was doing good work ? 
 part of me thought so . 
 if i really cared about helping kids , for instance , i would have done a lot more than work in a reception office . 
 i was coasting , coasting and wasting my life and education , and the worst part was , i was n't sure what else i could do . 
 so ran my thoughts as i wasted time at a coffee shop that morning , fretting that my simple coffee had cost over four dollars , and that since i could n't cook in our non-kitchen kitchen , i would soon bankrupt myself on eating out . 
 already i pictured boarding a plane -lrb- paid for by my parents -rrb- and flying back to walnut creek , tail between my legs , searching for a job that required all the skills i had gained in my three years as a receptionist 's assistant . 
 maybe , though , i just needed to expand my search . 
 start submitting to anything and everything that looked like it could be a match . 
 thus far i had limited myself to certain academic assistant jobs and nonprofit openings , but i could n't endure the silence much longer . 
 pulling out my laptop , i spent the next couple of hours sending out my résumé . 
 could i file case papers and answer phones for a law office ? 
 sure . 
 could i stand for long periods and haul at least 50 lbs . 
 for a local library ? 
 why not . 
 could i copyedit drafts produced by a very dry-sounding manufacturer ? 
 nothing would give me greater pleasure . 
 the cover letters were a pain , until finally i created a template that allowed me to slip in just one personalized sentence -lrb- and a few proper nouns -rrb- so that i could really start churning them out . 
 i had gotten into a nice flow when someone took the seat across from me . 
 i looked up in surprise as the boy shrugged , pointing at the now-full café . 
 he smiled , and i blushed and ducked my head . 
 he was too cute for me to keep focusing . 
 i was aware of the deep blush that rose to my cheeks as i pretended to continue my work uninterrupted . 
 at least , i thought , i had bothered putting on a proper outfit today , a belted dress and pair of flats , in case -lrb- ha ! -rrb- 
 i had to go to any last-minute interviews . 
 i thought i looked casual yet professional , and had even tied up my long brown hair into a bun . 
 dear blah-blah employer , i typed , still feeling the heat of the boy 's eyes on me . 
 i did n't dare glance up again , even though i yearned to get another look at him . 
 he had been in a suit -- a proper business suit , like a proper adult -- and had strawberry-blonde hair and the sort of broad shoulders of an ex-rugby athlete . 
 he pulled a small laptop onto our table , and i muttered an apology and struggled to make room . 
 in the process my coffee nearly tipped over , and i managed to save it -- and avoid dousing his computer -- only by spilling half of it on the floor . 
 the girl at the table next to me looked up and sneered , moving her splashed foot away from the brown puddle . 
 without a word the boy got up and returned with a wad of napkins , dropping to the ground and moving them around with one loafered foot . 
 `` sorry , '' i said , feeling myself now turn a deep shade of purple . 
 `` thanks . 
 i 'll do it . '' 
 `` someone will get it , '' he said , dropping another wad of napkins . 
 `` you want another ? 
 i 'll buy ; it was my fault for stealing your table . '' 
 again that easy grin . 
 well ! 
 i thought , still blushing , amazed that this was happening exactly as it would in a movie . 
 in walnut creek , i almost exclusively interacted with high schoolers and young families ; people my age were out in san francisco , or palo alto , or berkeley , and i was just far enough away to be excluded from such circles . 
 but now , i was in a city full of young people , young people who were friendly , who offered to buy you coffee when you spilled your own like a giant klutz ... `` oh , thank you , '' i said , when i realized the boy was still waiting . 
 `` sorry ! 
 i mean , yeah . 
 coffee . 
 just ... coffee . '' 
 i was too embarrassed to give him the milk and sugar specifications , both because it would seem a bit presumptuous , and because i required copious amounts . 
 he returned five minutes later , after pointing out the mess to one of the café attendants . 
 `` coffee and creamer , '' he said , dumping the little packets next to me and setting down the cup between our two computers . 
 `` oh , sugar . 
 girls like sugar , huh ? '' 
 `` oh , this is fine , '' i said . 
 `` thanks . 
 you really did n't have to . '' 
 `` i 'm sean , '' the boy said , offering his hand -lrb- very carefully , i noticed , high above the computers -rrb- . 
 `` ellie . '' 
 sean turned out to be what he called a `` consultant-i-banker mix , '' describing his work of matching up clients with in-house `` genius teams '' that produced `` einstein reports '' that were guaranteed to increase profits or cut the fat or boost morale . 
 `` we have a lot of ivy league grads , '' he said , `` but truthfully i think they 're overrated , you know . 
 i mean , i 'm one to talk , i went to the wharton school of business . '' 
 he laughed , and i joined in , uneasy . 
 `` but business school is different . 
 the undergraduates are all a little too ... soft . 
 not hungry enough . 
 they expect everything to be handed to them on a platter . 
 what did you say you did ? '' 
 `` oh ! 
 uh , nonprofits , '' i said . 
 `` any particular one ? '' 
 sean said , smirking . 
 i said that i worked with children and asked him to tell me more about einstein reports , which launched him into another long speech about quality control and the way that the newbies would steal credits . 
 `` and after i warmed up the leads , you know ? '' 
 he said , and i nodded sympathetically , as if i understood anything he was saying . 
 i secretly hoped that i had n't accidentally applied to his `` consulting-i-banking company , '' and asked the name of it just so that i could make sure i stayed well away . 
 back in college , i would have found an opportunity to slip away , and then made sure that we never crossed paths again . 
 but now i was in new york city , with no jobs and no friends and an apartment that housed vampire parties , and i figured that beggars could n't be choosers , not right now . 
 so i gave sean the consultant-i-banker my number , certain that he liked me mostly because i had let him talk about himself so much . 
 `` some of my boys and i will be hanging out later , '' sean said with a yawn . 
 `` going to a bar . 
 i 'll text you . '' 
 `` great ! '' 
 i said , with the brightest smile i could muster , and packed up my things as quickly as i could . 
 i was pretty sure the café worker who had cleaned up my mess gave me the stink-eye on the way out . 
 by way of apology , i dropped a few dollars in the tip jar as i left , leaning over an elderly woman in a jumpsuit who was complaining about the amount of soy that had been poured into her hazelnut decaf latte . 
 when i told nori about the boy later , he laughed and said to avoid that type . 
 `` just go meet some people the normal way , '' he said , which made no sense to me , because what was more normal than meeting someone in a café , like in the movies ? 
 even if that someone turned out to be a bit of a self-centered twit . 
 i did , however , get a second interview offer , and by the time i came home , claire had cleaned up most of the grime from the party . 
 so , all in all , i counted the day a success . 
 chapter 5 -- my first job interview a few days , a hundred cover letters , and one business suit later , i was out the door and on my way to my first interview . 
 it was at the only nonprofit that had gotten back to me , an international kid 's charity that seemed to do everything under the sun , from feeding starving children in developing countries to educating the needy in the inner cities -lrb- as pulled from their website -rrb- . 
 i had learned everything i could about their programs , put on a pair of walkable heels , and made my way to the subway , leaving myself ample time for getting lost . 
 which , in fact , i ended up needing , as i walked into the wrong building and spent a half hour locked in a fire escape before the maintenance workers directed me out . 
 `` ellie carter , here for an interview with -- '' `` ellie ? '' 
 a slim woman with ice-blonde hair said , smiling and striding out . 
 the receptionist gave a bland smile and turned back to her computer . 
 the office was just as nice as i had imagined -- nicer , even , all modern architecture and sleek desks and open floor plans . 
 the heads of a few of the employees turned to watch with interest as my interviewer , marta skoljnik , the head of fundraising , led us into her office . 
 `` thank you so much for coming out , '' the woman said smoothly . 
 she had a soothing , professional voice , almost singsong , a perfect machine of corporate respectability and success . 
 she even looked successful , with her perfect hair and makeup and strange agelessness that had come from a probable cocktail of botox , fillers , and facials . 
 her office faced another concrete new york city street , this one with a view of midtown , and she offered me a seat in one of the egg-shaped chairs across from her desk . 
 `` thank you for having me , '' i said , declining her offer of tea or coffee . 
 this woman probably did not drink either -- her teeth were too white , like tiny polished pearls inside her pink mouth . 
 maybe one day i would be like that , pretty and primped and plucked to perfection , like a prize chicken . 
 step one : land the job . 
 the first questions were easy enough . 
 i had prepared to discuss my work back in walnut creek , and to explain how my receptionist-like position was really a great springboard for this role . 
 `` we were a small charity , '' i explained , `` so i had the opportunity to see multiple sides of the business and step in wherever i was -- '' `` that 's very nice , '' said marta , with a smile . 
 she was leaning back against her desk , half-casual , half-intimidating . 
 she had not yet sat down , which i was n't sure how to take . 
 `` but we 're a very large organization , and we work with very large accounts that require a highly specialized touch . 
 do you have any experience working with donors ? '' 
 i thought of the fat , cheerful priest who came in once a year to offer his church 's donation . 
 the amounts were so small that the tutors joked he had been skimming from them . 
 `` well , '' i said , `` once we had a campaign to raise money for some school supplies ... '' i trailed off , hoping she would n't press me . 
 the `` campaign '' was a series of fliers that anita had me copy and mail off to local families , all of who were already familiar with our work . 
 we had scrabbled together a few hundred dollars , most of it from our own employees . 
 `` what accounts did you work with ? '' 
 she asked , still with that smile across her face . 
 i wondered if it had been botoxed on . 
 but no ... she was starting to frown ; evidently it could change ... `` um , '' i said , to fill the silence , `` no accounts , really . '' 
 `` pardon me , companies . 
 donors . '' 
 `` individual families , mostly . '' 
 `` i see . 
 philanthropists ? '' 
 `` uh , yeah , '' i said , already feeling myself slip in her estimation . 
 `` i 'm very willing to learn , '' i added finally , desperately , as if i could somehow spin my ignorance into a positive quality . 
 but i was no longer a college student ; i had been out three years in the world , was supposed to have something to show for my adult-ness . 
 the woman looked back down at the résumé i had handed her , struggling to find another question to ask . 
 we talked briefly about college ; the woman mentioned she had a son applying , and coolly pumped me for some admissions tips before showing me to the door . 
 i could already see the thought flying through her head : well , if my son gets into a good college , he certainly wo n't waste it as that poor girl has done ... `` how was it ? '' 
 my mom said , when she picked up . 
 `` oh , ellie , do n't cry ! 
 it was just one interview . 
 what 's that about botox ? '' 
 chapter 6 -- in which i realize that , in a city of young people , i still have no friends after a great deal of trouble , i managed to make sure i had a full weekend planned : a meet-up with sean the consultant-i-banker one night , and a dinner reunion with some high school friends i had tracked down after a great deal of internet stalking . 
 i would not , not , not sit in my apartment alone , waiting for claire to have another vampire pop-up party or inhaling lisbeth 's secondhand smoke . 
 besides , if anything was going to cheer me up about 1 -rrb- being broke , 2 -rrb- not having a job , and 3 -rrb- failing utterly at my dream of becoming a successful adult , it was having a social life . 
 and maybe , once that all fell into place , my career dreams would , too . 
 the point was , i did n't want to think about them right then . 
 the dinner reunion came first . 
 i had cobbled together an old track teammate , my tenth - and eleventh-grade lab partner , and a girl who had once dated one of my best guy friends -lrb- who , perhaps for the best , we had both fallen out of touch with -rrb- . 
 two of the girls were working in finance , one in fashion , and all were without a doubt much more successful than me . 
 `` so tell us , ellie , '' said my old track teammate , `` what have you been up to ? '' 
 over our salads i told them about my three years in walnut creek , drawing out the experience as much as i could , wondering to myself how three years of one 's life could sink so suddenly down the drain . 
 inside my head i wondered if i had bought into the sense of complacency that sean had talked about , and had decided that my hard work in high school and fancy degree had somehow entitled me to a life of success without having to think too hard about it . 
 certainly the past few years should have disabused me of that notion . 
 `` and now you 're in the city ! '' 
 said my old lab partner . 
 `` exciting . '' 
 she seemed to me to have undergone the most remarkable transformation -- i distinctly remembered how in tenth grade , she had been banned from the lab for the rest of the year after spilling acid on the teacher 's hands , and subsequently pulling the shower lever to try and fix it . 
 kids called her `` acid ally '' for a few months , a nickname that got back around to her mother and nearly gave her a heart attack , before it was explained . 
 but now ally had on a smart business suit -lrb- `` i just came from a meeting , '' she said upon arrival , setting down her designer briefcase next to her chair -rrb- , with her hair expertly dyed and pulled back , slim as all the rest of the new yorkers , more sophisticated than i thought any twenty-five-year-old had a right to be . 
 seriously , i thought , what have i been doing with my life ? 
 worse yet , two out of three of them had boyfriends , and ally was only refraining because `` she did n't think monogamy was ideal for her right now . '' 
 and i had never even realized there was a choice ! 
 but i found myself nodding along with the other girls , and mentioning sean the consultant-i-banker , whom i was getting drinks with the next day . 
 `` drinks are a cop-out , '' the ex-girlfriend of my old friend said . 
 `` i hope he 's buying you dinner after . 
 did you say his friends are coming , too ? '' 
 `` oh , maybe , '' i said , with a wave of my hand . 
 they all smiled politely and took sips of their wine . 
 i grabbed onto my water and downed another sip , wondering how they could stomach the fact that each of their white wine gulps cost them at least a dollar . 
 or did fancy jobs make such calculations inherently different ? 
 all in all , for getting four people together who had n't spoken in almost ten years -lrb- gah ! 
 i had n't realized i had lived long enough to think in those timeframes -rrb- , the night could have been a great deal more awkward . 
 but it seemed clear to me , when we left without exchanging numbers , that we would n't be meeting up again . 
 or at least , the girls would n't be meeting up with me . 
 i had thought seeking out my past would make me feel more connected . 
 heck , i had thought moving to a city full of young people would make me feel more connected . 
 but the truth was , i missed my mother and my dog and my little room back in walnut creek , where i would make chai lattes and sit reading trashy magazines on the weekend , dreaming of what i would do when i finally got my act together . 
 maybe i just was n't ready to be an adult . 
 or maybe the dream of it was always better than the reality . 
 certainly it seemed impossible enough to make friends either way . 
 i arrived back early at the apartment . 
 nori had left me a few slices of bread , with a sticky note telling me to use the chunky peanut butter -- the smooth seemed a bit rancid . 
 i had complained to him a few times about the cost of eating out , at which point he had taken it upon himself to educate me about the benefits of microwaveable food and peanut butter toast . 
 glumly i stuffed the bread into the toaster and took a whiff of the smooth jar that i instantly regretted . 
 `` hey . '' 
 i nearly jumped out of my skin , snatching up the butter knife as i whipped around , half-expecting to see one of claire 's vampire friends lurking in the shadows . 
 but it was only lisbeth , an old black t-shirt pulled over her short limbs , a cigarette dangling from her lips . 
 `` just so you know , i 'm having people over tomorrow . '' 
 `` oh , god , '' i said , before i could stop myself . 
 `` not like claire , '' lisbeth said , tapping ash into the sink . 
 `` school friends . 
 we 're having a wine-and-painting party . 
 we 'll need the common room '' -- by this i assumed she meant the narrow hall by which we all navigated to our separate rooms -- `` so it 'd be great if you could stay out of the way . 
 are you in tomorrow night also ? '' 
 `` i have a date , '' i said defensively . 
 `` okay . 
 good . '' 
 she left , trailing cigarette smoke behind her . 
 i waited until her footsteps had died down before making a few rude gestures . 
 well , i thought , one day i too would have tons of friends , and tons of parties , and ask to use the stupid common room for all sorts of stupid reasons . 
 i 'd buy wine in restaurants and in grocery stores and drink it whenever i wanted , just because i could . 
 i spent the next day restlessly wandering in and out of the apartment , resentful of my roommates ' presence and overly self-conscious of my own . 
 if i just seemed like i had places to be , i thought , then maybe they would think i actually had a life . 
 but i was pretty sure i was fooling nobody . 
 i texted sean for confirmation about drinks , and got the location and time texted back . 
 six o’clock , which seemed rather early , but perhaps going out was a marathon in new york city . 
 what did i really know ? 
 at 5:30 , nori swung by the apartment , and promptly laughed when he saw me . 
 `` what 's funny ? '' 
 i said defensively . 
 `` nothing . 
 going on a date ? '' 
 `` maybe . '' 
 i swung shut the door to my room to finish applying my makeup in peace . 
 a knock came a few seconds later . 
 `` hey , you look good , '' nori said , looking a bit sheepish . 
 `` i just have n't seen you dress up before , is all . 
 you know , like that . '' 
 he waved towards the tight , dark green dress i had pulled on , with a square cut and off-the-shoulder sleeves . 
 `` did n't mean to laugh at you . '' 
 `` it 's fine , '' i said , though in truth i now had butterflies in my stomach , and considered changing into something simpler instead . 
 i had already pressed on a pair of gold heels that to me now seemed gaudy for a place as drab-chic as manhattan . 
 `` so you like the guy , huh ? '' 
 nori said . 
 i could feel him start to laugh once more . 
 `` he 's fine . '' 
 i shut the door again . 
 i arrived fifteen minutes late , to make sure i was n't the first one there -- though that little trick did not work anyway . 
 i was at the bar for a full forty-five minutes before sean showed up , already slightly buzzed . 
 by then , i had turned down drinks from two leering older men and a boy who proudly showed me his driver 's license and then whispered , in a too-loud voice , that it was `` a very expensive fake . '' 
 the security in the bar took care of the latter for me . 
 `` you look nice , '' sean said , and for a moment seemed confused as to whether he should high-five or chest-bump me . 
 i turned it into a sort of handshake-hug instead . 
 `` how were the brats today ? '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` you work with children , right ? 
 nanny or something ? '' 
 `` oh . 
 they were fine , '' i said . 
 sean gave me a cursory introduction to the two closest of the dozen people who had suddenly invaded the bar , coworkers -- presumably fellow consultant-i-bankers -- that nodded in my direction and promptly turned back to their own conversations . 
 i tried not to be ungrateful , tried not to feel that sean and his friends were being rude , but never had i so completely felt my outsider status . 
 to the city , to these people , to everything . 
 perhaps sean invited girls along quite often on such outings , for no one seemed to care to speak to me , and only sean 's sloppy arm occasionally snaking its way around my neck gave me any indication that i should stay . 
 the chatter was all about clients and accounts and commissions , ninety percent complaints and ten percent self-congratulations . 
 i tried to look vaguely in the direction of the people having the closest conversation to me , but the one time i asked a question , the two girls looked over , looked at each other , laughed , and went to the bar for another round of drinks . 
 `` having fun ? '' 
 sean said , offering me a sip of his dark beer . 
 `` oh , absolutely ! '' 
 i said , with a big , sarcastic smile that he mirrored in drunken sincerity . 
 calm down , i told myself . 
 you have to start somewhere to make friends . 
 but a few minutes later , i was texting my mother : call me please . 
 need excuse to leave somewhere . 
 juvenile , yes . 
 but sean and his coworkers had now launched into a pitcher-chugging competition beside me , and i figured i had given it enough of a go to say that i had tried . 
 `` ellen ! '' 
 sean shouted at me . 
 `` you 're next ! '' 
 `` i do n't want to dr -- '' i started , but sean 's grip on me tightened , and he pushed me up against the high bar table as his red-faced coworkers laughed and beat the table , ignoring the dirty looks from the other bar patrons . 
 sean pushed the pitcher into my chest . 
 `` i 'm not going to drink it ! '' 
 i said , forced to catch it before it could drop at my feet . 
 next sean began to tip the pitcher back , back , until some of the beer began to slosh over my dress . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 i shouted , struggling against him , but he was not even looking my way now , talking with one of his female coworkers as he continued to tip back the pitcher of beer -lrb- probably thinking i was indeed chugging it -rrb- . 
 `` i said stop ! '' 
 i shouted , loud enough to be heard over the banging . 
 with a final effort i pulled away from sean , and half-flung the pitcher from me in frustration . 
 and completely doused sean . 
 he stared at me in dumb surprise , looking from me to the pitcher and then down at his soaked shirt . 
 he licked his lips , as if trying to remember whether he had been drinking it . 
 my phone began to ring , audible in the silence that had suddenly fallen . 
 `` well , that 's me , '' i said , darting past the judgmental gazes of the consultant-i-bankers . 
 i checked the name as i left -- nori , not my mom . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 i said , a little too brightly . 
 once i was outside , i leaned against the warm bricks of the bar wall and took a few breaths , disgusted at the smell of beer that rose from my shoes and clothes . 
 `` you told me to call ? '' 
 nori 's voice was amused . 
 `` what ? 
 i -- oh , crap . '' 
 i checked my text messages : yup , i had accidentally sent my s.o.s. to ` nori ' , instead of ` mom ' . 
 `` sorry . 
 meant to get my -- someone else to call me . 
 but thanks ! '' 
 i said , not wanting to seem ungrateful . 
 `` just needed out of there . '' 
 `` date not all you hoped for ? '' 
 `` well , it was n't really a date . '' 
 i pushed off the wall and began to walk down the street , wishing i had brought a coat with me . 
 my gold heels and bare legs were drawing some unwanted attention . 
 `` ... concert tonight , '' nori finished . 
 `` if you want to come . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i said , tuning back in . 
 `` some of my friends are playing . 
 i mean , my band is , too , but just a couple songs in the beginning . 
 we 're on in five . '' 
 `` yikes ! 
 sorry , '' i said , realizing he probably needed to go . 
 `` tell me the location -- i 'll try to make it . '' 
 he gave me an address that was blissfully just a few blocks away , and i hobbled there as quickly as i could , resolving not to wear heels anymore until i could afford taxi fare . 
 the club turned out to be a small , dark joint with blue lighting and a large bouncer out front that waved in the girls and made the boys line up in a sad , mopey line to the left . 
 i had never seen quite so many hipsters in one place -- the club attracted the particular breed of them that wore skinny black jeans , oversized glasses , and red plaid shirts , with hardly a deviation among them . 
 the one guy in a suit was given a wide berth , as if his non-conformity conformity might be contagious . 
 `` have fun , sweetheart , '' the bouncer said to me , in a voice that was surprisingly high , as he waved me in . 
 i pushed my way into the packed club . 
 well , it seemed no better place to make friends than the bar with sean 's friends , but at least it was easier to go unnoticed . 
 it seemed a college scene , almost ; i self-consciously wondered if i was one of the older people there , and then asked myself when i had started considering myself too old for a college scene . 
 i ordered a chocolate liqueur on the rocks , from a bartender who did n't check my i.d. , and wedged myself onto a seat at the bar as a long , wailing song blasted through the speakers . 
 i turned to the narrow stage in the back , and recognized nori behind one of the mics . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 i said under my breath , smiling . 
 i was sure he could n't see me , but i waved anyway , to the confusion of a boy standing a few feet away . 
 the boy waved awkwardly back ; nori did not . 
 full disclosure : i thought the song was terrible . 
 though , to be fair , i rarely listened to live music that i liked . 
 i preferred recorded tracks where they smoothed out all of the inconsistencies and where hundreds of drunken college students/hipsters were not shouting in the background . 
 nori did n't appear to be singing much for this one ; instead , a boy with blue-streaked hair was wailing about his `` lost soul in jersey '' and `` the crush of my steel boots in false paradise , '' part of a refrain repeated so often that they became the only intelligible words . 
 finally the song ended , and after a brief round of applause , nori stepped forward . 
 i sat up in my chair , and noticed a girl next to me punch her friend in the shoulder and point . 
 apparently nori had a couple of fans . 
 his voice was softer , more controlled . 
 the words were still difficult to make out , but it seemed to be some sort of love song . 
 the blue-haired boy sang back up and remained blissfully quiet for most of it , while a drummer and guitarist played behind them . 
 well , i thought , as i sipped my liqueur out of a small mason jar , it was n't that bad . 
 not that i was any judge of music . 
 but i thought that , if i had heard it on a regular track , i might even come to like it . 
 i 'd have to ask nori if he had a copy when we were back home . 
 the band played two more songs , after which nori gave a sweeping bow to the crowd and stood , grinning , while the blue-haired boy sauntered off to talk with a tiny blonde girl who was leaning up against the stage . 
 it seemed to me that nori was searching the crowd , and i gave one tentative wave in case it was me he was looking for . 
 the grin widened , and he loped over . 
 `` what 're you drinking ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i 'll just have a beer , thanks , '' he added to the bartender , who drawled off what was on tap and then went to retrieve a proper beer glass for him . 
 `` why did n't you get a mason jar ? '' 
 i asked , jealous as the normal-looking cup was placed before him . 
 `` probably something about aromas . 
 so ! '' 
 nori said , taking a sip of the beer so that a ring of foam clung to his upper lip . 
 `` did you make it for any of the songs ? '' 
 `` yeah ! 
 i liked yours best . 
 i think it was , uh , the love song ? '' 
 `` duty and honor ? '' 
 `` no ... red blues , maybe ? '' 
 `` red shoes , '' said nori , laughing . 
 `` cheers . '' 
 we clinked glasses . 
 i told nori about my terrible not-date date , and he ordered me another drink when i explained how i had unintentionally dumped a pitcher of beer on sean the consultant-i-banker 's head . 
 `` and that 's when you told me to call you ? '' 
 nori asked . 
 `` well , right before that . 
 i just needed an excuse to leave . '' 
 he told me about his band , and more about some of the others playing that night . 
 when i had finished my second drink -lrb- and was feeling a slight buzz -- the mason jars were a bit deceiving in size -rrb- , nori suggested we go backstage and meet some of the other musicians . 
 `` not sure if my bandmates are there ... oh , there 's mike . '' 
 he pointed to the blue-haired boy , who was grinding out-of-beat with the petite , busty blonde . 
 `` let 's see if the rest are in the back . '' 
 he took me by the elbow and dragged me along , parting the crowd with a few loud bouts of , `` excuse me ! 
 sorry , excuse me ! '' 
 some of the college-looking girls tittered and nudged each other as he passed , and i watched in amusement , wondering if i had acted that way when i was in college . 
 i did n't think i had had such an idealized respect for indie musicians , but then , i remembered one afternoon when i had encountered a pro-baseball player and my vocabulary had shrunken to two-syllable grunts of nonsense . 
 and i did n't even like baseball . 
 `` my kingdom , '' said nori grandly , bowing as he led me through a metal door into the back . 
 it reminded me of the theater wing in high school , relaxed and dark , with alternative-looking kids lounging against the walls or lying sprawled across the floors . 
 someone was strumming on a guitar down the hall , adjusting the strings . 
 nori nodded to a few and let go of his grip on my elbow , then replaced it when i stumbled . 
 `` sorry , '' i said . 
 `` have n't had a drink in awhile . 
 is there some water anywhere ? '' 
 we went back into the small kitchenette , where nori poured me some m&m s in a plastic cup and handed me a water bottle . 
 `` perks of the job , '' he said grandly , as i took a fistful of the chocolate and tossed it back . 
 i had meant to have dinner when i met up with sean , before i realized just how unappealing it would be to extend any time spent with him . 
 `` joe ! 
 this is my roommate , ellie , '' nori said , grabbing a tall , lanky boy whom i recognized as their band 's drummer . 
 `` ellie , joe . '' 
 `` why do you guys all have normal names ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` why is nori 's the only weird one ? '' 
 hiccup . 
 `` i see you have n't met sage , '' said joe with a grin . 
 he was bald , with dark skin and large , intelligent eyes that swept quickly over me , and back to nori . 
 he turned out to be a music major , also from yale , who had met nori their junior year in an awful history class . 
 `` my god ! '' 
 joe cried , when nori mentioned it . 
 he made a cross in front of himself with his fingers . 
 `` that class ! 
 do n't speak of it ! '' 
 `` what 's wrong with history ? '' 
 i said defensively . 
 the m&m s and water had helped , and i no longer felt quite so unbalanced . 
 `` ellie was a history major , '' nori told joe . 
 i was pleased that he remembered . 
 `` nothing wrong with history , '' said joe . 
 `` but this professor . 
 he had very ... strange ideas about how students should learn it . '' 
 `` he wanted us all to dress up for the midterm , '' nori explained , turning to me . 
 `` into various science figures from the past half-century . 
 or natural philosophers . '' 
 joe snorted and rolled his eyes . 
 `` joe here did n't , along with about twenty other kids , and they were automatically docked twenty points . '' 
 `` my only c in college , '' joe said sadly . 
 `` who did you dress up as ? '' 
 `` francis bacon , '' said nori . 
 `` i decided to take it literally . 
 luckily , our crazy professor had a sense of humor . '' 
 `` unluckily , '' joe said , stealing some of the m&m s , `` nori 's t.a. was a vegan . '' 
 `` she only took off a few points , '' said nori , shrugging . 
 i laughed with them , wishing that i still had friends from college around me . 
 my closest girlfriends had all moved to separate cities -- boston and los angeles and seattle -- and our skype dates had gotten less and less frequent as time went on . 
 maybe i could convince us all to start a band , and get back together . 
 `` when did you guys start your band ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` which one ? '' 
 said joe . 
 they spent the next half hour regaling me with a long tale of their band 's evolution -lrb- by this time we had moved to one of the tables in the back , next to a punk rock group that looked nervous and out-of-place -rrb- . 
 apparently they had originally been a trio , and then a duo , and then back to a trio again , all before graduation . 
 `` joe and me are the only two original members , '' said nori . 
 `` we met mike in the city -- he 's a yale guy too , graduated a year before us . '' 
 `` and sage is from columbia , '' joe said . 
 `` i was pretty disappointed when nori told me . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i said , laughing as nori brought back a refilled cup of m&m s. `` not good enough for you ? '' 
 `` ruined my idea for a band name . 
 the blue bulldogs . 
 reference to our mascot . '' 
 `` he kept trying to make it a swearing pun , '' nori said . 
 `` i think it worked out for the best . '' 
 `` what 's your band name , then ? '' 
 `` vertical river , '' said nori . 
 `` sounds like a native american name , '' i said . 
 `` at least she did n't say it sounds dirty , like everyone else , '' joe said , sighing . 
 `` we 'd change it , but we already bought signs and all . 
 plus , we 're known as that around the bar scenes . '' 
 `` do you guys play a lot of gigs ? '' 
 `` enough , '' joe said , with a wince that told me it was probably best not to follow up on that . 
 `` we 'd like to do a few more . '' 
 `` the guys are on my case because i set a minimum payment , '' nori said . 
 `` no more free gigs . '' 
 `` but the exposure , '' said joe . 
 `` if we want to make it , we have to start acting like a business , '' nori said , with a smile that had a slight edge , as if they were treading along well-worn arguments . 
 `` if we get signed -- '' `` we get a real manager , huzzah ! '' 
 said joe , winking at me and tapping his water bottle against mine in a faux toast . 
 i grinned . 
 `` your friends are nice , '' i said , when joe leapt up to go talk to one of the other bands , leaving nori and me to finish the last of the candy . 
 `` yeah ? 
 well , you 've only met one . 
 do n't jump to any conclusions . 
 wan na go back on the floor ? '' 
 we spent the rest of the night mingling with the rest of the hipsters and band-groupies , an altogether more pleasant crowd than the consultant-i-bankers i had just left . 
 when i told this to nori , he pointed out half a dozen attendees who worked at a midtown-consulting group . 
 `` just so you know , '' he said , grinning mischievously . 
 by the end of the night , i had grown accustomed to the loud wailing of the various bands , and even managed to dance along with some of them . 
 i met blue-haired mike and columbia guitarist sage , as well as a handful of girls who hung onto nori or whatever musician was closest . 
 one of the girls , a lanky japanese grad student with a silver nose ring , drew me into a long conversation about the virtues of academia , and told me her boyfriend was a history phd up at dartmouth , if i wanted to talk to him . 
 we exchanged email addresses after fumbling for a few seconds with a defunct app that was supposed to automatically transfer our contact info by bumping phones . 
 `` stupid technology , '' she said , swearing . 
 `` you have a pen ? '' 
 around midnight , i went to find nori to tell him i was leaving . 
 joe diverted me to the bar , where he bought me a coke -lrb- after i laughed and insisted i did n't want any more alcohol -rrb- , and cleared a space for us at two of the stools . 
 `` so , '' joe said slyly , taking a sip of his beer . 
 i had groaned when my drink came out -- another mason jar . 
 `` how 're you enjoying the city ? '' 
 i bit my tongue on any number of the complaints i had -- the lack of jobs , friends , prospects , and direction . 
 at least i had had one good night , thanks mostly to the people there . 
 `` oh , i love it , '' i said . 
 `` nobody loves the city , '' joe said , his grin widening . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i 'm still getting adjusted . '' 
 `` nori showing you around ? '' 
 `` hmm ? 
 oh , no , i 've just been exploring a bit on my own . 
 i actually went to central park for the first time the other d -- '' i froze , my tongue catching in my throat . 
 `` ellie ? '' 
 joe said . 
 `` how did he get in here ? '' 
 i had leapt off the bar stool , which was probably a mistake , because the movement had caught his eye . 
 i could barely believe it : there , with most of his drunken friends , was sean , looking more red-faced than ever and teetering his way over to us . 
 `` hey , good-looking , '' he slurred , taking the seat i had just vacated . 
 a loud burp followed . 
 `` i think rocky 's shift ended , '' joe said , standing . 
 `` the bouncer , '' he added , noting my confusion . 
 `` they open it up once the bands are done playing . '' 
 indeed , i noticed that the whole venue had become more crowded , hipsters diluted by suits and cocktail dresses , ages and social types suddenly three times as diverse . 
 `` i 'm heading out , actually , '' i told joe . 
 `` just going to say good-bye to nori . '' 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 sean asked , grabbing onto my sleeve . 
 he followed it with a rude grab and a slurred comment on my figure . 
 i whipped around to him . 
 `` do you seriously not remember me ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i 'm the one who poured beer on you earlier tonight . 
 ellie . '' 
 i said my name long and slow , and sean 's face crumpled in confusion . 
 behind me , i could hear joe laughing . 
 `` go out the back , '' joe instructed me , as we left the bar . 
 `` too many people trying to get in . 
 you 'll just get flattened . '' 
 i looked up and saw it was true . 
 sighing , i followed joe out through the backstage area , and up to a door that said `` emergency exit only -- roof . '' 
 `` wait here ; i 'll grab nori , '' he said , before i could tell him it was alright , and that i 'd just text nori i was going home . 
 nori arrived about ten minutes later , looking a bit out-of-breath . 
 `` i did n't mean to pull you away , '' i said , a bit sheepishly . 
 `` just was going to tell you that i 'm heading out . '' 
 `` i need to get back , too , '' said nori . 
 `` besides , joe did n't point out how to use the roof , did he ? '' 
 `` uh , no . '' 
 `` come on . '' 
 and taking me by the elbow again , he led me up a narrow staircase , past a couple making out , and into the warm night air . 
 i took in a deep breath , enjoying the vast reduction in cigarette smoke as much as the silence . 
 `` not bad , huh ? '' 
 nori said . 
 `` come on . 
 we 've got ta use the fire escape . '' 
 he climbed down with practiced ease , sliding down the bottom half as it extended before scrambling back up . 
 `` i 'll help , '' he said , and spotted me as i maneuvered in my skirt and heels over the side . 
 `` i 'm more athletic in sneakers , '' i said , glad my buzz had long since worn off . 
 nori just smiled at me , big and goofy , and i wondered how much he had had to drink . 
 a few minutes later , i had dropped down into the alleyway , followed shortly after by nori . 
 `` all good ? '' 
 he said , after recovering from a slight fumble that i pretended not to notice , giggling into my hand . 
 `` not too bad , '' i said . 
 `` oh , man . 
 let 's get out of here . '' 
 the loud , drunken voice of sean had just echoed across the empty street , and i thought two encounters were quite enough for one night , thank you very much . 
 `` come on , then , '' said nori . 
 `` let 's go catch his cab . '' 
 and we did , slipping past the ring of boisterous frat boys in business suits and sliding into the first taxi that drove up . 
 a string of curses from sean -- and an empty glass bottle -- flew after us , and it was some time before we could stop laughing long enough to tell the taxi driver our address . 
 chapter 7 -- i land a job -lrb- hoorah ! -rrb- 
 three job interviews later , i had my first offer . 
 `` oh my god ! '' 
 i exclaimed that morning , drinking the burnt coffee that nori had left in the pot . 
 lisbeth , who was starting a short summer course before the fall term began , slung on her backpack and glowered at me . 
 `` i got a job ! '' 
 `` you must be relieved , '' she said , which was practically a congratulations . 
 i phoned my mom as lisbeth left . 
 `` that 's great , honey , '' my mother said . 
 `` are you sure you want to be a journalist ? '' 
 `` that 's not the point , '' i said , frustrated . 
 i had even left out the name of the magazine -- fabulous urban green living -- in the hopes of impressing her . 
 `` the point is i have a paycheck ! 
 and a job . 
 well , the two are connected . '' 
 `` as long as you 're happy , '' my mom said , which was her typical response when i did something she did not agree with , and she wanted me to bear full responsibility for the consequences . 
 but i was determined to make the most of the new opportunity . 
 no more aimless wanderings , worry about rent , or bad dates with ex-rugby types that i met in a coffee shop . 
 i was about to become a card-carrying adult , of the sort that was completely independent and self-sufficient and just a few months away from paying her parents back on a few loans . 
 i almost texted nori to tell him , but we had kept missing each other the past few days , and he had been super busy with some important audition he had gotten the day after the concert . 
 and so i put away my phone , changed , and went down to the corner bakery to buy a celebratory bagel -lrb- the cheapest option they had -rrb- . 
 i felt relieved to be off the interview circuit , which had been brutal even for the couple of non-paid positions i had gone in to interview for . 
 more keenly than ever , i felt my unemployment to be a colossal mistake , as it gave me a faint aura of desperation that seemed to penetrate every professional conversation . 
 the interview for fabulous urban green living had been similarly brutal , though in a different way . 
 it had taken place in the company 's office , a midtown loft where everyone sat on exercise balls instead of desk chairs and had meetings on a pile of cushions in the corner . 
 the girl who interviewed me must have been my age , perhaps a couple of years older , and seemed appalled when i told her i did n't have any writing samples . 
 `` but you must have written something , '' she said , checking the application . 
 i got the feeling that i had been called in by mistake . 
 i barely even remembered applying for the job -- i think i had seen the word `` progressive '' and figured that was close enough to `` nonprofit '' to warrant a go . 
 `` jerry ! 
 i thought you said she was a writer . '' 
 `` she went to cornell , did n't she ? 
 just get her to try something , '' a boy called back . 
 the entire office was within earshot of the interview . 
 `` we 'll give you an assignment , '' the girl finally sighed . 
 `` if it 's workable , we 'll hire you . 
 we need someone on staff , like , right now . '' 
 i agreed to this , but it turned out that their hiring laws were a bit convoluted , and the finance team had been worried about the vagaries of getting me to work on spec as a freelancer before jumping on board full-time . 
 they had a bunch of paperwork they wanted me to get you to fill out , but it 's honestly such a waste of time , the girl wrote . 
 we need someone asap and i assume that you can write . 
 if not , the contract is at-will and you can be fired at any time . 
 so come in monday if you want to get started . 
 and just like that , i had been hired . 
 i finished my celebratory bagel , topped it off with a celebratory coffee , and headed back up to my apartment to research the whole ` green ' thing . 
 claire grunted when she saw me , and i was in such a good mood that i did n't even mind when she told me the utility bill . 
 `` no problem ! '' 
 `` it 's gone up for some reason . 
 since you moved in . '' 
 `` oh , well . '' 
 `` that 's probably not a coincidence . '' 
 `` maybe not . '' 
 or maybe it was the giant air conditioner that claire had had nori haul into her room . 
 but i was too happy to suggest it . 
 `` just let me know what i owe you . '' 
 claire grunted again . 
 chapter 8 -- in which nori suggests we go to a vampire pop-up party that weekend , nori found me in the bathroom as i was brushing my teeth , and asked if i wanted to go to a vampire pop-up party . 
 `` is claire blackmailing you or something ? '' 
 i said , when i had spit . 
 `` what ? 
 of course not . 
 she 'd freak if she knew we were going . '' 
 `` who said i was going ? '' 
 i said , but i was already flattered at the invitation , and with nori , i figured it would n't be so bad . 
 `` you 're not , like , getting into that stuff , are you ? '' 
 `` no , we can go ironically , like proper hipsters , '' nori said . 
 `` i already added my number to the list . 
 we 'll get , like , fifteen minutes notice and have to get to the spot before the doors close . '' 
 `` will it be a club or someone 's house ? '' 
 `` could be anything . '' 
 we joked for a bit about dressing like vampires the entire weekend , in order to be prepared , and nori told me a little about the audition that his band had just finished that afternoon . 
 `` i mean , i ca n't expect much from it , '' he said , in a voice that told me he felt very differently . 
 `` but it 's a big label . 
 a big label . '' 
 `` i thought hipsters could n't sell out to big labels . '' 
 `` depends on the check amount , '' said nori . 
 `` anyway , i 'll let you know when i get the text ? 
 i got ta run to pick up some posters . '' 
 `` yup ! '' 
 i realized , when he was out the door , that i had forgotten to ask if joe or mike or sage would be there . 
 i considered inviting lisbeth , just in case , so i would n't have to be the fifth wheel on the band , but my mind conjured up her sour face and i quickly thought better of it . 
 i dressed in all black the entire weekend , ready to go to the pop-up at a moment 's notice . 
 twice nori texted me a location that turned out only to be a café he was working in , headphones plugged into his laptop as he edited a few of his band 's songs . 
 `` just checking your reaction time , '' he would say , and laugh at my rude gesture that followed . 
 the second time he must have noticed my exasperation , because he kicked out the seat next to him and told me to take a listen . 
 `` just some demo tapes that i 'm working on , '' he said , with a carelessness that i did n't buy . 
 i slipped on his headphones and listened , already feeling a bit awkward about having to fake my enthusiasm while nori looked on . 
 the first track was not so bad . 
 i thought i recognized mike 's warble as the lead , and tried to nod my head along to the shaky beat . 
 `` nice , '' i said . 
 nori shook his head . 
 `` that was a test , el . 
 that one is terrible . '' 
 `` oh ! 
 well , i do n't have an ear for music , '' i said sheepishly . 
 i tried to hand him back the headphones , but he shook his head . 
 `` no , try this one . 
 come on . '' 
 so i listened again , trying to be more objective . 
 and , it actually was pretty good . 
 `` sounds like it could be on the radio , '' i said , but nori hushed me and told me to listen . 
 i heard his voice , strong and smooth , singing lyrics that were actually intelligible and even poetic . 
 i gave him the thumbs up , and he grinned , rubbing the back of his neck . 
 `` it 's really good , '' i said , with unfeigned eagerness . 
 `` is that for the audition ? '' 
 `` no , just something else we send out . 
 to keep our name out there . 
 it 's one in a million that a label ever gets back to you . '' 
 `` so you send out a million tapes , you get a record deal , '' i said with a half smile , replacing the headphones on the small table . 
 nori asked if i wanted anything , and said that the coffee was actually pretty good . 
 `` better than the burnt tar i make every morning . '' 
 `` i like your coffee , '' i lied . 
 at least , it was usually warm and the right color . 
 plus , enough milk and sugar could fix anything . 
 he seemed to want to talk more about the tracks , so we spent the afternoon listening to some of them , nori grilling me on my -lrb- very ignorant -rrb- opinions and making notes about future edits . 
 most of the songs i liked featured nori up front on the vocals , a pattern he soon noticed with what appeared to be a cute mixture of pleasure and embarrassment . 
 `` mike 's a good singer , '' he said , when i pointed this out , `` but he does n't really have a lot of discipline . 
 he does n't like practicing lyrics more than a few times -- says it 's more artistic that way . '' 
 `` i see , '' i said . 
 `` and what do you think ? '' 
 nori hesitated . 
 `` i told him once i thought he was full of crap . 
 it went over about as well as you would expect . '' 
 the problem was , nori told me over the second pair of lattes that he bought us -lrb- calling it a business consulting session , and refusing to let me pay -rrb- , that most artists had a certain idea of how they were supposed to act , an idea perpetuated by the media and by people in the business . 
 the more unstable , the more ridiculous , and the more capricious they were , the more legitimate the artists often seemed -- at least , when it came to the amateurs . 
 those sort , nori explained , would say that they focused only on `` the art itself , '' disdaining business and hard work and practice , partying by night and sleeping by day , and justifying their wasted time by fiddling around with something they had a little talent in during their free and sober periods . 
 i thought it was a harsh estimate of his fellow artists , but it was true that i had noticed nori 's work ethic -- not just in the practice hours he logged , but in the stacks of books piled up in his room , on contract law for artists , on music theory , even on the history of pop culture . 
 he seemed to be business manager , lead singer , head marketer , and everything in between for his band , working harder than most other people our age for what , i could only imagine , were meager wages . 
 after all , he still had to supplement at the tutoring center . 
 `` do you think you 'll make it ? '' 
 i asked him , and nori spun the latte cup in his hand , letting the silence stretch on for some seconds . 
 `` depends on what you mean by that , '' nori said . 
 `` can i do this my whole life ? 
 with this level of success ? 
 definitely not . '' 
 he stopped the spinning cup with one finger and looked up at me , and the intensity in his bright eyes matched the passion in his voice . 
 i found myself wishing that i had something that drove me like that -lrb- though perhaps something a bit higher-paid -rrb- . 
 `` music will always be a part of my life , '' nori said . 
 `` if the band does n't work out '' -- he paused , giving the thought a moment of silence -- `` then i 'll just have to do something else . 
 teach , maybe . 
 keep recording on my own . 
 all i can do is keep working as hard as i can right now . '' 
 `` did you ever consider getting a corporate job ? 
 and doing this on the side ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i did n't want a career . 
 i thought i 'd get sucked in . 
 and if i never gave it a good shot , i 'd always regret it . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` you think it 's foolish , huh ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 i said , and found to my surprise that i really meant it . 
 `` i mean , it 's a risk , yeah , but there 's not really a better time to take it . 
 and anything 's risky , really . 
 i have a friend who dropped out of law school , has six figures of debt , and is currently working it off in a paralegal office . '' 
 `` ouch . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i mean , it 's not her fault -- family stuff , you know ? 
 and she 's going to go back . 
 but nothing 's certain . '' 
 `` i just hate the whole ` following your dream ' thing , '' nori said , and smiled when i laughed and asked what he meant . 
 `` just that , like , everybody says you should follow your dream , and they mean it when you 're in high school and college . 
 and then afterwards , you 're supposed to understand that you are n't really allowed to do it . '' 
 `` you think people are just lying when they say it . '' 
 `` sort of . 
 but also -- i 'm not sure how to explain it properly , but i hate the idea of following your dream . 
 the sound of all of it ; it 's kind of diminishing . 
 like , when i explain what i do , and people 's eyes just glaze over and then they say , ` oh , you 're following your dream ! ' 
 but i 'm not . 
 i 'm just working really hard at something that has pretty crappy prospects , because i feel like i need to . 
 because i 'm afraid of regret . '' 
 `` and because you love it ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` of course ! '' 
 i smiled into my own latte cup , now almost empty . 
 `` that 's pretty much following your dream , nori . '' 
 he rolled his eyes . 
 `` maybe i 'm not explaining it properly . '' 
 i cocked my head . 
 `` no , i think i get it . 
 you do n't want people to think that you 're idealistic . 
 you 're very aware of just how tiny your chances are , but you 're going to give it a try anyway . '' 
 `` yeah , '' nori said . 
 `` and everyone seems to think that if i do n't become uber-famous , i 'm a failure . 
 but i do n't measure it like that . 
 just doing this , day-in and day-out -- as long as i 'm trying , i do n't think i 'm a failure . 
 well , not a complete one . '' 
 `` you 're not , '' i said , and considered and then rejected the idea of patting his arm . 
 i did n't want him to think i was trying to mother him , or to see how much i was relishing the fact that someone else my age still did not have their entire life figured out , like so many others i had met -lrb- including , i thought with a sigh , acid ally and my other high school friends -rrb- . 
 `` i 've talked too much about myself , '' nori said . 
 `` let 's take a walk , and you 're going to tell me all about what you want to do . '' 
 `` really , i do n't have much to say , '' i said , laughing , as nori steered us out into the street and towards a small park . 
 `` i mean , i was in nonprofits , but that was just a temporary thing . 
 or i thought it would be . '' 
 `` what did you want to do in college ? '' 
 `` that 's the thing , '' i said . 
 `` i thought maybe i 'd want to be a professor , but i do n't think that 's right for me . 
 it 's just that , there seems to be so few options ... everyone is tracked into law school or med school or consulting , and then suddenly it feels like everything else in the world does n't exist , or is off-limits . '' 
 nori nodded . 
 we had entered the little park , slowing our pace as we passed a few rose bushes with blue-grey plaques nailed to the stones that ringed them . 
 `` yeah . 
 i mean , no one really talks to you about career stuff until your junior or senior year -- they expect you to sort of figure it out for yourself . 
 and then , when it turns out that no one has figured it out , they just shove you into one of the barrels that they 're used to dealing with . '' 
 `` exactly , '' i said . 
 `` and i thought my barrel was grad school , and academia , but then i got burnt out , and ... '' i shrugged . 
 `` i guess i 'm not a great poster child for nonprofits . '' 
 `` well , it 's a big field , '' said nori . 
 `` maybe you just have n't found your niche yet . '' 
 i considered this . 
 was there another cause that i would be more passionate about , that i would more happily devote my time to than i did at that small , crowded office back in walnut creek ? 
 `` maybe , '' i said , `` but i really want to try something different . 
 i mean , the whole journalism thing is a bit out there for me -- '' `` journalism thing ? '' 
 i smacked my forehead . 
 `` i did n't even tell you ! 
 nori , i got a job ! '' 
 he reacted with enough enthusiasm that i forgot about my mother 's mediocre reaction , and my other roommates ' careless indifference . 
 we high-fived as nori pointed to a low bench in between a couple of pruned hedges , and nori regaled me with another of his large , goofy grins . 
 `` so you 're not packing up for california anytime soon , '' he said . 
 `` not yet , anyway , '' i said , grinning back . 
 i told him about the job -- editorial assistant something or other , and , after hemming and hawing for a bit , finally revealed the name . 
 `` oh , one of those magazines , '' he said . 
 `` kidding ! 
 that 's great . 
 i 'm sure you 'll learn a lot , at the very least . 
 so you think journalism might be your thing ? '' 
 i did n't want to say that i despaired of ever finding a ` thing , ' but instead told him that yeah , i thought the work could be pretty interesting . 
 `` i think -- i mean , i suppose it 's a bit late to do it , but if i could go back to school ... '' `` you mean , like , journalism school ? '' 
 `` well , maybe , '' i said , `` but even getting my phd in history . '' 
 `` i thought you said you did n't want to be a professor ? '' 
 `` i do n't . '' 
 i watched as a woman walked by , pushing a sheltie in a stroller . 
 nori and i looked at each other , waited , and then burst out laughing after she had passed . 
 `` it 's actually not that unusual a sight , '' he said , when he had recovered enough to speak . 
 `` sorry . 
 what about a phd ? '' 
 `` well , i do n't want to become a professor , i think , '' i said . 
 `` i want something a bit more open , where i 'm not tied down to chasing tenure in one location . '' 
 `` a free spirit , '' said nori grandly . 
 `` ugh , sure . 
 but , like , i know there are business jobs you can leverage the phd into . 
 consultant work , for nonprofits or companies . 
 we worked with a few back in walnut creek . 
 they just build up their expertise in one area , and make enough contacts to generate leads . 
 maybe i 'd like that , owning my own business and all . 
 becoming an expert in something . '' 
 `` hmm . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 he shrugged , and i rolled my eyes . 
 `` no , really . 
 what ? '' 
 `` well , '' nori said , looking like he was struggling not to laugh . 
 `` you do realize that those phds-turned-consultants were probably failed academics ? 
 and by that i mean , they were all going for academia , and just could n't find a job ? 
 you can totally do consulting without a phd . '' 
 `` yeah , i know , but -- '' `` and just wondering : how many businesses are looking for expertise in something like , say , medieval europe ? 
 no , ellie , '' he said , taking me by the shoulders as i made to rise . 
 `` i completely believe that you 've thought this through . 
 just help me understand what you 're saying . 
 really , i 'm not trying to insult your idea ! 
 i think it 's cool . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 `` i do , '' he said . 
 `` so you were saying ? '' 
 i struggled with how to put it . 
 i had never really thought the whole thing through myself , except in bits and pieces when i was daydreaming back at the nonprofit -lrb- that seemed to me to be the chief benefit of boring jobs : the incredible motivation to daydream something better -rrb- . 
 `` well , '' i started , `` the whole benefit of the phd would n't be the subject i studied , but the method of approach that i learned . 
 historical analysis , synthesis , all that jazz . 
 and i know that i would n't need a phd to get started , but i 'm not ready to just jump into starting a business , and i figure the time in grad school would help me figure out what exactly i would specialize in , and start making contacts . '' 
 `` nice , '' nori said . 
 `` and what about funding ? '' 
 `` well , i would n't go unless i had some grants , '' i said slowly . 
 `` which means i 'd have to get into a good school . 
 which might be difficult , given my current résumé ... '' i broke off , depressed suddenly at the thought of my new journalism job , which would only add to the scrambled nature of my experiences . 
 all that effort for five more years of university , when i had burned myself out on four ... `` i do n't know , '' i finished with a shrug . 
 `` i 'm still thinking about it . '' 
 `` what about a fellowship ? '' 
 `` i think i 'm a bit old for that . '' 
 `` no , really . 
 like , if you won a fellowship -- an international one , even -- you 'd go abroad for a year or two years or three , and get a master 's . 
 and you would n't be paying for it , and you would n't have to get the entire phd and have idiots like me think you 're a failed academic . 
 and then you could start your consultancy . '' 
 `` maybe , '' i said , appreciative of how earnest he seemed . 
 `` but i 'm not sure i 'd really qualify for any sort of fellowship . '' 
 `` you spent three years helping disadvantaged children , '' nori said . 
 `` stop ! 
 i know you 're going to say that you just worked in the office . 
 but the fact of the matter is , you did do it . 
 you did help . 
 so put that on your application . '' 
 i said something noncommittal , not wanting the visions of oxford and cambridge and paris that suddenly began dancing in my head to get any more out of control . 
 but when i thought nori was n't looking , i quickly made a note in my phone : apply to fancy overseas fellowships . 
 there . 
 what could it hurt ? 
 `` now , '' nori said . 
 `` what ? 
 i 'll do it when i get home -- '' i started , confused . 
 `` no , pop-up party . 
 now ! '' 
 and laughing , he pulled me up and checked the location . 
 i groaned when i saw it . 
 `` did n't you say we have , like , fifteen minutes to get there ? '' 
 `` we should run . '' 
 it started to pour on the way . 
 great , fat gobs of rain that splattered on the grey sidewalk and over my soaked flats . 
 i laughed , peeling back clumps of my hair that stuck to my face , as nori grabbed me by the arm and pulled me forward , dancing around pedestrians and sprinting to make every flashing crosswalk light . 
 if we did n't , he would shout , `` stop ! '' 
 and change direction instantly , hurtling us sideways or north as the street lights and traffic allowed , abandoning all sense of dignity in our daring quest to make the vampire pop-up party . 
 `` how 's your computer ? '' 
 i asked , gasping , as nori slung off his bag under a tree and checked the plastic case that covered the laptop . 
 `` perfect . 
 let 's go . '' 
 we jogged up the set of narrow stairs to the townhouse , which had an impressive pillared entrance complete with a lion 's head knocker that nori now used . 
 a few seconds passed , and a peal of thunder sounded from behind us , giving the whole moment a gothic feel that made me laugh . 
 `` what ? '' 
 nori said , smiling . 
 `` nothing . 
 you do n't like very vampire-ish . '' 
 `` ah ! 
 right . '' 
 he slung off his pack again , and had just tied the cape around his shoulders when the door opened , and a pale , skinny boy peered out . 
 `` waffle fries , '' said nori imperiously , pushing me in first and following close behind . 
 the pale boy had disappeared at the mention of the password . 
 the party was entirely unlike the small , drunken mixer that claire had hosted . 
 i took it in with wonder , glad that i had nori beside me in such a strange place . 
 it really did seem out of a movie , with a long wooden banister and crystal chandelier above us , painted portraits on the walls , and even what seemed to be butlers moving among the guests , carrying trays of champagne glasses filled with red liquid . 
 `` that 's not really ... '' i started , feeling queasy . 
 nori snatched one up and took a sip . 
 `` red wine , '' he said , offering it to me . 
 i shook my head . 
 i wondered what he would have done if it was n't . 
 but gradually the spookiness of it all began to fade , as i noticed the seams in the well-decorated party . 
 for one , many of the other `` vampires '' were soaked and out-of-breath , evidently having received the text from just as inconvenient a location . 
 a lot of them still had on sneakers , or sandals , though they scowled when they caught me looking ; one girl even kicked hers off . 
 i guess barefoot vampires looked slightly more authentic . 
 and , the further towards the music we went , the less the party seemed otherworldly . 
 by the time we reached the speakers , we appeared to be just in a rather boisterous hipster party , full of strangely dressed kids -- which was what i had been expecting from the start . 
 nori and i started dancing , imitating the sort of slow , stilted moves of the faux-vampires , who never broke character quite enough to invade each other 's personal space . 
 only after a few more pass-bys of the butlers -lrb- who looked like guys in their late twenties hired for the job -rrb- , though , did this fashion slacken , and the vampire personas began to slip with the help of ample alcohol . 
 i could n't bring myself to drink any of the red wine , and nori followed my lead , so that we watched , laughing and dancing , as the vampires tried desperately to stay in character . 
 `` your neck ... beautiful ! '' 
 said one boy , to a girl who looked to be a few years older than him . 
 she hissed , and he pulled back , frightened , before she grabbed his hand and led him off to another part of the room to dance . 
 `` okay , '' i said , tears streaming down my face from laughter . 
 nori was doubled over , trying to catch his breath . 
 `` okay ! 
 i think i 've had enough vampire . '' 
 i had to shout it twice into his ear for him to understand , and then he nodded and led us back out the entrance , past the pale gatekeeper -lrb- whose eyes were drooping shut -rrb- , and into the quiet street . 
 the thunder had abated , and now only a faint drizzle fell . 
 nori took off his cape and then offered me his jacket , but i shook my head and told him to shelter his computer . 
 `` not as important , '' he said . 
 `` plastic case and all . '' 
 i thanked him and took it . 
 he suggested we head back south to one of the bars he and his friends often went to . 
 `` so you have your own bar , huh ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` just like in a tv show . '' 
 `` i mean , if anyone thinks we 're worth filming , i 'm down . '' 
 `` what would it be called ? '' 
 `` depends , are you in it ? '' 
 i laughed and shook my head . 
 `` maybe a guest spot . 
 i have to actually go to the bar first . '' 
 `` hmm . '' 
 nori pretended to consider , holding me back from the crosswalk as the light turned red . 
 `` hipsters in love . 
 that 's what all the good shows are about , right ? 
 young friends searching to couple up . '' 
 `` do n't make fun , '' i said . 
 `` nothing wrong with looking for love . '' 
 `` hey , i named my fake tv show after it , did n't i ? '' 
 nori said . 
 we walked slowly , taking another detour through the park . 
 nori said we should grab some dinner before we got to the bar , and i promptly suggested bagels -lrb- aware that i was still about two weeks off from my first paycheck -rrb- . 
 `` i 'll meet you at a table , '' i told nori , when we got inside . 
 `` got ta use the bathroom first . '' 
 i cleaned myself up , untangling some of the worst knots in my hair with my fingers , and wiping the running makeup from around my eyes . 
 for the first time i felt hopeful , really hopeful , that not only would i become a respectable adult , but also find my own place in the city , with jobs and friends and roommates that made me feel like i belonged . 
 when i came back out , nori had already ordered , pointing to the long line that had formed in my absence . 
 he shook his head when i tried to pay him back . 
 `` it was like , three bucks , ellie , '' he said , laughing . 
 `` it 'll be on you next time . '' 
 this easy back-and-forth of small payments was another thing i had to get used to , i thought as i sat down . 
 in college it had been so easy : everyone had scrutinized the bill and argued over who had what extra charge , and then everyone would contribute , to the exact cent -lrb- unless they were frustrated and just rounded up -rrb- , what they owed . 
 but now , you were supposed to swap bills with your adult friends with ease ; splitting checks was a kid thing , and there was some unspoken competition -- played at various levels by different people -- to have the most people owe you the most money . 
 something about respect , perhaps . 
 `` i 'll buy you a beer tonight , '' i said , as i unwrapped my bagel . 
 sesame seed with strawberry cream cheese . 
 `` i saw you eating it once at breakfast , '' nori said , blushing as i thanked him . 
 he unwrapped a honey-wheat bagel with plain cream cheese and dug in . 
 `` so what would be your guest role on my tv show ? '' 
 nori asked , and it took me a second to remember the reference . 
 `` hmm , i do n't know . 
 i guess they always bring guests on as a love interest , huh ? 
 what are my options ? '' 
 `` who , you mean ? '' 
 nori leaned back to consider , a small dot of cream cheese clinging to his lip . 
 when i patted my own to let him know , he blushed and snatched up a napkin , a bit of his swagger deflating . 
 `` yeah , it 's gone , '' i said , laughing . 
 `` well . '' 
 nori cleared his throat . 
 `` i 'm only going to assume this is a show about our band . '' 
 `` naturally . '' 
 `` so there 's me , joe , mike , and sage . '' 
 `` hmm . '' 
 i was still smiling , trying to keep things light , but a warning bell sounded off in my head . 
 this felt too much like flirting . 
 had i started this with the tv show ? 
 had nori ? 
 we had just spent the entire afternoon and evening together , more time than i had spent alone with a guy for a while . 
 but then , i had neatly boxed nori into the ` roommate ' category and not given it another thought , not worried about any potential ... issues ... at all . 
 did he expect something more ? 
 did i ? 
 `` i 'd probably come on as an old ex-girlfriend of joe 's , '' i finally said , `` and stir up a ton of trouble before being kicked out . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 nori said . 
 he still looked relaxed ; maybe it was all in my head . 
 `` funny ; you 're not really joe 's type . 
 he 's into the whole crazy-artist thing . '' 
 `` i could play that , '' i said . 
 `` so , what about you ? 
 are you dating anyone ? '' 
 `` about three months out of a relationship . 
 have n't been looking for anything serious . 
 you ? '' 
 `` six months out , '' i said . 
 `` same . '' 
 we were on easier ground , now , and nori told me of his ex-girlfriend , a law student at columbia . 
 i pictured a dazzling , tall , fierce-looking career girl , with perfectly coifed brown hair and flawless skin . 
 `` i think the whole music thing bothered her from the start , '' nori admitted , `` and when the yale appeal wore off ... '' he shrugged . 
 `` we were different people anyway . 
 i do n't think we should have hung on as long as we did . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , though . '' 
 `` nah , s ' okay . 
 so who was your lucky guy ? '' 
 i hesitated . 
 i had n't told the story in a long while , not since i had called up one of my college friends in seattle and told her , over an hour full of sniffling and bawling , exactly what had happened . 
 but the pain was n't as fresh anymore , and i began to tell nori about my ex , vaguely at first , and then with more of the messy details . 
 we had met a year out of college , at an alumni mixer in san francisco that a visiting friend had dragged me to , warning me that i was going to become a hermit if i did n't make any effort . 
 he was an entrepreneur who worked in silicon valley , three years older than me and fresh out of business school . 
 he talked a lot about series a funding and cofounders and angel investors , and i was impressed to meet someone who was both single and not a twelve-year-old kid who had come in for tutoring help . 
 since he was always busy with his new business , i did n't think much of the long bouts of little communication , the impromptu dates and the last-minute planning that went into them . 
 i did n't mind that most of our conversations were about how his work was going along , or what he needed to do next , or how impossible it was for anyone who was n't an entrepreneur to understand him . 
 `` let me guess , '' nori said . 
 `` he was cheating on you ? '' 
 `` no , not even . '' 
 i took a sip of the water cup that nori had gotten for me . 
 `` so he really was just that self-absorbed ? '' 
 `` i mean , it 's good to be passionate , right ? '' 
 i said , parroting an old excuse he had given me . 
 but our relationship had had its good points , too , and i tried to explain these to nori -- his encouragement of my interest in history , long conversations about travel and our mutual love of science museums , the random flowers he would sometimes send to my office , with cards that just told me he was thinking of me . 
 `` so what happened ? '' 
 nori asked . 
 `` by the way , flowers should n't get a guy off the hook for not caring . 
 it does n't take a lot of effort to call up a florist . '' 
 a half smile tugged at the corner of my mouth . 
 `` no , i suppose not . 
 we just ... well , about six months ago he told me he was moving his company to seattle , and asked if i wanted to come with him . '' 
 `` whoa , '' said nori . 
 i glossed over how long i had thought about it , agonizing over a relationship with a somewhat stable , pretty nice guy , even if he had trouble making time for me and always had excuses about work . 
 i mean , if we moved in together -lrb- as my ex-boyfriend had so bluntly put it -rrb- , we would be forced to spend more time together . 
 no more worrying about dates , or meet-up times , or making the long hike from walnut creek to silicon valley , which was practically a long-distance relationship in itself . 
 i had asked for a few weeks to consider it ; he moved up to seattle , waited two weeks , and then told me it was now or never , with an impatience that already spelled out my choice . 
 `` i told him i was n't ready , and that was that , '' i said . 
 he had even offered to propose -lrb- `` my god , ellie , if you need a ring to do it , i 'll go buy you one '' -rrb- , but i left this part out , considering the nature of it . 
 `` so we broke up . '' 
 `` he sounds like a jerk . '' 
 `` he was n't so bad , actually . 
 i guess when i condense everything down into a few words -- '' `` no , really , '' nori said , finishing off his bagel . 
 the café was packed , now , and we were already getting a few dirty looks from some standing patrons . 
 `` the guy did n't fit you into his life at all . 
 i mean , what sort of choice was that for you ? 
 just go follow him and hope for the best ? 
 where 's the effort ? '' 
 `` he did offer to introduce me to some people who could get me a nonprofit job . 
 alright , alright ! '' 
 i said , laughing , as nori pulled another face . 
 `` i 'm not trying to defend him . 
 i just do n't want to make him out into some sort of archvillain . 
 he was n't that bad , but i 'm glad it 's over . '' 
 `` good , '' nori said gruffly . 
 `` bar ? '' 
 mike and the petite blonde were already there ; joe , we were told , was coming later , and sage could n't make it out . 
 `` heard anything back about the audition ? '' 
 mike asked , not quite meeting nori 's eye . 
 `` nah , not yet . 
 i 'll let you know as soon as i do . '' 
 `` hey , i 'm getting this one , remember ? '' 
 i said , as nori made a move to the bar . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 when i came back , nori 's face was a dark shade of red , and mike was helping the blonde up . 
 `` if you hear anything back , i 'm in , '' mike said , `` but otherwise , sorry , dude . 
 i stayed as long as i could . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i asked , after mike had beaten a hasty retreat , and nori collapsed in the seat he had vacated . 
 he looked with dull , defeated eyes at the beer i had set in front of him . 
 `` mike 's leaving the band . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 my first thought was that the whole group would be better off without his warble , but i did n't dare say it , not with nori looking shocked and betrayed before me . 
 joe sidled in soon after , and took the news about as well . 
 i figured they would probably want some time alone , and with a quick squeeze of nori 's shoulder , slipped out and back to our apartment . 
 chapter 9 -- in which i apply to fellowships i spent my last responsibility-free day looking up fellowships , working in the apartment just in case i crossed paths with nori . 
 i had heard him come back late and collapse into his bed , but when i had woken up in the morning , he was gone . 
 steeling my nerves , i emailed everyone who i thought might be able to give me a recommendation , from old coworkers to professors i had n't spoken to in years , updating them briefly on what i had been doing since graduation . 
 then i clicked out of my email and researched fellowships , creating a spreadsheet that was soothingly color-coded and made me feel much more accomplished than , in fact , i was . 
 by mid-afternoon i had a half-dozen scholarships picked out , and three emails back , agreeing to write a recommendation -lrb- and one that required clarification on who i was , which i promptly deleted -rrb- . 
 i considered texting nori , decided to wait a little longer , and filled in my spreadsheet with all of the requirements of the selected scholarships . 
 i highlighted their deadlines , some of which were alarmingly close , and finally picked up my phone to see that i had missed a call from my mom . 
 by the time we finished talking , nori had whisked by me and straight back into his room , shutting the door behind him . 
 i figured he probably wanted to be left alone , but texted him about five o’clock anyway , saying that i hoped things were going okay with the band . 
 nori knocked on my door a few minutes later . 
 `` just heading out , '' he said , as he popped his head in . 
 `` yeah , they 're not really . 
 going okay , i mean . 
 but thanks . '' 
 he tried to smile , but it came out more like a grimace . 
 `` good luck on your first day tomorrow . '' 
 `` thanks ! '' 
 i said brightly , trying to make up for his depressed mood by overcompensating . 
 the grimace-smile flashed again , and my door closed . 
 must be tough , i mused , working all the time with no guarantee of success , and really no fallback . 
 i wondered what nori would do with the broken band , unless by some miracle the label called him up and wanted to work with them after all . 
 but now that mike had quit , would the others really ever want to go back to working with him ? 
 i was also selfishly glad that nori had suddenly grown so busy , though i wished it had been under different circumstances . 
 because , over the weekend , i had noticed a rather disturbing trend : butterflies would appear in my stomach whenever i now talked to him . 
 it was ridiculous , especially since they had n't been there at the start : nori was cute , and friendly , but he was barely three inches taller than me , a year younger , and the complete opposite of what i would describe as my ` type . ' 
 i just needed a little time , i told myself , to meet some other people and let the crush pass . 
 it happened sometimes , with friends of the opposite sex . 
 time and a new crush would heal all things , and avoid the very awkward roommate fallout that would inevitably occur , should my budding feelings become known . 
 that evening , when i heard nori come in , i remained in my room writing personal statements , and pretended to be asleep when he knocked at my door at eleven that night . 
 chapter 10 -- colossal first-day screw-ups i arrived at work at 9:00 a.m. the next day , to sign my non-compete and at-will contract and certify something about indemnities and liabilities -- basically how if i ever got sued , i held myself fully liable and the company would not pay , and yadda yadda yadda . 
 `` i 'll just take this home and get a lawyer to look at it , '' i said , because legal language was scary and my uncle was a corporate attorney . 
 my boss , the girl from my interview who was called `` pharrah with a p-h '' -lrb- i blushed , remembering how i had spelled it with an ` f ' in my thank-you note -rrb- , scowled and said grudgingly that this would be alright , but that they could n't give me any paychecks until i signed . 
 `` company policy , '' she added , and took me on a tour of the loft office . 
 besides the pile of cushions -lrb- `` the meeting room '' -rrb- , the long tables surrounded by bouncy-ball chairs -lrb- `` the desks '' -rrb- , and a sink in the back with a few scattered granola bars -lrb- `` the kitchen '' -rrb- , there was n't much to see . 
 i was told that the company had a coffee machine , but that i would have to bring my own pods , a prospect impossible enough that i did n't even bother asking where , in the sparsely furnished place , the thing could be hiding . 
 `` we do n't really have time to babysit , '' pharrah said , after we had finished the sparse loop . 
 `` bathroom is on the first floor . 
 we 're all in the office 8:30 to 6:00 , unless we 're out on assignment . 
 but it 's not about face time , '' she said as an afterthought . 
 `` just ... show your face . 
 during those hours . 
 got it ? '' 
 `` 8:30 to 6:00 , '' i repeated . 
 `` right . '' 
 `` did you bring your laptop ? '' 
 i had , in fact , guessing that any magazine that had the word green in it , and that had also stationed itself in an expensive midtown loft , probably did not have the means or desire to purchase computers for new employees . 
 pharrah sighed when she saw the brand and instructed a gruff-looking guy on one of the larger bouncy balls to get me set up on the company server . 
 `` can i close the tab ` cute puppies ' ? '' 
 he asked , without a trace of humor . 
 some of the nearby employees tittered , and i blushed and quickly closed it for him . 
 after my orientation , which i 'm pretty sure ended when my new coworker got bored , rather than when he had gotten me up-to-date , i got an email asking me to attend an ` editorial meeting . ' 
 at that precise moment , three other girls stood up and walked over to the cushion seats , and i scrambled to follow . 
 `` we need someone to cover this event launch , '' pharrah said , holding a coffee cup that had mysteriously materialized . 
 i found myself wishing i was the kind of person that owned my own coffee pods , and carried them around for just such cheap-office emergencies . 
 `` new fair trade company . 
 kate , can you make it ? '' 
 `` the email said three ? '' 
 a girl with a long black braid said , pushing her glasses up on her nose . 
 `` ca n't . 
 i 'm covering the court case about the pollution levels in tap water . '' 
 `` did that actually go to court ? '' 
 said another girl , a chubby blonde with thin , penciled-on eyebrows . 
 `` well , almost , '' said kate . 
 `` but i have an interview with one of the case lawyers at 3:30 . '' 
 `` get the new girl to go , '' said the chubby blonde . 
 it was nice of her , i thought , except that the way she had said it , complete with the particular emphasis on `` new girl , '' made me think i might have been mistaken . 
 `` she 's not busy . '' 
 `` god , i hope you do n't screw this up , '' pharrah said , by way of indicating that i had the assignment . 
 the rest of the meeting whizzed by -- apparently we were the `` environmental and worker safety team , '' and then pharrah sent me an email afterwards with the address of the event launch , and a few articles that she must have hastily googled about how to be a reporter when you have absolutely no experience . 
 `` what to do if you panic on your first assignment , '' read one of the titles . 
 i silently thanked her for her vote of confidence . 
 most of the day i spent fiddling around on the new email server , perusing the company website and articles when i had a chance . 
 the company bios were amusing to read , until the boy next to me caught me grinning -lrb- at a line about how one of the writers had started a ` green living handbag ' line made entirely of recycled lawn compost -rrb- , and i was forced to turn to more serious work . 
 twice i emailed pharrah asking what else i could do , and received a short reply a few hours later saying that i should stay on top of my work and out of everyone 's way . 
 the other writers occasionally chatted with the easy familiarity of old colleagues , though none really bothered to include me . 
 it 's fine , i told myself . 
 i have to make an effort myself . 
 try and put myself out there . 
 everyone was in and out , busy with assignments and articles and news coverage . 
 once kate asked if i wanted to go grab a coffee with her , after she noticed me fiddling yet again with my desktop background , and i jumped up in quick acceptance . 
 `` do n't mind the people , '' she told me , as we went around to a corner shop and joined the long line of other working adults . 
 i tried to feel cheered by my glum-faced company . 
 `` nobody here is really friendly at first . 
 there 's just a lot of churn , not a lot of motivation to get to know people . '' 
 `` how long have you been here ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 `` five months , and i 'm one of the vets . '' 
 i was n't sure whether to be heartened by this or discouraged . 
 kate told me that the record was one girl who had lasted for two hours before quitting . 
 `` to be fair , walter went off on her for her choice in chocolate , '' kate said . 
 `` what was wrong with her choice in chocolate ? '' 
 jeez , i thought , another thing to worry about ! 
 `` it was n't fair trade , and when he pointed this out , the girl laughed and asked him what that was . 
 i swear , you could have heard a pin drop . 
 hey , speaking of fair trade ... '' she looked down at her watch , and my stomach dropped . 
 a nearby clock told me it was 2:45 -- but how ? 
 i had n't even taken lunch ! 
 then i remembered how the night before , i had fiddled with my computer clock , picturing myself in paris or london or rome , and finally just spinning the numbers and looking up the places that were in that time zone . 
 stupid , stupid ! 
 a simple check of my phone told me that kate was right , and i was about to be late for my very first assignment . 
 `` take a cab , '' kate advised , and i ducked out of the coffee shop . 
 i flagged down a cab , wincing as the numbers went higher and higher on the meter , thinking of my poor bank account that had to suffer through so much of my stupidity . 
 i got a text from nori -- how 's the first day ? 
 -- that i did n't have time to respond to , busy as i was looking up everything i could find on the fair trade company . 
 i did n't even have anything on which to take notes . 
 i had pictured something small , a little restaurant gathering perhaps , or maybe a few people huddled around a vegan cookie . 
 instead , the cab dumped me out on a busy corner , where the bustling , swanky restaurant had a sign outside that said `` fair trade espresso launch -- upstairs . 
 pass required . '' 
 `` um , i 'm the press , '' i said , to the thin , tattooed hostess . 
 `` the press ? '' 
 she said , arching an eyebrow . 
 i finally proved to her that i was with fabulous urban green living by showing her my new email address , as well as the very unexcited message from pharrah telling me to cover the event . 
 still looking suspicious , the hostess gave me directions up , calling after me that no pictures were allowed . 
 i emerged onto the roof of the restaurant , into what appeared to be a magical garden tea party . 
 there were hedges shaped into giant , whimsical characters , ivy hanging from white trellises , long green tablecloths covered in fresh flowers . 
 a waiter offered me a `` reverse salad , '' which turned out to be a small plate of vegetables with precisely one spinach leaf on top . 
 i picked at it nervously as i circled , wondering whom i was supposed to talk to . 
 i had hoped it would be more of a `` speech '' type of event , where i would just have to take notes and write down a few quotes before circling back out . 
 i wasted the first few minutes by making notes in my phone about the decor and people , typing out a few names that i spotted on lacquered nametags , to google later in case they turned out to be important . 
 i saw another reporter , about ten years older and fifty times more experienced , chatting up one such guy in a nametag , with the word `` founder '' in block text beneath his name . 
 `` crap , '' i whispered to myself , setting down my reverse salad and hovering awkwardly behind them , wondering if it was ethical to use a quote that you happened to overhear . 
 but before i could catch the founder 's attention , someone started speaking into the microphone , asking for everyone 's attention . 
 the founder shook hands with the reporter and slipped away , and a long set of toasts ensued -- everyone from the investors to the suppliers to the un-labeled girls in pink heels went up to talk , praising the founder and the fair trade espresso team for finally making the dreams of the world come true -lrb- that was a direct quote -- i wrote it down -rrb- . 
 i checked my email during one particularly long speech , to find a message from pharrah asking me what was taking so long , and if i had gotten my quotes yet . 
 `` crap , '' i whispered again , sure that she would be displeased if i turned back up with only a few notes from the speeches . 
 i searched for the founder , who was talking next to a fountain with a stone baby dolphin inside that spouted water from its short , smooth back . 
 `` excuse me , '' i whispered , to the fancy people in fancy dresses that i passed . 
 `` pardon -- thanks . 
 sorry ! '' 
 the founder was surrounded by a group of men and women in business suits , all fawning over a large display of the fair trade espresso pods . 
 `` and the packaging ? '' 
 asked one man , in large wire glasses , leaning so close to the pods that i thought he meant to sniff them . 
 `` recycled material , '' said the founder . 
 `` locally recycled , too . 
 i think that 's typically overlooked , to our detriment . '' 
 collective nods . 
 recycling -- our detriment , i typed into my phone , before i realized what i had done and deleted it . 
 i briefly wondered if there was someone easier to corner , but i was running out of time , and the founder was so close ... `` excuse me , '' i said , when i had worked up the courage , inserting myself into the first pause i could . 
 `` ellie carter , with fabulous green living . 
 i just wanted to ask , how does it feel to -- '' but i did not get to ask my softball question , so set up that i could get the easiest sound byte possible , for just then i set my purse down to adjust my hold on the phone , placing it on what i thought was a white side table ... `` no ! '' 
 cried the man with wire glasses in horror , but it was too late . 
 the white side table turned out not to be a side table , but the far end of the display -- covering , i later found out , the big reveal of the night . 
 my purse slid off immediately , taking the white tablecloth with it , and before anyone else could react a short woman had bounded forward , tossing herself on the exposed display as if saving us all from a grenade . 
 `` look away ! '' 
 she cried desperately . 
 the founder moved forward to help ; a waiter was jostled in the process , and tipped over the fair-trade iced coffees that shattered into a smashed pile of glass and soymilk and stevia that other guests proceeded to slip and trip on , grabbing hedges and fistfuls of ivy to remain standing . 
 i backed away slowly , my eyes already searching for the exit , as the display of fair trade espresso pods toppled over in the ruckus , spilling valuable little recycled packets all over the glass-laden floor . 
 `` our original batch ! '' 
 the founder cried in dismay . 
 `` sorry ! '' 
 i shouted , to no one in particular . 
 i moved forward to help , and was promptly rebuffed by the event staff . 
 embarrassed , i hovered for a few awkward seconds before i ran from the restaurant , past the tattooed hostess who narrowed her eyes at me as i sprinted out . 
 i walked the rest of the way to work , cursing myself for identifying my name and magazine , and just hoping i had slurred it enough in my anxiety so as not to be heard . 
 chapter 11 -- in which i meet the cute consultant i arrived home that night exhausted , my head pounding from lack of food and water , as well as the stress of worrying the rest of the afternoon that pharrah-with-a-p-h would come over to my bouncy-ball chair and tell me to pack my things . 
 i typed and re-typed my short little write-up , turned it in with a sense of terrible dread , and received a curt note to cut 250 words . 
 `` how was it ? '' 
 nori asked , in the kitchen drinking iced tea . 
 he offered to pour me a glass , but i only shook my head and walked past into my own room , where i promptly collapsed on my bed . 
 `` that bad ? '' 
 nori followed , leaning against the threshold . 
 `` do n't worry ; hippies have short memories . '' 
 `` i do n't want to talk about it , '' i said . 
 though pharrah had not mentioned the incident to me , i had received a chat from the chubby blonde , who apparently had had a few friends at the opening . 
 `` ... said a reporter caused the whole display to fall down , '' she typed , and i looked up to see the small smirk across her face . 
 at least now i knew why the office often went quiet : everyone preferred chatting into their computers to talking out loud . 
 `` was that you ? '' 
 i decided it would be best to not respond , and let my little profile go idle . 
 nori left an iced tea on the table for me anyway , and after i showered i went and sat down , drinking the now-lukewarm liquid mechanically . 
 `` it 's green tea , '' nori said . 
 `` you know , to celebrate your first day . 
 get it ? 
 green . '' 
 he laughed a bit into his cup when i did n't respond . 
 `` that 's really nice , thanks , '' i said , sighing . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i 've had a really rotten day . '' 
 `` but you do n't want to talk about it ? '' 
 `` i 'd rather hear about yours . '' 
 nori shrugged . 
 he was wearing a loose t-shirt and a pair of athletic shorts , his version of pajamas . 
 `` we got a response from the label . '' 
 `` nice ! 
 and ? '' 
 i tried to muster up some enthusiasm that i did n't feel . 
 `` we did n't get it . '' 
 `` oh , nori , i 'm really sorry . 
 this was the big one you were talking about ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` well , screw them . 
 and you would n't want to work with mike again , anyway . '' 
 i felt my eyelids drooping , the exhaustion from the day sinking into me . 
 `` i guess so . 
 just working on the audition tapes now . 
 with songs that do n't feature mike . '' 
 he started talking about a few tracks , and i listened with a sleepy yawn , fighting to pay attention . 
 `` so you 're mailing those off ? '' 
 `` did . 
 mailed a few off . 
 but who knows how long it 'll take to hear back . '' 
 `` something will happen , '' i said . 
 `` hey -- i 'm going to crash . 
 thanks for the tea . '' 
 `` no problem . 
 did you at least like the people ? '' 
 i gave him a thumbs-up and dragged myself to my room , where i promptly fell asleep . 
 `` why did n't you write about the display ? '' 
 i walked in to work early the next day clutching my laptop to my chest , hoping to covertly search the kitchen for more snacks before everyone else got in . 
 but half the staff was already there , including pharrah , who scowled at me over her laptop and repeated the question . 
 `` the display ... ? '' 
 i said faintly . 
 she impatiently motioned me over to her computer . 
 `` there , and there , and there , '' she said , jabbing her finger towards her screen as she clicked through the various tabs . 
 one other magazine and two blogs had written about the launch , and each had a headline about the expensive display of fair trade espresso pods that had fallen . 
 one even had a picture of the queasy-looking founder bending on his knees to pick them up . 
 and here i had thought there were no pictures allowed . 
 i almost said that it had happened after i left , but the effort was too much . 
 at least , i thought , i made it past the two-hour mark before being fired . 
 `` i caused it , '' i said weakly , and a few heads swiveled up . 
 `` what do you mean , you caused it ? '' 
 i explained , as briefly as i could , about the purse and the tablecloth and the crumpling display . 
 pharrah rolled her eyes . 
 `` well , at least write about it ! '' 
 she snapped . 
 `` do n't deliver me some puff piece on the company , and make us look like complete idiots for covering the event and not noticing the one thing everyone else is talking about . '' 
 `` sorry , '' i said , my face beet-red . 
 i decided i really , really hated loft offices . 
 even more than i hated those stupid bouncy-ball chairs . 
 i could feel everybody else listening in , and even saw the guy closest to me click through to some of the articles about the fallen display . 
 i spent the morning browsing the site again , until i got up the courage to remind pharrah i still did n't have any work , and was promptly told i would be taking over as the pinterest lead for the magazine -lrb- the person who previously handled it had quit a few weeks ago , and the account had been languishing -rrb- . 
 i spent another few hours looking at pictures of green living and trying to figure out any sort of `` strategy '' that the magazine had been using , and finally just began organizing pins and wishing the minutes would crawl by a bit faster . 
 at about noon , the publisher of the magazine , a rail-thin man in his early thirties , walked in to consult with pharrah and some of the other lead editors in the cushion corner . 
 a few minutes in , the man excused himself to take a call . 
 `` hello , ron ! '' 
 he boomed , in the far corner of the room . 
 `` oh , yes , i can talk . 
 you did , did you ? 
 yes , i -- '' he cleared his throat . 
 `` mmmhmm . 
 right . 
 well , you see ... oh ! 
 i 'm glad to hear it . 
 yes , of course we would never . 
 not our style . '' 
 a big grin began to spread across his face , and some of the other editors still squatting on the cushions fell silent and watched him . 
 `` of course ! 
 yes , i 'll let our people know . 
 thanks , ron . 
 and if we could -- '' he paused again , cleared his throat , and in a voice that distinctly told me the other man had already hung up , said , `` yes , great talking to you as well . 
 see you tonight , then . 
 `` well ! '' 
 he announced , striding back over to the cushions . 
 `` pharrah , who covered the fair trade espresso launch yesterday ? '' 
 frowning , pharrah pointed to me . 
 i was n't sure if i should stand ; eventually i rose , my bouncy-ball chair rolling away from me , and shook hands with the publisher , introducing myself . 
 `` walter , a pleasure , '' he said . 
 `` already making a mark , i see ! '' 
 `` uh -- '' `` i already talked to her about it , '' pharrah cut in , her eyes slicing towards me . 
 `` i told her not to leave out the important details . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 said the publisher . 
 `` that was ron , the founder of fair trade espresso . 
 he saw that we were the only magazine not to focus our article on some little display snafu . 
 actually gave his company some decent coverage and talked about the product . '' 
 he beamed at me . 
 `` ron invited us to one of their launch parties tonight , in soho . '' 
 `` oh ! '' 
 said pharrah , coloring . 
 `` i mean , that 's -- '' `` all senior management should probably go , '' the publisher mused , as some of the writers at the main table looked longingly over at him . 
 `` and you , of course . 
 ellie , did you say it was ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i said , stunned . 
 `` um , thanks . '' 
 i collected my wandering bouncy-ball chair and returned to my seat , feeling alternately flattered , embarrassed , and like a complete fraud . 
 had the founder not noticed , or remembered , that it was i who had caused the whole thing ? 
 `` oh , you have to go , '' kate said , when we dipped out for lunch . 
 i had brought mine , but accompanied her to a small café where she bought a premade edamame and carrot salad . 
 `` seriously . 
 there are like , no benefits to this job . 
 take what you can get . '' 
 `` are you going ? '' 
 `` i 'm not senior management . 
 and the kale and apple smoothie , please , '' she said as she paid . 
 the young cashier called her order back and took the cash , flashing her a smile that kate either ignored or did not see . 
 `` but you need to . '' 
 `` just come , '' i said . 
 `` what does it matter ? 
 it 's not like there will be passes , or anything . '' 
 `` there might be , '' kate said . 
 but after a bit more needling , she agreed to at least show up . 
 `` we 'll check it out after work , and i 'll just head out if it 's exclusive . 
 my apartment is around there anyway . '' 
 after we got back , i found a barrage of emails from pharrah , dumping as many new responsibilities on me as she could . 
 we 're really slammed , she wrote , so we need you to start pulling your weight around here . 
 i suppose the fact that she had been invited to tonight 's party did not improve her opinion of me . 
 i spent the afternoon copyediting articles , taking over the customer service of the magazine 's subscribers -lrb- `` i 'm fond of the color red , do you have a magazine for that ? '' 
 `` there 's no way that urban cities could actually be green -- frauds . '' -rrb- . 
 i `` bid '' on two assignments that were emailed out and got one of them , an opinion piece about the efficacy of car-sharing services in the city , due the next day . 
 `` and when you have time , '' pharrah said , probably because i did not yet look like i was drowning under all of the new work , `` i want to show you the subscriber lists , and we can start getting you to call some of the readers and ask them to renew . '' 
 `` great ! '' 
 i said brightly . 
 great . 
 a quarter past six , kate started to pack up , and i followed suit . 
 pharrah reluctantly gave me the address of the party when i asked for it , but i did n't dare ask if kate could come along , for fear she would say no right there . 
 we climbed down the stairs and out into the warm evening , where kate twisted her long braid over one shoulder and stretched her arms . 
 `` okay ; let 's meet at bowery and 1st , '' she said . 
 `` that 's close by my place . '' 
 `` you do n't want to go straight to ? '' 
 `` it starts at six . 
 besides , we have to get ready . '' 
 her eyes wandered over my black skirt and ruffled top . 
 `` wear something less business-y . '' 
 `` right , '' i said . 
 `` like ... a cocktail dress ? '' 
 `` heels and something cute , '' said kate , flashing me a grin as we moved into the subway . 
 `` it 's sort of networking , but it 's mostly fun . 
 do n't take yourself too seriously . '' 
 `` right , '' i said again . 
 an hour and a half later , i met kate at the corner of bowery and 1st , wearing black heels and a blue-and-gold sleeveless dress . 
 `` like your earrings , '' she said , pointing to the dangling gold disks on either side . 
 i returned the compliment , impressed at how kate had so quickly transformed herself from daytime reporter to evening partygoer . 
 her braid was coiled up into a high bun , and she wore a short , grecian-style dress with beige wedges . 
 off we went towards the party , kate relating office gossip to me with easy indifference . 
 `` oh , and you have to meet some of the tech guys on the third floor , '' she said . 
 `` better yet , ask danielle about them . '' 
 `` danielle ? '' 
 `` the blonde girl . '' 
 `` oh , right . 
 why should i ask danielle ? '' 
 kate answered with a wicked smile as we joined the line of people waiting outside a dark bar with silver letters glowing in the window . 
 it turned out that both our names were on the list -- walter must have just added the entire company . 
 looking pleased , kate followed me inside . 
 `` my god ! '' 
 kate exclaimed , over the loud chatter of voices . 
 `` everybody 's here ! '' 
 she started rattling off names that , while they had no meaning to me , were big in the green publishing and/or green business world . 
 i nodded , trying to remember some of them , and asked kate if we should try to go talk with some . 
 `` open bar first ! '' 
 she said , and dragged me towards the back . 
 but after we ordered drinks , kate saw one of her friends from her last company , and told me to `` wait here -- i 'll be right back . '' 
 soon the bar became crowded , and i slipped away from the counter to give some others room to order . 
 now lost in a sea of unfamiliar faces , i sipped my drink and spun slowly , trying to find anyone from the magazine to talk to . 
 even pharrah would have been a welcome sight . 
 `` hey , you were at the launch party ! '' 
 a voice said behind me . 
 i jumped and turned around . 
 a boy who looked to be in his late twenties stood before me in a business suit , more formal than many of the other guests there . 
 he was tall , with light-brown hair and a practiced , easy smile . 
 i glanced over at the two guys he was standing next to , both similarly dressed . 
 `` you were at the launch party ? '' 
 i asked him , as he leaned over to hear my question . 
 `` the one you were at ! '' 
 he replied , his grin widening a bit . 
 ugh . 
 so he must have seen ... `` with the display case , '' he said , and laughed when i sighed . 
 `` i 'm surprised ron invited you ! '' 
 `` do you work for him ? '' 
 he made a face . 
 it turned out that he and the two other suits worked for an environmental consulting firm that did some pro bono work for startups , `` you know , in case any of them hit it big , '' the chubbier of his two companions said . 
 the other nudged him and pointed to a glamorous blonde who looked vaguely familiar , and the two watched her hungrily as they sipped at their drinks . 
 `` i 'm jake , '' the consultant said . 
 `` and when these guys pick their jaws up off the floor , i 'll introduce them . '' 
 i laughed , though his coworkers did n't hear him over the chatter of conversations . 
 `` ellie , '' i said , taking his hand . 
 `` so do you always make a splash at a party , ellie ? '' 
 he asked me . 
 `` just the important ones , '' i said , and he grinned and offered to refill our drinks . 
 not wanting to get lost in the sea of people yet again , i told him i was still working on mine . 
 we chatted for a bit about work , and i told him that i was a new reporter for fabulous urban green living , still getting my feet wet . 
 `` oh , fugly , '' he said . 
 `` pardon ? '' 
 `` fugly . 
 it 's the nickname for the magazine . 
 no , really ! 
 i did n't make it up , '' he said , and laughed . 
 `` i think your coworkers started it . 
 just a shorthand . 
 think about the first letters . '' 
 regardless , i resolved to run that one by kate before picking it up . 
 `` come on , you should meet some people , '' jake said , putting one hand on my back and steering me through the crowd . 
 `` reporters need contacts . 
 you said you 're new to the city ? '' 
 `` yup . 
 from walnut creek . 
 what about you ? '' 
 `` born and bred , '' jake said , `` though i went to college out in california . 
 not too bad . 
 but not enough seasons . '' 
 `` you stop missing them , '' i said . 
 my family had moved from illinois out to walnut creek when i was ten , and for three years straight i had cried about the lack of snow on christmas . 
 my mother blamed hormones . 
 and for a few great hours , i circled around the party talking to the various guests -lrb- including the glamorous blonde , who turned out to be on a daytime soap opera -rrb- . 
 really , i thought to myself , i deserve a certificate in networking after this . 
 there i was , like a real adult , talking to important people at an important party and not making a complete fool of myself . 
 it seemed that jake was the only one who had connected me to the fallen display case , or else was the only one rude enough to bring it up . 
 jake himself slipped away often , but i hardly minded . 
 i meant to go find kate , but i got lost in conversation with a young associate lawyer around my age , and then a girl who had started her own gluten-free baking company . 
 the three of us chatted about the city and the party , and the other two took it upon themselves to dole out advice on the men there . 
 `` find people at parties like this , '' the associate lawyer said , tossing back her hair . 
 `` at least people here care about something besides work . 
 i spend all day with attorneys and i think most of them do n't even know how to say ` social life . '' ' 
 `` no , not here ! '' 
 said the girl who owned the gluten-free baking company . 
 `` you 're not going to find many straight guys , and the ones that you do will probably be just as broke as you are . '' 
 she had spent the last half hour describing the troubles of starting a retail business , and heralding us with a list of her current loans and the timetables she had to pay them off . 
 we were deep in conversation about entrepreneurship -- the lawyer wanted to open her own firm , once she `` paid her monumental and infinite dues '' -- and i wanted advice from the baker about self-employment . 
 `` do n't . 
 get . 
 in . 
 debt , '' she told me , taking me by the shoulders . 
 i laughed , and saw jake pop up behind her . 
 `` hey , there , '' he said to me , as the girl dropped her hands and turned to look . 
 she and the lawyer exchanged a glance , and then they raised their eyebrows at me . 
 blushing , i introduced jake to `` tina the lawyer and vanessa the entrepreneur . '' 
 `` jake the consultant , '' he said , shaking their hands . 
 `` i see you 've met ellie the reporter . '' 
 `` a consultant ? '' 
 said vanessa , twisting the straw in her drink . 
 `` what sort of stuff ? '' 
 her eyes grew bright as he described the company , and she immediately began peppering him with questions about her own business . 
 `` ellie ! '' 
 i heard behind me , and turned to see kate , her bun now slightly loose . 
 a boy trailed behind her , but with some expert maneuvering she left him outside of our circle , wedging herself between jake and me . 
 `` i lost you . '' 
 after introductions , i asked kate if it was true that people called our magazine `` fugly . '' 
 `` oh , that , '' she said , waving her hand . 
 `` yeah . 
 the only person who 's bothered by it is pharrah , so do n't say it in front of her . 
 but , like , everybody else does . 
 sorry , you have a light ? '' 
 i did n't , but tina did , and the two decided to go outside for a smoke . 
 i warned kate i 'd probably head out soon , and she gave me a hug and told me she was glad someone halfway decent finally worked at the magazine . 
 `` thanks , i guess , '' i said , smiling . 
 i waved to vanessa and jake and headed for the door , glad i had already thought to exchange numbers with the other girls . 
 could n't hurt to start building contacts . 
 you know , like an adult . 
 `` hey , wait ! '' 
 i heard , as i exited the club and out onto the dark street . 
 i had already had a minor heart attack when i checked my phone , and saw it was past midnight . 
 jake dashed out behind me , intercepting me at the curb . 
 `` so you 're a reporter , '' he said , when he caught his breath . 
 `` presumably . '' 
 he hailed a cab for me , and opened the door . 
 `` i have a tip for you . '' 
 `` oh yeah ? '' 
 he scrawled something on the back of a napkin , ignoring the impatient sighs of the cab driver in the front seat . 
 `` there , '' he said , handing it to me as i climbed in . 
 `` anonymous , though , okay ? 
 i do n't actually know if it 's anything . '' 
 and with a wink , he shut the door . 
 curious , i opened the napkin , half-expecting to see something like his name and number scribbled across it . 
 i felt a bit silly when i saw that it was exactly what he had said -- a tip , and a bit cryptic , at that . 
 it was the name of a company , along with the direction to `` call evelyn , '' followed by her number . 
 i looked the company up on the way back , and saw that it used locally-sourced vegetables for a soup line . 
 boosted by the high of the night , i arrived back at my apartment feeling like a cross between carrie bradshaw and sherlock holmes , pleased that my terrible mistake of the day before had suddenly , wonderfully , led me to this . 
 i was humming to myself when i entered the apartment , and waved cheerfully to nori as i moved back towards my room . 
 `` did you just get back from work ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yup ! 
 well , a work party . '' 
 `` wow . '' 
 i tried not to look too pleased as i dumped my bag onto my bed and grabbed my shower caddy . 
 `` i take it that it went well ? '' 
 `` i managed to schmooze , '' i said . 
 `` pretty exciting for me . '' 
 `` quite the turn around . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` oh , yesterday you just looked like you hated the whole job . 
 and now it seems to be going well , which is great . '' 
 he seemed a bit more subdued than usual , but it was already pushing one o’clock in the morning , and i did n't want to be late to work the next day . 
 `` yeah , i think i 'm starting to get the hang of it , '' i told him , making a note to come home earlier tomorrow , and ask him how the demo tapes were going . 
 if poorly , maybe we could go out for a beer . 
 or bagels . 
 bagels were cheap . 
 chapter 12 -- learning to impress my boss except , after tuesday night , i did n't see nori again for a few more days . 
 i asked claire about it ; she thought he might be traveling . 
 `` hey , did you go to a vampire pop-up ? '' 
 she asked me , as i left for work that morning . 
 `` hmm ? 
 what ? 
 why ? '' 
 she rolled her eyes , and i took the opportunity to dash out . 
 over the course of the next two weeks , i went through more highs and lows than i would have thought possible . 
 at times i loved my job ; at other times i hated it with every fiber of my being , and fantasized about handing pharrah my letter of resignation at the end of the day . 
 kate nodded when i told her about this , and said that was what it was like for her , too , with every new job that she started . 
 `` i think you do n't ever really like any job all of the time , '' she mused , after telling me that her longest-running job had lasted for eight months . 
 `` i think you just find ones that you tolerate better than others . '' 
 there were no more fancy parties , no more schmoozing , though i did take on a few assignments that were much more difficult and quite a bit less fancy than my first-day launch party . 
 i arrived back at the apartment every day exhausted , in a good mood if things had gone well , and in a sour one if pharrah had told me , yet again , that i did n't have a `` voice for magazine writing , '' or if she put me on customer service duty for the afternoon . 
 it was only in the second week that i had time to follow up on the `` tip '' that jake had given me , partially because i had agonized , for a few days , over whether or not it was just some elaborate prank . 
 but eventually the fact that the name next to the number was female made me trust it a bit more -- at least jake could n't fake that . 
 during lunch break , i used one of kate 's tricks and walked up to the roof to make the call in private . 
 `` evelyn thomson , '' a voice said , on the second ring . 
 i was so surprised , i nearly dropped the phone . 
 `` oh , evelyn , hi , '' i said , scrambling . 
 `` um , this is ellie carter , from fug -- from fabulous urban green living . 
 i was given your number by jake ... '' i paused , waiting for some signal of recognition . 
 maybe something like , `` oh , yes , i 've been waiting for your call ! '' 
 but instead evelyn asked , confused , `` jake who ? '' 
 `` jake , the environmental consultant , '' i said , embarrassed that i did n't remember his last name . 
 `` he ... um , sorry , he said that you might want to speak with me . '' 
 `` what newspaper did you say you 're with ? '' 
 `` fabulous urban green living , '' i said . 
 `` it 's a magazine . '' 
 `` hmm . '' 
 i heard crinkling at the other end of the line , and checked my phone to make sure she had n't hung up on me . 
 `` sorry , i think maybe jake and i got our signals crossed . 
 you guys ... what kind of stuff do you write ? '' 
 anything you want to tell me about , i thought , but instead i said , `` a wide range of environmental issues and lifestyle pieces , but we like to put an emphasis on recent news that our subscribers would be interested in . '' 
 there , i thought . 
 that should cover it . 
 `` what , like new energy-saving bulbs and soymilk brands ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` as well as more weighty issues , '' i said , wondering why , as presumably the employee of a soup-making company , she had adopted such a scathing attitude . 
 i heard evelyn sigh on the other end . 
 `` well , i do n't know . 
 i mean , this is n't really what i had in mind . '' 
 hard sell , ellie , i coached myself . 
 `` jake gave me your number because he thought you could trust me , '' i said , gambling , for i did n't know what jake 's relationship to evelyn was , or even how much he knew of her situation . 
 `` i know i 'm not the times or anything , but i 'm discreet , and i 'm fair , and i wo n't put any of this in the press until you give it the okay . '' 
 the last part , i thought , was not what a seasoned journalist would have said , but it was getting hard to pretend i was an expert rather than a girl on her second week of the job . 
 `` just meet me , '' i said , into the long silence that followed . 
 `` for coffee . 
 we 'll just talk about your work , and you can decide how much you want to tell me then . '' 
 `` it might be nothing , '' warned evelyn . 
 `` sure , yeah . '' 
 `` well , '' evelyn said , `` i suppose if i tell my boss i 'm meeting with a fabulous urban green life reporter , i wo n't raise any suspicions . '' 
 `` living , '' i corrected . 
 `` never mind . 
 how about tomorrow , around three ? '' 
 `` ca n't . 
 busy all this week . '' 
 `` okay , next wednesday ? '' 
 we set up the time and location , and i left the roof feeling pleased . 
 at the very least , i 'd get a nice afternoon break next week . 
 at the very best , i 'd have an article to present to pharrah , researched and written all on my own . 
 i would have thanked jake for the tip , had i had any contact information . 
 still feeling like a detective , i wondered if i might search around for manhattan environmental consultant groups , and find out which firm he worked for . 
 but then what ? 
 tell him i stalked enough companies to find him ? 
 he would just have to make do with my silent gratitude . 
 chapter 13 -- in which i finally make city friends an unexpected benefit of fugly : i was actually forced to go outside and actively meet people . 
 it was kind of cool having that as part of my job . 
 i mean , it was annoying at times , because i had to talk to plenty of people who sucked up to me because they misunderstood the reach of fugly , or people who turned up their noses and answered my questions with snide comments , because they had never heard of us before or because they had an instinctive dislike of the press . 
 but the nice people outnumbered the jerks , and i did get to meet some interesting characters . 
 best of all , vanessa the gluten-free baker and tina the attorney started meeting up with me regularly for drinks every friday , joined often by kate , when she was n't going on dates procured for her by some new vegan match site . 
 we fell in easily as a group , and bonded in part because we were so different . 
 each of us seemed to want the same thing , but in very dissimilar ways -- vanessa to pay off her loans and get her business off the ground , tina to make it through her first few torturous years at the bottom of her company 's totem pole , and kate to stop job-hopping long enough to get a proper promotion . 
 out of the three of them , i felt the most unmoored , unsure as i was just how long i wanted to be a reporter for fugly . 
 `` oh , do n't let that bother you , '' kate said , lighting her cigarette on the outdoor deck of the bar . 
 i tried to lean back to avoid the worst of the smoke . 
 `` you have a plan . 
 you said you want to get a graduate degree and open a consultancy . '' 
 `` yeah , like that jake guy , '' said vanessa . 
 `` why did n't you get his number , again ? '' 
 i had n't yet told anyone about the anonymous tip ; my meeting with evelyn had been pushed back a day , and then a few more , until it seemed to me that the girl might just be getting cold feet . 
 `` he did n't ask for mine , '' i said . 
 `` you have to be aggressive , '' tina said . 
 `` the men here are n't sharks . 
 they kind of just let the women do the picking , you know ? '' 
 `` join vegan spiritmates , '' suggested kate . 
 `` how many normal guys have you found on there ? '' 
 kate considered for a few seconds as the waiter zipped by to refill our waters . 
 `` one . 
 except he lived in a commune . '' 
 `` commune or communal house ? '' 
 asked tina . 
 `` definitely a commune . '' 
 `` bummer . '' 
 all in all , i counted myself lucky , as july slipped by into august . 
 i had a place to live , a place to work , and new people to share it with . 
 sure , at times claire would point out something new that had gone wrong with the apartment , and remind me that i was the variable , and other times some of my coworkers at fugly would forward me copies of my articles with snide comments about `` the way things are usually done around here . '' 
 but it was nice to be so busy , and to fall into a rhythm of life that gave me a sense of purpose , even if i did n't feel like i was quite going anywhere . 
 i even mailed the fellowship applications , too , though i felt , as i dumped the hard copies into the postal box , that i might as well have been recycling them . 
 my old life now felt worlds away , three years of a dream-like state that were hard to connect to my new life in the city . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're enjoying it , '' my mother would say , when i remembered to call -lrb- i had discovered a terrible habit of mine : i called home more frequently when i wished to complain , thus skewing my mother 's perception of my life out east , a perception i was determined to change -rrb- . 
 sometimes , though , i would come home after a long day at work , or even a night out with friends , and crawl into my little closet of a room where , nine times out of ten , i had not bothered to make my bed . 
 and i would look out my narrow slit of a window , musing about what i was doing and where i was going , wondering if i was still on some on-ramp to real life like i had been in college , or if this was it , and i had better get used to it . 
 it was during those times that i felt the loneliest . 
 i even grew to appreciate the presence of claire and lisbeth , who were cranky and busy as they got ready for a new semester of art school , but who felt something like an annoying family to me . 
 nori i saw less and less : he told me , in the brief snippets when we crossed paths at breakfast , that he was working as many gigs as he could find , eager to promote the new mike-less band to all the fans who had gotten used to their old sound . 
 `` yeah , it 's going well , '' he would say , whenever i asked , but i thought i could detect the stress in his voice , the faint defeatism in his new grueling work schedule . 
 one night , after drinks out with tina and vanessa -lrb- kate had gone on another date , this time with a boy she met the old-fashioned way -rrb- , i came back home to find nori in the kitchen , a magazine in one hand and a slice of peanut butter toast in the other . 
 `` oh , hey , '' he said , smiling . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 it reminded me of my first few weeks in the city , when nori had been the only one to make an effort to get to know me , when he had encouraged me and talked with me about my dreams before i had so much as a second interview . 
 `` not much ! 
 how 's the band ? '' 
 `` good , '' he said , with what i thought was more enthusiasm than usual . 
 `` we booked a pretty big place yesterday . 
 well , tomorrow . 
 i mean , we booked it yesterday for a gig tomorrow . '' 
 `` that 's great , '' i said , smiling and taking the end piece of bread from the loaf . 
 i popped it in the toaster , maneuvering around the small kitchen to lean over nori . 
 `` yeah . 
 someone else canceled last minute , and tr -- and i knew someone who knew someone who could get us in . '' 
 `` where 's the place ? '' 
 i thought he hesitated , just slightly , before telling me . 
 but i was tired , and still slightly buzzed from the bar , and decided i might have just imagined it . 
 `` it 's ticketed , '' he said . 
 `` fancy . '' 
 `` i could try to get you one , if you want , '' nori offered , as the toast popped back up and i took the knife he offered , dipping it into the peanut butter . 
 `` i 'm not sure if i have the pull , but ... '' `` oh , yeah , sure , '' i said . 
 no , definitely not imagining it . 
 there did n't seem to be all that much enthusiasm there . 
 `` do n't worry about it . 
 thanks anyway . '' 
 i wished i had n't made the toast . 
 we stood for another awkward minute or two making small talk , and i wondered how it was that our easy rapport of just a few weeks prior had vanished . 
 trying not to take it personally , i said goodnight as fast as i could , and hurried off to bed . 
 it was only the next night , after nori had , unsurprisingly , not mentioned any tickets , that lisbeth walked into my room and told me nori had a new girlfriend . 
 `` she 's been over a few times , '' lisbeth said . 
 `` she 's nice . 
 just thought you should know in case you run into a stranger when you come home . '' 
 she said it in a peculiar deadpan that i was coming to see as her norm . 
 `` over like , overnight ? '' 
 i asked , trying to keep my voice casual . 
 `` no . 
 but i think they just started dating . '' 
 she squinted her eyes at me . 
 `` did you two ever ... ? '' 
 `` what ? 
 no ! '' 
 i said , and excused myself quickly for a `` work thing . '' 
 i did n't know why the news had hurt me so much . 
 perhaps , i thought , as i walked down the street to the corner bakery , and ordered a sesame seed bagel with strawberry cream cheese , perhaps i was just being selfish . 
 had thought that nori liked me , and now had my ego hurt when it turned out not to be the case . 
 just get over it , i told myself . 
 obviously there was n't anything there , and it had all been in my head . 
 i tried to think of all the things i did n't like about him , but instead only thought back to that day at the park , when we had talked about our dreams and nori had so easily , so effortlessly , understood and encouraged mine . 
 chapter 14 -- in which i start kicking ass and taking names on wednesday , i finally met up with evelyn . 
 i had worked overtime the past few days , determined to get over any inappropriate annoyance with nori by throwing myself into my job . 
 and it was working , to an extent : pharrah had noticed my increased output , and given me new responsibilities , and one of the opinion pieces i had written on local food versus vegan corporations had been featured on the front page . 
 `` at this rate , you 'll get a promotion before me , '' grumbled kate , as i left that afternoon to meet evelyn . 
 i told her i was just following up on an article , leaving out the details of the company and my source . 
 evelyn turned out to be a woman in her early thirties , with square black glasses , thick eyebrows , and a stylish blue pencil skirt . 
 we met at a juice bar on the upper west side , where i ordered the most normal-looking drink i could find on the sparse menu . 
 `` sorry about all the delay , '' evelyn said . 
 i could feel her sizing me up , and guessed that she had already taken a look at fabulous urban green living , including my own articles . 
 `` work has just been pretty crazy the past few weeks . '' 
 `` no problem , '' i said . 
 i had decided against bringing a notebook , afraid that it might scare her off . 
 not that i thought a soup scandal was going to turn me into bob woodward or carl bernstein . 
 `` you 're pretty young , are n't you ? '' 
 `` most people at the magazine are , '' i answered truthfully . 
 `` yeah . 
 i do n't mean -- oh , whatever . 
 i think i take myself too seriously . '' 
 she lowered her head into her hands , pressing her forehead with the heel of her palms . 
 i wondered briefly if that was the scoop . 
 `` evelyn takes herself too seriously , '' i thought , imagining the headline sprawled across the top of the magazine 's website . 
 `` i mean , it 's soup , right ? '' 
 she said , lifting her head . 
 `` it 's not like i 'm giving out government secrets . '' 
 `` why do n't you just start by explaining what you guys do , '' i said . 
 `` and what your role is . '' 
 i , too , had done some research beforehand , reading about the soup company that prided itself on buying local vegetables for each of its ten national factories , an `` industry pioneer , '' as their website put it . 
 evelyn explained the concept to me , saying that the company had only started branding themselves as local in the past couple of years , about the same time that she had come on board . 
 `` i 'm in marketing , '' she said , almost defensively , `` so i did n't really see a lot of the operations side , you know . 
 my job was just to grow the brand . '' 
 `` sure , yeah . '' 
 `` so i did n't know . 
 i mean , i thought some parts sounded a little too good to be true , but that 's how it always is in these companies , right ? '' 
 `` sorry ? '' 
 evelyn gestured impatiently . 
 `` in all of these ethical , green , local sorts of companies . 
 i 've worked with a whole bunch , and once they start growing , it just gets harder and harder to maintain the vision . 
 of course , we did n't start with an ethical mission . '' 
 `` what , are the vegetables not really local ? '' 
 i joked . 
 evelyn looked stricken . 
 she turned left and then right , her face draining of color . 
 leaning close , evelyn whispered , `` how did you know ? '' 
 `` er ... '' she leaned back . 
 `` i did n't even believe it when i found out . 
 i thought maybe there was some sort of loophole . 
 you know , like they just froze the local vegetables and then shipped them off for testing , and then shipped them back for processing -- oh , i do n't know ! 
 i 'm not a factory manager . 
 but i did n't think ... '' slowly , with a great many nervous glances towards the door , evelyn began to tell me about the great soup scandal -lrb- so named in my own head -rrb- . 
 the great green soup company , as it was so aptly called , had started off as a line of gourmet canned soups , marketed to busy urban moms . 
 `` but it turns out they all got hung up on the sodium , and all the processing -- i mean , the focus groups , and i watched dozens of videos of them , talked about how they wanted healthier options . 
 that 's when edward , the founder , added the word ` green ' to the company and completely rebranded . 
 turns out that by just doing that , and adding the ` local ' label , our sales tripled . 
 within a month . '' 
 `` except , the new vegetables were n't local ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i felt comfortable enough now that i was taking a few notes on my phone , in the shorthand i had picked up over the past few weeks . 
 `` that 's the thing . 
 i do n't think they even got new vegetables . 
 like , at all . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 evelyn slurped down the last of her green , swamp-looking drink and shook her head . 
 `` i do n't think they changed vendors , producers , nothing . 
 they kept all the same processes , just said the vegetables were local . '' 
 `` maybe they were already ? '' 
 `` first thing i checked , '' said evelyn . 
 `` they 're not . 
 it 's just , no one asks questions because there 's so much shipping going on . 
 i think everyone assumes like i did that they were just processed somewhere else , and shipped back in . '' 
 `` or they just do n't want to raise the issue , '' i offered , and evelyn winced . 
 `` is n't there like , a regulatory body for this or something ? '' 
 `` yeah , that 's the thing , '' evelyn said . 
 `` i do n't know how he does it . '' 
 i left the juice bar later that afternoon , arriving back at the office just before six . 
 pharrah shook her head but said nothing , while kate raised one eyebrow . 
 but for now , the great soup scandal would have to be my secret . 
 i found myself both bemused and a little excited -- in our little green urban corner of the earth , this would certainly be worthy of a story . 
 of course , if you had told me six months ago i would be drooling over the prospect of a locally-sourced vegetable scandal , i would probably have been very worried about my future sanity . 
 when i opened my computer again , i saw that i had an email from evelyn -- cryptic and short , referencing our `` marketing meeting '' and asking that i not run any articles until she had a chance to explain all the new offerings to me . 
 i smiled , thinking of all of the unnecessary precautions -lrb- and the fact that such a deliberately vague email most certainly made her seem guilty -rrb- . 
 but i answered in kind , and set up another meeting with her for later that week . 
 only a few minutes later , another email popped up in my folder . 
 `` remember me ? '' 
 read the subject line . 
 it was jake -- apparently , evelyn had already told him about our meeting , probably to warn him to keep the information quiet for now . 
 i kept thinking i would run into you at another party , the email read . 
 but you 're pretty hard to track down . 
 if you 'd like to get drinks and tell me about your investigative reporting , i 'd be much obliged . 
 evelyn 's an old friend and i 'm hoping you two can help each other out . 
 well , i thought , not bad for one day . 
 `` you just got asked out , did n't you ? '' 
 kate called from across the office table . 
 a few heads turned my way , and i blushed . 
 kate grinned wickedly . 
 `` either that or you got a promotion . '' 
 `` she did n't get a promotion , '' said pharrah . 
 `` i did n't get asked out , '' i said , packing up for the day . 
 `` psh . '' 
 chapter 15 -- my ambiguous date with the cute consultant i ran into nori that saturday , as i got ready for drinks with jake . 
 already i had met with evelyn a few more times ; she seemed inclined to unload all of the secrets of her soup company , now that she had gotten started . 
 i had written down the names of inspectors , of factory workers who could corroborate her story , of the director of operations who , evelyn had whispered , `` must know about it . '' 
 `` how 's work ? '' 
 nori asked me , plucking the strings on his guitar . 
 i was tempted to tell him about the great soup scandal , thinking that of all of my friends , he would understand the humor in it . 
 but i still felt the wall between us , the change in our dynamic that had silently and lethally occurred sometime in the past few weeks . 
 `` oh , it 's fine , '' i said instead . 
 `` how 's your band ? 
 and the girlfriend ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 nori said , blushing . 
 `` who told you that , claire ? '' 
 `` lisbeth mentioned it . '' 
 `` oh , right , '' he said . 
 `` i just ask ... i mean , we 're not official yet . '' 
 he turned back to his guitar , and i pictured a thin , fashionable , hipster girl hanging onto nori 's arm , sharing bad coffee and cheap bagels with him . 
 `` how 'd you guys meet ? '' 
 `` at a gig , '' nori said . 
 `` she 's a singer . '' 
 `` that 's great , '' i said , forcing a smile . 
 what did i care ? 
 i was getting ready for drinks with jake , after all . 
 maybe , i thought , i was just upset at the distance between us , and was blaming the girlfriend for it . 
 i did n't want to lose nori as a friend . 
 `` hey , '' i said , trying to make an effort to seem normal , `` you wan na hear about a work thing ? 
 i unfortunately have to swear you to secrecy , '' i added , cringing inwardly at the breach of journalistic ethics . 
 the great soup scandal surely deserved a more seasoned , by-the-book reporter . 
 `` but i think my article 's coming out next week . '' 
 i had already broached pharrah with the topic that friday , telling her as much as i dared , trying to gauge her reaction to the news . 
 `` my god ! '' 
 pharrah kept exclaiming . 
 and she had called walter , who had rushed down to hear my notes . 
 they had both agreed we would need to break the story soon , `` just in case we get scooped , '' pharrah had said excitedly . 
 `` i absolutely want to hear about a work thing , '' said nori , setting aside his guitar . 
 his face was still a deep red . 
 `` fire away . '' 
 and so i told him , starting with the party and the anonymous tip , and building to my meetings with evelyn and the extra reconnaissance , including a few covert interviews with factory managers who met me on-site . 
 `` wow , '' said nori . 
 `` that 's really impressive , ellie . '' 
 `` it was kind of handed to me , '' i said , blushing . 
 `` i just got kind of lucky . '' 
 `` still , though . 
 i mean , your first big story -- we should celebrate . 
 wan na grab a beer ? 
 i 'm not playing tonight . '' 
 `` actually , '' i said , `` remember the guy who gave me the tip ? 
 he ... i mean we 're getting drinks . 
 i 'm going to update him on what 's going on . 
 you can come , if you want . '' 
 i said the words before i really had a chance to think them through , expecting nori to decline . 
 `` this the consultant ? '' 
 nori asked . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` he 's what , in his forties ? '' 
 `` no , our age . 
 a little older . '' 
 i cleared my throat and twisted the earrings i had on , suddenly hyperaware that i was much more dressed-up than usual . 
 `` sure , '' nori said , `` if i 'm not interrupting anything ? '' 
 `` of course not . 
 bring your girlfriend if you 'd like . '' 
 nori pressed his lips together into a smile and picked up his guitar , fiddling with the chords as i finished getting ready . 
 jake seemed more than a little surprised to see nori , and i introduced them as quickly and cheerily as i could , reminding myself that i was not on a date with either one and thus did n't need to feel quite so guilty . 
 i did apologize to jake for the short notice , at which point jake said , with a broad smile at nori , `` the more the merrier . '' 
 we sat at a small high table in the bar-restaurant , jake in a casual suit that fit in more with the decor than nori 's black jeans and plaid shirt . 
 i felt my stomach twist as i looked at the prices -- $ 20 for a cocktail . 
 nori and i briefly met each other 's eyes , and i bit my lip to stop myself from laughing . 
 jake looked up . 
 `` what 's funny ? '' 
 he said , starting to grin . 
 he looked over at nori , who cleared his throat and shrugged . 
 `` i 'm headed to a concert later , so i think i 'll just get a coke . '' 
 a coke was $ 7 . 
 `` me , too , '' i said , folding the menu . 
 a young , tight-lipped waitress came by to take our orders , barely concealing her disapproval as nori and i ordered the cheapest drinks on the menu . 
 `` come on , ellie , something to celebrate , '' jake said . 
 `` i 'll buy . '' 
 `` it 's okay , '' i said , blushing , but when he offered again i figured it would be best to just accept , and shut the conversation down as quickly as possible . 
 already i could see nori fidgeting in his chair , second-guessing his decision to come . 
 well , i thought , half-annoyed and half-guilty , i certainly had n't made him . 
 and he should have brought his girlfriend , like i 'd offered , instead of saying that she was `` probably busy . '' 
 `` so , tell me what happened , '' jake said , as nori hopped off the table to go find the bathroom . 
 i tried to smile at him as he went , and make up for some of the slight awkwardness of the night . 
 and just when we were starting to get back on good terms , too , i thought . 
 and so , for the second time , i recounted my investigation of the past few weeks , leaving out some of the more minor details in my effort to get through it before nori got back . 
 jake was an attentive listener , asking questions about evelyn and the great green soup company , murmuring praise whenever i told him of another fact discovered , another piece of the puzzle found . 
 `` thanks again for giving me evelyn 's number , '' i said , as nori rejoined us . 
 good ; i had been more than a little afraid he would just ditch . 
 `` otherwise none of this would 've happened . '' 
 `` oh , i do n't know , '' jake said , winking . 
 `` i 'm sure you would 've found something else to write about . 
 you did a great job with it . '' 
 the waitress stopped by with our drinks , handing jake and me two elegant wineglasses , and nori a thin , ice-filled glass with what probably amounted to a few millimeters of soda inside . 
 `` so you said you and evelyn are old friends ? '' 
 i asked , when it was clear nori was not going to look up , super-absorbed as he appeared to be in peeling the paper off of his straw . 
 `` how did you meet ? '' 
 `` we dated , actually . 
 it was nothing serious . 
 we met at one of those launch parties like you and i met at . '' 
 i nodded , trying to imagine the smooth , younger jake dating the slightly neurotic , dramatic evelyn . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` we were better as friends , '' jake said . 
 `` we lost touch a bit over the years , but when we ran into each other a few weeks back , she told me about some of the ... issues ... her company was having . '' 
 `` it 's alright ; i told him , '' i said , as jake looked piercingly at nori . 
 nori looked up long enough to give jake a tight smile . 
 `` really ? '' 
 jake said , surprised . 
 `` probably good to keep it close to your chest , at least until publication . '' 
 `` i can keep a secret , '' nori said . 
 he had nothing of the smooth , professional demeanor of jake ; his eyes flashed , and though he laughed once , nervously , it did nothing to dispel the anger that we both felt coming off of him in waves . 
 `` sorry , did n't mean to suggest it , '' said jake , taking a sip of his wine . 
 `` how 's the coke ? '' 
 `` want to try my wine ? '' 
 i said quickly . 
 i forced it into nori 's hand before he could protest . 
 turning to jake , i said , `` the article is supposed to come out sometime next week . 
 my boss wants to make sure we break it before anyone else hears about it . '' 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 nori asked him . 
 he had taken a small sip of the wine and handed it back to me . 
 `` you knew all about it , did n't you ? 
 for a few weeks . '' 
 `` i did . '' 
 `` did you tell anyone else about the tip , besides ellie ? '' 
 `` i actually did n't tell ellie anything , '' said jake tightly . 
 my brain started going into overdrive , trying to think of some way to shift the conversation . 
 there had to be something the three of us had in common besides me and my ridiculous news article . 
 `` i just introduced her to someone . '' 
 `` you told her it was a tip . 
 and you had what , just met her that night ? 
 i 'm just saying , '' nori said , trying and failing to keep his voice casual , `` it 's possible she 's not the first pretty girl that you decided to talk to about it . '' 
 `` nori ! '' 
 i said . 
 `` it 's fine , ellie . 
 i 'm sorry ; are n't you ellie 's roommate ? 
 did i get this wrong ? '' 
 jake pointed between the two of us and turned to address me . 
 `` i do n't mind meeting your friends , of course , but maybe i misunderstood the nature of the evening . '' 
 it was so formal , so stilted , that i almost laughed . 
 the wine was not helping . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i finally managed , but nori was rising , throwing down a ten-dollar bill on the table . 
 `` sorry , '' he muttered to me , `` i thought you said this was n't a date . '' 
 `` it 's not , '' i said , but he was already zipping through the crowd of well-dressed patrons , his backpack slung over one arm . 
 `` i 'm sorry about that , '' i said to jake , pulling out my own wallet . 
 how much had the wine been ? 
 $ 35 ? 
 $ 45 ? 
 `` i may need to go to an atm , '' i muttered . 
 `` are you leaving , too ? '' 
 i glanced towards the door ; nori was already gone . 
 `` is this actually a date ? '' 
 i blurted out . 
 jake looked amused . 
 `` why did you think i asked you out for drinks ? '' 
 `` well , to talk about the article , like you said , '' i replied , blushing . 
 `` we can do that . 
 but it can still be a date , too . '' 
 i wondered , briefly , treacherously , if it would have been one had nori not come , and forced the issue . 
 certainly jake 's email had seemed more casual than that . 
 but jake was right ; just because nori had had a small tantrum and left , did n't mean that i had to as well . 
 let him go find his girlfriend and go to his indie concert , i thought bitterly , looking at the barely-touched soda he had left behind . 
 the waitress came and whisked it away almost immediately , pocketing the ten dollars in the same smooth motion . 
 `` great , '' i said to jake , and smiled as he raised his glass and clinked it with mine . 
 unlike sean , the consultant-i-banker of my early days in the city , jake could carry on a conversation without talking solely about himself . 
 i found myself telling him about my time in walnut creek , about my career changes , about my fellowship applications and dreams to open a consultancy , one day . 
 `` oh , do n't get a degree , '' said jake , shaking his head . 
 `` get work experience . 
 trust me , you 're shooting yourself in the foot by studying history . '' 
 `` but i like history , '' i said , smiling . 
 we had ordered dinner at that point , and i was trying to eat forkfuls of salad without spilling too much with each bite . 
 `` read some books in your spare time . 
 trust me , it would be a complete waste . '' 
 `` well , '' i said , not wanting to give up on the idea , and trying to think of all of my good arguments through two glasses of wine , `` i think it 's more about the method , the historical method , which i can then -- '' `` bull , '' said jake easily . 
 `` no , really ! 
 i like history , too . 
 i think it 's great that you 're into it . '' 
 he laughed as i made a face . 
 `` but it 's completely impractical . 
 no one is going to become your client just because you have a graduate degree in history . '' 
 `` what if i just want to do it ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` study history a bit more . '' 
 `` totally fine , if you do n't care about making money . 
 i say , have at it . '' 
 i rolled my eyes and tried to laugh with him as he dismissed the idea . 
 well , i thought , he did have a point , and it was one i had heard before -- a graduate degree in the liberal arts was not exactly a great selling point , at least for this line of work . 
 still , i wanted to find some way to make it happen . 
 before he could ask me any more questions , or poke any more holes in my tentative plans , i asked him about his own career path . 
 `` well , '' jake said , considering , `` i never really thought i 'd get into consulting , actually . '' 
 he told me a brief synopsis of his work history , the marketing company that he had left for the digital media group , which had introduced him to a few buddies who let him know about an opening in their own company , just a few years later . 
 `` so do you like it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` or do you want to go back into media ? 
 you could join fabulous urban green living , '' i said , laughing as i imagined jake squatting over one of the bouncy-ball chairs at the communal worktable . 
 `` oh , no . 
 definitely not a journalist . 
 and i do like it . 
 you get to meet lots of people , travel lots of places . 
 but it 's always a hustle . 
 you 're always looking for new clients . '' 
 `` i thought the company would do that for you . '' 
 `` nope . 
 we all have to pull our own weight . 
 well , if we want a promotion , that is , '' jake said . 
 `` i bring in a lot of new business , mostly because i bother going to all of the boring events and parties that we 're invited to . '' 
 `` what , like the one you met me at ? '' 
 i said with a grin . 
 he laughed . 
 `` yeah . 
 that one was nice for other reasons . '' 
 cocking his head , he asked , `` so you did n't think this was a date ? '' 
 well , maybe if you had bothered asking for my number , or getting in touch with me earlier , i thought , amused , but said that no , i had just thought we were meeting up for drinks , and to talk about my article . 
 `` ah , '' jake said . 
 `` well , i hate to break it to you , but i find you a lot more interesting than your article . '' 
 `` that is disappointing , '' i said , `` since this is very big news . '' 
 `` i agree , '' said jake , toasting me again . 
 `` so take it as a compliment . '' 
 after dinner , jake offered to take me to a place uptown , a small bar that had `` great margaritas . '' 
 but i did n't want him to think the night was leading somewhere it was n't , and instead told him i should be getting back . 
 `` alright , '' said jake , a twinkle in his eye . 
 `` another night , then . '' 
 we exchanged numbers , and jake saw me off in a taxi . 
 when i returned , nori and claire were out , and lisbeth was fast asleep in her room , snoring away . 
 chapter 16 -- lisbeth the story ran on monday , and the office was soon in an uproar . 
 `` what the heck ? '' 
 cried kate , more amused than angry . 
 `` ellie , you did n't tell me anything about this . '' 
 `` i was just trying to get all my research in , '' i said sheepishly , as the other reporters clicked over to the site and scanned the article . 
 pharrah looked pleased to be in on the secret , and jumped to the phone each time it rang . 
 the third call was from the great green soup company . 
 `` yes , i understand the word slander , '' she said brightly , and i had never liked her so much as at that moment . 
 `` oh , please do . 
 we 'll forward it along to our lawyers . 
 thank you . '' 
 she hung up and grinned . 
 `` they 're very angry . '' 
 `` is it true ? '' 
 one of the boys who sat across from me asked , a sharp-nosed fellow who had , on my first day , walked off when i told him i did n't have any publication credits . 
 `` i mean , are the vegetables really not local ? '' 
 `` yes , they 've been lying on their labels , '' i said , trying to make the story sound a little more impressive . 
 non-local vegetables were not quite as jaw-dropping a headline . 
 `` you checked your sources ? '' 
 asked another girl . 
 `` of course she checked her sources ! '' 
 snapped kate . 
 `` do you think it would be on the site if she did n't ? 
 ellie , coffee . 
 you need to tell me about this . '' 
 i allowed myself to be steered out of the loft office and down to the corner café , where three of the other reporters followed us and crowded around as kate peppered me with questions on the story . 
 `` him ! '' 
 kate said , when i mentioned where the tip had come from . 
 `` ugh . 
 i was at that party , too , and no one gave me a great scoop . '' 
 `` so you were dating the guy that tipped you off ? '' 
 one of the other girls asked . 
 `` did n't you hear her ? 
 she met him at a party , and he gave her the tip , '' kate said , before i could try to explain about my weeks-later date with jake . 
 i decided it would probably be better to not mention his name , or our date , to anyone . 
 the last thing i needed was for the rest of my officemates to start making assumptions . 
 when we arrived back at the office , half of the staff was crowded around pharrah , who shooed them away as she spoke on the phone . 
 `` right . 
 yes , i think we can ... you 'll have to talk to the reporter , ellie carter . 
 ` e ' as in evergreen , ` l’ as in lion ... '' `` three other blogs just reposted the article , '' one of my coworkers said . 
 `` did you know that the great green soup company was announcing another financing round today ? '' 
 my eyes widened , and i dove for my computer . 
 sure enough , there were a few small news articles mentioning the -lrb- not insignificant -rrb- financing round . 
 almost all had an addendum that linked back to my article on fugly . 
 `` the ceo wants a personal interview with you , '' pharrah called to me . 
 `` i told him we 'd have to be present , naturally . 
 i think he 's going to try and bully you into some sort of retraction . '' 
 `` jeez , '' i said . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 if it was false , he 'd leave it alone . 
 and i 'm sure his lawyers will talk him down before he actually sets up the meeting . '' 
 it was happening , i thought , with mixed amusement , wonder , and confused delight . 
 i was finally on my way to real success , and real adulthood , and all because a soup corporation used frozen vegetables . 
 i arrived home late that night , my face pink and my head buzzing with all of the excitement of the day . 
 some of my coworkers , many of whom had not bothered to remember my name before , had insisted on going out for drinks after work , plying me for details as kate refreshed her phone and announced updates in the soup scandal to our table . 
 the ceo had , in fact , backed off the meeting , and instead the fugly lawyers were in talks with the great green soup 's . 
 i had heard nothing from evelyn , and on kate 's advice had not tried to contact her , as she was still known by all -lrb- even to my office -rrb- as my ` anonymous high-ranking source . ' 
 some smaller newspapers and magazines had picked up the story , and pharrah , after some encouragement by walter , allowed me to comment . 
 `` just do n't say anything libelous , '' walter had said brightly , and i had spent a stress-filled afternoon googling the definition and associated laws in between phone calls with other magazines . 
 great article , jake had texted me , later in the day . 
 not too bad for a newbie . 
 and so , when i finally collapsed back inside my apartment , a grin still spread from ear-to-ear , i wanted nothing more than a shower , my bed , and , perhaps , a slice of peanut butter toast . 
 claire was out , and nori 's door was closed . 
 i had n't spoken to him since last saturday , and was n't eager to have my high punctured by any awkwardness . 
 tiptoeing across the small apartment , i jumped in the shower and scrubbed my teeth , foregoing the toast for the soft covers of my bed . 
 a knock at the door . 
 groaning , i tried to ignore it , and shut off the lamp next to my bed . 
 the knock came again . 
 i sighed and sat up . 
 `` come in , '' i said , `` but i 'm going to bed soon ! '' 
 to my surprise , it was n't nori , but lisbeth . 
 she had her hair pulled back , and white cream lining her cheeks . 
 when she saw me staring , she scowled and rubbed at it , muttering something about moisturizer . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 i asked , as lisbeth entered and shut the door behind her . 
 `` shhh , '' she cautioned . 
 `` claire just got back . '' 
 `` okay . 
 do you want to sit down ? '' 
 i gestured towards my bed , and lisbeth cautiously took a seat . 
 `` it 's about rooms , '' lisbeth said , shivering and rubbing her hands over her bare shoulders . 
 `` i. . . '' 
 she glanced at the door again , and leaned closer . 
 `` i think i 'm moving out . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 i said . 
 i had always assumed that lisbeth and claire were good friends , packaged together as one unit . 
 though , to be fair , i had never caught lisbeth showing any interest in claire 's vampire pop-up parties , nor did i spend enough time around the apartment to see just how much time the two spent together . 
 `` claire 's gone a bit insane , '' lisbeth said , biting her lip . 
 `` she wants to get a fifth ` rotational ' roommate . 
 to save on rent . '' 
 `` rotational ? '' 
 `` yeah , like someone who comes for a month or two and crashes in the common room . '' 
 `` yikes . '' 
 i rubbed my temples , trying to think through how long i had to find another place on my tiny budget . 
 `` what does nori think of this ? '' 
 `` good question , '' said lisbeth , and before i could stop her she had rushed outside , knocked on his door , and dragged him to my room . 
 nori met my eyes briefly as he came in , and we nodded at one another , in a tense silence that i could only hope lisbeth did not notice . 
 she spoke quickly , mentioning the rotational roommate as nori lifted one brow . 
 `` well , i 'm out after august , '' nori muttered . 
 `` moving in with a bandmate . '' 
 his black hair was ruffled , and he was wearing a vintage blue t-shirt over athletic shorts . 
 my eyes wandered to his forearms , and then up to his biceps , surprisingly toned for someone who , i assumed , was too cool for such banalities as gyms and pull-up bars . 
 `` ellie ? '' 
 lisbeth said . 
 `` did you hear that ? '' 
 `` hmm ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` nori 's leaving after august . '' 
 nori nodded , his eyes drifting to mine and then quickly away . 
 `` well , '' said lisbeth , `` i found a new place , too . 
 i 'm not signing a lease for next year . '' 
 `` i guess i should start looking , '' i said . 
 i wondered if nori did push-ups before bed . 
 i knew a lot of guys in college who used to do that , bragging about their numbers at breakfast the next day . 
 it was a half-joking , half-serious contest , though the claims seemed to me to be disproportional to the muscles involved . 
 still , one could not just acquire those kinds of arm muscles without any work at all -- `` ellie ! '' 
 lisbeth said , and i jumped . 
 `` i said , do you want to come check this place out ? '' 
 `` what place ? '' 
 lisbeth rolled her eyes . 
 `` the place i 'm going to move into . 
 they have another spare bedroom , and i think their other roommate just dropped out . '' 
 `` sure , '' i said , flattered that she would offer . 
 `` what 's the price ? '' 
 `` same as what you 're paying now , and utilities are included , '' lisbeth said . 
 `` washer and dryer are in the building , but not in the apartment . '' 
 `` where are you moving , nori ? '' 
 i asked him , as he started to slink out . 
 `` not too far . 
 two-bedroom in little italy . '' 
 `` it 's just a few blocks from where i 'm going , '' lisbeth said . 
 `` i do n't want to be too far from the school . '' 
 another knock on my door , and before i could answer , claire poked her head in . 
 `` what 's everyone doing ? '' 
 she asked , as nori muttered a quick goodnight and slipped past her . 
 `` ellie , you keep avoiding me . 
 i wanted to talk to you about the lease for next year . '' 
 lisbeth gave me a warning look , and left . 
 after convincing claire that i had not , in fact , been ignoring her , and begging to discuss the lease later that week , i shut my door and texted lisbeth to set up a time to go apartment-seeing . 
 apparently the place belonged to some of her cousin 's college friends , and they were subletting the place all of next year while they studied abroad . 
 the third roommate would be a girl around our age , who worked at an advertising agency . 
 grateful as i was for lisbeth 's offer , i could n't help but think back to nori . 
 when was he planning to tell me that he was officially moving out ? 
 were we just never going to talk again , never going to acknowledge the slightly awkward evening and all of the feelings that had passed between us ? 
 i wondered if and when i had missed the opportunity to get to know him more ; it seemed we had moved from friends to strangers within just a few weeks , a change made all the more jarring by the easy intimacy that we had initially had , an intimacy i had yet to find with anyone else in the city . 
 but perhaps i had just imagined most of the awkwardness . 
 maybe , before he met his girlfriend , nori had just had more time to be a social roommate , and now found himself too busy with the girl and his gigs and the changes in his band to hang out much anymore . 
 it 's not all about you , ellie , i reminded myself , and tried to think about the date with jake that he had set up for later that week . 
 still , when it came to nori , i could n't help but wish that it was . 
 chapter 17 -- in which i meet nori 's hipster girlfriend the soup story did not die down over the next few days . 
 if anything , it grew bigger . 
 the venture capitalist firm that had invested in the great green soup company soon issued a statement , affirming their support of local vegetable markets and their dedication to investigate these issues to the fullest possible extent . 
 `` we feel very fortunate , '' one of the vps wrote in a statement , `` that these issues were brought up before we formally concluded our partnership agreement with the great green soup company . 
 we can not comment upon our future relationship with the corporation at this time . 
 thank you . '' 
 fugly got quite a few emails from local urbanites , expressing outrage at the mislabeling of the soup products and a firm dedication to buy only from the company 's competitors from now on . 
 `` you 'd think they 'd maybe go to some farmers ' markets instead , '' kate said , snorting . 
 about halfway through the week , perhaps seeing the inevitable coming , evelyn revealed her identity as a source through an exclusive interview at fugly , conducted by yours truly . 
 walter insisted on a video interview to accompany the written one , an idea that evelyn and i met with equal horror . 
 `` but i did n't get my hair done ! '' 
 she said , checking herself on her handheld mirror at the office that morning . 
 after some consulting with pharrah , the publisher had hair and makeup artists brought in , apparently cousins of one of our copyeditors . 
 `` are you sure it 's not too much makeup ? '' 
 i asked for the fifth time , as bright lights switched on and a camera wheeled around to face us . 
 the table and bouncy balls had all been scooted into a corner , which had been met by varying levels of enthusiasm or exasperation by the rest of the staff . 
 some , including kate , seemed to welcome the break , and stood around watching the over-the-top scene with amusement . 
 `` this is just going on your website ? '' 
 evelyn asked . 
 i reassured her that yes , the video would only go up on our site , even as the makeup artist snapped at me to stop touching my face . 
 `` give them some coffee ! '' 
 pharrah said , after the second take . 
 `` look more natural . 
 ellie , stop fidgeting . 
 evelyn , you 're doing lovely , you really are , but try to talk to ellie and not to the camera , okay ? 
 two friends having coffee . 
 go ! '' 
 finally , after seven more takes , three of which had us repeat the entire conversation word-for-word , with different endings , pharrah called it a rap and hurried over to the videographer , pestering him about editing time and potential cuts . 
 i thought she might have missed her calling in cable news . 
 `` thanks for doing this , '' i said to evelyn , as i wiped off the layers of makeup coating my face . 
 she asked about a bathroom , and i led her down to the first floor . 
 `` i just ca n't believe it , '' she said , sounding excited . 
 `` we 're really doing it ! 
 i never thought ... '' she shook her head , and disappeared inside . 
 by the end of the week , things seemed to be slowing down ; pharrah insisted we keep updating the original article on the site , and the video interview with evelyn remained front and center -- the views on it were still skyrocketing , making me both excited and a little queasy . 
 at least , i thought , in the two-second clip that i finally brought myself to watch , we sounded confident , articulate , assured . 
 i pushed off my next date with jake until saturday , determined to spend one night in pajamas watching television shows and letting my mind ease out of high gear . 
 i stopped briefly for drinks with tina , kate , and vanessa to celebrate , and listened to a half-hour rant from vanessa on the unethical nature of corporations . 
 `` you can only trust the new ones , '' she said , shaking her head over her iced tea . 
 `` like you ? '' 
 said tina . 
 `` exactly . '' 
 `` and when you become a giant corporation ? '' 
 `` i would n't trust me , either , '' she said simply . 
 we joked a bit about this , until finally i paid my bill and said my good-byes , looking forward to warm covers and mind-numbing comedies . 
 i opened the door to my apartment to find claire 's red , livid face . 
 `` whoa , '' i said , taking a step back , as lisbeth appeared behind her , shaking her head and making cutting motions with her hands . 
 `` when were you going to tell me ? '' 
 claire shouted . 
 `` all ! 
 of ! 
 you ! 
 you think this is the way to repay me , for hooking you up with a room , ellie ? 
 or you ! '' 
 she spun back to lisbeth , who made a face and cringed backwards . 
 i took the opportunity to slip behind claire , towards my own room . 
 `` i got you this place to start with , did n't i ? 
 and now what , you guys are leaving me high and dry without so much as the courtesy of letting me know ? '' 
 `` you still have a few weeks to find new roommates , '' lisbeth said , looking to me for help . 
 `` ellie and i only officially decided a couple of days ago . '' 
 `` oh , fantastic . 
 and i do n't suppose you ever thought to offer me the new room , hmm ? '' 
 `` you seem to really like it here . '' 
 claire threw up her arms and stormed towards the kitchen , where she proceeded to toss around the two or three plates and cups that we had . 
 lisbeth shot me a panicked glance and followed me into my room . 
 `` i guess we should have told her earlier , '' lisbeth said . 
 `` she 's already posted our rooms on craigslist . 
 she took pictures ; i hope you do n't mind . '' 
 `` uh ... '' `` i 'd just lock it when you leave so she ca n't show it . 
 i think she 'll calm down in a bit , but -- '' my door vibrated with the force of claire 's knock . 
 eventually , i got claire to calm down by suggesting that , instead of the fifth rotational roommate she had been considering , she could divide the space up further , and rent out to as many as six people . 
 nori , after all , had the largest bedroom , and if two friends were willing to split it long-term , they could reduce the rent for everyone . 
 `` it 's really just the convenience , then ? '' 
 claire asked , looking from me to lisbeth and using the excuse that lisbeth had offered her . 
 `` i mean , i know i 'm into some avant-garde stuff , but i did n't think -- '' `` it 's not that , '' i said quickly . 
 `` just different living styles . 
 sometimes good friends do n't make the best roommates . '' 
 claire 's eyes began to water , and i felt a twist of guilt . 
 certainly claire had never seemed interested in becoming my friend , but perhaps i had been missing something all along . 
 she turned to lisbeth and threw her arms around her , and lisbeth , looking bewildered , patted her a few times on the back . 
 `` you guys do leave a lot of hair in the shower , '' claire said , when she had recovered . 
 by the time i had finally showered and climbed into bed , i was too exhausted to do anything but turn my light off , pull my covers up over my cheeks , and fall into a deep , dreamless sleep . 
 `` so congrats on the article , '' nori said , when he saw me the next morning . 
 he was brewing coffee with a newspaper in one hand , in much the same position as when i first met him . 
 `` i saw the video , too . 
 were you wearing a new lipstick in it ? '' 
 `` a new face , '' i said , accepting the cup he offered me . 
 he seemed cheerful enough , but the distance was still there , impenetrable . 
 `` how was your week ? '' 
 `` a few callbacks , '' he said . 
 `` not going to get excited until they turn into something . '' 
 `` for your audition tapes ? '' 
 i took the milk he offered me and reached over him for the sugar bowl . 
 `` yeah . 
 some mid-sized labels , and one large one . 
 we 'll see what happens . '' 
 he paused for a beat . 
 `` i started looking for some jobs . '' 
 `` like , apart from the tutoring center ? '' 
 `` yeah , kind of . 
 like , office jobs . '' 
 i spilled a little too much cream into the coffee . 
 `` why ? 
 i mean , instead of the tutoring thing ? 
 instead of the band ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` eventually you 've just got to move on . 
 it does n't happen for everyone . 
 i 've always known that . '' 
 `` but ... '' i started , not sure what to say . 
 i knew so little about nori 's music , about his efforts , and the fact pained me . 
 how could i support him if i was n't even sure what he would be giving up ? 
 `` are you sure that 's what you want to do ? '' 
 `` i 'll still play side gigs , sometimes , '' he said . 
 `` when i get the chance . 
 i 'm not going to just stop playing for good . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , nori . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i 've told my parents . 
 my mom gave me the whole do n't - give-up-on-your-dreams speech . 
 my dad said i should do what makes me happy . '' 
 `` that 's good advice . '' 
 `` is it ? 
 i mean , where 's the line between being selfish and staying true to yourself ? 
 god , i hate that expression , '' he added , making a face . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i said . 
 `` i guess people do n't really tell you what to do when you follow your dream and it does n't work out . '' 
 i wanted to add something more encouraging , but felt that anything i said would only ring hollow . 
 `` but you 'll still be able to play gigs sometimes ? '' 
 `` sure , yeah . '' 
 `` nori ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` well , the band probably wo n't last . 
 i mean , the guys need someone who 's fully committed . 
 but who knows . 
 some people make it work . '' 
 i frowned into my mug and considered . 
 `` what kinds of jobs ? '' 
 `` anything that 'll take a college grad who 's been playing in an indie band the past two years . '' 
 `` any interviews ? '' 
 `` a couple . '' 
 `` how do you feel about the jobs ? '' 
 nori shrugged again . 
 `` sorry , i did n't mean to make this a pity party . 
 what are you up to today ? '' 
 `` not much , '' i said , thinking of my computer and all the comedy shows i wanted to catch up on . 
 `` you ? '' 
 `` applying to some jobs , maybe , before my gig later . '' 
 `` hmm . '' 
 i cocked my head . 
 `` so this is like , one of your last real days as a full-time musician ? 
 i mean , if you do end up getting a job . '' 
 `` i suppose . '' 
 `` and you 're going to spend it sending out résumés ? '' 
 nori smiled . 
 `` i suppose . '' 
 `` unacceptable . '' 
 i told him to wait there , and that i 'd be back out in a few minutes . 
 i showered , changed , and came out in a plain skirt and tank top , my hair still dripping wet and barely tamed from the few half-hearted brushstrokes i had given it . 
 nori had changed too , and had his bag slung across one shoulder . 
 `` so what did you have in mind ? '' 
 he said , almost shyly . 
 `` a farewell tour for your music , '' i said . 
 `` if you are set on this whole respectability thing . '' 
 i told him that i thought we could go by some of his old concert spots , and he could show me where he recorded their demos . 
 we could even play them as we walked , i suggested , as nori blushed and fumbled with his phone . 
 `` maybe i have them here , '' he said . 
 `` but you do n't have to do this , ellie . 
 i did n't mean to make you feel obligated or anything -- '' `` nori , stop . 
 i want to . 
 you were so nice to me when i moved out . 
 now it 's my turn , before -- '' i stopped myself before i could finish : before we both moved out , and most likely did n't hang out again . 
 it reminded me of how tenuous our friendship was , built on location and made fragile by misunderstanding and crossed signals . 
 `` okay . 
 but i 'm really going to take you up on the whole listening-to-the-demos thing , '' he warned , holding out one earbud of his headphones . 
 `` you get to hear all of our greatest hits . '' 
 we started by going to the location of nori 's first concert , before drifting back into the parks and streets that were so familiar to us . 
 for awhile we just listened to the music , and when i felt comfortable enough not to comment on every song , we walked in silence , listening , occasionally replaying a song when i signaled this to nori , who always tried to hide his pleasure , or surreptitiously check the name of the track . 
 eventually we began to talk about my work at fabulous urban green living , and i told him about the bouncy-ball chairs , and the meeting room of cushions , and the solemn ceremony that the entire office had attended last thursday , when the building super finally agreed to put in energy-efficient light bulbs . 
 `` walter -- our publisher -- wanted us all there to watch . '' 
 `` what , like , in every room ? '' 
 `` in the entryway , yeah . 
 it was a little awkward . '' 
 `` so he just wanted you guys to go down and what , witness the moment ? '' 
 `` i think he really wanted us to clap at the end , '' i said , remembering the slow clap that walter had tried to start , joined in only by the newest member of the team , a recent grad from boston . 
 `` he 's kind of a cool guy , actually . 
 worked in investment banking for ten years before deciding to start his own magazine . 
 follow his dream . '' 
 i looked sideways at nori , who let the comment drift past him . 
 `` so what about you ? '' 
 nori asked . 
 `` how long do you think you 're going to be exposing evil corporations before you go back to grad school ? '' 
 `` not sure , '' i said , remembering jake 's advice about consulting . 
 maybe i had to take some time to rethink my plan . 
 `` things are going well right now . 
 so maybe i 'll just stick with this for a bit . 
 it 's nice to feel good at something again . 
 have people actually rely on you and care about what you 're doing . '' 
 `` yeah , i get that . '' 
 we walked in silence for a little while longer , listening to a song that seemed to be called , `` in the dark i hear the voices . '' 
 soon it switched over to a softer track , where the instruments faded away and i heard nori 's voice , soft and smooth , singing lyrics about ancient odes and blackened roads . 
 we got bagels for lunch at the café we had eaten at earlier , so many weeks ago . 
 i began to feel that the day was as much a farewell to our own time together , as it was to nori 's music career . 
 as we talked , i thought about all of the ways that our lives could have gone differently , all of the threads that had led us to where we were . 
 nori had followed his dream and was about to move on ; i had bumbled about and was just now trying to figure out my own dream . 
 was he right to give his up ? 
 was i right to pursue mine ? 
 the problem was , i understood the movie-theater answer to the question . 
 pursue your dream at all costs . 
 find your true self . 
 believe in yourself . 
 and once you did , everything would fall into place . 
 but what happened when your dreams were n't enough , like with nori ? 
 or when you were n't even totally sure about what your dreams should be , like with me ? 
 `` come on , '' nori said , as we finished up and cleared away our trash . 
 `` i want to show you the first bench i ever sat on in new york city . '' 
 `` sounds like a landmark . '' 
 `` pretty much . '' 
 he led me west , towards the water , this time with no band songs playing between us . 
 instead we walked on in silence , our arms bumping up against each other , feeling the unseasonable chill of the day and the promise that came with it , of change and autumn and an end to everything that was now . 
 when we got to the park , nori pointed to a chipped wooden bench atop concrete blocks , looking out over the murky water . 
 a teenage couple cleared out just as we approached , and we sat down on one side , soaking in the sun in silence . 
 dogs and baby strollers and couples all passed by , hurrying a little in the chill of the day , and some of the sunbathers packed up as a light drizzle fell , complaining or squealing and dashing towards the subway . 
 `` when i graduated , '' nori said , `` i had a job lined up as an associate at a manufacturing firm . 
 i figured i would spend my last summer playing music , and then enter the real world in the fall . '' 
 `` but you did n't . '' 
 `` no . 
 our band had a pretty good summer , and some gigs lined up . 
 and i started reading up on the business , and thought that hey , maybe we could do this . '' 
 he leaned back , resting his arms on the back of the bench . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 maybe you 're supposed to be stupid when you 're young . '' 
 `` at least you tried something , '' i said . 
 i was hyperaware of his arm just inches from my back , and tried to keep a steady upright posture . 
 `` i mean , the first few years after graduation , i was just working a job that i did n't really care about , because it was the easy thing to do . 
 just drift . '' 
 `` well , maybe i 'll drift for awhile , and you 'll follow your dream , '' nori said , smiling . 
 `` and we can meet up in a bit and figure out who made out better . '' 
 i grinned , mostly pleased at the idea that we would meet up again in the future . 
 nori suggested ice cream , and i followed , over to a truck that was surrounded by a few kids and their reluctant parents . 
 `` ... oh , i know , it 's terrible ! '' 
 one mother said , a slim woman with short black hair and a toddler that was screaming , `` eythe-keem sandwidge ! '' 
 over and over . 
 `` i told todd to switch over to the other brand , what is it , lonely mountain ? 
 i hear they 're all organic , too . '' 
 `` really disappointing , '' agreed the other mother . 
 nori nudged me , and i tried not to laugh . 
 `` i mean , soup ! 
 if you ca n't trust those labels , what can you trust ? '' 
 `` you 're a savior to urban moms everywhere , '' nori told me , as he pulled out his wallet and pushed my hand away . 
 `` nah , come on . 
 for old time 's sake . '' 
 `` i 'm not sure we 've known each other long enough to have an ` old time , '' ' i said . 
 `` seriously , on me . 
 in celebration of your career as an artist . '' 
 `` sounds like a funeral . '' 
 but he let me pay , and i laughed as his order came out -- a long , leaning tower of a popsicle , ringed with six different colors . 
 `` i just hope they used locally-sourced dyes , '' nori said with a straight face , and i nearly snorted up my crunch cone . 
 as the afternoon trailed into evening , nori said he had to set up for his gig that night . 
 `` you should come , '' he said , not quite meeting my eyes as we walked along the water . 
 `` i mean , one of the last chances you 'll have to see me live , i suppose . '' 
 `` i thought you were still going to play , even if you started working . '' 
 `` right . 
 yeah , i guess . '' 
 i asked him what time he was playing , and mentioned i had plans later . 
 `` we 're on late ; maybe 10:15 , 10:30 , depending on how long the other bands go . 
 what time are your plans ? '' 
 `` 7:30 . '' 
 nori checked his watch . 
 `` still a few hours . 
 do you need to go get ready , or do you want to see the place ? 
 it 's actually kind of cool ; it took us awhile to book it . '' 
 this might be my last day with him , i thought . 
 before he goes off to his new life and we both move out . 
 already i could feel the sense of loss , and wanted to say something to prevent it . 
 if only i could just reach across whatever barrier we had both set up , move back to that brief window where something could have happened , a window that i had completely missed until it was too late . 
 `` nori , '' i said . 
 a squeal sounded behind us . 
 i turned , just in time to see a young girl with dark hair rush towards nori , enveloping him in a bear hug . 
 `` i found you ! '' 
 she said , peeking between his arms at me . 
 she was petite and pretty , with a dark tattoo up one side of her neck and a nose piercing that glittered in the falling sun . 
 much the way i had pictured her , actually . 
 `` ellie , this is -- '' `` your girlfriend , '' i finished , and stuck out my hand . 
 the girl grinned and arched her back , looking up at nori . 
 `` ellie , nori 's roommate . '' 
 `` tracy , '' she said . 
 `` are you a singer , too ? '' 
 `` unfortunately not . 
 but you are , right ? '' 
 tracy punched nori in the arm . 
 `` what have you been telling people ? '' 
 she said , with a delighted giggle . 
 nori smiled uneasily and rubbed his shoulder . 
 `` yeah , i am . 
 up-and-coming , though ; nothing like nori . '' 
 i raised my eyebrows , but nori did not explain this . 
 perhaps , i thought , he was better-known in his own scene than he let on . 
 i certainly would n't be surprised . 
 `` ellie was going to come and check out the concert hall , '' nori said . 
 `` before tonight . '' 
 `` they 're really strict about that , actually , '' said tracy , looping one arm through his . 
 `` you have to have a ticket . 
 very exclusive place , '' she told me , simultaneously sizing me up with one sweeping glance . 
 `` i actually have to get going , '' i said . 
 `` get ready for a date . 
 but hey , let me know how it goes , okay ? '' 
 i said , but nori only nodded and turned to tracy , who was whispering something into his ear as she giggled . 
 i hurried home , not looking back . 
 `` you seem distracted , '' jake said , later that night , as we ate at what could only be described as an upscale taco place on the upper west side . 
 `` hmm ? 
 oh , just thinking about work , '' i said . 
 how had tracy and nori met , i wondered . 
 and how long had they known each other ? 
 `` yeah , you 're the talk of the green town , i 'm sure , '' said jake . 
 `` to ellie 's investigative skills . '' 
 `` and to your tips , '' i added , clinking glasses with him . 
 `` jake ... was there ever a time when , i do n't know , you were n't really sure what you wanted to do with your life ? '' 
 `` oh , no , '' he said , pressing one hand to his heart . 
 `` are you going to give me the dream speech ? '' 
 `` the dream speech ? '' 
 `` it 's all that recent graduates talk about . 
 whether they 're following their dreams . 
 whether they chose the right path . 
 whether they 've found their true calling . '' 
 he punctuated each sentence with a small , melodramatic sigh , probably helped by the giant margarita he had already made his way through . 
 `` a few more years in the real world , and you 'll be nice and jaded . 
 wo n't even remember you had such silly thoughts . '' 
 `` did you have them ? '' 
 `` and grew out of them . 
 trust me . 
 best thing to do is keep your nose to the grindstone , take whatever opportunities come your way , and stop asking yourself if that 's your true calling . 
 nobody will tell you that because everybody keeps saying that we have to find that perfect match . 
 to which i say , hogwash ! '' 
 he flagged down the waiter and ordered another round of margaritas . 
 `` you 're not drinking yours , '' he said , as he tipped back his second . 
 `` i did n't offend you , did i ? 
 ah , i did ! 
 ellie has a dream . 
 tell me . '' 
 `` i do n't , '' i said defensively . 
 `` i was asking about a friend . '' 
 `` what , that musician guy ? 
 i 'd like to see him in twenty years . '' 
 `` he went to yale . '' 
 `` all the more stupid of him . 
 he could actually be doing something with his life right now . '' 
 `` he is doing something with his life . 
 he 's -- '' `` wasting the most important years smoking pot and singing bad music ? 
 oh , come on , ellie , i did n't mean anything -- '' `` i 'm tired . 
 i 'll see you later , '' i said , peeling back a few bills from my wallet and setting them down . 
 jake rolled his eyes and began to apologize , even as the group of middle-aged women to our left began to nod their heads in our direction , sipping their wine and growing quiet so as to better eavesdrop . 
 `` lovers ' tiff , '' i heard one whisper , and they all giggled . 
 `` it is not ! '' 
 i said crossly , snatching my jacket from the back of my chair . 
 the women 's faces went cold , and i pushed my way to the front of the narrow restaurant , out into the chilly evening . 
 `` ellie , hold on , '' jake said , catching me as i tried to hail a cab . 
 `` i said something stupid , did n't i ? 
 you ca n't take me seriously . '' 
 he put his hand on my shoulder , trying to turn me towards him . 
 `` ellie ? 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i was just joking around ; i did n't mean to insult you , or your friend . '' 
 `` it 's fine , really , '' i said . 
 i did n't want to be dramatic -lrb- though i had not done myself any favors by storming out of the restaurant -rrb- , and tried to smile back at jake . 
 `` really . 
 sorry i got upset . 
 but i think i 'm going to call it a night . '' 
 he let out a deep breath , his cheeks puffing out with the movement . 
 `` you 're a pretty tough nut to crack , you know ? 
 keep slipping out of my grasp . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry ; i 'm not trying to be . '' 
 `` it 's what girls call hard-to-get , right ? '' 
 `` not really . '' 
 i raised my arm again , and this time a cab honked and flashed its lights , peeling across three lanes of traffic to zip up next to me . 
 `` i 'm sorry , jake . 
 i do n't think i want anything more than friendship right now . '' 
 `` friendship , '' he repeated . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 i opened the cab door , and jake moved to hold it for me . 
 `` i really appreciate everything you 've done for me -- '' `` no problem , '' he said , and shut it behind me . 
 the cab driver watched me in his rearview mirror , waiting for directions . 
 after a ragged breath , i told him i wanted to go home . 
 `` gon na need an address on that , '' he said . 
 chapter 18 -- in which i get to jet set to paris on a real adventure though the soup story refused to die , and pharrah still sent me off for a few more interviews with other magazines -lrb- `` make sure they link back ! '' -rrb- 
 , i insisted on taking on a few more articles , determined to get my mind off of nori and my weekend , as well as make sure i did n't turn into some sort of one-hit wonder . 
 over the course of the next week , i wrote editorials and small write-ups , opinion pieces on new brands and advice columns on how to greenify your personal workplace . 
 staying busy kept my mind off of boys and roommates and dreams -- all the nonsense that i had worried about , basically , since moving to the city . 
 later that week , the post ran a short article about the soup company , and another flurry of activity commenced . 
 `` maybe you could be our designated investigative reporter , '' pharrah mused . 
 `` not if you keep getting her to do short online videos , '' called kate , from her bouncy ball in the opposite corner . 
 but the real surprise came on friday , when walter called me into his `` office '' -- the stairwell of the building -- and asked if i would like to travel that weekend , on official magazine work . 
 `` yes , '' i said , before he could tell me where . 
 i did n't want to run into nori or his girlfriend again , and i thought it might help clear my head to get out for a bit . 
 walter 's face twisted into a smile . 
 `` i 'll have to invite pharrah , of course , or she 'll never forgive me . 
 and i do n't want you to think that we often spring for such expenses ; i 'm actually not a fan of air travel . 
 incredibly wasteful , as you perhaps know . 
 especially international flights ; really dreadful use of fuel , if you ask me . '' 
 `` international ? '' 
 `` yes , '' said walter , beaming . 
 `` to paris . 
 does that sound alright ? 
 i trust you have a passport ? '' 
 `` not on me , '' i said . 
 `` i have to go back to my apartment -- '' he laughed and assured me i 'd have time for that ; we would n't be leaving until the next morning , and he 'd have a car pick me up from my apartment . 
 `` we 'll be touring a few facilities , '' he told me . 
 `` i think fugly -- i mean fabulous urban green living -- may have found its niche . '' 
 `` its niche ? '' 
 `` investigative reporting on green corporations , '' he said brightly . 
 `` of course we want to encourage any company that wishes to go green , but the terms have all become so commercialized , that the public needs a good watchdog to ensure that the labels are used properly . '' 
 i nodded as he expanded on his new vision for the magazine , complete with a remodeled office , new departments , and training programs on tracking and managing leads , `` which , of course , you could have a hand in managing . '' 
 `` paris ! '' 
 kate said , when i told her later that day . 
 `` what a bastard . 
 i 've been with fugly , what , six months now ? 
 i 'm like the third oldest reporter there . '' 
 `` are you really ? '' 
 i said , but kate laughed and shook her head . 
 `` paris , jeez . 
 and he 's going to turn us into an investigative news company ? 
 i 'm sure that 'll work . '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` maybe it 's time for my millionth job in three years . 
 i 'm not sure i 'm cut out for the whole investigation thing . '' 
 `` trust me , i 'm not , either , '' i said , still trying to wrap my head around the international trip i 'd be taking tomorrow . 
 pharrah had sent me details , telling me it 'd be a quick three days and that it would be an `` excellent opportunity for extending our international reach . '' 
 kate made me promise to take pictures and get at least one french boy 's phone number . 
 `` give it to me , if you do n't want it , '' she said , as we made our way back up to the office . 
 `` but i 'm just saying , when else will you have the chance ? '' 
 `` are n't there any international guys on that veggie-date thing you 're on ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she snorted and informed me she had canceled her subscription a week ago , after making her way through the entire , too-small catalogue . 
 and the next morning , i was on a plane to paris . 
 it seemed surreal to me , too easy somehow , like a practical joke that was about to burst and reveal a much starker , plainer reality . 
 but the thing was , even though i knew i should feel differently , all of the changes did n't make me feel any more successful or happy than i had been a few months ago . 
 sure , i was happy to be in the city , and working on a career that seemed to be leading me somewhere . 
 but i was no closer to understanding if i was actually on the path i wanted to be on , and felt somewhat like a fraud as pharrah talked excitedly with the publisher about the ethical companies we 'd be meeting with . 
 i did n't care about this stuff , not really . 
 did that come later ? 
 maybe i just had to keep going through the motions , until it all felt real . 
 that 's what jake had said , anyway , and he was certainly a lot more successful than i was . 
 maybe that 's what all successful people did -- fake their interest until they really felt it . 
 everyone else , the people who followed their dreams , either got lucky or became disillusioned . 
 or both . 
 maybe if you followed your dream , you realized you were just chasing something else that , at the end of the day , did n't fulfill you . 
 maybe , i thought , pressing my fingernails into my palms , i should stop whining and just appreciate the fact that i was a new journalist for a green-living magazine that had the fortune to be flown out to paris . 
 history and grad school could come later . 
 maybe i was only clinging to them because they were in my past , and familiar . 
 and what i needed to do was look boldly forward , and write more editorials on unethical soup companies , or something . 
 when we landed , i checked my email on pharrah 's computer . 
 `` you 've got to be kidding me , '' i said softly , and pharrah looked up sharply . 
 `` do you have a lead ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` what ? 
 oh , no . 
 sorry . '' 
 i clicked the computer shut . 
 i had made it to the interview round for one of the fellowships . 
 international travel , it turned out , was not quite the glamorous , luxurious experience that i had imagined . 
 grateful as i was to be in paris , i had little time to myself . 
 instead , i was shepherded from hotel room to business meeting and back , in a whirlwind of new faces and exchanged business cards that ended with me curling up , exhausted , in bed each night , wishing to order a regular american coffee . 
 i had left my phone at home , afraid of excess international charges , a move that pharrah promptly informed me was unnecessary and foolish . 
 i had n't brought the proper charger for my computer , either , and after a few hours of checking emails and setting up the fellowship interview , i resigned myself to a weekend free of technology , at least until i could slip off to the hotel business room . 
 `` it 's wonderful , is n't it , '' said walter , on our last night there , as pharrah and i joined him in the hotel restaurant for our final meal . 
 `` the vision for our magazine is finally coming together . '' 
 `` you deserve it , walter , '' said pharrah . 
 i noticed for the first time how she had dressed up , her hair pulled back into a sleek bun , a long and glittering necklace fastened about her neck . 
 i wondered if walter had noticed at all , and just how long pharrah had been trying to impress him . 
 `` the name will have to change , of course , '' he continued , beaming at pharrah . 
 `` but it should n't be too much trouble . 
 in fact , i think we could use next week to announce it . '' 
 `` next week ? '' 
 i asked , looking from pharrah to walter and back . 
 even though i had been invited first on the trip , it seemed to me that i had been a third wheel the entire weekend , not privy to some of the behind-the-scenes machinations that pharrah and walter were always retiring to work on . 
 now they exchanged a small smile . 
 `` we 're going to have a party next weekend , '' pharrah said . 
 `` inviting big industry people . 
 including a lot of the parisians . '' 
 `` i 'm sure they would n't mind a hop over to new york , '' said walter , as if that sort of hopping was habitual for them . 
 `` walter 's been looking for a moment to change the direction of the magazine , '' said pharrah , looking with admiration towards him . 
 `` and you 've given it to me , ellie ! 
 i 'm inspired . 
 and very grateful . '' 
 `` i 'm not sure how much i 've done , '' i said , a bit shyly . 
 pharrah made a noise of impatience . 
 `` pet peeve of mine , '' she said , her face a little red from the wine . 
 `` i do n't know why all girls feel the need to discredit every compliment that comes their way . '' 
 `` i 'm not trying to ; it 's just that i got a tip -- '' `` everyone gets tips ! '' 
 said pharrah , waving her arms . 
 walter nodded . 
 `` everyone has help . 
 but you followed the whole thing through , ellie . 
 just own it . '' 
 she leaned forward and squeezed my arm , enunciating each word slowly . 
 `` shut up and own it . '' 
 `` noted , '' i said , a small smile curving the corners of my lips . 
 she nodded and leaned back , and began to talk excitedly with walter about the party preparations , which apparently were already in full swing back in the city . 
 our flight was the next afternoon , so i had one morning to myself -- a morning where i walked around the small neighborhood we were lodged in , dipping into a café and embarrassing myself until i managed to get an espresso . 
 a cute , slightly effeminate parisian boy translated for me , and i made sure to get his number for kate , a request that seemed to confuse him . 
 `` a friend ! '' 
 i said , louder , as if that would break through the language barrier . 
 `` but ... in new york ? '' 
 he said , in his heavy accent . 
 `` oh . 
 right . 
 well , planes , '' i said , and handed him a pen . 
 it was only as i circled back towards the hotel that i thought again about the magazine , and what pharrah had said . 
 perhaps i was selling myself a bit short . 
 after all , despite all my reticence , i had met quite a few people on the trip , a great deal of whom had read more than one of my articles , and seemed just as pleased to meet me as i was them . 
 and then i thought of walter , and his own dream for the magazine . 
 how long had it taken him to work up the courage to quit his lucrative career , and start a new one ? 
 to take his entire identity in that line of work , rip it up , and create a different one for himself ? 
 i wondered if i would be able to do it , if i continued on at the magazine . 
 if i just kept going with the flow , like i had for the first three years since graduating college . 
 certainly not without a plan . 
 because dreams were n't just all about careers -- whether you were a writer or a musician , a consultant or investment banker . 
 they were also about who you wanted to become . 
 the type of person that you developed into , how you prioritized your life and your goals . 
 somehow , i had expected those things to work themselves out after graduation , but i was coming to realize that they never would , not unless i had a purpose , and a plan . 
 and who was jake , or anyone for that matter , to hear my ideas and disparage them ? 
 i had to be open to criticism , of course , but i had thought long and hard about grad school , longer than jake certainly had when he had laughed off the idea . 
 if i thought it was the best idea for me , even if it went against conventional wisdom , then i should do it . 
 and nori should too , i thought , as i walked back into the hotel to collect my bags . 
 even if the rest of the world thought it was time for him to get a real job and follow a more conventional path . 
 i wanted to tell him that , but i was an ocean away , without a phone or even the time to get to the business center in the hotel . 
 well , my own epiphanies would have to be enough . 
 i was done drifting and letting my life happen to me . 
 i wanted something , and i was going to go get it . 
 chapter 19 -- nori sells out when i got back , nori told me he had gotten a job . 
 `` with another manufacturing company , '' he said , unnaturally cheery . 
 `` in their accounting department . 
 i know a little bit , from doing the band 's . 
 i mean , it 's a completely different industry , of course , but should be interesting . '' 
 `` for sure , '' i said . 
 i told him about the fellowship interview , and my decision to somehow , at some point or another , go to grad school . 
 already i had begun to draw myself a plan , complete with deadlines and potential semester start dates . 
 it was too late to go this year , but with recommendations in hand , it would only take a little extra effort to research some schools and start putting together my application . 
 `` that 's really great , el , '' nori said . 
 `` i think you 're going to do really well in school . 
 seriously . '' 
 lisbeth had walked in soon after , quizzing me about furniture preferences and move-out strategies for our new place . 
 at work , i handed kate the number of the french boy , which she took with a flourish and a promise to call him as soon as she learned some french . 
 everyone was busy planning the party that walter had announced , whispering about the change in direction of the magazine , which all welcomed with open arms except one boy on the editorial team , who was particularly fond of his `` green on the street '' profiles . 
 `` oh , hudson , you can still do them , '' pharrah finally snapped , after which the boy brightened and began to offer some input on the catering services his team was debating about . 
 at night , i began to chart out my grad school applications , budgeting for the application fees and making lists of each specific item i would need for each school . 
 i narrowed it down to five or six and emailed my old advisor to get his input . 
 when he heard i had a fellowship interview , he responded enthusiastically , and offered to set up a mock interview one night that week . 
 the week passed in a blur of preparations , both for the party and my fellowship interview . 
 the scandal about the great green soup company took backstage , though pharrah still had me write updates every so often , insisting that the traffic on the site was still booming , and that we had to stoke it for as long as we could before the magazine announced a new name , purpose , and design at the party that friday . 
 the fellowship interview was scheduled for friday afternoon , and i asked pharrah for the time off , deciding to blame a dentist appointment . 
 i did n't want everyone in the office to know what i was applying for , or to ask me about it if it did n't work out . 
 `` oh , honestly ! '' 
 said pharrah . 
 `` can you wait ? '' 
 `` uh , no . 
 very important ... tooth thing , '' i said . 
 behind pharrah , i saw kate try not to crack up laughing . 
 out of the entire office , she was the only one who knew my plans . 
 `` fine . 
 but do n't be late ! 
 walter would kill me . '' 
 the mock interview passed , with my advisor encouraging me to speak more openly about my experiences at the nonprofit and the magazine . 
 he laughed when i told him that i still felt like i was figuring things out , and that i was n't sure that everything neatly pointed to where i wanted to go in the future . 
 `` that 's how it is with most people , ellie , '' he assured me . 
 `` even when they 're my age ! 
 it 's perfectly alright to change direction . '' 
 i hope so , i thought , as i entered the intimidating fellowship office in midtown the next day . 
 i sat in a small waiting room with other sharply-dressed candidates , my résumé clutched in my hands , smiling at the boy who leaned over and started telling me about his last few years traveling to africa and india , building a startup that funded needed surgeries for orphans . 
 `` nonprofits , too , '' i said quickly , when he asked me what my line of work was . 
 `` ellie , '' said the secretary , looking up from her desk . 
 `` ellie carter ? '' 
 `` here . '' 
 i jumped up and cleared my throat . 
 this was it , i thought . 
 here we go . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 my mother said , when i called her a few hours later . 
 `` did it go well or not ? '' 
 `` i ca n't tell , '' i said , still breathless from the adrenaline . 
 i was glad to be done , and out of that stuffy office , and away from the other well-dressed interviewees who kept preening themselves out in the waiting room . 
 `` i mean , they asked me a lot of questions , and they pushed pretty hard on my job experience . '' 
 `` does that mean they did n't think you were a good fit ? '' 
 `` i do n't know ; i 've read that they can push people who are serious candidates . 
 you know , kind of test them . '' 
 `` well , whatever happens , ellie , i 'm proud of you . '' 
 `` thanks , mom . '' 
 i circled around the block , not quite ready to disappear down the subway stairs . 
 `` how 's home ? '' 
 `` we 're remodeling , actually . 
 you 'll have quite the shock at christmas , i 'm sure . 
 oh , for heaven 's sake , hold on -- '' i heard her berating our dog in the background , something about `` slippers '' and `` every single time . '' 
 `` ellie ? '' 
 `` yup , still here . '' 
 `` you have a party tonight , do n't you ? 
 for the magazine ? '' 
 `` yeah ; our boss is going to reveal the new name . '' 
 i was hoping for another impressive acronym . 
 `` be safe . 
 and tell me when you hear back ! '' 
 we said our good-byes and hung up , and i circled once more , inhaling the late summer air and running over the questions again in my mind . 
 i had handled myself fairly well , i thought , answering the questions as best i could , not hiding my weaknesses but not apologizing for them , either . 
 if they did n't want me for the fellowship , it would be because i was n't the right match . 
 not because i had failed some important test of character or interview etiquette -- i had put everything on the line , and there was nothing more to be done . 
 `` you 'll hear back soon , '' the portly man who had led the panel of questioners told me , as i left . 
 `` within the week . '' 
 i briefly pictured myself on another international flight , this one to england . 
 there would be more worries about phones and chargers , about foreign currency and suitable apartments . 
 i probably would n't be able to find a cheap cup of coffee anywhere . 
 but , even as i tried to talk myself down , starting the process of indifference that i always put myself through after finishing an application , my heart swelled and my brain began to form images of the myriad possibilities of that path , that life . 
 for a moment the world felt limitless , still full of avenues that i had once thought were forever closed to me . 
 i took the subway home , and got ready for the party . 
 pharrah had drilled into all of our heads the presence of an event photographer , warning us that promotional photos would be taken , and that we showed up at our own risk . 
 i spent awhile picking out a cute black dress and matching heels , layering on a gold necklace and dangling earrings that , lisbeth said when i asked her , `` looked pretty good . '' 
 nori had called me , but when i tried to call back , i only got his voicemail . 
 `` hey ! 
 just had my fellowship interview ; heading out for the magazine thing . 
 text me . 
 or i 'll see you later . 
 either one . '' 
 i hung up before i could blather on any further , remembering why i rarely left voicemails . 
 we were each given a few extra tickets to the party , and i had invited along tina and vanessa -lrb- as well as lisbeth , who had an art show to go to -rrb- . 
 at the last second , i had suggested nori come , too , and texted claire just to prove to myself there was n't anything special about it . 
 neither of my roommates had responded , and so i hurried off to the subway . 
 the party was in a midtown restaurant , a library-turned-bistro that served sandwiches and italian food in bite-sized portions that circled the perimeter on a loop of trays . 
 walter had rented the roof , too , a quieter spot away from the open bar where walter stood talking eagerly with a few men in suits . 
 i wandered about , trying to find a friendly coworker i recognized . 
 `` ellie , over here ! '' 
 i heard , and kate waved to me from the balcony . 
 vanessa and tina surrounded her , and a group of young guys stood a few feet off , sipping beers and trying to figure out how to make their move . 
 i gave them a broad smile as i walked past and joined my friends . 
 `` walter still has n't revealed the new name , '' kate grumbled , glancing at the poster covered by a white tablecloth . 
 `` i really think he 's making too big a deal out of the whole thing . 
 nothing is going to top fugly . '' 
 `` i ca n't believe you went to paris ! '' 
 tina said enviously . 
 `` i will never , ever be taken to paris on work . 
 the furthest i go is new jersey . '' 
 `` wrong line of work , '' said vanessa , sighing . 
 `` did you say there were any openings in the company ? '' 
 we chatted for a bit , watching as guests filtered onto the roof , were told the bar was downstairs , and filtered back down . 
 evelyn was among the guests , and stopped by to say hi briefly , while i spotted jake from afar , and ducked behind the others until he had gone . 
 a few of our coworkers also joined us , boys who wanted introductions to tina and vanessa or girls who came to speculate on the new name , asking us if we had bothered to take a peek . 
 `` pharrah 's guarding it like a hawk , '' kate said , sipping her wine and nodding towards pharrah , standing in a long black dress next to the tablecloth that covered our new name . 
 `` ellie ? '' 
 i turned , my grin suddenly freezing . 
 `` nori ? '' 
 he was wearing a dark , thinly cut suit , looking a bit uncomfortable as he tugged at the cuffs and shifted from side to side . 
 his dark hair was slicked back , and a nervous smile spread over his face . 
 `` sorry , tried to warn you , '' he said . 
 `` that i was taking you up on your invitation . '' 
 `` that 's fine , '' i said , struggling to quell my surprise . 
 it was the suit that threw me off , i decided . 
 it was like i was not talking to my roommate nori , comfortable friend and fellow dreamer . 
 he felt more a stranger , and i more reticent . 
 `` do you want to go grab a drink ? '' 
 he said , nodding towards the sodas in a bucket on the far end . 
 `` definitely . '' 
 i quickly moved away from my friends , before kate could make a joke or wiggle her eyebrows , and send my nerves firing even faster . 
 stop acting like such a schoolgirl , i chided myself . 
 i had , after all , invited nori . 
 i had invited him and he had shown up . 
 `` how 's your girlfriend ? '' 
 i asked , with forced casualness , trying to bring myself back to reality . 
 `` yeah , well , '' he said , clearing his throat . 
 `` it 's something i wanted to talk to you about , actually . 
 that and a couple of other things . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 we had paused a few feet away from the drink bucket , near one of the small balconies lined with hanging plants . 
 he stood just inches from me , facing the busy street and lights below . 
 `` well , first , '' he said , turning towards me , with both a breezy casualness and slight catch in his voice , `` tracy was never my girlfriend . 
 we just went for coffee a few times . '' 
 `` she was n't ? 
 i mean , you did ? '' 
 i smacked my forehead as i remembered calling her that in front of him . 
 `` so when i said at the park -- '' `` it 's fine , '' nori said quickly . 
 `` i did n't want her to get the wrong idea . 
 we stopped seeing each other after that day . 
 i told her i was n't really interested . '' 
 he looked away again as he said this , out towards the street , and i followed his gaze . 
 i thought i could detect a faint cologne on him , something subtle and sweet . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said . 
 `` no , no , that 's not , '' he started , taking a deep breath . 
 `` okay . 
 two things , ellie . 
 and i 'll just say them and get them over with , because they 're important and i want you to know . '' 
 `` okay , '' i said , letting my hair fall over my face as i looked down at the street . 
 butterflies multiplied in my stomach , and i felt a warmth in my chest that made me fear my voice would shake , should i try to say anything more . 
 behind us , the roof had begun to fill up , with chattering couples and boisterous groups that drowned out our low conversation . 
 nori turned to me , and i forced myself to meet his eyes . 
 they were dark , and sweet , and probing , searching for the response in mine . 
 `` first , i just wanted you to know . 
 we got a callback . 
 a big callback . 
 we 're signed . '' 
 `` you 're what ? 
 nori , what ? 
 since when ? '' 
 `` that 's the easy part , '' he said , raking one hand through his hair . 
 `` um , just in the past few days . 
 so i 'm not taking a job . 
 not quite yet . '' 
 `` but that 's fantastic ! '' 
 i blurted out , and moved to hug him . 
 a pain went through me as he stepped back . 
 `` sorry , one more thing , '' he said , and now he looked down at the ground , clearing his throat again and pulling once more at his cuffs . 
 `` ellie , i like you . 
 i 've liked you almost since i first met you . 
 i do n't know why i said almost ; that makes it sound like there was a time i did n't . '' 
 he took another deep breath , pausing just a beat to see if i would say anything . 
 i opened my mouth , but no sound came out . 
 my stomach was burning , now , and i did n't trust myself to speak . 
 `` i wanted to ask you out , but since we were roommates -- and then you got so busy , and it seemed like i had lost my shot . '' 
 he took one more deep breath and let out the rest in a rush . 
 `` i guess what i 'm saying is , if i have n't lost it , i want to take it . 
 i want to take my shot with you . 
 i think you 're an amazing girl , and i think i can make you happy . 
 i hope you 'll let me try . '' 
 he had leaned closer as he spoke , and i had remained frozen , unable and unwilling to pull away . 
 it seemed i had been given everything all at once , so much good fortune that it was paralyzing , almost painful . 
 `` nori , '' i said softly , and his hand reached forward to wrap itself in mine , warm and dry and comforting . 
 `` well , well , if it 's not the belle of the ball ! '' 
 a drunk voice cried with delight . 
 nori and i sprang apart . 
 i turned to see jake striding my way , slightly wobbly , a wide grin spread across his face . 
 `` jake ? '' 
 i said , surprised , as he enclosed me in a giant bear hug . 
 `` slippery ellie ! '' 
 he said back . 
 i could smell the liquor on him , and looked over , panicked , to nori . 
 but nori was not looking at me ; he had taken a step backwards , his face blushing a deep red . 
 `` jake , if you do n't mind -- '' `` oh , your roommate , i 'm sorry , '' jake said , drawing himself up . 
 `` hello , sir ! 
 nice to see you again . '' 
 `` nori , '' i said , as i tried to disengage myself from jake 's hands . 
 `` i should have realized , '' he said , with a small , embarrassed smile . 
 `` my bad , ellie . 
 i guess my timing 's really off , huh ? '' 
 `` hold on a second ! '' 
 i said , as jake 's arm snaked around me and turned me towards the balcony . 
 he began to expound loudly upon the merits of that particular neighborhood , including the average apartment price and cost per square foot . 
 `` let go , '' i said , finally slipping from his grip . 
 but it was too late -- nori had disappeared . 
 i cursed and hurried back over to kate and the others . 
 `` have you seen nori ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` who ? '' 
 said tina . 
 `` black hair , a little taller than me , wearing a suit ... oh , never mind ! '' 
 i said , turning away from their blank stares . 
 in the middle of the roof , walter was tapping his wine glass with his fork , calling for a toast . 
 i ran towards the door , smacking into evelyn on the way . 
 `` ellie ! '' 
 she said , as i apologized and tried to move past her . 
 `` just who i wanted to see . '' 
 `` thanks , evelyn ; listen , i 'd love to talk , but i actually -- '' `` did you know , '' she said , clutching my arm in her hand , an iron grip holding me in place . 
 the crowd was slow to quiet down ; walter tapped a bit faster on the glass , and looked to pharrah impatiently . 
 `` i almost did n't trust you . '' 
 `` well , i 'm glad you did , '' i said , trying and failing to pull away . 
 `` because jake referred you , '' she continued . 
 i thought she might have been slightly buzzed , if not drunk . 
 `` he told you that we used to date ? '' 
 `` he mentioned it , yes . '' 
 evelyn shook her head , and with a strangled note of exasperation , i waited for her to finish . 
 `` he only wanted my contacts , if you can believe it . 
 my business contacts . 
 he wanted to be introduced to this person , and that person , and when i did n't have anyone else to introduce him to , he dumped me like that . '' 
 she snapped her fingers . 
 `` that was back when i was with another firm . 
 and so i meet up with him a few weeks ago , and he starts hitting on me again . 
 and i think , it 's probably so he can get to know the new people at the company , right ? 
 find more business for his consultancy . '' 
 she hiccupped , and adjusted her grip as i tried to take a step back . 
 `` so i told him exactly why he did n't want my company as a client . 
 and he backed off really fast . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said , and i meant it . 
 i momentarily stopped struggling to pat her on the shoulder , wishing she had come to me at some other time , wishing that jake had n't been such a complete jerk , and most of all wishing that i still had time to catch nori . 
 `` oh , it 's fine , '' she said , releasing me . 
 `` i thought maybe he 'd try the same thing on you , that 's all . '' 
 i hugged her . 
 evelyn seemed surprised ; now it was her turn to pat me on my back , and i muttered something to her about friday night drinks , thinking how i would have to pay more attention to those around me , people who were lonely and hurt and just as lost as i sometimes felt . 
 `` i 'm really sorry , evelyn , but i 've got to go , '' i said , just as the roof began to quiet down . 
 evelyn , still looking surprised , nodded and moved away from the stairwell , which i dashed down just as walter began his speech . 
 nori was nowhere to be found downstairs ; i circled three times , and even waited creepily outside the boy 's bathroom for a minute , just in case i caught him there . 
 then i rushed into the street , dialing nori . 
 the call went straight to voicemail . 
 cursing , i tried lisbeth . 
 she answered on the second try . 
 `` whoa , slow down , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm at the art show ; i told you i could n't make it . '' 
 i took a deep breath . 
 `` no , i 'm trying to find nori . 
 do you know where he is ? '' 
 `` he was supposed to drop by . 
 maybe he 's -- '' `` he did , but he left . 
 do you know if he had a gig tonight ? '' 
 `` oh , yeah . 
 he did . '' 
 she gave me the address , and asked , with a sly note in her voice , `` so is it happening , then ? 
 the two of you ? '' 
 `` i 'll call you later , '' i said , and darted into the subway . 
 chapter 20 -- in which i end a fancy party by taking off my heels and sprinting through the streets i came out on a busy corner in little italy , pushing my way past legions of yuppies and hipsters as i chanted the address to myself . 
 my feet began to ache , and just as i rounded the bend , lisbeth called . 
 `` i 'm really sorry , ellie , '' she said , `` but i just checked , and i got the address wrong . 
 where are you now ? '' 
 i told her , trying to keep the annoyance out of my voice and reminding myself that she was , after all , doing me a favor . 
 `` right . 
 um , well , it 's about ten blocks north . 
 two west . 
 and they close the doors at 9:00 p.m. something about capacity and fire safety , i 'm not sure -- '' i swore loudly , and a few teenagers nearby broke into loud , hearty laughs . 
 `` sorry . 
 i called as soon as i could . '' 
 `` no , thanks , lisbeth . 
 really . 
 i owe you , '' i said , hanging up once more . 
 i checked my phone , noting the time and then the estimated distance to the club . 
 no way i was making it , not if i followed google 's estimated walking speed . 
 oh , why could n't nori just pick up his phone ! 
 he could n't be playing yet , not so soon after he showed up to my own party . 
 alright , i said to myself , pulling off my heels and trying not to think of all of the different things that had , at some point or another , graced the sidewalk . 
 i had on a pair of pantyhose that provided faint protection from the warm pavement . 
 if i 'm doing this , i 'd better make it . 
 this ca n't be for nothing . 
 i took off sprinting . 
 it did not feel very much like the end of a romantic movie , perhaps because it did not feel like an end to me , but a beginning . 
 the entire summer had been a whirlwind -- the move , the new job , the new friends , the strange twists and turns that my life had suddenly taken , after three years of calm waters . 
 and now here i was , running down manhattan sidewalks , trying to get to an indie concert before it closed in order to find the indie boy i had feelings for , so we could both walk boldly into our new beginnings together . 
 `` excuse me ! 
 sorry ! '' 
 i shouted , ducking past a couple that swung their arms up and over my head . 
 my purse bounced against my side , and i swerved left and right as the pedestrian lights allowed , watching the minutes tick by mercilessly on my phone . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 i shouted , at the bouncer who was checking his watch outside the club . 
 i stumbled up , out of breath and slightly dizzy . 
 `` do n't worry ; you still have three minutes , '' he said , with a big , toothy grin , and motioned me inside . 
 `` nice shoes . '' 
 `` right , '' i said , and paused briefly to slip them back on , before hobbling inside the dark club . 
 my heart was pounding in my chest , and my hair had come undone , falling in loose waves around my face . 
 orange and yellow lights lit the room , congregated around the sleek , long bar and the stage already crowded with people . 
 a dj was on stage , perhaps the warm-up act , and i pressed my way forward , suddenly unsure of my game plan or how to find nori in the entire mess . 
 elbows jostled me left and right , and i stumbled once in my heels , grabbing the arm of a girl who looked at me sideways , clutching her purse closer . 
 `` sorry ! '' 
 i said , recovering . 
 `` where 's the band ? '' 
 `` which one ? '' 
 i racked my memory for the name . 
 `` vertical ocean ? '' 
 `` vertical river ? '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 she giggled , perhaps taking me for an overeager groupie . 
 `` you can try the backstage door , '' she said , pointing towards the back , `` but it 's probably locked . '' 
 i took off again . 
 `` excuse me ! '' 
 i repeated , pushing my way past a gaggle of blonde girls laughing nearby . 
 a man dressed in black leaned against the stage stairs , a grin on his face as he said that no , unfortunately he could n't let them in , and what did they want to meet musicians for anyway ? 
 `` i need to go in there ! '' 
 i said , crashing my way through the blondes . 
 the man stood up , confused . 
 `` i ca n't let anyone back there , '' he began uncertainly . 
 `` my roommate , '' i said . 
 `` he 's in vertical ocean -- river -- i need to just , '' i said , taking a step towards the door . 
 the man did n't block me , though he shrugged his shoulders and looked a bit chagrined . 
 `` i 'm not actually ... '' he said , clearing his throat . 
 the door opened , and a boy with shaggy brown hair appeared . 
 before he had even stepped out , i pushed past him , down into the hallway lit with low floor lights . 
 i slowed as i went , aware of how crazy-groupie i now looked . 
 i did n't want to attract any unwanted attention -lrb- or , worse , a group of bandmates who took it upon themselves to escort me back out -rrb- . 
 `` joe ! '' 
 i said with relief , spotting the tall bandmate . 
 he had a paperback in his hand , and looked up , surprised . 
 `` ellie ? '' 
 why did he look so suspicious , i thought , and my cheeks flushed . 
 `` i know i should n't be back here , '' i started guiltily . 
 `` i just -- i mean , have you seen nori ? '' 
 `` what do you want to talk to him about ? '' 
 asked joe , closing his book and crossing his arms . 
 `` i thought he went to go talk to you . '' 
 `` he did , but i did n't get to answer . '' 
 `` he said that you -- '' i cut him off , and quickly explained what had happened on the roof , complete with jake 's untimely interruption and the struggles i had making it out of the party . 
 the suspicious look slowly faded , replaced by a large , mischievous grin . 
 `` well , jeez ! '' 
 joe said . 
 `` stop talking to me , then . 
 he 's out back , that way . 
 make sure he 's back in time for our set -- '' `` thanks , joe ! '' 
 i called , rushing past to the back door . 
 i stepped over a lounging boy flipping through a magazine and brushed past two girls fiddling with the smoke alarm . 
 then i had pushed open the door , and stumbled out into the cool night . 
 a boy in a slim suit jumped up , spinning quickly . 
 `` ellie ? '' 
 he said , and stepped forward into the low light from the lamp attached above the door . 
 i froze , suddenly shy . 
 `` nori , '' i said , and the memory of his hand in mine flashed before me . 
 `` where 's jake ? '' 
 he said , looking over my shoulder , as if the consultant would step out from behind the door . 
 `` not here . 
 listen , nori , we were n't -- i mean , we 're not dating . 
 jake and i . 
 we went on a few dates , i mean , but we stopped . 
 he did n't come to the party with me . '' 
 my god , why could n't i speak straight ! 
 `` he did n't ? '' 
 nori said . 
 i could n't read his expression ; all i knew was that he was right in front of me again , and that i had found him , and that i somehow had to convince him that i felt the same way , about everything he had said . 
 `` no , '' i said . 
 more words needed to be said , hundreds of them , thousands , but instead i was staring into nori 's dark eyes , out alone in the cool night , in my party dress and heels and slightly torn pantyhose , my heart thundering in my chest as he took another step closer . 
 `` so , '' he said , hesitating . 
 `` you 're not dating anyone ? '' 
 `` no one . '' 
 `` and when i said ... '' he cleared his throat . 
 one more step closer , and i reached out for his fingers , which twined again in my mine . 
 he looked up quickly into my eyes , questioning . 
 `` i like you , too , '' i whispered , but i had only gotten out the first three words before he kissed me -- slow and sweet , long and gentle . 
 nori missed the band 's first call , but joe , after some loud throat-clearing and knocking , poked his head into the alley and said , laughing that they had to go . 
 i started guiltily , and nori looked up with a grin , telling him he 'd be right there . 
 `` are you staying for the show ? '' 
 nori said , his arms wrapped around my shoulders . 
 the big , goofy grin was still spread across his face -lrb- and my own -rrb- . 
 `` sure , '' i said , not wanting him to let go , not just yet . 
 `` come on . '' 
 he took me by the hand and led me back inside . 
 `` there 's a spot you can watch from , backstage . 
 we 'll go out for coffee later . '' 
 `` coffee ? '' 
 `` or whatever you 'd like . 
 there 's an all-night diner down the street . 
 they have strawberry-cream cheese pancakes . 
 i thought of you when i saw it , '' he said , as we picked our way , still holding hands , past the other musicians . 
 `` sounds perfect . '' 
 chapter 21 -- in which i find a happily ever after -lrb- for now -rrb- certainly i never thought , when i first made the move out to new york city just a few short months ago , that i 'd soon have a new -lrb- second -rrb- apartment , a new job , a new boyfriend , and a new adventure waiting for me around the corner . 
 i got the news about the fellowship just three days later , days punctuated by breakfasts and dinners and long walks with nori , who , thankfully for our roommates ' sakes , had already moved out of our small apartment and in with his friend . 
 `` good or bad ? '' 
 nori said , as i made a noise of surprise one day over breakfast , at a café near my office . 
 i showed him the email , and he leapt up to hug me . 
 `` wait , i have to read it again , '' i said , laughing and pulling away . 
 i needed to make sure there was no mention of `` waitlist '' after the effusive congratulations . 
 it seemed almost too much happiness in so short a period of time . 
 in just twelve months , i would be off to england , for a one-year graduate program in history -- provided , of course , that i made it into an approved university , a fact that nori seemed to take for granted . 
 `` you got the fellowship , and that 's the tough part , '' he said . 
 the summer was ending , but my new life just seemed to be getting started . 
 suddenly , the world seemed so full of possibilities , that it was hard to believe it was the same one i had been living in just a few short months ago . 
 the magazine had a new name , too -- green living news first , impossible to make an acronym out of , but , walter said , an excellent new brand -- he was particularly proud of the `` first '' inserted in the title . 
 i did n't want to be in journalism forever , but i figured , as long as i was still interested in starting my own consultancy down the line , that it would n't hurt to make connections and get to know the industry . 
 at least i 'd do a more ethical job of it than jake , and as a journalist , i would be paid to talk to people . 
 and then there was nori . 
 sweet , sensitive nori , whose real name was norton , who had apparently been christened with his nickname not long after the formation of the band . 
 nori , who showed me his tentative touring schedule and some of the artists signed with his label , who grinned wide every time their band 's manager called to give them an update about their album , soon to be in the works . 
 `` fame 's already going to your head , is it ? '' 
 i would joke , as he would get off the phone and laugh , telling me i had permission to knock him down a peg if that ever happened . 
 `` but do n't worry : i have no intentions of letting it , '' he said one of those days , sweeping me up into his arms and kissing me gently . 
 `` i think we should be more on guard about the jet setting career woman right here . '' 
 `` who , me ? '' 
 i said , laughing . 
 nori 's phone buzzed . 
 `` your manager again ? '' 
 `` sister , actually , '' nori said , kissing me once again before pulling away . 
 nori 's twin sister , i had recently learned , had attended yale with him , and was now working a tech job out in seattle . 
 `` livia ? 
 hey . 
 just here with ellie . 
 livia says hi , '' he said to me , wrapping one arm around my shoulder . 
 i leaned back against him , dreaming of new possibilities . 
 final notes thank you for reading ellie . 
 to explore this and other worlds by margaret windsor , visit www.margaretwindsor.com . 
 to learn about the latest new releases , sign up for margaret windsor 's newsletter here . 
 read on for an exclusive excerpt of book 2 of the beyond ivy series , livia . 
 exclusive excerpt of livia after breaking up with her fiancé , 24-year-old livia moves in with mrs. belshire , a rich widow in a giant , dilapidated house in queen anne . 
 the meddling mrs. belshire has plans for livia -- namely , marrying her off to the first eligible bachelor she can find . 
 suddenly trapped in a world of love letters , mistaken intentions , and old-school courtship , livia must figure out what -- or who -- she wants . 
 prologue it seemed that just when everything was supposed to be coming together , it all fell apart . 
 i did n't want to admit it , though , either to myself or to my parents or to my brother , who had just started his own romance with a girl back east , and finally signed with a label for his indie band . 
 i downplayed it all as best i could -- yes , evan and i broke up ; yes , i 'm fine ; no -lrb- to my mother -rrb- , i 'm not going to keep the ring . 
 i did n't want the people around me to mirror the tragedy , to reflect my own despair back to me . 
 i wanted them to act normal , to remind me how exactly that was supposed to feel . 
 i wanted their happiness to rub off on me , to prove that the way forward was not quite as empty as it felt . 
 a fitting start to my adult life , i suppose . 
 but everything really changed when i first pulled up to the mansion . 
 1 . 
 the old mansion one of the worst parts about breaking up with my fiancé was moving out . 
 i had loved our downtown apartment , with its view of the grey streets and white skies near the pier . 
 i had loved it despite its smallness , its beige and scraggly carpet , its curmudgeonly appearance in winter , when the wide windows would fog up and the heater would start to smell like smoke . 
 evan was n't staying , either -- i do n't think either one of us could have handled it , continuing to live in what became the mausoleum of our relationship . 
 evan moved in with friends ; i found a cheap place in queen anne , a rented room in an old mansion . 
 my friend joanna had checked the place for me , as i had been home for the past few weeks , using up all my vacation time so i could sit in my parents ' living room , crying on the couch as my mother ordered pizza and my father nervously tried to make small talk . 
 it had n't done much to convince them i was alright . 
 `` creepy '' and `` weird '' was how joanna had described the place , asking me why i did n't want to just sublet for the next eight months , and move in with her later , when her lease came up . 
 `` but it is a sublet , '' i pointed out . 
 `` well , i mean one where you 're not sharing a house with an old lady , '' she had said . 
 but the room was furnished and cheap , and joanna had sent me pictures that seemed passable , so i mailed off my check and took the place . 
 `` this is it , '' joanna said , parking her car out in front of the dilapidated house . 
 `` oh , '' i said faintly . 
 `` told you . '' 
 she jumped out and popped open the trunk , hauling out the first of my boxes . 
 `` livia ? 
 you okay ? '' 
 `` fine , '' i said , with more enthusiasm than i felt . 
 i jumped out to help her . 
 the house was a pale , peeling white , the bottom rimmed with dark stones . 
 shutters , in various states of disrepair , hung on either side of the wide windows like drooping eyelids , and the grounds themselves were ill-maintained , weeds battling with overgrown grass for the dull seattle sunlight . 
 from a distance the structure seemed to have some sort of symmetry , but as i neared , i saw the haphazard wings and the sloping back walls , the tilting corners that hinted at the labyrinthine structure within . 
 joanna gave me a pointed look , as if to say , see ? 
 `` you never sent me a picture of outside , '' i muttered . 
 `` i most certainly did ! '' 
 we argued about this good-naturedly until we reached the threshold and joanna pressed the oval-shaped doorbell . 
 the chime even sounded as though it came from the past , distant and tinny . 
 i winced . 
 `` eight months , '' joanna said , as we waited . 
 `` then you get to move in with me . '' 
 we waited for a few minutes ; my gaze passed over the two gargoyles perched above the door , the lion 's head knocker that was too high to reach , the potted plants ringed with spider webs . 
 the door opened to darkness . 
 joanna and i exchanged a glance , and when no one appeared , burst into a fit of nervous giggles . 
 i thought about my security deposit , and how much i would miss it if i just cancelled after all . 
 `` come in ! '' 
 the voice was faint and thin . 
 i took a hesitant step forward , wondering if the door would shut behind me as soon as i crossed the threshold . 
 a perfect start to a horror movie . 
 joanna followed in after me and felt for a light switch . 
 `` gross , '' she whispered into the darkness . 
 `` cobwebs . '' 
 the lights buzzed as she found the switch and flipped it . 
 an old crystal chandelier hung above , covered in dust . 
 but , save for this first sight , the inside of the house was not quite as unkempt as i feared . 
 long dark rugs covered mahogany floors , and a wide staircase led from the first floor up to a small mezzanine before winding back around to the second . 
 portraits and paintings covered the paneled walls , and candelabra twisted up from small side tables . 
 `` jeez , '' said joanna . 
 `` what century are we in ? '' 
 `` come in , come in ! '' 
 the voice called . 
 a shadow moved across the room , followed by its keeper : a small , elegant woman in a dark green dress , her hair pulled up into a white bun . 
 `` which one of you is livia ? '' 
 i raised my hand , and she glided forward to offer me her own . 
 it felt thin and delicate in mine , but her eyes were warm as she smiled and welcomed me . 
 `` mrs. belshire , '' she said , pointing one finger to herself . 
 `` and joanna ! 
 lovely to see you again . '' 
 as they made small talk , i surveyed my new landlady and roommate . 
 the decision to take the place had been rash , but i hoped we would get along alright , at least for the eight months it would take for a room in joanna 's place to open up . 
 and at least the house was close to the bus line i needed to get to work . 
 mrs. belshire was not at all what i had expected . 
 though she was old , dozens of lines cracking her pale face , she gave off the energy of a woman decades younger . 
 her makeup and jewelry were tasteful and understated , and her blue eyes twinkled as they shifted from joanna to me , giving me the somewhat uncomfortable feeling that she was sizing us up . 
 this was no private , eccentric woman who would leave me to my own devices -- i could tell , even then , that she expected more from her tenants . 
 `` i am so glad to have you , '' she said , dipping her head in my direction . 
 `` i 've had your bedroom all set up . 
 mr. collins and i take dinner around seven each day ; would that work for you ? '' 
 `` oh ! '' 
 i said . 
 `` well -- i mean , sometimes i work late -- '' `` eight ? '' 
 `` seven is fine , '' i said , ignoring joanna , who was covering a laugh with her fist . 
 `` but really , it 's no trouble . 
 i 'm used to cooking for myself . '' 
 `` please , '' said mrs. belshire , waving away my protest . 
 `` we 'd love the company . '' 
 `` is mr. collins your husband ? '' 
 asked joanna . 
 `` dear , no ! 
 another tenant . 
 you 'll meet him shortly , livia . 
 he 's around here somewhere . '' 
 i looked around the empty halls , as if expecting this mr. collins to materialize . 
 mrs. belshire beckoned us forward , asking us about luggage and insisting that `` the men would take care of that . '' 
 `` servants ? '' 
 said joanna . 
 `` no , my dear . 
 we do n't have any full-time staff , not since mr. belshire passed away . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 joanna colored as mrs. belshire led us into a wide , bright kitchen , more modern than the house 's atrium . 
 a tray of small pastries was set on the table , along with a few teacups and a china teapot decorated with bluebells . 
 `` now , '' said mrs. belshire , turning towards me , as joanna slipped off towards the bathroom . 
 the widow 's eyes glittered as they assessed me , her mouth curling into a smile . 
 `` i am delighted to have you , livia . 
 simply delighted ! 
 we 'll get to know each other over a pot of tea . '' 
 `` alright , '' i said , trying to smile . 
 what i really wanted was to climb up the stairs and collapse into my new room , sleep the rest of the sunday , and go to work in the morning without thinking once about my ex-fiancé . 
 `` first , though , i have a small surprise for you . '' 
 my phone buzzed . 
 i tried to surreptitiously check it while mrs. belshire pointed towards the patio . 
 joanna : dude , this woman is loaded !!! 
 blushing , i pocketed my phone and followed mrs. belshire to the sliding glass door . 
 i saw the shadow first , and then the figure himself , taking a small sip of mint lemonade . 
 by then it was too late to turn around , because his eyes had locked on me and mrs. belshire had said , pushing me gently out the door , `` i 'll just leave you two to catch up ! '' 
 2 . 
 michael `` hey . '' 
 i gaped . 
 i had n't seen him in over two years , since graduation , actually . 
 and yet my brother 's freshman roommate was almost exactly how i remembered him : tall , blonde , athletic , and broad-shouldered , with that triangle shape particular to athletes . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 i blurted out . 
 `` nori sent me , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm michael . 
 i roomed with him -- '' `` i remember , '' i said , perhaps a little too quickly to be polite . 
 nori sent him ? 
 what was going on ? 
 `` is he alright ? '' 
 `` oh , yeah ; nori 's fine , '' michael said . 
 he stood up and pulled out a chair for me , which i fell into as my brain tried to process his presence . 
 `` he just ... uh , well he knew i was in the area , and ... '' he coughed into his hand . 
 i was going to kill nori . 
 sure , he had never known about my crush on michael , which ebbed and flowed throughout all that first year of college -lrb- we told each other almost everything , but crushes were decidedly off-limits -rrb- . 
 i had been younger then , my crushes less real and more idolized , and michael to me had always seemed so perfect -- if not for the fact that he took a quiet , unspoken dislike to me . 
 and then there was that night , a few weeks before winter break , when i had seen michael at a party , when for the first time in my life i had had a little too much to drink , and -- no . 
 nori knew none of this , but that did n't change anything : i was still going to kill him . 
 `` well , it 's good to see you , '' i said finally , overcoming my initial shock . 
 i wondered where joanna and mrs. belshire had disappeared to . 
 `` did you need something ? '' 
 michael looked even more uncomfortable . 
 he did n't want to be here , i thought . 
 he was doing this as a favor to his college friend , checking up on the poor , dumped sister . 
 my cheeks burned . 
 but i was no longer a sighing college freshman , and i felt emboldened by my recent break-up . 
 after all , what else could happen , that would be worse ? 
 `` why did nori send you ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 my eyes slid to his left hand , empty of a ring , and i thought of my own , the tan line from the summer still marking it . 
 `` i hope you did n't come too far out of your way . '' 
 `` oh , no , '' he said , and tried to smile . 
 i wished he had n't ; he looked even more handsome then , and i was reminded of the time i had first met him , stuttering and fumbling over my words , embarrassed that i was not projecting the cool-livia i had resolved to be in college . 
 `` not out of the way at all . 
 i just came -- well , to be honest , nori asked if i could check on you . '' 
 `` if you could check on me . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 he shrugged , apologetic . 
 `` i went to your old place , but evan told me you had moved . '' 
 he had spoken to evan ? 
 my blush deepened . 
 he must have dropped by to collect his things -- bad timing . 
 `` well , it 's good to see you , '' i finally said , and the robotic comment lingered awkwardly in the air as we tried to figure out what else we could say . 
 we made some small talk about seattle , and the weather , and college , and then the weather again . 
 i told him i was working at a startup , and he told me he was a police officer . 
 `` you win , '' i said , but he did n't laugh ; he only looked surprised . 
 i almost hoped he had forgotten about that unfortunate night , now many years ago . 
 perhaps he did n't remember it as vividly as i did ; perhaps it was n't the big , awkward deal i had made it out to be . 
 i relaxed a little . 
 `` so how is nori ? 
 he signed with a record label , did n't he ? '' 
 `` yeah , he did . '' 
 i grinned . 
 `` so pretty good , overall . '' 
 michael returned my grin , but only a second later dropped his eyes . 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` nori was a really good roommate . 
 good friend , '' he corrected himself . 
 `` wish we had n't fallen out of touch . 
 but when he asked me to check on you , i was happy to . '' 
 because i 've liked you all along , my subconscious filled in for me . 
 `` you know , because there was that night -- when you tried to kiss me -- '' i went cold all over . 
 he did remember . 
 it was the first night i had touched any alcohol . 
 i had been as straitlaced as they had come throughout high school , and had extended that streak into college . 
 but after a bad test score , i wondered what the point was of sacrificing my social life , if i had nothing to show for it . 
 it only took two shots for me to grow tipsy , and from there my roommate -- delighted by my sudden change -- handed me a large glass of red wine , freshly poured from the box the seniors had brought in . 
 i spotted michael when i was well on my way to being drunk : the first and the last time , actually , that i was in college . 
 i stumbled up to him . 
 `` livia ! '' 
 he said , with that easy grin that had so captivated me when i first met him , helping move nori 's boxes into his third floor dorm . 
 `` how 's it going ? '' 
 i noticed the girl huddled close to him , sizing me up with her dark eyes . 
 `` you look nice , '' i said , though it probably came out more like , `` you ` ook ` iccccccce . '' 
 michael stood up , reaching out to catch me as i stumbled . 
 he led me out of the party as my drunken mind conjured up fantasies : he had taken my compliment to heart , he felt the same way , he was pulling me away from everyone to talk and declare his love and finally give me my very first kiss . 
 later , i guessed that the slow rhythm of his voice that accompanied our walk out of the party was not him revealing his deep feelings for me , as i thought at the time , but him asking me how much i had had to drink , if i had been watching my cup , if anyone else had come with me to the party . 
 that was probably also the time he called nori . 
 the cold air outside sobered me up just enough to stop stumbling , and i pulled myself up straight , draping my arms around michael . 
 this is it , my inebriated mind thought , the start of true love . 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` in the courtyard . 
 nori 's on his way . 
 whoa , livia -- '' i pressed myself closer as he withdrew , stumbling forward . 
 he caught me just before i fell , and even in my stupor , i felt a wash of confusion and shame . 
 the pucker left my lips and i slumped down , growing upset when michael would not let me sit down on the cold earth . 
 by the time nori came , i had thrown up three times in the garbage can nearby , and my intoxication had lessened to the point that i understood the full horror of what i had done . 
 i was too embarrassed to tell nori ; from what michael told him , i had become a little too drunk at a party and just needed an escort home . 
 `` only night i 've ever been drunk in college , '' i said to michael now , a little defensively . 
 i hated the look of surprise that crossed his face . 
 yes , michael , i did not get sloppy drunk and make a fool of myself for just anyone . 
 and after that night , i had made myself get over him . 
 i had thrown myself into my studies , hung out with more kids from my dorm , and went on a few very bad non-date dates that eventually led me to a friendship with evan . 
 i did n't want to be that person anymore , the one who admired from a distance and collapsed into jelly up close . 
 and i would n't be that person now . 
 `` yeah , no hard feelings , '' michael said . 
 `` i just ... you know ... '' `` well , it was really great of you to drop by , '' i said , as the door to the kitchen finally slid open , and joanna and mrs. belshire emerged . 
 `` i just got a tour ! '' 
 joanna said brightly . 
 `` you should see some of the other wings -- oh , hello . '' 
 michael rose , shaking hands with joanna as i introduced them . 
 mrs. belshire 's eyes flashed towards me , her gaze shifting between the two of us . 
 `` shall i bring out some tea ? '' 
 she said , all innocence . 
 `` that would be lovely ! '' 
 said joanna , ignoring my pleading stare . 
 michael tried to make his excuses , but mrs. belshire hushed him , insisting that he had to stay for `` at least one cup . '' 
 resigned , he lowered himself back down . 
 joanna took the seat next to me . 
 `` i ca n't believe this place , '' she said . 
 `` there 's so much ! '' 
 `` i thought you saw it already . '' 
 `` well , i only saw your room , mostly . 
 which is nice , but jeez ! 
 this lady could run a hotel if she wanted to . 
 and if she fixed it up a bit . 
 are you mrs. belshire 's friend ? '' 
 she asked suddenly , turning to michael . 
 `` no , an old classmate . '' 
 `` no way ! 
 yale ? 
 what year ? '' 
 `` same as livia . 
 and you , too , i 'm guessing ? '' 
 `` yup , '' said joanna , flashing him a grin . 
 they began comparing notes on who they knew , and michael 's face broke out in an easy smile at some of joanna 's impressions . 
 i tried to keep a pleasant look plastered on my face , mortified by the entire afternoon and just wishing it would come to a speedy end . 
 `` liv , you should have told me he was coming , '' joanna said , in a teasing voice . 
 `` i would 've dressed up a bit more . '' 
 michael laughed at this , and said she looked just fine . 
 i was tempted to say joanna had a boyfriend , but instead just asked , `` should we start moving stuff in ? '' 
 `` after tea , '' joanna said . 
 `` i can help , '' said michael . 
 i began to protest , but joanna kicked me under the table . 
 i knew what she was thinking : she had been dating her boyfriend for three years , but loved not only to flirt , but to play matchmaker with the boys she reeled in . 
 i would have to tell her later that she was most definitely barking up the wrong tree . 
 i went inside , leaving michael and joanna talking , and asked mrs. belshire if there was anything i could do to help . 
 `` oh , are n't you a dear ! '' 
 she said , a white apron tied over her dress . 
 it looked more fashionable than practical . 
 she took the boiling kettle from the stove and asked me to carry the tray . 
 `` is that your beau , livia ? '' 
 she asked me slyly , as i balanced the tiered pastry rack in my hands . 
 `` what ? 
 oh , no ! 
 no , ma’am . 
 he 's a friend of my brother 's . '' 
 i paused , then plunged in . 
 `` i 'm single . '' 
 the word had an odd taste on my tongue . 
 i had n't used it in reference to myself for over five years now , since sophomore year of college when evan and i started dating . 
 i thought ours would be one of the fairy tales : college sweethearts , first and last everything . 
 but not anymore . 
 `` ah ! 
 now , hold on there -- i 'm sure the young man will get the door ... '' indeed , michael saw me struggling and leapt up , sliding open the glass door for me . 
 i thanked him hurriedly , and we spent an awkward few seconds transferring the tiered pastry tray from my hands to his , with a peppering of `` i 've got it ! '' 
 and `` really , it 's okay ! '' 
 on both sides . 
 i finally slunk back to my seat next to joanna , and mrs. belshire accepted michael 's help in settling into the last . 
 she set down the teapot and removed her apron , instructing michael to go back for the cups . 
 `` such a gentleman ! '' 
 she muttered , as he returned with them , as well as the cups of sugar and cream left on the counter . 
 the day had brightened since my arrival , and as mrs. belshire asked michael about his line of work , i turned to look at the gardens behind the house . 
 not much was visible -- a row of thick , overgrown hedges blocked the view -- but from a narrow slit in the garden door i could see flowers dotting the stone path . 
 i wondered how big the grounds were . 
 `` a lovely garden , '' mrs. belshire said , and i jumped , realizing she was speaking to me . 
 `` my gardener passed away a few years ago , and i 'm afraid it 's terribly overgrown now . 
 i do what i can , though . '' 
 she paused significantly . 
 `` well , '' i said , blushing at the attention , `` if you would ever like any help , on the weekends maybe -- '' `` you are such a dear , '' she said , content , and patted my hand . 
 joanna stifled another giggle , and michael looked , confused , between us . 
 i felt a bit mortified ; i would have preferred , if i had ever met michael again , to have done it in circumstances that would prove to him i was cooler , sleeker , more sophisticated . 
 not in ones that would make it seem like i was the same quiet girl who had so embarrassingly thrown herself at him in college . 
 `` tell me , '' mrs. belshire mused , as i sipped politely on the strong black tea . 
 i almost laughed at the sight of the delicate cup in michael 's broad hands , though he looked serene as ever , not put off by the feminine table . 
 `` do you have any suitors , livia ? '' 
 joanna spit her tea back into her cup , earning her a reproving stare from mrs. belshire . 
 michael looked up quickly , his brow furrowing , probably wondering why in the world nori had sent him here . 
 `` no , ma’am , '' i said . 
 she was my new landlady , after all . 
 i would have to learn to get along with her . 
 `` no ? 
 a pretty girl like you ? 
 i used to have such lovely , dark curls as yours . '' 
 she reached out one thin hand , as if to touch them , but instead pulled back and pressed it to her heart . 
 i ran a nervous hand through my hair , which was not curly but wavy , falling just past my shoulders . 
 `` she just broke up with her fiancé , '' said joanna helpfully . 
 `` is that so ? '' 
 said mrs. belshire . 
 `` i 'm terribly sorry ! 
 did you discover a secret , then ? '' 
 `` a secret ? '' 
 i repeated doubtfully . 
 `` perhaps he lied about his identity . 
 or his fortune . 
 if so , you should count yourself lucky . '' 
 this time the hand that reached out did pat me on the arm . 
 `` jane eyre almost married mr. rochester -- and to think , the whole time , he had his lunatic wife locked in the attic ! '' 
 `` jane eyre was a fictional character , '' said joanna . 
 `` and she did marry him , in the end . '' 
 she glanced my way , and i could read her thoughts in her concerned stare : is your landlady insane ? 
 `` fiction provides a great model for life , '' mrs. belshire said , a tad coldly . 
 a few seconds of silence passed . 
 `` it was a great book , '' michael said , clearing his throat . 
 `` thank you very much for the tea , mrs. belshire , but i think i have to -- '' `` oh , do have one pastry ! '' 
 she demanded . 
 michael hesitated , then took the nearest one , a cream puff in the shape of a sea shell . 
 `` and you , young man ? 
 are you pursuing any young lady ? 
 perhaps this one right here ? '' 
 and to my horror , she gestured in my direction . 
 `` no , i 'm not , '' said michael , coloring . 
 `` just a friend of her brother 's . '' 
 `` i see , '' said mrs. belshire . 
 `` i am sure your police job keeps you quite busy as it is . '' 
 michael nodded . 
 i flashed back to a memory i had of him : sophomore year , when evan and i had walked through campus holding hands for one of the first times . 
 we were n't even official yet , and the act had something rebellious and uncertain in it -- were we really going to move forward , and if not , should we stop acting like a couple ? 
 michael was the first person i recognized on that walk . 
 he was with a bunch of his football buddies , walking back from practice . 
 he raised one hand in greeting to me -- it was only a few weeks into the semester , and nori and he had not yet drifted to the casual acquaintances they would later become , pulled apart by studies and social obligations . 
 i raised my left hand back , and saw michael 's gaze drift towards my right . 
 in that moment i felt a stab of my old crush , and wished treacherously to disengage my fingers . 
 especially when michael slowed , disengaged himself from his group , and nodded to me , asking about my summer and telling me briefly of his , spent mostly in training . 
 `` michael , '' he said then , extending his left hand to evan . 
 that 's right , i remembered , he was left-handed . 
 evan shook it awkwardly with his right , not letting go of my fingers . 
 my heart was beating so fast , even as i told myself to calm down : there was no trace of jealousy , or even much curiosity , in michael 's friendly but stoic glance . 
 he and evan talked for a few brief seconds , and then michael asked me if i could tell nori to get in touch about some futon they had misplaced in storage . 
 `` no rush , '' he said , as i babbled something about how i would ask as soon as i saw him . 
 `` thanks . 
 nice meeting you , evan . '' 
 they shook hands again . 
 `` so how do you know captain america ? '' 
 evan teased me , when michael had gone . 
 `` well , if you need anything , '' michael was now saying to me . 
 i snapped to attention , embarrassed to be caught daydreaming . 
 `` good seeing you again . 
 joanna , great meeting you . 
 mrs. belshire . '' 
 i half-expected him to bow to her , formal as he was acting , but he extended his hand and attempted to shake her limp one -- apparently , she had been expecting a gentlemanly kiss . 
 `` a good-looking fellow , '' mrs. belshire said , when he had gone . 
 `` a shame he did n't go into the service . 
 a brighter future than a police officer . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 joanna asked , stuffing another chocolate tart into her mouth . 
 mrs. belshire only shook her head and sipped at her tea , but i thought i understood her -- she seemed a woman entranced by the dramatic , the romantic , the tragic . 
 a soldier had more of that than a police officer , at first glance . 
 not in the least because a soldier would not always remain a soldier ; he would go on to some other , perhaps more aristocratic , career . 
 `` are you going to see him again , livia ? '' 
 joanna asked me . 
 we began to clear the plates , after mrs. belshire pretended to rise and was cajoled into sitting back down . 
 `` he 's local , right ? '' 
 `` nori sent him , '' i said . 
 `` and he 's local , but i do n't think so . 
 we 're not really friends . '' 
 `` plenty of men for you to meet , '' mrs. belshire said , twisting her shawl around her shoulders . 
 i was n't sure i trusted the twinkle in her eyes . 
 `` he did seem a bit cold , did n't he ? '' 
 `` cold ! '' 
 said joanna . 
 `` not at all . 
 a little reserved maybe , but he was joking around with me . '' 
 not surprising . 
 joanna was curvy , blonde , and perky , always ready to laugh and witty besides . 
 she had always had a boyfriend -- and a long waiting list as well . 
 of course michael would like her . 
 `` oh , wow ! '' 
 joanna exclaimed , as we crossed back into the house . 
 i turned towards where she was looking , and saw all of my boxes neatly piled up inside the threshold . 
 `` good thing i left the car unlocked . 
 do you think he brought in everything ? '' 
 `` what a gentleman ! '' 
 said mrs. belshire behind me . 
 `` but i suppose he did n't know you were on the second floor . '' 
 ** end of excerpt ** other works by margaret windsor stolen -- cayla was told she had nothing to fear from the lucretias -- at least , not more than anyone else in the city . 
 but when sirens blare at cayla 's school , she is suddenly taken prisoner into their opulent estate . 
 destined to be the bride of the heir to the lucretia dynasty , cayla must decide how to fight for her life , and her heart ... a poison tree -- freak . 
 loner . 
 murderer . 
 after her boyfriend dies in a mysterious accident , claire finds herself the center of dark speculations . 
 what happened that night at the bridge ? 
 and why wo n't claire talk about it ? 
 but when a group of dangerous students approaches claire , dragging her into their wicked games and hinting they know her secret , claire must decide how far she is willing to go to stop them . 
 wolf -- deep in the woods , the boy lives alone . 
 alone , that is , except for him . 
 a prisoner and a servant , the boy measures his life by the cycles of the moon , taking every precaution possible , knowing that one slip could mean the end . 
 but when the boy discovers a secret deep in the woods , he uncovers the key to bringing down the entire , carefully constructed world around him . 
 beauregard : admissions -- beauregard college , the premier institution for enchantment , has a problem : young girls are disappearing from its ranks without any explanation . 
 worse , the war on enchantment looms near , just as one of the most crucial classes in the college 's history prepares to enter . 
 beauregard : admissions contains the complete compendium of all released admissions material from the entering class . 
 lucy silver and the gold key -- lucy silver , new to town with her heartbroken father , finds a mysterious gold key , the same that her father has been secretly searching for . 
 before she can realize this , however , she is pursued by a band of thieves and wicked witch into the forest , and must find her father before it is too late . 
 but the more she learns about the key , the more lucy wonders whether the key should be used at all . 
 the tyrant of thorn -- the famous rebel ilya , after years of traveling the desecrated realm of thorn and telling tales of hope and rebellion , has been caught . 
 the tyrant of thorn corners her , forcing her to his castle to meet her death . 
 but soon it becomes apparent that the tyrant has his own secret motivations ... the tyrant of thorn is a collection of over a dozen stories and poems woven into a larger narrative . 
