 valley of flowers chris collins is the author of nicolas kumar of which valley of flowers is one part . 
 previous publications include his first short story that was nominated for a pushcart prize . 
 _______________________ copyright © chris collins . 
 all rights reserved . 
 chris collins asserts his right under the copyright , designs and patents act to be identified as the author of this work . 
 isbn 9780982394908 isbn 098239490x this is a work of fiction . 
 names , characters , places and incidents are either the product of the author 's imagination or are used fictitiously . 
 for more on this book go to @collchris on twitter or google + book 1 this book is inscribed to mr. arnold palmer contents chapter 1 chapter 2 chapter 3 chapter 4 chapter 5 chapter 6 chapter 7 chapter 8 chapter 9 chapter 10 chapter 11 chapter 12 chapter 13 chapter 14 chapter 15 chapter 16 chapter 17 chapter 18 valley of flowers by chris collins a novella 1 the valley of flowers ahead looked awash in sunrays and colorful wildflowers . 
 all seemed so expertly arranged and crowding the valley in thousands and millions there would be no counting their number . 
 dew-gilded gleaming flowers appeared in maximum bloom . 
 the glare captivated him and his senses took flight . 
 nicolas kumar had arrived . 
 his trek had brought him to this mountain place on a crisp cool morning that was his birthday . 
 the scene presented lent a warm ambiance to his interiors , yet he might have preferred his father had gifted him a brand new bmw . 
 the 17-year-old indian youth , pinch-fit from regular workouts , held up to take a breather as for couch potatoes . 
 he felt the blunt chill of low temperatures . 
 in front of his face , puff clouds formed and dissipated from his outgoing breath . 
 his hope now was for a good solid round here , on first seeing this famed valley 's primal beauty . 
 once more the school-going teenager breathed in deep that stretched his lungs to the utmost . 
 in among the fresh , sweet open air was a fragrant scent he took in his lungs . 
 pleasures from this and the envisioned field permitted him a moment beyond measure . 
 gravity tugged . 
 nicolas bowed to this mounting pressure . 
 he exhaled while setting down his pack in a freestanding display . 
 gradually his breathing became more normal and he felt reassured . 
 now he thought being up in the indian himalayas was a timely step for him , and one in the right direction . 
 he took off his red fleece jacket , wrapped around his waist , and he laid it onto his standing rucksack . 
 in a no-hurried manner he removed his cap and ran his fingers through his thick brown hair . 
 his skin and wavy hair were a similar color brown with his skin darkened from the many hours out in the sun on the practice range , and while out on the course during play . 
 dark eyebrows shielded his curious and eager slate-gray eyes that were good and quick , sharper for sighting long wood and iron shots out of mid-air , and from spotting the errant ones lying in the long grass . 
 nicolas returned his cap atop his head and crooked it with finger and thumb . 
 he added more bend to the bill 's center . 
 he looked at the flowers . 
 he received bales full of colorful garlands , as each frame-to-frame picture in his mind 's eye without exception solicited and obtained from him a brief promise to stay , and never return to the jungle of concrete and commotion , roads or dividing walls , nor ever go back to the unholy rolling on juggernaut of live wire . 
 he stared at this scene of immortal bliss and searched its tranquil wonders . 
 glee came through to make him smile . 
 his readiness for the approaching contest suffered some from giddiness , as he stood self-consciously on the tee box square , gratification of the senses his highest goal . 
 `` teledensity has certainly not reached here , '' whispered the mostly city-centric youth . 
 favoring pink himalayan balsams , in a valley far from the maddening urban crowds , the plush sea of alpine flowers appeared in palpable excitement over the possibilities of this one fine day in paradise . 
 dotted here and there purple and blue , and raised from the earth , here a blue poppy , there a cobra lily and edelweiss , the flowers in plenary portions seemed on proud , glorious display in an absolute must-have bouquet , and all looked nourished by a sparkling stream , rushing through a slight middling valley . 
 the spill off came from an in-the-distance small lake . 
 its check-dams appeared filled to the brim and stemming from a spectacular waterfall , flowing like champagne and then , oh ! 
 a rainbow ! 
 the rainbow added shape to this cut cake , ordered for the occasion of charmed magic . 
 and all got his mind into feeling divine timelessness and just right disarray . 
 nicolas gazed at this sparkle . 
 he took in the invigorating crisp clean air and view of a lifetime . 
 he wondered who colored these many flowers . 
 consequently he fought for ownership of this prime piece of land . 
 the battle within him , however , did not drag on . 
 inside , his immediate plan to claim this superb , untamed property was simply to roll out the world 's best drive . 
 he closed his eyes in a pretend moment . 
 he put his right hand high . 
 he rested it against his encasing chest , charged with protecting his fast-fluttering heart . 
 nicolas resumed telecasting from this mountain place and great advertising space . 
 he remembered with pleasure then one remarkable achievement . 
 and what he recalled was qualifying for the open championship , only a fortnight back . 
 this story of success repeated in his mind . 
 he was pleased with himself also for making it up here without hiring a piththoo , or porter with a basket , to carry his pack or even himself . 
 nicolas peered out at the flowers and his eyes moistened . 
 the valley looked peaceful , strikingly ablaze with sizzling pinks , stimulating blues , elegant electric greens , plus all-accompanying sunbeam yellows with a smart sporty feel , and gone forever here it seemed were the big city 's basic beiges . 
 whoever drafted this course must have seen the brighter side , he thought . 
 and look , what colors ! 
 nothing i have known can compare with this ! 
 he then added a bit from the weatherman in him . 
 and what a day this is too ! 
 the sky is nearly without blemish . 
 you do n't get many days like this , i should think . 
 nicolas sensed something was missing . 
 the presence of his father , his classmates and teachers , the city he always said he owed his success , were now all on his mind . 
 but then he was taken in wholly by this many-flowered valley , while feeling strangely apart from it too . 
 he stood on the 1st tee as any nervy freshman on the first day of school . 
 he felt it would take some time to come to terms with this illustrious new environment , believing any would need an orientation session here , akin to receiving a handheld walkthrough of the area . 
 the thought of getting help reassured him . 
 this ignited in him the strong wish to make it back home , preferably in one piece and not too far off into the future , and that his father would no longer be angry with him . 
 this jogged his memory into recalling his spoiled days of childhood . 
 nicolas kumar , a destiny 's child , born with a silver spoon in his mouth , recalled the seventh-heaven habit of being picked up after by doting as well as adoring servants , as with last summer , when he received a bullet motorbike to ride round on , but only under a servant 's supervision and just in the family yard . 
 now he thought all summers were blemish-free cards , filled with oceans of love and happiness . 
 he stood then in chilly wonder . 
 he enjoyed this reliving of the happy days . 
 nicolas thought of his father at the time of qualifying for the open championship . 
 2 ` father , i have qualified for the british open ! ' 
 before nicolas came bursting into the clubhouse with his glad announcement , his father had been debating with friends on who was the best ever to play the game . 
 the names of players past and playing today were mentioned . 
 his father had even offered his gentle son . 
 and while the discussion participants were accustomed , chained-to scholars of the game that provokes and maddens , immersed in solemn contemplation at one moment , then eagerly arguing a point in another , the question was going mostly unanswered . 
 when one brought up the name of a player playing in the present , this was opposed with the argument that this player has enjoyed playing with better equipment than those who had come before . 
 when a player from the distant or not too distant past was suggested , it was argued that this player had enjoyed playing at a time when there was far less competition as the game 's popularity was not nearly so great . 
 as the debate was heading this way , to a most uncertain conclusion , nicolas , his admirers pleased with fame and victory and the crowd 's loud voice emerging behind him , interrupted his father 's group yet again with his declaration . 
 this stunned the crowd into a formal awkward hush . 
 only when nicolas insisted on speaking out of place , by repeating his statement yet one more time , did he receive a response from his beloved father . 
 his father smiled at first . 
 he put on a fantastic 32-teeth display . 
 he spoke his words clearly , firmly , to his son and for all to hear . 
 ` nicolas ! 
 it seems your ego is getting the best of you ! 
 go now , and give it to death ! ' 
 following this , the next several days at home were spent preparing for this departure . 
 nicolas kumar , confused and heartbroken , begged his father 's forgiveness and for some explanation . 
 but none were given . 
 in their place he was told where to begin his journey and which way to go . 
 he was told what conditions he could expect once there , and to gather all the supplies he felt he would need and could reasonably carry on such a high mountain trip . 
 he was also told to do it at once . 
 mournfully , he sat alone in what was now the punishment corner of his room . 
 sadly , he turned his head towards the wall as to join with an imaginary other . 
 nicolas remained this way in a type of commiserating huddle . 
 he had the feeling of being fastened to this unhappy other character . 
 nicolas struggled to catch some understanding of his hurts , his feelings of brokenness and resentments , along with his marring bitterness . 
 some time passed before he rose by will . 
 he went to his study table to make out a list of things he wanted to have with him in the mountains . 
 when this list became too long he tore it up and threw it out . 
 again , nicolas conjured up a catalog of essentials and this list too was made overlong . 
 at about this time he pleaded out loud for the kitchen to come serve him . 
 he called for a plate of croissants , along with a masala omelet with juice to be brought to him . 
 soon after he was enjoying another worthy entrée . 
 he gobbled up precious pancakes , soaked in delectable syrup , along with hot-melted butter that was presented to him in his room . 
 that done , nicolas felt more or less ready to get down to the business of preparing . 
 he directed his mind to a single task without mood swing and soon found a solution there . 
 he would begin with a number . 
 nicolas began with the weight he knew he could carry , twenty-two kilograms . 
 he added two kilos to this . 
 as his clubs would be the heaviest items in his pack he went about seeing to them to start . 
 along with his three wedges , two woods and a putter , he logically considered minimizing his tote by taking with him only the odd-numbered irons , though not a 1-iron as he did not carry one . 
 he reasoned that if a shot required an 8-iron , he could either jump on a nine or ease off a seven . 
 as for retaining both woods , he hoped to take advantage of the added distance the thin air offered , as there would be no telling how long some holes might be up in the himalayas . 
 driver included , he felt quite capable with his woods off the fairway . 
 he felt confident too , given reasonable lies , he could achieve good height on most shots hit with them . 
 nicolas reviewed his club selection once more . 
 he lingered on the idea of flat refusing one of his three recovery-agent wedges . 
 faced with the decision of leaving behind his pitching wedge , his lob wedge or sand wedge , nicolas was not as certain as he had been with his standard irons . 
 the difference in shot length between his sand wedge and his lob wedge was approximately twenty-two meters ; the difference between his pitching wedge and sand wedge was another twenty meters , and not the concern . 
 what he wanted from them most were their cutting blades , unique to each , with varied uses and customized for him . 
 finally he decided to retain all three . 
 nicolas determined he would not want to be faced with a greenside recovery shot when one of the left-behind wedges was clearly required . 
 believing his selection had been sensibly made , nicolas pulled from his bag the chosen clubs of his regular set . 
 he took them to the rice vendor for weighing at the outdoor market . 
 when asked to weigh the clubs , the rice seller had given him a questioning look . 
 ` what is the use of these sticks ? ' 
 asked the mustachioed vendor , placing the clubs on the weighing scale . 
 one answer came from the vegetable stall next door that was the market hub . 
 ` police truncheons , ' said the vegetable seller , handing a bag of onions to a customer . 
 ` made special for the centre , ' affirmed the happy customer accepting the goods . 
 nicolas explained the use of the weighed clubs . 
 and while still distraught over his current bleak plight , he marveled too then that even in this mega city , in this modern day and age , there were still those who did not know the enslaving game known as golf , or even himself now , nicolas kumar , idol to hundreds of thousands and made famous recently by his name and image being broadcast round the world . 
 the scale read four kilograms . 
 and although he had the expectation of a higher number , he was not at all pleased with the amount . 
 savings in weight , he reasoned , would have to come elsewhere . 
 eventually , nicolas would carry a modified-down pack -lrb- 670g -rrb- that included other ultra-lightweight camping gear , such as a goose-down sleeping bag -lrb- 960g -rrb- , with liner and pad -lrb- 400g -rrb- , one silicone-flyweight tent , yellow , with soft pegs and weighing 1.2 kilograms , along with a mini-stove and fuel bottle -lrb- 350g -rrb- , a water bottle , full , weighing just under two kilograms , a less-than-a-liter cooking pot -lrb- 120g -rrb- , a bowl , a pint-sized cup with a spoon , 5x10 binoculars , a medical kit , a short rope and small knife , a 288 rupee grey umbrella , plus a torchlight and lighter , a fold-up shovel , sunglasses and sun cream , a sun cap to protect him from the burning high-altitude sun , a toothbrush , tooth powder , soap , and one quick-dry towel that would also be on his priorities checklist . 
 he would have with him a dozen-and-a-half balls -lrb- 45g each -rrb- arranged in the box as a truncated triangle , 3 4 5 6 . 
 nicolas would bring with him cold weather clothing too , like a windcheater and gloves , an extra pair of briefs , dry-fast synthetic socks , black polypropylene tights , shell pants or overtrousers , a long-sleeved t-shirt , beneath a dark-blue pullover , coupled with his red jacket and clutch pack . 
 and because he liked them , and since they were already well-broken in , the hiking boots he planned to wear would be the waterproof , italian-made pair his father had brought back for him from nepal . 
 nicolas always wore a watch on his wrist when he played , and for this trip too he would have with him round his neck a small compass in the form of a red whistle . 
 as for food he would buy most of it in the hilltop village at the start of his trek . 
 altogether he judged the food to weigh around 4 kilograms . 
 it would consist of muesli , flat round breads , two-minute noodles , freeze-dried veggies , pasta , beans and some rice . 
 powdered milk would also be incorporated . 
 he would have his all-important tea , a mixed bag of nuts , a compliment of chocolate bars , all of which were readily available at the hill station 's kirana store . 
 preparations too , he well knew , included leave-taking away from his much-loved father . 
 matched with math questions , his budget , regarding his days-long play up in the himalayas , nicolas had continued preparing for any and all unknowns . 
 for this career timeout , he carried on thinking up the worst possible scenarios and he tried planning for them . 
 and there was little time . 
 soon approaching was his train journey overnight , then bus ride further up the mountain , leading the next day to a showtime wednesday morning that was , to him anyway , moving day . 
 nicolas returned in his mind to this garden paradise . 
 he came back to this 1st tee box where community members from the lower village had , decades ago , brought up two bronzed pots to work as tee markers . 
 on the slopes of the valley he noticed scattered here and there a few pint-sized trees , their limbs with their leaves blowing in the occasional whipped-up cool breeze . 
 he felt this high garden was a faultless example of what could be achieved on earth : an oasis of perfect peace , plain and simple . 
 nicolas took more mental note of the incredible flower concentration . 
 he gazed at all that was arrayed under a brilliant sun . 
 he believed all had been set there just for him . 
 3 just then arjuna emerged carrying a large conch onto the tee-block platform . 
 the old man made his self present amid this incredible earthly activity on tremendous scale . 
 walking and breathing with effort , underneath the illuminative shade of his rainbow-colored umbrella , arjuna gratefully unsaddled and set down his pack , his self sitting and resting on it . 
 he sat ruling the roost from there in the center of this fantasma . 
 arjuna had a boyish grin on a deeply tanned face . 
 his experienced smiling eyes , great gifts from having seen so much of the world with a balanced attitude , showed bright while sparkling intense depths . 
 the old man 's hair looked like puffs of white clouds , not too unlike lord indra 's who playfully stole heavenly cows in the old vedas tale . 
 his hair behind his ears had the color of clouds also , but was a touch rain-bearing . 
 arjuna was kitted out in synthetic black pants that were modern and popular for trekking . 
 to nicolas , the old man appeared more familiar with the age of silk ties , plus fours and argyle socks . 
 he wore a blue-down jacket to keep himself warm in the cool mountain air , and draped around his neck was a pale-white shawl . 
 the hand-spun , pashmina shawl rose and fell some with his jacket reacting to his lungs taking in repeated deep breaths . 
 the old man nodded in a kindly way . 
 he raised a hand to signal a short break or perhaps start up like the band . 
 this somewhat smiling elder held out for more air while resting . 
 for having entered the valley of immortal bliss , arjuna straightaway had the cheerful suspicion from the old myth of being carried off by nymphs and fairies . 
 he delighted more in large dollops of mysticism . 
 he wondered what additional mysteries were contained in the age-old stories from here , recorded in the hindu holy tracks he cherished . 
 with a touch of bewilderment , arjuna half-expected trained musicians with flutes , maestros from the gwalior gharana , accompanied by hip-shake dancers , bedecked in red-and-white saris , with their tinning bangles , jingle-bell anklets and cheering enthusiastically , to come swooping down on the wind , roll off onto this flowerful carpet , or glitzy affair , to stand positively before him and performing in 3/4 time . 
 `` look ! '' 
 cried nicolas , standing at the front of the tee box . 
 `` is n't it beautiful ? '' 
 and with a sweep of his arm he added a slow stroke over this celebrated land . 
 just off the tee was a blue-flower cluster . 
 from this patch of blue poppies , growing out inexplicably from a crackless stone , the old man 's mind rose more above the material mundane . 
 arjuna 's meditation was then on one blue leaf . 
 he looked to one patch of grass . 
 the grass stood near the stone from which these flowers grew . 
 among the luminaries present , a butterfly fluttered about . 
 the butterfly gave this nature lover the opportunity to observe near at hand the fine art of flying . 
 arjuna watched this flier flit from flower to flower and for a moment he marveled , wondering gladly , though not for the first time , how this one fine thing was indeed possible . 
 he felt not love for this poetic gathering of butterfly , rock , flower , along with his humble self , but a joyful anxiety , characterized as the will to do something in this world and make some difference . 
 the old man considered worthwhile a strategy to serve , or at least put a smile on the faces of these citizen creatures for here . 
 arjuna flouted more this norm or strong feeling to give back . 
 he held out an upturned hand . 
 he wished to give a good landing place to this butterfly and o so valiant flier . 
 his sight ascended tens of thousands of kilometers then , as he looked to the grand eternal expanse or bottomless blue business that was this morning 's sky . 
 arjuna peered lower , towards the current pantheon of telling points . 
 he gazed at this range 's seven snow-clad peaks . 
 the old man looked to the constructed castle spree up in the crisp cool air . 
 the mountains seemed prone to long-term fits of melancholy . 
 his focus came back then , though not resting on one flower cluster , or swath of blue poppies , brilliantly illumined and standing sprightly out of a solid stone , nor was his focus on this colorful communion , where the gods had seemingly tossed down flowers as darts for over a millennia , but on the minute . 
 just then the ground before him abruptly broke open . 
 through the popped-up tuft of grass a single stem rose . 
 at first this flower came up unsteadily . 
 it went on to put out boldly though the hard knot of a new bud . 
 arjuna watched this miracle of life grow . 
 he saw it rise , struggle to mature , amid the elements and the ever-present life changes . 
 he moved to get a closer look . 
 the old man wanted to study better a water bubble that had miraculously formed on one fragile leaf . 
 to him , the reverse image that showed on the bubble 's face reflected well a delicate avant-garde or work that is experimental . 
 arjuna felt the tinge of apprehension . 
 he fretted some over the fate of this flower with the o so subtle gleam . 
 the old man was concerned its shine could be broken by so much as a scratch from a butterfly 's foot . 
 the flower reached a peak . 
 arjuna felt blessed for having seen this beauty grow up , evolve amidst all here and then age . 
 he watched this flower begin to wilt . 
 arjuna observed the flower bend low now , onto the ground , to die . 
 `` yes , '' he said , in answer to the youth 's original question . 
 `` what we resist persists in this miracle and daily informs us that much in this world is o so agreeably lovely . '' 
 the comment supported and got keys to this faultless earthly palace , which readily serves all , together with the coarse , the poor and downtrodden , the powerless and the voiceless . 
 `` well , '' said nicolas , fashioning to gain control of these pretty premises , and he was well on the lookout now for this opportunity while the art market was still booming . 
 `` if life is going to bring this opportunity , and i do get my fair chance , i should do fairly well here . '' 
 with this , arjuna reached in his pack to rustle up an item to give this eager young fellow . 
 on finding it the old man held the thing out for him to come take . 
 `` here , '' he said . 
 `` inside a map is provided with descriptions of the holes you will encounter along the way . 
 the map shows their lengths and pathways to them . 
 do you have a compass with you ? '' 
 arjuna asked . 
 nicolas felt through his shirt for the compass-as-whistle hanging round his neck . 
 `` yes , '' he said happily , stepping over to the old man . 
 `` good , '' said arjuna . 
 `` now i have written a few words for your record of play . 
 these hymns to the gods are meant to be heard . 
 so , when you read them to yourself they will be heard ! 
 if you find they are useful to you , sing their praises by please using them . '' 
 when nicolas thought the old man was done speaking , he put his hands together at the chest meaning i recognize the god within you . 
 he bowed slightly to this elder and teacher . 
 he accepted the handmade coursebook with both hands . 
 he did this as if receiving possession papers to a grand palace , or accepting the keys to creation , happy to get custody but sad too because he sensed all this gift-giving might soon be over . 
 as the old man moved to sit more comfortably , nicolas opened his course journal there and then . 
 he began reading to himself the old man 's written mantra for this 1st hole , on the indian himalayan course known as truind . 
 there are various ways of warfare , not merely with simple metal weapons , having a reflective , meditative mind among them . 
 become expert in these many other ways . 
 begin your duty then , providing an unmatched contribution . 
 nicolas concentrated on the note . 
 he looked at its strange script for some significance . 
 he mulled over one fragment of this teacher 's say of words to arrive at some gist . 
 happy in the garden already , on a day made for doing endless somersaults , he felt the message in the handmade textbook were meaningless lyrics to a song , and so nicolas lifted an eyebrow then shrugged . 
 `` all right then , '' he said not comprehending , though feeling quite the star or darling to the masses . 
 again he looked at this teacher 's curious say of words . 
 once more his mind ventured out . 
 but then he gladdened at this note , which he felt had come from a loving lord . 
 nicolas told himself to get serious and to concentrate . 
 still he appeared only ready to accept a funny one-liner . 
 he felt performing on this initial stage was all about having fun . 
 he believed a series of triumphs were sure to be his . 
 but just as nicolas looked up from his course journal as a giggle-puss , there roused in him an element of curiosity . 
 this doubt puffed , swelled up to become a great cloud of suspicion , hanging as if over his head . 
 nicolas had no idea what the subject matter was . 
 this left his thinking as the breeze , in something of a drift . 
 then a cold wave of air swept through to chill and even buckle up his skin . 
 the mystery note had not gone away . 
 it held up motionless , ordinary , markedly self-denying as a vacant cartoon bubble , when just then a solitary message appeared in it as a pop ! 
 in any eureka moment . 
 the bolt-from-the-blue communication struck and pierced his exalting heart . 
 it had him reeling under this new red-flagged occasion . 
 it spawned in him a simple though urgent question . 
 where is the fairway ? 
 4 one answer came as a heavy thud . 
 this was followed fast by his quick-beating heart . 
 right before his eyes there seemed to be a severe paint-peeling going on . 
 this marked well his extreme disappointment . 
 nicolas staggered some in his thoughts . 
 he felt barely able to stand also , physically . 
 if he toppled , nicolas imagined he might appear as yet another hooch tragedy , emanating from the alcohol-selling state of gujarat . 
 he looked eyes-glazed over the flower valley . 
 he peered at what had once been his exact image of perfect peace and absolute goodness . 
 he scanned the multitude of flowers that sparked his fears . 
 he looked dartingly there and there . 
 once a tall , 185 cm figure and proud , nicolas felt greatly diminished . 
 he stood in silence . 
 he looked for any space for an escape . 
 he saw in the violent realities there was no known room without occupying flowers . 
 his hopes sank to their lowest lows . 
 his eagerness now was plainly missing as with state funds being siphoned . 
 nicolas inhaled deeply . 
 he found all this hard to digest . 
 what is this all about anyway ? 
 he thought . 
 more words out of frustration may have come from him had there been no real self control . 
 at this time he thought to cast himself in the role as a defender . 
 nicolas felt these flowers with their bright worried faces were like candles lighted in protest . 
 he heard them raise hue and cry over the desecration issue . 
 he thought the time spent coming up this high heap had all been thoroughly wasted . 
 he looked down and drained . 
 nicolas was convinced he would be heading back down the mountain soon . 
 he had dreams of idle perfection . 
 he turned to arjuna to express his deep concern . 
 having seen the change coming , the old man had readily risen . 
 arjuna looked prepared , standing , waiting beside his small pack . 
 he stood unmoving , not shuffling nor shifting about . 
 he appeared ready and willing , as with any good mentor , to accept whatever may come from the aggrieving youth . 
 and nicolas did speak . 
 `` sir , you confuse me , '' he said in an upset voice . 
 `` am i to hit into these many flowers ? '' 
 nicolas felt he was at some life crossroads . 
 he braced to cope . 
 he stared at the array of colorful wildflowers without having much hope for them . 
 `` destruction before creation , '' said arjuna tenderly , as in a condolence message . 
 this communication was delivered soft . 
 it arrived as if at his doorstep , however , as a norm-buster . 
 nicolas replayed the message from this good teacher . 
 again it went off as a planted bomb . 
 a moment of some silence passed between them . 
 both understood without thinking of it that silence in their culture was not at all offending . 
 still the quiet felt like an affronting whipped-up wind . 
 more seconds passed where each thought the other should say something . 
 the old man caved first . 
 initially , arjuna broke the silence with a throat-clearing cough . 
 he then added a retiring line that denoted grave kindness . 
 `` it is always this way , '' he said , '' and in this way beauty calls . '' 
 nicolas was in turmoil , his eyes fixed and housed terror . 
 it seemed as if bricks and rubble had been strewn all round . 
 he stood there in bits and pieces . 
 for his part , arjuna resisted the base urge to rectify or even solve the problem . 
 he sought only to add to this correct code of conduct . 
 the old man used his influencing strong voice that made starting play here seem almost mandatory . 
 `` finally , '' said arjuna , `` this is shiva and this is love . '' 
 at first nicolas tried to understand this fine nuance . 
 then he had a look suggesting that even attempting to understand this high philosophy could only boomerang back onto him . 
 as playing here would be quite unjust , it occurred to him motivating others , to perhaps join some movement , would be his highest priority . 
 it dawned on this peace promoter too that a candlelight vigil , set for the evening say , might help highlight the grave hazards in playing here . 
 only at the last minute did nicolas move away from saying aloud his wild slew of schemes . 
 he had no desire now to step onto this many-flowered valley , or subtlest example of the divine mother 's good grace . 
 he looked to arjuna for some change of heart . 
 he saw only that the old man was ready to speak more . 
 `` now it 's best for you not to know too much truth , '' said arjuna with consternation , `` or concern yourself with too much understanding . 
 if you were to come to know all , you would not for a single moment think to harm another , eat the flesh of an animal . 
 this i am quite sure . 
 if you were to know all , a look of horror , absolute truth 's first salvo , would bolt across your face in a lightning 's flash . 
 maybe you would fall to your knees just then and bleat like sheep . 
 along my many life-wanderings , i have seen this look numberless times . 
 for you , and it will not always be this way , moving towards wisdom is by performing deed , for yourself and for all that is , and only by performing deed do you make truth be your vow . 
 these are the words i care to express to you , so enjoy heatedly then , by getting out there and performing , as there can be no substitute , all the while remembering that from the four main points of the compass , as well as from above and below , life will come at you . 
 so be ready . '' 
 arjuna allowed a few seconds to pass without speaking more . 
 he gifted himself this break to take in a quantity of air . 
 he replenished his expended breath . 
 then he went back into the hunt . 
 `` now i ask you , nicolas , what are you hesitating about ? 
 go on and take on this battle . 
 get into the game now and carry out your born-into promise . '' 
 nicolas looked out at a sea of distressed flowers . 
 this had him thinking he was not at all ready for this horrific hand and foot action . 
 i can not think of such an act , nicolas told himself . 
 to say i would even consider playing here is really quite scandalous and perhaps subject to libel . 
 nicolas felt sure hitting into these bands of colorful sharp dressers was not one of his options . 
 he wished to escape from this high place . 
 he had the urge to retire to a life of quiet contemplation . 
 nicolas stepped up ways to do away with this situation . 
 in a repeated message he told himself , and rather angrily this time , just end this thing and head back ! 
 he wondered next how it might be to send his drive into this colorful perfumed lot . 
 no , he thought . 
 hitting into this flower valley , which seemed to accept gladly all that came its way , was something i can not see myself doing . 
 and he discarded the notion wholesale . 
 there is only one choice to make , he told himself steady and sure . 
 the choice is either to enter and begin play here or do not at all . 
 one plan stood out prominently in his mind . 
 it was to give an apology to this good teacher , leave here quietly and be back home at the earliest . 
 this was acted out first inside his head . 
 but then , without thinking more of it , he openly said so . 
 he looked to arjuna and told him plainly . 
 `` i 'm sorry if you have been inconvenienced . 
 but i object to this . '' 
 and for a split moment all action escaped him . 
 nicolas looked to the many-flowered valley . 
 the sight of ripe immortal peace in his path overwhelmed him with grief . 
 he experienced a crisis in his own citizenship here . 
 nicolas kumar , son of a thoughtful scholar but chemist by profession , possessing a blameless character , lifted his eyes to the silvered heights for guidance . 
 all came to a standstill for him then as no help seemed forthcoming . 
 he stood feeling coltish . 
 nicolas wondered what more he might do . 
 piously inside he heard a lot of cants . 
 no hope pressed . 
 one thing nicolas knew he could do was put up a brave front in the face of this big playing meltdown . 
 inside his heart ached . 
 how can fate be so unkind ? 
 he thought . 
 again he looked mournfully out at the valley of flowers . 
 he sank down then , as if time and space had both collapsed . 
 his back he held erect . 
 the heel of his right foot pressed firm at the base of his spine and he said , `` i will not . '' 
 5 nicolas sat planted as a seed or sapling . 
 in perfect silence he stayed still there , not moving and also not doing . 
 by changing the form of a crucial verb , nicolas , stricken , knew he had undertaken his firmest reservations here . 
 he felt at the core of some supreme righteousness . 
 he made believe too he was calm and not that wounded . 
 he planned to stay where he was , sitting there doing not much . 
 he appeared ready for a good long fight ahead . 
 in demonstrating this asan from classical yoga , nicolas attempted next to not have one thought-desire . 
 he set his mind for some compressed repair . 
 nicolas closed his eyes . 
 to any who happened by , he was glad he would appear as one who is holy , an astute guru in his own right , unraveling the immense mysteries of the vast universe . 
 he entertained the idea of staying this way for all time . 
 he felt he could stage this strike or dharna until hell froze him over . 
 this could come in just a few months ' time , he quickly figured out , by the onset of an early winter . 
 a fresh moment passed where otherwise he might have been up and doing . 
 lid-blinded he stared into dark chaos . 
 nicolas felt the urge to act . 
 he moved his forearms down onto his knees . 
 his forefingers and thumbs touched to form a pair of neat circles . 
 in this way he struck a near-perfect pose of achieved bliss or perceived blessed joyousness . 
 he got more settled . 
 nicolas hoped to show his nobleness more . 
 he sensed the flowers come in close and he opened his eyes . 
 the flowers looked as if they wished to thank him and to somehow aid him . 
 they appeared to move in closer . 
 nicolas sat feeling loved , surrounded by these visitors . 
 he imagined they were grateful for what he was now doing for them individually , as well as for the community as a whole . 
 the pulsating sea of flowers came in crushingly close then to try and compress him . 
 he next imagined them showing a more friendlier what 's up ? 
 attitude towards him . 
 nicolas sensed the flowers turn angrily west at him . 
 they appeared to him as any large crowd on a railway platform . 
 he made believe they were gathering expectantly for their final shuffle , sudden rush , push and hard shove , towards the one exhibiting the awe-inspiring bright light . 
 he then created a sense that railway police officers were present . 
 nicolas had the coppers take up positions over all in the valley . 
 he had them holding up their lathis , or baton weapons to be used on the flowers if needed . 
 nicolas gave his attention next to these mountain pillars . 
 they stood as giant law-keepers over all in the valley . 
 the indian himalayas outlined strikingly the area 's terrain that bordered on rich decadence . 
 he was unhappy then with the breeze coming in which no player worth his salt could ever really trust . 
 an electrifying charge permeated the chilly atmosphere . 
 nicolas again took refuge in his mind . 
 he militated more against playing up here . 
 he considered a fast-unto-death . 
 he cited under his breath , nobody can dictate terms to me , recent qualifier of the open championship , not even this good teacher , learned as he appears to be . 
 nicolas pondered this until realization surely thumped him that he was indeed being made to play into these flowers . 
 he said aloud and defiantly , `` no , i ca n't possibly . 
 i can not soil my hands by striking out at those near and dear to me . '' 
 `` and by pause do you defend your position any better in this world , '' said arjuna . 
 `` by not striking out and entering this fray , '' he added , `` do you -- '' `` yes , but this is not a fair way ! '' 
 erupted nicolas , sensing no scope for mercy . 
 he said to himself , what could father and this good fellow have been thinking ? 
 may god bless all such people with some sense . 
 `` i can not say what is fair and not right , '' the old man said in an even , modest tone . 
 `` maybe seeing things just and so is , yes , unfair . 
 would n't you say that good and bad traverse this course together ? 
 perhaps you are more accustomed to fairways made from benares silk . 
 no doubt i am behind the times , but may i call you sweet ? '' 
 then in a more serious manner he added , `` now is the time , dear nicolas , for you to convert this place into your own fair way virtue and exhibition ground , as it is all experience anyway . '' 
 `` but i do not want this freedom ! '' 
 cried nicolas , stating this at some volume . 
 `` give me the tried and true knowing most everyone enjoys , as i have no desire to change anyone . 
 i have only to adjust for them and things will be made right . '' 
 nicolas went quiet . 
 but then he added , `` have you not been telling me since we began all are kin ? '' 
 and in his grief more sorrowful words came from him . 
 with tenderness from a kind heart the old man listened . 
 his gentle consideration of the youth , the luckless warrior here , sympathetically understood his grief to be much like his own when he was young and in the company of his exalted teacher . 
 at that long ago time , when shockingly pitted against his cousins , the old man remembered how he had undergone his own power crisis . 
 nicolas had the idea now that nothing could lift him above his current state of demurral . 
 he thought that no one need advise him . 
 as the battlelines had been clearly drawn , it occurred to him that not even a police lathi-charge could get him to start his play here . 
 at this time , the challenge-busting feeling sat inside him as a yogi in near-perfect posture . 
 nicolas looked to his clubs sadly . 
 they remained standing by and idle . 
 this put him in a more fouler , brooding mood . 
 his sad eyes sought arjuna 's . 
 his eyes looked as one on the verge of filing a mercy plea . 
 but excusing this youth , by giving him some sympathy waiver , was not at all what this good teacher was willing to do . 
 and nicolas saw that . 
 tension gripped . 
 the feeling of no intention ruled him . 
 nicolas remained seated in this magnificent outdoor space . 
 he carried on making remarks in his mind . 
 this produced yet another good start for more mental agitation . 
 will you be the offender or the offended ? 
 nicolas asked his self . 
 no , he answered and his gloom darkened . 
 and while using his guile he added , `` i will be neither the offender nor the offended . '' 
 6 nicolas showed his firm intention . 
 he had a look on his face that reached this elder soft as a baby 's touch , and the message was that he , nicolas kumar , the unbegun , would be spending an infinite amount of chill time at this spot . 
 arjuna smiled . 
 he knew the difficulty in understanding this high philosophy . 
 the old man was not upset , nor was he at all troubled by this refusal . 
 he felt gratified only thinking mildly , this is the way it is . 
 the old man eased back in his mind . 
 his eyes went more remote . 
 he returned to his own formative years . 
 he threw more light onto his distant playing past . 
 the one with the lifelong adolescent smile had returned to his earlier playing self . 
 he was again in the company of his exalted teacher . 
 this guide stood all but solidly beside him plain as day . 
 his life tutor was instructing him then in the most high-ranking way . 
 and the message was he must go out into this world to perform . 
 the old man came back to the valley when he felt more in favor of fighting today 's battles than yesterday 's . 
 all was not lost , however , as arjuna had brought back with him one nugget of advice . 
 `` hardest of all and by a long shot , '' he said , `` is the going out after the battle , to carry on correctly , while struggling to live daily by these high ideals , and not fall back too often . '' 
 arjuna wished to press on hard now . 
 he sought to give his youth-rendered philosophics a more serious twirl . 
 `` there are no graves here , '' he said . 
 `` eliminate this first mistake . 
 take time to understand this , and years may not do , but come to know its verity . 
 remember , all alive will live always and never have you not been , and nature , while rewarding action , allots little to indifference . '' 
 the old man went quiet . 
 he appeared to be formulating what next to say . 
 then he was back at it , instructing in the fine art of enlightening . 
 `` now is the time for you to show your great talents , '' the old man said , `` being as they are reputed , and to discover a true happiness that is already yours . 
 you are young . 
 know inexperience as opportunity and nothing to fear . 
 so think well here , dear nicolas . 
 come up in life and not down in spirit as performing task is your great instinct . '' 
 nicolas kumar refused to budge . 
 without hint of tiredness or perceived disappointment , arjuna contentedly continued . 
 `` nothing can be achieved without drive , '' he said . 
 `` and fairest best is the achiever . 
 with your ambition , exciting changes will happen now to you . 
 so do act , nicolas , if it wills you . 
 remember , on this day along with most others there is need for action . '' 
 nicolas lifted his eyes to the soaring indian himalayas . 
 he thought little of arjuna 's words . 
 he felt pushed into this brooding mood . 
 he then began hatching a marvelous plan . 
 when nicolas had more or less worked it out , he shot back with more lip sympathy . 
 `` i am aware of this yet my troubles are not ended . 
 the ball is tiny , and from my view the target is minute and far off . 
 can we not just bypass this colorful patch ? '' 
 no answer came . 
 a long pause between the two ensued . 
 the talking break seemed to chill even the quite cool air . 
 nicolas planned to say not one thing more . 
 he told himself it would not be him who spoke first . 
 but then he did so . 
 `` is it not preferable to forgo play here than to harm these many flowers ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` why must i hit into this trouble ? 
 what is the purpose served in using this brute force ? 
 how could this possibly lead me to get better ? '' 
 he surveyed a cruel landscape . 
 in an ultimate do-nothing show , he then held his breath that lasted upwards of half a minute . 
 nicolas discovered this one life responsibility was most difficult to deny . 
 with relief he started in again with the activity known as simple breathing . 
 for a time arjuna remained silent . 
 he needed this break , between added talk , to think up ways to answer the youth 's many posed questions . 
 he wanted to reassess his approach also , along with his tone . 
 once the old man had figured it out , he returned to instructing though more gently . 
 `` dear nicolas '' he said . 
 `` shake off halfheartedness and do the needful . 
 the feeling of enjoy for you wants to go in : in study , in work , in society from which you take and give back . 
 go into your faith as well , as you go into these high hills stuffed to capacity with outstanding history . 
 go into this happy-sad world and find your way to create . 
 it will not come to you naturally . 
 this burden comes to you as a blessing as well as a curse . 
 and the meaning of enjoy is to go out into this world to create and give back joyfully , for yourself and for others , along with for all that is . '' 
 throughout , nicolas sat with his head downcast . 
 at this time the thought of not playing weighed on him . 
 when he felt sure arjuna was done speaking , he looked up from his sorry low position . 
 nicolas affixed sad eyes on this teacher . 
 `` is it that i am afraid ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` it is not only this , '' answered arjuna , continuing in his limitless compassion . 
 `` what is more you have done well in this form science . 
 but science is a friendly shepherd dog wearing spiked collar to discourage hungry , truth-seeking leopards . 
 my thinking is this way anyway . 
 what 's more are fear 's opposites , love and truth . 
 science is not love , can it then be truth ? 
 truth is we have life . 
 that is truth . 
 and truth is we will die . 
 the voice will not . 
 the soul and the voice are the same to me . 
 they have a kind of vibration . 
 so when you are talking the voice leaves the body in the shape of the breath . 
 and it is all there : your thoughts , what you have been doing , and what you say . 
 that is why it is important to take good care of the words you use because they are you . 
 of course truth too is this : the equal equation of saying and doing and all you have been thinking . '' 
 the old man went quiet . 
 he allowed a moment to pass in absolute silence . 
 then he said , `` what 's in your past is done now . 
 your previous thoughts , your words and actions , all have a life of their own , so you may leave them there or visit sometime as you wish . '' 
 feeling hemmed in , nicolas looked away from this good teacher . 
 his mind went on another rampage . 
 he still had serious suspicions over playing here . 
 his eyes searched all round as any cornered animal 's . 
 he looked to the blue skies for what he held sacred . 
 quiet in him returned . 
 nicolas put together his palms at the chest . 
 he mumbled an oft-recited prayer . 
 he hoped this act of penance might get stamped as recorded in the afterworld , for use in his future help . 
 `` sending this prayer into the world is well and good , '' said arjuna , jumping in at another opportunity to inform . 
 `` but do you have the expectation something will be done by it ? '' 
 the youth 's mood brightened . 
 his sagging spirits rose to new heights . 
 as he had a ready-steady answer for this , his feelings achieved uplift . 
 his thoughts too changed for the better . 
 he felt his future few remarks could rehabilitate him . 
 nicolas got even more keyed up . 
 it felt like cheer time . 
 the human heart is made up of human flesh , he recited inside as preparation . 
 and prayer is what the mind makes up , which comes from the heart . 
 nicolas considered this while remaining still seated . 
 he felt certain his forthcoming explanation would bring him back from this hard edge . 
 he believed his future comments may grant him full recovery . 
 due to his teacher 's words , nicolas seemed set again to soar . 
 his only giveaway was a crafty , sly smile that was almost indiscernible . 
 nicolas kumar paused as if deep in thought . 
 he shared this moment with god . 
 then , in a tick , as if he could not hold it in any longer , he was ready to pounce back with the correct quote . 
 `` well , i do , '' he said , attempting to hide his glee . 
 `` while i do not pray for someone to save me , i hope the goddess mother would see me as sincere and reap blessings , yes . '' 
 `` hope is a vanity , '' said arjuna , admonishing the youth gently for his earnest appeal . 
 a moment of some silence stood squarely between them as an eerie phantom . 
 tension rose . 
 in the core of this , arjuna wished to change the subject . 
 he thought to say a pleasant morning walk , or taking regular exercise , was better than accepting the best help from some one other , meaning mostly himself . 
 still he remained quiet . 
 more time passed before arjuna set out to break the disturbing calm . 
 `` used as expectation , '' he said , `` hope becomes a mode only for spiritual ignorance , clouding what is otherwise a clear-blue sky . '' 
 nicolas looked to the sky described . 
 he gazed next at this fantastic bowl of land that was cushion-like . 
 he peered out at the valley lit ablaze with bright color . 
 nicolas felt dazed and deflated . 
 he seemed under the spell of harsh diseases . 
 with no sign yet of correct culture to guide him , his heart sank more . 
 he appeared at sea over what to do next . 
 but then he did do something . 
 abruptly nicolas stood up from his throne . 
 the new entrant to this flowerful arena stepped off the tee block square without uttering a word . 
 he strode down to the water . 
 he walked briskly as well as forthrightly down to the fast-flowing stream . 
 he appeared ready to fight . 
 he had on a look of defiance in performing some duty . 
 7 at the water 's edge he saw a small signboard . 
 it was bolted to a vile stake stuck firmly , though savagely into the given green ground , as if on the front lawn of someone 's placid-looking home reading : test your manhood some other way than by shooting at harmless birds , plants and animals ! 
 the 17-year-old , with not much hope left , bent down at the limited unclaimed property , or slight clearing by the blue stream and kept on edge . 
 the school-going teenager was then on his knees in the peculiar palms ' pose that had him looking like one large animal the sign had just cautioned . 
 from this brute-beast position , living life would be only to find prey , breed , and settle down out here somewhere for the nights . 
 after the swift parking of his hands , onto the grassy floor , nicolas went forward as far as he could without tumbling in . 
 he leaned over where there was a meditative pool of water to look into . 
 on arrival at this auspicious place , he was nearly prostrate before settling back some . 
 he took one long look at the being floating directly beneath him . 
 it lay face up in the shallows . 
 it immediately sent back its side of the picture : an effigy on the spot . 
 laid bare to him there , appearing to await its full embrace , was his ghostly darker twin for which he had a twinge of dislike . 
 curiously he saw himself as a threat . 
 but then the look on his face grew into an ever-widening gyro , from a dropped bead of sweat off his brow . 
 the water picture appeared to seek out wildly then a spot far from this center . 
 it looked to be fleeing in fear for its own individual safety . 
 it returned to being a nourishing fluidity at ease . 
 nicolas reflected well upon his beauty self . 
 he gazed at this personality down in the water that was not an uncommon affair . 
 he volunteered more to take a long learning look to determine its genuineness . 
 the pooling water became a stall only for his undemanding preening needs . 
 soon after the meeting of the i 's , he reached in to take a sip from this mountain stream and supreme beverage of choice to anyone . 
 nicolas put in his big dippers as if offering hard cash at the temple to ensure the best result . 
 he watched the water cram onto his hands in an apparent bid to make its own surreptitious escape . 
 he looked to the stream 's center . 
 nicolas felt the water was a lot like him at this time : preferring lower places as being far more appropriate . 
 he perceived a host of wildflowers on the other side of the stream . 
 they appeared wrapped in bundles as for making him commendable gifts . 
 the variety of flowers on that far side made for a less pleasing sensation . 
 again , he gazed down at the water where like splendor had been written . 
 he was absorbed by this , his gorgeousness self , or fave hero in apparent good health , depicted just then at a sort of side profile . 
 he smiled . 
 nicolas looked away from his own eyes as if unable to bear modeling more . 
 at next glance , the familiar image or case of ego clash appeared oddly to calm him . 
 he moved to take a superb drink . 
 he reached in again with cupped hands to touch the most startling texture ever . 
 his mind wandered more . 
 his thoughts went from the terrible task of performing up here . 
 he fled from thinking of playing on this high course , for the simple reason that it could . 
 nicolas tried concentrating on the water . 
 he discovered as from out of the blue he was no longer eager to resist more . 
 this new look seemed supported by a sky-on-blue riding pillion . 
 the water did not suggest any option for him , other than to go on and start his play here . 
 he considered again the eternal question of getting out there and performing . 
 relating to this sensation , greater intensity crept . 
 now he thought it was not too unreasonable to step onto this flower community . 
 he felt all might be okay . 
 then , in another attempt at prolonging , the words `` be professional and polite '' came to bless and pass by his lips . 
 he mustered courage then stood up . 
 back on the ground , after multiple stares down in the water , along with staring down his own myths , the bottoms of his feet stamped down hard all calls over leaving here , and for a brief moment he lost all interest in this place : the ongoing coordination from all in the outdoors , seemingly hell-bent on grinding at him in bombastic opposition . 
 nicolas returned from this distance a species standing . 
 he was a pulsating upright form now walking , though with the renewed powers of reasoning . 
 the youth or undertrial , his mind back in the active state and feeling charged now , ruled out all calls for reassessing . 
 he scanned the flowers of sizable number . 
 he estimated their near-total destruction . 
 as for explaining his sudden departure to the middling stream , nicolas broke through all cordons . 
 he thought to say to this awaiting teacher , i am ready now . 
 then he did so . 
 without caution , or more concern-for-all hesitation he said , `` i 'm ready now , '' and felt the tiny stings and tingles of a hundred thousand million eyes pierce onto him . 
 arjuna showed his famous grin . 
 his trademarked boyhood beam was a mix of fun and jest . 
 his gladness seemed as all in the outside world : doing rather well at this time and was also quite spacious . 
 it was an occasion of sheer happiness to him . 
 his smile could be seen too , nicolas thought , as a gateway to some quite cool resilience . 
 the old man 's cheerfulness was a pleasant surprise to the youth . 
 nicolas had anticipated a top-to-bottom chastising by him for storming off the mound that way . 
 for his part the old man was glad young nicolas had , all by himself , removed his opposition on playing up here . 
 he felt pleased also from the beauty thought he was having from the old song stating even the longest journey begins with a solitary step . 
 his happiness was such he may have declared four days of celebration . 
 however , in keeping with tradition , by attempting to set up some spiritual end , he did not set out to burst firecrackers . 
 instead , arjuna bent low to fetch the transcendental conch . 
 soon he had in his hands the overlarge devadatta , or great battle-shell that was lord indra 's loud gift . 
 the old man stood smiling . 
 he looked as if he wanted to exchange a few jokes . 
 he went to put a hand on the youth 's right shoulder . 
 arjuna seemed ready to tell him he had been part of one big practical joke . 
 smiling , holding something back , the old man looked as if he were going to tell nicolas that he had all along been part of a half-comic reality show , or some nutty tv promo set up to trap him . 
 but arjuna told not one thing about any joke . 
 he said with understatement , `` very well then . '' 
 and , `` if you insist . '' 
 he stepped back a pace . 
 arjuna set about fiddling with the conch by raising the shell with both hands . 
 he looked as if he were going to play a jazzy tune on a saxophone . 
 the old man 's thoughts too ranged , as he fingered the age-old horn . 
 mostly , he wished not to allow what was meant only as a brief observance to be blown out of all proportion . 
 several seconds passed as he tried finding a good grip . 
 his plan at getting nicolas to start his play here seemed to hang in the balance . 
 time ticked . 
 the beating heart of the watcher ticked away . 
 nicolas put his hands on his hips in the western aggressive manner . 
 he questioned whether this teacher was capable of doing whatever it was he was trying to do . 
 but then arjuna did find good grip . 
 he lowered then raised sharply the conch to his lips . 
 he took in a breath to fill up his lungs . 
 the trumpet seashell , or great attribute to vishnu that was remarkably found in these mountains , and so was measureless years old , sounded over the valley of flowers . 
 it resonated over this high hill district especially blessed by lord brahma . 
 arjuna blew the instrument with the sweetest strain that might have covered miles . 
 the musical device of ancient primal energy , which traditionally signals the start of play anywhere , could again be heard . 
 the old man sounded the horn across this flowered valley , or outstanding setting for creating perfect legends . 
 louder still , he put out the call to all youth everywhere to get out there and perform . 
 arjuna lowered the conch for keeps . 
 he then headed to the rear of the tee box . 
 he returned the ancient sea-born noise producer . 
 on coming back , he removed his shawl worn on this chilly morning . 
 he perceived his younger , more proud-playing self . 
 the old man went between being young and then old , but without having much preference . 
 he took off his jacket . 
 arjuna went as a warrior might to the youth 's standing pack . 
 as for the clubs , they looked almost bored . 
 the clubs stood at military attention in the off chance they might be needed . 
 arjuna shifted the irons around to simply hear their sound . 
 he rested a hand on the driver . 
 he stared out at the flower valley . 
 he asked for and received one ball . 
 nicolas kumar also provided him with one red tee . 
 the old man removed the cover of the driver . 
 he yanked the club out from the youth 's standing pack . 
 he went to set the ball atop the tee or position-holder . 
 he backed up , step by slow step . 
 arjuna stopped a few paces behind and here his expression changed . 
 the old man went from appearing friendly to one familiar with being quite fierce . 
 he seemed used to severe brooding . 
 he looked ready to stare down this flower fairway forever . 
 arjuna then made a few arm movements loosely associated with helpful stretching . 
 he stood the driver against himself . 
 he extended an arm over his head while the other arm went behind his back where his two hands clasped . 
 he looked to be turning himself into a twisted salted pretzel . 
 the old man gauged the length of one spot to hit his drive . 
 the place he had in mind was sparked by the sun burning bright . 
 as with the one lit ablaze , all in the valley appeared filled with limitless fresh beginnings . 
 he looked light-years away . 
 arjuna returned in his mind to a scene that happened long ago . 
 he arrived as if on time to witness again the very moment he had shown his playing skills so well . 
 the young-again arjuna was back then , at that prestigious tourney , set so deep in his past though not forgotten . 
 now any would believe a miraculous event was about to take place . 
 8 arjuna was then in full flashback mode . 
 he flitted between this one reality as well as all abstract time with the seeming joy of a boy . 
 he arrived fighting-fit in both arenas , referred to by life practitioners as then and now . 
 the old man threw in plenty of crowd sounds to go with his imagining . 
 arjuna recalled the virulent hand claps he had always received in his day . 
 the large crowd shouted from all four grand directional points of the compass save one . 
 they cheered him on wildly as their valiant hero . 
 arjuna 's army , three bands fifty and he at the helm as their brigade commander , was surely back again . 
 the gambling rebel in him too had returned , and with plenty of time on his hands . 
 the one with the great charisma then recalled the thunderous applause he had always received from his once magnificent army . 
 this resounded deafeningly now in his ears . 
 arjuna 's mind had only just come back to the valley when a gigantic roar lit up over one section of this fantastic flower crowd . 
 arjuna watched his self as in real-time video . 
 he saw his younger self bend to tee up on the opening hole of his first major . 
 he recalled just a day earlier at practice when paired with two well-known players . 
 both were in mid-careers at the time , and one had afforded him a challenge-promoting comment . 
 the remark had at first mortified him . 
 later , as the days turned into months then years that too piled up , the words only gladdened him . 
 he surmised that this moment had helped shape him as a player as well as into a mature man . 
 it added to his cherished memories of the yesteryears . 
 the incident took place after one of the pair of marquee names , considered among the game 's legends , grimaced while watching arjuna take another nervous hack at the ball . 
 this famous player said to the other , and loud enough so arjuna could hear it , ` what 's this kid doing here ? ' 
 another recollection came to him . 
 he recalled with warm fondness the satisfied look on the venerable man himself . 
 he recognized the grand master of this celebrated tourney . 
 the great gentleman appeared to welcome this brand of tough mental competition . 
 he was in his chair at the time and smiling , looking as if he were enjoying a well-earned breather . 
 in utterless awe , arjuna thought it remarkable that this man is voted , even in this modern day and age , time after time still , as the greatest player who ever lived . 
 arjuna returned then to this flowered valley , designed by some unperceived greatness . 
 a picture appeared of this famous player . 
 it showed in the sky beside one mountain peak . 
 it was nearest the heavens also . 
 it looked to have been from the time of his greatest triumph , achieving golf 's grand slam . 
 the image arjuna had in mind was the size of a building 's hoarding . 
 it looked to entice all who might try their luck up here with the message , come relax with the divine . 
 flash forward to today on a superb , bright-lit summer 's morning , the message rumbled with authority . 
 arjuna 's consciousness came back to register a practice swing . 
 the old man understood the decision to swing had been made on his behalf while he was away . 
 he wanted to know how this could happen without him being properly informed . 
 his fidgety reflexes perked up then . 
 he gripped the upstart driver in an effort to quell a rebellion . 
 the youthful arjuna , with the down-to-earth manner , appeared ready to take up the big swing . 
 he looked all set to go with his flamboyant , go-for style that was all out . 
 his body went through a flurry of whipped-up activities . 
 one more practice swing was administered , and this time he was present . 
 the swing effort was a genial leg-spinner , sweetened for any situational humor on primetime tv . 
 it was over in a flash when the club rose at the follow through in apparent high triumph . 
 arjuna remained pointing his arms towards the heavens . 
 his follow through looked to be a solemn flag-hoist . 
 this seemed to be one for the guys . 
 he rested the club onto his shoulder to the memory of those he was fond of recalling . 
 in his heart arjuna knew they were temporarily inhabiting the grandest of all pasturelands , to get refreshed , before returning to compete again , with an equal amount of style along with a whole lot of grace . 
 with his feet somewhat planted , the old man hitched up his pants . 
 arjuna did this a time or two more in a routine that could pass as a ritual in a pagan religion . 
 this was quite entertaining to young nicolas . 
 he looked to have benefited immensely . 
 he thought it curious to get ready this way , one in which nobody could forget soon . 
 the once-assured or one called king by his legion of loyal followers , and begrudgingly so by his competitors , turned his hips to stand better over the ball . 
 suddenly he backed away from it . 
 he stepped out of the pocket to walk a few paces behind . 
 the old man gave ball and flower fairway a long look . 
 he did this while furiously reforming his grip on the driver . 
 some time passed before arjuna went back into it . 
 he had a look on his face that could scare crows . 
 the old man stepped up and took his stance over a ball he perceived as being intimidated by him . 
 man and ball then gave one another a wink-wink knowingness over who was truly the boss here . 
 this stare-down left one participant a tad undecided . 
 after which that one backed off . 
 again , arjuna stepped away from the plate . 
 the old man took several quick quarter-swings . 
 the stern look upon his face , along with the sorrowful shaking of his head , seemed to suggest that stepping away was indeed needed . 
 he came back into it . 
 arjuna settled into his stance . 
 when he seemed persuaded by it , a waft of wind arrived to thwart him . 
 the wind came in again to antagonize more . 
 nicolas gave no thought to the breeze . 
 he was concerned only with the swing of this past master . 
 the chill air calmed . 
 it moved arjuna to arrive at some acceptance . 
 soon he was a mere dot presence in the glory of all . 
 no friend , the wind kicked up again to chide him . 
 nicolas was glad not to be the one at the plate at this time . 
 he heaved a sigh of relief that it would not be him teeing off there and then . 
 for the moment he was happy not to be the one getting that kind of unwanted wind attention . 
 arjuna backed off again to take more practice swings . 
 the twisted set of body instructions that followed seemed not to be coming from an otherwise sane man . 
 to the uninitiated , arjuna 's swing may have looked like it had come up from one or more layers of dante 's hell . 
 it occurred to nicolas the old man 's swing , known at one time as the end-bringer , could not possibly have been manifested from the known world . 
 to him , arjuna 's swing looked to be an odd dance mix of hop , tap , bop , with a bit of boogie thrown in . 
 then his swing did change . 
 his swing had acquired more finer , poetic lines . 
 indeed , his swing no longer seemed to be punishing some wayward sinner . 
 still arjuna finished hands-up high as if caught in a crime . 
 a breeze came to open the youth 's shutters to an altered way of seeing . 
 strong wisps arrived to say arjuna 's swing was a thing to cherish . 
 next thing nicolas heard his mind say was that he should appreciate all things . 
 this included , he assumed , arjuna 's twisting up follow through . 
 the old man wailed away on yet another practice swing . 
 the club hit the ground at impact . 
 this offered up another thing to love called turf . 
 the fantastic god-creation known as arjuna 's swing went wild yet again . 
 gladly it seemed his swing had finished arms , elbows , hands up high . 
 a changed man , nicolas saw the old man 's swing as a thing of utmost beauty . 
 one more blow came down hard onto the earth . 
 the turf that rose seemed to pop up and ask , why me ? 
 in place of actual kindness , nicolas felt that the breeze had meant for him to be a bit more honest . 
 this may have resulted in him coughing up a lung from laughter . 
 he heard in his head the call for him to accept all swing gyrations . 
 nicolas listened to his mind say , these too are born and created things . 
 it meant each was lovely , a thing to cherish and not scoff at . 
 he looked at arjuna 's swing that seemed to be a series of extreme wrongdoings . 
 he wanted to know how something as beautiful and natural as a golf swing could go so wrong . 
 as he did not want to be detected for any sniper grinning , his head shot down to stare at the grass that had become so exceedingly interesting . 
 he thought to assume the guise of a practicing philosopher . 
 from this down-looking position nicolas heard another swing fly by . 
 he stifled a smirk . 
 he suffocated it sufficiently . 
 nicolas was then hard at work inventing an expression he could show more publicly . 
 he went back to observing arjuna 's efforts at getting started . 
 after more practice swings , the old man suddenly backed off his three-point stance . 
 he stepped away from the plate to escape from some undetermined pressure . 
 he took in a larger scope of the flower fairway . 
 arjuna studied all he surveyed . 
 he peered at the indian himalayas made up of vanilla ice cream . 
 the upturned cones with ice cream on top appeared vast and majestic . 
 they looked moderately eaten also from a few bright-lit days . 
 arjuna thought of those residing in the heavenly beyond . 
 without a word , he headed to the one teed up . 
 he went step by slow step . 
 the old man went as one attempting to get back his swag or say-so . 
 nicolas sent his head back down . 
 he studied once more the same patch of grass that had so fascinated him . 
 he feared what might come at any time from arjuna 's sudden moves at the ball . 
 nicolas hid another urge to crack up . 
 one question loomed in the gloom . 
 it seemed destined to remain beyond his efforts at mind control . 
 the idea crept close and stayed . 
 the thought parked there in his little bean . 
 the suggestion seemed as if it might remain until someone brave happened along to tell arjuna a thing or two about the ease of hitting a little white ball , which was not even moving . 
 arjuna took another turn at things . 
 this induced yet one more gash on the ground . 
 a gash too showed on the youth 's now-hurting face . 
 nicolas saw yet another clump of grass pop up . 
 it looked like a newly awoken visitor . 
 the grass seemed determined to relate a grievance to a park ranger . 
 arjuna 's next swing saw more grass pop up to complain . 
 a chunk flew to one area . 
 it appeared to look for outside help . 
 arjuna 's slashing at the ground opened up something more . 
 nicolas might have suffered a wider grin had his hand not reached up then to save the day . 
 he was glad the old man had not turned and looked his way . 
 in place of finding out , arjuna had discovered a good grip . 
 yet even this required more adjustments . 
 a familiar query arrived in the youth 's mind . 
 it swirled as if carried on the wind . 
 the thought suggested nicolas give up his quest for overall fairness . 
 his mind seemed to be telling him to quit his claim that all should be deemed lovely . 
 another question could be heard in the remote regions of his mind . 
 his thinker pushed the idea forward . 
 it asked aloud what he would only dare muster under his breath . 
 both breeze and boy confided in one another . 
 rebellion brewed within the ranks . 
 together in the youth 's outgoing breath , the two , acting like juvenile delinquents , managed to say in unison , faint though none too vaguely , `` could that swing have ever actually worked ? '' 
 9 nicolas concerned himself with the old man 's hand and arm movements . 
 he thought they were far too harried and also hurried . 
 nicolas felt there were needless gestures in them for such an easy task as hitting a little white ball . 
 as with the clubs , the one teed-up looked almost bored . 
 it appeared fed up with all the swing practice and dealt with it simply by ignoring it . 
 the ball appeared to be in a state it had always been in : looking relaxed with who and what it was , while waiting for someone other to get his act together . 
 nicolas kumar felt sorry for the ball , along with himself , for dragging both up here for this . 
 the ball remained parked atop the tee as any glamorized person . 
 it sat fat on its sleek red throne . 
 the one teed up had the look of a hot-shot celebrity pro , accustomed to being catered to . 
 in comparison with arjuna , the little ball looked markedly composed . 
 it seemed to not have one worldly care . 
 the look on the old man 's face suggested the ball had , as if by magic , become something of a soothe-saying mystic . 
 it occurred to him the ball could even start levitating . 
 arjuna 's concentration switched up then . 
 he went from being somewhat interested in the ball to all-out hypnotic . 
 he then had a look on his face of disbelief . 
 the old man seemed incredulous as to how this one thing could outdo him in the matter of mind control . 
 concerning the old man 's stance , nicolas thought it was a bit askew . 
 it seemed arjuna 's body was aiming left towards the tribal regions of pakistan . 
 the clubhead , on the other hand , looked to have altogether different travel plans . 
 it appeared to be heading right in the general direction of kathmandu . 
 this set up seemed bent on dying a miserable death . 
 it 's a stance and swing worthy of a few giggles , thought nicolas . 
 he then went back to considering the old man 's everlasting requirement to shift about so . 
 he felt arjuna need not mess with his grip so often . 
 what really is the point in all that ? 
 he told himself . 
 as if he had heard , the old man left off the agreement , or mafia goon contract he seemingly had out on the grip . 
 he let go his hold some on the one nearly strangled to give his trousers a hike . 
 still unsure about hitting , arjuna went at his pants as a seamstress might in taking up the slack . 
 the old man gave his pants a tug , one side then the other , as if this would set things right or situate positive all that made life wretched in this world : hunger , poverty , disease . 
 when arjuna appeared to have settled the matter with his pants , though issues remained , he viewed with equal eye the eternal restlessness of all in the valley of flowers . 
 he stared at this wild . 
 he added a few half-practice swings for no good reason . 
 `` he might cut down on his pace , '' said nicolas softly so no one could hear . 
 yes , that would be one thing he could do , agreed another inside . 
 `` among many , '' chimed in the first , in a voice nobody could possibly catch . 
 he 's doing his best as coach or life guide , said the second from within . 
 but he can not be expected to do everything . 
 nicolas told himself also , well , it is true he is good with his life-fielding drills . 
 he is good with his strategies too , said this one who made the other stay quiet inside . 
 of this there is no smidgen of doubt . 
 but he can not be expected to do everything . 
 arjuna viewed his chosen landing spot out on the fairway . 
 he focused on one spot two hundred or so meters out . 
 the old man stood ready to make any minute now an attempt at it by not thinking too much . 
 he had always believed it was best to step up simply , concentrate on a particular color , an ocean-blue maybe , then swing all out . 
 nevertheless , arjuna understood once age catches up with any morning walker he is put back more times than he gets going forward . 
 with this knowing gift , the old man smiled at his current predicament . 
 he became happy , fully aware where he was now physically , and from how amusing this must seem to those standing by waiting patiently . 
 to combat his known deficits , he thought to just breathe in deep and relax . 
 the value of the breath or breathing correctly is underrated , considered the old man . 
 he thought how much he enjoyed being up in these mountains . 
 arjuna was happiest , he knew , being in the glorious untamed . 
 he felt glad too being in the company of this fine young fellow . 
 the old man understood well that while held in by age in the immediate present , he was free to travel into his past , and do so whenever he liked . 
 although he did have yearnings for his drive to attain good height , length , then have it sit up nicely on some turf , he knew it may not happen that way and he was content with that . 
 in performing any life duty , the old man thought it well and good to intellectually plan it first , but then be willing to let go of the intellect , to carry on intuitively , to allow any idea to develop and live as it might . 
 he thought this ideal for his stage in life , known as the sannyasi or one in full retirement . 
 he believed it was best to use his powers of letting go . 
 he felt the intellect , or splendid mind gift should also be used selectively . 
 the old man remembered then welcomed the return of his younger playing self . 
 this one appeared to have arrived directly from that long ago major battlefield . 
 he stood by silently . 
 to get ready more , the old man evoked the three breathings : prana , vyana and apana . 
 this exercise gives all who try it their ultimate strength in performing an endeavor . 
 arjuna concentrated on this ancient technique in proper breathing . 
 keep the peace and do not go looking for more excitement , he advised his younger self . 
 this was meant to relax him so he might calmly enjoy the essence . 
 but then a cleanliness drive was started by him . 
 originally , when arjuna first set out for europe , then onto america to play professionally , this routine had begun in fun ; however , it soon became a psychic need . 
 mental fret morphed into all-out physical fuss . 
 then it went permanent . 
 on the 1st tee of this himalayan course known as truind , the old man 's nervous energy , based on fear and anxiety , began covering both forearms and pant legs . 
 his one free hand went to wipe the face of the clubhead . 
 he did this in repeated fast motion . 
 arjuna 's hand rose to wipe a bit of sweat off his forehead . 
 in another incarnation of fearing , the old man moistened his left thumb that wiped again the face of the silver-headed driver . 
 that done , he brushed his cheeks with two fingers . 
 he wiped below the nose . 
 this act went up to his forehead to swab what wetness was retained . 
 with his hand acting on fear 's behalf , the old man moved to brush down the puff clouds he had for hair . 
 his hand stayed to pat down all on top . 
 a breeze passed by for no apparent reason other than to mess with his crowning achievements . 
 arjuna went about correcting what was undone . 
 he did this in a flash . 
 he made his hand work as a four-fingered comb . 
 his hand behaved also as a kind of towel tool . 
 this helped erase any lingering wetness . 
 his hand made the trip down then with his hard-at-work fingers to pluck a time or two at the shoulders ' area . 
 he pulled again at his shirt to be extra certain . 
 in this way he hoped his arms , his shoulders , his armpits also , could get more breathing room . 
 purity achieved , arjuna negotiated yet another safe spot for his tee shot to land . 
 now the old man looked ready to put in motion the final touches of one more club waggle . 
 nicolas believed he did this to avoid the actual hitting of the ball . 
 how easy can it be ? 
 he shouted in his head . 
 the thing 's not even moving ! 
 another practice swing occurred for no reason . 
 nicolas cleared his throat . 
 he wished to clear the air also by saying a thing or two about arjuna 's inability to get things rolling . 
 inside he cried out , well , why not just hit the thing ! 
 following more grip renewals , a focused calm appeared on the one with the apparent heavy burden . 
 it may have looked to all and sundry that the old man was ready to hit , and do so with a bit of oomph . 
 after all the obsessions over his clothes , his stance , his grip , the clubhead , his face and hair also , at no other time before now did the old man appear ready to do what was required , and what was asked was that he strike a little white ball and end this sordid drama . 
 the old man gazed at the valley of flowers while nicolas held back another smile . 
 in place of actually beaming , he again sought the grass for some serious mental help . 
 arjuna shifted . 
 he wiggled his hips to settle in better or perhaps add more comedy to this outdoor amphitheater . 
 he then took the driver back . 
 the club returned to its starting point looking rather reluctant . 
 it came back to its apparent rightful position , stuck behind a little white ball . 
 his focus was again on this round ruler . 
 the old man saw the little ball as his equal counterpart in this epic drama by homer . 
 arjuna seemed so fixed he appeared catatonic . 
 this was followed by a glance down the flower fairway , as if one contestant had blinked in a stare fight . 
 he fretted being thought of as soft on rotund little criminals . 
 arjuna feared being pelted by small stones also , if he did not take the shot soon . 
 he gazed back at the ground as the two sides of his brain quarreled . 
 they seemed unable to agree on what to do next . 
 an abbreviated club waggle brought the old man 's focus back onto the club . 
 the clubhead held up behind the ball and above the somewhat moist ground . 
 the ball looked to be performing the sideshow trick known as yogic levitation . 
 except for scattered here and there chatter , blown in on a breeze , the many-flowered valley was an area of perfect silence . 
 the old man 's mind too arrived at a place of peace . 
 stillness overcame him . 
 quiet too came to arjuna 's vast army of followers with the countless crossed fingers . 
 all seemed well and about to get going when arjuna 's one remaining grouse was the actual hitting of the ball . 
 he next thought to study his old film clips from his former playing days . 
 he soon gave that up , though . 
 he came in as from out of the cold to the surprise of at least one , himself . 
 more surprise was in store for him when arjuna noticed the club was inching back . 
 at first he could not believe what his eyes were telling him . 
 but then he saw the driver was indeed extending rearward . 
 it moved along a straight line and in earnest this time . 
 the club traveled low . 
 its silver coating made it seem like a snow leopard stalking . 
 the sleek beast crept across the moist grass slowly . 
 the club left a visible trail where dew had been . 
 it lifted up sharply . 
 his hips turned then from the tension caused by his also-turning shoulders . 
 the club arrived at a spot short of the usual preparatory high point in any swing 's life , which was more or less at parallel . 
 he looked determined to haul off and belt it . 
 in the next instant , the now-young arjuna threw life off to death and let life be born to it yet again and the ball was away , itself a born and created thing . 
 the one flying , rising majestic and beautiful took its rightful spot among the gods in heaven . 
 it seemed content in that high place . 
 arjuna had finished on a high as well . 
 he had finished with his trademark flying-high elbows . 
 to those looking on anxiously , the club pointing up might have seemed like a spiraling up staircase . 
 arjuna looked to be pointing a direct path to the high holy gates . 
 to others , his finish may have looked as if someone were holding up a sword , beckoning all comers to try and test him . 
 it only ended for him with the sudden realization that this psychic trauma was over . 
 he stayed in his follow through position . 
 the young-again arjuna remain posed or beautifully suspended . 
 he wanted to make sure a lesson had indeed been learned . 
 he felt the youth could benefit from this awesome display of power . 
 then the moment came when all had time enough to study his swing and take good note . 
 arjuna brought the club down . 
 he rested it against his left shoulder . 
 the old man did this , though not before allowing photographers their time needed to record , for tomorrow 's headlines say , this memorable head-to-head . 
 10 back onto this hard-matter existence , curiously referred to as a type of present , arjuna had bowled a googly . 
 in this one reality , hard and physical , the old man had hit a jerry ford crowd-ducker into the first shoots of flowers . 
 he had sclaffed the ground hard at impact and the ball left the tee lead-like . 
 it looked shot from a country-made pistol . 
 it had taken off in what is commonly termed as plain ugly . 
 the ball had gone stem-skimming . 
 it had ignored the lake or problem area referred to astutely by game regulators as a water hazard . 
 the ball had appeared to search hastily for a reasonable spot to exit . 
 this was in contrast to its earlier incarnation back on the tee as one cool customer . 
 it had scurried off into the sidelined marginalia as a vacationist . 
 it went into an area not far off the mound . 
 the ball had gone into a place where it looked like hay was kept . 
 the old man 's swing did finish high . 
 his arms twisted up in his trademark corkscrew . 
 he had on an expression that was a true collector 's item . 
 arjuna looked to where his ball had gone with a mixture of relief and some stark disbelief . 
 he understood it had gone into a nearby maze of tall flowers . 
 his drive had fallen short of his high hopes for it . 
 suddenly he called after the shot with renewed gusto . 
 `` may you reincarnate as a two-toed , pod-shod gujarati camel ! '' 
 he said . 
 nicolas , with a clenched fist he held quaking around his mouth , resisted laughing outright . 
 then a smile did break through . 
 his grin showed where before it had been strictly forbidden . 
 the old man smiled too . 
 he understood well the precarious nature of participating on this plane of existence . 
 arjuna was filled then with the feeling of outright humility . 
 the youth broke loose . 
 nicolas burst out laughing without regard on how it might be perceived . 
 arjuna turned to him . 
 the old man said in mock-apology for his comment over a well-known ornery indian camel , `` forgive me , friend . '' 
 arjuna took this chance to play-act more . 
 he did this for the youth 's enjoyment , as well as for his ever-present vast army . 
 he returned the clubhead to the ground . 
 he did this in a resigning gesture . 
 arjuna shook his head in performed disbelief . 
 he went on to his act 's next logical conclusion . 
 he tapped down the ground that had strangely popped up . 
 arjuna knocked back the dreaming tufts of grass . 
 the old man followed this with his brand of humor over a ball that had clearly gone missing . 
 `` is it gone ? '' 
 he cracked , and the youth laughed until a trail of tears came to make him stop . 
 `` yeah , '' nicolas managed , adding the needless . 
 arjuna stepped forward once . 
 his pant leg was given one final hike as if this was the thing missing from his earlier preparations . 
 this was followed fast by a deep-knee bend . 
 the old man swiped across the grass with his free hand . 
 he picked up the remains of the tee . 
 he flicked the mortally wounded thing off to the side with performed disdain . 
 he looked to the youth for confirmation that all was well and good up here and smiled . 
 nicolas went along gladly with the old man . 
 he laughed while appearing to cry also . 
 his infectious smile , along with the youth 's good humor , turned each to enjoying life with laughter . 
 both shrugged . 
 but then , gravely , what came to nicolas next was the realization that it was now his turn to play . 
 he understood the moment to start here , in india 's northern reaches , had now arrived . 
 inside the fright sense came to him then as butterflies in the thousands . 
 this tryst with the terror feeling did not come alone . 
 what came to greet him also , as to thrust him hard under a glaring spotlight was the urgent , though not too unexpected need to find a place up here , in these wide-open spaces , to privately pee . 
 nicolas kumar went to relieve himself . 
 on coming back he discovered his mind had gone missing . 
 this seemed to be not enough to the gods bent on messing with him , as the wind picked up then as if to toss him . 
 nicolas pretended he was all bashed up . 
 it seemed to him the flowers had been pulled up and were just now darting him . 
 he imagined he was made up of pierced metal . 
 to help himself , he focused on his rucksack that stood by in tacky splendor . 
 nicolas , once a cool customer himself , made an effort to return from wherever his mind had gone . 
 he moved to take delivery of his own driver . 
 he decided that if he were still in this confused state , he would go through the motions and tee off anyway . 
 he told himself to rely on muscle memory to get through the shot . 
 before being handed the driver , he told himself also he would not take as much time as this elder . 
 not even . 
 he had another go over the sorry plight of the flowers . 
 his thinker went on another dramatic flight . 
 his fearing pulled him from his body . 
 this left him so immobile . 
 like by magic , nicolas kumar discovered that his jacket had miraculously been removed . 
 it lay atop his rucksack . 
 he discovered too that his left hand was reaching out then for a driver he did not now recognize . 
 arjuna handed him the club like nothing at all was wrong . 
 he gave it to him as if it were a common broom and he had in mind a few household chores for him to do . 
 for his part , nicolas felt he had been given the sweeping item with no instructions on how to actually use it . 
 in his other hand , he discovered one ball and also one blue tee . 
 the sad look of the ball and tee made them appear headed for some premature end . 
 nicolas sent his sight to patrol over the valley . 
 he gazed at all those whose only apparent crime was to stand there and look pretty . 
 he looked at the flowers lit ablaze by fantastic hues and also at the sparkling lake . 
 nicolas automatically determined the lake was within his reach . 
 it seemed to be in cahoots with the sky-highs . 
 nicolas looked from the lake 's reflection to other areas in the valley . 
 included in this too were his usual yardstick calculations . 
 he turned his attention from the fairway , the cool air and blazing sunshine , to the spectacular waterfall and escalating himalayas , rising to heights in the background . 
 he returned to the time of his greatest glory . 
 unlike arjuna , the time he thought of was not far back . 
 it was only two weeks ago at the time he qualified for the open championship . 
 with this rediscovery of his great golfing self , he came back and said quietly , `` but how shall i among friends ? '' 
 nicolas looked to the fast-flowing stream . 
 he searched its ever-present tranquility . 
 he hunted next for the sign that attempted to ward off all trespassers . 
 he peered out at the valley . 
 it was plagued riotously by colorful wildflowers . 
 his feelings sank into more sadness . 
 nicolas fretted again over the fate of these little beauties . 
 is this designed only to tarnish my fair name ? 
 he asked his self . 
 nobody should be allowed to malign me . 
 he tried to relax . 
 nicolas believed it was best to take it easy . 
 he pulled from his jacket pocket the course map or journal . 
 nicolas began reading from it , though not this time for the perceived bit of poetry . 
 he read for the actual concrete yard measurements . 
 he looked to the map for helpful tidbits that could be gleaned from it if any . 
 one option was to put it into the lake . 
 he again judged the area to be in reach . 
 nicolas thought to hit it to a spot more conventional . 
 the idea of sending his tee shot into the drink returned to like light him up . 
 the youth thought more on the gravity of this situation . 
 he believed hitting in the lake was the best of bad choices . 
 he began calculating the force needed for such a drive . 
 gaining merit here wo n't be easy , nicolas told himself . 
 this thought shined in him . 
 nicolas put on a slight smile . 
 he felt he would be saving lives this way . 
 yes , he thought . 
 then he said softly , `` easy . '' 
 his considerations then included the wind coming in from the east . 
 it traveled at about five kilometers per hour . 
 he felt its sudden change of direction . 
 it occurred to him this quick-change artist had been sent to aid him . 
 more likely , he well knew , was that the wind had arrived to plague or even stop him . 
 nicolas chose not to oppose the idea of sending his drive into the lake . 
 he felt relieved after deciding . 
 he asked his self if he should use his 3-wood or his 3-iron . 
 one feeling rose suggesting he use neither . 
 that sense forwarded some . 
 it raced down to his awaiting-production hands that did just that . 
 and the reason his little grippers may have given for the hold up , if able , would likely have been of the nature-loving kind . 
 he told himself , nothing is ever permanent . 
 nicolas went to put back his driver . 
 he set aside his jacket that lay on top . 
 he returned the club to his grouped-up set or perceived dud kit . 
 he thought of his forthcoming offense against life . 
 nicolas yanked from his pack the 3-wood he called little benefit . 
 the club was his chosen candidate to avoid all flower destruction . 
 his choice appeared final . 
 the expression on his hardened face suggested a landmark judgment had just been handed down from the high court , after 10 years of waiting . 
 11 `` here you should not look for shortcuts , '' arjuna advised . 
 `` nor should you seek ladders to step easily onto some top , as the priority here is to participate . 
 whether upon peak or fair open valley you should not be in any mad rush to ape others who have come to this place . '' 
 the old man took in a breath . 
 he considered what more to add . 
 he said , `` now 's the time to create for yourself , and for all that is because at very essence you are alone here . '' 
 he felt confused . 
 i am alone here ? 
 nicolas asked himself . 
 it occurred to him that he might avoid all unnecessary heat by just staying quiet . 
 he thought to step up and take a whack at it short and sweet . 
 yet he was going nowhere . 
 he looked at the ball put up on display . 
 the round one seemed to be resting atop the blue tee comfortably . 
 the ball looked like a standing monument highlighting his inactivity . 
 nicolas needed help saying yes ! 
 to it . 
 his mind remained uncertain . 
 he hesitated more . 
 he could not hit or cremate this body of a ball until he received word or had gotten the green signal . 
 he wished to be free of these heavy-as-iron 18 holes , linked each-to-each , which felt clasped around his prisoner 's legs . 
 nicolas kumar looked forward to being free of these manacles . 
 he peered at the lake . 
 the lake was known to village locals , domestic tourists , the legions of pilgrims who visit barefoot annually , as the protector of the masses . 
 the protector of the masses lake lay well in range of his trusty 3-wood . 
 he thought to consign his drive there . 
 he felt clever in thinking he could hit it into the water hazard and therefore waste it . 
 nicolas said aloud so this guide could hear it , `` never have i felt so bad on a course . '' 
 not one word came back from arjuna . 
 as he had hoped to come out of this with clean hands , nicolas kumar decided to send his drive into the lake or catchment area . 
 he felt it worthwhile to incur the what-the-hell penalty , and do so whether this good teacher liked it or not . 
 yes , i believe i will , he thought , reaffirming his choice.and he pointed down the flower fairway to the lake . 
 nicolas told the old man , `` as i want moksha for myself i 'll play for it to go there and hope for divine charity . 
 this is just so my soul wo n't forever be cussing me . '' 
 arjuna offered nothing by way of a returning comment . 
 this puzzled young nicolas . 
 he believed this teacher could not possibly be lost for words . 
 he threw arjuna a glance . 
 nicolas discovered the old man was looking low and that his head was downcast . 
 he saw that arjuna was smiling slightly . 
 to nicolas , he appeared to agree with his decision to put it in the lake . 
 but then it occurred to him arjuna might have given up altogether on instructing him . 
 either way it was no longer in his power to say , nicolas thought . 
 i 'm going to do it . 
 as this guide no longer had much stronghold over him , he felt quite good about his decision . 
 he stepped a few paces behind the ball to line up . 
 he was enjoying this teacher 's solemn silence and hoped it might continue . 
 `` only a few measured steps , '' nicolas whispered , and again he stared down the many-flowered fairway . 
 stand there and do not think of a solitary thing , the youth said inside . 
 before taking up the club , think only to set it at the top , he added . 
 hold it for a second or so . 
 a full swing with not a lot of power will get you there . 
 nicolas , done speaking to himself , moved to set up . 
 the old man coughed . 
 nicolas looked sharply his way . 
 `` wonderful ! '' 
 cried arjuna . 
 `` choosing which side to stand is an excellent place to start . 
 you were probably just asking yourself , shall i take the right-hand path or the left ? 
 if you were thinking this , you must understand too that victory by way of the left is known as the hero path . 
 victory by way of the right is that of the devotee . 
 and of course there is another way . 
 this most hallowed path does not clamor for the reliability of idolisms or perceived perspectivisms . 
 nor does it require the staging of oaths that appear to deem , to the mind of the simple , one good . 
 this way might be called the way of the celestial . 
 it is neither left nor right nor here nor there . 
 it is of the quiet mind only , seeking out ways to approach the feet of the mother , and to do so with utmost respect . 
 the three are all just and good , of course , as i am not saying they are not . 
 and certainly my saying something is just and good is also choice . 
 i only say this to discourage imparting simplicity or bland discourse . 
 i can see on your face by the roll of your eyes i have gone on too much . 
 please , continue with whatever it was you were doing . '' 
 nicolas thought the old man 's speech somewhat overlong . 
 he considered what all was said but did not catch a whole lot of meaning . 
 he took note of this and told himself also , if even there was any meaning . 
 he thought this guide 's interruption gave him an excuse to back off the shot . 
 nicolas decided to accept it . 
 he stepped out of the pocket or open beggar 's home . 
 nicolas removed himself from the usual set-up position . 
 he did this in the same manner the old man had done a moment or so ago . 
 he stepped three paces to the rear . 
 nicolas went to a spot he hoped might provide his final refuge . 
 he backed up a fourth step to get away more . 
 along the way he gave this good teacher a look . 
 he peered at arjuna while pretending to be o so deeply disappointed in him . 
 then news came crushingly back to inform nicolas that it was now his turn to play . 
 it warned him over issuing more excuses . 
 the choice , he heard inside his head , is yours . 
 he peered doomed out at the flower valley . 
 nicolas stood as one who had been ill but had since gotten over it . 
 he looked as if he had been given a blessed second chance . 
 he decided on one area in the lake to hit . 
 he stepped up with renewed focus . 
 nicolas felt strengthened by his ability to swing to near-perfection . 
 he approached the rounded one atop the tee as a devotee visiting swami . 
 back at the ball , he put his right foot forward then the other . 
 he observed a moment of intense devotion . 
 nicolas looked as if he alone had penetrated the boundary defined by many as time and space . 
 again the plight of all in the valley arrived at the spot he now stood , and so did the sad-sounding refrain called why ? 
 now he felt smooth-talking his mind might be beneficial in helping him get started here . 
 he told himself to relax and at first there was some success . 
 nicolas bent his knees slightly as if to sit on a bar stool . 
 it soon became clear to him an easy go of it would not be the case and he backed off the shot . 
 nicolas again went back into it . 
 he set his biased stance over the ball . 
 he assumed his normal two-plank strategy . 
 butterflies had not migrated but went south . 
 they had in fact increased their flight traffic . 
 he told himself he was about ready . 
 nicolas settled into his stance more . 
 he worked hard at getting his feet in position . 
 they were at equal points , though the heavier burden was decidedly placed on the back or right foot . 
 he turned in his left foot to get it more square . 
 it felt like a weighted stone . 
 just do your part , his left foot seemed to tell him . 
 we 'll keep the swing tight . 
 nicolas hoped there was more trouble to consider . 
 he had the feeling to stand up straighter . 
 he went from focusing on his grip to where there was a warring battle of nerves being played out . 
 this had him shaking like a proverbial leaf . 
 once , twice , again , he moved the 3-wood back and forth while staring at his rotund little nemesis . 
 he fought to get back his groove . 
 nicolas looked to the one hovering as an alien craft behind the ball . 
 in a whisper that came in a quivering tone he said , `` still i do not relish this . '' 
 he next looked to the valley of flowers sparkling bright . 
 all appeared fresh and alive . 
 trust showed and attempted to writ large on his face . 
 he gripped the club tighter then let go some . 
 he adjusted his posture from loose pillar to post . 
 nicolas continued performing this bit of bad theater for the paying-for-it flower crowd . 
 he wondered how he can ever reconcile hitting into this colorful flowered valley . 
 he settled in again within himself . 
 he went further into the idea of hitting the ball . 
 he opened then closed his hands over the 3-wood . 
 nicolas discovered it was not at all easy to grip the club with his nervous digit nerves . 
 it might have appeared he was holding a red-hot pipe . 
 nicolas endured twelve seconds of perspiration . 
 inside his head he forced an okay ! 
 message . 
 he signaled his reflexes to get in there and do the dirty work . 
 he wished not to think but allow muscle memory to take over . 
 but then , as if ringing the doorbell twice , nicolas held the club firmer but not too . 
 he told himself he could take the swing at any time , and so he turned away from his troubles . 
 his mind left off the effort at getting his body to stand more correctly . 
 again nicolas backed off the shot . 
 he stepped back to look at one area over the flower valley . 
 he looked to the scaling , seven snow-clad mountain idols and sought resolve . 
 he might have had harsh feelings for the one holding up his play to now , but nicolas readily forgave himself for this . 
 he noted in the next instant one more thing . 
 he believed it was not always an easy ask to give the grand okay a nudge and to just say yes ! 
 to it . 
 with a reluctant heart he went back in but stalled more . 
 he hoped to get a sense the flowers were going to be okay with this . 
 he prayed for some sign from the upstairs . 
 receiving no answer he aimed to just trust . 
 12 nicolas stood with his plan to send a no-hoper into the lake . 
 his mind , though , created excuses for not being able . 
 as to how to go about hitting , nicolas had no real idea . 
 to him it seemed the body of someone else stood over it . 
 he felt ill thinking he would be striking out into this world soon . 
 he tried coming up with last-minute answers to a few unending questions . 
 he argued in his head for more time . 
 nicolas remained at the spot as an observer might , taking serious note but outwardly doing nothing . 
 he believed this act of hitting might lay heavily on his conscience forever . 
 he felt arjuna might take this chance to ask if everything was okay with him , or would he be needing to take mental tests . 
 he looked at what lies ahead for him . 
 his sad sight went to all locations . 
 images collected in his mind and he saw only horror . 
 he felt his talent could seep out of his toes over this . 
 nicolas feared his game might forever be thrown off kilter , if indeed he went ahead with this plan to attack . 
 he peered at the ball resting atop the tee . 
 nicolas looked at the clubhead hovering behind it . 
 at first the club and ball appeared hopeful . 
 they seemed to stare back . 
 he wondered if these two were poking fun or if this situation was even real . 
 he saw the ball and club give each a curious look . 
 he heard in his head the ball say to the 3-wood , who is this one with the special needs and what is he waiting for ? 
 another comment came to like kick him in the rear . 
 next he imagined the flight of the one he would sometime hit . 
 nicolas held the club that appeared to want nothing more than to get going . 
 he drew his well known inner-perception lines . 
 he repeated this until the actual hitting of the ball was likely to get lost in all the line-sailing . 
 he put away his sketchbook mind . 
 nicolas focused on his fourth , fifth , sixth address over the ball , which proved also to be just teasing . 
 `` come on , baby doll , '' he said , forcing in some lightness . 
 nicolas joked but took serious note of his inordinate delay in getting started here . 
 he made out he was like any indian cinema star . 
 he pretended to be waiting for the right script to come along before acting on the song-and-dance picture project . 
 he told himself , either resign , retire altogether , or get on with it , sweetness . 
 normally he had his school chums along for the ride as his strongest supporters , however nicolas was no longer in any mood for the glad-happy chatter from the attaboys . 
 he chanced becoming more miffed with himself if he did not take the shot soon . 
 he told himself to be more alone inside . 
 nicolas spoke again and again to the protector of the masses lake . 
 he wanted some assurances . 
 he shifted his weight to be more on his right foot . 
 the difference can be measured in minute grams . 
 nicolas thought things were about to get going . 
 opposition to this mounted . 
 more challenge came when he released his grip to shake off a stiff hand . 
 the gross hold up in his play seemed all set to continue . 
 he gazed at the ball . 
 nicolas looked hell-bent on discovering its beginning and end . 
 he turned to peer at the days-are-numbered crowd . 
 he looked for what he thought might be the last time at the spoken-to , spoken-to cushion of wet that was the small lake . 
 yeah , i know ! 
 he yelled in his head . 
 hitting into the lake is not my usual intention , i got that ! 
 peripherally he saw arjuna shift some . 
 he envisioned the old man kick a pebble or two out of impatience . 
 nicolas heard him clear his throat as to speak more . 
 it occurred to him then to hurry . 
 he feared arjuna might take advantage of his stalled situation . 
 he thought the old man may accept this chance to offer up more of his wisdom , or perceived bit of vague talk . 
 nicolas kumar explored this idea more and his fears rose . 
 thought-patterns as these gathered . 
 they leapt onto this one reality . 
 `` now if you are to swing sometime today , '' said arjuna , `` and the ball strikes that tree there and bounces back , the ball coming to rest a step or two behind you , is this not a progress ? 
 the shot is not forgiven , yes ? 
 no , i do not think it is , and it should not be . 
 and i hope they never change the rule . 
 it is a progress . 
 it 's a progress in disguise . 
 i did not see it myself for quite a while , but i wholeheartedly believe it is . 
 maybe along your way you will encounter a retracing step . 
 is this not a progress ? 
 do your duty then , to the best of your abilities , for others and for yourself . 
 do so without selfish motive . 
 remember , before starting work or at the completion of some task , or even now while standing so inactive , do not think of god as one and you another , as god is in all , performing joyfully . 
 begin by understanding this . 
 you can learn to respect this truth by repeated prayer . 
 practice looking upon all creatures as if they are you , in thought , word and deed . 
 in recognition of this truth , of you as an equal , forgive yourself for any transgressions or blue mountains of error . 
 the light that shines so bright that you before could hardly see , shines well within you now and will do so always . 
 your tears too , at any time that may flow as a mountain stream , are in reality unnecessary , and the sadness you feel then only lacks true understanding . 
 again , forgive me . 
 please . 
 continue with what you were doing . '' 
 nicolas took in the old man 's words as cruel punishment . 
 he told himself , i probably had that coming . 
 it next occurred to him to make use of this interruption . 
 he felt he could excuse himself and back off the shot . 
 nicolas reversed that decision , though . 
 he said quietly , `` i ca n't do that . '' 
 another thought came . 
 here too he readily scotched it . 
 he told himself also , i ca n't do that either . 
 now he felt as fragile as any bud . 
 he looked at the valley that had been giving him such a torrid time . 
 he rehearsed the scene that was already an epic by taking forever . 
 he tried hard to procure the green light . 
 nicolas blocked out all audience stares . 
 you 're stalling ! 
 he shouted inside his head . 
 now he felt as nervous as any first-timer at a major . 
 he had the idea to let all caution lie with the unpredictable wind . 
 he heard himself say a strong yes ! 
 to it . 
 this seemed to be the thing he had been awaiting . 
 it provided him true spark . 
 put up a decent performance , he advised himself . 
 nicolas added a soft-spoken though choice set of words . 
 after the swearing-in ceremony he felt about ready . 
 13 down from the high hills the wind occasionally blew in . 
 it arrived as if out of nowhere and then went away . 
 the wind blowing in seemed to support the theory that now was the time for this much-awaited event . 
 nicolas sped through more preoccupations in his mind . 
 he wished to receive an okay ! 
 message from the approver . 
 it felt good knowing someone was up there thinking of him . 
 he peered down at the one teed up . 
 fear set in . 
 hands , he sensed , had been laid on his . 
 nicolas underwent last-minute checks . 
 this included repeated glances down the fairway . 
 he was next caught dead aplomb over the ball . 
 he looked poor as a fakir while possessing not one mind possession . 
 nicolas kumar felt not ready to swing into action . 
 he was surprised then to see that the club was mobile . 
 the club he had held for so long was indeed moving , and in earnest this time . 
 it drew a faint line over the grass where dew had been . 
 the 3-wood went with extended care rearward . 
 it rose . 
 the club then looked to be scrambling up a fire ladder to save some helpless victim . 
 it reached a peak . 
 it was roughly at parallel . 
 in perfect peace the 3-wood appeared to relax by reclining . 
 nicolas added more stretch and the club dipped below its zenith . 
 as if that was the last straw , the club sharply rose from its lie-there position . 
 it went around and then down with a to-heck-with-all fast motion . 
 the unbearable coil had reacted to the terrible tension his body made . 
 it sent the 3-wood crashing . 
 the iron club , curiously referred to as a type of wood , was fast called back to earth . 
 it returned to its starting point as any metal-worker 's hammer . 
 all could hear the ball and 3-wood connect , ting ! 
 the two sounded as if they 'd been involved in an unfortunate roadside melee . 
 his many-armed swing had swung the 3-wood down and through . 
 his hands swept beyond the area where the ball had been and turned over . 
 his little grippers arrived behind his left ear . 
 they looked to have found a safe spot to hide . 
 the ball shot out as a medium-pacer . 
 nicolas had put in the brakes at the bottom before hitting . 
 sorely missing in the attack then was his usual tremendous firepower . 
 yes ! 
 he said to himself , despite having serious misgivings . 
 and the good feeling that always came to him after hitting was followed fast by an ignoble vision . 
 nicolas sought the skies silently . 
 the unfit paceman that flew lined the skies white . 
 the ball climbed the sky as any common airliner . 
 the drive was his heart 's opposite . 
 it was slowly inching up while his feelings for it were heading fast back down . 
 the ball went as a leisurenaut . 
 it went as any life condition . 
 it at first was expansive and then ascendant . 
 it would soon reach some peak . 
 then it would descend . 
 with cheerless intent , nicolas watched it go . 
 he wanted it to drop in the drink , kerplop ! 
 he feared it may overshoot its target . 
 he experienced dampened spirits . 
 `` go less ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 he remained in the follow through position . 
 nicolas again sent his gaze low . 
 he believed this was the correct position for him , a future flower harvester . 
 the flowers with their sweet scents looked like upturned designer cups . 
 they appeared made only for catching broken hearts . 
 nicolas told himself added punishment would be his if he did not look up and follow the shot . 
 he settled in again at watching . 
 he saw in the delightful blue skies the ball vie for more space . 
 the ball showed a lack of conviction for one fresh out of the box . 
 it reached some peak . 
 it went into its death dive . 
 the ball proceeded to dump down into the snow-melt lake and there he saw its violent finish . 
 now he was no longer a go-getting linkster but an insurance person . 
 he wondered if this act might herald an accurate prediction for his whole round here . 
 nicolas thought of nothing now as blankness froze him . 
 he gazed at the spot his ball 's life had ended predictably wet . 
 nicolas looked as any shocked relative of the deceased . 
 eight seconds had gone by since his ball left the tee box . 
 it went into the protector of the masses lake as he had planned it . 
 nicolas brought the club down . 
 he rocked the 3-wood back and forth over the green grass . 
 he swung the club lightly to and fro as if rocking to sleep old granny . 
 he shook his head in a similar dejected way . 
 in absence of applause , his usual appreciations , he did not tip his cap . 
 instead he continued sweeping the club over the sorrowful ground . 
 it seemed to him the time to till the land had just now come . 
 he lived inside this poverty a second or so . 
 he experienced more than an ounce of regret . 
 nicolas defied the six years of age he felt by bending low like the aged . 
 he reached for and unceremoniously removed the blue tee from the ground . 
 he lifted it amid the perceived quaking laughter , or general hardy-har-hars coming up at him from the dull-green grass . 
 nicolas thought of this teacher 's perceived indignation . 
 he went to return the 3-wood to his rucksack . 
 he walked with an award-winning performance in aloofness . 
 he went in a silence that was vacuum-like . 
 he said in his head , do it gently . 
 this was his sole stage direction . 
 he picked up and then he tied his jacket around his waist . 
 he raised his rucksack up onto his right shoulder . 
 nicolas moved to strap in his other shoulder . 
 his pack which might have grown moss on it from the long delays was adjusted to fit . 
 next he hopped up to even the weight on his shoulders . 
 he stood then in jelly suspension . 
 nicolas went over in his mind the tee shot that had ended . 
 he sneaked a peek at his good teacher who appeared not bothered . 
 the youth considered the nonplussed look on the old man 's face that spoke volumes . 
 arjuna already had on his jacket . 
 he picked up his pack and put it on . 
 he lifted his rainbow-colored umbrella to work as a sunshade . 
 nicolas undid the straps of his pack and set all down . 
 he took out his umbrella , gray and shrunken . 
 he opened then hoisted above him the thing that looked miserable . 
 arjuna adjusted his pack then he was off . 
 he walked down off the front of the tee box platform . 
 arjuna went without uttering a word . 
 nicolas perceived this as a slight . 
 he felt this snub was for hitting his ball in the protector of the masses lake . 
 he tried thinking of something different . 
 he told himself to remain positive . 
 in this way he hoped to achieve some relief . 
 14 nicolas could not help but walk slope-shouldered down . 
 his irons banged together as he stepped down off the tee block platform . 
 the sounds of his clanging clubs came to him then as sharp criticisms . 
 the series of i told you so 's reverberated inside his ears . 
 the reproach entered his body unobstructed . 
 pesky , chatty , his irons seemed determined to speak all at once at him . 
 they sounded quite concerned over the plight of these flowers or statues of martyrs . 
 his club complaints were made greater as he descended further off the elevated tee box . 
 with each step down his irons clamored for him to heed their good counsel and quit this place . 
 just then a shadow of his self appeared . 
 the image was that of a black knight , dressed in all black . 
 it extended left and behind him . 
 the shadow trailed him outside the protective shade of his gray umbrella . 
 it followed him slanted . 
 nicolas stepped out onto the flower fairway . 
 he went into one colorful crowd or hostile social situation . 
 he headed to the flowing water he had once found reassuring . 
 nicolas reached the stream as any creature might , desperate for its particular brand of salvation . 
 his club complaints had been drowned out . 
 sounds from the rushing stream had quieted his squad of nuisance clubs . 
 the eternal hum of the stream dimmed also the noise going off in his head . 
 he undid his pack and set all down . 
 he bent low to take a sip . 
 afterwards he saddled up and carried on . 
 chants of om si ram played in his mind . 
 nicolas recited this gift not to achieve bliss but for total distraction . 
 he next approached one batch of wildflowers that had on guarded smiles . 
 this was in contrast to the bright view he had of them on first arriving . 
 nicolas walked with his pack on his back as a day-laborer . 
 he went along the fast-flowing stream . 
 he could see then the way to cross was by an old stone bridge . 
 the old stone bridge appeared ancient . 
 it looked to date back to the time of the mahabharata . 
 nicolas continued under his dull umbrella . 
 he went as any sad figure might , gray in the middle of a world full of color . 
 he attempted to stride with purposeful intent . 
 he looked to arjuna . 
 he thought a riot-like situation was at the spot he now stood . 
 the area seemed chock-full of color . 
 he continued with his heavy foot action . 
 nicolas stomped on a multitude of wildflowers as he went . 
 he crushed color and stem , leaf and bud , with each press down of his heavy hiking boots . 
 it might have appeared he was carrying out target killings . 
 the gushing waterfall , known to the locals , the migratory shepherds and nomadic cattle herders , as the fountain , became louder with each crushing step forward . 
 nicolas crossed the stone bridge . 
 moments later he reached the front of the lake , or nearest point of entry of his drive . 
 he set down his rucksack . 
 he pulled from his pack a new ball and searched for a suitable place to drop it . 
 little clear area was found . 
 he extended an arm over a spot that looked good enough . 
 he let go . 
 the ball landed fine . 
 but then it rolled over to a colorful flower group . 
 nicolas watched it cuddle up to , or boyfriend one flower . 
 the ball stopped inches from an area he more preferred . 
 this was nothing new . 
 it was often the case with any course-goer who had quite other plans for it . 
 after the drop fresh tribes of flowers appeared interested in getting close . 
 each stood between being a thing alive and one dead . 
 several pink geraniums seemed to line up to take their chances . 
 stunning mauve polemoniums stood prettily in his way . 
 others appeared waiting . 
 as for the murder to be administered , in oblong patches , nicolas did not care for it much . 
 to him , the flowers were simply gathering , giving , benefiting and accepting , in perfect peace with all . 
 he felt the flowers were multiple bests in a grand show of winners . 
 the flowers looked as if it was their birthright destiny also to stand there in his way . 
 nicolas understood that most of the massacring was about to come . 
 he cursed the day he had agreed to come up here for this . 
 again he told himself he had no real choice . 
 he pulled from his pack his pitching wedge . 
 he chose this club to cut through all flower clutter . 
 nicolas bent back as practice the stems of one flower group . 
 they leaned onto one another . 
 the corralled became one tamed . 
 they stood captured and caged . 
 to control these natives into revealing , he bent back their stems more . 
 he hoped to get a better looksee at the ground he would sometime hit . 
 after more proddings he roamed the club with some force . 
 soon he was sifting through a delightful series of blue forget-me-nots . 
 nicolas looked to the old man who was still searching . 
 he saw him peer into one brilliant patch . 
 he scolded himself for not helping in the search . 
 `` what were you thinking ? '' 
 he said . 
 nicolas saw that the old man had unexpectedly found it . 
 he watched him reach down and pick up the ball . 
 arjuna then turned in his direction . 
 he raised the ball in high triumph . 
 the old man held it up as if match-lit . 
 from this distance he looked like a lighthouse to eternal wisdom . 
 nicolas saw him pocket it to quit . 
 he thought this was his way of accepting his lost chance at securing par or better . 
 `` perhaps he is thinking that toiling on this one would be hard to take , '' nicolas said to no one flower in particular . 
 it 's like bowling into the nets , his other self added inside . 
 `` maybe the next will be better for him , '' said the first . 
 arjuna , however , had other thoughts . 
 while he enjoyed the idea of pitting himself against the vagaries of nature , other things were on his mind . 
 he believed it best to focus on this fourth stage in life of the sannyasi or wandering ascetic . 
 he accepted his circumstances as they were . 
 arjuna sent out his consciousness to be with all in the valley . 
 `` see the goddess , '' said arjuna . 
 he then had the glorious feeling of self-surrender . 
 the old man concentrated next on the flowers that deserved laurels . 
 he sensed their eternal presence . 
 he mixed sight , scent , sound and thought that intermingled inside . 
 arjuna enjoyed the magic of blended senses . 
 he sensed the grand eternal wonder by simply having enthusiasm for it . 
 arjuna gazed at the waterfall while seeing well into another time . 
 eyes locked , he witnessed the existence of is and is not . 
 this added greatly to the serenity that surrounded . 
 the old man recited under his breath then a passage from one holy text . 
 in return for being so mindful , the goddess offered him yet another spectacular view . 
 the cascading rainbow gave its arching colors willingly . 
 in attendance up there too were a few senior members from arjuna 's playing past . 
 the old man looked to the flowers standing nearest him . 
 in each he saw their everlasting presence that can never be affected . 
 he saw in them too a sea of horizons . 
 arjuna felt free from conflict , fear , agitation , guilt and hurt . 
 the sight of these colors gushing over the valley had him standing as any true believer . 
 he inched towards stillness . 
 through the magic of blended sight , scent , sound and touch , as well as thought , he felt the divine force 's presence . 
 this re-ignited in him the sense that all is timeless eternity . 
 arjuna reached down to touch one leaf . 
 the old man bent to hold between finger and thumb one fragile petal . 
 he felt this flower 's cup was the abode of the most high . 
 arjuna vowed to act daily in its service . 
 the old man stood then as an enjoyer . 
 he felt blessed for this illuminative experience . 
 he was glad too for this gift of being meditatively so able . 
 for being so mindful , the old man was offered yet another remarkable vision . 
 the soft-spoken rainbow could again be seen . 
 it arched as any high-flying arrow over this hallowed battleground . 
 the old man thought , now is the time for doing . 
 he looked to the youth who seemed spoiling for a fight . 
 he smiled . 
 the old man moved to join this fine young fellow . 
 he went as one who had good news to tell . 
 arjuna had the desire to relate the rhythm and hum of the grand eternal as best he knew it . 
 he wanted to recount what he had only just experienced , though the wish did not possess him . 
 to that aim , he walked to his goal of crossing the old stone bridge or mysterious place of both arrival and departure . 
 he went as one who can easily hold in what he had to say . 
 nicolas turned to face the old man . 
 he watched him crush scores of flowers as he went . 
 he saw him walk through the flowered valley where even carrying plastic is a no-no . 
 he saw on the old man 's face he was in no real rush to instruct . 
 to him , arjuna appeared not in a hurry to say a thing more , and he relaxed some . 
 nicolas kumar watched the old man cross over the stone bridge then come his way . 
 `` surely one who is born today is sure to die , '' said arjuna , stepping over to him happily . 
 `` true too , all alive will live always and never have you not been . '' 
 arjuna stopped . 
 he looked around . 
 he appeared refreshed . 
 he said , `` in time every record will dissolve away . 
 not one will remain . 
 i can guarantee you not one record will linger on . 
 it is no different with a stone . 
 when touched by the sun 's spotless flame and running water long enough , it is sure to look like a chapati bread at the end . '' 
 the old man gazed at one flower nearest him . 
 he looked back at nicolas . 
 he said , `` now in playing other courses i ask only that you follow the flight path of the sun . 
 each day begins in the morning when the sun sets off in the east . 
 it shines in all these places north and south then comes to rest in the west , in gujarat . 
 the sun 's spotless shine carries on its daily golden way to the arabian countries . 
 or you can have it that in a moment 's time the sun 's dawning praise signals that you are in india 's east , in the age-old city of benares perhaps . 
 halfway through this cycle you are in the south , which could be in the state of kerala . 
 when the sun sets down to rest you are in the west . 
 as with the course of the sun the ball sets off and rises . 
 it transits up to arrive at some peak . 
 then it descends . 
 it goes down to rest awhile . '' 
 arjuna held up . 
 he then added , `` willing is not enough , you must also act . 
 know too in this one existence you are asked to be courageous . '' 
 nicolas had a startling revelation . 
 the eye-opener he knew had been hinted at before . 
 and what was giving him such a fright was that he would be going on alone here , into the ceaseless wild . 
 15 nicolas was surprised he would be taking this news so hard . 
 he closed his eyes and held back his sadness . 
 he switched from using eco-lights to looking at the old stone bridge . 
 in the remaining moments with this good teacher , he judged the stone bridge to be strong and solid . 
 it looked to have lasted a millennia . 
 now a normal monsoon from his eyes could at anytime be expected . 
 the old man appeared ready to leave when he spoke more . 
 `` now the number of hits you take , count them as rows of pearls , linked each-to-each as with every breath you take in and also give back . '' 
 nicolas first thought to ask this sage what was really on his mind . 
 instead he throated softly , `` but will you not see me through this colorful valley ? '' 
 he wished to erase then what he had only just said . 
 arjuna remained silent . 
 the old man thought how best to answer the youth 's question . 
 it occurred to him to say that he was at the stage when quiet contemplation , complaints , along with ever-present pain were likely to take over . 
 he kept all that to himself , however . 
 instead , the old man replied by sending out first a sigh that sounded like extreme exhaustion . 
 he breathed in . 
 he said , `` i am at the heartfelt most excellent stage in life . 
 i 'm seventy-two and have said my last farewell to the game . 
 this course is yours . '' 
 the news was something nicolas felt might never sink in . 
 as for being left lone here , the idea took him to despair . 
 he held back feelings of heartbreak . 
 nicolas felt he had been tasked with some new appointment . 
 he concerned himself next with the way ahead . 
 the pathway had claimed sacred ground . 
 nicolas peered at the snow-clad mountains through moist eyes . 
 they looked like glittering colossals , fresh from a violent storm . 
 again he thought to leave this paradise . 
 nicolas wished to do an about-face , head back down the mountain , take the overnight bus , to enjoy once more his wild turn at play with his school chums back in the big city . 
 he wanted to be just as any fortunate city dweller : arrive at the valley and stay briefly , promise to return some day , but only after a number of years had safely gone by . 
 till such times , he thought . 
 nicolas next focused on this guide about to leave him . 
 this raised his fearing speculations . 
 he wished to know if his father had paid this guru . 
 nicolas kumar wanted to know if he could treat him as one who is hired , and so make him do as he wished . 
 he felt it was this good teacher 's solemn duty to stay here and guide him . 
 i mean , why else did he come up here , anyway ? 
 nicolas felt not present at the spot he now stood . 
 time ticked so slowly . 
 this lasted until arjuna spoke and so decide himself that time should altogether stop . 
 `` think of me as an honorary starter , '' he said . 
 as to this time-honored tradition , the ceremonial starter is a sweet touch . 
 it is a time to witness golf royalty . 
 the old man handed the ball back to young nicolas . 
 he said , `` and of course there is always a teacher here to help guide you . '' 
 he then gave a sweep of his arm over all in the valley . 
 this was in playful imitation of nicolas from earlier . 
 arjuna turned to leave . 
 he headed towards the stone bridge . 
 he turned back a time or two while walking . 
 the youth 's gloomy eyes posed risk of severe flooding . 
 he experienced a sudden upwelling . 
 nicolas feared falling into uncontrollable crying . 
 he thought this was done only by the saddest saps . 
 he held out hope things would change for the noticeable better . 
 it occurred to him this good teacher could see him crying . 
 he felt it would be one clear directive for him to stay longer , and so he let go , allowing the dams to break . 
 nicolas open-carried his heart as if it were on his sleeve , blood-red and beating . 
 to this water-shedding , a curiously precious commodity in the mountains considering so much rain , he could not then see out . 
 his expression of sorrow reached a peak . 
 he tried clearing up his sight . 
 he saw that arjuna had not returned but was instead some distance off . 
 still blurry , he watched arjuna step onto the stone bridge . 
 he saw him hold up on the bridge 's crest . 
 he saw him raise his hand in a casual goodbye . 
 next thing nicolas knew was that this teacher , this humble guide and good friend to him here would not be coming back . 
 again , he felt the sharp pang of some departure . 
 he was a bit shame-faced for outwardly crying . 
 with no more good counsel to see him on his way , the image of his father made a brief though surprise visit . 
 nicolas saw his father atop the old stone bridge . 
 his father had on his face the same stern look when he had left to come up here . 
 this visit too would end in heart-wrenching pain . 
 he saw his father raise his arm further in a gesture of fond farewell . 
 nicolas noticed his bracelet , a white ouroboros , slide down not his father 's arm but arjuna 's . 
 `` but how shall i find this honorable teacher ? '' 
 he shouted in an effort to get back . 
 `` easy ! '' 
 called the old man . 
 and his mischievous grin was again on his tanned face . 
 all grown up , arjuna sported his boyish smile . 
 he reminisced a moment or so atop the old stone bridge . 
 then he yelled , `` this chant i leave you with ! '' 
 naughty and witty , the old man hollowed his raised hand . 
 he put it up to his mouth . 
 he did this to guide the vibration of his resonating deep voice . 
 almost magically the colors of the kundalini showed brilliantly behind him . 
 colors as these appeared to gather all round . 
 the sun or grand mark of time also shined . 
 the grand chronocator spread a ring of liquid-gold light over all in the valley of flowers . 
 the old man breathed in deep . 
 he appeared ready to bellow a glad tiding with his trumpeting loud voice . 
 nicolas understood this statement would be meant for him to draw from here , as well as for years after . 
 he knew too this would likely end this major scene between them . 
 `` look for one who is wide-eyed and wanders freely ! '' 
 the old man shouted . 
 and again he sported his boyish smile that many have said could push up mountains . 
 arjuna bent to touch the old stone bridge in a gesture of darshan . 
 he crossed over the bridge . 
 the old man reached the far side of the stream , or nascent new ocean that just now separated them . 
 again , he opened then hoisted above him his rainbow-colored umbrella . 
 he headed back through the fairway made up of a multitude of colorful wildflowers . 
 nicolas watched him go . 
 he saw him climb the short rise to arrive back onto the 1st tee . 
 he watched arjuna go behind a small hillock there . 
 then he was out of sight . 
 nicolas stared at the spot lit up by a prettifier sun . 
 the departure of this teacher left him feeling so alone . 
 16 nicolas wore a deserted look . 
 he prepared in his heart for more flower destruction . 
 he stood unmoving , looking as if he were a physicist doing time solving . 
 he attempted next to make light . 
 the one without an anatha or guiding teacher said again he regretted getting out of bed for this . 
 he turned back to look at what lies ahead for him . 
 he saw that nature seemed so exceedingly restless . 
 nicolas surveyed a white flag on a white flagstick . 
 the flag on the green stood beyond the flowers and snow-melt lake . 
 it fluttered in the breeze faithless . 
 the white flag pointed at the ground . 
 this told him he should just lie down and wait for vultures . 
 nicolas considered the flag 's suggestion for him . 
 he stood for a time staring . 
 he dwelt on the nature of defeat . 
 then his nerves moved on some to steel city . 
 `` time to move into action , '' he said . 
 nicolas thought of the ball he had dropped one club length from the point of entry . 
 he went without hesitation to stand over it . 
 he moved then to hit with the club he already had . 
 he held out in front of him the pitching wedge . 
 he gripped it like the law was in his hands . 
 next thing he knew a dozen or so flowers shot up from the drop zone . 
 they had flown up from his swoosh ! 
 swing . 
 the thing was over in a flash . 
 it made him look like an avid embroidery trader . 
 the ball had left the spot medium-like . 
 it crossed the protector of the masses lake though off to one side . 
 it instantly headed into one bright bouquet as a failed missile . 
 he felt all was one big stinking waste dump . 
 nicolas looked to where a bundle of colorful flowers lay complementary to this very idea . 
 he stood pressing down on these little beauties while not really wishing to . 
 he went to pick up his rucksack and struggled to get it on properly . 
 while fighting gravity , a yellow-throated marten flew by . 
 nicolas kumar followed the flight of this unlikely visitor . 
 he wished to catch a ride on its tiny body to escape from this place . 
 but as suddenly as this one flier appeared it went away . 
 then the flight of another arrived . 
 the grim shadow of this one raced over the reluctant flower ground . 
 in place of looking up , nicolas followed its grisly running shadow . 
 he watched a series of silhouettes produce grotesque shapes over the valley of flowers . 
 the gross images went quick in undulating rolls . 
 nicolas looked up to spot it . 
 the one flying had left before he could catch any glimpse of it , other than what had rolled ugly over the flower ground . 
 he went to the spot near the lake where his ball had gone . 
 nicolas found it without difficulty . 
 it was resting against a gathering of pink flowers . 
 he laid down his pack . 
 he pulled from it one club and began to set up . 
 he settled in and took the club back . 
 a second or so later flowers ripped up . 
 they flew off in quick dispersion . 
 his swing looked done by a farmer 's pitchfork bailing hay . 
 it seemed to him he had only come here to tear this world apart . 
 nicolas picked up his pack . 
 he headed to the place his ball had flown and found it in a difficult spot . 
 it occurred to him to just kick the thing . 
 he felt he could improve his lie this way . 
 nicolas hesitated and in the end he did not . 
 another swing came and went . 
 this too was done by his earth-remover pitching wedge . 
 the ball rode the chill air briefly . 
 mountain peaks showed as magnificent backdrops . 
 they were the models of beauty to anyone . 
 he went the short way to where his ball lay . 
 nicolas again had the notion to do some form of ball-tampering . 
 he felt it would be easy enough to give the thing a spot-kick or roll it over with the bottom of his hiking boot . 
 nicolas thought he could roll it up onto a tuft of something not so petaled . 
 but he decided against it . 
 he said in a voice unlike his own , `` devabhumi . 
 remember , you are on god 's land . '' 
 soon after he took a horizontal swing . 
 nicolas took back the club as a flattened practice stroke . 
 he rode the flat line once , twice , then again . 
 he swung once more at a similar angle as hogan 's well known one-plane swing . 
 nicolas took aim with his eyes first . 
 he listened then was treated to the thrashing sound his swing made at impact . 
 he gathered his things and went to where his ball lay . 
 nicolas began to set up . 
 he swung . 
 the shot came out fat . 
 it went a short way with the seemingly worthless material known as common dirt . 
 the ball had gone into one colorful patch . 
 it had fallen into flowers shaped as upturned stars . 
 he saw that the flower dead were many . 
 his swinging in the area had claimed lives . 
 countless now were seriously wounded . 
 the scars on the ground looked like the after-effects of a crude bomb . 
 the disappearance of these flowers seemed sorely missed by the remaining others . 
 he told himself the stroke penalty for hitting in the lake was something he had to remember . 
 he went to the place his shot had gone . 
 nicolas looked for his ball with his pack on his back . 
 he felt the flowers might remarkably spill the beans as to where his little friend was by simply telling him . 
 in his ears the whispering grapevine had it that his ball had nestled in nicely . 
 nicolas got word the ball had found good accommodation in among their bunch . 
 the flowers seemed to tell him , or perhaps it was just his intuition , that his ball was off right . 
 nicolas turned his offending wedge in that direction . 
 he stood tall in the fight . 
 his cap was then in his free hand when suddenly he pointed with it . 
 `` there ! '' 
 he said . 
 he set down his pack of club boys to one side . 
 nicolas put back the club and pulled out a different wedge . 
 in this way he showed his firm intention of taking up arms in the valley . 
 he took two swings above his found ball . 
 he stood blank , became lost as any hare . 
 now he felt all were hunting him and this was his elimination round . 
 for his next turn at destruction , nicolas chose a lob wedge . 
 he took a swing above the spot his ball lay comfortably in the mix . 
 he set up in earnest . 
 in a flash the little white ball was hit with a bundle of flower growth . 
 all took off heavy with a slab of moist earth . 
 he watched all fly . 
 the mud-as-divot flew off with the flowers . 
 it soon gave up its struggle for life through flight and flopped down . 
 he focused on the place his ball went . 
 into more clusters he sent this sad story . 
 nicolas looked down at the spot of his ball 's previous predicament . 
 he felt he should replace the divot , or clean up some the manhole he had just created . 
 it occurred to him next the area could end up ranking highest in destruction of any indian state . 
 he believed this record could even widen to earn the highest sickening incidences of soul-polluting cow slaughter . 
 he looked at his gloved hand . 
 he acknowledged his part in the crime . 
 nicolas felt he had worked hand-in-glove as any cattle smuggler might , who worked for the o so despicable tanneries . 
 butcher ! 
 killer ! 
 he told himself . 
 he swung in anger at the open air . 
 nicolas believed he was doing less damage this way . 
 his club hovered over a few flower bulbs . 
 he focused on the ball . 
 he appeared to be in the midst of a murderous frenzy when he took the swing . 
 after which , he picked up his pack and headed to another group of mingling flowers . 
 nicolas found his ball , thanked god , then he laid down his pack . 
 he went to take the shot quickly . 
 he moved to set up . 
 soon an explosive batch of wildflowers was all he knew . 
 he looked down at the spot his ball had been and saw only horror . 
 the area appeared to have witnessed war firsthand . 
 many flowers lay dead . 
 pleas from the remaining colorful others could at anytime be expected . 
 nicolas picked up his things and the feeling of joy was not his . 
 he went to look for his ball . 
 on finding it he began to set up . 
 soon another bundle of wildflowers flew up with an oblong slab of soil . 
 shot after shot then kept the scoreboard in the sky ticking over of this killing he said to himself , who are you to do this ? 
 again , he picked up his kit and bore the pain of dozens . 
 he went while the remaining others seemed to scream over the bodies of their near and dear ones . 
 nicolas arrived and not long after another swing ploughed through as practice . 
 he shot at flower shafts in a repeated splash manner . 
 nicolas perceived a valley in vast turmoil . 
 he drew back his destructive club . 
 his wrists he set early . 
 the club rose to the point known as parallel . 
 he held it there and felt the powerful coil . 
 nicolas sensed hesitation . 
 his many-armed motion came down , striking in a flash . 
 a whoosh ! 
 could then be heard cutting through . 
 the ball with another batch of wildflowers was alight . 
 all flew low in an abbreviated flight that descended off right . 
 the ball went into a ghostly haunt of white flowers he would rather not think about . 
 nicolas struggled with life issues . 
 he went to what would otherwise have been an easy mid-pitch to the green . 
 this too would sail a second or so . 
 it would go sleepless into another flowerbed . 
 he discovered the spot where his ball lay . 
 he went about making another demarcation trench in the flower ground . 
 the flowers seemed to know they were in the unenviable position of being at the mercy of this one little human . 
 he swung . 
 all lost their heads while nicolas did what he could to keep his own melon thinking rationally . 
 he wished to leave this trail of death and destruction . 
 he followed the short flight of his ball . 
 nicolas gathered his things . 
 he went to look for the ball and found it easily . 
 `` just one more hack at it and i should be on , '' he said . 
 several determined swings later , a rash of flop shots , and the valley was thoroughly reaped away . 
 now he was in no mood for sparing anyone . 
 two more shots came down on the earth heavy . 
 he neared the green . 
 one final act was to make another shovelful of mud , killing a handful of wildflowers . 
 this attempt too was a flop shot . 
 nicolas went with his pack the short way to where his ball lay lifeless near the green . 
 he set all down . 
 nicolas resisted taking a stab at it , but soon it was away . 
 the shot was one of his better ones . 
 the ball landed on the green and he felt happy . 
 the green might as well have been decorated with festive lights at the time of diwali . 
 he went to retrieve his things . 
 nicolas put all on his right shoulder . 
 he led his gang of ignorant thugs through traffic snarls made up of colorful wildflowers . 
 he arrived onto this dance floor green shoulders first . 
 nicolas stepped onto this new frontier or elevated putting table . 
 `` finally , '' he said . 
 he guessed the putt to be somewhere in the neighborhood of forty feet . 
 it was a downhiller and somewhat bending . 
 nicolas eyed the white flag on a white flagstick . 
 the two had a seen-it-all-before manner . 
 the flag as mr. surrender looked especially sad or sorry . 
 it seemed to say there was no reason to celebrate light or life . 
 it appeared to be telling him there was no real reason to try . 
 17 the surface of the green did not have the pleasurable pool table look he was used to . 
 the green was drawn in brown more than he would have liked . 
 it looked thrown here and there with a type of masala chili powder . 
 the green had a bumpy flow to it that made it look makeshift or temporary . 
 it was thick in areas with genuine rough patches , the result of being without regular proper maintenance . 
 nicolas conceded the battle had just become tougher . 
 he gauged the putt to be a difficult one . 
 the flag kicked up . 
 it fluttered in the breeze faithless . 
 as to his chances of getting it up close , nicolas felt about the same as the flag . 
 he next went to the back of the green . 
 he laid his pack on the fringe . 
 nicolas set it down near a few poppy swells . 
 his pack with his clubs in it lay on the ground looking dazed and confused . 
 this was in contrast to the flowers standing bolt upright . 
 the flowers stood at military attention as if their security level had just been raised a hue . 
 nicolas undid his jacket from around his waist . 
 he laid it onto his pack . 
 next he pulled off the glove on his left hand . 
 he bent down . 
 he removed the club that usually attends to any difficulty atop a green . 
 nicolas gripped the putter again and again . 
 the grip appeared to have turned into a string of goat meat that now needed tenderizing . 
 he went to the hole and pluck the flagstick from the cup . 
 it seemed to be the usual dimensions . 
 the hole looked to be 108mm wide by 108mm deep by regulation . 
 the numbers struck him as quite curious . 
 the number 108 happened to be hindu holy . 
 he pulled the flag from the hole and did not toss it . 
 nicolas held it out front as if it was a baton and he was leading the parade . 
 he laid the flagstick down onto the green , though well away from his line . 
 nicolas went to look at his putt from the far side of the hole . 
 he thought of the magic 108 number that was the number on the holy mala beads . 
 he remembered that there are 108 points that help define the body , along with being the full range of human emotions . 
 nicolas recalled that 108 is the number of the yantra , the geometric figure that is a crucial aid to knowing ultimate truth . 
 he walked the full length of the putt . 
 nicolas came back and squatted behind the ball about a meter or so . 
 he took a long-learning look at his putt . 
 nicolas ran an imaginary line from his ball to the cup then back again . 
 he focused on the grass next to complete this triad known as the trimurti . 
 the cosmic functions of birth , life and death were all there with him then when abruptly he stood . 
 he went to the hole and came back . 
 once more he squatted low as a vegetable seller . 
 nicolas was directly behind the one about to be consumed . 
 he rose . 
 he studied the line from his roughly six foot aerial angle . 
 the youth went back to pacing the length of his putt that looked serpentine . 
 again he arrived behind the ball and squatted . 
 he inched closer . 
 he did this to get an even finer line . 
 nicolas asked for divine help then stood . 
 he moved to set up but backed off . 
 he returned to his usual two meters behind the ball to recheck . 
 nicolas again squatted low . 
 he rested the club on a thigh . 
 the club with the lead tape on its back , referred to as father electric , was to him the real deal . 
 of his many club weapons this was the one he could rely . 
 it was known for getting him good results . 
 nicolas was fond of this producer of winning memories . 
 he looked at the logo burned into the club . 
 it had been forged by one of the game 's well known hardware merchants . 
 nicolas raised his hands to the sides of his cap as to put on blinders . 
 he fashion forwarded it some . 
 his line to the hole was a sidewinder . 
 nicolas figured the right-to-left breaker would open up at the hole . 
 he began creating his usual pre-enactments . 
 nicolas walked the full length of the putt as an inspector might looking for clues . 
 he returned as one who had gotten a whispered tip-off from a reliable source . 
 he moved to take his stance over the ball . 
 suspense entered . 
 he hoped to knock it in on one and be done with the thing . 
 nicolas took a few practice strokes . 
 he put behind the ball the one about to make its directorial début . 
 he brought his right foot up to the spot it had been previously . 
 as for the other , he moved it forward to be more in line with the first . 
 he bent over to putt in his familiar style . 
 nicolas appeared set to close some big real estate deal . 
 he looked forward to the ball falling into the cup , which serves symbolically the cosmic function of shiva , or lord of destruction , the purist example yet all nature is holy . 
 the thought of looking into the dark cup ruled him . 
 nicolas held firm the club designed for such a subtle touch . 
 he said in a tiny whisper , `` i pray only for your kindness , lord . '' 
 now he felt he should get down to work . 
 he wanted to get the proper line and speed of the green . 
 nicolas hoped to be done with the thing and finally . 
 a quiet , please ! 
 order seemed to have been issued to all in the famed valley of flowers . 
 over the fast-rushing stream , the mountains , the colorful flowers , a hush fell onto this hard-to-believe landscape . 
 only the occasional sounds of light air gusts could then be heard . 
 a strong breeze rushed in to shove him forward . 
 it left without much success . 
 nicolas adjusted his stance to settle in better . 
 he turned the face of the club to aim right for more break . 
 he scoped the line . 
 numerous looks at the hole , then over the green , then back at the ball , would soon set all in motion . 
 then he just stroked it . 
 the ball ventured off . 
 it went as any happy-go-lucky , tra-la-la , more or less towards the intended target . 
 he had a focused calm while watching . 
 nicolas observed the jolly roller travel somewhat downhill . 
 he saw it enter a difficult spot . 
 he watched it roll into a patch of collected dirt . 
 he demolished down any high hopes for it by thinking up the worst . 
 the ball stopped well short . 
 it had gotten caught up in the thick area . 
 nicolas took no time in setting up over this next putt . 
 he made the decision to go for it with some speed . 
 give it a chance , he told himself . 
 soon after , the rounded one was on its way . 
 the ball was again heading towards the cylindrical dark hole but a taste right . 
 it turned nicely and against the odds . 
 the ball moved onto a much better line . 
 the one rolling headed one finger right . 
 it looked as if it might still change lanes . 
 although it was by no means a shoe-in , it looked good to him . 
 it went as any good samaritan . 
 then the ball did break onto a better line . 
 it headed directly at the hole . 
 it occurred to him that his putting had not lost its sheen . 
 he felt the god-touch might still be his . 
 `` yes ! '' 
 he said . 
 at the hole the ball did not go in dead center . 
 it turned at the end . 
 the ball spun from centrifugal force around the top curvature condition of the hole . 
 it did a complete 360 . 
 it stopped then staggered on the lip of the cup . 
 it looked like any sad wayfarer , standing on a street-side curb . 
 nicolas hastened a low groan . 
 several funeral pyres burned in him . 
 he looked on the cusp of bursting into a tall flame of fire . 
 again , nicolas felt sorry for coming up here for this . 
 the little ball looked as if it could stay on this hard edge forever . 
 repeated sharp looks at it did not improve the situation . 
 in place of dropping in , the ball rested on the cup comfortably . 
 the ball looked satisfied being between a thing dead and in the hole and one alive and on top . 
 it stayed on that thin line perched between here and then gone . 
 to him , the ball had turned traitor . 
 he believed it was intent on spiting him . 
 nicolas added a few undesirable remarks . 
 the agony of his play till now , coupled with this close-but-no-cigar effort , came to him now as a pair of seeing-red charging bulls . 
 he looked on the boil . 
 a hectic lobbying for allies followed . 
 nicolas was dumbfounded , bitter at being left lone up here and standing there haggling with no one . 
 he stared at the ball that remained on the rim of the cup . 
 he could not comprehend how it could make such a lovely turn at the hole , then have the appalling gall to not drop in . 
 he could not understand how it could do such a thing to him , an otherwise gentle fellow . 
 it seemed nature was designed for pinning down any course-goer , as something of a rule of thumb . 
 once more nicolas decided against using anger . 
 he chose not to do with his club what he had done in circumstances such as this , which was plant it . 
 he felt he had one option left . 
 he then began the mature process of letting his shadow do the dirty work . 
 nicolas moved to put himself between the sun , the ageless wonder here , and the dark hole . 
 he stood between the one burning bright and the white ball , or object that frequently disobeys . 
 he felt the ball and hole could still be united in a type of matrimony , with attendees enjoying a brief show of an eclipse of the sun . 
 except for where his ball lay , the swarming sunrays were successful in covering all in the valley of flowers . 
 the ball remained atop the edge of the cup as the great spaniard 's in ' 84 . 
 it seemed hell-bent on inflicting him pain . 
 suddenly he glimpsed a wish-fulfilling wobble . 
 then , like preceding the birth of time , the ball appeared to quiver . 
 a blaze of sunshine showed over the cup . 
 nicolas had moved from excitement but was soon back in position . 
 he stood in the sun 's light and froze . 
 he felt he still had some chance . 
 18 nicolas no longer felt in control of his mind . 
 he felt he had little control over his body too . 
 as to what his physical self might do next , he could not be certain : toss up his cap , kick up a leg , go into a scottish jig even , if the thing dropped in . 
 and the ball did remain shaky . 
 it continued its balancing act atop the lip of the cup . 
 the ball kept up its devil dance known to him now as the great tease . 
 despite his fervent wish for it , it looked unwilling to roll over and just die . 
 it appeared ready to continue its death dance in front of him forever . 
 the ball remained atop the lip of the cup for a full four , five , six seconds and more or entire length of all eternity . 
 then it did move , and against the odds . 
 nicolas looked at the grass sensing his own struggle with gravity . 
 without consciously knowing it , he began lofting his putter in celebratory anticipation . 
 he lifted the club , bit by slow bit , with ever-growing assurance . 
 then it happened . 
 all at once , in a slow counter-rotational spiral that kept the suspense alive , the ball gravitationally lost its struggle for life against death . 
 it plunged into the cylindrical dark cup that looked massless or time-like . 
 it fell beneath a sky lit ablaze by the all-seeming uncaring . 
 into this end-state the ball disappeared , pure and for keeps . 
 a quaint tumbling tune could then be heard . 
 it sounded as if a certain someone had become somewhat bitter . 
 the ball was safely scuttled away and his muscles loosened . 
 he no longer wore a long face but was actually beaming . 
 any could see that the ball falling in was widely appreciated by him . 
 on his face too was a satisfied look of hard-won glory . 
 nicolas complimented himself on a job well done . 
 as the big bout was now over , he felt an urge to give all a good finishing punch . 
 he enlisted an uppercut fist-pump that founded his newest signature and his spirits soared . 
 he gave his pant leg a quick hike . 
 nicolas stepped forward once . 
 he reached down and plucked out his roped-in ball . 
 he took from the cup the principal member in this drama of the absurd that had ended just fine . 
 nicolas extended this moment out of the sheer enjoyment of it . 
 he believed he had come through as a talent-hunt winner . 
 he returned the flag to the hole . 
 nicolas headed to his pack sensing the tiny tactile pleasure of repeatedly turning over the ball in his hand . 
 he twirled between his fingers the club he held in the other . 
 this was his favorite aftershow . 
 nicolas went to his rucksack as if he had all along been his greatest cheerleader . 
 he put back in his pack his ball and also arjuna 's . 
 he put away his glove and then took out his course journal . 
 he began recounting the shock treatment he had given this high place . 
 nicolas went to the page he believed his score should go . 
 it looked entirely innocent but was about to be marred . 
 the southpaw recounted the number on behalf of this curiously happy victor . 
 the math complete , he marked down the high number . 
 he pick up and put on his jacket . 
 nicolas lifted his pack and returned the putter . 
 he straightened the club 's head in the bag . 
 he set off for the 2nd without so much as benefiting from a returning glance . 
 he thought nothing now of the violence he had just administered to all in the valley of flowers . 
 he hoped only to get back his mood-making self belief or mojo . 
 the freshness of the mountain air was then on his face as he thought of his future accomplishments . 
 after an hour he believed he could see the 2nd in the distance . 
 he was happy to find the next tee without much searching here or there . 
 `` just a little ways to go , '' he said . 
 he felt he had all by himself found this next hole . 
 he made out he had discovered this next station-in-charge . 
 he gave no recognition now to the help he had received along the way . 
 he had all along followed a goat trail . 
 this had been set there eons ago by migrating herders . 
 discovering the 2nd was made possible too by simply being there . 
 nature had more than adequately supplied a way for him to go and would do so always . 
 nicolas moved to retrieve the water bottle from his pack . 
 he wanted to give himself this reward . 
 at first he struggled with the bottle 's cap . 
 it soon popped open though and the waterworks were fully operational . 
 he took a drink and savored . 
 nicolas came back from this ecstasy additionally pumped . 
 he held the bottle by his side and stared blankly . 
 he looked to the indian himalayas , or spread out view of heaven with renewed energy . 
 he felt altogether good about himself . 
 nicolas looked forward to more play here . 
 the death toll over the valley would likely go uncounted . 
 of this he was not too concerned . 
 instead , he was all over again happy with his changed form . 
 he looked to where there was nothing made mechanical by man . 
 nicolas next peered at what he believed was the 2nd tee . 
 it seemed quite untouched . 
 the area was without the incredible flower concentration as on the 1st . 
 he could not say , hand on heart , if this was better . 
 less flowers was a good thing , he thought . 
 but then he wondered what more might come . 
 nicolas daydreamed the 1st had been easy for him . 
 it was not at all long , he told himself . 
 he then came up with the bright idea of being handed a bouquet for participating up here . 
 he thought to say , to any interested in hearing it , what his ego self was now telling him . 
 and the message was that it would be foolish to bet against him . 
 as for the applause that always followed , loud and clear in his ears , and straight through childhood , nicolas heard even more . 
 he felt nothing now of being immaculately whipped on the 1st . 
 he thought only of the thing that had happened at the end when his ball dropped in . 
 nicolas kumar issued a word of caution for his gloating . 
 he brushed that aside , however , as if caution were a mere clod of dirt stuck to his pant legs . 
 he missed his gizmos . 
 his computer he had left at home ; his many gaming devices were back at his family 's haveli ; his phone too was back in his room where he had been told to leave it . 
 growing up as a gadgeteer , he wished to have at least one of these . 
 nicolas concentrated next on the series of standing-o 's he usually received and was just now taking delivery . 
 sounds of virulent golf claps swelled his head . 
 it felt like crackling sparklers had been lit off and were bursting all around him . 
 he heard endless praise of himself . 
 nicolas enjoyed this as any fanboy . 
 he basked in this glory . 
 he felt these audience cheers were like roars of thunder . 
 he heard loud and clear in his head the insistent calls of `` autograph please ! '' 
 from this crowd 's incredible root-for , it was clear to him that they wanted to see more . 
 he focused next on finding that no. 2 spot . 
 he walked in high triumph . 
 nicolas believed he cut a striking figure . 
 he felt he looked as good as any cinema star as he reached up to touch his chin . 
 he felt for a five o'clock shadow before midday . 
 failing this , he lifted his cap as to acknowledge the appreciation of the imaginary flower crowd . 
 he let loose his star-plus hair . 
 his hair fell over his ears . 
 it hung an inch or so above the shoulder area . 
 his hair went to and fro from his extended strides . 
 nicolas kumar returned his cap atop his head . 
 he flashed at all a brilliant smile . 
 he hoped in this way to show his immeasurable greatness . 
 no longer a beanpole from his earlier school days , but lean and muscular , nicolas could not help but think he was the one doing the saving up here . 
 the one with the gray-green eyes and tendency to outward identify , therefore so divide , came up next with the idea that he alone was carrying on to win over the whole world . 
 with almost no memory of his play to now , he believed he could still achieve a good round up here . 
 he imagined there would be the equivalent of a vanity van ready and waiting for him . 
 but there was none . 
 no one was waiting to whisk him off , to be interviewed perhaps by the world 's adoring media . 
 he would have to do the footwork all on his own . 
 still , he felt he could achieve headlines , and do so even from this faraway mountain place . 
 nicolas neared the 2nd tee . 
 he stayed quiet while walking . 
 he peered at the indian himalayas , or massed-up humble giants , set there forever , and which have long been a source of inspiration to so many , although now he felt he was the one others should look up to . 
 by that thinking all was not at his level . 
 this placed him above the common rest of them . 
 nicolas distanced himself further . 
 he ventured to a spot in his i-making mind . 
 he hibernated in this dream world . 
 he was not at the heart side . 
 as to what all he perceived over the valley , the various applause , the appreciations , coming as from the colorful flower gatherings , the persistent calls or challenge perhaps to those living in the modern era , all seemed hushed , and waiting anxiously , in his silent support . 
 `` the clock starts now , '' he said . 
 and his ego mind carried on , placing himself on something of a higher pedestal . 
 keep your mistakes to a minimum , nicolas advised himself inside , as he approached the walk-up to the 2nd tee . 
 and he felt he would be perfect from here on out . 
 but then he sensed in his legs the effort put in from even this mild climbing . 
 he experienced the struggle and strain from moving in these mountains . 
 while breathing heavy , from walking up further into thin air , his happiness with his self stayed , however , undaunted within him . 
 his pride too , in his perceived achievements on the course till now , along with how good he thought he looked , left him quiet though still there . 
 conversely , he had no sense yet of losing his self in the presence of all . 
 had it not been for his strained breathing , which just now held his fascination , along with the soreness he felt in his shoulders , back , arms and legs , the daily sensations of any cart-puller , he might have gone on to spout his made-up versions of ultimate truth . 
 nicolas warmed more to the topic of his own mystery . 
 he felt spurred on by this particular brand of ego growth . 
 he said aloud to no one , `` for me to bear down now and deliver would be quite satisfying . '' 
 by his recent modest play here , two putts , nicolas kumar felt he had rendered all quiet : breeze-blown trees , rustling brush , humbler folk , his audience . 
 ### @collchris on twitter / google + § collchris1@gmail.com§ 
