 murder at zero hour by paul westwood copyright 2011 paul westwood published at smashwords smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 chapter 1 the beginning everyone at the hospital was very kind , but the guard at my door was a constant reminder that i was still considered a criminal . 
 in my condition , the military police were n't expecting me to actually run away , but it was a matter of regulation to keep a close eye on someone charged of striking a superior officer . 
 from what i could tell , this place was a nobleman 's house that had been requisitioned by the army . 
 the wardroom that i had all to myself was brightly lit , and through the ornate leaded glass , i could see the well-kept lawn . 
 since i was two stories up , i had no thoughts of escaping that way . 
 mind you , i 've heard some terrible stories about the conditions of these army hospitals , but as an officer i found the place clean enough , and it appeared to be professionally run . 
 again it was the case of the british and their damned class system . 
 my soldiers would have been kept in abhorrent conditions , to the point where many refused medical care unless they no longer had a choice in the matter . 
 my boys had their own home remedies for most of the common afflictions of the trenches . 
 before i had even a chance to settle in , the military police marched into my room and began asking all the obvious questions . 
 there were two nondescript red-caps doing the questioning while a third hung back to watch . 
 he was a tall major who had the look of an old copper -- the blasé face that had seen it all . 
 i 'm not sure how such work marks a man , but it was there nonetheless -- glassy eyes , a worn face and a sloppy uniform that would make any drill sergeant faint . 
 but still the eyes would glitter with curiosity , and the head would minutely jerk up when i would say something he found interesting . 
 when the questioners were done with their interview , they packed up and left without even giving me a proper goodbye . 
 the major then approached the bed and i gave him a salute out of common courtesy . 
 a closer look of the gentleman revealed nicotine-stained fingers , a badly done shaving job and hair graying at the temples . 
 he was a right mess . 
 i wondered how he had received such a rank . 
 `` lieutenant grant , '' he started off saying , `` i 'm glad to see you have made yourself comfortable here . '' 
 `` it 's not too bad , '' i admitted . 
 `` but i have n't tasted the food yet . '' 
 he did n't even crack a smile . 
 instead , he went on sternly and said , `` my name is major edwin radford and i have been given the very special job of looking after you . '' 
 i could n't do anything but shoot him a grin . 
 he ignored my leer and continued on , `` you see , we have quite the quandary with what to do with you . 
 by all rights you should n't even be here . 
 it should have been a quick trial and then off to be executed by a firing squad . 
 that 's what we do for so-called gentlemen like you . 
 but even the british army has its humanitarian impulses and they want to see you stand unsupported before that firing squad . 
 whether you know it or not , you bought yourself some time with that wounded leg of yours . 
 now why do n't you tell me what really happened . '' 
 `` what i told your men was the truth , '' i protested , but not too strongly . 
 i had no reason to think he would believe me . 
 anyways , i had my dignity . 
 he then cocked an eyebrow in disbelief and said , `` on the face of it , the story you told us seems rather implausible . 
 if you had some real evidence , then i would be willing to pursue it further . 
 come now , tell me the truth . 
 it may be the only chance you have of saving yourself . '' 
 i let out a chuckle and said , `` let me ask you a question , major . '' 
 `` go ahead , lieutenant . '' 
 `` how long have you been a copper ? '' 
 the major winced . 
 he then took off his cap and rubbed his hand against his thinning hair . 
 `` is it that obvious ? 
 i was on the police force for sixteen years until i was asked to join up . '' 
 `` sir , i 've been around and you have that look of someone who has worked a thankless job . 
 and a major no less ? 
 that means you must have been ranked rather high as a policeman . '' 
 `` i can assure you , lieutenant , that i am well-qualified for my job . 
 i was a chief inspector for the city of brighton . 
 i have seen many of an investigation in my time . 
 i 've also seen plenty of criminals and you do n't seem to fit the mold , but they do come in all types . '' 
 `` well then , major chief inspector , '' i said sharply , `` i hope you will take the time to dig a little deeper into this case since i can assure you that i am telling the truth . 
 i hope it is not below your rank to give an american cousin a little help . '' 
 his face turned a bright shade of red and his eyebrows rose in surprise . 
 i could see his hands shaking with anger . 
 he spat out , `` any claims of being an american citizen were lost when you signed up with the british army . 
 your citizenship with said country will certainly not buy you any sympathy with me . '' 
 i leaned lazily back on my pillows and said , `` i wish to speak to the american consul . 
 i want to be sure that my rights are being fully protected . 
 one can not give up their citizenship as easily as you say . '' 
 he replied gruffly , `` i can assure you , laddie , that you rights are being observed to the full extent of the military law . 
 i 'll admit that the only reason i have been assigned to look into this was because you are an american . 
 the home office , '' he used the words with reverence , `` wants to be assured that no questions will arise of your guilt . 
 it is important that we keep the united states on our side in this war . 
 there would be senseless cries of injustice from your press unless the case against you is iron tight from the get-go . 
 that 's why i 'm here , my laddie . '' 
 with those words he snapped his cap back on and strode angrily out of the room . 
 `` thank you , major , '' i shouted at his retreating back . 
 he pretended not to hear and went on his way without a further word . 
 with a smile at my own rudeness , i thought i just had made yet another enemy , so i felt it was high time that i had a fag . 
 someone had thoughtfully left my cigarette case and trench lighter on the bedside table . 
 i lit up a smoke and took a puff . 
 it was a damned shame that i could n't get any lucky strikes on this side of the pond , but still , the chaps at dunhill did n't make a bad cigarette . 
 i was about done smoking and thinking about this-and-that when a nurse burst into my room without even knocking . 
 she was a petite , little thing , with auburn hair kept tight under her hat . 
 her face had that pale skin that only british girls seem to have , but any potential beauty was certainly marred by those tight , pursed lips . 
 she was wearing the standard-issue nurse uniform , which looked like a nun 's habit more than anything else . 
 `` i 'm nurse pennington , '' she said stiffly , `` and i 'm here to look after you . '' 
 her accent was clipped and i could detect a hint of posh there . 
 mind you , i 'm no expert on the labyrinth of dialects that make up the english caste system . 
 but i 've heard enough officers to recognize aristocracy . 
 they spoke in certain tones of command that were unmistakable . 
 `` i do n't need looking after , '' i said rudely . 
 `` and i certainly do n't need a live-in jail-keeper . '' 
 she ignored me and said , `` i 'm usually working the wards on this floor , but you 're considered a special case . 
 major radford specifically asked for someone to stay with you . '' 
 she sat down at the chair next to my bed and made herself comfortable . 
 `` i do have some other duties , but you are to be my main subject of interest . '' 
 i said , `` miss pennington , right now i just wish to get some rest . '' 
 i turned my face away from her and tried to fall asleep . 
 it was tougher than i thought with someone watching you , but it had been a long day and sleep soon carried me away . 
 i had n't had a good rest in weeks . 
 even considering the circumstances , i still managed to sleep for quite some time . 
 i had the odd dream here and there -- the usual remembrances of battles past , and the soldiers that had passed on . 
 the grim type of dreams that i imagine all soldiers are haunted by . 
 i awoke in a sweat . 
 i opened my eyes , only to find that the blasted pennington woman still there . 
 she was hovering over me and feeling my forehead with a cool hand . 
 she had n't noticed yet that i was awake , and i saw at that moment that her face had lost that sour look . 
 i realized then she was quite beautiful with large dark eyes looking ever-so concerned for my well-being . 
 `` why , hello there , '' i said in a friendly manner . 
 she jumped back and the old look returned to her face once again . 
 she said hastily , `` you surprised me , lieutenant . 
 i 'm afraid you are running a bad fever . 
 i 'll have to have the doctor in to make sure your leg has n't taken a bad turn with an infection . '' 
 my leg did hurt badly , but i only shook my head . 
 `` never mind that - tell me miss , what is your story ? '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` my story ? '' 
 she replied innocently . 
 those eyes really were beautiful or else i had been in the trenches for far too long . 
 `` that accent of yours . 
 how did a girl like you end up working at a hospital out here in the middle of a war ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure what you mean , '' she replied and quickly looked away to fiddle with the clipboard at the side table . 
 `` are you the daughter of a duke or something ? '' 
 `` if you must know , '' she breathed at last , `` my father happens to be lord pennington . '' 
 i reached over to my cigarette case and fished one out . 
 i offered one to her but she merely shook her head . 
 i lit it and said , `` lord pennington ? 
 i 've never heard of him . '' 
 she waved my smoke irritably away and said , `` that 's hardly surprising . 
 we just have a small bit of land near hallam fields . 
 any money or prestige we once had was lost to the ages . '' 
 `` i see , '' i said , even though i did n't . 
 what did i know of the aristocracy ? 
 `` well still , a daughter of a lord . 
 how did you come to be here in france ? '' 
 `` these are rather personal questions , '' she said . 
 `` i know , '' i admitted , `` but i 'm afraid i have little to do at the moment and only a dozen bullets to look forward to . 
 let 's make a bargain - you answer my questions and i 'll answer any that you have . 
 we have to spend a day or two here until they decide my fate . 
 we might as well make the best of it . '' 
 doubt crossed her eyes , but in the end she relented and said , `` very well , lieutenant , i will help you pass the time . 
 i left my home to help out in this war as best as i could . '' 
 `` before you continue , there is no reason for us to be so formal . 
 my name is william grant , but my friends call me will . '' 
 she smiled and said , `` my name is ellen . 
 i prefer to call you william , if you do n't mind . 
 will seems too personal . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` please continue with your story , ellen , '' i said graciously . 
 `` very well , william , '' she said . 
 `` as i was saying , when the war broke out and every able-bodied man was mobilizing , i felt left out . 
 i wanted to join in on the great adventure against the germans . 
 on a whim , i decided to take up nursing . 
 i 'm afraid my father is rather conservative and did n't think it was a proper profession for a young lady . '' 
 `` part of the older generation ? '' 
 i offered . 
 `` quite , '' she agreed . 
 a warm smile passed her lips and once again i was taken by her beauty . 
 `` of course i was n't about to listen to him , so i took what little money i had and went straight to london . 
 i signed up for nursing school , and they took me on . 
 i hate to admit that my father 's name may have helped , but it was the only chance i had of getting in . 
 there were plenty of other girls in line and having a titled father certainly opened a few doors . '' 
 `` that is quite understandable , '' i said . 
 `` i rented a small room , but i 'm afraid i 've spent my entire life without a clear understanding of money . 
 i never had to work or make a budget . 
 i never realized how expensive everyday life was , and before i knew it , i was flat broke . 
 i did n't have enough to pay the landlord and knew i would have to return home in shame . 
 instead , i ended up writing to my mother , and she sent me enough funds to see me through . 
 it was n't a lot , but it was enough to get by . '' 
 `` i 'm surprised she helped you out , '' i commented . 
 ellen made a face and replied , `` mother always had a bit of a rebellious streak in her . 
 she worked in a flower shop before she met father , so she understands real life better than i ever could . 
 i 'm sure he gave her his blessing for sending the money , since he never tried to have me traced and returned home . '' 
 `` your life reads like a heroine in one of those dime-store adventure books . 
 what happened after nursing school ? '' 
 `` i 'm afraid it has n't been all that exciting . 
 once my class of girls was graduated , we were divided up and most of us were sent overseas . 
 ever since , i 've been stuck in this hospital looking after hundreds of officers . 
 cleaning out bedpans and nursing the sick is not quite the glamorous life i was expecting . 
 it is miserable place to be at times , and i 've seen more than enough men die . '' 
 `` i ca n't imagine , '' was all that i could say . 
 she then said , `` anyways , the heroine of a book would have been involved with a dashing young lieutenant and broken up a spy ring . 
 those types of things do n't happen in real life . '' 
 `` probably not , '' i agreed . 
 my hurt leg suddenly gave a painful twinge and i shifted my weight to be more comfortable . 
 the movement caused my leg to flare up yet again with a burst of white-hot pain . 
 i involuntarily grunted . 
 `` does your leg hurt that badly ? '' 
 she asked with sudden concern . 
 `` it 's okay , '' i lied . 
 i did n't want to give her the satisfaction of giving me any help , but in the end i did n't have much choice . 
 `` instead of spending all this time talking to you , i should have gotten the doctor to see to that leg of yours . '' 
 ellen stood up and rushed out of the room . 
 as she left , i could n't help but watch those retreating slim ankles . 
 as i said before , this nurse was quite the pretty girl . 
 i normally do n't go for women in uniform , but in this case i was willing to make an exception . 
 before i knew it , she was back with an old doddering doctor trailing behind . 
 i wondered where they dug up this specimen from - he looked ancient and i half-expected him to pull out some leeches from a jar to bleed me . 
 but he seemed competent enough as he took my pulse and finally pulled back the blanket to examine my leg . 
 he then removed the encrusted bandages to get to the wound . 
 it was a mess with caked blood and enough gore to turn any man 's stomach . 
 but i noticed ellen did n't shirk , but carefully followed the doctor 's mumbling instructions . 
 `` i 'm afraid this wound is rather serious , '' the doctor finally said to me . 
 `` you 're lucky that no major arteries were punctured . 
 you would have bled to death in just a few minutes . '' 
 `` maybe that would have been for the better , '' i commented dryly . 
 `` that is of no concern of mine , i just treat the wounded . 
 some infection is starting to take place . 
 i 'll have the nurse here clean the wound and change the bandage . 
 the orderlies out on the field do such a messy job . 
 with any luck , you may survive your wound . 
 perhaps you would like some opium pills to take the pain away , lieutenant ? '' 
 `` perhaps not , '' i replied coldly . 
 `` if you say so , '' the doctor replied absently . 
 i did n't really want the effects of the opium since i was rather enjoying my time with this nurse . 
 and i may not have much time left on this earth so why would i want to spend it in a drug-induced haze ? 
 anyways , i 've had to give opium pellets to the dying and i did n't want to think down those lines myself . 
 the doctor left and ellen began to cut away the rest of the bandages . 
 she worked efficiently with the hands of long practice . 
 soon the old wrappings were cleared away , and she then placed a clean white towel underneath my wounded leg . 
 a liberal amount of alcohol was then poured over the bloody mess . 
 i gritted my teeth as the pain shot down the length of my body . 
 it seemed like an eternity before it receded enough where i could unclench my jaw . 
 `` are you alright ? '' 
 she asked as she began gently probing the wound with some fiendish device . 
 `` never better , '' i lied as i watched her work . 
 soon she had my leg wrapped up again , and i would honestly say she did a competent job . 
 after the debris had been cleared away , she sat back down on the chair next to my bed . 
 she shook her head as i reached for my cigarette case again . 
 `` do you always smoke so much , william ? 
 it 's a filthy habit . '' 
 `` i do n't think i 'll have the time to break the habit , '' i said as i lit up . 
 the smoke felt good as it traveled through my lungs . 
 i leaned wearily against the pillows . 
 ellen said , `` now that i 've told you everything about me , what is your story ? 
 there have been so many rumors about you that i do n't know what to believe . '' 
 `` the rumors are probably true enough . 
 but it 's a long story , '' i said as i flicked a smattering of ashes onto the floor . 
 `` you said yourself that we have plenty of time . 
 anyways , i 've never met an american before . 
 tell me everything from the beginning . '' 
 so i did . 
 chapter 2 the past i will attempt to keep the stories of my childhood short , but the following facts may explain my future temperament and actions . 
 my father , paul grant , was a pastor for a small church in grand rapids , michigan . 
 though he was never a popular minister , he was certainly respected in the community . 
 by all accounts he was a gentle man and was getting on in years when he was invited to england to be a visiting professor of theology at cambridge . 
 it was there that he met his wife-to-be . 
 upon his arrival in england , he rented a room at a nearby home where the landlord had an unmarried daughter named edith . 
 she was considered an old maid at the ripe old age of twenty-seven , and it was to some surprise that she started to show an interest in my father . 
 one thing led to another , and they ended up getting married before his year at cambridge was through . 
 i never knew if their marriage was a loveless one or not , since to my young eyes they never seemed romantically inclined towards each other . 
 but there must have been something initially there since after they returned to america , my mother was pregnant . 
 it must have come to a surprise to the both of them . 
 i imagine he wanted someone to look after him in his coming years of retirement . 
 instead , he was busy playing father . 
 from her point of view , she was escaping a meaningless life in cambridge . 
 her parents had kept her busy about the house , and this may have been her only way of escaping the drudgery . 
 my childhood years seemed to be just like everyone else 's -- the usual fun and games with a few run-ins here and there . 
 to tell the truth , my father was never that close to me , but more like the distant victorian father . 
 on the other hand , my mother kept close watch on me and filled my ears with stories of the old country . 
 those stories definitely had an effect on me . 
 growing up , i imagined england as my lost home . 
 i had many fantasies of returning there to battle dragons and fight alongside king arthur . 
 as my father got older , his theological views became more radical . 
 this certainly did n't suit the conservative church congregation that he preached at , so we were eventually forced to move from the city . 
 my mother took it in stride , but as the years passed by , we ended up moving from town to town with a smaller congregation at each stop . 
 my father could only stay in one place for a while before he would have to find yet another church . 
 this was rarely by his own will , for as i said , his views were often out of step from the majority . 
 this eventually caused some grief with my mother , but she pretended to take it well . 
 she was the source of the family strength , and my father never had cause to abuse her trust . 
 about the only time i remember her getting angry was when we were forced to leave a newly bought oven behind . 
 she was a good cook and she hated to think of that wonderful contraption in the hands of another woman . 
 when i was fourteen , we ended up in olney , illinois . 
 it was a small town with one church , a schoolhouse , and only a handful of inhabitants . 
 but still , it was paradise to a lad like me . 
 the dilapidated farmhouse my father bought had a small stream in the back which provided countless hours of entertainment . 
 moving about as much as we did , made me somewhat of a recluse , and i really did n't need the company of others to be happy . 
 but still , i managed to start a friendship with a local boy named adam . 
 we enjoyed hunting small game with our rifles , and we spent plenty of time exploring the countryside on our bicycles . 
 even with all our moving , school was easy . 
 i found myself excelling at math . 
 the other boys in school were farmer 's sons , and most of them wanted nothing to do with the son of a pastor . 
 but bullies are in every town and even though i was taller than the most , one of them tried to pick a fight with me after school . 
 he was a bull-necked son-of-a-gun who was always causing trouble of some sort . 
 his friends had gathered about , and he began to taunt me . 
 by the time i struck out at him , my face was flushed with anger . 
 i whipped him easy . 
 no one there ever tried to start a fight with me again . 
 i 'll admit now that i was a bit lonely with just my one friend , but i was n't about to offer any of my friendship to those uncouth youths . 
 i was quite happy at olney until one school day a note arrived for the teacher . 
 i was notified to go home at that instant . 
 it seems that my father had gone down to the basement to retrieve some canned goods and when he did not answer my mother 's call , she went down to investigate . 
 he was there , sprawled on the floor unable to speak . 
 the doctor was sent for , and a stroke was the diagnosis . 
 that stroke changed everything . 
 we were given enough charity to get by , but the town still needed a new pastor until my father got better . 
 he never did get better even though my mother spent months patiently nursing him . 
 one evening , my dad slipped away . 
 it was only ten days after my fifteenth birthday . 
 at the time i did n't feel that much grief , but was proud that i was now the man of the house . 
 i expected to work to keep my mother looked after . 
 in the end , things did n't work out that way . 
 my mother wrote to my father 's brother samuel . 
 i did n't even know that my uncle even existed since my father had never even mentioned his name . 
 in the end , we ended up moving to chicago to be with him . 
 i can tell you it was a shock to move to such a big city . 
 and it was something else seeing those high buildings that seemingly touched the sky . 
 my uncle 's house was located on a little cul-de-sac in garfield park . 
 it was a small place since my uncle was a frugal bachelor . 
 but still , it was well-appointed and had more than enough room for my mother and me . 
 i really do n't know what prompted my uncle to help us , but perhaps it was because he was a good man at heart . 
 he had never married and worked long hours as a supervisor at the griffin wheel factory where they made parts for pullman railroad cars . 
 he was an important man there and had more than enough money to support us . 
 at first my uncle samuel seemed so stern and unapproachable , but then one day he took me with to his job . 
 i never saw anything like it in my life . 
 the casting of the metal was fascinating to watch as the iron forges poured out red-hot molten metal . 
 afterwards , the parts were cleaned and assembled . 
 my uncle listened patiently to all of my questions and answered the best he could . 
 he had a wealth of knowledge and seemed to know everything there was to know . 
 my questions seemed to please him , and after that trip , he started to take an active interest in me . 
 not only did he see that i went to the best school in town , but i also had a private tutor to hone my math and science skills . 
 i owe that man plenty , for he treated me like his own son and was kind to my mother too . 
 by the time i graduated from high school , i had a small group of friends with similar interests in math and engineering . 
 i felt at ease with myself and gladly took up the challenge of the university of illinois . 
 at nights i worked at the factory , checking wheel tolerances and learning the trade of mechanical engineering . 
 i had little free time for myself . 
 while my other friends were out dating , i was hitting the books and working all the hours i could . 
 i did n't want to feel obligated to anyone , not even my uncle samuel , so i decided then that i was going to be a self-made man . 
 i graduated from the university in 1912 and was immediately given a promotion at the griffin wheel factory . 
 there i toiled at my drafting table with several other engineers . 
 not exciting work , but the pay was excellent . 
 i continued to live with my uncle and mother until i could find more favorable living circumstances . 
 not that i minded living with them , but i felt it would be best to soon strike off on my own . 
 i craved independence and admit i was looking for some type of adventure . 
 i began missing the feeling of freedom i had had when i was a younger . 
 the open fields and the hidden paths of the countryside called me like a siren . 
 in late june of 1914 , archduke ferdinand was assassinated by a serbian nationalist named gavrilo princip . 
 no one at the time would have guessed that his actions would lead to war . 
 little did we know that europe was just a house of cards waiting for the slightest nudge to make it topple . 
 of course the austrians protested and sent their impossible demands to the serbs . 
 meanwhile , the serbs had the support of russia , while the austrians were counting on the germans to help them . 
 the germans had their own plans and by august declared war on france and russia . 
 as the kaiser advanced his army towards paris , they swept into neutral belgium , forcing the british to join the side of the allies . 
 america mostly looked at these proceedings across the ocean with distaste . 
 it did n't make any sense to us , and the stories of german atrocities were scarcely believed . 
 we wanted nothing to do with this war and anyways , the general feeling was it would be over soon enough . 
 i read with interest the german march on paris , and how they were stopped by the french and british armies . 
 with the brave actions of sir john french , the british expeditionary forces stopped the german army cold and forced them to dig in for a protracted fight . 
 my heart cried out for the british losses since i never lost my love for my adopted homeland . 
 my mother was in tears when i read her the news stories from england , and she worried about the families she knew . 
 my own hatred for the kaiser and his warmongering generals grew and grew with each passing day . 
 i began to obsess over the war and wanted to help to put an end to it all . 
 fall turned into winter , and there was still no end in sight . 
 america went on its own way , and the people did their best to ignore the war over there . 
 it made for good newspaper headlines but really had little impact on their daily lives . 
 sure , there were some shortages of imported goods , but in a country as rich as america this did n't hurt anyone but the most affluent . 
 i still remember a conversation that i had with my uncle where he explained his feelings on the war . 
 we had been talking after supper and discussing the general european situation . 
 i was heady with the need to help the british people , but he only made me angrier by shaking his head like he was lecturing a child . 
 `` america is a nation of immigrants , '' he said . 
 `` we left europe to rid ourselves of the wars that plagued that continent . 
 why should we intervene and help the british or the french ? 
 or for that matter the russian czar ? '' 
 `` they 're fighting for freedom , '' i said proudly . 
 i could feel my temper rising even though i never had much reason to argue with my uncle before . 
 `` freedom ? '' 
 my uncle chuckled . 
 `` britain and france have colonies all over the world , and they keep them rich by exploiting the less fortunate . 
 the russians are even worse with an economy built on slave labor . 
 they are all fighting to keep themselves in power . 
 the germans would like to get their hands on those resources . 
 now you have to agree that is a foolish thing to be involved with . '' 
 i admit that my uncle was a bit of a socialist in his kinder moods . 
 `` but look at the atrocities the germans have committed , '' i replied testily . 
 `` propaganda is a tool both sides use , '' he said judiciously . 
 `` i 'm sure the british have their own number of incidents they wo n't bother reporting to their press . 
 that is , if there is any freedom of the press left over there . '' 
 i knew it was no use arguing with my uncle any further , so i gave up at that point . 
 even the sinking of lusitania did not budge him from his views on the war . 
 but it certainly made up my mind . 
 for some months i had grown dissatisfied with my boring job and was thinking of leaving chicago to go and fight against the germans . 
 the drowning of those innocent victims on that helpless ship was the final straw . 
 if i could join the british army , then i would have the adventure i craved . 
 i went ahead and made my plans in secret . 
 the next day , after work , i went to the bank and withdrew the several hundred dollars i had saved over the years . 
 the bank teller gave me an odd look , for i was well-known for depositing my substantial leftover earnings . 
 after checking the train schedules , i then spent the night packing a small leather suitcase and writing a rather sentimental letter to my mother . 
 i wo n't go in the details of my message , except it really was written with the true love a son has for his mother . 
 i had never been parted from her before and i feared she would be most upset by my leaving . 
 but she was in good stead with my uncle , and she had no fears of the future . 
 i wondered how my uncle would handle the news and thought he would probably wash his hands of me . 
 early the next morning , i left before anyone else was up . 
 it was my habit to leave early for work , so i did not expect them to be suspicious of my absence . 
 i knew i would n't be missed until that evening and by that time , i would be far away . 
 as usual , the train station was busy with morning travelers . 
 i bought a ticket for a sleeper car to new york city . 
 it was more expensive to travel this way , but i wanted the privacy to fully appreciate my little adventure . 
 i had plenty of money tucked away in my wallet , and i wanted to thoroughly enjoy myself . 
 the train pulled out in time and i felt a rush of excitement as my journey started . 
 at this point , i 'll admit i had some misgivings , but they were quickly overcome as i watched the scenery blur by as the train picked up speed . 
 we went past the indiana steel mills and were soon eating up the miles of ohio . 
 the may weather was beautiful , and the smell of spring was in the air . 
 the new leaves were green , and it only added to the sensation of being free from all responsibility . 
 i took my lunch and dinner in the dining car , watching my fellow travelers with great interest . 
 it was n't long before evening came , and i was lying in my bed listening to the rails underneath . 
 i fell asleep to the gentle movement of the passenger cars swaying back and forth . 
 i woke up to the sound of the porters calling out our upcoming destination and gathering luggage . 
 new york was only an hour away . 
 after excitedly changing my clothes , i greedily watched out the window as we drew into the city limits . 
 i knew new york was a big place , but even i was surprised by the large number of people and buildings . 
 the train chuffed into the station and stopped in a gush of steam . 
 i gripped my leather suitcase and jumped down to the platform . 
 though i was used to city life , the amount of sheer humanity in grand central station overwhelmed me at first . 
 a man suddenly went sprawling against me . 
 as i helped to pick him up , he apologized profusely . 
 he was a rat-faced little man with suspicious eyes . 
 he quickly tipped his dilapidated hat in thanks and disappeared into the teeming crowd . 
 i shrugged it off , continued on and fought my way to the 42nd street exit . 
 it was teeming with people of all walks of life , and i managed to catch a cab to the waldorf hotel . 
 i was living high on the hog , but the experience of spending money so wantonly was quite enjoyable . 
 i never had the inclination to spend so frivolously , and it felt good to enjoy the best things in life . 
 when we reached the hotel , i stepped down from the taxi and the cabbie handed my suitcase over . 
 i reached for my wallet to pay the fare and found it was missing . 
 i had been robbed . 
 at this point i did n't show any panic , even though i could feel my heart beating hard against my chest . 
 i still had some change in my pocket which was just enough to pay for my fare . 
 i handed over the money to the cabbie and felt bad that i could n't give the poor fellow a decent tip . 
 i knew right away that my wallet had been stolen at the grand central station by that rat-faced man . 
 now it was clear that it had been no accident . 
 i had been the victim of a professional pickpocket looking for easy pickings . 
 i must have looked naïve enough for him to take the chance . 
 there was no reason to summon the police , since by now i could n't even clearly remember the thief 's face . 
 even if the police investigated , it would be a long time before i would see that money again . 
 there i was , stranded in new york city , with not even enough money for a flophouse . 
 i had been planning that afternoon to go down to the passenger ship offices in order to book a second class cabin to england . 
 i could have waited a few days for the ship to leave , spending my time taking in the sights of new york city . 
 now i had to think fast and find another way overseas . 
 i was too proud to wire my uncle for help , so instead , i started heading towards the direction of the waterfront . 
 perhaps i could steal aboard a ship or find work on a steamer . 
 after asking for directions , i took a long walk towards the offices of several shipping lines . 
 i found a city teeming with different languages and men of the sort i had never seen before . 
 chicago was large , but i had to admit it did not approach the majesty of new york city . 
 i only wished i had more time for seeing it before i made my journey across the ocean . 
 i found the white star lines and checked the schedules posted outside . 
 i found that a ship called the hms adriatic was leaving that very night for a seven day trip to liverpool . 
 after noting down the wharf it was berthed at , i started towards the docks . 
 it was some time and a few wrong turns before i finally made it to the wharf . 
 the sea had a distinctly fishy smell , not at all what i expected from my readings as a boy . 
 i wrinkled my nose as i looked down the line of docked ships . 
 still carrying my suitcase , which seemed heavier than when i left the train station , i found the adriatic . 
 she was a big two funnel ship -- much bigger than i expected . 
 there was a flurry of activity around it . 
 luggage was being loaded , and there was a line of passengers moving up the gangplank where their tickets were being checked . 
 a separate gangplank was being used by the crew , and some sailor was guarding the entrance against possible stowaways . 
 i could n't see any way on the ship unless i could bluff my way through the lines of passengers . 
 surely visitors would be on board to say their last goodbyes . 
 i wandered up and down the dock , looking for any other way to gain access into the ship . 
 i stopped and considered climbing up the mooring lines , but feared i had neither the strength nor the courage to do so . 
 anyways , i could have been spotted and that would be the end of that . 
 i decided then to walk straight on board and take a chance i would n't be questioned due to my fine clothes . 
 it was an odd shot , but at this point i could n't think of any other way onboard . 
 lost in my thoughts , i did n't notice the man standing next to me until he tugged on my sleeve . 
 i took a step back in surprise and saw an older gentleman who had a stoop . 
 he wore a grimy coverall and a grease-stained flat cap popular with the working class . 
 his hands were well-worn with work and blackened with coal dust . 
 he said something to me , but i could n't make out it what it was . 
 he saw my confusion and slowly repeated the words again , `` she 's a fine ship , '' was what i finally heard . 
 mind you , i 've only heard my mother 's cultured british accent , and back then i could n't easily recognize the distortions of the cockney . 
 `` yes , she is , '' i commented amiably enough . 
 i continued staring at the ship wistfully . 
 `` do you have friends on board or are you waiting for someone ? '' 
 as he spoke , his words slowly became more understandable and i did n't need to strain my ears as much . 
 his accent had a pleasant rolling lilt that i found enjoyable to listen to - little did i know the wide variety of accents i was about to encounter in the future . 
 i said cautiously , `` i 'm looking for a way to get to england so i can join the army over there , but i 'm afraid my money was stolen when i got here to new york . '' 
 `` stolen ? '' 
 he asked kindly . 
 `` well , you are dressed like a gentleman if i do say so myself . 
 why do n't you head on over to the bank and get some more money ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i 'm not that much of a gentleman . 
 i 'm a stranger here and do n't expect my uncle back in chicago would like to know where i am going . '' 
 `` ah , i see -- you 're a runaway . 
 i did the same thing myself when i was a boy . 
 but i was a wee younger than you are . 
 tell me , can you do some hard work ? '' 
 `` what are you suggesting ? '' 
 `` you see , i 'm on the stoking crew of the adriatic . 
 i must admit that i 'm getting on in years . 
 this is supposed to be my last trip across . 
 i ca n't do the work i once did , but if you help me out , i 'll get you onboard . '' 
 this was definitely a stroke of luck . 
 i asked cautiously , `` if i could inquire , what exactly are your duties ? '' 
 `` i shovel coal , '' he said proudly . 
 `` and then i shovel some more until they tell me to stop shoveling . 
 we have to keep boilers going to keep the steam up if the ship wants to go anywhere . '' 
 i was familiar with the operation of steam since we used various steam-powered machines at our shop to lathe and turn the wheels as they were being manufactured . 
 we used an enormous amount of coal to keep the boilers going . 
 i 've watched the men laboring to keep the furnaces going . 
 it was grueling work , and only the most unskilled were put into that job . 
 `` it 's hard work , '' i said uneasily . 
 `` aye , it is at that . 
 but at least it is honest work . 
 anyways , it will build you up for the army . '' 
 i hesitated only a moment before saying , `` i 'll take your offer . 
 my name is william grant . '' 
 i offered my hand . 
 he reached out a calloused hand and we shook . 
 `` my name is isaac mills , '' he said with a grin . 
 `` it is a pleasure to meet you . 
 now we must hurry and get on board before we are left behind . '' 
 with those words , isaac hurried up the crew 's gangplank with me in tow and nodded to the man standing guard . 
 the man was a big burly brute , but he merely stared at me before letting us pass . 
 my new friend then led me to an iron wrought stairway which we took down . 
 we descended further into the deeper levels of the ship , each step echoing against the metal walls . 
 after an interminable distance , we arrived at the bottom of the stairs . 
 we walked awhile longer on a suspended catwalk , my head ducking past a maze of pipes . 
 i was in the bowels of the ship , and the hum of the engines was growing louder with each step . 
 the great boilers that ran the propellers loomed ahead -- they were massive . 
 i could only whistle in appreciation as i looked up at them through the dim carbon lights . 
 `` she 's a good ship , '' isaac said proudly . 
 `` she can do up to eighteen knots if we put our back into it . '' 
 i did n't know enough about ships to comment intelligently so i merely nodded . 
 `` is it safe to be down here ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i was feeling claustrophobic with the iron weight of the ship above me . 
 if this ship was to sink , this was clearly the most dangerous place to be . 
 how much time did the stokers in the lusitania have to get to the top ? 
 it was n't a pleasant thought . 
 he laughed and said , `` you 'll get used to the feeling soon enough . '' 
 we went past the boilers and i could hear the scrape of the shovel against iron . 
 a knot of men were laboring in front of the open furnace door , shoveling in masses of coal . 
 coal was piled up everywhere on the bottom of the deck . 
 i watched them work until the mighty door of the furnace shut with a clang . 
 i wondered again what kind of situation i had gotten myself into . 
 `` hello gents , '' isaac called out to his fellow workers . 
 when they saw me , they came over . 
 their faces were streaked black with coal , and in the gloom i could barely make out their features . 
 they looked much like devils working over the furnaces of hell . 
 `` this here is william , '' my friend said , pointing at me . 
 `` he needs some help . '' 
 `` hello everyone , '' i mumbled . 
 toothy smiles flashed through their soot-stained faces . 
 i shook hands with everyone and cringed at the thought of the future of the fine clothes i was wearing . 
 this was going to be some dirty work . 
 `` this yank wants to go and fight the hun , '' isaac added . 
 this brought some further words of encouragement from the assembled men . 
 they now seemed quite keen to help me out . 
 `` now , son , '' one of the men warned , `` keep your head down and do n't pay attention to anyone . 
 the lieutenant in charge here would n't recognize any of us in broad daylight , so i 'm sure he will just ignore you if you stay quiet enough . '' 
 `` i can handle that , '' i replied since at this point i had nothing to lose . 
 a shovel was then placed into my hands , and i took off my jacket to help with the shoveling . 
 it was harder work than i imagined . 
 the men sang some songs to pass the time . 
 at that time i could n't figure out the unfamiliar words , so i just hummed along as i scooped coal into the open furnaces . 
 isaac stood to the side without working and offered me words of encouragement . 
 he soon told me the ship was about to make steam and leave the confines of the harbor . 
 suddenly , i could feel movement under my feet . 
 within a few minutes , the ship began to sway and roll violently . 
 even living in chicago near lake michigan , i admit i have had little experience with boats . 
 while i fought to keep my footing , i noticed the other workers glancing towards me with a keen interest . 
 fighting the urge to sit down and rest , i kept on working even though i felt sick to my stomach . 
 as long as i kept concentrating at the task at hand , i could keep my last meal down . 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 isaac asked as he slapped me hard on the back . 
 my stomach gurgled uncomfortably . 
 my last meal seemed like a long time ago , but something was bound to come up if the rolling of the ship did not cease . 
 `` fine , '' i gulped . 
 `` tell me , does the ship always move in such a fashion ? '' 
 he laughed and said , `` i can tell you have n't been to sea before . 
 we 've just left the safety of the harbor and entered into the sea proper . 
 honestly , this is nothing yet . 
 i 've been in some serious blows where all you can do is hold on to the deck and pray you will live to see the next day . '' 
 `` i see , '' i said weakly and continued shoveling at the coal in front of me one careful scoop at a time . 
 `` it 's about suppertime , '' he added . 
 my stomach churned violently at the idea of eating . 
 `` i 'm really not hungry right now , '' i said weakly . 
 `` aye , you do look a little green , '' he admitted . 
 `` that 's too bad . 
 i was about to have the cook fry up some nice eggs and bacon . '' 
 the thought of greasy food was enough to make me drop on my knees , deep in nausea . 
 before i knew it , i was suddenly vomiting on the floor . 
 i could hear the laughter of the men . 
 this was their idea of a joke and before i grew angry , i checked myself . 
 i needed to stay on board for only a few more days and there was no reason to make enemies out of these humble men . 
 so i blurted out between heaves , `` tell the cook that i wo n't require his services as i have no need to eat right now . '' 
 they laughed at my response . 
 isaac helped me up after my heaving ceased . 
 `` i 'm afraid we like to have our little jokes , '' he said kindly . 
 `` do n't take it too personally . '' 
 `` it always happens with the new man , '' i said weakly . 
 my mouth was sour with the taste of vomit and the deck continued to spin dizzily around me . 
 `` now , mr. grant , i 'm afraid you will have to get some rest and get over this sea-sickness . '' 
 he walked me over to their sleeping quarters which seemed a long ways away . 
 he then set me down on a moldy cot that was covered with a rough wool blanket . 
 a nearby bucket rested on the ground and it looked like a good place to rest my head for now . 
 i heard him say , `` all new sailors get a little seasick . 
 you 'll get over it soon . '' 
 i 'm afraid that any of his further words were lost in a new torrent of vomiting . 
 as he left , i decided i was really was ill . 
 i rested uneasily as the ground swayed up and down . 
 this was hardly the position i expected myself to be in and i reflected deeply on my own state of misery . 
 at this point the thrill of the adventure was beginning to lose its sheen . 
 i do n't remember how many hours passed , but the clatter of footsteps past the sleeping quarters reminded me that men were still at work . 
 eventually i had the strength to pull myself up on the cot and fall into a fitful sleep . 
 in what seemed like a minute , hands shook me awake . 
 i wiped at my encrusted eyes . 
 looking at isaac standing above me , it took me a moment to realize where i was . 
 `` how long have i been asleep ? '' 
 i grunted . 
 `` all night , '' he answered back kindly . 
 `` i have some beef broth and water for you . '' 
 `` food does n't seem particularly inviting right now , '' i admitted . 
 `` the wind has died down a bit , and it has been smoother going . 
 you may want to try some food if you are to be feeling any better . '' 
 the motion of the ship had lessened . 
 swinging my legs down to the floor , my stomach did n't feel quite so shaky . 
 the smell of the broth was good , so i reached out and took a tentative sip . 
 it stayed down , so i took another . 
 i realized i was thirsty so i took the tin cup from his hand and tried some water . 
 it was cold and felt good against my ravaged throat . 
 `` you are looking better , '' isaac said as he watched me finish the broth . 
 `` definitely a bit of color has returned to your cheeks . '' 
 perhaps i did feel a bit better , but i was still awfully weak . 
 `` i 'm not sure i can take your place at the furnace today , '' i said cautiously . 
 `` that 's alright , william . 
 but i expect you will be better by tomorrow . 
 i remember the first day i went out to sea . 
 i was just a farm lad and had swum in nothing but a river before . 
 once the boat left port , i was just as sick as you are -- maybe even a little sicker . 
 the men on board found it amusing to see a landlubber losing his lunch . 
 i suppose us old sailors are all the same in the end . '' 
 i gave him a weak smile and said , `` i have n't been in anything bigger than a rowboat before . 
 and that was just in lake michigan . 
 i never knew how much the ocean tosses these boats about . 
 at least it was never mentioned in the books i read . '' 
 `` you 'll learn that there is a big difference between real life and anything you read in those books of yours . '' 
 with those words he left me to attend to his duties . 
 i felt bad letting him take my place at work , but i felt too weak to do anything else . 
 the day went slowly as i had nothing to occupy my time but my own thoughts . 
 i admit i thought of my poor mother and how my uncle must feel betrayed by my actions . 
 but it was too late to do anything about it right now . 
 perhaps once i reached liverpool , i would send them a telegram to tell them that i was safe . 
 by that evening i felt good enough to stand and tend to my own needs . 
 i did n't eat in the mess for fear of being discovered by an officer . 
 instead , i stayed by the furnaces and talked to the men as they worked over the relentless fires . 
 it was a good time spent since i began to clearly pick up on their different dialects . 
 they were good fellows , each with a story to tell how they entered into the merchant navy . 
 many of them were too old to fight in the trenches or thought it was safer to take the chance with the german submarines prowling the atlantic . 
 i broached the sinking of the lusitania with them and one of them spat on the ground . 
 he said , `` that ship was n't carrying no arms . 
 that 's german propaganda that is . '' 
 `` but how could one torpedo sink an entire ship so quickly ? '' 
 i asked . 
 for the papers were full of stories of secret arm shipments being made by the british . 
 i did n't know what to believe . 
 `` those huns have secret weapons , '' the man said harshly . 
 `` we had better hope to god that we do n't get hit with one of those special torpedoes . '' 
 the other men around him mumbled in agreement before going back to their tasks . 
 i went to bed that night and woke feeling rested . 
 by this time the movement of the ship did n't bother me in the slightest , and i was able to walk without feeling dizzy . 
 i took my place near the furnace and spent the day shoveling coal . 
 in the gloom , the few officers that came by ignored me and i was able to go through the day unnoticed . 
 when i took a break and checked myself in the mirror , i found the reason why . 
 i was covered in coal dust from head to foot . 
 i do n't think my own family would have recognized me . 
 we went on this way for four more days and i grew used to the scheduled life of the sailor . 
 my muscles no longer ached , and i found the work easy enough , if not a little boring . 
 that evening , i was getting off my shift and was looking forward to a good supper before turning in . 
 i had all but forgotten of the war until alarm bells began to ring throughout our deck . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 i asked the man nearest to me . 
 he shrugged and said , `` someone must have spotted a periscope . 
 people been a little edgy since the lusitania went down . '' 
 isaac was near . 
 he tapped me on the shoulder and said , `` let 's go topside and see what 's going on . '' 
 we ran up the stairs to the crew deck on top . 
 the sudden glare of sunlight burned my eyes and it took a few moments before i could even see the ocean around us . 
 it was a beautiful view with the sun hanging low on the sea-swept horizon . 
 a group of passengers on the deck below were huddled together , pointing off in the distance towards the setting sun . 
 i could n't see what the passengers were looking at , but the captain must have taken the threat seriously since the ship began to zigzag back and forth across the waves . 
 `` i wish i had a telescope , '' isaac groaned as he shielded his eyes . 
 `` i ca n't see a damned thing out there . '' 
 `` do you think we 're in any danger ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i continued to scan the horizon . 
 the sun was blinding and would provide excellent cover for a submarine on the hunt . 
 `` nah , more than likely just some jumpy crew seeing a whale . '' 
 `` it 's happened before , '' one of the crewmen next to me muttered . 
 `` what 's that there ? '' 
 i asked pointing out to sea . 
 i had caught the glimpse of a white wake coming towards us . 
 `` it 's a torpedo ! '' 
 someone shouted . 
 everyone watched silently as the torpedo grew closer . 
 i held my breath as it sped past the stern of the boat . 
 we breathed a collective sigh of relief until a binocular-wielding officer yelled , `` tell the bridge hard to port . 
 here comes another one ! '' 
 the order was relayed across the ship and it swung hard to left . 
 my eye caught the trail of the torpedo as it crossed where the prow would have been if we had n't turned . 
 i looked down at my hands and they were white with fear from the pressure of holding on to the railing . 
 it was one thing to meet your opponent face-to-face and another thing to be a target for an unseen enemy . 
 i would have done anything to have a rifle or cannon to shoot back with , but the white star lines had decided that submarines would n't prey on defenseless passenger ships . 
 i would have like to take that damned company president of theirs and put him on this ship and ask him how it felt to be the target . 
 an officer above shouted at us , `` get back to work everyone . 
 we need all the steam we can muster . '' 
 so isaac and i hastily returned to the furnaces and began shoveling coal . 
 i do n't think i ever worked so hard or those fires were ever stoked so hot . 
 any extra distance we could get between us and the slower moving submarine would be a godsend . 
 chapter 3 the present - ellen 's story lieutenant grant was beginning to look exhausted from telling his tale . 
 i thought it was in his best interest if he took a rest . 
 i interrupted by saying , `` it is getting rather late . '' 
 with a nod , he looked out the window and looked surprised when he saw that the sun had set a long time ago . 
 glancing at the clock on his nightstand , he said , `` you 're right , ellen , i 'm afraid i 've kept you up for most of the night . 
 it is nearly one in the morning . '' 
 `` do n't worry , '' i said graciously , `` i 'm used to long hours working here . '' 
 `` i bet you are . 
 please feel free to leave me for the night . 
 i 'm sure the guards outside will see that i 'm well-taken care of . 
 they would n't want their prize to go and disappear on them . '' 
 he said the words with little humor . 
 `` i 'm afraid you wo n't be going anywhere on that leg of yours , '' i said . 
 `` this is just a scratch , '' he said bravely . 
 i had cleaned the wound as best as i could , but i was still afraid for his health . 
 a bad infection could lead then to gangrene which meant the leg would have to be removed . 
 i 've seen enough wounds to know that this was a real possibility . 
 well , i was n't about to mention this to him right now . 
 he had enough worries . 
 so instead i said , `` i 'm sure you 'll be up on your feet soon enough , william . 
 but for now , you 'll have to let me take care of you . 
 do n't put any undue pressure on your bad leg . '' 
 he gave me a flippant salute and said , `` very well , nurse pennington , i 'll be entirely at your disposal . '' 
 i got up and leaned over to adjust the pillows at his back . 
 he seemed to enjoy the attention and gave me a knowing look . 
 i said carefully , `` now , lieutenant , you 're hardly in shape for such activities . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , ellen . 
 i was n't trying to shock your sensibilities by being so forward . 
 it 's just living in the trenches makes you lonely for female companionship . 
 a great beauty like you is too much for a man of my temperament . '' 
 `` i 've heard all the excuses before , '' i said with a laugh . 
 `` you are n't the first and you wo n't be the last officer to make an advance on me . '' 
 he actually blushed and said , `` i 'm sorry , ellen . 
 i 'm none too familiar with the fair sex . '' 
 `` you never even had a girlfriend back home ? '' 
 i asked , not believing a word of it . 
 `` oh , i 've gone on a few dates , but nothing serious ever came of it . '' 
 for some reason i felt an unexpected flash of jealousy . 
 i covered the emotion by shaking my head and saying , `` now you 're having me on , william . 
 a good-looking bloke like you must have had loads of girlfriends . 
 i bet you really came over here because you got some girl in trouble . '' 
 he looked at me queerly and then let out a laugh , `` now you 're having me on . '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` really , i think it is best that you get some rest now , '' i said . 
 i adjusted his blankets and went to draw the curtains shut . 
 i walked over to the light switch by the door and turned it off . 
 `` good night , ellen , '' his voice came from the darkness . 
 `` i hope you will stop by to hear the rest of my story . '' 
 `` good night , william , '' i said in turn . 
 `` i will be seeing you in the morning . '' 
 i quietly shut the door quiet and passed by the two sleepy-looking guards . 
 i was about to turn down the hall towards my quarters when i saw major radford leaning lazily against the corridor wall . 
 he had an impatient expression as if he had been expecting me to come by a long time ago . 
 he motioned me over . 
 he looked haggard and rundown as if this war was taking a personal toll on his health . 
 professionally speaking , he looked as if he needed a month of bed rest . 
 but behind his slovenliness there was a bright twinkle in his eyes . 
 as i walked towards him , he seemed to look right through me as if he knew everything about me . 
 it was a rather chilling sensation that i unsuccessfully tried to shake off . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 i asked inquisitively as i tried to meet his steadfast gaze . 
 he looked about to see if anyone was nearby . 
 `` shh , '' he hushed me in a low voice . 
 `` i wish to have a few words with you . 
 is there anywhere quiet we can talk ? '' 
 i led him to a nearby wardroom that was unoccupied . 
 i turned on the overhead light and after the door was shut , he passed by me to prowl about the room . 
 `` what do you wish to discuss ? '' 
 i asked shortly . 
 i was feeling tired and just wanted to go and sleep in my little cot at the nurse 's quarters . 
 he turned to face me and said , `` this lieutenant grant -- you seem to be getting on with him rather well . '' 
 `` i suppose so , '' i admitted . 
 he nodded slowly . 
 `` it seems that he is telling you his side of the story with rather more detail than he would give us . '' 
 `` have you been eavesdropping ? '' 
 i asked and remembered that the door to grant 's room had been open a crack . 
 this detective must have had keen ears if he could overhear our conversation . 
 `` i 'm afraid i was , '' he admitted . 
 i was disgusted at learning of this breach of privacy . 
 he went on , `` i must apologize for the ruse , but my curiosity got the better of me . 
 i knew he would tell you things that he would never admit to me . 
 the lieutenant seems to be telling you his whole life story from the beginning . 
 what he had to say was rather interesting , but it still does n't prove anything yet . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` you 'll find that many of the boys who come here have to talk . 
 they have all of those memories and emotions from the front lines tied up inside . 
 they want to talk to someone , and with a shortage of good vicars , who has a better ear than a nurse ? '' 
 `` and a pretty one at that , '' he said blandly as if it was an obvious thing to say . 
 `` i would n't quite say that . '' 
 `` i can tell that lieutenant grant would agree with me . 
 he seems to have taken quite the interest in you . 
 i want you to keep on getting his story out of him since i 'm very interested in what he has to say . '' 
 `` you mean he may be innocent ? '' 
 i asked hopefully . 
 `` i did n't say anything of the sort , '' radford replied sternly . 
 he puckered his lips and blew through his mustache . 
 `` as i said , i 'm just curious . 
 the story he told us seemed so fantastic , i could scarcely believe my ears . 
 does lieutenant grant seem like a liar to you ? '' 
 `` no , '' i said truthfully . 
 he started pacing back and forth along the room and suddenly stopped in front of the curtains . 
 with a quick sweep of his hand he yanked them open and looked to the grounds below like he expected we were being observed . 
 i said nothing , but instead just watched him with amazement . 
 i could n't decide if the man was crazy or just seized with unbridled energy . 
 `` well , i do n't think he is a liar either , '' he finally said . 
 `` i 've met a few con men in my time , and grant just does n't seem the type . 
 i want to see justice done and hope that you will help me . '' 
 i said , `` i 'll do as you ask . '' 
 `` good . 
 i 'll try to stay out of the way as much as i can . 
 it would be good if we can meet here every night , so you can pass his story on to me as you remember it . 
 i will be doing some further investigation and will not always be available to personally listen to his words . 
 do you think you could remember clearly what he has told you ? '' 
 `` i will try . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 i stifled a sudden yawn and said , `` if you do n't need me anymore , sir , i think i will retire for the evening . '' 
 without replying , he suddenly reached out to grab my shoulder . 
 his grip was surprisingly strong . 
 `` just make sure you do n't tell anyone what you are doing on my behalf . 
 for now , this is just between you and me . '' 
 `` very good , major , '' i said and pulled away from him . 
 as i left the room i could feel his eyes on my back . 
 this had been an interesting day . 
 chapter 4 the past we arrived at liverpool in the morning . 
 it was with some regret that i left the hms adriatic . 
 i had grown to like the sea and the solitary feeling one gets hundreds of miles from land . 
 i said my goodbyes to the men i had worked with and agreed to come back to visit when i had the chance . 
 after i had washed off what grime i could and changed into my last good set of clothes , isaac led me down the crew 's gangplank . 
 `` it was good to meet you , '' i said and clapped him heartily on the shoulder . 
 `` the boys and i had a whip-around for you , '' he said shyly . 
 `` i thought you would need some traveling money to see you to london . '' 
 he dropped some loose change into my hands . 
 `` this should be enough to get you there . '' 
 i tried to refuse the money , but the old sailor pushed it back my hands . 
 with some resignation , i slipped the coins into my pockets and said , `` i 'll make sure to write and let you know how it works out . '' 
 `` i 've heard that the 61st regiment is recruiting , '' he said . 
 `` some new thing that the government thought of - it seems they are putting together a regiment of malcontents and beggars who were n't accepted elsewhere . 
 they might even take an american if they 're desperate enough . '' 
 `` i would hardly consider myself a malcontent . '' 
 `` it is just something to consider if some other regiment does n't take you on . 
 at my age , the only reason that i 've still been able to sail on the adriatic is because the shortage of men . 
 on the last voyage , a few of the older chaps decided they wanted to have a go at the hun and signed up . 
 these were old sailors who were turned down by other recruiting agents , but the 61st found a place for them with no questions asked . '' 
 `` well , i 'll look into it when i get to london , '' i said gratefully as i left . 
 i just assumed anyone would take a fit man like me , but only now did i consider the issue of my nationality . 
 perhaps they were n't desperate enough to take americans into the army yet . 
 there was only one way to find out . 
 following the directions i was given , i walked to the train station and bought a third class ticket . 
 i handed over the requested amount and received some change back . 
 i was n't quite sure if it was even the right amount , for the british currency is certainly archaic by any stretch of the imagination . 
 soon enough i was on the packed train , trundling towards london . 
 i spent the time looking out the window and thinking that the plan i had in chicago had grown more complicated than expected . 
 i 'd been planning for everything to turn out perfectly -- the trip over , arrival at a recruitment station , and getting a uniform on my back - all seemed so easy to me back then . 
 now my money was gone , and i was now left wondering if they would let an american join up . 
 i had little prospects if i was not accepted into the army . 
 well , there was nothing to do now but to give it a try . 
 the worse thing that could happen would be telegraphing my uncle and then waiting for some money to be wired to me . 
 i would certainly hate to go that route and , as frustrating as the change in my plans had been , i tried to remain hopeful for the future . 
 pushing those thoughts out of my head , i instead turned my attention to the landscape rushing by the train . 
 when one lives in america you forget how small the european countries are . 
 in the cities , people and houses were crammed ever so closely together . 
 it was some surprise that it was only going to be a few hours to get to london , much like travelling from chicago to detroit . 
 but still , outside liverpool , the rolling countryside was beautiful . 
 the small farms were busy and the green hedges and freshly dug field zipped by . 
 in my youthful fancy , i was proud with the idea of fighting for my mother 's home country . 
 here was a tiny country being attacked by the great powers of germany . 
 as the train stopped at various stations , it suddenly occurred to me that there was a shortage of men about . 
 oh sure , there were men -- but the majority of them were middle aged or older . 
 my own youth was drawing uncomfortable attention from the women sitting around me . 
 i realized that the great call for soldiers had been answered , but little did i guess on the impact on society . 
 my fellow passengers must have been kept busy guessing why i had n't joined up yet . 
 well , if they gave me the chance , i surely would . 
 after i had a light lunch from the passing trolley , the train arrived in london that afternoon . 
 i really had no clear idea where to go at this time , so i spent some of my remaining funds on an issue of the london times . 
 skimming past the front page news , i found a large ad with the local recruiting stations listed . 
 i took special notice of the royal fusiliers and the london rifle brigade . 
 i knew little of them , but the names piqued my interest . 
 after flagging down a fellow pedestrian , i was able to get directions to the nearest recruiter of note -- the royal fusiliers . 
 in a few minutes , i was standing in front of the brick recruiting building , feeling quite accomplished that i had made it this far on my wits alone . 
 however , as soon as i saw the officers inside , i was rejected as soon as i spoke . 
 they knew i was an american and did n't want to have anything to do with me . 
 an hour later , and i had made my way to see the london rifles . 
 the results were the same . 
 at this point i was feeling disheartened until i remembered isaac 's recommendation of the 61st regiment . 
 i dug out the newspaper and found their advertisement inside . 
 a few directions from a passerby , and i was on my way . 
 it was getting on in the day . 
 i needed to get in to see them before they closed . 
 i did n't have enough money left over to spend the night anywhere decent or even buy a good meal . 
 so i brushed off my wrinkled coat and walked into the tiny building only to find only one civilian waiting before a scarred oak table . 
 sitting on the other side was a man in army uniform with a pile of papers in front of him . 
 behind him were four desks with clerks toiling away at mountains of paperwork . 
 i could n't help but overhear the conversation he was having with the would-be soldier in front of me . 
 `` name ? '' 
 the uniformed clerk barked . 
 `` timothy cooper , '' the man mumbled in front of me . 
 he was shabbily dressed , very short , and played nervously with the dirty brown cap held in his hand . 
 `` age ? '' 
 `` twenty-two , sir '' . 
 `` occupation ? '' 
 `` street sweeper , '' cooper answered as if ashamed of his job . 
 `` any health problems ? '' 
 `` no , sir . '' 
 the clerk nodded and pointed to the table to the left . 
 `` go to the clerk over there and welcome to the army , private cooper . '' 
 the man shuffled away . 
 i steeled myself for failure since it was now my turn to stand before the desk . 
 i stood straight as the clerk looked me up and down . 
 i must have looked like a giant compared to the previous applicant . 
 standing closer to the clerk , i saw that he was older than i thought . 
 there were touches of white in his hair , and he had deep wrinkles about his mouth . 
 obviously not cut out for the battlefield , he had been shuttled back to handle recruiting . 
 i almost felt sorry for him . 
 `` name ? '' 
 he barked out in the same manner he had used on poor timothy cooper . 
 `` william samuel grant , '' i replied quickly and with as much confidence as i could muster . 
 instead of asking my age , he paused and looked up at me in surprise . 
 my midwestern accent must have thrown him off . 
 after a moment that set my heart racing , he asked , `` are you english ? '' 
 `` my mother is , '' i replied . 
 `` and where was she from ? '' 
 `` cambridge . 
 that 's where she married my father . '' 
 `` but were you born in england ? '' 
 he asked , watching me closely . 
 `` not exactly , '' i muttered . 
 i got a sinking feeling deep in my stomach . 
 there was a sudden commotion behind the clerk that caused him to quickly turn his head . 
 some type of officer walked in the room and everyone jumped up to attention . 
 this officer was followed by another man who stayed at his elbow . 
 the clerk i was with saluted . 
 `` once you 're done there , rogers , '' the man said , `` we can pack it in for the night . '' 
 `` very well , colonel , '' the clerk said and saluted again . 
 i noted that the british had an odd looking salute with an open palm , faced forward . 
 the colonel stood and watched me with interest as the clerk sat down and continued to query me . 
 `` now where were we ? 
 oh yes , your mother . 
 were you born in england or not ? '' 
 `` i 'm afraid i was born in america , '' i admitted . 
 `` does it really make a difference ? '' 
 i started to get that empty pit feeling in my stomach again . 
 that telegram to my uncle was beginning to look like a sure thing . 
 `` i 'm afraid it does . 
 unless you can prove otherwise , i 'm afraid we ca n't accept you into the regiment . '' 
 my face must have looked crestfallen , for the clerk said with pity , `` i 'm really sorry . '' 
 the colonel strode up . 
 he was a short , balding man who had a neatly trimmed set of whiskers and an immaculate uniform . 
 he eyed me up and down for a moment before he finally asked , `` you say you 're from america ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i answered . 
 `` how did you get here ? '' 
 i told him the short version of my travels to england and i was often interrupted by him saying , `` extraordinary '' or `` i say . '' 
 on the other hand , the other officer standing next to him merely scowled . 
 `` i must say that this is all very interesting , '' the colonel finally said when i had finished . 
 he began stroking his mustache as if he was deep in thought . 
 his toady follower whispered something in his ear , but he waved him away . 
 `` you said you came all the way over here to fight the hun ? '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' i answered again . 
 he spoke to the man next to him , `` you know , captain , i have an idea for this young gentleman here . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 the captain asked stiffly as if he really did n't care to hear any idea that the colonel offered . 
 he was a skinny runt , with a shock of brown hair covering one eye . 
 but his uniform was neatly pressed , and he looked as if he was working hard at being respected . 
 `` perhaps we should let this man join up with us , '' the colonel said . 
 `` why , sir ? '' 
 his companion asked coldly . 
 `` think of the news stories , my man . 
 young man leaves the safety of america to fight against the evil of the advancing german army . 
 it would be a good bit of propaganda and get some other recruits over here to join our regiment . 
 i mean what could be a better reason than that ? '' 
 my heart began to swell as i heard the colonel say those words . 
 this man here was willing to give me a chance . 
 those thoughts were dashed as the captain spoke . 
 `` i ca n't recommend it , sir . 
 think of the bad press the americans would generate if he was to be killed . '' 
 he paused and then added acidly , '' and i hardly think one man in one regiment will open a floodgate of recruits to the 61st . '' 
 the colonel looked deep in thought and then asked me , `` tell me , you look fairly well - off . 
 what was your occupation in america ? '' 
 `` i was a mechanical engineer for a firm in chicago where we made train parts . '' 
 `` so you are an educated man . 
 well , that does make a difference . 
 i 'm short of officers at the moment , and i need intelligent men to lead my troops in the face of the enemy . '' 
 `` an officer ? '' 
 the captain asked incredulously . 
 `` what will the other officers think if this american here is given a commission ? 
 it 's hardly fair to them . '' 
 he looked at me and asked , `` do you have any military training at all ? '' 
 `` i 'm afraid not , '' i admitted . 
 `` i however am a good shot with the rifle and i 've done a bit of boxing in my time . '' 
 `` he does look rather fit , '' the colonel said . 
 `` he 's just the type of man who can look after himself in a scrap . 
 i think we should give him a commission and send him off to officer 's school . '' 
 his companion merely shrugged and said , `` if you say so , sir , but i do think it is a mistake . '' 
 his face red with anger , the colonel said , `` yes , i do say so . 
 i do n't mind hearing your opinion , even if i did n't ask for it . 
 you 're my secretary and do n't you forget it . '' 
 he then turned to me and said , `` by the way , i 'm afraid i did n't catch your name . '' 
 `` william , '' i grinned . 
 `` william grant . '' 
 i felt happy as i could possibly be . 
 me , an officer ? 
 i could hardly believe it . 
 i had expected to be an enlisted man , but now i was going to lead troops into battle . 
 `` mr. grant , welcome to the 1st division of the 61st battalion . 
 i 'm colonel smythe , your commanding officer as of now . 
 i must say you are lucky that i came back here to check on the status of our recruiting efforts , otherwise no one else may have taken you . 
 it 's a pleasure to have you with us . '' 
 he reached out his hand , a warm smile spreading across his face . 
 i gratefully pumped his hand and said , `` i promise i wo n't let you down , sir . '' 
 `` i shall hope not . 
 just report here in the morning and we 'll get you all sorted out . 
 it will take a bit of paperwork , but i think i can get you into the wrexham with some of the other newly commissioned officers . '' 
 i had no idea where that was but i asked , `` if it is possible , i am in need of a place to sleep for the night . 
 as i told you , my money was stolen when i was in new york . 
 i 'm afraid i 'm practically penniless . '' 
 smythe said , `` captain wodenhill , see that he has a place to stay . 
 i 'll cover his costs until we can get him sent him off for his training . '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' wodenhill replied woodenly . 
 `` thank you , sir , '' i added gratefully . 
 wodenhill then took me outside and quickly hailed a taxi . 
 he handed me a few pound notes and then stuffed me inside the cab . 
 `` cabbie , take him to the strand hotel . '' 
 after paying the cabbie , he then turned to me and said through the window , `` remember , we shall expect to see you here in the morning . '' 
 `` do n't worry , captain , i will be here . '' 
 he merely stared at me as the cab drew away . 
 this wodenhill character certainly was n't a likable fellow , but any thought of him faded away as i thought of my unexpected triumph . 
 i was going to be an officer . 
 that colonel seemed like a fine soldier indeed . 
 for him to offer me this chance was simply amazing . 
 i arrived at the hotel , took my room , and had all of my clothes sent off to be cleaned . 
 in the meanwhile , i took a hot bath , ordered room service and thoroughly enjoyed the sensation of finally being alone . 
 a week out to sea certainly had offered little in that regard . 
 i went to bed early . 
 i was keyed up enough that it took me quite a long time to fall asleep . 
 tomorrow was going to be the beginning of a new life . 
 i woke up that morning with the bellhop knocking at my door . 
 he had my newly cleaned and pressed suit , so i quickly dressed and went down to pay for my room . 
 after that , i caught a cab and was brought to the recruiting station where captain wodenhill was waiting for me . 
 mind you , he looked none too pleased to see me . 
 perhaps he had expected me to be a common criminal and take the money without coming back . 
 he snarled , `` i 'm afraid the colonel is indisposed at the moment . 
 he is rather a busy at this time and is too important of a man to take care of you like a wet-nurse . 
 i 'll also add that you are extremely lucky that he saw you yesterday and has taken such an interest in your plight . '' 
 `` yes , i am lucky , '' i agreed . 
 `` colonel smythe went against my wishes on this matter , but still , he is the commanding officer . 
 he also agreed to pay for your uniform and initial mess fees until you receive your first pay . 
 personally , i do n't think you will make a good officer , '' he said bluntly . 
 i could only give him an icy smile as i said , `` i think you will be proven wrong , captain . '' 
 `` i certainly hope so , '' he said haughtily . 
 we went in , and i signed a mountain of paperwork . 
 i was given a letter of introduction , and before i knew it , i was off to the train station to make my journey to wrexham . 
 traveling on smythe 's expense , i was , of course , booked third class . 
 perhaps the less i speak of my time at wrexham , the better . 
 the instructors were crass and did n't care much for the new recruits coming into their school . 
 they were used to the proper public-school gentleman and did n't care for these clerks , tradesmen and bankers becoming officers in kitchener 's so-called ` new army ' . 
 as an american , i was treated with even more scorn than usual , and on countless times i was used as an example of being a poor officer . 
 it seemed unfair , but i had the good sense of keeping my mouth shut since i did not want to prove captain wodenhill right in any regard . 
 i wanted to give in to my temper more than a few times , so i suppose i should have been grateful to him for giving me something to live up to . 
 i will admit i knew nothing of soldiering and initially found the whole thing rather confusing . 
 i often saluted the wrong people , found the heavy wool uniform tiresome to march in , and asked far too many questions to the instructors . 
 but i was good at marksmanship , and i was in better shape than the others there . 
 i could march for hours without rest and hustled through the courses faster than anyone else . 
 one would think the staff would have preferred to throw me out of that school , but as i kept on , i detected the not so subtle hand of colonel smythe in the background . 
 the london times even ran a story about me , and it was widely read at wrexham . 
 i was treated with a little more respect after that article , but at the same time i also started to excel in my classes . 
 we learned all sorts of things that were worthless to the civilian -- marching , military law , bugle calls , signals , and infantry tactics that would ultimately prove to be useless in the trenches . 
 but nonetheless , instead of being used as the poor class example , i began to thrive in this new foreign career . 
 thankfully , it was all over soon enough . 
 afterward , i was given the rank of second lieutenant . 
 i was to command a company over in france and was ordered to join them on the front lines . 
 the ship we took over was called hms fortitude , and it had little to do with its given name . 
 the ship was a rusting hulk and was crammed to the gills with troops and war material . 
 there was a constant lookout for submarines , and so we were escorted by several destroyers of dubious age . 
 i was more worried about the state of the ship than any submarine , for it creaked unceasingly as we passed over the choppy waves of the english channel . 
 we landed without incident at a small port and i was quickly ordered onto a third-class rail carriage with some other officers . 
 it was better than the common soldier , who was forced into cramped forty-and-eight boxcars -- good for forty men or eight horses . 
 i felt sorry for them , but they accepted their condition without complaint -- or at least as far as i could tell . 
 at that time , i still had plenty to learn about what makes a soldier tick . 
 the train started to chug along and i watched the french landscape with wondering eyes . 
 it was june now , and it had turned out to be a beautiful summer . 
 i could see the peasants working the fields of the ancient farms , looking as if they did n't have a care in the world . 
 it looked quite peaceful . 
 i wondered how it could be that thousands were dying just a few miles away . 
 `` you 're the american , '' a lieutenant across from me said . 
 he looked rather young , and his foot was busy tapping the floor in a nervous manner . 
 `` yes , '' i said cautiously . 
 `` i hate to interrupt , but i wanted your opinion on something . 
 my name is david . 
 i read that article about you in the times . 
 i just wanted to shake your hand and thank you for coming over . '' 
 he reached over and we shook hands . 
 `` my name is william . 
 i 'm just glad to help out , '' i said . 
 he pursed his lips and asked quietly , `` tell me , are you afraid of doing this ? '' 
 i 've often noticed that complete strangers will open up to each other in ways that even family or friends never do . 
 `` doing what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he hesitated a moment before continuing . 
 `` you see , my brother robert came home some five months ago . 
 he 's a lieutenant with the 1st hertfordshire . 
 it took some time , but i managed to coax out of him what was really happening out in the trenches . 
 you know the sort of things that the censors wo n't let anyone write in a letter or publish in the papers . '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 i asked , filled with interest . 
 `` i ca n't describe it well , but it sounds bloody awful . 
 how the shells come screaming down from nowhere , and how bad the conditions really are . 
 he told me about the high casualty numbers and the awful food . '' 
 he looked about , as if he was afraid of being overheard . 
 `` i went through officer school hoping i would n't be on the front lines . 
 but it turns out i 'm headed towards a bad sector . 
 i do n't know what to do . '' 
 `` i 'm afraid i ca n't offer you much advice . '' 
 he lapsed into silence and turned to watch the landscape . 
 the reflection on the window showed a grim , frightened face . 
 i began to wonder what kind of trouble i had gotten myself into . 
 the towns we passed through were beautiful , and when we stopped to coal the train , the cars were mobbed by the villagers . 
 they sold tea , coffee and pastries to us through the open windows . 
 many of the townspeople spoke atrocious english , if at all . 
 i could hear the soldiers in the cars whistling and cat-calling at the prettier girls . 
 what else can you expect from a soldier ? 
 `` bloody fools , '' david said to no one in particular . 
 `` they 're just soldiers , '' i said . 
 `` they 're all going to be dead , '' he said darkly and went back to his own thoughts . 
 he did not say anything further , and i was glad when he kept his mouth shut . 
 i did n't need his gloominess intruding on my thoughts , so i moved to another seat across the way . 
 after sleeping through the most of night uncomfortably on the hard bench , the train steamed into the village of deveaux . 
 the town was near the valley of the river somme . 
 checking my watch , i saw it was nearly four in the morning . 
 after saying a hearty farewell to david , i was dropped off with a handful of other soldiers and we watched as the train pulled away . 
 i saw david staring at me through his window , his sad eyes staring at me . 
 i never heard of him again , and i still wonder how he made out . 
 after the train was gone , i was suddenly conscious of rumbling thunder in the distance . 
 i looked in the direction of the sound and saw flashes off in the horizon . 
 i thought it was odd since we had n't seen a cloud all day . 
 `` it is artillery , sir , '' a gruff voice said at my elbow . 
 i turned , and in the dim light of the station lamps , saw a man of medium height with three bars on his sleeve . 
 that would make him a sergeant - one with a shabby uniform and mud-splattered boots . 
 he gave me a sloppy salute and said , `` sergeant owens , sir . 
 i was ordered to take you lot to the battalion headquarters to be sorted out with the other men . '' 
 `` how do you know you have the right man ? '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` that 's easy enough , sir , you 're the only lieutenant here . '' 
 `` true enough , sergeant , i 'm lieutenant grant . '' 
 `` very good , sir . '' 
 he suppressed a quick grin . 
 `` i 'm with your company , and i was told to look after you while you are here . '' 
 `` i see , '' i said . 
 i certainly was n't used to having anyone look after me . 
 `` is there any reason why they have decided to give you that task ? '' 
 `` just normal procedure , sir - too many officers getting killed right away . 
 there 's a right shortage of them right now , so they 're all very precious to the colonel . '' 
 now it was my turn to smile . 
 i shrugged and asked , `` how far away do we have to go ? '' 
 `` nine kilometers , sir . '' 
 i did the conversion to miles in my head and said , `` that 's an awfully long way to walk from here . '' 
 `` well , sir , the hun 's artillery can strike pretty deep into our territory . 
 i 'm thinking they want to keep this rail line open . 
 it is our only link with the outside world . '' 
 `` i can see i have a lot to learn , sergeant . 
 i suggest you get these soldiers together and lead the way . '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' he replied without haste . 
 he barked out a few commands and the men quickly got sorted out in marching order . 
 they did look a bit nervous as they picked up their packs and stepped in line behind owens . 
 i carried my own heavy pack , walking with him and listening to him prattle on . 
 `` this is a pretty quiet sector , sir . 
 the germans do n't bother us too much . 
 you just have to make sure you keep your head down when you 're in the trenches . 
 lots of artillery and shrapnel about , so be careful there . 
 of course the errant whiz-bang can come along and take you out in a flash . 
 but most of their shells go too far over or else they 're busy trading fire with our own artillery batteries . '' 
 i nodded if i understood what he was talking about . 
 in the distance , i could see that we were approaching the dark shadows of buildings . 
 they looked deserted since i did not see a single light shining from the windows . 
 `` is that the village of deveaux ? '' 
 i ventured . 
 `` yes , sir , '' owens replied . 
 `` but where are all the people ? '' 
 `` most of them are gone , sir , but some still remain living in what remains . 
 the germans had possession of this town , and then we captured it a few months ago . 
 we used to be up there on that ridge . '' 
 he pointed vaguely in the dark behind us . 
 `` we shelled them out of the town and took it for ourselves . 
 i guess the frenchies do n't care to be around in case the huns take it over again . 
 there will be plenty of time to look it over since we 're billeted there when we 're not on the front . 
 a few shells come this way , but it 's mostly safe . '' 
 he stopped talking as the sound of artillery grew louder . 
 the guns were our own , and they were firing salvos towards the east . 
 the flash of the muzzles was becoming blinding . 
 i suddenly felt sick to my stomach with nerves . 
 we trudged on . 
 after a bit of marching , we passed the village , and came to the first line of artillery guns . 
 they were pointed at the sky and really going at it . 
 the gunners were busy loading and firing , hunched over the great metal monsters that belched out smoke and noise . 
 the ground shook underneath our feet . 
 the sergeant tugged on my sleeve and then pushed me hard down to the ground . 
 a salvo from what i presumed was from the german side , struck not thirty yards away . 
 the sound was deafening . 
 i felt the ground shake as dirt was thrown high into the air . 
 there was a curious whistling in the air , and i heard a man behind us give a sudden shriek . 
 it was piece of shrapnel that must have gone by me and into one of the soldiers . 
 `` german coal boxes , sir . '' 
 owens grunted . 
 `` you 'll get used to the sound of the five-nine shells . '' 
 he went over to the wounded man to make sure he did not require medical care . 
 the man just had a small wound in his arm . 
 he said nervously , `` i 'll be alright , sir . 
 i was n't expecting to get hurt without shooting a hun first . '' 
 the rest of the men laughed at this , and at my urging we moved at a quick double-time march . 
 the next salvo of what the sergeant had called five-nines , landed eighty yards behind us in a crash . 
 except for owens , we all reflexively threw ourselves to the ground . 
 he remained standing and helped me up . 
 `` do n't worry , sir , soon enough you 'll get to know where the shells are dropping by the sound . 
 it does n't take that much practice to know the difference . '' 
 my knees were shaking , and i could barely stand as the adrenaline left my body in a sickening wave . 
 `` is it always like this ? '' 
 i asked him as calmly as i could . 
 in the pale morning light , i could see a hint of a smile . 
 `` no , sir , some nights are even worse . '' 
 `` i ca n't imagine , '' i admitted . 
 owens dropped into a lower voice and said , `` do n't worry , you 'll get through this just fine . 
 just use your wits and be careful . 
 i 've heard you americans are clever with this sort of thing . '' 
 `` how did you know that i 'm from the states ? '' 
 `` to be honest , i 've never met a yank before . 
 but your accent is a dead giveaway , sir . 
 and the fact i was ordered to look for an american officer named grant at the station . '' 
 `` so colonel smythe told everyone of my coming ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 and i can tell you it caused some stir among the men . 
 they 're not sure what to expect from you . 
 but you seem like an alright chap . '' 
 `` thank you , sergeant , '' was all i could say . 
 `` i can assure you that i 'm here to do the best job i can . '' 
 `` you just worry about staying alive right now , '' he said . 
 `` then you can worry about the heroics later . '' 
 we stepped off the main road and began following a rut leading off into the weeds . 
 if it was n't for the booming of the guns in the distance , we could be out on a boy scout outing . 
 the sun was just beginning to peek out from the eastern horizon . 
 i looked behind me and saw the men straggling behind . 
 they had a worn , shocked look on their faces , and i assumed i must look the same way . 
 this was n't quite the introduction to war that i expected . 
 as the dawn light grew , in the distance i saw a ragged scar across the landscape . 
 this was the front line -- part of the battle line that stretched across europe and divided france into two . 
 i stood on my tip-toes to look at the cratered surface . 
 some three hundred yards away , i saw this line as nothing but churned up dirt and mud . 
 owens pulled down on my sleeve and said , `` beg my pardon , sir , but you have to be careful how high you put your head , or you might get a bit of a haircut . 
 though the huns are far away , bullets can still find their way - even here . 
 best you keep your head down until i get you safely into the reserve trench . 
 if you had looked quickly enough , you would have seen our front lines behind the first bunch of barbed wire . 
 if that front line is broken , then we have the reserve lines as a place to fall back to . '' 
 `` heads down everyone , '' i snapped to the men behind me . 
 they nodded and walked in the funny pose that was soon to be familiar to me . 
 it was the hunkered look of a wary man afraid his head was about to be shot off . 
 we entered the trenches . 
 it was amazing there were any trees or wooden buildings left in france -- it seemed as though they 'd all been used to make the walls . 
 my engineer-trained eyes roamed over the construction . 
 some of the walls were built well with planks sawn from wide tree trunks , while other sections looked hastily constructed with twigs and small branches not much bigger than my thumb . 
 i wondered how much time i 'd be spending fixing these walls . 
 `` tell me , owens , '' i said as we dropped down into a trench running away at ninety degrees from the reserve trench , `` what did you do for a living before you came here ? '' 
 he very nearly blushed and said , `` i was what you call a hunter , sir . 
 of course the magistrate did n't quite see it that way . 
 he called it poaching and gave me a choice -- prison or joining up . 
 well , i 'm a fair shot so i thought why not ? 
 but to be honest , prison might have been a better choice . '' 
 `` a poacher , eh ? 
 well , a good shot will come in handy in this business , sergeant . 
 i 've done a bit of hunting myself , though i think i would prefer my winchester right about now . 
 maybe we can get some hunting in someday . 
 `` `` as you say , sir . '' 
 the trench wall here was nothing but packed dirt , held in place by weather-stained wooden slats . 
 a layer of sandbags ran along the top . 
 the muddy bottom was wet , but our feet were kept dry by a wooden duckboard that ran the length of all the trenches . 
 underneath , i could hear the scurrying of what i assumed were rats or mice . 
 we passed some tired-looking soldiers who were even dirtier than owens . 
 they looked at us with some interest , for what reason i could only guess . 
 perhaps because we were still clean , or they wanted to check out the new cannon fodder . 
 well , new men get rough treatment the world over . 
 only when you earn the veterans ' trust will they accept you . 
 a crack rang over our head . 
 i looked around in surprise , wondering what new terror was about to strike . 
 `` bullet , sir , '' owens replied calmly and went on guiding us forward . 
 `` are the germans shooting at us ? '' 
 `` they ca n't see us back here even at this time of the day , but bullets often come this way . 
 plenty of head injuries to go about . 
 during the day , we both mark out places to shoot at during the night . 
 sometimes they get lucky and kill someone . '' 
 i grunted in answer . 
 it was one thing to be shelled and another thing to be shot at . 
 bullets seemed that much more personal than the seemingly random fall of a shell . 
 ahead of us was a squat dugout buried at level to the trench walls . 
 on top it was covered with a layer of sandbags and a wan light came out of the doorway bottom . 
 `` here we are , '' owens said . 
 `` colonel smythe should be breakfasting at headquarters by now . '' 
 `` thank you , sergeant , '' i said . 
 `` you will see that the men make it to their appropriate companies ? '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' he said and gave me a smart-looking salute this time . 
 but before leaving , i saw him hesitate . 
 `` i know it is n't my place to tell you how to do your job . '' 
 `` go ahead , owens . 
 i 'm new here and will take any advice that i can . '' 
 `` it 's like this , sir . 
 the boys do n't like it when the officers are too friendly with them . 
 i can see that you are a rather friendly chap yourself . 
 perhaps you may want to stay a bit above the enlisted men and act like a proper officer . 
 they like the father-like figure more than anything else . 
 do n't get me wrong , sir , us welsh will do anything you ask of us , if you 're willing to pitch in and help . '' 
 `` thank you for your words of advice . 
 i will keep it in mind . '' 
 `` very well , sir . 
 i look forward to working under your command . 
 i will be seeing you soon enough . '' 
 i gave him a salute and sent him on his way . 
 i did n't know what to make of this business . 
 sergeant owens seemed like a right fellow , so i thought it best if i heeded his advice until i grew accustomed to my new surroundings . 
 entering the dugout , i was surprised to see a linen-covered table with the scraps of breakfast resting on fine china . 
 by the newspaper accounts one expected rats and mud , not a breakfast table . 
 off to the side , an electric light stood , along with a low desk with papers scattered about . 
 captain wodenhill was sitting there , and he looked at me grimly . 
 smythe was in his shirttails and was busy shaving in front of a mirror . 
 he caught me out of the corner of his eye and turned as i came in . 
 shaving cream was still stuck to his jaw . 
 `` lieutenant grant reporting for duty , sir , '' i snapped and saluted as well as i could . 
 i was proud to have made it through officer training and wanted to impress the colonel . 
 `` yes . 
 very good , lieutenant . '' 
 his face was friendly enough but his eyes were ringed with exhaustion . 
 `` sit down for a moment , grant , and i 'll fill you in on what we are doing here . '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' i said and sat at the desk across from wodenhill who read the papers in front of him . 
 he was doing his best to ignore me . 
 smythe faced the mirror again and continued shaving . 
 as he slid the razor down his chin , he said , `` it 's good to have you here . 
 i was told you did rather well at wrexham . 
 we 're still rather short of officers , and i need all the help i can get . 
 we will soon be part of some upcoming attacks , and you 're the kind of officer the men need . '' 
 `` anything i can do to help , '' i said . 
 `` any chance more of you yanks will be coming over to help ? '' 
 he asked as he washed the remaining shaving cream off of his face . 
 `` it 's only a matter of time , '' i assured him . 
 `` i should hope so , '' he said . 
 pulling his jacket off of a chair , he began putting it on . 
 `` what did you think of that sergeant owens ? '' 
 `` he seems like a good man , sir , '' i replied honestly . 
 `` well , he 's a bit of a scoundrel , but he 's the best damn shot in the regiment . 
 hard to keep a man like that down , eh ? 
 i told him to look after you while you had a chance to learn the ropes . 
 i 'm putting you into b company . 
 you will be reporting to captain meadowes . 
 he 's a good enough officer if not a little zealous . '' 
 `` good , sir . '' 
 he frowned at me and said , `` i do n't want you to do anything foolish , so make sure you listen closely to meadowes . 
 the germans are a crafty lot and have a few tricks up their sleeves . 
 if you do as ordered , you will have chance to get out of this war alive . '' 
 `` i shall do my best , '' i said . 
 `` give me one more moment here , and i will find my servant reese to bring you to your company . '' 
 chapter 5 the past smythe 's servant was a big corporal named reese . 
 he was a short man , but his size did nothing to hide his strength . 
 he was bullnecked and had long gorilla-like arms that hung loosely on his sides . 
 his face was craggy , and his lids hung over his eyes like slits . 
 as we walked along the communication trench , he showed little consideration for my rank -- perhaps he had a dislike for americans . 
 or perhaps he 'd taken airs as a result of being in the service of the colonel . 
 who knew ? 
 i just did my best to keep up with him . 
 while we crossed over the various hazards of the trench , he warned , `` telephone line low '' or `` watch your step . '' 
 he left me at the b company hq , and i was glad to be rid of him . 
 the headquarters itself was a low , log structure built deeply into the side of the trench wall . 
 after pausing for a moment to gather my thoughts , i straightened my cap and pushed aside the black curtain covering the entrance . 
 around a wooden table , four men were sitting and talking over cups of tea . 
 as they turned to face me , i took in the new surroundings . 
 the room was small with greasy oil lamps lighting the dark interior . 
 the floor was caked with mud with heavy boot prints . 
 through a short passageway , i could see into a smaller room where a line of four cots were shoved together . 
 `` you must be grant , '' the captain said to me . 
 `` i 'm meadowes . '' 
 he got up to shake my hand . 
 he was a tall man , with a stern face and a neatly trimmed moustache . 
 his black hair was tinged with grey . 
 the eyes were circles of exhaustion which seemed to be the case for everyone else here . 
 `` glad to meet you , '' i replied . 
 he pointed to the other men at the table and said , `` these three gentlemen are lyons , carter , and prentice . 
 you will be working with them closely , so you will get to know them well . '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' i replied with a salute . 
 out of the corner of my eye i could see the three other lieutenants frown . 
 with a shake of his head , meadowes said , `` i have to tell you that discipline is a little more lax here in the trenches . 
 while you 're here , forget everything you learned at officer school . 
 when addressing fellow officers , you can use their names . 
 save the spit n ' polish for the parade grounds . '' 
 i nodded , already feeling out of place . 
 `` you already met your sergeant owens at the train station , '' meadowes went on . 
 `` he was looking after your platoon until you came along . 
 you 're replacing lieutenant billings who was killed here last month . 
 i 'm afraid that is fairly common around here . '' 
 `` i shall do my best to stay alive , '' i said . 
 he put his arm on my shoulder and led me to the table . 
 `` have a seat and i 'll make the introductions . '' 
 i took one of the chairs and sat down . 
 it was an old rickety thing and felt as if it was going to give way under my weight . 
 meadows remained standing . 
 he said , `` this here is lyons . '' 
 lyons was a strong-looking chap with light hair , the pale british skin that was so common , and an open honest face . 
 he beamed at me and said , `` good to meet you . '' 
 `` and this here is lieutenant carter , '' the captain said . 
 carter was a fine-looking gent with youthful features . 
 he could n't have been more than eighteen years . 
 his voice squeaked out , `` hello , grant . '' 
 we shook hands and his grip was weak . 
 he certainly was n't the type to inspire confidence . 
 `` and finally prentice , '' meadowes added . 
 the remaining lieutenant nodded in my direction . 
 he had dark , slicked-back hair and an aristocratic sneer . 
 he would have made an excellent villain for any play or movie . 
 with a dismissive nod in my direction , he lit a cigarette . 
 `` do n't mind old prentice , '' lyons added . 
 `` he does n't talk to anyone unless they are royalty or rich enough to buy themselves into royalty . '' 
 prentice snorted and carter watched the two with a grin . 
 lyons laughed , `` funny thing is i 'm the second son of a duke while prentice here comes from the merchant class . 
 it all sounds rather common to me . '' 
 prentice 's face turned a deep red , and he inhaled his cigarette vigorously . 
 `` i would have you know that my father is rather wealthy and could buy your whole postage stamp-sized estate without even breaking a sweat . '' 
 `` i 'm sure he could , '' lyons laughed . 
 i noticed carter was quick to join him . 
 `` settle down boys , '' the captain interrupted sharply . 
 lyons smiled . 
 `` you know as well as i do , captain , that is an old argument . 
 this is the most awfully boring job at times , but we should n't make a bad impression on our new lieutenant here . 
 how about you , grant ? 
 any skeletons in the closet you want to tell us about ? 
 around here , we 're always interested in hearing something new . '' 
 `` there 's really not much to say , '' i admitted . 
 `` i used to work in chicago . 
 i have a degree in engineering , but it hardly made me any money . '' 
 `` no rich father ? '' 
 lyons asked . 
 the ever-present sound of falling shells suddenly grew louder , and to my ears , seemed to come closer to our dugout with every passing second . 
 the other men did n't appear to notice , so i went on and replied , `` i 'm afraid my father left me nothing . 
 he died a few years ago and left us penniless . 
 my uncle took mother in and sent me off to school . '' 
 `` ah , the rich uncle , '' lyons said to no one in particular . 
 `` well , i for one am glad that you 're here , '' meadowes said . 
 he took off his cap and brushed his thinning hair back . 
 `` this may be considered a quiet zone by some , but the germans still keep us busy . 
 as i said , you 're a replacement for lieutenant billings , who got the top of his skull removed by a sniper . 
 i do n't want the same to happen to you , so listen to lyons and prentice here . 
 they 're both experienced men . '' 
 `` i will , '' i said . 
 what other choice did i have ? 
 now the impact of the exploding shells was maddeningly loud , and we had to shout to be heard . 
 `` i can help too , '' carter added over the din . 
 lyons punched the young man in shoulder here and shouted , `` carter here is our newest lad . 
 just been here three months , so do n't listen to anything he has to say . '' 
 the lad shot him a dirty look . 
 the shells had passed over us , but still continued to fall unceasingly . 
 but now they were just muffled sounds in the distance . 
 meadowes said , `` also make sure you learn what you can from your sergeant owens . 
 he can show you the ropes better than any other . '' 
 `` he seems like a fine man , '' i said truthfully . 
 `` but i do n't want to be treated any differently than anyone else . 
 i 'll take the risks like any other officer here . '' 
 `` you have the right spirit , grant . 
 do n't worry , i will have use for you here no matter what colonel smythe may have ordered me to do . 
 there are soldiers to be led and things to be done . '' 
 i nodded . 
 since the short time i had met him i was beginning to like this captain meadowes . 
 he had a straight forward manner and seemed to act like quite the professional . 
 he said to everyone , `` prentice and carter , i suggest you go about your duties for the morning shift . 
 i have to go meet with smythe at headquarters and wo n't be back until two . 
 lyons here will show our new lieutenant around and inform him of his duties . 
 for now , i 've decided to put them on the night watch , so they had better get some sleep . '' 
 prentice nodded and left with carter in tow . 
 the captain poured himself another cup of tea before leaving the dugout . 
 lyons nodded at me and stood up . 
 he had an athletic build , and he had to lean forward in order not to crack his head on the low ceiling . 
 `` well , grant , i 'm surprised . '' 
 `` surprised by what ? '' 
 `` talk is that the americans are too cowardly to fight the boche . 
 i 'm glad to see that it is just talk . '' 
 `` i 'm not sure about my countrymen , but i was willing to come over and lend a hand . '' 
 lyons shook his head . 
 he said , `` you may be changing your mind sooner rather than later . 
 let me show you the trenches and a thing or two to keep you alive . '' 
 we walked out of the dugout . 
 i followed this veteran 's example as he walked towards the front line in a crouched position . 
 we went over the squeaky duckboards , passing a group of soldiers who smiled readily at lyons . 
 he gave the men a hearty wave . 
 we soon stopped when we came to the end of the communication trench . 
 we were right on the front . 
 the front lines were dug deeply , with wooden slats on the bottom and wooden supports on the sides to hold the sodden dirt back . 
 taken from a nook , the lieutenant handed me a periscope that was bent at ninety-degrees and was designed to look over the side of the parapet . 
 i gingerly edged it over the side . 
 across the desolate landscape , i could just make out the german line in the distance . 
 it looked much like ours , with stacked sandbags and wooden posts . 
 smoke from the cooking breakfast slowly curled up into the sky . 
 like ours , rolls of barbed wire lay in front of the line . 
 to my eyes , the defenses looked quite impenetrable . 
 i shifted the periscope and took a closer look at the land between the two lines . 
 this was no man 's land . 
 it was a scarred jumble of stumps , shell holes and what looked to be piles of rags . 
 a closer look revealed that they were rotting bodies . 
 the ground itself had been churned up by countless shells and had turned into brown mud . 
 a few scraggly weeds poked through the dirt . 
 i thought the whole thing was the most disturbing sight i had ever seen , and it was n't at all what i expected from the newspaper accounts . 
 not a single movement could be seen , except for the buzzing of the countless flies . 
 `` what about those men out there ? '' 
 i asked lyons . 
 `` what men ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i mean , their bodies are there ... '' my thoughts trailed off , and i gestured toward no man 's land . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i 'd like to get all of them out of there , '' he said , and looked away . 
 `` but we ca n't get to all of them . '' 
 `` but how did they get out there ? '' 
 `` some are germans , and some are ours . 
 they were killed while out on night patrol . 
 it 's dangerous out there which is something you will learn soon enough . '' 
 a bullet cracked over my head and made me jump . 
 i nearly dropped the periscope in surprise . 
 lyons smiled and said , `` the germans know we 're here now . 
 best move along before they call in some artillery and drop some whiz-bangs in our direction . '' 
 we began walking back along the communication trench . 
 `` have you killed any huns yet ? '' 
 i ventured to ask . 
 he nodded . 
 `` i 've been in this war for quite a while . '' 
 he laughed and went on , `` they say i 'm blessed with nine lives , but let me tell you it has been sheer luck that i 'm still here . 
 i 'll warn you that this may be called a quiet sector , but we see our own bit of trouble every night . 
 we dig further in , fill hundreds of sandbags and go out on patrol to see what they are up to . 
 fritz does the same thing . 
 sometimes we meet , and that can be a spot of trouble . 
 `` when we first dug in here at deveaux , no one expected the war would last so long . 
 we had no idea we would be living inside the trenches day after day . 
 we 've been learning as we go along . 
 the french and german trenches are much better than ours , but the british army can still hold a defensive position like no one else . '' 
 he offered me a cigarette which i took gratefully . 
 i never smoked that much before , but after these sights , i thought it was a good time to start upping my intake . 
 lyons said , `` tonight i 'll give you the guided tour . 
 i suggest we go back and get some sleep until then . 
 we 're billeted in an old house in the village . 
 the family left a long time ago , so it 's a bit of a mess right now . '' 
 that night , while we took our nightly shift , lyons took me under his wing . 
 i also met the company that would be under my command and learned their names as well as i could . 
 they were mostly welshmen , but we had a mixed lot of new recruits . 
 our regiment was receiving replacements from kitchener 's ` new army ' . 
 they were a good group of men -- dedicated even in these bleak circumstances . 
 perhaps it was the daily ration of rum since the men were always singing old songs and cracking jokes about the strangest of things . 
 i found that living in the trenches requires some sense of humor just to survive . 
 after we had made our rounds that night , lyons warned me about one of the soldiers . 
 he said , `` keep an eye on corporal childs there . 
 he 's a bit of a shirker . '' 
 and the lieutenant was right in that regard . 
 as the nights went on , i saw that john childs never seemed to lift a finger to help out . 
 some other man always did his work . 
 some childhood illness had scarred his face and his dark eyes had nothing but hatred for officers . 
 `` then why keep him a corporal ? '' 
 i had finally asked lyons . 
 he shrugged and said , `` well , he 's right popular with the men since he gets them the little things that they need . 
 and his little cronies make sure he does n't work . 
 personally , i think he is a bit of a bully , but he does have certain useful contacts with the black market . '' 
 `` black market ? '' 
 i asked in surprise . 
 `` sure , there will always be a need for the things the army ca n't supply us . 
 we are always short of goods up here in the trenches . 
 childs has a way of getting us the things we need . 
 that helps morale . 
 if you ever are short of good cigarettes , just ask old john , and he 'll set you up . '' 
 `` i would n't mind getting some lucky strikes , '' i admitted . 
 `` that may not be that big of a problem . 
 he could probably get you a pack of german bulgaren-helds if you asked him . '' 
 as the days passed , lyons taught me art of living in the trenches . 
 that consisted of learning to build the different layers of trenches , the burying of telephone wire and building duckboards to keep our feet dry . 
 mud was a constant problem - it was unsanitary , not just dirty , and made it easier for trench foot to spread . 
 this kept us busy devising new ways of draining water out of the trenches . 
 my engineering background was useful here , and i made sure that the future frontline trenches were arranged with sump holes to keep it as water-free as possible . 
 each night my company dug , laid barbwire , built sniper loopholes , and filled sandbags . 
 building supplies were always a bit short , but we made do the best we could . 
 we had to take out plenty of building materials from the broken homes of deveaux . 
 the shelling seemed constant , accounting for a high number of our wounded . 
 luckily the germans seemed to pull back on firing the artillery at night , saving most of their crumps for the daytime . 
 but still , they would fire rifles at us . 
 lyons explained how they would cut notches on their parapets and fire at fixed locations throughout the night . 
 it was quite random , but still , if you were at the wrong place at the wrong time you would get knocked out for good . 
 i remember the first death i saw . 
 it was just two days after i had arrived and some poor squaddie named thompson got it . 
 a five-nine fell right into the trench and caught him in the open . 
 when i was called in to see , there was nothing there but a few scraps of flesh . 
 it was something else to see , but lyons just shrugged it off . 
 it was common for the soldiers to be fatalistic , and it was no different for the officers . 
 when your time was up , it was up . 
 each morning , after our shift was done , lyons and i slogged back to our billet at the village . 
 there we rested as well as we could . 
 our billet was a small , one-story home , and i was forever ducking my head in order to not bean myself against the beams . 
 at least i had a room to myself , and i enjoyed the little solitude i could get . 
 the house had a small kitchen that spilled over into the sitting room . 
 a sink and stove were there , but the water was n't hooked up anymore . 
 at least the pump in the side yard still worked , and the water tasted alright , but a little mineral tang remained that was just rustic charm . 
 there was also a small dilapidated garden out in the back . 
 it was pleasant to sit out there . 
 lyons , meadowes , carter , and even prentice would join me out there to smoke , have a drink , and talk of anything but the war . 
 i found that captain meadowes was a fair man and absolutely loved by the men -- both officers and the ranks . 
 he viewed the war as any professional soldier did -- as a job to be done and nothing else . 
 it turned out that he was a lifer , having been in the army for over twenty years . 
 he looked after us rookies with a calm hand and never showed his angry side . 
 his morale never flagged , no matter what the weather or conditions . 
 i 'm not sure how he handled the strains of his command , but he proved to be an able officer and gentleman . 
 he formed an easy friendship with me . 
 at first prentice treated me with abominable contempt , but as the days progressed , he started to slowly warm to me . 
 i would n't call it friendship , but he started to remark to me on the weather or the conditions of the trenches . 
 to him it was just a professional relationship , but it certainly beat the icy stares of the past . 
 carter acted most childlike and was treated accordingly . 
 however , he never shirked his duties and did as instructed . 
 he needed constant supervision which could grow tiresome . 
 the ranks still loved him like some long-lost son . 
 lyons was the best of all . 
 he was always cheerful and patiently explained my duties to me . 
 he was never condescending , and his friendly smile made him popular amongst the troops . 
 within just a few days , i felt as if i had a comrade-in-arms who would stick with me through thick and thin . 
 i never had a brother or sister when i was growing up , and few close friends due to moving around as we had when i was young , so it was strange to feel such things towards what was once a complete stranger . 
 they say soldiers grow closer than brothers , and i 'm inclined to agree . 
 as we sat around the billet , i learned much about his family . 
 i never met an aristocrat before and lyons certainly tempered my initial judgment of them . 
 though his father was a duke , they were always short of money . 
 it seemed some ancestor had gambled it all away , leaving only the family home and a mountain of debt . 
 being the second son had given him little for future prospects , and i think he relished the war since it gave him a chance to prove himself . 
 at least out here he was being useful , instead of idling his hours away dreaming of ways to make it rich . 
 in the trenches , one did n't think of money - one thought of girls , food and perhaps a moment of silence . 
 i almost make my stay at deveaux seem idyllic , but i ca n't even begin to tell you the horrors i witnessed . 
 every day the german shells fell heavily on our position , trying to kill anyone in the lines . 
 luckily , we designed our trenches to be dug at odd angles , limiting the amount of area the shrapnel could spread . 
 of course the huns were constructing their own lines the same way . 
 even worse were their trench mortars , for these were aimed by the enemy directly across from us . 
 somehow it seemed more personal than the seemingly random lobbing of artillery . 
 but still the rifle seemed the most dangerous to the average soldier . 
 the crack of a bullet passing over the trench was unnerving . 
 the enemy seemed to have excellent optics for their snipers while we had none . 
 during the days , their snipers were kept busy shooting at anything that peeked over our trench walls . 
 the rattling of the bullet against the barb wire was a constant reminder to the soldiers that they were under fire . 
 the only safe way to look over the lines was to use a periscope , but it was great sport for the germans to try to even shoot those . 
 a good sniper could even hit the mirror of a periscope , frightening the user beyond belief . 
 so with all that going on , it was no wonder that the rank-and-file were of the nervous sort . 
 all types of good luck charms were worn , and many a man had a small talisman hidden away on his person . 
 but nothing seemed to help . 
 every week we had a steady stream of casualties . 
 they were mostly head wounds , and the occasional hand being blown off . 
 anything that poked above the trenches was fair game . 
 one 's senses become acute in the environment of the trenches . 
 the thunder of artillery was ignored , but a sudden noise would have you dropping flat as a whiz-bang came too close for comfort . 
 there was also the fear of the germans using gas . 
 we had some wretched gas masks that leaked terribly . 
 i decided the best defense against a gas attack was to run for it . 
 it was n't cowardice since i had heard enough terrible stories about blindness , damaged lungs , and skin lesions . 
 before i forget , i shall have to mention the loyalty of owens . 
 he followed me every night and saw that i was well provided for . 
 i began to trust the man implicitly and his stolid presence was a comfort in the most trying of circumstances . 
 he was also one hell of a shot with his lee-enfield rifle and spent his few moments of free time sighting it in . 
 the sergeant also had plenty of stories to tell of his village and how he would poach right under the gamekeeper 's eyes . 
 the way he told it was always amusing , and it certainly sounded like a peaceful life compared to the mud and blood we dealt with every day . 
 owens also told me that hills behind deveaux were teeming with game and offered to take me up there in the future . 
 it seemed like an interesting idea , but it was sometime before we were able to do it . 
 the sniping was becoming a constant problem and damaging the morale of my boys . 
 so one day , on my own initiative , i decided to do something about it . 
 when i used to hunt , i would build blinds so the deer would not see me . 
 perhaps we could do the same here . 
 i told owens of my idea , and he readily agreed to help out . 
 during the night , using a deep crater halfway inside no man 's land , we constructed a hidden sniping location some two-hundred yards away from our line . 
 from there , we quietly built a steel firing loop , using dirt and wood to camouflage the position . 
 when we were done , i cautiously crawled over to look at it from the german side . 
 the firing loop seemed well-hidden , but only time would tell if i was right . 
 we left the newly dug position to go back to our lines and watched to see if the enemy had noticed our improved shell hole . 
 the next night , when it seemed our work had gone undetected , we cautiously returned to our blind and settled in for a long evening . 
 owens was a hunter and knew the importance of being quiet . 
 we spoke no words to each other that night but just spent times taking turns resting and listening . 
 i was fearful of a german patrol coming our way and did not want to be surprised . 
 night in no man 's land is an eerie experience . 
 one 's nerves are as tight as a violin string . 
 from a distance , a dark patch of earth becomes a moving man . 
 the eerie shadows from the german star shells would randomly spring up , adding to the strangeness of our surroundings . 
 it was unnerving , and when it was my turn to sleep , i just fidgeted . 
 my ears played tricks on me . 
 in my fevered imagination , distant artillery became footsteps . 
 so i let owens sleep again . 
 he nodded at me in the gloom and seemed to drop off right away . 
 he was n't about to lose any sleep . 
 when dawn came , i shook the sergeant awake , and we looked uneasily at each other . 
 now we were going to get some real work done . 
 after a quick breakfast of iron rations and warm water from our canteens , i took up position in the blind . 
 i inched my way slowly to the top and cautiously looked through the small rifle opening i had made . 
 with my field glasses , i peered through the firing loop and looked across to the hun line . 
 for the first time , i could see the enemy closely . 
 their cooking fires were smoking , and here and there , a helmet could be seen bobbing up and down . 
 they appeared to be changing the watch , shuttling the night troops away to the rear for a rest . 
 a single enemy soldier lifted his head over the trench and looked over the line with a scoped rifle . 
 it was one of their snipers looking to see what our side was up to . 
 i motioned for owens to hand me my lee-enfield . 
 the gun stock felt sweaty in my hands , and i steadied myself with a deep breath . 
 i slowly eased the rifle barrel into the loop . 
 i sighted down the stock and felt my heart thudding heavily as i found the target . 
 the enemy looked sure of himself and completely unaware that he was being watched . 
 i slowly squeezed the trigger and the rifle discharged with a sudden bang . 
 the shot felt true , and i saw the distant head snap back from the impact . 
 i slid slowly back into our shell hole , feeling sick to my stomach . 
 i did n't meet owens 's stare . 
 `` did you hit him ? '' 
 he asked in the faintest of whispers . 
 i nodded . 
 i had never killed a man before , and at first the feeling overwhelmed me . 
 but then i realized that this was war . 
 i had to fight in order to survive . 
 given the circumstances , that german sniper would have easily pulled the trigger if i was out in the open . 
 but i will admit that i had to hand the next shot over to my sergeant until i could regain my composure . 
 we spent the rest of the day in that hole and took turns firing on the germans . 
 i do n't think they ever figured out where those shots were coming from , since we kept our shots sporadically timed . 
 i would pass by some targets and wait before shooting again . 
 i 'm not proud when i say that i may have killed four men that day , but owens claimed at least five . 
 i will admit that i was relieved when darkness finally came , and we were able to safely sneak back to our own lines . 
 our little experiment with sniping brought me much favor with the ranks . 
 they were tired of having the boche snipers given free rein and were happy to see the tables turned on the most hated of the enemy . 
 owens and i were willing to sally forth again , but the germans must have finally sorted out where we shooting from since that very night our blind was destroyed by a barrage of artillery . 
 the shells swept no man 's land , changing the old landscape into something new . 
 the word of our accomplishment must have finally made it to colonel smythe since i received an invitation to visit him the next morning . 
 after my breakfast , i went and found him there sitting at his table with wodenhill , who had a faint smile on his face . 
 i admit that toothy grin made me a bit nervous . 
 anything that he found enjoyable must not be a good sign . 
 reese was there too , sorting through some papers . 
 he looked repugnant as before and glared at me before continuing his work . 
 the colonel and captain were both drinking tea and had jam and toast on their plates . 
 my company had rancid bully beef for breakfast and seeing those two enjoy their laid-out meal sickened me . 
 at least smythe still had the decency to look exhausted by the experience of living in the trenches . 
 after i saluted , he motioned me to sit down at the table . 
 `` have some toast ? '' 
 he asked . 
 a scrape of jelly was clinging to his cheek . 
 the food in the trenches had been unusually poor lately , so i gladly took this invitation . 
 i slathered on a thick helping of jam and proceeded to eat without any tableside manners . 
 `` we heard about your sniping . 
 using a shell hole in no man 's land as camouflage was a fine idea . '' 
 `` thank you , sir , '' i replied with a voice muffled by the hard toast . 
 it was damn good jelly . 
 out of the corner of my eye , i could see wodenhill 's face crack into a malicious grin . 
 i did n't understand why until smythe spoke again . 
 `` though i respect your initiative , i wo n't have you take any unnecessary chances anymore . 
 before you take any such future endeavors , they must be approved by me . '' 
 by the time he had finished , his face was glowing red with anger . 
 i came here expecting praise , and not to be thrown on the mat . 
 `` but sir , '' i protested after i swallowed , `` i came here to fight . '' 
 `` and fight you shall , '' he replied , `` but only when you are ready . 
 you are important in other ways than you think . 
 you are an important recruiting tool to me . '' 
 `` but sir , i came over here to fight , '' i repeated myself . 
 `` in due time , '' he said irritably . 
 `` but this is a dangerous place for a new officer . 
 you must think of that before you take such risks . '' 
 i doubted he had such concerns for the rest of the officers underneath him . 
 i did n't think i could be all that important to him , but what did i know of the politics of recruiting ? 
 i gave him a shrug and said coldly , `` very well , sir . 
 you are in command . 
 i shall do as you request . '' 
 his face softened and he said , `` it 's good to see such fighting spirit . 
 tell me , how are you getting along with your fellow officers ? '' 
 `` lieutenant lyons and prentice are very capable , '' i replied honestly . 
 `` they have allowed carter and me to survive . 
 and i certainly could n't ask for a better commanding officer than captain meadowes . '' 
 `` meadowes , '' wodenhill said softly with a sneer in his voice . 
 `` the captain may be a good front line officer , but he can also be a royal pain , '' smythe said to no one in particular . 
 `` i 'm about to issue him an important order . 
 you can carry it to him . '' 
 i was surprised with the general venom directed to meadowes . 
 he seemed like a fine man to me , but i knew staff and field officers often had disagreements . 
 i nodded . 
 `` i shall gladly take him the orders , '' i said . 
 `` you can tell your captain that i want a heavy patrol sent over to the german lines . 
 there may be a big push coming soon , and i 've been told that the planning staff wants to know how many huns are directly across from us . 
 have him send prentice over with a few men and take a look . '' 
 wodenhill slid the typed orders over to my hand . 
 i took a quick look at it before folding it into my breast pocket . 
 smythe said , `` and one more thing , lieutenant -- i do n't want you going along with prentice . 
 remember what i said about not taking any risks . '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' i stiffly answered back . 
 i took another piece of toast , wiped some jelly on it and folded it in half . 
 perhaps lyons would like to have an extra bite to eat . 
 `` that is all , '' smythe said with a wave of his hand . 
 i stood up , saluted and hurried off to find captain meadowes . 
 i found him at the company hq , digging through a sheaf of papers . 
 he glanced up at me and scowled . 
 `` saw our colonel smythe , did we ? '' 
 i handed over the orders and said , `` yes , captain . '' 
 `` i do n't know how we run this war with officers like him and that cretin wodenhill . '' 
 i had never heard meadows speak ill of the colonel before so i merely nodded and said , `` i would n't know , sir . '' 
 he read through the orders and made a face . 
 `` this will be dangerous work . 
 i would rather have lyons do it . 
 he 's the more experienced man . '' 
 `` smythe did specify prentice , '' i reminded him . 
 in all honesty , i would rather have seen prentice get a german bullet than my best friend . 
 i know it was a petty thought , but lyons was the only true friend that i had , other than owens , in this forsaken place . 
 it would be rough going if i had to go on without him . 
 `` orders are orders , '' meadowes grunted and put the paper down . 
 `` go get lyons , carter , and prentice . 
 we 'll have a little talk on the best way to approach this fool idea . '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' i answered back and left the headquarters to round everyone up . 
 i found prentice doing his morning duty at the front outposts and sent him on his way without telling him anything . 
 i had to go back to our billet to find lyons . 
 he was in his bedroom , reading through some moldy magazine . 
 i handed him the bit of toast i had tucked away in my pocket . 
 he pulled a bit of lint off and said , `` toast eh ? 
 a spot of tea would be nice but i do n't suppose colonel smythe would oblige . '' 
 he ate the bread greedily . 
 as we walked back to the hq , i filled him in on my meeting with the colonel and the orders i had delivered . 
 `` our prentice out in no man 's land ? 
 sounds like a bit of fun . 
 we will give the boche a little surprise . 
 but you say that the colonel would n't let you go ? '' 
 `` yes , he 's rather strange about the whole thing , '' i replied testily . 
 `` hmm , perhaps you remind him of his son or something like that . '' 
 `` i think the colonel would shove his own son into the front lines if it would get him a promotion . 
 he does n't strike me as the sentimental type . '' 
 he nodded sagely . 
 `` then he really must want to keep you around for the war recruiting effort . 
 those american boys wo n't be joining up if they found out you died here in just a few days . 
 that 's hardly enough time to do something heroic . '' 
 `` i have n't done anything brave , '' i said . 
 `` my best advice for you is to stay alive . 
 you still need to learn that . '' 
 we walked into the communication trench leading to the headquarters . 
 we found carter there talking to some of his men . 
 i acknowledged the greetings of the soldiers , and then we hustled him to the hq . 
 there , prentice was already poring over the maps with the captain . 
 they were both speaking in those hushed tones of the professional soldier . 
 `` very good , gentleman , '' meadowes said . 
 `` have a seat and we will discuss the best way for prentice to go forward with this damned patrol . '' 
 prentice looked a little sick to his stomach . 
 the captain tapped the paper in front of him and said , `` i 've read over smythe 's orders here and though it 's a fool idea , we may be able to pull it off if we 're careful . 
 the germans think of this area as a quiet zone . 
 sure , we 've sent out a few patrols at night , but we 've never broached their lines before . 
 this should be a big surprise since they do not think we have the capacity to do that kind of work . 
 their sentries may be bored enough not to notice us sneaking up on them . 
 lyons slowly shook his head . 
 `` the boche have more star shells then we do . 
 they 're always shooting them off at night . 
 it would take prentice hours to crawl over there unseen . '' 
 `` true enough , '' meadowes admitted . 
 `` but do you have any better ideas ? 
 i would hate to have his men under their guns for that long of a time . '' 
 `` perhaps we can rush the line before the germans know it , '' carter exclaimed but was ignored . 
 i was still angry by colonel smythe 's rebuke . 
 i wanted to carry my weight in this regiment . 
 `` perhaps we need a diversion , '' i blurted out . 
 i felt their eyes turn on me so i went on and said , `` sergeant owens and i kept them busy the day before with our sniping . '' 
 `` and a good show that was , '' the captain admitted . 
 `` they might be suspecting us to pull the same trick on them again . 
 if i make myself seen on their extreme right , then prentice can go to the left with his men . '' 
 it was a foolish idea , i admit , but as i said , i was feeling angry being ordered not to take any chances . 
 `` it would be awfully dangerous , '' meadowes said sternly , but i could see he was considering my suggestion . 
 `` it would only take a few moments before they would call artillery down on you and blow you to hell and back . '' 
 he was a man who rarely swore , and his words caught me by surprise . 
 lyons looked over the map and pointed to the rightmost post on the line . 
 `` i think grant here has a germ of an idea . 
 perhaps the two of us can make it work . 
 we 'll have to let the middlesex boys next door know or else they 'll get caught up in the fun . 
 i 'll set up a lewis gun here and call down some artillery to cut the wire across the way . 
 afterwards , we 'll rake their lines with the gun to keep the hun 's heads down . 
 we 'll throw enough mills bombs and launch enough trench mortars to keep them interested in us . 
 if we keep up enough firepower , they will think a full scale assault is going on from our side of the trench . 
 with a little luck , grant and i can keep the germans occupied long enough for prentice to get through on his side . '' 
 `` it may work , '' prentice agreed uncertainly . 
 `` it is worth a try , '' meadowes said . 
 `` let 's go over the timing and your needs . '' 
 we talked the plan through , made a few calls , pored over our inaccurate maps and made up the roster of men to go with prentice . 
 lyons suggested that corporal childs go with him . 
 he was obviously nervous as he paced the mud-caked floor . 
 `` i 'm not so sure about taking that infernal corporal . 
 he never seems to pull his own weight . '' 
 meadowes grunted . 
 `` he 's a shirker alright , but he 's up for a turn on a patrol . 
 if he does n't do his duty , then you have my permission to shoot him . '' 
 lyons laughed and said , `` but just shoot him in the leg and make sure to bring him back in one piece - he has good taste in tobacco . '' 
 prentice nodded grimly as if he had n't even heard the words . 
 he said , `` if you do n't mind , sir , i think i will get some sleep until midnight . 
 i expect the others will be at their post in time for my performance . '' 
 `` they will , '' the captain said tersely . 
 with those words , prentice took off to and did n't even spare us a look back . 
 his shoulders looked as if he was carrying the weight of the world . 
 lyons shrugged his shoulders and left the headquarters . 
 i tagged behind him and said , `` what do you think of prentice 's chances out there ? '' 
 looking back at me grimly , he shook his head . 
 he said , `` i would n't give him much chance at all . 
 but he has his orders and he has to follow them even if they mean his death . 
 you and i can only do our best to give him a fighting chance . '' 
 i found owens up front , minding my men . 
 i ordered him to help out . 
 we gathered up a lewis gun and brought it into position on the rightmost firing loop . 
 at the supply depot , i managed to source a few boxes of assembled mills bombs . 
 trench mortars were always in short supply , but a dozen were found . 
 all the time , owens was smiling broadly , seemingly itching for a fight . 
 i think we all were looking forward to showing the germans a thing or two . 
 we 've been shelled , mortared , and shot at for far too long . 
 now it was our turn to give some back . 
 by the time midnight rolled around , we were in a fine mood . 
 prentice stopped by to see that we were in position and ready for his patrol . 
 his face was darkened with burnt cork and his breath reeked with rum . 
 the drink seemed to have little effect on him since he was still wound up tight as a drum . 
 lyons slapped him heartily on the back and said , `` be careful out there , old man . 
 i would hate to have you killed -- who else can i argue with ? '' 
 `` just do your job , '' he replied softly through his clenched teeth . 
 `` i 'll be back to make sure you 're kept in line . '' 
 `` do n't worry , '' i said . 
 he ignored me and said to lyons , `` now i have to go and make sure my squad is n't drunk out of their minds . '' 
 we then set our watches together and promised prentice that we would n't start the show for another twenty minutes . 
 i watched as he turned and made his way down the dark communication trench . 
 in the gloom , he quickly receded out of sight like a spirit in the night . 
 i shook my head at the dreadful thought . 
 that could easily be me on that mission facing the chance of meeting my doom . 
 there was no reason to hate any man out here in the trenches , and i felt some shame for wishing the worse for the man earlier in the day . 
 the relative quiet of the night was suddenly broken by the howitzers and artillery that we had ordered up earlier . 
 mind you , the frontline is never quiet since the sound of rifle and falling shells is always constant , but the sudden upswing in volume was startling . 
 i looked at my watch i realized it was time for us to start soon . 
 the shells from the british guns whistled over our heads and marched on towards the boche trenches . 
 through our lewis gun loophole , i could see the brilliant explosions . 
 even at this range , the sound was deafening , and underneath my feet i could feel the earth give a slight tremble . 
 shadows from star shells danced about , and the odd light of the exploding shells gave the trenches a surreal look . 
 owens was shouting in excitement and jumping up to look over the parapet to see the damage we were inflicting . 
 i put a hand on his shoulder and continued to watch through our loophole . 
 the enemy 's lines were getting hammered hard by the artillery boys . 
 this went on for quite a while . 
 i 'm sure the germans were having a rude awakening . 
 in a few minutes , it all ended and the sudden silence was surprising . 
 `` get on that gun , '' i told owens . 
 he nodded and started to squeeze out long bursts of machine gun fire over the enemy trench line . 
 apparently our shell fire had little effect on them since a few of their rifles began snapping our way . 
 lyons then opened up a crate of mills bombs . 
 he grinned at me as he pulled the pin out from one . 
 with a mighty heave , he threw it into no man 's land . 
 the grenade exploded with a satisfying bang . 
 he chucked a few more over , and i joined in the fun . 
 it was tricky throwing them -- one had to be careful not to hit a length of barbed wire and have it bounce back . 
 we went on this way for a good thirty minutes , only taking a break to launch a few trench mortars . 
 i hauled in more belts of machine gun ammunition and broke open another box of bombs . 
 the huns were certainly interested in our little display of firepower , for more and more rifle shots were coming our way . 
 a few star shells burst over our heads , which only added to the chaos . 
 the enemy even tried a few of their own trench mortars , but luckily the mortar is never an exact weapon . 
 but i knew it was only a matter of time before their real artillery began . 
 i was still surprised as the first rounds began to fall in front of us . 
 lyons tugged on owen 's shoulder and motioned for him to pack the lewis gun up . 
 it was time to get out of here before we caught a crump . 
 the boche were in a fury now , and their artillery was beginning to come in thickly . 
 the area around us was blanketed with shells as they tried to zero in our position . 
 shrapnel began whistling through the air above us , and i knew if i stuck my hand above the trench parapet , it would have been drilled through in a second . 
 we lugged what we could away from the front line , staggering heavily through the communication trench . 
 breathing heavily , we stopped outside hq and fell into a fit of laughter . 
 it felt good to be alive , even with my ears ringing like hell . 
 lyons recovered himself and grinned , `` well , grant , we did the best we could for prentice . 
 i hope it was enough for the bastard . '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` i 'm sure it will be . '' 
 we sat around at the table and waited for words of prentice 's success . 
 we sipped some tea that owens brewed up . 
 i never much cared for the stuff , but the british drink it like water . 
 i was n't sure how much of it was actually from tea leaves or was mud . 
 it did n't seem to matter to the them since they always wanted their tea come hell or high water . 
 by this time the german shelling had dropped off . 
 i could only hear the faint pop of the occasional rifle or the ringing sound a bullet makes when it strikes the barbwire . 
 we said little as we waited , but each moment seemed to cloud the air with anxiety . 
 a distant machine gun began to chatter , and the rumble of german shelling started again . 
 had prentice been discovered ? 
 lyons found my eyes and slowly shook his head in despair . 
 our worst fears were realized when a grubby looking private burst into the headquarters . 
 he was panting from exertion and blurted out , `` it 's lieutenant prentice . 
 he 's been hit out in no man 's land . '' 
 `` is he still alive ? '' 
 i asked the man . 
 `` i think so , '' he answered . 
 `` we have to help him , '' lyons said . 
 `` where is captain meadowes ? '' 
 the private shrugged and said , `` a few minutes ago , i saw the captain at the front lines . '' 
 i pushed myself up and said , `` i 'll go see what i can do for prentice . 
 come on , owens . '' 
 `` good chap , '' lyons said . 
 `` i 'll see if i can get together some men to help out . '' 
 we parted our ways . 
 i ran down the lines to the left side of our trenches . 
 coming to the front , i found the bedraggled remnants of prentice 's command . 
 they were moaning and complaining like men in their situation do . 
 rifle bullets were snapping over us , and i had to shout to be heard as the shells continued to fall . 
 `` where is he ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 a man i did n't recognize shook his finger in the direction of no man 's land . 
 `` the lieutenant is back by the boche line , sir . 
 we could n't make it through the german 's wire because our damn artillery did n't do a thing to it . 
 we tried to cut his way through , but it was no use . 
 we were spotted soon enough , and they opened up on us with everything they had . 
 prentice got hit and told us all to go back without him . '' 
 `` you should have dragged him back . '' 
 `` he was too close to the lines . 
 it was too dangerous . '' 
 `` damn it , '' i swore to no one in particular . 
 i angrily stalked away from the poor beggars and carefully climbed over the parapet using the ladder that had been left there . 
 owens , bless his soul , followed me without comment . 
 i think the fellow was keen on seeing that i stay alive . 
 we crawled slowly along the open ground , taking cover inside the shell holes wherever we could find them . 
 a few star shells went up , lighting no man 's land with an eerie light . 
 we jumped inside a shell hole soon enough and listened to the thrum of bullets passing overhead . 
 we kept crawling this way , inch-by-inch , until i could just make out the german line . 
 in fact i could swear i could hear the guttural sounds of their language , but it was hard to tell with the sounds of battle . 
 bullets continued to crack around me , but it seemed that i was still hidden from view since nothing came too close . 
 i did n't know where prentice was , so i made my way along the hun line and stopped to investigate every shell hole i came along . 
 i can tell you it was a dreadful experience reaching my hand into those blackened pits . 
 one never knew what horror was waiting inside , and i feared running my hand into a decomposed corpse since it was a popular way to quickly bury the dead . 
 i was glad owens was behind me . 
 this was a frightful position to be in . 
 it seemed like forever when i had reached the right shell hole . 
 i heard the click of a pistol hammer being drawn back . 
 `` prentice ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` is that you , grant ? '' 
 the voice of prentice answered back . 
 `` yes , '' i answered back in relief . 
 owens and i crawled into the shell hole with him . 
 the three of us made for a crowded hiding place . 
 `` where are you hit ? '' 
 i asked as i put my hands on his body . 
 `` in the thigh , '' he whispered back . 
 `` it hurts like hell . '' 
 his voice was sounding weaker by the minute . 
 `` i 'm afraid i ca n't walk . '' 
 `` well , you can certainly crawl , '' i said . 
 a quick search of his leg and i found the wound . 
 the thigh was ripped open with a gaping hole , and it was wet with gore . 
 i slipped off his belt and wrapped it tightly around the top of the leg to make a quick tourniquet . 
 i drew it tight , and he only made a small gasp as the leather bit into his flesh . 
 `` now try to keep quiet , '' i warned him . 
 `` the sergeant and i are going to drag you back and it 's going to hurt like hell . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 he nodded painfully . 
 a sudden shower of bullets passed by and another star shell lit up the landscape . 
 how long had i been out here ? 
 i looked east , and i thought i could detect a slight lightening of the horizon . 
 i knew we only had a little more time before the sun would rise . 
 it was time to act fast before we were exposed since it would mean instant death . 
 i waited until the flare was gone . 
 i then motioned for owens to help . 
 we dragged prentice along the ground by his arms . 
 he kept his moans to himself . 
 with his weight , we had to stop and rest every thirty feet to catch our breath . 
 i was amazed by our tortured progress since the enemy never seemed to see us . 
 perhaps they did see us but took enough pity on the wounded and let us go . 
 the boche could be funny that way . 
 i never felt any fear during this time . 
 i know it seems hard to believe even now , but i swear i am telling you the truth . 
 i was too busy worrying about prentice to even consider my own mortality . 
 religion and patriotism become such distant ideals in the face of death . 
 and that is how it is out here in the trenches . 
 you fight and die for your comrades , not for anything else . 
 it was with great relief that we finally pulled him into our own front lines . 
 lyons was there and helped us prop prentice up against the wall . 
 dawn had just started to break across the horizon and i could see that the wounded lieutenant had passed out somewhere along our journey . 
 but he was still alive , for i could still hear his breath rasp slowly between his lips . 
 lyons had already passed the word along , and there was a waiting stretcher party of men to carry prentice back to the medical station . 
 i watched him being carried away and suddenly felt faint with exhaustion . 
 it had been a long night . 
 i wanted nothing more than to sleep for a week . 
 i leaned dizzily against the parapet wall and slid down to the ground in a daze . 
 owens remained standing . 
 he was the sort of fellow who never seemed to tire . 
 `` good show , grant , '' lyons said in a low voice . 
 however his voice was choked with emotion and i looked questioningly up at him . 
 his face was gray and his lips tightly pursed together . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 i asked when i saw his dire expression . 
 my friend let out a big sigh and said , `` it is bad news . 
 i 'm afraid it 's captain meadowes . 
 he 's dead . '' 
 chapter 6 the past i was too stunned by this news to even speak . 
 i merely stared at lyons in disbelief and felt my mouth open but not make a sound . 
 my head nodded slowly . 
 it seemed impossible that meadowes could be dead , and the terrible events of the night only made the news worse . 
 lyons eyes were misted with near tears . 
 he explained . 
 `` he must have been hit by a german rifle bullet as he was watching prentice move over no man 's land . 
 it was truly a one in a million shot . '' 
 all i could do was nod numbly . 
 i cleared my throat and said , `` i want to see him . 
 let me take a look at him . '' 
 `` it 's not something you would want to see , '' he said . 
 `` it looks rather ghastly . '' 
 `` i 'm afraid the lieutenant is right , '' owens agreed solemnly . 
 `` it would be better if you remembered the captain as he was . '' 
 `` damn it , '' i cried out , `` do n't treat me like a child . 
 i 've already seen enough dead men . 
 what does one more matter ? '' 
 even though i was exhausted , i managed to pull myself up from the ground . 
 i glared at the two of them and began walking . 
 lyons gave me a dark look , and with owens tagging behind , we went along the trenches to find the body of captain meadowes . 
 as we went , a rifle bullet cracked over our heads and another shell exploded nearby . 
 the germans were still riled up . 
 poor meadowes was lying face down in the spot where had fallen . 
 his servant , private hill , was standing guard and had to turn his head away in shame as we approached . 
 in the dim dawn light there were traces of tears down his mud-encrusted face . 
 `` have you touched the body ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 he was quite devoted to the old captain and was fighting back his emotions as he spoke . 
 `` no , sir , i have n't , '' he replied and kept his face turned to the ground . 
 `` did you see him get shot ? '' 
 `` no . 
 he sent me running to headquarters to call in some more artillery support . '' 
 i flicked on my flashlight and looked over the body lying on top of the dirty duckboards . 
 the captain 's field glasses were on the ground next to him , the straps intertwined in his clutched fingers . 
 with the beam of light i was able to see that a neat hole was drilled in the back of his head . 
 blood had stained the wood and dripped into a thick pool on the mud below . 
 crouching down on the ground , i turned over the body and looked at the staring face . 
 there was a small scrape on the forehead and a bruised blotch on the cheek . 
 after seeing this , i snapped the torch shut as to not attract any further attention from the boche . 
 they might drop a few rounds our way if they saw a glint of light shining from our trench for too long . 
 lyons and owens were looking at me expectantly . 
 there was a dim train of thought in my mind . 
 it was only had a glimmer of an idea that i had . 
 in my mind 's eye , i saw meadowes scanning no man 's land with his field glasses . 
 his attention would be fully on the battlefield before him , and with the sound of battle , he would n't be able to hear anyone coming up from behind . 
 it would have been easy for someone to get in close and kill the unsuspecting captain . 
 but who ? 
 `` i do n't think it was a german bullet that killed him , '' i finally said . 
 even in the early morning gloom , i could see the surprise in their faces . 
 `` what do you mean , grant ? '' 
 lyons asked . 
 `` are you sure this is the time and place to be playing detective ? '' 
 `` i 'm not playing anything . 
 i 'm serious . 
 look , if a german bullet blew off the back of his head , there would n't have been anything left of it . 
 from the wound , it looks more likely as if it was a small caliber bullet from a pistol . '' 
 `` come on , grant . 
 perhaps it was some shrapnel - plenty of shells going off tonight . '' 
 owens got on his knees , turned the head and looked closely at the wound . 
 `` sir , i 'm afraid lieutenant grant is right . 
 this is a perfectly round entrance hole , caused by a pistol fired at close range . 
 you can even see a bit of burnt hair here . 
 shrapnel would n't have pierced his skull like that . 
 trust me , i 've seen enough death here to know that . '' 
 lyons looked back and forth between the two of us as if he was measuring our words and trying to find a fault in our argument . 
 i flicked on my torch again and motioned to the parapet wall . 
 the torch showed a faint mark of blood on the wood supporting the parapet wall . 
 `` look here . 
 there is a bit of blood where his forehead must have struck when he pitched forward . 
 someone shot him in the back of the head while he was looking out towards the german line . 
 it 's the only way it could have happened . '' 
 `` shut that damned thing off before the germans see us , '' the lieutenant said harshly . 
 `` very well , '' i said . 
 i snapped off the light . 
 owens stood there watching us . 
 he was a smart fellow , and i was glad that he agreed with my findings . 
 i just hoped that lyons would agree with what i was about to say next . 
 `` i think someone in our own company must have killed the captain . '' 
 `` like who ? '' 
 he asked doubtfully . 
 `` he was a right popular man around here . '' 
 i shrugged and said , `` i do n't know right now , but who else could it be ? '' 
 lyons stared at me . 
 i said to my sergeant , `` i want you to go back to captain meadowes ' quarters and stand guard until we get there . 
 on your way , get a stretcher party to take the body away . 
 there is no reason for hill to stand out here any longer and get himself killed . '' 
 `` very good , sir , '' owens said . 
 he then saluted . 
 he was then off like a shot running down the trench lines . 
 as i said , he was a very good man . 
 i was glad he was here to help . 
 `` let 's return to headquarters , '' i said to lyons , and we started in that direction leaving hill to guard the body . 
 we both ducked our heads down as we heard a shell drop nearby . 
 it was easy for me to forget i was in a middle of war when i had murder on my mind . 
 `` the colonel wo n't be too happy on tonight 's results with prentice , '' my friend commented . 
 `` and the death of captain meadowes will certainly complicate things around here . 
 i just hope smythe sends us a decent replacement . '' 
 `` damn the colonel and damn the replacement , '' i snapped back and felt a twinge of dislike for lyons that i had never felt before . 
 i swept back the dark curtains to our headquarters and let him step through first . 
 he stopped short , and i heard him swear underneath his breath . 
 when i stepped inside , i saw the reason for this exclamation . 
 the whole place had been thoroughly ransacked from top to bottom . 
 papers were littering the floor , the table had been turned on its side , and even the mattresses in the back room had been slit open . 
 someone had come here and tore this place up , but for what purpose ? 
 `` what in the hell happened here ? '' 
 lyons said as he turned up a chair to sit down and look over the damage . 
 `` it does n't make any sense . '' 
 `` a hurried search was made , '' i replied . 
 `` whoever killed captain meadowes came back here to find something that was hidden away . '' 
 `` there you go with that murder theory of yours , '' he said tartly . 
 `` you should give it a rest . '' 
 `` look , lyons , you and i usually see things eye-to-eye . 
 why wo n't you believe that the captain was murdered ? '' 
 `` i ca n't . 
 it 's all just too fantastic . 
 we 're in the middle of a war where thousands of unlucky fellows are getting killed every week . 
 and i 'm supposed to believe that captain meadowes was shot in the back of the head by one of his own men ? 
 i know soldiers can be a vindictive lot , but i ca n't think of one that would gladly pull that trigger against a good officer like him . '' 
 i frowned at him and said , `` at times you can be quite the stubborn ass . '' 
 his eyes widened at my words . 
 `` now there 's no reason to be testy , my american cousin . 
 if you 're so smart then why do n't you tell me all about it ? '' 
 shooting him another nasty look , i replied , `` what do you think i 've been trying to do ? 
 obviously someone had it in for the captain and then went looking here for something . 
 when i know more , i 'll fill you in . '' 
 `` very well , old chap . 
 perhaps i 'll give that colonel of ours a call and tell him the bad news . '' 
 lyons dug through the littered floor until he found the telephone under a pile of papers . 
 as he rang through , i began putting the mess into some kind of order . 
 i could hear the one-sided conversation as i worked . 
 `` captain wodenhill ? 
 this is lyons here . '' 
 he made a face at me since he shared my dislike for the man . 
 `` i 'm afraid that i have a bit of bad news for colonel smythe . '' 
 he lit a cigarette as he listened to the reply on the other end . 
 `` yes , this is about prentice and that fool mission you gave him . 
 he was n't able to get through the german line at all and was shot up pretty bad . 
 we do n't know yet what his condition is yet , but it does n't look good . '' 
 he took a brief puff as he listened . 
 he then answered , `` and tell smythe we will need a new captain here . 
 meadowes bought it too . '' 
 i thought lyons ' attitude was rather flippant , but he was always like that in a crisis . 
 it was a likeable trait at times , but in such a situation as this , it was damned irritating . 
 i suppose it was his way of coping with the stress of the front lines . 
 after another pause , he said , `` i 'm afraid it is n't quite that simple . 
 grant here thinks that meadowes was murdered . '' 
 there was a loud squabble of words over the phone that i could hear even from where i was standing . 
 lyons listened patiently to the man on the other end , and then put his hand in the air as if to stop the rest of the conversation . 
 he placated wodenhill by saying , `` yes , i agree . 
 but i 'm sure it will all be sorted out soon enough . 
 grant here may be right . 
 we have nothing to lose hearing him out . '' 
 he then said a few more words in farewell and hung up the phone . 
 stubbing out the cigarette , he turned to me and said , `` you 're not making any friends there . 
 but what the hell do the staff officers ever know ? 
 too much dug-out disease if you ask me . 
 well , wodenhill decided to come over personally to look into the matter . 
 not that it will be any use to us . '' 
 he grinned and handed his pack of cigarettes to me . 
 taking one , i lit up and blew the harsh smoke out . 
 i was exhausted and too tired to think clearly anymore . 
 i could barely remember the last time i 'd slept or eaten . 
 lyons said , `` you know that was a brave thing you did out there -- rescuing prentice that is . 
 are you trying to win a medal or something ? '' 
 `` i was just doing my job , '' i answered . 
 `` you and prentice are n't exactly friends , '' he said wryly . 
 `` we have our issues , '' i agreed , `` but i would expect him to do the same if i was in the same sort of trouble . '' 
 lyons opened his trench lighter and clicked it a few times to watch the flame ignite . 
 he smiled at me and said , `` then you certainly think better of prentice than i do . 
 i doubt the bastard would do anything of the sort . 
 but after you saved his life , perhaps he 'll turn over new leaf and start treating you properly . '' 
 with a shrug , i replied , `` it does n't matter what happens either way . '' 
 `` true , the lucky old bugger may have gotten a ticket back home to old blighty . 
 if he has any luck , we may never see him again . '' 
 `` that 's not what i meant . 
 i mean i would do the same even if he was my worst enemy . 
 no man should have to die out there alone in no man 's land . '' 
 lighting another cigarette , he looked me over suspiciously . 
 `` do n't forget that most men wo n't do the same for you . 
 out here , it 's every man for himself . 
 there is no reason for heroics my friend -- it 's unsafe and foolhardy at best . '' 
 the talk of prentice had distracted me , but i ignored him and began sorting through the papers spread on the floor . 
 there had to be something here that the captain 's killer wanted . 
 something worth money , or some piece of information that was deemed valuable enough to kill for . 
 but what could it be ? 
 lyons continued to sit there , and i could feel his eyes on my back . 
 he eventually said , `` what are you looking for ? '' 
 `` whatever the murderer was looking for , '' i answered simply and continued to work through the mess . 
 i turned the table back upright and began placing things back in order . 
 there was nothing here out of the ordinary - papers containing supply requisitions , orders , and the various bureaucratic forms that plague any officer . 
 it seemed that the higher the rank , the higher the pile of paper that follows you around . 
 `` do you know anything out of the ordinary that meadowes was working on ? '' 
 i ventured to ask . 
 `` you were quite close to him . '' 
 with a sour laugh , he said , `` i was never too good with paperwork . 
 prentice had the job of helping him out with that sort of thing . '' 
 `` so you ca n't think of a single reason why anyone would ransack our headquarters like this ? '' 
 `` not a single one , '' he replied as he stubbed his cigarette out on the floor with his boot . 
 `` thanks for nothing , '' i said rather more nastily than i intended . 
 i picked up the pile of papers and left him there . 
 he did n't say a single word as i strode out into the bright dawn light . 
 with a fast stroll , i made my way back to the billet . 
 the huns were in fine form that day . 
 they were still in a nervous state from the night attack and continued to shell our lines . 
 quite a few coal-boxes dropped near me , so i had to scurry for what cover i could find . 
 it took a while , but i finally reached the relative safety of the deserted village . 
 the wrecked buildings and torn up roads only succeeded in making my dark mood worse . 
 captain meadowes has been murdered , and here i was , stuck in this meat-grinder of a war . 
 it all seemed useless . 
 i was stuck so deep in my thoughts that my eyes were glued to the cobblestones in front of me . 
 i finally yanked my head up when i heard shouting in the distance . 
 it was owens , and he was standing in front of my house , trying to attract my attention by waving at me . 
 i trotted forward . 
 `` thank goodness you 're here , '' he said excitedly . 
 `` what is it , sergeant ? '' 
 i demanded with what little breath i could muster . 
 `` it 's meadowes 's quarters , sir . 
 i 'm afraid it has been ransacked too . '' 
 the news was n't that unexpected , so i merely nodded and brushed past him . 
 i immediately went to the captain 's bedroom and found it in disarray . 
 meadowes was normally a meticulous man and would have paled when he saw the current state of his belongings . 
 they were scattered everywhere , and even the mattress had been ripped open , spilling straw onto the floor . 
 owens was standing behind me . 
 i asked him , `` did you come directly here as ordered ? '' 
 he shifted his feet back and forth , staring at the ground . 
 `` to be honest , sir , i stopped and had a quick chat with corporal childs . 
 he was telling me all about the problems they had out there in no man 's land . '' 
 `` i told you to come directly here , sergeant . 
 how long were you jawing with that good-for-nothing childs ? '' 
 `` only a few minutes , sir , '' he replied . 
 `` honest . 
 i came here and found it like this . 
 word must have gotten out quick about the captain being dead , though i ca n't imagine any of the boys taking the liberty of stealing from him . '' 
 `` yes , '' i agreed . 
 `` have you touched anything here ? '' 
 `` no , sir , it looks exactly as i found it . '' 
 stepping gingerly into the room , i looked over the mess . 
 there had to be something here that was important . 
 the murderer must have quickly gone through our headquarters , and when he did n't find what he wanted , decided to search here . 
 was the murderer successful in his search ? 
 i would have to take a look myself to try to determine what was missing . 
 a near-impossible task since i did n't even know what i was looking for . 
 `` sergeant , i want you to help me look through the captain 's belongings . '' 
 his own thoughts mirrored my own when he asked , `` what exactly are we looking for , sir ? '' 
 i began digging through the captain 's bags and replied , `` anything out of the ordinary - a box , bag or book that an officer would n't normally have . '' 
 `` that does n't give me much to go on , sir , '' owens said as he finally joined in the search . 
 we looked through that room thoroughly , going through everything that i could see . 
 but it was all to no avail as we found nothing out of the ordinary . 
 it was just the type of kit you would expect any officer to have . 
 `` does n't appear to be anything strange here , sir , '' the sergeant said quietly . 
 `` i believe you 're right , '' i said with disappointment . 
 i then rested my right hand on one of the rough-cut ceiling beams above me and leaned forward to look at the debris on the floor . 
 i was beginning to feel angry when i realized that there was a gap on top of the beam . 
 i ran my hand down the length of the opening and felt something tucked away inside . 
 i pulled it out in triumph and saw it was a small leather book . 
 with his eyes wide in admiration , owens said , `` good show ! '' 
 i briefly studied the leather bound book and said , `` sergeant , i want you to find lyons at headquarters . 
 he 's there waiting for captain wodenhall to arrive . 
 could you have them come here as soon as possible ? '' 
 he saluted and paused a moment before making his leave . 
 `` sir , do you think you will be safe here ? 
 what will you do if someone comes back here while i am gone ? '' 
 i touched the butt end of my pistol and replied , `` i 'm perfectly capable of taking care of myself . 
 you should know that by now . '' 
 `` very good , sir . '' 
 he saluted yet again and took off . 
 in the pale light coming through the window , i sat down at the desk and began examining the leather-bound book . 
 it looked cheaply made , and i saw a london manufacturer stamped on the back . 
 turning to the first page , i saw it was first dated from seven months ago . 
 there was a list of military goods , and a number that looked like a dollar amount jotted to the right . 
 there was an itemized list of rifles , grenades , food , kits and everything else you could imagine - even tobacco . 
 the quantities involved were nothing that would fully support a regiment like ours , but it was still quite a substantial number of goods being entered . 
 i rifled through the pages and advanced quickly through the months . 
 there was thousands of dollars worth of gear listed here . 
 it did n't make any sense at first , but suddenly i remembered the packet of papers i retrieved from the floor of headquarters . 
 i finally had some idea of what the book meant . 
 someone was pinching from our supplies and selling them for a profit . 
 the book contained the entries of the stolen items being sold . 
 it was meadowes who had discovered the loss by studying the supply depot records . 
 the question was how did he get a hold of this book ? 
 i heard the soft squeak of leather soles against wood . 
 my hand reached for my pistol . 
 looking up , there was corporal childs standing in the doorway . 
 his face was still darkened with cork from the night action . 
 he pulled his cap off and saluted . 
 `` can i be of any help , sir ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i caught his eyes lingering over the book and papers . 
 `` no thank you . 
 what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` i thought lieutenant prentice would like to have his pipe . 
 he 's at the casualty station waiting for the lorry to pick him up and bring him to hospital . 
 word is he is going to be alright . 
 i thought a bit of tobacco would cheer him up . '' 
 `` i see , '' i said . 
 i shuffled the papers together and slid the book into my breast pocket . 
 `` let 's go see if we can dig it up . '' 
 feeling uneasy with childs behind me , i led him to prentice 's quarters where i found his old pipe sitting on the windowsill . 
 the corporal was unexpectedly quiet , and the little house now felt very still and menacing . 
 he looked up at me with a grin and was about to speak when the front door opened . 
 `` well , i best be off , '' childs said and quickly grabbed the pipe from my hand . 
 he left before i could say another word , and i heard the side door shut as he went out . 
 `` sir ? '' 
 i heard owens voice call out . 
 `` i 'm in here , '' i said and went to meet them in the hallway . 
 wodenhill and lyons were there . 
 the sergeant stepped aside to let them pass . 
 wodenhill was the first to speak . 
 `` owens here said you have some evidence to bolster your claims that meadowes was murdered . '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' i answered and pulled out the book from my pocket . 
 i handed it over and watched as the captain began paging through it . 
 `` what am i supposed to make of this gibberish ? '' 
 wodenhill said sharply . 
 `` there is nothing here but a list of goods . '' 
 `` it goes on for some months , sir , '' i answered . 
 `` look at the other papers that i found at headquarters . 
 meadowes was gathering evidence that someone was pilfering from the general supplies and selling off the goods . 
 if you look at the right hand column you can see the money amount for each transaction . '' 
 `` what do you make of this ? '' 
 he asked lyons and shoved the book into his hands . 
 he looked at the book momentarily and replied , `` well , sir , i do believe lieutenant grant here may be on to something . 
 we have been short of many items that other regiments have plenty of . '' 
 `` you would say that , '' wodenhill said wryly . 
 `` you two are chums and will say anything to help each other out . '' 
 i got a quick wink from lyons , who said , `` if you say so , sir . 
 but nonetheless i do believe it is worth investigating . 
 there is no harm in looking into the matter . 
 if someone is nicking our supplies , then it certainly could n't hurt to know . '' 
 he handed the book back to wodenhill who weighed it in his hand . 
 `` good , '' he said . 
 `` i 'll make sure this book reaches the right hands . 
 the colonel will be most interested in this matter . 
 theft from an officer and murder are serious matters . '' 
 `` do n't forget these , sir , '' i said and handed the sheaf of papers over to him . 
 he nodded and said , `` you should know this is on the hush-hush , but this death of meadowes could n't come at a worst time . '' 
 `` how is that ? '' 
 lyons asked . 
 `` i 've heard there is going to be a big push against the germans soon , and now we 're suddenly short of two experienced officers . 
 we will have to dig up a replacement quickly , and smythe is not going to have an easy time of it . 
 so the colonel and i need you two to be on your best behavior . 
 keep the men in line and drilled . 
 make sure carter does his job too . 
 this is going to be a very big offensive and every unit up and down the front line is going to be involved . '' 
 `` so we 're finally going to take it to the germans ? '' 
 lyons asked grimly . 
 i guess he was n't the type that wanted to charge over the top to glory . 
 after tonight , i could n't blame him . 
 we were going to run into nothing but barbwire , shrapnel and bullets . 
 `` this is going to end the war , lieutenant , '' wodenhill exclaimed . 
 `` do n't worry , sir , we will do our best , '' lyons said sourly . 
 `` yes , '' i agreed and hastily added in a salute . 
 `` good , gentlemen . 
 mind what i said and keep this information to yourselves . 
 but make sure to get your men prepared too . '' 
 he saluted both of us and left by the front door . 
 it slammed heavily against the frame . 
 `` he 's an insufferable ass , '' lyons said and shot me a nasty grin . 
 behind me came a low chuckle from the sergeant . 
 though i had no reason to be happy , i returned my friend 's look with a smile . 
 i said , `` it 's a wonder that he ever became a captain . '' 
 `` oh , he 's smythe 's golden boy . 
 he can do no wrong in his eyes . 
 you meet that type all over this army . 
 it 's a wonder that the boche do n't sweep right over us with those kinds of staff officers leading from the back of us . '' 
 chapter 7 the past meadowes 's replacement was some old fellow they dug up from who-knows-where . 
 captain bryant was new army and used to be a lawyer at some well-respected family firm . 
 he was a thin , reedy man with a tidy mustache and arrogant airs . 
 right from the start , he complained about our lack of discipline and seemed to mostly target me for extra criticism . 
 perhaps he did n't like americans , or maybe it was just me , but at this point i did n't care . 
 i found his attitude most annoying . 
 i ran into his type at my old office . 
 he was more concerned about the rules than trying to actually get something accomplished . 
 under his leadership , there was always more work to be done . 
 because of him , we were out all night expanding our forward trenches and filling sandbags . 
 the men grumbled , and i could n't blame them since this activity only made the germans more suspicious . 
 every night there was a stream of dead and wounded as the enemy shells targeted our working parties . 
 the men had been comfortable where we were and did n't like poking their heads above the parapet unless they had to . 
 not that i could blame them - after prentice had been wounded , morale had fallen like a rock . 
 no longer did we feel invincible . 
 the casualties from that night had been a lesson in humility . 
 the enemy had a heavily defended position that would be nigh impossible to crack with the firepower we had available . 
 there just were n't enough men and guns to do the job . 
 it was with great joy when we finally received news that prentice was going to make it through alive . 
 there was also good reason to believe that he would be returning to us soon . 
 they even postponed sending his replacement which was further proof of his future recovery . 
 i know he and i were not close friends , but i still missed his sour disposition . 
 it was odd to feel that way about him , but the circumstances of living in the trench had that effect on a man . 
 i had even forgiven lyons for his offhand manner of that terrible night . 
 he was dealing with the horrors of this war in his own way . 
 who was i to judge him ? 
 i should remember to mention childs . 
 ever since that night , he became quite friendly towards me . 
 personally i found it annoying and wanted to thrash the bugger . 
 lyons told me not to mind him , but the corporal nonetheless bothered me . 
 i could feel his mocking eyes carefully watching every move i made . 
 he seemed to be everywhere , and perhaps it was my imagination , but the man made every effort to attach himself to me . 
 he was somehow part of every work party i commanded . 
 owens was always nearby . 
 i found his constant attention quite unsettling . 
 since the death of meadowes , he had decided to take it upon himself to be my personal bodyguard . 
 he was a simple man with strong loyalties , so i suppose i should commend him for it . 
 but when you 're busy and trying to take care of your duties it can be a bit difficult with someone always over your shoulder . 
 whenever possible i had to order him away so i could complete my work . 
 a week after meadowes 's death , i heard nothing new concerning the investigation that was supposed to have started . 
 there should have been something useful in that book , but even the damned red-caps did not come to question me . 
 when i had a spare moment , i even gave wodenhill a call from the hq , but he rudely told me that the investigation was currently going on , and i would be contacted soon enough . 
 he told me to be patient and soon everything would be sorted out . 
 that was army bureaucracy for you -- ploddingly slow and inept . 
 i 'd thought and thought about what had happened to the captain . 
 honestly it crowded my mind at times , especially when it was quiet and i was trying to sleep . 
 we knew we could all die any day -- that was readily apparent right now . 
 a stray bullet , a night watch that ended up being your last , even someone on your own side could shoot you by accident . 
 but being murdered was not what meadowes had signed up for . 
 he 'd been in the army , he knew the risks , but yet he continued to serve . 
 the war ground on , and for the next day we were kept busy with our duties . 
 i could n't help notice that there was an increased amount of train and truck traffic in our area . 
 deeper behind our lines , many artillery guns were being placed , and massive amounts of shells were also being brought up . 
 something big was definitely going on and everyone seemed to know about it . 
 talk was everywhere about the big push . 
 even the germans must have known that something was about to happen . 
 finally , during one chilly morning meeting , captain bryant confirmed our worst fears and began describing our next operation . 
 `` you may have noticed that a large number of artillery is being placed behind us , '' he said , blowing through that ridiculous mustache of his . 
 `` i did notice that , '' carter chimed in . 
 i was absently stirring my cup of tea and barely looked up at the new captain . 
 i wanted a good cup of coffee , but you would swear the british had never heard of the stuff . 
 `` grant , i hope you are paying attention , '' bryant said to me , chiding me like some schoolboy . 
 `` yes , sir , '' i replied glumly and cupped my hand under my chin in mock boredom . 
 `` i might as well tell you before you hear the rumor , '' he continued on . 
 `` there is going to be a big push soon , and we 're taking a small part in it . '' 
 bryant then gave us a rare smile which sent a chill down my spine and said , `` this is going to be a multi-unit operation , and i 'm personally going to make sure we reach our objective . 
 the germans have been complacent along our lines for far too long , and the french need our help because of that mess at verdun . 
 according to them , we have n't been pulling our weight . '' 
 `` damn frogs , '' lyons muttered darkly . 
 ignoring him , bryant went on . 
 he said , `` the french forces have become bogged down at verdun , so general haig has agreed to help . 
 we 're going to relieve the pressure on the french by mounting our own attack . 
 the germans are tied down fighting them , so we 're not expecting too much resistance along the somme front . '' 
 i let out a snort and said , `` the boche has given us enough trouble here already , sir . 
 just look at what happened to lieutenant prentice . '' 
 `` i heard about that , but do n't let that worry you . 
 there is going to be a massive bombardment starting in another week . 
 there is going to be enough shells dropping down on the germans to destroy their trenches , dugouts , artillery and supply network . 
 i doubt if there is going to be anything left over there to stop us . 
 trust me gentlemen , it will be an easy walk over . '' 
 he gave us another version of his smile , a frightful leer which did nothing to improve my confidence . 
 i said doubtfully , `` the shelling that we gave thee enemy did little to help prentice . 
 the barbwire entanglements were still there when he tried to scout out their lines . '' 
 carter looked between the captain and me as if expecting a bit of fisticuffs . 
 `` grant has a point , sir , '' lyons said as he pushed his cup of tea away . 
 `` our shells do nothing but blow the barbwire up and drop it down to the ground again . 
 we need something heavier that can cut through that wire . '' 
 a dull thud of distant shells seemed to punctuate his words . 
 bryant sighed . 
 `` gentlemen , i 've been assured that all of this has been considered by command . 
 this shelling is going to last for a week and will include plenty of high explosives . 
 there wo n't be anything left of the german line by the time we are scheduled to push off . 
 we will be part of the thirteen divisions taking part in this operation in tandem , so we must do our part to make it work . 
 the entire line will be moving forward . 
 the enemy wo n't be able to defend against such an enormous attack . 
 we will take over their first lines , and once they have been secured , we will hold them until the reserves come to continue on . 
 we have the easy part , but mind you it still is important . '' 
 lyons looked at me and gave a quick shake of his head . 
 his face betrayed his emotions -- we were going to get killed out there . 
 the fool captain must have read our thoughts for then he said , `` we do have our orders , gentlemen . '' 
 `` yes we do , '' my friend replied bitterly . 
 he got up and stalked out of the room without saying a further word . 
 bryant shot me a scathing look as i stood up to follow . 
 carter just gaped at me . 
 giving a quick salute to the captain , i went out to follow lyons . 
 he was ahead of me , moving quickly down one of the communication trenches towards our billet . 
 i caught up to him and began walking next to him . 
 `` those damn fools are going to get us all killed , '' he said sourly . 
 `` what can we do about it ? '' 
 i asked as we climbed out of the trenches and started taking the road into town . 
 he shot me a dark look and shook his head . 
 his eyes were sick with worry . 
 i began to question the man 's sanity . 
 perhaps he had been here for far too long . 
 the pressure of everyday death was enough to make the bravest man crack . 
 i would never have suspected lyon to be afraid , but i could see the fear bubbling underneath . 
 i just hoped the fellow would n't break before we had to go over the top . 
 `` why do n't you go and get some rest ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i recently picked up a bottle of good whiskey and we could have a couple of snorts . '' 
 he nodded weakly and said nothing for the rest of our walk back to the billet . 
 chapter 8 the present it was that wonderfully quiet part of the morning . 
 the nurses and doctors were scurrying about and paying no attention to my needs . 
 i could hear the click of the nurses ' hard heels echoing down the marble hallway . 
 the guards outside my doorway were sitting on their chairs and conversing in low tones . 
 nurse pennington had already come and gone with the promise of stopping by later to hear the rest of my story . 
 she had spent the night patiently hearing my side of the remarkable events that i took part in . 
 whether she really believed me or not remained to be seen . 
 the dishes from my breakfast were piled on a tray that was balanced precariously on the side table . 
 by any stretch of the imagination it had been rather poor fare , but compared to the food in the trenches , i considered it fine dining . 
 i had asked repeatedly for coffee , but i was still getting weak tea cut with sour milk . 
 still , if this was a poor lot for an officer , i hated to think what the regular soldier would receive at their hospitals . 
 i got around to thinking of my own problems . 
 this damned leg was hurting something furious and would impede any possible escape . 
 but no matter what , i was n't going to give them the pleasure of having me put against a wall and shot . 
 there had to be some way to get out of here . 
 i racked my brains thinking of a plan . 
 i was hoping i could count on nurse pennington to help out . 
 she seemed most interested in my story . 
 perhaps with some further persuasion she would be willing to risk a spot of trouble on my behalf . 
 it may sound cold-hearted to use someone like that , but i was in desperate straits . 
 some loud voices broke my reverie . 
 i craned my neck to see who was there . 
 my heart leaped and any remaining self-pity faded once i saw lyons talking to the guards . 
 he was handing over a few of his choice cigarettes and giving them a round of smiles all around . 
 they gave him the nod to pass . 
 with a knock on the open door , he walked into my room with a broad grin pasted on his face . 
 `` well , well , lieutenant grant . 
 are you fit enough to stand at attention yet ? '' 
 `` not quite , '' i replied and waved him to the chair . 
 i was excited to see my old friend , but i pretended to be nonchalant ; i had n't realized how much i 'd missed him . 
 it occurred to me that i 'd love to see any familiar face i knew , even carter or prentice . 
 he drew up the side chair and sat down . 
 leaning back he surveyed my room with some interest . 
 `` planning to move in ? '' 
 i asked sarcastically . 
 `` i 'm just seeing how the better half lives , '' he replied with a wink . 
 `` it is almost worth getting wounded for such posh surroundings . 
 and the nurses here are something else . '' 
 `` yes , they are , '' i admitted . 
 he gave me a wolfish leer . 
 i asked , `` tell me , what is happening at the regiment ? 
 is there any news ? '' 
 `` i 'm afraid there is nothing to report yet , but i just stopped by to make sure you were doing well here at the hospital . '' 
 `` well enough , '' i said tersely . 
 `` but what am i going to do ? 
 i do n't know how much time i have left . 
 once they have me patched up , it will be time for a short court-martial and then off to be shot . '' 
 there must have been some evident panic in my eyes since lyons stared momentarily at me before he continued talking . 
 his voice was low and soothing as he said , `` look old man , i 'll do what i can for you , but i 'm afraid there is little evidence to go on . 
 i 'm sure something will turn up that can prove you are innocent . '' 
 i watched him warily , feeling as if i had lost all hope . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` come on there , do n't worry . 
 things will work out for you . 
 you 've had enough scrapes with death for me to know that you 're a lucky bastard . '' 
 my reply was cut off by the arrival of nurse pennington who had already walked quietly into the room . 
 she looked over lyons with an appraising eye before saying , `` i hope i 'm not interrupting anything , gentlemen . '' 
 `` oh no , '' i said . 
 `` and who is this ? '' 
 my friend asked with interest as he rose politely from the chair . 
 `` nurse pennington , may i introduce you to lieutenant lyons . '' 
 the fool actually gave her a bow and kissed her hand . 
 she looked at him with a knowing expression . 
 it gave me a slight twinge of jealousy . 
 `` pennington ? '' 
 lyons asked . 
 he sat down . 
 `` certainly not the pennington family of hallam fields ? '' 
 she blushed and gave a little curtsy . 
 `` i 'm afraid so . '' 
 `` so you must be ellen pennington . 
 i thought you looked familiar . 
 surely you must remember me . 
 i 've actually been up to your place a few times with friends . '' 
 `` i 'm afraid i do n't remember you , '' she said with obvious embarrassment . 
 `` i 'm hardly surprised . 
 they were such big get-togethers , so i must have faded into the woodwork . '' 
 `` i ca n't imagine you fading in the background , '' i muttered darkly . 
 this was all news to me . 
 i had imagined ellen sitting around the family home , knitting and wishing for some man to come along and sweep her off her feet . 
 in reality she was having mobs of people over for drinks and who knows what else . 
 were there so many men over at her home that she did n't even recognize lyons ? 
 my mind boggled at the idea . 
 he was hardly forgettable . 
 lyons went on and said , `` you see , grant , ellen here is quite famous , in the right circles , for her weekend parties . 
 we all had a bit of fun with tennis , drinks , a bit of polo and some dancing . 
 her father is always out of the house , so we 've certainly had our jollies while he was gone . '' 
 `` i see , '' i said coldly . 
 i really did n't want to hear more of this , but i also did n't want to show how jealous i was . 
 ellen met my eyes for a moment and then looked away . 
 her cheeks were turning red with embarrassment . 
 she said , `` i 'm afraid to say that those parties got quite out of hand . '' 
 `` oh rather , '' lyons said and gave me a wink . 
 she gave lyons a withering stare and said , `` i have some other duties to attend to . 
 i shall stop by later in the day to check the bandages . '' 
 she took off in haste without a further word . 
 i could hear her fast steps clicking down the hallway . 
 lyons had been watching her exit with interest and when he finally turned to me , he gave a low whistle . 
 `` some soldiers have all the luck . 
 here i was thinking you were lonely with some troll of a nurse at your side , and instead you have an angel like that looking after you . '' 
 my stomach felt sour . 
 i said , `` what can you tell me about her ? 
 i 'm surprised that you know her at all . '' 
 `` really ? 
 you must realize that england is a smaller country than america . 
 the aristocratic crowd makes for even a smaller group of people than you could imagine . 
 but i can tell you that she was a popular girl . 
 plenty of blokes were after her . '' 
 `` like yourself ? '' 
 `` me ? '' 
 he asked with surprise . 
 `` you give me too much credit . 
 you must trust me when i say that i never had any such designs on her . 
 she was always out of my league . 
 but you seem to be doing rather well with her . 
 i can tell you that you 're getting further along than anyone i ever knew . '' 
 those words made me feel better , but i said innocently , `` i do n't know what you 're talking about . '' 
 `` look , old man , i can tell you 're interested in her -- that 's obvious enough to me . 
 and i thought we two were comrades . 
 there is no reason we should be hiding anything from each other . '' 
 he leaned back in his chair as if he had proved his point . 
 a lighter and cigarette was flipped out . 
 he was soon smoking away . 
 `` you 've been too long in the trenches , what do you know ? '' 
 he grinned and said , `` i remember our trip to paris . 
 you were doing well enough with a certain girl there . '' 
 i let out a laugh . 
 `` she was a prostitute - of course i was doing well since i had a pocketful of cash . '' 
 `` i still say you have a way with women . 
 a girl like ellen pennington is a rare catch let me tell you . '' 
 `` how are things with the regiment ? '' 
 i asked to change the subject . 
 i did n't wish to discuss my love life with lyons . 
 he had nothing to offer but bad advice . 
 `` you asked me that already . 
 you mean , how are your men doing ? 
 i know you miss them . '' 
 i shrugged my shoulders . 
 `` part of me does . 
 i 'm not sure why . '' 
 `` that 's easy enough -- you 're like a father to them . 
 they look to you for guidance in a dangerous world . '' 
 `` and led them through hell and back , '' i said grimly . 
 `` they do n't look at it that way . 
 they know that you 're trapped in circumstances beyond your control much like they are . 
 they know that you 're looking out for their best interest - at least as well as can be expected in this war . 
 do n't worry , your men are doing just fine . 
 they still wonder how you ended up here in the hospital since they were beginning to think you were invincible . 
 but word of why you are here has not been forthcoming , and i certainly have n't said anything to them . '' 
 i nodded and reached over for a cigarette . 
 lyons lit it for me and patted me on the shoulder . 
 `` i 'm afraid i must be off . 
 i did n't exactly come here with permission from the powers-that-be . '' 
 `` thanks for taking the risk and for taking the time to see me . '' 
 he got up and gave me a wink . 
 `` do n't let the bastards grind you down . 
 you 'll be up and about soon enough . 
 i 'll see that you 're set free of this gross injustice and we can go visit paris again . '' 
 `` i would like that . '' 
 `` i know you would , '' lyons said and with a wave of his hand he was off . 
 he stopped to thank the guards and then his footsteps faded down the hall . 
 i suddenly felt lonely and realized i could n't wait until ellen came by to dress my wound . 
 it was good to unburden my story on her . 
 she was a good listener and a good woman too . 
 maybe lyons was right and she was a good catch . 
 to take my mind off of her , i thought of my trip to paris . 
 lyons and i had gone there for a day on leave . 
 it was before the start of the great push . 
 colonel smythe had decided , after our bad experience out in no man 's land , that a little rest and relaxation was in order . 
 we were given just one night away , but that was a gift i gladly took . 
 so with my friend as my guide , we had set out for paris . 
 lyons had been there many times before and promised we would have a good time . 
 so with a happy heart , i left my company behind under my sergeant 's care , and we caught the train . 
 the train trip was long , but i did n't mind it in the least . 
 the cars swayed and bucked while my face stayed glued to the window . 
 it was amazing the number of soldiers and transports i saw . 
 a large amount of men were certainly being moved to the front . 
 but best of all was the untouched countryside -- green with the summer sun baking the ground . 
 the farms and villages sped by with few words passing between lyons and myself . 
 after living in the trenches , one forgot that another world still existed . 
 `` you 're enjoying this trip , '' he remarked . 
 i nodded . 
 `` the trenches are claustrophobic . 
 it is strange to be somewhere where you 're not surrounded constantly by death . '' 
 he motioned towards the other officers riding in the train and said , `` death is everywhere . 
 this train could crash . 
 we would all be dead in an instant . '' 
 `` you 're a gloomy sort , '' i shot back . 
 `` hardly , '' he said with a smirk . 
 `` i 'm just a realist . 
 being on the front lines just sharpens the mind and makes you realize how frail life is . 
 it makes you realize that you have to take what you want out of life before it takes you . '' 
 `` there are laws in this world , '' i reminded him . 
 `` i know that , '' he mumbled and turned his own attention back to the passing landscape . 
 when we arrived at paris that evening , the sheer beauty of it all was unexpected . 
 the city was brightly lit up , and a gay , carnival atmosphere ran through the crowded streets . 
 people were laughing with a number of drunken soldiers staggering about . 
 prostitutes were also prowling the streets , trying to deal in their trade . 
 it was like the war was far away and of little concern to them all . 
 i had to admit it made me angry thinking of the sacrifices my men had given for these people . 
 `` now what is the matter ? '' 
 lyons asked as he led me through the maze of streets . 
 `` you 've been very quiet . '' 
 `` it 's these people here . 
 it just does n't seem right . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` you 'll get used to it . 
 the men and women here do n't know what war is about . 
 they are n't out there on the lines like us . 
 do n't blame them for being sane enough to stay away from it all . 
 if the germans broke through then they would be clamoring for our help and blaming us if we did n't come to their aid . 
 `` it 's still not right , '' i growled . 
 `` i think you need to relax and have a drink before we get to the hotel . 
 i know a nice little place where the booze is good and cheap . 
 it will pick you up before we go on to see the rest of the city . '' 
 `` maybe you are right , '' i agreed and let him take me by the arm . 
 we walked a few blocks to a little dive that was filled with soldiers and women . 
 i was never sure who was a prostitute or just a local girl , but they were everywhere trying to get a drink bought . 
 lyons ordered the best whiskey they had , and we began some serious drinking . 
 i 'm normally not a heavy drinker and was soon slurring my words as we tried to talk over the din . 
 soon a pretty , petite black-haired girl came to our table . 
 she kept slipping her arms around my shoulders and demanding i buy her a drink . 
 `` achetez-moi une boisson le général ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i did n't know enough french to exactly understand her , but i knew what she wanted . 
 `` oui , '' i snorted and waved over to the harried waiter . 
 `` whisky s ` il vous plaît , '' she said to the waiter . 
 he was a slick-looking devil with a wax-pointed mustache . 
 i saw him give the girl a little wink and even in my drunken state , i realized she was working the crowd for the money . 
 sure enough , when the waiter came back with the whiskey , i grabbed it out of his hand and before he could stop me , i gave it a sip . 
 it was nothing but brown-colored water . 
 i handed the drink to the girl and paid the waiter anyways . 
 she did n't look too happy that her ruse had been discovered . 
 she gave me a hard pout . 
 lyons let out a laugh and poured another drink from our bottle . 
 he looked none the worse for wear , but it always took plenty of whiskey to put him under the table . 
 `` you do n't need to fool me , '' i said to the girl . 
 `` i 'll buy you a drink anyways . '' 
 she smiled and said in a sweetly-accented english , `` thank you . '' 
 `` so you do know english . '' 
 `` a little bit - enough to get around . '' 
 i put my arm around here and rested my head against her shoulder . 
 `` you 're a very pretty girl . '' 
 `` you 're not the first to say so , '' she said as she gently pushed me away to a more upright position . 
 `` no reason to be sore . 
 i said i 'll buy you a real drink . 
 what will you have ? '' 
 `` just a little wine , '' she said and to my surprise actually sat a little closer to me . 
 i snapped my fingers for the waiter and ordered a glass of red wine for the girl . 
 lyons looked over his glass and gave me a smile . 
 `` you 're a fast worker over there . 
 are n't you going to introduce me to your friend ? '' 
 `` ah , what is your name again ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 she gave me a grin and said `` i have n't told you yet . 
 but you can call me pauline . '' 
 `` pauline , '' i said to try out the name . 
 `` and what a pretty name you have to match such a pretty face . 
 my name is william . '' 
 `` oh , you are smooth , '' my comrade butted in . 
 i shot him a dirty look and then tried to ignore him . 
 `` pauline , this here is my friend lieutenant lyons . 
 he 's an insufferable ass , but i trust him with my life . 
 so tell me do you really work here ? '' 
 `` of course , you silly boy . 
 i have to make money to live . 
 though getting soldiers to buy me drinks is not much money . '' 
 she tasted her wine and after setting down the glass she snuggled in closer to me . 
 `` you see working here is so very hard . 
 i 'm just a country girl trying to make a living . 
 when the germans came , i ran away in fear to paris . 
 this was the only job i could find . '' 
 `` it 's a sad story alright , '' i said and took another drink . 
 not that i believed a word of it . 
 it was some type of patter she had come up with to please the customers . 
 a little sympathy will get you a little more money . 
 i looked across the table and saw that lyons was busy talking to a pretty brunette of his own . 
 `` we 're lucky you british were here to save the day , '' pauline said coyly . 
 `` i 'm sure paris would have fallen if it had n't been for your bravery . '' 
 i laughed a little bit and said , `` i 'm afraid i 'm not british , my dear . 
 i 'm an american . '' 
 her eyes widened . 
 she said , `` an american ? 
 i thought your accent was rather odd for a brit . 
 please tell me all about america . 
 is it true that you all wear six shooters , cowboy hats and duel each other in the streets ? '' 
 `` hardly , '' i said . 
 `` you 've been watching too many movies . 
 we 're rather civilized and do the same kind of things you do here . '' 
 i shot her a smile and said in a low voice , `` though i 'm not sure my mother would approve of me being here with a girl as beautiful as you . 
 it may lead me into temptation . '' 
 `` i think i can show you the way , '' she giggled . 
 `` come with me . '' 
 she stood up and took me by the hand . 
 i quickly tapped lyons on the shoulder and gave him the wink . 
 he stood up and said , `` do n't be gone long , or else we will miss our sign-in time at the hotel . '' 
 `` damn the hotel , '' i spat out . 
 any further protests by him were drowned out by the crowd . 
 pauline led me past the bar , away from the noisy revelers and up a flight of stairs . 
 my knees felt less steady as i climbed behind her , watching the belt of her dress move back and forth as she climbed each step . 
 the rumble below became muted as we walked down a dark hallway with creaking wooden floors . 
 we went past several doors where i could hear laughter and a few frenzied groans from inside . 
 coming to the end of the hallway , a little window was open and blew in a cool breeze . 
 she stopped to turn and face me . 
 `` this here is the door to my room . 
 i 'm afraid if you want to come in it will cost you . '' 
 i leaned against the window frame and felt the cool night air blowing gently against my face . 
 my head was pounding with drink , and my throat felt burned by a hundred cigarettes . 
 but i nonetheless nodded and said , `` i 'll pay . '' 
 `` very well , william - come in and spend the night with me . '' 
 unlocking the door , she let me in and lit an old oil lamp . 
 it was a cheap little room with a bed that was too large for the space , a mess of clothes scattered on the floor and broken-down dresser with a cracked mirror balanced on top . 
 she had also hung up travel posters on the wall . 
 the total effect reminded me of some teenage girl 's messy bedroom . 
 `` have a seat , '' she said and motioned me towards the bed . 
 i took her advice and watched as she shut the door and stood in front of the mirror . 
 she reached back and unzipped her dress . 
 it fell to the floor . 
 she was now standing there in a faded chemise . 
 her legs were long and beautiful like a dancer . 
 in the reflection of the mirror , she caught me looking at her . 
 she gave me a shy smile . 
 `` do you like what you see ? '' 
 she purred . 
 `` oui , '' i answered . 
 `` now take of your boots and trousers . 
 a man always looks like he is going somewhere when he is sitting on a bed wearing boots . '' 
 i nodded and pulled my boots off . 
 the trousers and braces soon dropped to the floor . 
 i took off my wool soldier shirt . 
 it felt good to be free of the damned itchy thing . 
 she turned the oil light low until only a flicker of light remained . 
 we were cast in shadow , and she got into bed next to me . 
 she slid under the covers . 
 i did likewise . 
 we laid there for a moment , and i could smell her long hair . 
 it smelled good and clean . 
 `` do you get lonely out at the front ? '' 
 she whispered into my ear with her lips nuzzling against my face . 
 `` you 're never truly alone out there . 
 but i miss being near and talking with a woman . '' 
 `` do you think i 'm beautiful ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` very , '' i replied with a voice that sounded hoarse to my ears . 
 `` for a start , why do n't you try kissing me , '' she said and nibbled on my ear . 
 so i turned over and kissed her . 
 her mouth was cool and unresponsive . 
 she gently kissed me back in a reserved fashion and whispered , `` tell me , do you have a girl back home ? '' 
 `` i 'm afraid not , '' i said honestly . 
 `` i thought so . 
 you do n't seem distracted with guilt . 
 i should hate to take you away if there was someone else in your life . '' 
 `` no worries there , '' i said . 
 `` now i 'm going to shut off the light , and you 're going to make love to me . '' 
 she got up . 
 i watched as she stood in front of the flickering light facing me . 
 she pulled her chemise off and stood there momentarily to let me see her entire body . 
 she slowly spun around for effect and then leaned over and blew out the wick . 
 it had been a beautiful sight . 
 pauline got back in bed . 
 leaning over my ear she whispered , `` now you can kiss me again . '' 
 so i did . 
 this time it was warm and responsive . 
 chapter 9 the present - ellen 's story i found grant 's friend lyons quite the bore . 
 i have to admit i pretended not to remember him from those days of my past , but how could i forget someone like him ? 
 he practically went out of his way to embarrass me in front of william . 
 it reminded me of his annoying actions at my little past get-togethers . 
 he and his friends were always getting into things and upsetting my father . 
 poor old father hated to have the garden disturbed and his library made a mess of . 
 my friends and i eventually had to stop having those parties since we were always being interrupted by lyons and his ilk . 
 still , those were good times , and now i could hardly fault him for his boyish enthusiasm back then . 
 this war has certainly changed anyone it touches and i imagine it has also changed him as well . 
 strange to think that i 'd ever be sorry the parties had to end . 
 compared to the present , the past seemed so much better . 
 i just had hoped we would n't cross paths again , or at least he could keep his mouth shut . 
 there are so many stories he could tell william and the male imagination has a tendency towards exaggeration . 
 however , i think william would be too much of a gentleman to believe them . 
 and they were such trifling matters anyways . 
 an indiscreet kiss in the potting shed is hardly a marriage proposal . 
 anyways , i continued to report to major radford every night to fill him in on william 's story . 
 the major seemed more haggard with every passing day , and i could only wonder what he was up to . 
 when i asked him for an update , he just shook his head and said it would be better if i knew nothing of his activities . 
 well , i do know something , and that is that william has to be innocent . 
 i have detected no lies or evasiveness from him . 
 i just hope that truth wins out in the end . 
 chapter 10 the past captain bryant was true to his word . 
 the heavy shelling started the day we arrived back from paris . 
 the artillery guns behind our position pounded on , creating a maddening din of noise . 
 at first a great cheer went up since across the way , we could see the german lines being battered with a heavy rain of shells . 
 not a man stirred over there , and we all hoped when the time came to cross over , there would n't be anyone left to oppose us . 
 but soon enough the constant barrage began to tell on our own nerves and put everyone in the most foul mood . 
 out on the front line , we had to shout to be heard and repeat ourselves many times , our voices getting hoarser and hoarser . 
 i could only imagine how the boche were dealing with it . 
 this shelling went on day after day , and i was having more than enough of the noise . 
 with captain bryant and his constant drilling of the soldiers , it was with happy heart that i was given a bit of time away from my duties . 
 the morning was clear and since it was good hunting weather , i decided to go out looking for game . 
 of course i had to bring owens with me . 
 he practically forced himself to go along . 
 i was in no mood to argue with the man . 
 so we picked up our rifles and headed away from the stench of the trenches and into the wooded hills behind us . 
 before going through the town , we had to walk through the line of artillery . 
 there we could see the men working feverishly away . 
 sweat was pouring off of their brows as they slaved away , stripped to the waist . 
 towels were tied around their heads , and they moved like automatons feeding the metallic beasts . 
 shells were being loaded , the gun pounded away , and the empty shell cases dropped off to the side . 
 then the whole operation was repeated ad nauseum . 
 hundreds of casings littered the ground , and men with dog carts were busy moving more shells up . 
 i could n't even imagine the amount of explosives we were dumping on those damned germans . 
 owens and i did not stop long to watch . 
 it was with light heart that we left the village behind us and began to climb into the woods before the distant rolling hills . 
 the sound of the artillery began to diminish somewhat and began to sound like a distant storm rolling in . 
 it was rather pleasant to finally hear the chirp of the birds and see a countryside free of lead and bloodied steel . 
 after an hour of hiking slowly upwards , we paused for a rest . 
 i sat down , put my rifle gently on the ground and uncorked my canteen to take a gulp of water . 
 owens stood and cautiously watched the surrounding woods . 
 he held his rifle at the ready and seemed to be scanning for some unknown enemy . 
 `` go on and have a rest , sergeant . 
 there is no reason to keep any kind of army discipline right now . 
 there is no reason why we should be attacked here . '' 
 `` if you say so , sir , '' he said and dropped down on his haunches to dig into his pack . 
 he brought out a tin of peaches which we split . 
 i did n't ask where he got the canned fruit since we had n't had any kind of good food for a long time . 
 the sweetness of the fruit tasted good on this hot summer day . 
 i noticed that owens still seemed tense and watched our surroundings carefully . 
 he did n't look very relaxed at all , so i asked , `` anything the matter ? '' 
 `` no , sir , '' he said rather too quickly . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 i asked in puzzlement . 
 `` you just seem a bit on edge . '' 
 `` old habits die hard , sir , '' he said and gave me the briefest of smiles . 
 the habits of a poacher , i thought to myself . 
 not wanting to push the issue , i shrugged my shoulders and let out a deep yawn . 
 the air was clear up here , and i had half a mind to take nap , but the restless nature of owens finally made me stand up and keep on moving . 
 `` let 's go find us some game , sergeant , '' i said . 
 we continued down a rough trail and found some recent deer tracks that we began to follow . 
 it was rough going , pushing through the branches and climbing up to the ridge , but the exercise felt good . 
 as we walked , we kept quiet as we could . 
 only a few murmured words passed between us . 
 deer are easily spooked , so i was surprised they would even be about with the crash of the artillery battering away at the silence of the woods . 
 but i suppose even the animals could grow used to the cacophony of our man-made disaster . 
 hearing a rustle of leaves behind us , i stopped and motioned for owens to be silent . 
 he must have heard the sound before i did since we both turned and raised our rifles in expectation . 
 we waited and i could hear the thump of my heart over the low rumble of artillery in the distance . 
 a rivulet of sweat broke across my forehead , and i blinked heavily as it dripped into my eyes . 
 a nearby tree creaked . 
 the wind gently blew across the treetops . 
 we waited that way for another minute and did not hear another sound . 
 looking back at my sergeant , i saw his face was tight with concentration . 
 i mumbled , `` must have been a falling branch . '' 
 he slowly nodded and began following me again . 
 out of the corner of my eye , i saw him stop at intervals to look suspiciously behind us . 
 the day was turning out to be a warm one , and my wool uniform felt sodden with perspiration . 
 i motioned for owens to stop and pulled out my canteen . 
 after taking a deep drink , i stopped it up again and dropped to my haunches to rest . 
 my legs ached from our slow climb and it felt good to stretch them out . 
 `` do you think we are getting closer ? '' 
 i asked him in low tones . 
 he had been oddly quiet all morning , not that he ever been the sort to run off at the mouth . 
 `` you never know with deer , sir , '' he softly answered back . 
 `` with all those shells going off they are probably a bit spooked . 
 but it is hard to hear anything up here and that could turn out to be to our advantage . '' 
 `` true , '' i agreed with him . 
 after another moment , we continued along the ridge . 
 there was another faint rustle of leaves and not twenty feet away in front of us , out popped a fawn behind a copse of trees . 
 i raised my rifle in surprise , but did not fire . 
 i heard owens let out a breath , and i watched as the mother came out . 
 i stayed quiet and watched as they walked out of sight . 
 in the deep green of the forest , they made a beautiful pair . 
 `` why did n't you fire , sir ? '' 
 the sergeant asked . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i replied . 
 i really did know , but i was n't about to tell him . 
 i realized at that moment that i did n't feel like hunting game anymore . 
 there was enough bloodshed right now . 
 why should i add anything more to it ? 
 it was a sentimental notion , but it sat hard inside of me . 
 `` let 's keep going , '' i finally said . 
 `` i could almost taste that venison , '' owens added as we walked away . 
 hearing him mention it conjured up the smell of cooking for me . 
 i shook it off as the fresh image of the deer came back to me . 
 we walked on . 
 the trees became sparse as we reached the top of the hill . 
 the sun shone brightly up here . 
 we both turned and in the distance below , we could see the broken village of deveaux . 
 no man 's land stretched from the north to south horizon and looked like a brown ragged scar against the green fields . 
 small puffs of smoke showed the location of our artillery firing on the enemy lines . 
 with the aid of my field glasses i could see where the shells were landing and the brown patches of dirt being thrown up into the air . 
 there seemed to be hundreds of shells dropping down . 
 the germans must be catching hell . 
 `` is n't it a sight ? '' 
 owens said in disbelief . 
 `` it certainly is , '' i agreed . 
 we spent another few moments trading my field glasses back and forth as we watched the spectacle below . 
 `` poor buggers , '' he commented . 
 i could n't agree with him there . 
 the huns deserved everything they got . 
 in my book , anything that weakened their defensive line was a good thing . 
 we would need all the help we could get once we jumped the sandbags and entered into no man 's land . 
 i frowned at the thought and decided it was time for a smoke . 
 leaning over to put my lee-enfield down on the ground , i felt the momentary sensation of a bullet shattering the air over my head . 
 then i heard the crack of a nearby rifle shot . 
 in the manner of a practiced soldier , i dropped to the ground and saw my sergeant do the same . 
 a few more shots rang out , throwing dirt up into our faces . 
 by nature , owens was a quick thinker and had dropped only to immediately return fire on our unknown assailant . 
 i could n't see what he was shooting at , but i joined in anyways and began peppering the woods below with bullets . 
 i quickly ran through my cartridge of ten . 
 i then loaded quickly . 
 i thanked my lucky stars that my sergeant had decided to go along with me . 
 owens was being more conservative in his shooting and only emptied his clip by the time i had reloaded mine . 
 i held my fire this time and waited . 
 the only thing i could hear was the distant rumble of the artillery . 
 he nodded at me . 
 he reloaded and said , `` bloody hell , sir , that was no german firing at us , it was the sound of a lee-enfield . '' 
 his eyebrows were knitted together in concentration as he slid forward on his belly . 
 through the tufts of grass he peered into the woods and shook his head . 
 `` see anything ? '' 
 i asked cautiously . 
 i noticed my hands were shaking . 
 i pressed them hard into the ground . 
 i was angry . 
 if i had n't leaned over at that exact time , i would be dead by now . 
 `` no , sir . 
 just a couple of bullet holes in those trees we shot up . '' 
 we stood up cautiously and began to make our way back down the hill . 
 there was a rustle of movement and some fifty yards away , i saw the back of a soldier running into the thick forest below . 
 i raised my rifle to fire , but the figure disappeared into a thick stand of trees . 
 `` that was one of ours , '' owens grunted . 
 `` could be a german in disguise , '' i said , but did n't believe it myself . 
 what were the chances of that ? 
 without any further words , we took off after the man . 
 it was a wild chase down the hill with us sliding through the leaves and dodging past the trees . 
 a good place to break an ankle , but i was angry enough not to care . 
 we caught brief glimpses of our quarry , but never had a chance to take a decent shot . 
 we were then forced to stop at a thick stand of pines since we had lost sight of him . 
 panting , i began looking over the ground in front of us . 
 our quarry had either gone to ground or had taken a turn that we missed . 
 `` careful now , '' i warned owens . 
 i did n't want to be ambushed , so there was no reason to rush ahead . 
 anyways , we were bound to catch the man if he made for deveaux . 
 after the forest there was no cover left before the village , since it had all been blown to smithereens . 
 any man crossing that barren ground would be an easy target to find . 
 i held my rifle out in front of me , ready to fire at any movement . 
 owens moved stealthily in front of me and halted every few steps to listen . 
 the air was thick with tension and my hands felt cold , even in the june air . 
 i heard the small crack of a twig breaking and immediately swung and fired my rifle at the sound . 
 that mother deer and her fawn jumped across the path . 
 it took a moment to stop myself from firing on them . 
 my sergeant had fallen to the ground . 
 he was smart enough to know that an errant bullet from me could go anywhere . 
 he looked at me and broke into a grin . 
 `` damn girl almost got herself killed . '' 
 i could n't help but laugh at our predicament . 
 here we were - two experienced hunters , who could n't even track a running man . 
 the bastard must have taken a turn that we missed and meanwhile , we were busy taking potshots at a deer . 
 i motioned him forward again , and we took off in a run to the bottom of the hill . 
 there was still a chance we could get a good shot at the man once he cleared the open land before the village . 
 we breathlessly dropped to the dirt at the edge of the forest and looked over the ground approaching the town . 
 it was once farmland that had been pounded down by months of shelling . 
 i pulled out my field glasses and began going over the broken ground . 
 owens was breathing hard at my elbow . 
 i could feel him jostle with the bolt on his rifle . 
 i quickly picked up the brown uniform of a man crawling along the old shell holes . 
 he was at least a hundred yards away and would soon be in the safety of the buildings of deveaux . 
 my sergeant saw him too and brought up his rifle . 
 before he could fire , i said sharply , `` hold one moment before you take the shot . 
 i want to see who it is before you kill the man . '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' he replied testily . 
 `` there is n't much time . '' 
 our quarry tripped and fell hard onto the ground . 
 he looked back for just a moment in panic and with the help of my field glasses , i would swear it was corporal childs . 
 i dropped the field glasses from my face and shook my head in disbelief . 
 `` should i fire ? '' 
 owens asked impatiently . 
 `` no , i think we 'll have some questions for our corporal childs . '' 
 `` childs ? '' 
 my sergeant was incredulous . 
 `` i 'll show that blighter the back of my hand , '' he spat out . 
 i brought up my field glasses one more time to look at the fleeing figure . 
 i was surprised to also see carter coming down the road . 
 he was walking quickly and looking about in a furtive manner . 
 did he have a part to play in all of this ? 
 * after we worked our way past the artillery and back into our lines , we spent a good hour asking about if anyone had seen corporal childs . 
 none of his cronies knew where he was , so we went back to hq . 
 we found it nearly deserted with only lyons left behind . 
 he was leaning back on a chair with his head resting on the wall of the dugout . 
 looking calm , a half-finished cigarette dangled loosely from his fingertips . 
 a bottle of whiskey was at his elbow , and the glass next to it was half empty . 
 a splash of liquor was pooled on the table with ashes floating on top . 
 his eyes were still clear when he looked up at us . 
 `` have a good hunt ? '' 
 he asked . 
 the thump of our artillery was constant , and even inside the dugout we had to raise our voice to be heard . 
 `` we ran into a spot of trouble , '' i said . 
 `` do you happen to know where corporal childs is ? '' 
 `` childs ? 
 on wodenhill 's orders , he was sent up to the regimental hq just after you left . 
 i delivered the message to him myself . '' 
 `` that bastard took a few shots at us up on that hill , '' i said acidly . 
 i filled him in on what happened during our expedition . 
 he barely raised an eyebrow during the entire telling . 
 `` you have to be joking , '' lyons finally said . 
 `` it 's no joke , sir , '' owens added his bit to the conversation . 
 `` it makes sense if you think about it , '' i said defensively . 
 `` childs must have killed captain meadowes and suspected me of knowing about it . 
 that explains why he was following me lately . 
 he took the chance today of taking a couple of potshots at me . '' 
 `` plenty of soldiers hate their officers , but i ca n't see childs killing old meadowes . 
 for one thing , he is a complete coward . '' 
 `` i know what i saw with my own eyes , '' i replied . 
 `` i saw the damn corporal sneak back into camp after he lost us in the woods . '' 
 lyons lazily wagged his finger at me and said , `` i saw childs leave for the headquarters myself . 
 he hooked a ride on an ammo lorry and looked none too pleased about it . 
 you know how much he hates to work . 
 tell me owens , did you see him out there ? '' 
 `` no , sir . 
 i did not get a chance since i do not have field glasses . '' 
 `` there you go , grant . 
 if you do n't believe me , then we can go and give wodenhill a call . 
 if childs did sneak back to get you , then there is no way he could have gotten back there yet . '' 
 `` go ahead , '' i said defiantly . 
 i could feel the anger rising in me and waited impatiently to be vindicated . 
 lyons nodded and reached over to grab the phone . 
 after a flurry of connections he was eventually calling the right line . 
 `` good afternoon , you bastard , '' he said . 
 he cupped his hand on the receiver and said to me , `` wodenhill . '' 
 lyons had the bad habit of nodding when on the phone as if the person on the other line could see him . 
 `` i 'm calling about corporal childs . 
 is he still there ? 
 what do i mean ? 
 well , has he been there all day ? 
 i see . 
 are you sure ? 
 all day ? 
 thank you . '' 
 he put the phone down . 
 `` well ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` captain wodenhill says that childs has been there all day helping him move some records into storage . '' 
 `` that bastard , '' i said and stormed out of the dugout before my friend could reply . 
 owens trailed behind but did n't say a word . 
 i never saw childs the rest of that week . 
 i suspected that captain wodenhill was keeping him away from me . 
 i did n't really know why that would be , but i could only think of one thing - wodenhill had been in the plot to kill meadowes . 
 it must be related to those papers and book i had found . 
 childs was stealing from the regiment and making a tidy profit for himself . 
 i had no proof since the materials i found were now in the captain 's possession . 
 he must be working along with childs . 
 what other reason could there be ? 
 the only way of seeing justice done was to see colonel smythe and explain my suspicions . 
 later that night at our billet , i tried this theory out with lyons . 
 he called my suggestions absurd and suggested i concentrate on staying alive . 
 after a brief argument , i gave up trying to convince him and instead waited for the moment when colonel smythe visited our lines . 
 he often came to our hq , though he tended to stay away from the very front line . 
 for some reason , that visit never seemed to happen . 
 the colonel must have been too busy with the planning of the upcoming offensive . 
 instead of taking care of childs , i was stuck dealing with my men 's trench foot , drunkenness , and despair . 
 the soldiers were getting nervous of thinking of going over the top , and even with our heavy bombardment of the enemy , they still expected the worst on the day of the big push . 
 not that i could blame them . 
 even with all the propaganda concerning the cowardly ways of the germans , they were truly proficient fighters . 
 we also knew they were dug in deep since they had a long time to fortify their positions . 
 with bryant , we went over the plans given to us by the brass . 
 we even found time outside the village field to practice our movements against some mock german trenches . 
 the staff officers decided we needed to carry everything under the sun with us . 
 there was trenching tools , wire cutters , signal flares , and there was even a designated messenger-pigeon carrier . 
 i think we would have preferred to eat the poor things instead of carrying them along . 
 while all this was going on , i noticed that carter was acting very strangely . 
 it was almost as if he was carrying the weight of the world on his shoulders . 
 perhaps it was fear , for he could not make eye contact with me . 
 i wanted to discuss his presence on the day i was shot at , but he would always mutter something incomprehensible and would skulk off at the first opportunity . 
 the unending thunder of the artillery certainly did n't help anyone . 
 it was constant nuisance , and during one afternoon we did n't even recognize the sound of true thunder until it began raining heavily . 
 every day i would look over the parapet with my periscope and see the damage inflicted by the shells . 
 the enemy trenches were caved-in with torn sandbags and fragmented wooden supports . 
 not a single movement of life could be seen . 
 i could only imagine what if felt like to be them , lying in their bunkers and hearing the constant , unending rumble of the ground being torn up above . 
 it would be enough to drive any man to insanity . 
 but still all that explosive force had done little to their barbed wire . 
 it was still grouped heavily in front of the german works , and only the heaviest of shells could shred it . 
 the wire still looked like a formidable obstacle . 
 i remembered how prentice was stymied by it . 
 it would take several minutes to chew through the wire with a cutter and by then , we would be cut down by machine guns . 
 i just hoped that the last bombardment would be large enough to shred the wire , so we could safely pass through . 
 deveaux was now crowded with men , tents and wagons of supplies . 
 soldiers from other divisions had been moved up and were encamped behind our lines . 
 they were new army recruits , and i confess we had little faith in their performance . 
 this was the first time many of them were to see combat . 
 our veterans grumbled at the idea of a bunch of trigger-happy untested soldiers behind them . 
 but still , if we took the first enemy line then all we had to do was wait for these fools to do their job . 
 it was of little consolation . 
 the funny thing is , the more you dread an upcoming event , the faster time seems to pass . 
 i kept my boys busy as possible with drilling and night trench construction , but the upcoming battle weighed heavily on all our minds . 
 before i knew it , it was the day before the big push , and by that time i was a bundle of raw nerves . 
 that evening , we all had a break before the big day . 
 i went off and found lyons at our billet . 
 he was drinking heavily with an empty bottle at his feet and a half-full one at his elbow . 
 `` mind if i join you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he gazed at me sourly and shoved the bottle towards me . 
 `` suit yourself , '' he replied with a slur to his voice . 
 we had n't been on the friendliest of terms since our last argument , but at this point i was looking for any companionship i could find . 
 i had some real fears about leading the men across no man 's land and did n't know fully what to expect . 
 i took a real hard swig from the bottle and made a face . 
 it was some nasty rotgut that lyons had dug up . 
 `` ca n't keep your liquor down ? '' 
 he sneered at me . 
 then he broke into a frown and said , `` i 'm sorry , grant . 
 i 'm just a bit keyed-up right now . '' 
 `` so am i , '' i admitted . 
 `` feeling a bit nervous about tomorrow ? '' 
 he asked . 
 he pulled the bottle back and took another nip . 
 `` are you ? '' 
 `` oh , it 's nothing . 
 just blow your whistle , climb the ladder , and you 'll be over on the boche side before you know it . '' 
 `` i 've been looking at their wire across the way , and all that artillery has hardly put a dent into it . 
 i do n't want to be stuck on the wrong side and try to cut through the stuff . '' 
 he shrugged his shoulders and said , `` but still , we have to follow our orders - for king and country . '' 
 he saluted in a comical fashion , missing the side of his head . 
 `` it 's not my king or my country , '' i reminded him . 
 `` that 's true , '' he said and sampled another bit of whiskey . 
 `` i bet you wished you had stayed over in america where it is safe and sound . 
 no zeppelin raids , no women working the explosive factories with their skin yellowing from the nitrate , no men dying by the hundreds from this merciless , butcher shop of a war -- you know you 're a damn fool for coming over here . 
 you know it , and i can see it in your eyes . '' 
 i stared at my friend grimly and said , `` but i 'm here anyways . 
 not much i can do about it right now , is there ? '' 
 `` i suppose not . 
 i 'll tell you a story about a major i heard about who tried to escape all of this shit . 
 after the dustup at marne , he got a letter from his brother . 
 turns out the major 's wife had taken up with another man and was living it up on the money that he had left behind . 
 this major was rather well-heeled , so the thought of his money being spent like that was too much for him . 
 he went and led a patrol out to no man 's land . 
 when his men returned , they said their officer had been badly wounded . 
 he told his men to return back to the trench . 
 one week later , that same major was found dressed as a woman trying to board a boat to get back across the channel . 
 he told the police that he was going to shoot his own wife . '' 
 he smiled at his own story . 
 `` what happened to him ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` they wanted to put him against the wall and shoot the poor bugger , but instead they cashiered him out of the service . 
 it just shows that having the right connections is too important in this damned world . 
 mind you , if an enlisted man tried to pull the same stunt , they would have shot him the very same day . '' 
 i nodded sagely . 
 you heard so many stories out here , and you never knew what was true or not . 
 rumors were the order of the day in the trenches . 
 one story would pass from soldier to soldier and grow distorted with each telling . 
 `` lyons , i know you 've been in this game longer than others . 
 what happened when you made your first jump over the bags ? '' 
 a dark shadow passed over his face . 
 his hands reached clumsily for the pack of cigarettes shoved in his breast pocket . 
 he lit one and blew the smoke high into the ceiling above . 
 `` it was a tough business , '' he said softly . 
 `` it was during the beginning of the war . 
 the armies were still marching and fighting each other like the olden days . 
 we were trying to find the best tactical positions and all that . 
 at the time we really did n't have trenches like this -- we were just using them temporary-like with no sandbags . 
 they were just quickly dug holes in the ground without a sign of barbed wire . 
 but it did n't matter anyways since fritz had setup his machine guns to stop us . 
 i blew my whistle , and over we went . 
 their machine guns begin sweeping across us , tap-tap-tap . 
 i motioned everyone to fall to the ground and find cover . 
 when i motioned them to move forward again , there was n't a single man in my platoon who was n't dead or wounded . '' 
 he took another swig from the bottle and stared at the ash at the end of his cigarette . 
 `` tough business , '' i said softly . 
 i felt sick inside with the thought that that could happen to me . 
 `` well , never mind that , '' he said . 
 `` we had to fall back of course . 
 i was lucky enough to escape without a scratch . 
 it was hell at night , hearing the moan of the wounded . 
 the boche let us go out and remove our casualties . 
 they did n't even fire a shot at us . 
 of course things were different back then . '' 
 `` different ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` oh , i imagine you 've heard the stories about the christmas truce and whatnot . 
 the war seemed more humane in the early days -- we were n't out to murder each other , but just trying to end a dispute . 
 things have changed plenty since then . 
 we 've all gotten a bit more bloodthirsty , and now a human life is n't worth a damn . 
 i think the killing will go on until there 's no one left on this cursed planet of ours . '' 
 he stared at the whiskey bottle . 
 he picked it up and put it down again without taking a drink . 
 his face was now flushed red with anger . 
 he said , `` to finish my story , the company i was in was so torn up that it was disbanded . 
 they did n't know what to do with me so i was reassigned to colonel smythe here . 
 it 's been a right old place for me to wait this damned war out . 
 i just wish it would end . '' 
 i lit a cigarette for myself and flicked the ashes to the floor . 
 this was n't the kind of talk i was expecting from a fellow officer . 
 `` you 'll be in a spot of trouble if someone else hears such defeatist words , '' i said . 
 lyons suddenly laughed and tilted his chair back . 
 `` oh , do n't worry so much . 
 i 'm sure our new captain bryant will give us a rousing speech tomorrow morning before we make the push . 
 it will lift the spirits of the troops , i 'm sure . 
 too bad the blighter will be waiting in the dugout to see the outcome . 
 or so far behind us he 'd be mistaken for a scrounger if he were n't in uniform . 
 perish the thought that he would take a bullet for old england . '' 
 this talk certainly did little to lift my own spirits . 
 i asked , `` how can you stand being here day after day ? 
 you certainly seem to have little love for your situation . '' 
 `` what an odd question , '' he remarked . 
 `` what else am i supposed to do ? 
 ca n't run away , and i 'm too much of a coward to shoot myself . 
 i 've just decided to accept my fate and make my life on this damned world as comfortable as possible . '' 
 `` speaking of fate , have you noticed carter lately ? '' 
 `` no , why ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` he 's been in rather a strange mood as if he is walking in a dream . 
 i worry about him and how he will act tomorrow . '' 
 `` i wonder , '' lyons said . 
 `` wonder what ? '' 
 `` oh , never mind , '' he replied hastily . 
 `` i do n't want to speak poorly of a fellow officer . '' 
 and with those words he took the bottle and drained the remnants . 
 with a callous wipe of his mouth , he stood up and swayed unsteadily . 
 `` i think i 'll go and get some sleep , '' he said . 
 `` if i can , '' he added over his shoulder as he staggered down the hall . 
 i watched his back and decided it was a good time to get some rest myself . 
 i knew i was too keyed-up to get any real sleep . 
 i walked into my bedroom , undressed and lay on the threadbare mattress . 
 i could hear lyons snoring away in the next room . 
 his breathing was deep and noisy like the village drunk . 
 it was a terrible time to sleep with the knowledge that in the morning i would be leading my platoon over the top . 
 i tried to think of chicago , my family , and the woods i roamed in my childhood , but nothing seemed to help . 
 the artillery still thundered away , and each rumbling charge hammered heavily into my thoughts . 
 my head ached terribly . 
 i rolled uncomfortably about the bed which squeaked every time i shifted my weight . 
 it seemed like hours before i fell into a restless slumber . 
 it seemed i had just shut my eyes for just a minute when i felt someone shaking my shoulders . 
 `` come on , chap , we have some work to do , '' the voice said . 
 `` i 'm awake , '' i grumbled . 
 i opened my eyes and saw lyons standing at my bed . 
 he looked none the worse for wear and was even smiling a bit . 
 he was already clean-shaven and except for the dark circles under his eyes , you would have never guessed he had drunk a fifth of whiskey to himself . 
 it was still dark out . 
 i felt miserable as if i had drunk three bottles of whiskey . 
 i never felt so tired in my life . 
 it only added to the unreality of the situation i was about to face . 
 `` get on up , '' he said . 
 `` we have to get our men up and ready . 
 they 'll be wanting their tot of rum soon . 
 they will need it before this morning is through . '' 
 chapter 11 the past anyone who talks of going bravely into battle has either never been in one or is a damned bloody fool . 
 feeling sick to my stomach , i stood there at the bottom of the parapet , ready to jump off with my company . 
 as i got my men to line up , my mouth felt dry . 
 i could barely croak out the orders . 
 in a daze , i wondered if i would have the spit to blow the whistle hanging around my neck . 
 the men to the sides of me did n't look any better either . 
 even owens was pale as he nervously checked his rifle . 
 we were all looking grim , though a few made some half-hearted jokes that quickly died on their lips . 
 the shelling was growing to an enormous pitch , making the ground tremble , and the air shriek with shrapnel . 
 a commissary officer dropped off our rum jar . 
 i quickly dispensed it to my men . 
 they drank it gladly and watched greedily while i finished the last splash left on the bottom . 
 the rum hit me all the way down to my legs . 
 i began to feel a bit better about our chances . 
 i threw down the jar and give them all a wink . 
 `` keep steady boys , '' i said . 
 `` no time to get cold feet . '' 
 captain bryant was going down the line to give us words of encouragement . 
 i really wished he would shut his mouth , since he was suffering from dug-out disease and would n't be joining in the attack . 
 the men hated the brass that would n't lead from the front . 
 i daresay no one was making an exception for him . 
 `` look sharp men , and be brave , '' bryant shouted as he came to my platoon . 
 someone said something in the back , and a few chuckles could be heard . 
 he ignored them and went on , `` this is a momentous day in history . 
 a day you can tell your grandchildren about . 
 this is a day where we turned the tide of war and made the germans retreat in shame . 
 you will remember this day for the rest of your life . '' 
 `` if we live that long , '' someone in my company muttered . 
 bryant ignored this , cleared his throat and continued , `` you have been given the tools to succeed . 
 you must trust the orders of your superior officers . 
 now godspeed and long live the king . '' 
 even though i did n't mean it , i said , `` thank you , sir . '' 
 the soldiers did n't say a word but just stared blankly at the fool captain . 
 he shuffled his feet nervously , and decided he had enough . 
 he went on his way to visit lyons 's company further down the line . 
 from my spot , i could see my friend shake his head as bryant started walking towards them . 
 he certainly had no love for the captain . 
 the other regiments that had been brought up to join the attack were hunkered down in the communication trenches behind us . 
 in the air there was a heavy reek of sweat , shit and urine as soldiers relieved themselves wherever possible . 
 bad nerves makes for bad bowels . 
 my boys continually checked their rifles over and over , while i kept cracking open my webley to make sure the bullets were still in place . 
 the situation was ever so dreamlike . 
 i felt if someone poked me hard enough , i would have woken up back in my bed in chicago . 
 i checked my watch and just at that moment , the shelling lifted . 
 behind me , bryant blew his whistle . 
 i put mine up to my lips and gave out a weak tweet that sounded strangely distant to my ears . 
 we clambered up the ladders and began our steady walk across no man 's land . 
 the staff had told us that resistance was going to be light , so there was no reason to disperse the troops in safe order . 
 owens was next to me . 
 he was shouting , `` march in good order , lads . '' 
 my other sergeant , dobson , was staying behind the body of troops , making sure no one would run for it . 
 i looked to each side and saw my boys were doing well , marching almost like a parade formation . 
 only the shell holes disrupted our straight marching lines . 
 well , it did n't last long . 
 we only made it to the middle of no man 's land when the hun opened up with their machineguns . 
 in the haze of the morning , i could see the little lines of tracers coming from just to the right of us . 
 bullets began to snap in the air . 
 my men were falling . 
 i could hear them shout and scream in panic . 
 we could go no further without taking more casualties , so i motioned for my remaining men to drop to the ground and find cover in the shell holes . 
 i jumped into a nearby hole with owens quickly following behind . 
 our artillery fire had started up again , but it just continued to roll past the enemy lines . 
 i wished i could have sent a runner back to direct their fire back on the german machinegun positions , but there was no way i could send anyone back in time to make any difference . 
 it was useless anyways -- a messenger would have been chopped down by the murderous fire coming our way . 
 `` give me my rifle , '' i shouted to my sergeant . 
 he was carrying my lee-enfield along with his own . 
 he threw it over . 
 we both crawled up the sides of the muddy hole to find that cursed machine gunner . 
 we found the bastard holed up in a mound of sandbags , tapping his machinegun back-and-forth with hellish results . 
 with the bullets flying over my men , they had nowhere to go . 
 i grew angry and began firing at that gunner . 
 we managed to fire off a few rounds each before the bullets began tearing up the ground before us . 
 the sergeant and i had drawn his fire . 
 now he kept a steady stream of fire coming our way . 
 i waved my arms to two privates to the right of us , and they noticed my motions to move forward . 
 they crawled on their bellies and found a good place to start shooting at the machine gunner . 
 his attention was now drawn to them . 
 i managed to get a good shot in on his gun loop . 
 the machinegun fell silent . 
 i jumped up and began charging towards the enemy line . 
 a foolish action , i know , but i was angry -- angry at this idiot plan and angry at the senseless slaughter . 
 why did my men have to die ? 
 they were good soldiers and i was going to do everything i could to save them from any further suffering . 
 it was a good hundred yards to the boche lines . 
 i had to dodge through shell holes , torn up barb wire , and mud . 
 i glanced behind me and only saw owens plodding behind me as quick as he could go . 
 the rest of my company was dead or lying doggo . 
 another gunner must have taken the place of the dead german since that machinegun i had quieted opened up again . 
 the ground next to me was chewed up with bullets . 
 i felt a strong arm push me to the right . 
 it must have been owens . 
 i tripped and fell forward . 
 on the right side of my head , there was an explosion of red pain . 
 my whole world went dark . 
 * it seemed like only a moment of time passed . 
 i opened my eyes again . 
 my head ached terribly and it hurt even to blink . 
 i was surprised to find it completely dark . 
 had i gone blind ? 
 fighting my panic , i reached up and felt that the top of my head was matted with encrusted blood . 
 feeling around some more , i found my helmet . 
 it had been dented hard . 
 a bullet must have ricocheted off the side , knocking me out cold . 
 i turned over on the muddy floor of that shell hole and saw distant stars twinkling down . 
 they looked faraway and cold . 
 i sat there , wondering what had happened with the battle , and how the rest of the day had passed me by . 
 the artillery was quiet now . 
 i cautiously pulled my pain-wracked head over the lip of the shell hole . 
 at that moment , a star shell from the boche lines shot up . 
 i could see their shell-torn barbed wire and sandbags just a scant twenty yards away . 
 i was too close to their lines for my liking . 
 i was going to have a hell of a time getting back to mine . 
 it may have been my imagination , but i swear i could hear low , germanic whispers drifting from their front lines . 
 in the gloom , i looked around the ground near me and could n't find my rifle . 
 my webley was also gone . 
 it must have slid out of my holster and gotten lost when i had fallen into this wretched hole . 
 i looked over no man 's land some more . 
 to my left , not more than ten feet away , i saw a motionless body . 
 it was my poor sergeant and he was lying quite still . 
 `` owens , '' i whispered . 
 there was no response . 
 from what i could see , he was dead . 
 i felt a flash of deep sorrow and hoped he had n't suffered too much . 
 the poor blighter would still be alive if he had n't felt the need to be my guardian angel . 
 there was no reason that he had to follow me across no man 's land . 
 the light of the flare above disappeared , and i was once again plunged into darkness . 
 i suddenly felt hot . 
 my throat was parched . 
 i found that my canteen was still strapped to my belt . 
 i brushed the mud off , removed the cork top and took a long swallow . 
 the water was warm , but it felt good . 
 i splashed a bit on my face . 
 in my pocket , i found my trench lighter . 
 i was careful in hiding the flickering light and checked the time . 
 it was just after nine o'clock . 
 that means i had been knocked out for just over fourteen hours . 
 it was time to try to crawl back to my own lines . 
 i just hoped i would n't be taken for an invading german and shot . 
 cautiously , i crept back up the steep bank of the shell hole and peered towards the british lines . 
 perhaps it was my imagination , but i thought i spotted a figure crawling towards my direction . 
 i squinted in the dark , and sure enough , there was someone moving slowly my way . 
 i had no hope of making out who it was , but i started to feel better . 
 perhaps they had sent someone out to find me . 
 then i had a sudden terror-filled thought -- perhaps it was a german patrol . 
 he could be returning , taking a route past my shell hole . 
 if i was discovered alive , i was sure to be captured or executed . 
 i could n't very well shoot the bastard even if i had a gun , since i was too close to their lines . 
 any shooting would attract further attention . 
 i reached into my boot and found the small hunting knife i carried there . 
 the knife was hardly considered a gentleman 's weapon by the officers i knew , so i had taken pains to conceal it . 
 after i opened it with a slight comforting click , i felt the keen blade against my thumb and felt a bit better . 
 there was nothing better in a close fight than a knife . 
 i waited impatiently , and in all honesty , my heart was beating heavily in my chest . 
 another star shell went up . 
 i nearly yelped when the sudden light shone up above . 
 at that moment , i heard the brush of cloth against dirt . 
 a whisper came out of the darkness . 
 `` lieutenant grant ? '' 
 the voice said . 
 i did n't immediately recognize the voice so i did n't say anything . 
 my grip tightened on the handle of the blade . 
 `` grant ? '' 
 the voice called out again , and then a head suddenly showed itself over the lip of the shell hole . 
 it was smythe 's servant , corporal reese . 
 he was holding a bayonet in his hand . 
 when he saw me , his face broke into a heartless leer . 
 he slid head-first into the shell hole with the bayonet held high over his head as if he was going to kill me . 
 he must have thought i was wounded , since i had just barely enough time to dodge to the side . 
 the slice of the blade whistled past my ear . 
 i was still surprised by this attack so i looked at him with disbelief . 
 `` what the hell are you doing ? '' 
 i asked in a whisper . 
 `` i 'm going to kill you , '' reese said through clenched teeth . 
 he held the blade in front of him and took a measured step towards me . 
 `` come and get me , '' i taunted him with a whispered voice . 
 i lifted my knife in front of me and saw a sudden look of worry pass over his face . 
 he was n't used to meeting someone on equal terms . 
 these bullies are always the same , and i suddenly remembered my school days . 
 it was an odd time to be thinking of such matters . 
 he rushed towards me . 
 in the close confines of the shell hole it was a tricky business not to get skewered by that bayonet . 
 i felt his breath close in my ears as i turned away just in time . 
 his bayonet struck the dirt behind my head . 
 i cut upward into his stomach with my little knife . 
 as he grunted in pain , i felt his blood soak onto my hand . 
 i was glad he did not scream and attract any further attention . 
 his left hand came up and struck me hard in the side of the head . 
 in the shock of the blow , my knife fell to the ground , and my head roared in pain . 
 i saw stars in front of me . 
 with one final effort , i just managed to push him away before falling to my knees . 
 the star shell above us began to die out . 
 his face became a shadowed black mask . 
 `` you 're going to pay for cutting me , '' reese said between ragged breaths . 
 `` why are you doing this ? '' 
 i spat out weakly . 
 `` because i was ordered to , '' he replied . 
 i was still dizzy and could do nothing but watch as he advanced towards me . 
 his bayonet was at the ready . 
 suddenly , behind reese , another shadow joined my vision . 
 a rifle jabbed out . 
 the bayonet on the end hit the man straight in the back . 
 the bastard let out an ear-splitting scream and fell towards me . 
 i crawled over and pushed his face straight into the mud and held on tightly as he struggled against my weight . 
 i had to keep him quiet . 
 `` that 's a good lieutenant , '' a weak voice said . 
 it was owens and he was lying down with his body just over the side of the shell hole . 
 the rifle had fallen from his grasp and was lying with the bayonet stuck in the mud . 
 i know it sounds terrible , but i waited there until reese no longer moved . 
 i then checked for a pulse on his mud-stained neck . 
 he was dead . 
 i gasped out , `` sergeant , i thought you were finished . '' 
 `` so did i , sir , '' he said in a choked whisper . 
 `` you did the right thing to help me , '' i said thankfully . 
 `` do you think you can make it back to our lines ? '' 
 `` with a little help , sir , '' he admitted . 
 that night , i dragged owens through the mud . 
 the work seemed to take hours , but he never complained . 
 though our lines were really close , it felt like we went for miles through that hellish landscape . 
 we crawled past our own dead men , who leered at us like broken ghouls . 
 at some point my sergeant went unconscious and without his feeble help , i had to pull him along as best as i could . 
 it was a near thing when we finally were spotted by one of our sentries . 
 i had to call out and convince the trigger-happy fool that we were not germans . 
 they finally sent someone to come out and help us . 
 he was a big man with giant hands , thick whiskers and a large grin . 
 `` you made it back , lieutenant , '' he said to me . 
 i nodded with exhaustion . 
 `` i 'll need some help with my sergeant here . 
 i 'm afraid he 's been badly wounded . '' 
 the big man bent over the body and said calmly , `` i 'm afraid he 's dead , sir . '' 
 i looked at the man in disbelief and went over to feel for a pulse . 
 owens really was dead . 
 the skin was barely warm . 
 i reached over and gently closed the half-open eyes . 
 i felt sick and weak inside . 
 the big man pulled me up by the arm and led me down into our front line . 
 i fell into a faint . 
 * i woke up . 
 i was stretched out on a bunk in the backroom of our headquarters . 
 the pale light of day was shining through the open door in the other room . 
 lurching out , i found carter sitting at the map table . 
 his lips were taut , and his hollow eyes were staring at the wooden wall . 
 he did n't even notice my presence until i cleared my throat . 
 `` where is lyons ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 my voice was hoarse . 
 i could barely say anything above a whisper . 
 carter waved his hand in the direction of front lines . 
 he said , `` if he had any sense he would be back in england . 
 but he 's somewhere out there getting the wounded together . '' 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 he shut his eyes and mumbled , `` i 'm just resting . '' 
 his head fell onto his hands on the table , and he began to sob . 
 i went over and patted him on the shoulder . 
 `` so how did it go out there ? '' 
 `` it was murder , '' he said through his tears . 
 `` yes it was , '' i replied harshly and left him there . 
 i needed to see what was left of my men . 
 i needed to get out and breathe again . 
 we spent that day burying our dead and moving our wounded to the casualty station . 
 the germans kept oddly quiet that day though they could have walked right through our defenses with only token resistance . 
 we had been decimated , and morale was at an all-time low . 
 with the help of two of my men , i took the body of sergeant owens up to the hills behind the village and buried him deep in the forest . 
 he would have liked being there instead of being amongst the rows of faceless graves . 
 he was a better man than most , suited for spending his days with god 's creation . 
 i placed his body near an old oak tree , not too far off the little path we had walked before . 
 as the men watched in silence , i said a prayer that i had learned from my father . 
 that night i spent a lonely supper writing a letter to owens 's mother telling her what a brave soul he was . 
 rain began to fall heavily against the windows and only added to the painful misery i was feeling . 
 lyons walked into my room . 
 his eyes were black circles of exhaustion . 
 leaning against my doorway , he let out a sigh . 
 `` word is we are to be pulled out soon . '' 
 this news was hardly surprising considering the over fifty percent casualties we had suffered from yesterday 's attack . 
 `` any idea where ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` some village called tremont . '' 
 `` never heard of it . '' 
 `` it will be a chance for us to rest . 
 you do n't have anything to drink do you ? '' 
 he asked hopefully . 
 `` afraid not , '' i said honestly . 
 he coughed and looked nervously about my room . 
 `` i 've been drinking whiskey , a bottle a day , and i 've pretty much run out . 
 i do n't know how you keep your nerves so steady . '' 
 his sudden compliment made me feel a little more relaxed than before . 
 `` they are n't -- trust me . '' 
 he smiled and said , `` most of the officers i know are heavy drinkers . 
 i can highly recommend it . 
 it 's the only way you can stop yourself from going crazy with worry . 
 at this rate we 're all becoming a generation of alcoholics . '' 
 `` if we should live so long , '' i said . 
 `` ha ! 
 you 're not doing anything to help your longevity . 
 i saw what you did yesterday . 
 what gave you the fool idea to directly charge that enemy trench like that ? 
 you 're looking to get yourself killed with that sort of bravery . 
 it 's madness , pure and simple . '' 
 `` and what were you doing ? '' 
 `` keeping myself from being shot since that machinegun fire was simply too murderous . 
 i lost too many men to go any further . 
 after i saw you and owens go down , i did n't want any more of it , so i had the men pull back . 
 we even took casualties doing that . 
 of course that fool bryant accused me of cowardice , but i soon set him to rights on that idea . '' 
 `` how 's that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 my own voice felt stiff and far off . 
 it took all the energy i had to concentrate on what lyons was saying . 
 `` i told him to go ahead and bloody-well lead the men across . 
 quite the row we had , but that fool dare n't go out and actually do it . 
 in the end , he gave in and said nothing to smythe . 
 of course i would shoot the bastard if he did . '' 
 i nodded in agreement . 
 i would have done the same . 
 `` now you have n't told me what happened out there , '' he said . 
 i told him about charging the machine gun nest and how i was pushed me into the safety of the shell hole . 
 i then went on and told him about corporal reese and how owens saved my life at the very last moment . 
 when i finished my story , lyons took a deep breath . 
 `` so they sent that bully-boy of theirs to take care of you . 
 i 'm sorry i did n't believe this conspiracy of yours in the first place . 
 but you must admit on the face of it , it seemed quite fantastic . '' 
 even in my gloom , i was happy for him to finally admit that he had been wrong . 
 if only he agreed to help me then i would have a chance of getting the guilty punished . 
 `` what is going to be your next step ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` at this point i 'm not too sure . 
 perhaps the military police could investigate . '' 
 `` the red-caps ? '' 
 he scoffed . 
 `` well , old man , there is the matter of evidence - it is n't likely that we can go out there and haul reese 's body back . 
 it 's too dangerous . 
 they will want something a little more solid that just your word . 
 no one is going to believe that staff officers would try to kill you . 
 wodenhill has the book you found , and corporal childs has gone to join him at headquarters . 
 if they keep their stories straight , you will look like a fool . '' 
 `` i would like to march over there with my rifle and shoot those bastards , '' i said testily . 
 `` i 'm sure they would like that -- good chance to have you arrested and shot for insubordination . 
 no , we must get something on them . 
 but at this point i ca n't think of what . '' 
 `` then why did they go through the trouble of making an attempt on my life ? '' 
 i asked weakly . 
 `` if they know i ca n't prove anything , then why take the risk of having me killed ? '' 
 he shrugged his shoulders . 
 `` perhaps they just want to wrap up any loose ends . 
 you must have them worried that you are holding a piece of evidence back that they are n't aware of . 
 though honestly , i would never have though that wodenhill would have it in him . 
 he always struck me as the cowardly type . '' 
 `` i 'm not sure it was just wodenhill and childs in the middle of this mess . '' 
 lyons raised an eyebrow and said , `` surely you ca n't suspect smythe of being the ringleader ? '' 
 `` how quickly you come to the point , '' i smiled . 
 `` wodenhill reports to the colonel , and reese was the colonel 's man . 
 who else could order him to take a chance like that in no man 's land ? '' 
 `` you 're just guessing at this point , '' he said calmly and opened his cigarette case . 
 he fished one out and lit it . 
 `` and i thought you were on my side , '' i said sarcastically . 
 `` smythe is a respected man . 
 why would he embroil himself in a black market scheme ? 
 he 's from a wealthy enough family . '' 
 `` how do you know this ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` if you 've been around as long as i have , word gets around . 
 of course you 're an american , but we still have some wealthy aristocracy in old blighty . 
 no one as rich as your rockefellers , but most of the old families still have some loot socked away . '' 
 `` except for your family ? '' 
 lyons gave me a hard stare as if i jabbed at a sore point . 
 `` i should hardly think of that as a concern of yours . 
 my family name is better than most . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , i did n't mean to offend . 
 you seem to take your land and titles without any airs . '' 
 he gave me a quick smile and said , `` i may take that front with old prentice just to egg him on , but in all truth , i was taught to be rather proud of my background . '' 
 i did n't even pretend to understand this british class system so i merely nodded . 
 i placated him by saying , `` i see . 
 it seems a bit odd that your last name and family determines where you go in life . 
 men in america are rated by their money and accomplishments . '' 
 `` america has its aristocracy -- oil and train tycoons , and the bankers who loaned the money to them in the first place . 
 their names are recognized well enough . '' 
 `` true , but if they did n't have the money they would go unnoticed . 
 how does smythe rate in this aristocracy of yours ? '' 
 he gave this thought before saying , `` colonel smythe 's family has some poor relations in the past . 
 his mother was an actress that his father married suddenly after his first wife died . '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` that is reason for scandal enough . 
 especially the last generation -- anything to do with the stage was n't respectable . 
 it has a tendency to add a bit of tarnish to the family name . 
 i 'm sure they were never poor or short of money , but i bet smythe wishes he had some more . '' 
 `` who does n't , '' i said . 
 `` but still it does n't seem like it would be a good enough reason to take the risk . '' 
 `` men do funny things for a bit of money , '' lyons mused . 
 `` now i 'll ask around for you and see if i can find out more of the colonel 's financial state . 
 but i 've had enough talk for now . 
 i have to go and scare up a bottle while i can . 
 i bid you goodnight . '' 
 i watched as he meandered off . 
 i then sat down on my bed and thought of the events of the days before . 
 i tried to tie all the threads together , but my head only hurt with the exertion . 
 leaning back on my pillow , i realized i was exhausted and needed some sleep before i was called for my watch . 
 i shut off the oil lamp and immediately fell to sleep . 
 my dreams were strange -- filled with broken bodies and gaping shell holes . 
 the shell holes were filled with a mixture of blood and mud . 
 it covered screaming men as they were attempting to crawl out of the cesspools of muck . 
 there was a sudden boom of artillery shells falling nearby , so i snapped my eyes open . 
 the sound was real and not just a dream . 
 it sounded too close for my comfort . 
 i rolled over and looked at the alarm clock by my bed . 
 i had only been asleep for two hours . 
 the hun was telling us they were still around and ready for another fight . 
 i was n't ready for anything but sleep . 
 i found it impossible to even get that now . 
 i tossed and turned for another hour before giving up . 
 i got up and went to the kitchen to see if i could scare up something to eat . 
 i found carter there , sitting on the little low table that was used for food preparation . 
 he looked gloomily up at me . 
 `` ca n't sleep ? '' 
 i asked as i started rooting through the cupboards . 
 `` too much on my mind , '' he replied darkly . 
 though we were n't on the friendliest of terms now , at least carter seemed like an honest chap . 
 `` anything you care to talk about ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` well , it 's this move to tremont . '' 
 `` oh , i heard that we were moving out . '' 
 he coughed nervously and finally said , `` you see there is this smashing girl here in the village . 
 her name is marie , and she is the most wonderful thing i have ever come across . 
 she 's kind and gentle , plus she 's a real looker . '' 
 `` sounds like a nice girl , '' i said as i found a box of biscuits that had been sent by prentice 's mother . 
 seeing that he was in the hospital , i did n't think he would care if i took a few . 
 `` oh she is , '' he said brightly . 
 `` it 's just that i do n't want to leave her here . 
 what if the germans take this village back ? 
 or you never know what kind of regiment could come and replace us . 
 there could be some real scoundrels coming here . '' 
 `` we have enough trouble with our own scoundrels , '' i said with a chuckle . 
 `` tell me , does n't she have some relatives she could move in with ? 
 somewhere away from here ? '' 
 `` her father and mother died last year . 
 marie came here to live with her grandmother . 
 i 'm afraid she does n't have anyone else . '' 
 `` what about your parents -- can they help you out and get her to england ? '' 
 i asked helpfully as i started eating . 
 many of these officers were gentlemen of distinction with rich enough parents . 
 i 'm sure they could help . 
 `` oh , my father is rolling in it . 
 but i 'm afraid he is rather old-fashioned . 
 i 'm not sure what they will think when i tell them the news . '' 
 i put the box gently down on the table . 
 `` what news ? '' 
 the poor boy actually blushed . 
 he said , `` marie told me last week that she is with child . '' 
 this explained his sneaking about the day i went hunting . 
 he had been seeing his girl . 
 i could only imagine his fear when he went over the top . 
 leaving the women he loved behind was bad enough , but if she was expecting , that was an entirely different matter . 
 `` i do believe congratulations are in order , '' i said with a smile . 
 `` are they ? '' 
 he asked weakly . 
 i shoved the box of biscuits in his face . 
 he took one gingerly and held it in his hand without eating it . 
 i said , `` at this point there is nothing to do but marry the girl . 
 that 's if you want to . '' 
 he took a tentative bite and nodded . 
 `` i guess so , '' he said . 
 `` once you marry her , your parents will have little choice but to take her in . 
 it is as good as done now . '' 
 `` but what will colonel smythe say ? 
 we ca n't marry without regimental permission . '' 
 `` what can he say ? '' 
 i asked incredulously . 
 `` damn the regiment . 
 i think it would be better if we did n't tell him a thing . 
 you 'll get married without his permission and sneak her out of the country into safety . 
 i suggest you start that letter to your parents and have it posted from paris so it does n't go through the censors . 
 some chap on leave can mail it for you . '' 
 he stood up quickly . 
 `` thank you very much ! '' 
 shaking my hand , carter slapped me on the back . 
 `` i feel like a weight has been taken off my shoulders . '' 
 `` now go and get some sleep . 
 we 'll be pulling out soon , so you will have a busy day tomorrow rounding up a minister . '' 
 `` how can i do that without captain bryant finding out ? '' 
 `` i 'll cover for you , '' i replied . 
 he shook my hand again and said , `` you are the best . '' 
 he left for his bedroom . 
 i could only shake my head in disbelief as i watched his retreating back . 
 this was a funny place to fall in love . 
 chapter 12 the past two days later and we were finally on our way to tremont . 
 our baggage had been packed and forwarded on by train . 
 there was n't enough room for all of us to ride , so only the staff officers and their lackeys were moved by rail . 
 we , on the other hand , were to march for twenty agonizing miles to our new billets . 
 the remnants of our company was grumbling the entire way down the road - of course , it is the soldier 's lot to grumble - but they were still happy enough to get out of those filthy trenches . 
 who knew what was ahead of us , and how it would compare to what we 'd left ? 
 at any rate , i knew there were going to be some sore feet tonight . 
 overall morale was low , especially when we found out that we were not the only regiment that had been badly mauled . 
 losses all down the line had been staggering , but still the brass hats wanted to press on with the offensive . 
 they were damned fools , and the men knew it . 
 we were glad to be out of the fight for now . 
 it would take more blood than we had to crack those german lines . 
 my men were marching down a muddy road , bringing up the rear of the regiment . 
 a light rain was falling down , covering us with a miserable wetness . 
 a number of trucks drove by , and the men cursed every time they saw a dry passenger give us the friendly wave . 
 because of the traffic , i had to keep them on the side of the road , marching in a scraggly line . 
 even though the bulk of the regimental goods had been shipped ahead , each man was still expected to carry his rifle and a full backpack . 
 i was walking in the very back of our column , keeping an eye out for stragglers . 
 my sergeant dobson was leading from the front . 
 i heard a car coming up from behind and going slow . 
 i was tired and ignored it until the driver blew the horn . 
 i turned and gave them a blistering look . 
 i was in no mood for idiots . 
 `` excuse me , lieutenant , '' a voice called out from the car . 
 i gave a closer look and quickly saw the bars on the shoulder . 
 it was a pudgy , butterball of a general with a red face and a spot on the end of his nose . 
 he was quite dry and comfortable inside his buttoned-up sunbeam staff car . 
 they had stopped , and the driver left the car running . 
 with the disapproving look on the officer 's face , i knew this was going to be trouble . 
 `` yes , sir ? '' 
 i asked innocently as i could . 
 i really felt like slapping the little bastard . 
 he leaned over the side of the car to talk to me , but was careful enough to stay out of the rain . 
 `` your men are n't marching in proper order , lieutenant , '' he said to me like he was addressing an idiot . 
 `` excuse me , sir ? '' 
 i asked , wondering if i was talking to an escaped mental patient . 
 `` your men - they 're walking on the side of the road . 
 it looks quite unprofessional . 
 they should be marching on the road in proper order . '' 
 i replied acidly , `` well there are lorries going down this road . 
 the men got tired of moving out of the way . '' 
 `` that 's hardly the point is it , '' the general said . 
 `` these men of yours need discipline if they ever expect to beat the hun . '' 
 `` very good , sir , '' i replied coldly . 
 i saw no reason for further argument . 
 if this prat wanted marching , i decided to very well give it to him . 
 `` dobson , '' i shouted out in my loudest parade voice , `` the general here wants the men to march in proper order . 
 `` `` yes , sir , '' i heard dobson reply with a shout . 
 he then moved into the lines of men and began pushing them into the road . 
 they closed ranks well enough and soon were marching down the road in good order . 
 `` is that better , sir ? '' 
 i asked the general , sarcastically . 
 he looked at me strangely . 
 he then nodded and told his driver to move on . 
 i called out , `` they 'll have to move to the side of the road to let you through . '' 
 with those final words , he shot me a dirty look and his driver took off . 
 he beeped the horn angrily at my boys , and they grudgingly moved to the side of the road to let him pass . 
 the bloody fool . 
 the common soldier loathes staff officers , and i understand why . 
 the general went on ignoring the other platoons on the side of the road and sped ahead . 
 once he was out of sight , i had the men return to the side of the road . 
 if that little bastard came back , i think i would have shot him . 
 not a man in my unit would have testified against me . 
 as the afternoon wore on , the rain had disappeared , leaving only a foggy chill behind . 
 after hours of grueling marching , we finally arrived at tremont in the evening . 
 it was a nothing of a village located on a muddy stream . 
 as the sun began to set , i saw the shadowed ramshackle houses and a mill on the water . 
 the mill wheel moved sluggishly , and i could hear a low , wood-on-wood groan . 
 it sounded like an old man rattling out a slow death . 
 as we marched into the village square , a few of the local peasants stared at us . 
 to them the war was a far-off thing , and they apparently did not like the british troops reminding them that people were dying to keep them free of german tyranny . 
 as far as i was concerned , they could go rot . 
 i had sergeant dobson take the men to their billet while i went to find lyons and carter . 
 they were in the village square outside a dirty little pub , both with cigarettes stuck in their mouths . 
 lyons waved me over to join them . 
 `` hello , fellows , '' i hailed them wearily . 
 `` grant , how did your conversation with that blasted general go ? '' 
 lyons said with a smile . 
 i could see he was taunting me . 
 i merely said , `` you know how staff officers are . 
 i 'm sure a few more of his type , and we would have a mutiny on our hand . '' 
 carter chuckled . 
 he seemed more at ease than i last saw him . 
 `` so how did it go ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 he blushed and said , `` everything went well . '' 
 `` what are you two talking about ? '' 
 lyons asked . 
 `` are n't you going to let old lyons into the secret ? '' 
 `` oh , there 's no secret , '' carter replied with a grin . 
 `` it 's just that i 'm married now . '' 
 `` well , i thought i knew everything that went on in our regiment , '' my friend said in surprise . 
 `` you must have knocked up that pretty french girl marie up , eh ? 
 we all wanted a go at her , let me tell you . 
 now whatever will your parents think ? '' 
 `` that was just the thing , '' i added my bit in . 
 `` i hope you wrote your parents , carter . '' 
 carter stamped out his cigarette on the rough cobblestones . 
 `` i did at that . 
 i have high hopes that they will answer my letter in the best possible way . '' 
 `` i 'm sure they will , '' i said . 
 he grew silent and said , `` i trust you two wo n't tell anyone else about this . 
 i had to spread quite a bit of the stuff around to get married in secret . 
 the damned village priest needed a few francs to get him to give up that stuffy catholicism for just a simple marriage . '' 
 `` mum 's the word , '' lyons said and touched the side of his nose . 
 `` now to celebrate , i suggest we find ourselves a good stiff drink . 
 though to tell you the truth , this village looks a mite short on entertainment . 
 i bet the wine tastes like piss , and the girls all have the clap . '' 
 we then turned and walked into the local watering hole . 
 it was n't much of a place -- a few low tables , some surly looking customers , and an old , scarred bar that had seen better days . 
 i 'm sure the locals found it a pleasant enough place , but it certainly was no paris . 
 the bartender was a big man with longish black hair and dark eyes . 
 he did n't look too pleased to see us . 
 `` you speak english ? '' 
 lyons asked . 
 `` a little bit , '' he said haltingly . 
 `` give us a bottle of your best wine , if you please , '' lyons said slowly in that way some speak to foreigners as if they were deaf . 
 the barman rummaged around the bar underneath and pulled out an old dusty bottle . 
 it looked like it had been stored since the time of napoleon . 
 `` do you have something better ? '' 
 carter asked . 
 the bartender shot him a scathing look and shook his head . 
 `` twenty francs , '' he demanded . 
 `` twenty francs ? '' 
 i asked incredulously for that was at least twice the amount we would have paid at deveaux . 
 `` twenty francs , '' he grunted back and shoved the bottle our way . 
 i could hear a few of the locals behind us begin to laugh . 
 lyons picked up the bottle and hefted it in his hand . 
 `` well , my fine friend , i 'll give you five , and you 'll be glad to take it . 
 he dropped a five franc coin on the bar and began turning away . 
 the bartender grabbed him by the shoulder and spun my friend back towards the bar . 
 lyons gave the fiend a devilish grin and then smashed the bottle over the brute 's head . 
 the glass shattered like an explosion , drenching the man with vinegary-smelling wine . 
 the bartender slumped down and disappeared behind the bar with a final groan . 
 ignoring the dumbfounded locals , we ran out of the tavern , laughing . 
 it had served that poor bastard right to try to rip us off with that foul-smelling wine . 
 i know that it sounds cruel , but after you 've been in a fight for a country that showed so little gratitude , you feel the urge to get back somehow . 
 lyons always behaved like quite the gentleman , so i had to admit i was taken aback by his sudden burst of anger . 
 perhaps i was not that surprised -- these were violent times we were living in . 
 `` i hope the military police do n't come looking for us , '' carter blurted out after we were done laughing . 
 `` oh , do n't worry about that , '' lyons said . 
 `` there are n't any here yet . 
 anyways , i left him five francs for his trouble . 
 trust me , he 'll be in a more receptive mood for english money the next time around . 
 now let 's go find our billet . '' 
 our new quarters was an old house that had seen better days . 
 but still , there was a nice low , wooden fence that went around the property and a small , well-tended garden in front . 
 the owners were an old woman and her teenage daughter . 
 neither of them was too happy to see us . 
 we were met with nothing but scowls . 
 but they accepted our money easily enough . 
 i had to share my bedroom with carter while lyons managed to take over the largest of the bedroom that had once been used by the old lady 's son . 
 her son had been one of the first to die in the early part of the war . 
 the bedroom was still setup exactly the same when the poor bastard had gone off to war . 
 his favorite cigarettes were by the bedside , and his clothes were still hanging up in the closet . 
 it was quite creepy . 
 after a supper of cold ham and dark bread , we sat around and talked a bit . 
 but it had been a long day , so we soon made our way to bed . 
 carter quickly dropped off , but for the life of me , i could n't fall asleep . 
 i guess i had too many recent unpleasant memories . 
 after a brief , useless struggle , i got up , crept past my roommate 's bed and went out to the front garden to have a smoke . 
 it was late , and the moon was high and full in the sky . 
 relaxed for a moment , i was enjoying the cigarette and thinking of what needed to be done tomorrow , when i saw someone walking along the road . 
 it was a shock to see corporal childs . 
 he was walking as if he did n't have a care in the world . 
 he did n't even notice me standing there . 
 luckily i still had my webley on my hip , so i ditched my cigarette and began following him at a discreet distance . 
 he only picked the darkest roads as we made our way out of the village . 
 we snaked around lit windows , past happy voices coming from the soldier-filled village homes , and finally made our way down a deserted country lane . 
 i had to keep my distance since childs would stop every few minutes acting as if he suspected himself of being followed . 
 once we had left the village , his manner had become more suspicious . 
 thanks to my hunting days , i 'm pretty good at being quiet . 
 i swear he never caught sight of me . 
 we went on that way for a mile or so when i saw a large country estate in the distance . 
 it was a two-story tall , brick mansion made in some pre-revolution year . 
 the windows were lit up . 
 a high wall that was gated surrounded the grounds . 
 thick ivy clung to the sides of the old brick . 
 through the gates , i could see a number of parked military trucks and cars -- this must be where smythe and his staff had decided to set up shop . 
 i had no reason to be there , so i watched carefully as the corporal approached the guarded gate . 
 he was quickly waved through and went on his way . 
 i dodged off to the side , through the woods and sneaked along the wall . 
 there i found a thick tangle of vines suitable for climbing . 
 i began going up as quietly as i could . 
 to my ears , every scramble up the wall sounded as loud as breaking glass . 
 poking my head over the top , i saw a supply depot had been placed on this side of the grounds . 
 there were crates of ammunition and rations stacked high in wooden boxes . 
 a tent was there and several oil lamps had been placed on the ground to provide light . 
 a team of soldiers was loading up a lorry , and i saw childs entering the tent . 
 feeling obvious up on the wall , i pulled myself over and jumped down to the other side . 
 i went flat on the damp ground and lifted my head to see if anyone had seen me . 
 not hearing anyone cry out , i began slithering through the long grass towards a stack of crates located in the back of the supply depot . 
 i waited there for a moment in silence before moving on . 
 so far i had managed to get the front of my uniform sodden , but it appeared i had gotten there undetected . 
 i began crawling through the maze of crates towards the tent . 
 within a few minutes , i had gotten to the canvas wall of the tent and stopped to listen . 
 i immediately recognized captain wodenhill 's muffled voice . 
 `` you understand your orders ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` yes , sir , '' childs answered . 
 `` this is going to be a dangerous trip , corporal , '' wodenhill went on . 
 `` if anyone gives you any trouble , i had these papers worked up for you . 
 only use them if you have to -- i would hate to have anyone else prying into our affairs . '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' childs said . 
 `` what are you going to do about grant ? 
 i 'm getting sick of sulking around trying to stay out of his way . '' 
 `` you wo n't have any worries soon enough , '' the captain replied smoothly . 
 `` there are steps being taken to make sure he is no longer a problem to our operations . '' 
 i felt my spine tingle with anxiety . 
 my suspicions had been proven true . 
 the only question was how high did this go , and what were they planning to do with me ? 
 `` very good , sir , '' the corporal replied timidly . 
 `` you 've always taken care of me . '' 
 `` do we have any choice ? 
 you 've done your job perfectly until captain meadowes came along and found that ledger of yours . 
 we should have had you killed for that -- keeping a log behind our back . 
 were you expecting to do a bit of blackmail ? '' 
 `` no , sir , '' childs said anxiously . 
 `` anyways we 've already discussed this , so i have nothing else to say of the matter . 
 it was sheer bad luck that meadowes found it during inspection . '' 
 `` the colonel may have believed you , but i certainly do n't . 
 if you ever pull such a stunt again , i 'll see that you disappear from the face of the earth . 
 right now it is easy to dispose of a body . '' 
 my ears had pricked up when i heard the mention of the colonel . 
 smythe was the mastermind of their operation , alright . 
 it only made sense -- he had the ability to move the goods and create the paperwork to cover up any missing items . 
 his poverty must have been enough to overcome any moral concerns . 
 `` do n't worry , i 'll follow orders , '' the corporal whimpered . 
 `` you better have , '' wodenhill said icily . 
 `` now go ahead and get in that truck and make sure to follow the map carefully . 
 i do n't want you getting lost and messing everything up . 
 this was my cue to leave . 
 i crawled a distance into the packed boxes before getting up and sprinting towards the wall . 
 i found a foothold in the brickwork and began scrambling up the side . 
 i practically fell over the wall and into a bush on the other side . 
 i picked myself up and took off running through the bramble towards the road . 
 i heard the roar of the truck engine starting . 
 i picked up the pace , hoping to beat the truck to a spot i had seen on my journey to the mansion . 
 there was a steep curve on the road leading away from the gate of the estate . 
 the truck would have to take this part of the road slowly . 
 if i could make it there in time , i could swing myself on the back of the truck and find out where they were going . 
 i was out of breath when i stopped at a copse of trees located near the curve . 
 i leaned forward , holding my knees as i tried to regain my strength . 
 my face felt raw from the countless branches i had gone crashing through . 
 i saw the headlights bounce down the road . 
 the driver down-shifted and began slowing to make the turn . 
 the headlights danced past me , and i ran out of my shelter of trees . 
 the back of the truck was canvassed on top and with a leap on to the back , i managed to grab onto the edge of the tailgate . 
 my knees buckled , and i almost lost my handhold as the truck accelerated . 
 with a grunt , i barely pulled myself over and fell heavily into the wooden boxes stacked in back . 
 my back slammed heavily into a corner of a crate and i gasped in pain . 
 i rolled over on my stomach and hunched down on my knees near the tailgate . 
 i hoped the noise of the truck covered the sounds i was making . 
 the boxes bounced up and down as the truck went over the road . 
 after a few miles of this , the truck slowed down and turned down a side road . 
 the path we were on was rough , so the truck downshifted into a lower gear . 
 we crept more slowly down this rutted path . 
 i looked down on the ground and saw nothing but tall weeds . 
 the truck downshifted again and began climbing up a steep hill . 
 we soon reached the top and stopped . 
 the headlights went off and then flashed back on a few times . 
 fearing discovery , i jumped out of the back , and my feet sank hard into the loose soil . 
 running for a few paces into the deep weeds , i dropped on my stomach and turned to watch the truck . 
 it was now some thirty feet away . 
 i saw the dark shadows of two men standing by the cab of the truck . 
 a cigarette was lit . 
 i could see the face of childs in the sudden flare of the lighter . 
 `` think they will come ? '' 
 i heard the other man say . 
 `` do n't worry , jones -- they will . '' 
 i could barely hear their voices over the ripple of the wind . 
 the long grass blew like waves on the ocean . 
 i wondered where we were . 
 i suddenly saw a light in the distance and it slowly dropped like a leaf falling from a tree . 
 i recognized a flare when i saw one . 
 a few thunderous artillery flashes confirmed my suspicions -- we were somewhere close to the front lines . 
 they were perhaps a mile off , and i wondered what we were doing out here . 
 `` i do n't like being up here , '' jones said as he stamped his feet . 
 it was n't from the cold , but from nervousness . 
 `` neither do i , my boy-o . 
 but we do as we 're ordered , and there 's a nice fat wad of cash coming our way if we do . '' 
 `` i still do n't like it , '' jones said . 
 childs said , `` shh , here they come . 
 be quiet and let me do all the talking . '' 
 i heard a number of footsteps approach and a germanic bark , `` hallo freunde . '' 
 i could n't believe what i was hearing . 
 i knew a little german from some engineering books i studied in my youth , but i certainly was n't fluent enough to completely understand the conversation . 
 but i understood enough to know this was the boche behind our lines . 
 `` sein nutzen , um sie zu sehen , '' childs replied back fluently . 
 `` sie brachten das essen und gewehre ? '' 
 the german said . 
 he came closer to them , and i saw ten or so germans standing further back . 
 they were all looking a bit nervous , and i could n't blame them . 
 neither side looked too favorably at enemy soldiers out of uniform . 
 if they were caught , there was bound to be some quick executions . 
 `` ja kapitän und sie brachten das gold ? '' 
 childs asked . 
 gold ? 
 that word was clear enough , so my ears perked up as i tried to make sense of this new situation . 
 smythe had somehow managed to contact the germans and began trading with them . 
 but why would the germans want our supplies ? 
 my mind reeled at the possibilities . 
 `` ja , '' the german answered back and handed some kind of leather case over to the corporal . 
 `` laden sie den lastwagen aus , '' childs said . 
 the german pointed to the truck and his ten or so men began to unload the truck with a number of grunts and what i supposed were curses . 
 soon enough the crates were unloaded and stacked on the side of the truck . 
 then the men began moving in teams and took the boxes down the hill . 
 while this was happening , i lay very still with the fear of being discovered . 
 their boots came close to where i was hiding , but luckily they did not see me . 
 i thanked my lucky stars that i was wearing my brown uniform and had my hat slid low over my face . 
 soon all the boxes had been cleared and the soldiers disappeared silently down the hill . 
 i watched childs through the waving grass , waiting for him to return to the truck . 
 i was n't quite sure where we were and wanted to try to hook a ride back to camp . 
 the german was still there . 
 `` that 's everything then , '' childs said . 
 `` not quite , '' the german replied in broken english . 
 `` was tut , meinen sie , '' the corporal said nervously . 
 i saw him spreading out his hand and jones took a step back . 
 `` wer ist diese person da drüben ? '' 
 i could see the german officer pointing my way . 
 `` who is that person over there ? 
 what do you mean ? '' 
 childs said . 
 i ducked my head down and went low to the ground , wondering how long the germans knew i had been there . 
 `` sie sind ein verräter . '' 
 `` i 'm no traitor , '' child exclaimed . 
 `` i do n't know what you are talking about . '' 
 the german turned with his pistol out and fired a shot in my direction . 
 i decided it was time to go , and quickly . 
 i got off the ground and began running down the track as fast as i could . 
 three more bullets tumbled past me and went into the grass . 
 i heard another germanic shout , and then a few rifle bullets came my way . 
 there was a shouted order , and then the shooting immediately stopped . 
 i guessed that they did n't want to draw any more attention to the fact that they were there on the wrong side of the front line . 
 but that did n't stop me from running at full speed until i had to stop with my sides aching . 
 i breathed in several ragged breaths and took stock of the situation . 
 if childs suspected who i was , then it was going to be dangerous going when i returned to camp : i knew smythe was selling supplies to the germans . 
 these dark thoughts kept me busy as i tramped down the side of the road . 
 i kept an eye and ear out for any coming trucks . 
 i would n't be able to tell who it was , so i would have to hoof it into the ditch until i reached the safety of my billet . 
 there i could tell lyons and carter what i had found out . 
 they would protect me from colonel smythe until i could explain my story to the proper authorities . 
 i did n't know if they could ever believe me , but i would have to try nonetheless . 
 i had to do something about what i 'd seen . 
 these nagging worries were interrupted by the sound of an oncoming vehicle . 
 the engine rumble became louder before it rounded the corner . 
 i leapt into the ditch . 
 the mud and water came up to my knees with a sickening squelch . 
 i told myself i had been jumping into holes in the earth for far too long . 
 the truck went by slowly . 
 my heart pounded hard in my chest until it had disappeared around the corner . 
 the flash of the headlights had briefly lit up the road , and luckily i recognized this stretch from our earlier march of the day . 
 i guessed i was only three miles away from tremont . 
 so i got out of the ditch , my pants legs sticking to my skin , and got to walking . 
 when i finally reached tremont , there was a glimmer of dawn in the east . 
 i was cold , hungry , and felt like i could have slept for a week . 
 but i had gotten there without seeing any other truck along the road . 
 the town looked sleepy enough since not a single lit window could be seen . 
 it was quiet except for the rush of the stream and the creak of the town mill . 
 not one soul was out . 
 it gave me a creepy feeling as if i was being watched . 
 i took a little tree-lined lane to our billet and saw a trickle of smoke coming from the chimney . 
 someone was up . 
 unlocking the garden gate , i walked cautiously to back of the house looking for anyone ready to waylay me . 
 i did n't see anyone , so i went to the back door and found it locked . 
 i swore to myself . 
 i traced my steps back to the front door . 
 i reached for the door handle and suddenly felt uneasy . 
 out of the corner of my eye , i saw a shadow rush towards me . 
 i turned , but it was too late . 
 a heavy blow hit me on the side of the temple . 
 i fell into darkness . 
 chapter 13 the past by any right i should have been dead . 
 needless to say , i was rather surprised when i started to slowly swim back into consciousness . 
 my head ached something terrible . 
 i was angry that it had being used so poorly the past few days . 
 my eyes fluttered open to take in my surroundings . 
 a light shone brightly into my eyes . 
 i snapped them shut again from the blazing pain . 
 i then realized i was sitting upright and propped up against a hard chair . 
 `` he 's coming around , '' a voice said . 
 it took me a moment to realize it was the voice of captain wodenhill . 
 `` i did n't tap him that hard in the head , '' childs answered back . 
 `` hard enough , '' i muttered and sat up with a groan . 
 i was n't tied down , but when i opened my eyes , i saw the corporal was fingering a sharp-looking bayonet . 
 he gave me a wicked grin . 
 i was in a gaudily-appointed room . 
 the long window curtains were drawn back to reveal a wall running around a well-manicured lawn . 
 the chair i was sitting in looked old enough for the last king of france , and the desk before me was quite overdone as well . 
 i let out a little giggle and caught myself from laughing out loud . 
 i certainly felt a little punch drunk from the blow to my head . 
 the surroundings were just a little out of place for my predicament . 
 `` so you 're still alive . 
 quite the pity in my opinion , '' the captain said . 
 i turned my attention to him and saw him smirk at my predicament . 
 i rubbed my head and said , `` i do n't remember asking for your opinion . 
 but tell me , why i am still alive ? 
 i would have thought you would have had me buried away somewhere by now . '' 
 `` as you should be , '' childs said . 
 `` quiet you , '' wodenhill snapped . 
 `` i 'll do the talking around here . 
 do n't forget that you 're just a corporal . '' 
 childs put his eyes down and took a step back . 
 however , i noticed the bayonet was still at the ready . 
 `` well , lieutenant grant , you 've certainly have been a spot of trouble for us . 
 i could see that from day one , but the colonel would n't listen . 
 he never does , but i think you 've figured that out by now . '' 
 `` figured what out ? '' 
 i said dumbly . 
 his hand lashed out and struck me on the side of the jaw . 
 it hurt terribly , and i saw stars dance in front of my eyes . 
 i almost slid off the chair , but i just managed to hold myself upright . 
 i was n't about to give him the pleasure of seeing me fall over to one of his blows . 
 `` figured out that the colonel is a stubborn man , '' he said without emotion as if he had n't struck me at all . 
 `` he wants to find out what you really know . 
 if he did n't , then childs here would have tapped your skull a little harder and made sure you disappeared for good . '' 
 `` surely lyons and carter will want to know what happened to me , '' i said . 
 at this point they were my only hope . 
 `` i 'm sure they would , '' wodenhill said with a sadistic smile . 
 `` in fact , they 've been out all night looking for you . 
 they even came to see me , but what information could i give them ? 
 even i did n't know where you were until the corporal here returned and told me what you had witnessed . 
 we may have let you live for a bit longer if it was n't for that . '' 
 i let out a bit of a laugh and said , `` you 've been doing your damn best to kill me . 
 who sent reese out to make sure i was dead ? '' 
 `` we thought it best if you were taken care of before you connected the dots together . 
 that was obviously a mistake , because we should have killed you even earlier . '' 
 wodenhill said `` mistake or not , at least i 'm not a traitor dealing with the germans . 
 you 'll certainly be shot for this . '' 
 his hand swung out again , but at least this time i was ready for the blow . 
 i made it look as if it hurt worse than it really did . 
 not that it took too much acting on my part . 
 my head was still reeling . 
 but wodenhill was a weakling who had never faced the rigors of true trench living . 
 he was a coward too . 
 at least those words sounded good to my ears . 
 i really had little hope of getting out of this alive . 
 the captain slowly nodded . 
 `` so it really was you out on that hill . 
 well , my friend , you have just signed your own death warrant . '' 
 `` your treason will be your own death warrant , '' i raged at him . 
 i saw childs move towards with me with the bayonet at the ready . 
 i had to buy some time and see if i could escape . 
 `` before you kill me , could you at least tell me why you sold our supplies to the germans ? '' 
 `` you must understand , my boy , '' the voice of the colonel boomed out . 
 he must have been standing in the doorway behind me . 
 he strode past and sat at the desk , looking over me with an appraising eye . 
 `` you 've been causing me plenty of trouble and i should have listened to wodenhill here from the start . 
 but i thought you would n't discover anything further about our little money-making operation . '' 
 `` but why , colonel ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he laughed and replied , `` men will do many things for money . 
 when i was a child , i saw my father squander his fortune away . 
 after he died , there was nothing left for me but the debt . 
 i could barely hang on to the family home , and i had to beg with my very own relations to survive . 
 not what kind of life is that for a man of my background ? '' 
 i flicked my eyes over to childs and saw that he had taken a step back and was leaning nonchalantly against the wall . 
 his knife had disappeared from sight too . 
 perhaps i could make a break for it and find a place to hide before the military police rounded me up . 
 smythe still had his authority , so i knew i would have a hard time convincing anyone i was innocent of whatever trumped-up charges i faced . 
 i bought a little more time , shrugged my shoulder and said , `` i would n't know anything of the aristocracy . '' 
 `` of course you would n't know , '' smythe said . 
 `` you americans and your silly ideals . 
 let me tell you how the real world works - men take what they need and damn anyone who gets in their way . 
 luckily childs here had a german father who worked the coal mines in england . 
 through his family , he was able to provide me with a contact high up in the german command . 
 it took some time , but we came to an agreement that will be beneficial to both our countries . '' 
 `` what could that possibly be ? '' 
 i asked . 
 this war has gone on far enough . 
 you 've seen the senseless bloodshed that has taken countless lives . '' 
 `` i 've seen more than i would care to recount , '' i admitted . 
 `` and you know it is all useless . 
 if the germans were to win and win quickly , it would be so much better than having the men under my command die anymore . '' 
 `` selling weapons and uniforms to the enemy is supposed to save lives ? '' 
 i asked incredulously . 
 `` it seems like a justification for murder and a chance to make your own fortune . '' 
 he raised an eyebrow at me and said to wodenhill , `` give the lieutenant here a cigarette . '' 
 he scowled and fished out a dunhill from a crumpled pack . 
 he lit it and handed it over to me . 
 `` thank you , '' i said and drew a lungful of smoke . 
 `` wodenhill here wants to have you killed , '' smythe continued on . 
 `` personally , i think there has already been too much bloodshed . 
 now if you were to forget this little secret of mine and work with me , then i think you will agree this would be best for everyone involved . '' 
 `` i still think he is a danger , '' the captain said . 
 i ignored him and said to smythe , `` what will the germans do with the material you have given them ? '' 
 `` we 've been battering against their defenses for a long time without any success . 
 the plan has always been to get through their lines and break out in the open space behind . 
 once we got behind their lines , it would be a simple matter of attacking their defensive positions from the rear and rolling up their entire army . 
 now you know the germans must be thinking the same thing . '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 `` if they could get the element of surprise and move enough men over to our side , it would break our lines in half . 
 a regiment of germans wearing our uniforms and using our equipment would provide the means . 
 they could achieve total surprise and before you know it , they would be free to roam behind our lines . 
 we would be forced to retreat out of france and leave it for the french . 
 what do you think of that , my boy ? '' 
 i leaned back and blew some smoke up into the ceiling . 
 i saw that childs and wodenhill were watching me expectantly . 
 they were hoping i would refuse so they would have an excuse to cut my throat . 
 i finally said , `` i 'm not sure what to say . 
 it seems like plenty of men on our side will die if the germans gain the upper hand . '' 
 `` you 've seen the morale in the trenches . 
 the english army will scatter in front of a strong army quicker than you think . '' 
 i pretended to give this some thought as i looked over my captors once again . 
 they seemed more keyed-up than expected like they were waiting for something . 
 perhaps they thought i had already reported my suspicions to the military police . 
 if that was true , they would want to know if their own necks were on the line . 
 perhaps that was the only reason they were keeping me alive . 
 smythe said impatiently , `` look , my boy , i 've been given the word that casualties will be kept to a minimum . 
 they 're sick of this war as much as we are . 
 there just has to be someway of stopping the stalemate . 
 would you agree at least to that ? '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' i lied . 
 `` i 've seen enough death and very little glory . 
 i see little reason why we should fight on any more . '' 
 he positively beamed at me . 
 with a friendly smile , he said , `` you hard-headed americans are always concerned with business . 
 you are also quick to realize when you are on the losing side . 
 it is best to cut your losses and move on to another stock . 
 i can even give you a cut of the money being made . 
 would that satisfy you ? '' 
 i nodded and snubbed out my cigarette on the ash tray . 
 i stood up slowly and glanced at childs to see if he was going to threaten me with that bayonet of his . 
 `` well , if that is all , sir , i think i will get back to my company . 
 there still is plenty of work i need to do , and i 'm sure lyons and carter will want to know where i have been . '' 
 smythe reached across the desk to shake my hand . 
 his hand was wet with perspiration . 
 `` you 're a good man , '' he said . 
 `` i 'll see that some type of promotion goes through for you . 
 you 've been brave and resourceful out on the front lines . 
 surely your hard work must be rewarded in some way . '' 
 `` just part of the job , '' i said nonchalantly . 
 out of the corner of my eye i saw wodenhill tip childs the wink . 
 the corporal broke out a false smile and reflexively touched his sheathed bayonet . 
 i 've fought enough bullies to know i was looking at some trouble . 
 they were keeping me happy until they could go ahead and lower the boom . 
 why would they want to start some trouble here when i could easily be dealt with somewhere outside ? 
 i had no reason to trust these three as i edged towards the door . 
 `` i 'll have wodenhill walk back with you , '' smythe said kindly . 
 `` that 's quite alright , '' i said . 
 `` i know the way . '' 
 `` let me show you a quicker way , lieutenant , '' wodenhill said and took me by the arm . 
 i saw childs falling in step behind us . 
 we walked down an opulent hallway with a number of dusty paintings and dried-out plants . 
 a small servant 's door led to the outside where i found myself on the side of the house . 
 in the distance , i could see the wrought iron gates . 
 they were unguarded , but hanging slightly open . 
 when i started that way , the captain gripped my arm hard like a vise . 
 `` here is a quicker way back to the village . '' 
 he pointed to an iron door set into the brick wall that surrounded the estate . 
 `` this will take us to a path that leads right to tremont . '' 
 his voice was high as if he was suddenly nervous . 
 it is amazing how these staff officer types can never be counted on in an emergency . 
 reaching out , he grabbed the door , and it creaked noisily open as if it was the entrance to a tomb . 
 the forest pathway beyond was dark with shadow . 
 there was no way i was going down that path . 
 childs would cut my throat at the first chance . 
 i would never be seen alive again . 
 my mother would never know what happened to me . 
 i would just be another forgotten victim of this terrible war . 
 with a twist of my arm , i broke free and began running towards the gate . 
 `` stop him , '' ordered wodenhill . 
 i looked over my shoulder and saw that childs was chasing me . 
 his face was already blotched red with anger . 
 `` stop him ! '' 
 the captain screamed again . 
 i kept on running towards the gate . 
 i brushed past the half-closed iron gate , but i was slowed down enough that the corporal caught up to me . 
 he tackled me by the feet , and i felt my breath go out from me when we landed heavily on the ground . 
 i kicked out and caught him hard in the chest . 
 he fell backwards , but grabbed onto my left leg with one hand . 
 i saw childs draw out his bayonet . 
 i pulled away , crawling as hard as i could . 
 wodenhill was there now and came over to give me a solid kick in the ribs . 
 his webley was out , and he nodded to his man . 
 `` finish the job , '' he ordered . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i shouted and kicked out at childs again . 
 the bayonet fell from his hand and onto the muddy road . 
 we both went for it , the blade slick with mud . 
 he was closer to it and reached for it first . 
 i grabbed his wrist , but a swift kick by wodenhill caught me in the ribs again . 
 it was a hard kick , and my side exploded with pain . 
 i felt as if i could n't breathe at all . 
 then a hard pain shot up my right leg . 
 i screamed with what little strength i had left . 
 glancing down , i saw that the bastard corporal has plunged the knife deeply into my calf . 
 the knife went up again . 
 it struck my leg again , biting deep into my flesh . 
 there was nothing i could do but lash out again with my free foot . 
 the boot caught childs full in the face . 
 he fell back clutching his nose . 
 the hilt of the knife was stuck in my leg . 
 it throbbed something terrible . 
 lifting my head up at wodenhill , i saw him grinning sickly . 
 his webley was pointed straight at me , but his hand was shaking . 
 `` go ahead and shoot , you coward ! '' 
 i yelled at him . 
 `` damn you , '' he croaked out . 
 his finger was on the trigger , and it started to squeeze , but he could n't hold the gun straight . 
 the pistol fired . 
 i winced as the bullet stuck in the mud near my head . 
 the gun fired and missed yet again - he was a paper pusher , not soldier . 
 it was then that i heard the running of feet towards us . 
 `` what 's going on here ? '' 
 a voice called out . 
 i turned over and to my relief , i immediately recognized prentice . 
 carter was also with him . 
 they both had their pistols drawn and looked at me with amazement . 
 i must be quite the sight with a bayonet stuck deep into my leg and covered from head-to-foot in mud . 
 `` they tried to kill me , '' i cried out . 
 wodenhill dropped the gun , and it fell in the mud next to me . 
 i was going to shoot the bastard . 
 i reached for it instinctively , but prentice scooped it up before i had a chance . 
 he waved both guns at wodenhill and said sternly , `` shooting a fellow officer ? 
 i would n't expect anything less from you . '' 
 he turned his wrath on the corporal , who started to scuttle away . 
 `` and you , you imbecile , how dare you raise your hand against an officer ? 
 you 'll be lucky if you do n't see the wrong end of a firing squad . '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' child croaked and stood up , holding his bloody nose . 
 carter got down and started to lift me up from the road . 
 `` are you alright , old man ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` help me up , '' i said through gritted teeth . 
 i had to lean heavily on him since i could not stand on my wounded leg . 
 my pants leg was awash with blood , and i felt sick to my stomach . 
 prentice reached down and without a word to me , pulled out the bayonet . 
 the pain was electric . 
 i felt suddenly woozy and staggered . 
 `` steady on , '' carter said . 
 `` you 're going to need some stitching up before this day is through . '' 
 `` take him to the doctor , '' prentice said . 
 i 'm afraid i did n't get that chance to see that doctor since colonel smythe appeared at the gate with a dozen guards with him . 
 he looked over the scene and then said , `` lieutenant grant is to be arrested . '' 
 `` on what charges , sir ? '' 
 prentice asked . 
 `` for attacking a superior officer , of course . 
 we still have rules in this army no matter how many times he tries to thwart them . 
 you of all people should know that . '' 
 prentice spat out , `` sir , even if grant here did attack wodenhill , there was no reason for corporal childs here to stab him . 
 and there certainly was no reason for wodenhill to fire his gun in such a situation . '' 
 `` i was n't talking about wodenhill , '' smythe glowered . 
 `` i was talking about the personal attack on me . '' 
 `` that 's not true , '' i blurted out . 
 prentice looked back at me and said , `` do you know what he is talking about ? '' 
 `` i saw childs there meeting with some germans up by the front lines . 
 when i came back to tremont , i was knocked out before i could tell anyone else . 
 they brought me here and tried to question me . 
 they told me i could go free , but i suspected i was going to be killed instead . 
 so i ran for it . '' 
 `` clearly you can see that this man has gone insane , '' wodenhill chimed in . 
 `` exactly , '' smythe added . 
 he snapped his fingers and his guards pulled me away from carter who just stood there dumbfounded . 
 as i was being led away , smythe said , `` be kind to lieutenant grant . 
 he must have snapped from the stress of battle . 
 see that he is well taken care of . '' 
 i looked pleadingly at prentice and said , `` help me . '' 
 `` do n't worry , grant . 
 if anything , i owe you my life . 
 i 'll see that justice is done . '' 
 chapter 14 the present as i reached the end of my story , ellen blinked a few times and reached over to hold my hand . 
 her skin was smooth against mine , and i hate to admit my heart began to race . 
 `` you poor man , '' she was all that she could say . 
 i could see that my story had an effect on her . 
 `` do n't worry , '' i said bravely , `` they have n't convicted me of anything yet . '' 
 one always puts on a brave face if you 're in love . 
 she said angrily , `` but you have no evidence and no witnesses to tell your side of the story . 
 what can you do if you 're trapped here in this hospital ? '' 
 `` i know lyons and prentice will pull through for me . 
 i 'm almost glad of this leg wound since it has bought me a little more time . '' 
 `` have you heard anything from your friends yet ? '' 
 `` no , i have n't heard a word from them . 
 i suspect they are busy looking about for clues . '' 
 `` did i hear someone mention my name ? '' 
 prentice said as he knocked on the open door . 
 i was n't sure how long he had been standing there , but i was happy to see him . 
 after doffing his hat to ellen , he came over and shook my hand . 
 he was looking haggard as if he had been up all night . 
 `` it is good to see you . '' 
 `` yes it is , '' he said almost shyly . 
 `` look , i 'm sorry that you and i never got along in the first place . 
 i just wanted to thank you for saving my life . 
 i will do what i can to return the favor . '' 
 `` no problem , '' i said . 
 i felt overwhelmed by his gratitude , but thankful for his support . 
 prentice continued on , `` lyons filled me in a bit on what happened to captain meadowes . 
 at the time , meadowes did n't tell me much detail of what he was investigating , but i can tell you he was interested in the number of supplies coming into the depot . 
 he ordered me to get what reports i could dig up at the depot and compare them to our company usage . 
 he seemed to think that someone was stealing them . '' 
 `` well , he was right . 
 someone wanted to be sure he would n't tell anyone . 
 it must have been childs . '' 
 `` i agree . 
 if only we could round up the corporal and question him . 
 i think we could make him crack with a little pressure . '' 
 `` is he still at tremont ? '' 
 `` i 'm afraid not . 
 i 've tried asking wodenhill where the corporal is , but he just evades my questions . 
 he does outrank me , you know . 
 the only thing i 've learned so far is that childs is no longer with the regiment and has been transferred . '' 
 `` transferred where ? '' 
 ellen asked . 
 `` that 's just the thing -- no one seems to know , '' prentice answered . 
 `` he has to be around tremont , '' i said with exasperation . 
 `` colonel smythe needs him as the contact man to the germans . 
 they would n't just let him go when he knows so much about their operations . 
 they would have to keep him close at hand . '' 
 `` not unless they had him killed off to protect their own skins , '' prentice suggested . 
 `` true , '' i admitted , `` but barring some miracle , finding him is my only hope of getting out of this war alive . '' 
 `` i 'll help go look for him , '' ellen offered brightly . 
 i could see a gleam of excitement in her eyes . 
 this was her chance to be the heroine . 
 `` you ca n't do that , it 's certainly not safe for you to go , '' i said protectively . 
 `` i 'm afraid grant here is right , '' the lieutenant agreed . 
 `` these towns are filled with soldiers , and you wo n't be safe in their midst . '' 
 she let out a little laugh and said , `` i will hardly fear the attentions of a few men . 
 i 'm used to it here . 
 i ca n't tell you how many officers and doctors here have decided to fall in love with me . 
 it is all foolish nonsense , of course . '' 
 `` of course , '' i replied dryly . 
 i wanted to tell her these past days how much i had fallen in love with her , but now was not the time with prentice hanging about . 
 she smiled brightly at me and said , `` do n't worry , william , i have a way with soldiers . 
 perhaps i could find someone who knows the whereabouts of corporal childs . 
 he could n't disappear from tremont without someone seeing him go . '' 
 `` i do n't like it . 
 it is too dangerous , '' i pleaded . 
 `` perhaps if lieutenant prentice here would accompany me . 
 he could see to my safety . '' 
 `` i do n't think that is a good idea either , '' i said . 
 prentice said , rather too brightly for my tastes , `` actually , it could n't hurt if she snooped around a bit . 
 we could make up a little story that she is inspecting the troops for some disease or another . 
 i 'm sure she can think of something terrible enough to get the boys lined up for an inspection . '' 
 `` oh yes -- that is a good idea , '' she said , playing along . 
 `` i 'm not so sure , '' i said . 
 `` do n't worry , it will work out just fine . 
 i 'll keep a close eye on her and make sure she does n't get into any trouble . '' 
 `` i 'm sure you would , '' i said coldly . 
 ellen ignored my objections and said , `` so it 's settled then . 
 i 'll go pack a medical bag , and then we can go . '' 
 she stood up and straightened out her uniform . 
 then to my surprise she leaned over and gave me a shy kiss on the mouth . 
 it was totally unexpected , but i could n't help but smile woozily . 
 `` thank you , '' i said in a low voice . 
 she whispered in my ear , `` do n't worry , my love . 
 i 'm doing this for you . 
 i 'll be back before you know it . 
 william . '' 
 those words sent electric shocks down my spine , and at that moment , i hated to see her walk out that door . 
 i felt butterflies in my stomach and wished we could have had some more time together . 
 before i could say anything else , she hurried out of the room . 
 `` you 've got it bad , '' prentice said . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you ca n't fool me , '' he laughed . 
 `` does it show that badly ? '' 
 `` well enough , but you 're a lucky fool . 
 by the way , how is that leg of yours ? '' 
 `` it is feeling better every day , '' i lied . 
 in fact it hurt like bloody hell . 
 i had been fighting off the pain with every breath . 
 but still it had to get better soon . 
 it was only a little knife wound , so it should heal up with time . 
 `` good , i just thought you were looking a little peaked . 
 i 'm glad you 're healing up . 
 the doctors told me i was lucky to have kept mine . '' 
 he slapped his thigh . 
 `` luckily that bullet missed a vein and went clean through . '' 
 `` yes , '' i said uncomfortably . 
 his leg had looked much worse than mine , but why was i feeling so poorly ? 
 `` well , you look like you need a little rest . 
 i 'll be on my way . '' 
 he shook my hand and before leaving . 
 i sat there and started to feel sorry for myself . 
 if only i could have gone with them . 
 instead i was left behind with nothing to do but think . 
 i gave a little groan as i shifted my weight uncomfortably on the bed . 
 it was starting to hurt just lying there , and i wished i could get up . 
 the room seemed damned hot , too . 
 i must have fallen into an uneasy sleep . 
 when i woke up , i was in a sweat . 
 my leg was throbbing something terrible . 
 i felt feverish and sick . 
 pulling back the covers , i foolishly tried to pull myself off the bed to get some help . 
 as soon as i placed weight on my bad leg , i fell down heavily onto the floor . 
 the impact was sudden . 
 i remembered screaming in pain before being swallowed up in a wave of swelling darkness . 
 i must have passed out for only moment . 
 i was suddenly surrounded by doctors in white aprons . 
 i was lifted back onto my bed . 
 i could barely focus on the knot of faces above me . 
 an injection stabbed me in the arm . 
 i felt the pain in my leg begin to recede . 
 it must have been a big dose of morphine . 
 i grew ever so tired . 
 the voices above me became distant babbling . 
 someone 's ugly face was shoved right into mine and started to speak . 
 i had a hard time making out the words , so he shook me , bouncing my head against the pillow . 
 `` lieutenant , we 're going to have to take it off , '' the face said . 
 wanting the annoying voice to go away , i just nodded and shut my eyes . 
 the babble of words eventually faded away into darkness and unconsciousness . 
 i felt as i if i was floating away on a cloud . 
 i welcomed the quiet . 
 chapter 15 ellen 's story the man who headed the hospital 's motor pool was an old curmudgeon , unfit for front line duty , but with the use of my womanly charm , i managed to procure a car . 
 a few gracious smiles , a good story , and he gave me the keys to some old claptrap . 
 prentice wound the starter and looked up in surprise when he saw me get behind the wheel . 
 his mouth was agape . 
 `` you know how to drive ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` father had a rolls that i used to bandy about in . 
 i 've driven plenty . '' 
 `` perhaps it would be better if i drove , '' he said as he looked nervously about . 
 `` i do n't know what the soldiers would think if a woman drove up to the town with me as the passenger . 
 i 'm not sure i could ever live it down . '' 
 `` you men are so stuffy , '' i said with a pout . 
 he looked quite uncomfortable . 
 i got some odd satisfaction out of this . 
 he soon gave in and said , `` alright , but please drive carefully . '' 
 with a smile , he jumped in . 
 i shifted into gear and soon we were off . 
 it felt good to have the sun on my face and fly down that dirt road away from the stench of the hospital . 
 everywhere there were soldiers marching haphazardly down the sides of the road , staying out of the line of traffic . 
 a supply lorry would pass the other way and kick up a cloud of dust . 
 a few of the soldiers would see me in the car and began to wave and cheer . 
 i laughed and gave them a wave back . 
 prentice snarled , `` we 're not on a parade . '' 
 `` you are rather a stuffed shirt , '' i shouted over the sound of the wind whistling past my ears . 
 `` you 're not like any other girl i 've ever met before - you 're so headstrong . 
 tell me , does it run in the family ? '' 
 i let out a little laugh . 
 `` i should think not . 
 but there is no reason you should act so shocked . '' 
 `` i 'll try not to , '' he said and shot me a momentary smile before i returned my concentration back to the road . 
 we drove on a few more minutes , winding our way past a slow-moving lorry . 
 prentice then said hesitantly , `` i hate to ask this , but i have to know -- is there anything serious between you and grant ? '' 
 `` why do you ask ? '' 
 i said as i felt my cheeks grow hot with embarrassment . 
 `` i would just like to know where i stand if i decided to pursue you . '' 
 `` i do n't know where lieutenant grant and i stand . 
 we have never talked about our relationship at length . '' 
 `` but you do love him , do n't you ? 
 i heard you say so in the hospital . '' 
 `` those words were not meant for your ears , '' i said . 
 i turned my attention back to the road , trying to evade his eyes . 
 he lapsed into silence . 
 in the meanwhile , i wondered to myself did i really love william , or was i taken with the adventure of it all ? 
 for now , those were questions to be answered for another day . 
 right now we had to prove the poor man 's innocence . 
 taking a side road , i drove us over a rickety bridge and then into the town of tremont . 
 at first sight , i was n't too impressed . 
 grant was right , it was a mean-looking place , and the inhabitants only stared unpleasantly at us as we drove by . 
 i saw a slow-moving water wheel in the distance that creaked with a terrible groan . 
 the streets were laid out with well-worn bricks that needed a good sweeping . 
 in the distance , a dog repeatedly barked at no one in particular . 
 some british soldiers could also be seen , and they looked rather bored to be in such a place . 
 i could n't blame them . 
 i pulled the car over . 
 prentice hopped out and went around to open the door for me . 
 he said , `` i hate to say that i have n't been here long . 
 i 'm still learning my way around . 
 i do believe childs 's old company is billeted somewhere over there . '' 
 he took me by the hand and led me down a path that led to the outside of the village . 
 we opened a creaky gate into a field where a big barn sat . 
 it was sagging on one side , and the wood was weathered gray with age . 
 two soldiers smoking cigarettes dawdled near the wide-open door . 
 when they saw me , they broke into grins , but when they saw prentice they quickly stiffened up with a quick , formal salute . 
 `` where is sergeant dobson ? '' 
 prentice drawled easily . 
 `` he 's inside , sir , '' a sallow faced soldier answered back . 
 i could n't help notice that his eyes lingered on me for quite some time . 
 `` this way , nurse , '' the lieutenant said and gently took me by the arm to lead me inside . 
 the interior of the barn smelled of sweat and urine . 
 men were sitting on the stacks of hay , smoking and talking amongst themselves . 
 they all looked sickly and undernourished . 
 a rough voice bellowed out , `` officer present . 
 everyone at attention ! '' 
 the talking stopped , and the soldiers all rose to turn their glance at the lieutenant . 
 he cleared his throat and said , `` the nurse here has come for a medical visit to make sure you 're all fit . '' 
 someone let out a chuckle , reeking of familiarity . 
 that was cut off quickly once prentice gave a cold stare in that direction . 
 `` men are to proceed outside and remove their shirts . 
 you will then get in line . 
 you will then be examined by the nurse inside here . '' 
 `` you heard the officer , '' the sergeant shouted . 
 `` so off with them shirts and move outside on the double ! '' 
 the soldiers quickly had their braces off and were removing their shirts . 
 a few men grinned shyly in my direction while the whole group had moved outside like a herd of cattle . 
 while i set up the medical apparatus on a bale of hay , prentice said , `` i know a few of corporal childs 's cronies . 
 when one of them comes in , i 'll tip you the wink . '' 
 the sergeant came up and asked , `` what is this all about , sir ? 
 i have n't heard of any visits by a nurse . 
 this is n't going to be a short-arm inspection is it ? 
 the boys wo n't like a nurse doing that job . '' 
 prentice took him by the arm and said , `` special case , dobson . 
 i was told that the colonel was worried by a breakout of a particularly nasty strain of influenza . 
 he asked the local hospital to help out due to the amount of potential patients . 
 we want to nip this in the bud before we are swamped with sickness . '' 
 `` i see , sir , '' the sergeant said seriously . 
 he saluted and then said , `` i 'll get the lads through to see the missus here as fast as i can . '' 
 `` very good , sergeant , carry on . '' 
 he winked at me , and we watched as dobson went outside . 
 we could hear his voice shouting for the men to line up . 
 the first soldier came in . 
 he was a thin , young-looking man who seemed afraid for being the first inside . 
 `` name ? '' 
 prentice barked . 
 `` timson , '' he whimpered . 
 `` very well , timson , take a seat in front of the nurse and follow her directions . '' 
 he looked rather healthy if a bit undernourished . 
 i went through the motions of listening to his breathing with my stethoscope . 
 after a minute of questioning him about flu symptoms , i sent him on his way . 
 the boy looked rather relieved since he nearly ran out the barn door . 
 one after another they came in . 
 some were worse than others , and i was rather taken aback by their poor health that would have hospitalized a normal man . 
 these were tough soldiers , fighting in the worst conditions , but still facing their misery with stalwart hearts . 
 finally an older man with graying hair came in . 
 prentice winked in my direction and said , `` name ? '' 
 `` peterson , sir , '' he said sulkily . 
 he looked around the barn suspiciously as if expecting the worst . 
 `` go listen to the lady there and answer any questions she may have for you . 
 it is important , mind you . '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' he answered . 
 peterson then sat down in front of me . 
 his gut bulged over his belt . 
 he looked particularly well-fed compared to the other men . 
 i listened to his chest and heard his heart thumping hard against his chest . 
 this one was ready for the knackers , and i wondered at his age . 
 he looked old , but he could have been anywhere between fifty and sixty . 
 `` you seem to be healthy enough , '' i lied . 
 `` thank you , miss , '' he beamed pleasantly at me . 
 `` tell me , do you know a corporal childs ? '' 
 `` why do you ask ? '' 
 he asked , his tone suddenly suspicious . 
 `` it 's a matter of his health , '' i answered innocently . 
 `` i 'm afraid i do n't follow you , miss , '' he said as he shot a glance back at the lieutenant . 
 prentice was standing off to the side , pretending to take little interest in the proceedings . 
 `` well , there has been a nasty case of influenza going about . 
 i 'm afraid one of the patients at the hospital said he may have gotten it from corporal childs . '' 
 peterson 's face turned white as a ghost . 
 not that he was all that tan to begin with , but i definitely saw him pale with the news . 
 `` are you sure , miss ? '' 
 `` i can only tell you what i 've heard , '' i said . 
 `` the patient in question died before we could learn anything more . 
 it is important that we find childs before he infects anyone else . '' 
 `` well , miss , i 'm not sure why you 're asking me , '' he said defensively . 
 `` i hardly know the man . '' 
 prentice stepped in and said , `` he is in your company . 
 i know for a fact that you chum around with him . 
 do you want more of your friends here to die because of you ? '' 
 `` no , sir , '' he said , his voice quavering . 
 `` it will mean a court martial if you do n't come clean . '' 
 prentice 's voice was now thick with anger . 
 i could only stare at the sudden change of the man . 
 he was a fine actor . 
 with a nervous twitch , peterson 's eyes darted between the two of us . 
 he was about to stand up when the lieutenant 's hand clamped on his shoulder and pushed him back down again . 
 the man cautiously said , `` i saw him , sir . 
 he told me that he is hiding out near the regimental headquarters . 
 he would n't tell me why , but it must be because he 's sick . '' 
 `` when did you see him last ? '' 
 prentice snapped . 
 `` it was just two days ago . 
 i saw him sneaking through the village . 
 he told me not to tell anyone . 
 he told me he was n't supposed to be about , but he was only out to get some liquor and tobacco . '' 
 `` you did the right thing telling me this , soldier , '' prentice beamed at him . 
 `` now it will be best if you do n't tell anyone else about this . 
 it is important that we do n't have the whole town in a panic . '' 
 `` is there any chance i could be infected ? '' 
 he asked , his eyes wide with fear . 
 `` the nurse here has checked you out . 
 he 's healthy enough is n't he ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` there is no sign that he is infected . 
 i do n't think he has anything to worry about . '' 
 `` thank you , miss , '' he said gratefully and shook my hand fervently . 
 with a quick salute , he darted out of the barn as quick as he could . 
 prentice laughed and said , `` that was a very convincing lie you fed that man . 
 you had him eating right out of your hand . '' 
 `` thank you , '' i said . 
 `` you did a rather good job at playing the bully . '' 
 `` i 'm rather good at that when i want to be . 
 it comes with the rank . 
 we had better look at the rest of the men , but make it quick . 
 i want to go and see if we can find corporal childs . '' 
 i gave the rest of the company only a cursory glance , asking quick questions and making brief examinations . 
 it only took another half an hour , and we were done . 
 i packed up my bag , and then the lieutenant took me by the arm to guide me through the men waiting outside . 
 they watched me walk out across the field and a few whistles and hoots followed me as i went . 
 i felt my ears burning red in embarrassment . 
 `` do n't mind them , '' prentice said , `` they 're just appreciating the ravishing looks of a beautiful woman . '' 
 i giggled and said , `` oh , i do n't mind . 
 i suppose i should feel flattered . '' 
 i gave the men a wave and got a ragged cheer back . 
 we got back to the village , where the lieutenant led me down the road towards the regimental headquarters . 
 it was a quiet place . 
 the summer wind brushed gently against the top of the trees . 
 a few cicadas buzzed noisily and the bees were working busily in the fallow fields . 
 my heart began to thump hard with the realization that i was now alone with prentice . 
 i had just met the man , and i wondered how far he could be trusted . 
 william certainly did , but how well did he really know him ? 
 it was too late to run away , so i continued to plod along next to him . 
 `` the manor is just around the corner , '' he said . 
 `` we had best hit the trail going into the woods here . 
 we have to make sure that we are not seen by the guards . 
 they would certainly wonder what we are doing here . 
 i 'm not sure if i could come up with a reasonable enough explanation . '' 
 `` very well , '' i agreed and followed him off into the woods that surrounded the manor . 
 it must have been the hunting grounds of the aristocratic family that had loaned their house to the colonel , for the woods were dotted with well-kept trails . 
 it felt more like a park than anything else . 
 we walked in silence , listening to the birds singing to each other and keeping an eye out for a patrolling guard . 
 soon enough , we could see the walls surrounding the manor . 
 over the wall , i could see the second story of the great house tucked within . 
 `` i 'm thinking they must have stashed childs at the groundskeeper 's house or something like that . '' 
 i pointed to an iron-sided gate built into the brick wall . 
 `` that must be used by someone . '' 
 `` good eye , ellen , '' he said , and we started to work our way in that direction . 
 there was a well-worn trail leading away from the door , and it snaked off into the woods . 
 prentice put his finger on his lips to make sure i was quiet , and then we went cautiously down the dark pathway . 
 it was very quiet in that part of the forest . 
 i felt nothing but dread with each step we took . 
 eventually we came to a small clearing where a little hut sat . 
 we hung back in the woods to take a look . 
 it was a dilapidated hut with only two windows and a single door in front . 
 a stack of firewood sat on the side , and a wisp of smoke curled up from the chimney . 
 i could n't think of why anyone would have a fire going this time of year unless they were cooking something . 
 `` i think we found him , '' prentice whispered to me . 
 `` now what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` do we go get the police now ? '' 
 `` if we do that , then childs could be gone by the time we get back . 
 i will have to stay here while you go get help . '' 
 `` but i do n't even know where to go , '' i whispered back . 
 he thought for a moment and said , `` go get lyons instead . 
 he has to be back at tremont in our billet . 
 he can come here and help me out . '' 
 he gave me some hurried instructions on how to get to the billet . 
 `` are you sure you will be alright ? '' 
 i asked doubtfully . 
 `` what can childs do to me ? '' 
 he said bravely . 
 `` i just want some help disarming him in case he has a gun in there . '' 
 `` do n't do anything foolish , '' i warned him . 
 he just smiled and gave my hand a squeeze . 
 i turned and ran back towards the manor , going as quickly as i could . 
 making it past the brooding house undetected , i ran back to the road in haste . 
 i was afraid that prentice was going to be discovered , and who knows what could happen to him . 
 ahead , i saw a figure walking down the road towards the manor . 
 my heart skipped a beat with joy when i saw it was lyons . 
 i waved my hand towards him , and he ran up . 
 `` why in the devil are you here ? '' 
 he asked in surprise . 
 `` thank god you 're here , '' i gasped out . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` it is corporal childs -- lieutenant prentice and i discovered where he is . '' 
 `` i see , '' he said quietly . 
 `` show me the way and i 'll see what i can do . '' 
 chapter 16 an unexpected visitor i awoke . 
 it took a long time to finally open my eyes . 
 i was greeted by darkness . 
 i felt oddly out of place , dizzy , and even moving my hands took great energy . 
 my body was floating , and any pain was just a muted throb . 
 what had happened to me ? 
 it was difficult to think . 
 i just wanted to fall back asleep . 
 my attention was suddenly drawn by the sound of a soft footstep and then the sound of my door gently closing . 
 `` who 's there ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 my voice sounded weak and unsteady . 
 the steps came closer and stopped at the foot of my bed . 
 `` who 's there ? '' 
 i whispered again . 
 i suppose i should have been feeling some kind of fear , but i was too dazed to really care . 
 was this just a nightmare ? 
 a flashlight flicked on . 
 i was momentarily blinded by the sudden brightness . 
 to my relief , the light quickly moved away . 
 when i opened my eyes again , i saw lyons standing there . 
 he was looking down at me with pity . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` now that is a good question , '' he replied and sat down on the end of my bed . 
 `` a good question indeed . 
 well , my old friend , i 've decided to come and visit you again . '' 
 `` but why now ? '' 
 i asked weakly . 
 i was beginning to feel tired again and just wanted to drift away into unconsciousness . 
 `` anytime is a good time when a friend is visiting . 
 tell me , how are you feeling , chap ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine , but i sure would like to get some more sleep . '' 
 his flashlight played against the end of the bed . 
 `` i can see why . 
 those damned doctors did quite the number on you . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i asked as the bile began rising in my stomach . 
 my forehead beaded wet with perspiration . 
 `` you mean you do n't know ? 
 i 'm sorry to be the one to tell you , but they went and sawed off the end of your leg . '' 
 i suddenly felt awake and noticed an odd numbness at the end of my wounded leg . 
 i really had n't noticed it until now . 
 i tried to wiggle my toes , but felt nothing . 
 sitting up made me dizzy , but i reached down and felt my legs . 
 the left one was all there , but the right one suddenly stopped at the end of my knee . 
 the only thing there felt like a thick bandage . 
 i suddenly felt a shudder of sickness and turned my head to throw up on the floor . 
 `` why ? 
 why ? '' 
 i moaned when i was finished vomiting . 
 `` do n't worry , grant , this will just make my job all the easier . '' 
 he whipped out his webley and pointed it at me . 
 `` from the very beginning , you 've been too much trouble . '' 
 `` i do n't understand , '' i said . 
 my mouth felt as if it was full of marbles . 
 `` i suggest you stay quiet and let me speak to you for a moment . 
 you see , i was quite hoping you would be sleeping , so i could do my job without being disturbed . 
 but now that you 're awake , you might as well hear my side of the story before i kill you . '' 
 `` good god , lyons , what are you talking about ? '' 
 i asked . 
 but i was beginning to get a glimmer of the truth . 
 i had been a fool not to see this before . 
 `` keep your voice down , grant , '' he said and waved the gun in front of my face . 
 `` i would n't want the night nurse to be woken up by your shouting . '' 
 i closed my mouth and listened . 
 setting down the flashlight on the table , lyons got his silver cigarette case and took out two . 
 he placed one in my mouth and lit it for me . 
 lighting his own cigarette , he blew a thin trail of smoke into the air . 
 `` you see , grant , there is one thing you did n't know about me - i 'm actually related to smythe . 
 believe it or not , that bastard of an officer is really my uncle . 
 he had no children of his own , and i 'm legally considered his heir . 
 when i was a child , i spent many of a summer day at his house and he treated me like his own son . 
 dear old uncle was never rich from the start , but he did have the property . 
 even with the pittance of the inheritance he received , he somehow managed to keep the house and land . 
 all he needed was some money , and he could have been respectable enough . 
 `` i was already enlisted when the war broke out it . 
 i had joined the army thinking it would be a safe place to earn a name for myself . 
 little did i know what a foolish mistake that was . 
 the war was tough going . 
 i saw men die by the hundreds and for what ? 
 i began to question the need of the whole mess . 
 something changed inside of me . 
 i could n't go and run away -- quite the dishonorable thing to do in the eyes of my brother officers -- and i had to consider my own future . 
 no one wants to associate with a coward . 
 but i thought that if i could make enough money , then i could go and buy my way out of the war . 
 corporal childs has been with me since the beginning . 
 i knew his father was german , and we got to talking . '' 
 `` so you struck a deal with the enemy ? '' 
 i asked with amazement . 
 `` oh , not me - i would n't dare do such a thing myself . 
 but i convinced my uncle to do it . 
 he is in desperate straits financially , so i 'm afraid it did n't take much to talk him into it . '' 
 `` how did you convince wodenhill ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` that little weasel was brought over easily with the promise of cash . 
 he 's the type who would sell his own mother for a farthing . 
 have you ever noticed that those kinds of men always end up away from the battles ? 
 perhaps he is smarter than he looks . '' 
 he let out a low laugh at the thought . 
 `` who killed captain meadowes then ? 
 was it childs ? '' 
 `` childs ? '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` that good-for-nothing ? 
 no , i 'm afraid it was me . 
 you see , i was hoping to remove anyone who suspected childs of pilfering from the stores . 
 that fool corporal was supposed to have finished off prentice out in no man 's land , but the good lieutenant got himself shot in the leg before childs could do his part . 
 while you were out rescuing that fool prentice , i went hunting for meadowes . 
 he was standing at the parapet watching your heroics . 
 i slipped behind him ever so quietly and shot the bastard in the back of my head with my webley . 
 he fell over like a sack of potatoes , i 'll tell you . '' 
 `` you villain , '' i said weakly . 
 `` you may call me that , but honestly , i tried to keep you alive as long as i could . 
 you see , i took a shining to you . 
 you 're a good chap to drink with , but you kept interfering with our business like meadowes and prentice did . 
 i 'm afraid we had to take care of you . '' 
 i thought of all the times i had confided with lyons and how he had tried to keep me off the scent . 
 it made sense now . 
 i finally said , `` and on that hill ? 
 who shot at owens and me while we were hunting ? '' 
 it may seem like i was asking a lot of questions for a man facing certain death , but i was trying to buy whatever time i could . 
 lyons said , `` of course it was me . 
 i brought along that incompetent childs to help me hide your bodies away . 
 but you lucked out , and i missed my shot . 
 i do n't often miss , mind you . 
 that damn corporal went running at the first chance he got , and you and your sergeant took off in pursuit . 
 i hid in some bushes and was within ten feet of you when you went by . 
 i was glad that you did n't see me , or i would have had a deuce of a time with owens . 
 he was quite the hunter . 
 `` you escaped me again in paris . 
 i had hired some men to take care of you after we left that pub . 
 but you ended up with that whore instead . 
 and your luck held out yet again out in no man 's land . 
 i thought you were a goner when i saw you fall into that shell hole . 
 but i had to be sure , so i sent corporal reese out to see . 
 but he was n't tough enough , and you came back instead . '' 
 `` you could n't go yourself ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` typical for a coward , '' i added to egg him on . 
 i felt as if i was running out of time , so i had nothing to lose now . 
 he smiled wickedly and said , `` me ? 
 of course not . 
 that 's too dangerous for a man of my temperament . 
 you 've stirred up too much trouble for me . 
 major radford has been sniffing around in tremont to see if there is any truth to your story . 
 thanks to prentice and that bitch nurse of yours , he got to childs . 
 it will only be a matter of time before he gives us up . 
 but , my friend , it 's too late for you . 
 `` please do n't , '' i said hopelessly . 
 `` you know amputation is a tricky business , and there can be complications . '' 
 he quickly ripped the pillow from the back of my head and stuffed it on top of my face . 
 i kicked and tried to scream , but my mouth was muffled by the thick pillow . 
 my hands flailed against the side of his head , but he was too strong . 
 i started to weaken as i fought for my breath . 
 all i could think of was that this was a silly way to die . 
 i had been surrounded by death for weeks , and now i was going to be murdered in a hospital bed . 
 just as the blackness began to overwhelm me , i heard a sudden loud crack . 
 the pressure on my face suddenly lessened . 
 i felt the weight of lyons fall on to my chest and then roll off the bed with a crash . 
 pushing away the pillow , i opened my eyes . 
 the overhead light suddenly flicked on . 
 standing at the light switch was major radford with a cosh in his hand . 
 he beamed at me and said , `` how are you feeling , lieutenant ? '' 
 between gasps , i said , `` as good as can be expected , sir . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry for that little scare , but i wanted to use you as bait . 
 lyons here told me more than i expected . '' 
 `` what about ellen and prentice ? 
 are they safe ? '' 
 `` do n't worry , they are safe . 
 i found them in tremont , trying to track down corporal childs . 
 i had two of my men follow them at a discreet distance . 
 they saw lyons meet up with your ellen and luckily stopped any meddling he could have done . 
 but he knew that childs had been taken . 
 what he did n't know is that childs broke quickly under questioning . 
 the man has no spine , so he was eager to get out of the hangman 's noose . 
 in the end , his story collaborated much of yours . 
 we immediately arrested colonel smythe and captain wodenhill . '' 
 `` what about lyons ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i 'm afraid he got out of tremont before we knew of his involvement . '' 
 `` then how did you know that lyons was coming out to kill me ? '' 
 `` you should really get some more rest , but i 'll tell you anyways . 
 i know most of your story from what you told miss pennington . 
 you see , lyons was your pal , or at least he made it look that way . 
 but you needed help , and he never managed to come up with anything for you . 
 not one single good idea or lead . 
 i was curious , so i dug into his background and found that he was related to the colonel . 
 that was enough to make me suspicious of him . 
 once i found that your story was true , i knew that you were in grave danger once lyons disappeared from tremont . 
 i rushed back here by car , relieved the guards of duty and began watching your room from across the hallway . 
 he waited until the night came . 
 once he was in , i just listened at the door . 
 what he had to say was quite remarkable . '' 
 i felt incredibly tired but asked , `` what is going to happen to him ? '' 
 `` if there is any justice in the world he will be tried and executed . 
 but we shall see how this plays out . 
 i 'm afraid the judges will still have a hard time putting the black cap on when it comes to a member of the aristocracy - even a poor one at that . '' 
 nodding sleepily , i leaned back into my bed and let out a sigh of relief . 
 i was going to live through this war after all . 
 chapter 17 the end of my journey it was june and a fine sunday afternoon . 
 i decided to sit out on my back porch and enjoy the sun . 
 my right leg ached something terrible from the rain we had the night before . 
 but today the sun had broken through the clouds , so now i did not mind the pain . 
 i watched the wind rustling through the fresh leaves in the branches overhead . 
 `` are you alright ? '' 
 ellen shouted from the kitchen . 
 she was always looking out for my well-being even though i did n't need any help . 
 well , i did n't mind in the least . 
 learning to walk with a prosthetic leg has been difficult , but i could now move unaided . 
 it had been hard for her to make the change from nurse to civilian but she was managing just fine in our new home here in chicago . 
 her father had been disappointed when she had decided to marry me and live in america , but he did not raise any serious obstacles . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i called back . 
 and it was true . 
 i had gotten my old job back and had no urge to look for adventure again . 
 she came out to join me with a pitcher of lemonade and two glasses . 
 she sat next to me on the bench and poured out the drinks . 
 we smiled shyly at each other as we drank . 
 `` you 're looking lovely today , '' i commented . 
 and she was at that . 
 patting her pregnant stomach , she grinned at me . 
 `` you 're a sentimental man , '' she said . 
 `` i think i deserve it . '' 
 she pulled a letter off from the tray . 
 `` this came in the post today . '' 
 i took it and looked over the envelope . 
 it was posted from england and bore the name of marlowe carter . 
 i ripped it open and began reading the contents . 
 `` go on , '' ellen said impatiently , `` what does it say ? '' 
 `` why that randy bastard , '' i said out loud . 
 `` mind your mouth , '' ellen said , `` i do n't want my children picking up your army language . '' 
 `` he writes that his wife marie is expecting her second child this march . 
 and he goes on to write about the new house in the country they just bought . 
 it seems he is doing quite well with his bank work too - i always thought banking was beneath a true english gentleman . '' 
 `` two children , '' ellen murmured . 
 `` they 're quite blessed . '' 
 i put the letter back down on the tray . 
 `` tell me , do you ever miss being there ? 
 you know , now that the war is over ? '' 
 i rubbed my right thigh . 
 `` i miss owens . 
 i miss the use of my leg , but with you i gained more than i ever wanted . '' 
 `` you really are a sentimental man , '' she said and gave me a kiss on the cheek . 
 `` and i have every reason to be so , '' i replied and put my arm around her . 
 she rested her head against my shoulder . 
 we watched as the wind swept through the branches overhead . 
 it was a fine day . 
 ### connect with paul westwood online : blog : http://ofghostsandgunpowder.blogspot.com facebook : http://www.facebook.com/paulwestwoodbooks the works of paul westwood : the color of sin : las vegas . 
 devon pierce lives a life of his own choosing , surviving by his wits and violent actions . 
 for those in desperate need , he is the judge and executioner of last resort - above the law and incorruptible . 
 cleora kinney , an exotic dancer , has been wronged and the afghanistan treasure of her deceased father has been stolen . 
 only devon can set things right . 
 but first he must follow the clues found hidden deep in the shadowy underworld of the city of sin . 
 grave injustice : it had been in the warren family for years : the ancestral home deep in the south . 
 after the death of james 's reclusive uncle , the house is now his to sell . 
 but james is haunted by a childhood memory of a ghostly horror of a deceased young girl . 
 with the help of his wife beth , who is a law student , the young couple must solve a murder from the civil war and lay to rest the spirit that still haunts the grounds . 
 but the danger is not only in the past , but will come crashing into the present . 
 their lives and fortunes will be forever changed . 
 nano zombie : not all zombies are undead . 
 brent is a man who lives in the near future , a crumbling civilization where man feeds upon man . 
 escaping from the chaos of the city , he is suddenly thrust into an unspeakable nightmare of sickness and war . 
 in a world of apocalyptic horror , he battles for those he loves , an orphan girl and a woman with a mysterious past . 
 in the desolated countryside , brent fights to stay alive and find a cure to the most terrible disease that humanity has ever seen . 
 nano zombie redemption : this exciting sequel to nano zombie has emily battling to stay alive in a dying world . 
 now that her adopted father , brent , is gone she must learn how to survive on her own . 
 food has run out and the infecteds rule the dust-filled wasteland . 
 with danger at every turn , she , along with her companions , try to find a way to finally defeat the zombie hordes . 
 the horrific journey will test their bonds of friendship and even love . 
 horror america : move over sherlock holmes ! 
 when the supernatural game 's afoot , helpless people call on the good dr. townsend to save them . 
 ghosts , the undead , werewolves , and more horrors that man was not meant to see are loose in 1870s america , so it 's up to captain parker , a gunslinger for hire , and dr. townsend to stop the horror . 
 yet when townsend 's beautiful daughter falls under the spell of a mysterious suitor , their fortitude will be tested in a battle like no other . 
 written in a series of connected short stories narrated by parker , this novel will keep you turning pages late into the night . 
 lonely are the dead : 1977 . 
 a ruthless serial-killer is stalking bay city . 
 his purpose is unknown , but the dismembered victims are always young and beautiful . 
 in order to find the perpetrator , police detective markus has to set aside his personal troubles , and pull the evidence together before panic sweeps the city . 
 his only ally is karen dekker , a reporter with a tortured past and the chance to break the biggest story of her career . 
 the cursed sun : two centuries after the final war , civilization struggles to rise from the radioactive ashes of the new dark ages . 
 an innocent man turned outlaw is forced on a journey across a desolated landscape , risking his life to deliver a warning to the growing rebellion . 
 the message he carries will change the balance of power , and with it , the hopes of humanity . 
 murder at zero hour : william grant , an american , joins the british army during the great war . 
 he is posted to france , where he witnesses the horrors of war on the front line . 
 during a dangerous night patrol , a captain is murdered , leading to a series of unanswered questions . 
 with only his wits , grant must solve the mystery while keeping his own skin intact . 
 will he be a victim of war or just another victim ? 
 at harper 's ferry : the book that started it all . 
 jack blackwood is a lonely drunk who starts a detective agency in the heart of washington dc . 
 as fort sumter is attacked , he and his partner ezra are embroiled in a case that could change the very course of the war : the son of a retired congressman has gone missing , along with military papers outlining the union 's anaconda plan . 
 at the heart of the matter is a beautiful prostitute , a trail of dead men , and a spy who will stop at nothing to deliver the plans to the confederacy . 
 at bull run : the second book in the blackwood series . 
 a wealthy man hires jack blackwood to find the murderer of his only son , who had recently joined a newly-formed union cavalry regiment . 
 in a city crowded with temptation , the investigation uncovers a killer who is targeting prostitutes and soldiers alike , causing panic in the ranks . 
 only jack 's wits and the power of the colt can put a stop to the killings . 
 at shiloh : the third book in the blackwood series . 
 as grant 's army marches through tennessee , it is beset by guerilla fighters led by the traitorous major gardner . 
 an invaluable shipment of gold is stolen from the union and must be retrieved at all costs . 
 posing as a guntrader , jack must not only complete this impossible mission , but survive the perils of battle and the amorous advances of a widow trapped in an unfriendly town . 
 the blackwood trilogy : jack blackwood is a widower and a drunk . 
 ezra miller is an ex-slave in a white man 's world . 
 together , they run a detective agency in washington dc . 
 as the civil war rages , they are involved in a series of cases that will change the very course of the war . 
 this anthology collects all three adventures -- at harper 's ferry , at bull run , and at shiloh - at one low price . 
 free bonus chapter of the color of sin : it was supposed to have been a nice and quiet evening at home . 
 my current home being the an old warehouse that i had personally converted into apartments . 
 i , of course , had kept the entire top floor and left the space underneath empty so i would n't be bothered by the worst impulses of humanity : noise . 
 the other units brought in a tidy income though i purposefully kept the rents low enough to keep out the neuvo-rich . 
 instead , the building was populated with artists , workers , and a mish-mash of hustlers and conmen . 
 they were the type of people who kept to themselves and were n't always asking questions about the landlord above . 
 instead they were quite happy to get entrance to such a secure building at an affordable price . 
 and considering the area we lived in , d street avenue in las vegas , a little safety went a long way . 
 i was sitting on the sofa with my legs up on the footrest and half a gimlet at my elbow . 
 on my lap was a tablet . 
 i was scrolling through a map app , trying to find the best way to drive out of this town . 
 july was coming , which meant the hottest part of the year . 
 a vacation was due , and i was entertaining the thought of taking my car on an extended tour of oregon . 
 i really did n't want to leave - i liked this town - but i was overcome with a feeling of restlessness . 
 i had been bored as of late , which often happens in my line of work . 
 in the corner of my eye , i saw the graceful movement of melodie glass , who was working on some new dance moves . 
 she had come over for the privacy and the fact that i had a large space to practice in . 
 the massive je labs speakers and mark levinson electronics were an additional bonus . 
 the high-reved pop music sounded dismal to my ears , but she seemed to enjoy the fidelity as she stretched and contorted her dancer 's body into moves that only can be done by top-level gymnasts or professional strippers . 
 she was the latter sort . 
 melodie was pale with long black hair , smooth skin , and a face that revealed an asian ancestor . 
 she was skinny but well-endowed on top -- work done by a good plastic surgeon -- and had the well-muscled legs of someone who moved all day for a living . 
 she was wearing a faded black leotard with red legwarmers . 
 her hair was pulled back and kept in place with a hair clip . 
 though taller than your average woman , she was still a few inches shorter than myself . 
 she was working her body hard . 
 if i had installed a stripper pole , i 'm sure she would have been sweating even harder . 
 but instead , she was practicing her floor routine , the gyrations meant to keep the dollar bills coming . 
 with the stiff competition in vegas , the men and women who made their living at exotic dancing , melodie made sure to stay in shape and keep her dances fresh . 
 even with the air conditioning running at full blast , there was a slight odor of perspiration . 
 from the track lighting above i could see a gleam of sweat on her exposed skin . 
 i put the tablet down and took a sip of my drink . 
 lime juice mixed with gin had a wonderful way of sharpening the senses . 
 as i drank , i saw melodie stop . 
 she went over to the cd player and turned off the power , sending a momentary thump through the speakers . 
 i frowned , knowing that something serious was on her mind . 
 `` devon ? '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 i replied as i set my drink back down . 
 she took a step closer . 
 `` is it true what people say about you ? '' 
 `` what do people say ? '' 
 `` that you help people in need . '' 
 `` i do n't think i 've ever been called charitable . '' 
 `` you know what i mean . '' 
 i gave her a half of a smile . 
 `` yes , it 's true that i help those who ca n't help themselves . 
 of course there has to be some profit in it . '' 
 i vaguely pointed at the luxury furnishings and the expensive rug at our feet . 
 `` this sort of stuff does n't come cheap . 
 i am , after not , not running a charity here . 
 but there are some rules to the game . 
 the first , of course , is that i wo n't go killing for money . 
 the second is that i wo n't harm the innocent , though the latter is questionable since i have never met anyone who is truly innocent . '' 
 `` you 're the most cynical man i 've ever met , '' she purred . 
 `` i prefer the word experienced . 
 but i did not earn my money by doing anything that is unethical -- within the confines of what i consider ethical , that is . '' 
 she leered at me . 
 `` that leaves a wide range of possibilities , honey . '' 
 she instantly turned serious again . 
 `` maybe you really could help a friend of mine . 
 her name is cleora kinney . 
 she 's a co-worker of mine at the pussycat lounge . 
 she 's only been there a few days and anyone can tell that she is n't cut out for the life . 
 but i do know that she needs help and i ca n't think of anyone but you . '' 
 i scratched my chin in thought . 
 after a few moments of this , i said , `` i was n't exactly planning to be in town for very much longer . 
 anyway , i 'm not hurting for money right now . '' 
 `` this is something interesting . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 i asked , taking the bait . 
 `` last night , after our shift was done , we got to drinking and talking . 
 after a few beers she opened up and told me everything . 
 we 're talking a lot of money here . '' 
 `` a few thousand dollars ? 
 a hundred thousand ? '' 
 `` maybe it would be better if you would talk to her yourself . 
 i would hate to tell you the wrong thing and have you turn down the job . 
 she can explain it better than i can . '' 
 `` now you 've got me interested . '' 
 she closed the space between us with a few sultry steps -- all hips and doe-like eyes . 
 it was a good performance that got my heart racing , even though i knew the act was as false as a street bought rolex . 
 she said , `` that 's the point , honey . 
 she 'll be here in a few minutes . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she reached over and ran a hand through my hair . 
 `` do n't worry , you 'll like her . 
 everyone does . '' 
 she then sauntered off , showing her backside to good effect . 
 she went back to the stereo , turned the cd back on , and began to dance to the rhythm of the music . 
 i returned my attention to the gimlet . 
 i took a drink and tasted nothing . 
 i was too busy being angry with melodie to notice the flavor . 
 i put the glass down and tried to return my attention to the map on the tablet . 
 but the route i had chosen instead blurred and disappeared from my vision . 
 instead i busily thought of the possibilities : a changed will that left the poor girl out of a sizable estate , a drug dealing boyfriend , or some stolen merchandise that she knew about . 
 dancers like that were always making friends with rich men who wanted to share their wealth . 
 what could be different with this woman ? 
 the door buzzer went off . 
 it was just barely audible over the thump of the music . 
 i got up off the sofa , threw melodie a nasty smile , and went to unlock the steel reinforced door . 
 after that , it was a walk to the elevator that i had specially modified so that it took a code to access my two floors . 
 as an extra precaution , the door leading to the staircase was locked with thick doors at the floor levels . 
 with the wired alarm system i had installed myself , no one could get inside without me knowing . 
 in case i was out of the building , i had a computer setup to send an email to my cellphone . 
 this may all sound rather paranoid , but when you do my type of work , a little caution goes a long way . 
 the door to the elevator opened . 
 i got inside , selected the ground floor , and waited impatiently as i was taken slowly down . 
 in the entryway , i saw a young blonde waiting behind the door . 
 the glass of this entryway was reinforced with chicken wire . 
 the wood was thick and old , an original part of the warehouse . 
 with a flourish , i opened the door and let her in . 
 `` i 'm cleora , '' she said as she offered her hand . 
 `` devon pierce , '' i replied . 
 we shook . 
 `` come right this way . '' 
 in silence , we rode up in the elevator . 
 there i studied her . 
 in profile she looked good . 
 with small features , she looked more like a teenager than a woman who works the stage for a living . 
 her nose was straight and the color of her eyebrows matched the color of her blonde hair . 
 she had honest to goodness freckles , blue eyes , and a page boy haircut . 
 she was wearing a shapeless top and a black skirt that went down to the knees . 
 long white socks and tennis shoes added to the school girl effect . 
 the calves had the muscled tone of a dancer . 
 i could see why men would like her , but there was also a coldness there that would be hard to penetrate . 
 `` come right this way , '' i said as i opened the door to my apartment . 
 she went in and let out a gasp . 
 it 's a common enough reaction when new visitors see the wood floors , plush rugs , the paintings on the brick wall , the gleaming stereo , and the herman miller furniture . 
 the entire effect was that of stylish modernity and was a far cry from the ghetto streets a few stories below us . 
 this was my hideaway from the world and only trusted souls were allowed into the inner sanctum . 
 part of my annoyance with melodie was giving access to her friend iwithout my permission . 
 but if you ca n't trust your friends , than who can you trust ? 
 `` are you a drug dealer ? '' 
 cleora asked . 
 seeing the arrival of her friend , melodie stopped the cd player . 
 i noticed that this time she had done it correctly by using the buttons . 
 she said , `` no , and he 's not part of the mob either . 
 he 's just a rich bastard . '' 
 i could see that this answer did nothing to clear up the confusion . 
 i added , `` i 'm not that rich . 
 but i do like to live comfortably . 
 as for my income , i consider myself as a sort of an investor . 
 this building , for example , used to be a warehouse . 
 i provided apartments for the people of this neighborhood and in the process built a place for myself that i found comfortable . 
 i also have other interests that meet my financial needs . '' 
 `` but why this neighborhood ? 
 you could be living big in summerlin . '' 
 that was a more swank part of town . 
 melodie answered , `` devon here is n't like other people . 
 he likes to associate with conmen , junkies , and strippers . 
 he thinks normal people are boring . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` and their lives are rather boring without the sort of problems i find interesting . 
 perhaps i could help you . '' 
 melodie said , `` cleora , why do n't you tell devon here all about your problem . 
 i 'll go shower and change . '' 
 with those words , she went down the hallway and went into the bathroom . 
 the sound of running water was immediately heard . 
 it was obvious that cleora was feeling uncertain , so i went over to the bar and fixed her a drink . 
 while i was pouring out the vodka , she sat down at the stool and waited until i was done . 
 she gratefully accepted the screwdriver , taking a tentative sip . 
 she said , `` i do n't feel right being here . 
 i mean what can anyone do for me ? '' 
 `` i do n't know anything about your situation so i ca n't possibly answer your question . 
 but we could start at the beginning . '' 
 cleora gave me a shy look , an honest to goodness inside view at the real woman underneath the veneer of the armor she must have developed in her line of work . 
 i could see why melodie said that this girl was not cut out for the job as an exotic dancer . 
 she finally said , `` okay , but this is going to sound a little crazy . '' 
 `` try me . '' 
 `` my real name is amy . 
 cleora is my professional name -- everyone uses it except my sister . 
 you see i was an army brat . 
 that meant i never had a real home . 
 instead my family traveled from base to base . 
 five years ago , when i was eighteen , i got pregnant . 
 this happened over in henderson . '' 
 this was a suburb that southwest of las vegas . 
 `` we were living in a little ranch home in a neighborhood luckily my old man was off on his first tour in afghanistan when i found out i was going to have a child or else there would have been hell to pay . 
 the father of the baby was a boy named timothy king who was an awkward kid i went to school with . 
 there was nothing ever serious about us , instead we were just friends who liked to fool around . 
 i do n't know where he is now . 
 i really do n't care . 
 so i had a little girl . 
 she 's named madison . 
 she 's the only reason i came to you . 
 i want her to go to college . 
 i want her to have the things that i never had . '' 
 i nodded and did n't say anything . 
 now that she was on a roll there was no stopping her now . 
 `` my father bill kinney was a captain in the special forces , doing some type of work for the government . 
 it was all hush-hush , you know , top secret . 
 we were never rich , that 's for sure . 
 but somehow when he was sent over to afghanistan , he must have discovered some way to make money . 
 i do n't know what it was or how he got it back to the states , but that 's not important . 
 i know it had to be illegal , whatever he did . 
 i mean they do n't hand out free cash to soldiers , do they ? 
 but he was a hard man who thought he was the toughest thing on the planet . 
 the older he got , the more he had to prove himself . 
 a week after he returned from his final combat tour , he went out to the bar . 
 he got into a fight with a younger man - some tough college football player . 
 it must have been a lucky punch , because apparently my father just folded up like a house of cards when he got hit in the side of the head . 
 he never regained consciousness . 
 he died two days later . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry to hear that . '' 
 she gave a shrug . 
 `` that was two years ago . 
 i was n't that sad at the time . 
 and i 'm not exactly grieving now . '' 
 `` how did you find out about the money ? '' 
 `` when bill came back , he could n't keep it a secret . 
 he told my mother and my sister kim and i that we were going to be rich soon . 
 he also told us that we could n't tell a soul . 
 he made us promise . '' 
 i pursed my lips together . 
 `` did your father tell you the source of this new found wealth ? '' 
 she shook her head and took another sip of her drink . 
 `` i thought he was making it up . 
 not that he was the sort of person to lie , but he came back from the war a changed man . 
 he was a drunk . . 
 he was abusive toward my mother . 
 he threatened my little girl . 
 i thought he was telling us lies about the money to keep us happy . '' 
 i was skeptical now . 
 `` what made you change your mind ? 
 i mean one day you do n't believe him and the next you 're suddenly sure that there is a fortune just waiting for you . '' 
 `` i 'm getting there . 
 eight months ago a man named keith miller came to the door . 
 he ended up staying with us . 
 he claimed to have known my father over in afghanistan ; that they had served together in the green berets . 
 he was just out of the army and looking for a job . 
 my mother let him stay with us until he could get back on his feet . 
 i wish she had thrown the bum out on his ass . '' 
 the sudden venom caught me by surprise . 
 but before i could say anything , she continued on , her jaw tight and unyielding . 
 `` keith said he knew my father well . 
 he said they had spent two tours together . 
 he had no family and nowhere to go . 
 at first he seemed so kind . 
 he was good with his hands and really helped around the house . 
 after a few weeks , he even got a job as a bouncer at the club i worked at in henderson . 
 he is n't a big guy but he 's got muscle . 
 i 've seen him fight and toss out some real tough guys . 
 i admit that it felt good to have someone strong around . 
 he seemed to like me and my daughter quite a lot . 
 and with my mother sick with lung cancer , my sister and i really needed him . 
 `` in the end i fell in love with keith . 
 we might as well have been married , that 's how close he was to me . 
 he seemed to be a good man . 
 and when mother died , kim quit job as receptionist so she could take care of her two sons from a former marriage and my daughter . 
 it was up to keith and i to bring in the money . 
 things were tight and i was glad for all the help i could get from him . 
 but there was some strange quirk about keith that became quite bothersome . 
 you see he loved to talk about my father . 
 i thought he was just waxing nostalgic about an old comrade , wanting to know bill 's habits : where he liked to visit , or where my dad hunted , or what kind of work he had done around the house . 
 keith also took a real keen interest in gardening and found some excuse to dig up most of the yard . 
 i did n't pay any attention to this until the day that he left . '' 
 `` it sounds like he was looking for something , '' i commented dryly . 
 she took the final sip from her glass . 
 the ice cubes were all melted . 
 i also noticed that the water in the bathroom was off and melodie had n't come out yet . 
 `` whatever it was , he found it , '' she said . 
 `` one day i awoke and keith was gone . 
 he only took his personal stuff and never showed up at work . 
 this two months ago . 
 to be honest , i was n't all that surprised . 
 i knew that he was n't that good for me . 
 but there was one strange thing that really got me shook up . 
 in the back of that house was a patio that was n't much larger than one of your rugs . 
 it was made with old flagstones . 
 one of them had been removed . 
 underneath was a hole that contained a scrap of canvas that was olive green . 
 i can tell you that it did n't take too many leaps of the imagination to put the pieces together . 
 something , perhaps that money my father talked so much about , had been hidden there . 
 `` i was angry as hell . 
 i thought i would never see keith again . 
 i had to quit my job at henderson and come to vegas to get a better paying job . 
 but just last week , after i had gotten out my shift at my new job at the pussycat lounge , i was driving home . 
 i saw him outside of the sands casino , pulling some breezy redhead out of a new lexus with temporary tags . 
 she looked high maintenance and much too rich for a man like him . 
 before i could find a parking spot , the two of them disappeared inside . 
 i searched around the casino but did n't see them . 
 i ended up camping in the lobby . 
 it was an hour later when he came out with that woman . 
 like a fool , i ran after him , demanding all sorts of explanations . 
 he practically ran away , dragging that bitch with him . 
 they hopped into that car and took off . 
 i ran to my car and started following them . 
 two blocks later , he dropped her off at the entrance of a ritzy condo called eastgate . 
 after that , i lost him in the traffic . 
 i think he knew that i was following him . '' 
 `` and you think he found the money that your father hid ? 
 perhaps he just shacked up with a new woman . '' 
 cleora actually blushed . 
 `` i can tell you that keith is n't the type who can a snooty woman fall for him . 
 he 's different -- uneducated and good with his hands . 
 he 's no gigolo . '' 
 i let out a small sigh of exasperation . 
 `` it 's a general observation of mine that woman of all classes are n't particular when it comes to a man 's background . 
 if they like what they see , then they 'll try and get him . '' 
 `` you do n't know keith . 
 he 's a brute . 
 and i 'm not just saying that out of hatred . 
 he can be tender and even sweet , but there 's an anger inside of him that is downright scary . 
 i have the scars to prove it . 
 no woman in her right mind would be with him long . 
 as i said , i was glad when he was gone . 
 i also got scared that he would come after me , once there were n't any witnesses around . 
 he can be cruel if he think he 's been wronged . 
 i 'm glad that i left henderson . '' 
 `` you no longer live with your sister ? '' 
 `` no , i share an apartment with one of the girls from the pussycat . 
 it 's easier that way . 
 i send my extra money back to my sister , who is busy taking care of my daughter , and visit them on the weekends . '' 
 `` would you like another drink ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` no thanks . 
 so will you take on my case ? '' 
 `` i 'm not a private detective . 
 let me give it some thought and i 'll get back to you . '' 
 cleora dragged a cellphone out from the heavy purse that was still slung over her shoulder . 
 `` would you like my number ? '' 
 `` that wo n't be necessary at this time . 
 i 'll contact you through melodie . '' 
 after that , i walked her down to the front entrance . 
 i waited until she got into her car -- a beat up kia -- and drove away . 
 deep in thought , i went back to the apartment . 
 once the door shut , i could hear the melodie humming some unknown song . 
 the sound was coming from the bedroom . 
 i went there , walking gently on the sides of my feet . 
 `` hey , '' i said through the half-open door . 
 `` why do n't you come in ? '' 
 her voice was low and filled with desire . 
 i took a few steps inside . 
 with the gauze curtains across the windows , the room was dim . 
 i could just see the stickley bed and matching side tables with their tiffany lamps . 
 lying on top of the bed was melodie . 
 she was n't wearing anything at all except for a smirk . 
 the look suited her quite well . 
 she was propped up on a pair of pillows , her long black and wet hair leaving a dark stain on the cotton . 
 there was no extra fat on this specimen , only toned but shapely muscles that only accentuated her natural curves . 
 she was n't shy about me looking either , but we had our fling in the past so there was nothing new that melodie could share with me . 
 `` so what do you think of my new friend ? '' 
 she asked . 
 she said the words casually as if we were talking on a street corner . 
 i sat down on the edge of the bed . 
 `` i like her . 
 it appears that cleora has led a tough life . 
 but she still managed to find her way through . 
 that proves she 's got her head on right . '' 
 `` i like her too . 
 so will you help her out ? '' 
 `` i 've got to think about it . 
 there is a lot i need to know before i can even began to find out what was stolen from her . '' 
 `` so do think really think that this keith character did find something that her father buried in the backyard ? '' 
 `` it seems plausible . 
 bill kinney served in afghanistan . 
 to me that means poppies , opium , and heroin . 
 with all the supplies being ferried back and forth , it would n't be that hard to smuggle some drugs into the country . 
 you know as well as i do that it is a quick and dirty way to make some money . '' 
 before i could react , melodie grabbed my arm . 
 i did not resist as he pulled me closer , guiding my hand to one of her perfectly formed breasts . 
 that plastic surgeon really was a genius . 
 but before my fingers touched the ruby hardness of her nipple , pulled back , easily breaking her grip . 
 `` damn it , devon , '' she said sourly . 
 i rubbed my chin and stared into her dark eyes . 
 `` you know as well as i do , melodie , that the game is over between you and i. anyway , i thought you had a new boyfriend . '' 
 `` i do , '' she said nastily as she swung her legs over the edge of the bed and stood up . 
 `` hold on , i did n't mean to hurt your feelings . '' 
 `` it 's too damn late , '' melodie spat out . 
 she ran out of the bedroom and into the bathroom where she slammed the door with enough force to make the internal walls shake . 
 she was a strong girl . 
 i went back to the living room . 
 there i began to paw through some records that were tucked inside a bookcase . 
 i found a handel record . 
 i went over to the goldmund turntable , turned it on and , after turning a few knobs , had some glorious baroque music pouring elegantly out of the speakers . 
 i stood in front of the stereo and listened intently , trying not to think of what could have happened in that bedroom . 
 do n't get me wrong , i liked melodie quite a bit and felt like a fool for turning her down , but i also did not want to rekindle that old flame . 
 before we had broken up , things had gotten complicated . 
 i was happy to be friends with her and did n't want anything more than that -- or so i told myself . 
 when she finally came out of the bathroom , melodie was dressed in her street clothes : a miniskirt , a red sleeveless top , and a pair of high heels . 
 her damp hair was twisted into two long braids . 
 a plastic grocery bag containing her workout clothes were in hand . 
 she looked shyly at me , unable to meet my eyes . 
 this was so unlike her that i felt a moment of pity . 
 `` a fight with angelo ? '' 
 this was melodie 's boyfriend , a small-time hustler who i personally disliked . 
 of course i generally did n't cotton to anyone who sold cocaine . 
 she nodded . 
 `` it was a bad one . 
 i was just trying to prove something to myself . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` it 's no problem . '' 
 `` i wish things had worked out between us . 
 if they did , i would n't be stuck with angelo . 
 he can be such a bastard sometimes . '' 
 i raised an eyebrow . 
 `` so can i. things were n't always smooth sailing between the two of us . '' 
 she frowned , her eyes misted with tears . 
 `` angelo is my keith . 
 they both take advantage of women who are in need . 
 but i ca n't help myself . 
 that 's why i feel so strongly about cleora . 
 you have to do something for her . '' 
 `` i 'll have to think about it , '' i said . 
 `` come on , let 's get you home . '' 
 i escorted her down to her car , a new mini cooper . 
 a chaste kiss on the cheek and i sent her on her way . 
 i watched the taillights recede into the maze of traffic . 
 i could already feel the heat of the day slowly start to give away to the chill of the desert night . 
 it would take hours of time but it was inevitable . 
 around me were the sounds of civilization : people talking , the thud of a car door shutting , and the low rumble of an airplane flying overhead . 
 but i was far away from all of that . 
 instead i was thinking that i needed some time and space to forget . 
 and only then could i make a decision . 
