 where to belong w.j. smith copyright © 2011 w.j. smith smashwords edition for my sister , gwen . 
 welcome back . 
 chapter one in this life the cramped helicopter rattled and wrestled with itself as it tried to gain altitude in the cloudless night sky . 
 madison glanced out the window behind her to confirm they were actually rising instead of falling . 
 she then turned back to the narrow gurney and her wounded friend upon it . 
 he looked rough . 
 `` hang in there , skyler , '' she shouted over the ruckus of the chopper . 
 his blue eyes opened for a moment as he grasped at the hand she had pressed to his bandaged chest . 
 madison studied him as she thought over their failed assignment . 
 she could n't understand what had happened . 
 it went horribly wrong . 
 someone must have set them up . 
 her team followed the rules and conducted themselves flawlessly . 
 they walked right into a trap . 
 it had to have been . 
 now , skyler was hurt and morgan made the choice to stay and complete their assignment on his own . 
 with her free hand , she tugged at the ring hanging from the delicate gold chain around her neck . 
 she was n't supposed to wear the engagement ring during assignments . 
 it might give away her identity , or morgan . 
 tucking it back into her shirt , she looked again to the window and wished her love to stay safe and hurry back to her . 
 on the outskirts of miami , the light of the full moon glinted off the exterior of the abandoned factory building . 
 there was n't any illumination from within the three story structure beside the pier , but madison knew it was active despite the darkness . 
 she peered at it and searched for any hint as to where morgan might be . 
 then , without warning , there was an explosion . 
 the building was engulfed by a fireball that sent debris in every direction as it reached skyward . 
 the helicopter shook violently as the pilot veered away from the growing flames . 
 everything went silent . 
 she could no longer hear the struggling chopper or the desperate ramblings of the pilot or the concussion of the blast . 
 she flinched away from the window and choked off a scream . 
 madison awoke breathless from the repeated nightmare . 
 the seemingly inescapable images stained her memory and held her thoughts . 
 another night lost to the eight-year-old haunting . 
 the frigid night air was an instant reminder as to where she was . 
 she stared at the window she had left open to the chicago winter once again . 
 a breeze drifted to where she lay beneath the refuge of blankets . 
 she shivered and watched as wisps of her exhaled breath danced lazily , giving her frantic pulse time to calm . 
 the warm body curled against her back did n't move . 
 `` i think it 's snowing , victor . '' 
 she reached back and petted the charcoal-gray coat of the large cat . 
 he only purred in response , still not relinquishing his shelter from the cold . 
 a glance at the clock on her nightstand told the time . 
 three-eighteen . 
 it was too early to head to her usual bakery for a fresh breakfast , but not too early to start the day . 
 she had given up long ago on trying to go back to sleep after the unrelenting nightmares . 
 madison dragged the heavy window shut and latched it . 
 she pulled on her sweats in the dark , managed to get the sock cap over her thick , brown curls , and laced up her sneakers . 
 an early morning run would fill her time until the bakery opened . 
 the slushy streets of her little italy neighborhood were far from inactive . 
 that was one reason she loved the area . 
 she was n't italian or even related to any italians , but she still felt welcome in the family-oriented community . 
 everyone knew everyone . 
 in her five years of living here , she had become comfortable . 
 it was still earlier than she hoped by the time she rounded the block of her favorite bakery . 
 it was not yet time for the family-owned establishment to open , but they invited her in anyway . 
 they were there , already working on the offerings for the day . 
 she sat at the counter with a cup of hot coffee and chatted lightly with the husband and wife team as they moved easily about the open kitchen . 
 the two never slowed . 
 gloria tended to trays of pastries , her graying hair pulled tight in a bun on the back of her head . 
 her plump , red cheeks always made her look cheery . 
 gerry , much taller and thinner than his wife , had his sleeves rolled up and kneaded dough vigorously . 
 their conversation was mainly about the weather and the few happenings in the neighborhood . 
 madison stocked their newspaper shelf when the day 's edition was dropped off . 
 she then returned to the counter and related the headlines to the couple as they finished their first batch of goodies . 
 `` how is victor doing these days ? '' 
 gloria asked as she passed a buttered scone to madison . 
 the cat was originally from the alley behind their bakery . 
 he was a just kitten when they found him . 
 they could n't keep him themselves and gloria nearly worried herself sick trying to find a safe place for the tiny kitten . 
 madison took him in readily and had him ever since , shy of three years now . 
 `` he 's a cat , gloria . 
 he 's fat and happy , '' gerry called from his place beside the large oven . 
 madison laughed and thanked gloria as she took in the aroma of the scone . 
 `` he is fat and happy , '' she said . 
 `` he is also under house arrest . '' 
 gloria shook her head , `` that poor cat . 
 what did he do to deserve that ? '' 
 `` he roughed up the chihuahua from the first floor . 
 i 'm sure it asked for it , but it is the landlord 's dog , so victor got in trouble . '' 
 `` as much as i do n't like cats , '' gerry said lightly , `` i like those yappy dogs even less . '' 
 madison shrugged . 
 `` yeah , well , at least it finally convinced them to replace my window screens . 
 no more victor going out and no more flies coming in . '' 
 gloria smiled and set a brown paper bag on the counter . 
 `` i made him some breakfast as well . 
 i 'll have to stop by some time and see how big he has gotten . '' 
 `` any time . '' 
 madison nodded . 
 `` i 'm sure he says ` thank you ' for the goodies . '' 
 gerry grumbled at the two , `` it 's just a cat . '' 
 they chuckled to themselves as gloria scooted the bag closer . 
 madison visited with the couple a little while longer , finishing her cup of coffee and welcoming a few more early morning regulars . 
 she ordered two more of the fresh scones to go and went her way . 
 the jog back was brisk . 
 the streets were alive with the start of a new day . 
 back at her building , she made her way up the three flights of stairs toward her floor . 
 the familiar smells and sounds varied at each level . 
 the first floor always smelled of bread and sausage and not just in the morning . 
 she could hear the landlord 's little dog barking until she started up the second flight . 
 that floor offered a more smokey smell mixed with coffee and a hint of fresh laundry . 
 it was also a quieter floor even though the canary two doors down sounded out its happy song . 
 the third floor was home . 
 she tip-toed past the first door in hopes of passing undetected . 
 holding her breath , she fumbled for her keys and turned the lock . 
 the sound of the neighbor 's door opening told her she was caught . 
 `` morning , enzo , '' she chirped before the young man next door could come with his usual greeting . 
 he stepped out into the hall and shook his head . 
 `` i offer to run with you in the mornings and you still go alone . 
 it is n't safe for a nice , young woman like yourself to roam the streets . 
 madi , i mean it , i 'm only looking out for you . '' 
 madison paused in opening her door and turned to him with a shy smile . 
 she was running out of excuses . 
 enzo was a nice guy and a friendly neighbor , but he had made it clear he was interested in much more . 
 she had made the mistake of striking up conversations every time she saw him when she first moved into the building . 
 it was his thick italian accent that she loved . 
 but now , he was the one dropping by unannounced and looking for reasons to spend time together . 
 `` it 's ugly out there this morning , '' she started as she met his honey brown eyes . 
 `` it 's so cold and wet i regretted going out . '' 
 madison held up the bag of scones and handed it to him . 
 `` but i brought you some breakfast , gloria and gerry 's special . '' 
 enzo took the peace offering and shifted towards his door . 
 he inspected the contents , then looked back to madison with a nod . 
 `` it is a little cold out . 
 i did n't hear you leave so i thought you finally took a morning off . 
 maybe next time . '' 
 `` maybe next time , '' she said and stepped into her apartment . 
 she leaned on the door as she closed it , breathing a sigh of relief . 
 she listened carefully to the happenings on the other side . 
 enzo had n't shut his yet , unless she already missed it . 
 there was a light rapping on her door , startling madison as she concentrated on the hall behind her . 
 `` lock your door , madi . 
 just looking out for you . '' 
 `` thank you , enzo , '' she called through the door that divided them as she engaged the three locks , doing so loudly just to satisfy the man . 
 after giving victor a portion of the goodies gloria sent , which he ate while purring thunderously , madison moved about her modest apartment to get ready for the day . 
 she did n't mind the cramped kitchen where she ate her meals alone at the counter . 
 nor did she mind the sparsely furnished living room with its small television and the matching potted plants beside the two windows . 
 even the humble bedroom which was just big enough for her queen size bed and a nightstand was all she needed . 
 her little apartment had the one thing she was looking for in a home . 
 it had a beautiful view . 
 at night she could see the lights of the chicago skyline in the distance over the top of the buildings across the street . 
 it was n't a waterfront or a park view , but the lights were dazzling . 
 she did n't have to be in the heart of the bustling city to get that . 
 she was a city girl . 
 she would never deny that . 
 she had grown up on the east coast and spent her most memorable years in miami . 
 there she knew she would spend the rest of her days with morgan . 
 her plans did n't include their line of work getting him killed and her being run out of town . 
 she did n't even know what she was running from , but she did n't stop until her lack of funding prevented her from catching another plane . 
 madison took on a new identity and picked up honest work . 
 no more safe cracking . 
 she learned that one has to work twice as hard when it 's honest . 
 her identity card said she was now meredith turner , but she still went by madison . 
 she never was any good at false identities . 
 but she played by the rules and kept her nose clean and now had a life of her own to prove it . 
 she blended in on the bus and the train , even in her work uniform . 
 her coworkers respected her . 
 she was yet to take a sick day and never turned down overtime . 
 her boss regularly teased her about the vacations she never took . 
 she was always looking at travel brochures claiming they were for time away , but she was simply keeping her options open . 
 she had been in this city for some time now and being still made her nervous . 
 after running for three years straight , it was still hard for her to feel safe . 
 as a security guard at a privately owned treasury , madison used her knowledge of safes in a different way . 
 where she once discovered a safe 's weakness and exploited it , she now insured no one would be able to access a safe or vault without the proper means . 
 she did n't have any specialized titles or classification , but she had nonetheless gained recognition within the company . 
 they recently placed her in charge of the security detail concerning certain items trusted to the facility . 
 she took her job very seriously . 
 the day at work passed rather uneventfully as usual . 
 a quiet day was a good day . 
 the newest recruit felt otherwise , drilling the other workers for their knowledge of more hectic times with the company . 
 madison and another coworker , bradley , did n't give the new guy anything he was looking for . 
 only two of the older officers could recall minor incidents during their time but nothing worthy of the evening news . 
 bradley started the same time she had four years ago . 
 they attended the same night school where they received their certifications and then were recommended to the company . 
 madison considered him a friend . 
 he was a single dad with two kids who demanded much of his time . 
 she admired his focus . 
 his kids were obviously the reason for his existence . 
 she adored his kids and they seemed to return her sentiments . 
 jeremy was fourteen going on thirty . 
 evelyn was nine and surprisingly sweet despite being the only girl in her house . 
 madison clocked out at the end of the day and stopped by the office to confirm the schedule for next week . 
 she was given the day shift of sunday to thursday once again . 
 she preferred working nights though her boss insisted on her taking the days . 
 he said it was because of her better people skills . 
 she made her way to the bus stop and was surprised to find bradley waiting . 
 the noticeably tall man was looking at his watch and huddling against the post as she approached him , his sandy brown hair tousled by the wind . 
 she called to him over the noise of the passing traffic , `` need a ride home ? '' 
 he looked up and smiled . 
 he always appeared nervous to madison when she would catch him off guard . 
 `` no , '' he stammered as he gestured at the parking garage , `` i was just making sure you could still make jeremy 's ceremony tonight . 
 i understand if you 're busy . 
 i should have said something earlier . '' 
 `` i 'll be there , '' she said with a shake of her head . 
 she had forgotten about it , but would have remembered when she saw the note she left on her closet door so she would n't stand up the fourteen-year-old genius . 
 bradley 's smile heartened . 
 `` good , he is so excited . 
 evelyn too . 
 they have big plans for tonight . 
 do you want me to pick you up ? '' 
 `` no , thank you . 
 i 'll take the train . '' 
 `` all right then , see you there , '' he said as he started for the garage . 
 `` see you there . '' 
 she watched him trot away as it began to snow . 
 chapter two a new home the bus ride seemed to take forever . 
 she knew she was pushing it if she was to get to the school across town on time . 
 the weather was n't a hindrance , but it was friday , and fridays were always busy in the city . 
 madison changed and hurried to catch the train . 
 she dodged another barrage of questioning from enzo as she took the stairs two at a time . 
 he offered to walk her to the train . 
 she did n't even slow as she reasoned she was already late and could n't spare another moment . 
 the train came into the station as she stepped onto the platform . 
 she found a seat as soon as she was aboard and plopped down to catch her breath . 
 she tugged off her hat which refused to keep its place as her winter teased curls rejected any attempt to be contained . 
 the brown spirals tickled her cheeks as she watched the station signs zip by . 
 she was ten minutes late by the time the train came to her stop . 
 madison rushed as best she could down the crowded walkways and sidewalks . 
 the neighborhood was warm even though it had a fluffy layer of new snow all around . 
 families filled the sidewalks and the restaurants she passed by . 
 she returned each cheerful smile and greeting she received along the way . 
 the school finally came into view a few blocks from the train station . 
 the auditorium was full for the award ceremony . 
 madison stood in the back as she scanned the audience for bradley . 
 there were so many cheering people waving their arms as different names were called and she wondered if she would be able to find him within all the commotion . 
 much to her relief , evelyn came skipping up the aisle to her . 
 she smiled widely as she took madison by the hand and guided her to their seats . 
 she followed the little girl with her long , blonde hair in pigtails as she led her down close to the front . 
 `` sorry i 'm late , '' she whispered as she shuffled past bradley . 
 evelyn sat between them . 
 `` just in time . '' 
 there was a gleam of pride in his eyes as he pointed out his son who waited beside the stage . 
 madison sat back and joined in the applause as the announcer continued with the list , pausing as each student made their way across the stage . 
 jeremy 's turn came and bradley and evelyn cheered and jumped to their feet . 
 madison mirrored their enthusiastic display . 
 the lanky redhead turned as he accepted his award and gave a quick wave to his family , then strode off the stage . 
 the ceremony rolled on . 
 madison watched absentmindedly after a time . 
 she felt out of place . 
 she was surrounded by happy families of all ages and sizes . 
 her scattered past did n't include a family . 
 the concept was foreign to her . 
 she was bounced from one foster home to another until she finally set out on her own . 
 the closest thing she ever had to a family was when she found morgan . 
 her first real home was with him and skyler . 
 she reached up and tugged at the ring at her neck at the thought . 
 evelyn clung to her arm and brought her back to the present . 
 `` i love you , madison , '' the green eyed girl whispered as she cuddled closer . 
 she put her arm around evelyn and gave her a hug . 
 `` i love you , too . '' 
 madison usually did n't know how to respond to kids and easily admitted to the fact that they made her nervous . 
 she was oddly comfortable with both evelyn and jeremy for some reason . 
 she had even watched them on a few occasions when their regular sitter could not . 
 the ceremony concluded with another applause as the honored students filled the stage . 
 the audience stood and cheered one last time before everyone began to shift about either in exiting or collecting their family members . 
 there was a new hum of activity from the large crowd . 
 madison stood with bradley and evelyn as they awaited jeremy 's return . 
 the father and daughter were busy discussing dinner when madison 's attention strayed once again . 
 she felt as if she were being watched . 
 her eyes carefully searched the churning mass of people though she was not sure what she was looking for . 
 she could n't identify the source of her unrest , but neither could she shake the feeling . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 she forced a smile and turned to bradley . 
 `` yes , there 's just a lot of people in here . 
 would you mind if i waited outside ? '' 
 `` i 'll go with you ! '' 
 evelyn said as she snatched up her coat . 
 bradley answered before madison could . 
 `` i thought you were my date tonight . '' 
 `` but , daddy ... '' `` you 're fine right here . 
 we 'll catch up when we find your brother . '' 
 he nodded to madison and shuffled aside to provide her an escape . 
 `` thank you , '' she mouthed as she squeezed by and into the aisle . 
 `` we wo n't be long . '' 
 he offered a smile before she turned and moved on . 
 madison wove her way through the crowded aisles and into the front hall of the building . 
 she still sensed the spying eyes on her as she stepped out into the frozen night . 
 another glance around turned up nothing . 
 she was surrounded by unfamiliar faces , but none of them seemed to even notice her . 
 she walked a short distance from the busy school and stood with her back to a pillar . 
 the falling snow gave everything a hazy glow beneath the street lights . 
 the cold did n't touch her as she continued her watch . 
 the sounds of the cheerful people and the passing cars filled the scene around her . 
 she strained to single out anything that might seem out of place , but nothing held her attention . 
 `` i found you ! '' 
 the excited shout seemed to come out of nowhere as evelyn wrapped her arms around madison with little warning . 
 swallowing her start , she playfully hugged her and ruffled her pigtails . 
 evelyn continued to hold her as bradley slowly made his way through the assemblage , jeremy bobbing along behind him . 
 where the crowd began to thin , jeremy bounded around his dad and hurried to madison . 
 `` you made it ! '' 
 he said after a quick hug . 
 she straightened his red and white checkered tie . 
 `` you were great . '' 
 bradley gradually caught up and put his arm around his son . 
 `` so , where is dinner ? '' 
 the still beaming boy looked to madison and shrugged . 
 `` where do you want to go ? '' 
 `` it 's your night , jeremy , you pick . '' 
 he shook his head , `` i always have to pick . 
 you 're the guest tonight . '' 
 `` ah , '' she stalled as she glance about the three waiting faces . 
 `` what would i want if i were a fourteen-year-old brainiac who just won the coveted science award and will one day invent time travel ... '' `` time travel does n't need to be invented , '' jeremy said . 
 `` it already exists . 
 we simply have to harness it . '' 
 madison acknowledged the correction and mockingly bowed her head to him . 
 `` well , if i were to one day harness time travel , '' she started again with a chuckle , `` i would want ... '' she paused and narrowed her eyes and matched his stare , `` pizza ! '' 
 `` pizza ! '' 
 jeremy and evelyn both threw their hands up in victory . 
 `` pizza it is , '' bradley consented as he pulled out his keys . 
 `` i 'll get the car . '' 
 jeremy bolted in front of his dad , `` can i drive ? '' 
 `` sure , when you harness time travel . '' 
 he patted jeremy 's hatted head and gestured for them all to follow . 
 the four walked across the snow covered parking lot to the small car . 
 the kids gathered snow off the roof of the vehicle and threatened a snowball fight , but bradley 's fatherly glare defused it before it could begin . 
 madison waited for her door to be unlocked , taking a moment to glance around again , the feeling of being watched still potent . 
 she ducked into the car as soon as it was opened to her . 
 the feeling finally passed as they were sitting in the pizzeria . 
 madison let herself relax again and joined in the clever conversing of the family of three . 
 the dinner was lively without a dull moment to be had . 
 evelyn and jeremy were full of riddles and word games . 
 bradley even had a few to share . 
 it was getting late when they had devoured the entire monstrosity of a pizza . 
 madison was stuffed and she felt if she laughed much more she might explode . 
 she passed on dessert except for the cherry from evelyn 's ice cream . 
 the little girl would n't touch the treat while the cherry topped it . 
 she had planned to take the train home , but bradley insisted on driving her . 
 because of the disturbing feeling for most of the night , she was a little wary of public transportation and thus secretly grateful for the ride . 
 she enjoyed the extension of her time with him and his kids , and was a little saddened by how soon they pulled up in front of her building . 
 she bid evelyn and jeremy a goodnight as she got out of the car . 
 bradley walked her to the front step . 
 she waved at the kids when they stopped beside her building , then looked at bradley . 
 `` thanks for inviting me tonight . 
 it was fun . 
 you have a sweet family . '' 
 he gave a half smile and one sided shrug , `` i think i 'll keep them . '' 
 he laughed at himself and reached for the door , `` thank you for coming . 
 i know the kids enjoyed your company , and so did i. '' `` my pleasure . '' 
 she turned to go in as he slowly opened the door . 
 `` madison , '' he called her back . 
 `` i know we work together , and i do n't mean to make things awkward , but i just wanted you to know , i 'm here if you are up to spending more time with me , or the kids if you just like me for my kids . '' 
 she gave a warm smile as he fumbled in his delivery . 
 `` thank you , bradley . 
 that is really nice of you , and it 's not just the kids . '' 
 she fell short in her own reasoning . 
 she had n't told him of her lost morgan . 
 she had n't told anyone . 
 still , she clung to his memory with all her heart . 
 he shuffled his feet when she tugged at the ring on her necklace . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said shyly . 
 `` i did n't know if that 's what that was , i would n't have ... '' `` you do n't have to apologize . 
 it 's fine . '' 
 `` where is he , if you do n't mind my asking ? 
 i do n't mean to pry . 
 he 's a lucky guy . 
 i was just wondering . '' 
 bowing her head , madison tucked the ring back into her shirt . 
 she shifted and swallowed the lump in her throat . 
 `` he died , '' finally finding her voice . 
 bradley frowned , `` oh , i 'm sorry . '' 
 she shook her head and gave another forced smile , `` you 're fine . '' 
 `` are n't i on a roll ? '' 
 he said with a nervous snort . 
 `` what a way to ruin the evening , huh ? '' 
 madison pet his arm to let him know he had n't bothered her . 
 he apologized again and pulled her to him in a tight hug . 
 he did n't hold her long and stepped back just as quickly . 
 his expression was sympathetic and he puffed out another nervous breath . 
 `` do n't worry about it , bradley , really . 
 i 'm fine . 
 it 's just that i 'm ... '' `` not ready to move on just yet , '' he quietly concluded . 
 she gave a nod and another smile . 
 `` i understand . 
 i can respect that . '' 
 he backed towards his car and stuck his hands in his pockets . 
 madison accepted his exit and turned for the door . 
 `` madison , '' he called out in a meek tone . 
 she looked to him . 
 `` if you need anything , you know where to find me . '' 
 `` thank you . 
 i appreciate it . '' 
 he gave a deep nod and turned to his car . 
 madison watched him go , half laughing when she realized the windows fogged up where the kids had their faces pressed to them . 
 she waved from the front step while the family pulled out and drove off down the street . 
 the snow and slush squished noisily beneath the tires . 
 she was greeted by enzo as she climbed the last step to her floor . 
 he studied her and she acknowledged him without a word . 
 `` you 're out late , '' he began . 
 `` who is he ? '' 
 `` he 's a friend , '' she answered as she put her key in the door lock . 
 `` what does he have that i do n't ? '' 
 `` a badge . '' 
 he let out an unamused laugh . 
 `` would that be a real badge or like the one you have ? '' 
 `` goodnight , enzo , '' she said , letting her irritation sound in her tone . 
 `` i 'm just looking out for you , '' he grumbled as he moved to his opened door . 
 madison paused with her door partially opened . 
 `` enzo , did you follow me tonight ? '' 
 the tall man looked to her with a puzzled expression . 
 `` you told me to stop following you . '' 
 `` yes , i know . 
 and thank you for doing so . 
 you were here all night ? '' 
 `` i stepped out for a bite with the guys , but other than that , yes . '' 
 she softened and offered a weak smile , `` goodnight . '' 
 `` with you home safe , i will rest easy . 
 you too my dove . '' 
 the first thing she did once inside her apartment was to start a bath . 
 she let the water run while she rechecked her shopping list since tomorrow was grocery day . 
 there were n't any messages on her answering machine , so she hovered about her kitchen and poured a glass of wine . 
 madison eventually made her way to the tub . 
 she soaked in the hot water and sipped the wine . 
 she was determined to chase away the chill from the cold day and the more gloomy thoughts that weighed on her mind . 
 bradley 's offer was in the forefront . 
 it should have made her happy . 
 she was flattered and admittedly tempted to take him up on it . 
 he was a good friend , one of the very few she dared to spend time with outside of work . 
 she recalled his charming smile and all the times he walked her to the bus stop after their shifts when she would n't let him drive her home . 
 he would stand with her and claim he was giving his car time to warm up , but then he would fidget and the sound of his keys jingling in his pocket told a different story . 
 he always found some way to spend time together from the very beginning , like arranging to meet somewhere to study for class . 
 working with him meant coffee breaks on a regular basis . 
 he also made sure she received a personal invite to all the kids ' activities . 
 he was honest and sincere , and she was comfortable around him . 
 that comfort was ironically what made her hesitant to allow herself to get any closer to him . 
 it was n't just him or because he was her colleague , but her situation as a whole . 
 her current hold on life was too good to be true . 
 she loved her job and cared for those she worked with , especially bradley . 
 it was once something to keep her busy and a distraction to fill her time until she could find another city and life to slip off to . 
 she had gotten caught up in this make-believe life . 
 now she was reluctant to leave this place and those she had come to know . 
 she knew she had stayed too long . 
 no more than a year , that was what she used to limit herself to remain in one place . 
 it might have been because she was tired , but this time she lingered . 
 it had been so long since she last felt this way , and she wondered , could this be home ? 
 she was n't ready to call it home . 
 the title was taken and that home had been lost . 
 it seemed that the passing of time did little to soothe the aching she felt for morgan . 
 there was a hole in her life and she came to doubt it ever being filled again . 
 the void took the place that was once occupied not only by her loving relationship with morgan , but also the unwavering companionship of her best friend , skyler . 
 they were her whole world and she struggled with the knowledge that those attachments were gone . 
 madison caressed the gold chain and admired the simple ring as she wiped the soapsuds away . 
 it was the only thing she took with her from the shattered life . 
 the round diamond shone true to this day . 
 she did n't know if the ring still fit . 
 she had n't taken it off the chain in eight years . 
 and during those eight years , the chain had not once left her neck . 
 the dark memories that plagued her sleep and forced an early start to the day came to mind . 
 how could she move on with that day still so potent ? 
 what was meant to be the easiest assignment given to their small team ended up stealing away everything she treasured . 
 yes , looting crooks was n't a safe profession , but they had never been caught before . 
 even if they were suspected , who would a crook report them to ? 
 and that specific job was to be their last . 
 they would n't have had to befriended another reprobate and madison would n't have needed to crack another safe . 
 that vault supposedly held bonds that would have covered them for years to come . 
 no amount of valuable bonds measured up to what that botched job cost her . 
 and their safeguard , the inability of their chosen targets to go to the authorities , ended up being her final undoing . 
 who was she to go to for help ? 
 she had taken skyler to a clinic to be patched up and was scrambling to get him to safety when a call came through . 
 but it was on morgan 's phone that had somehow ended up in her pocket . 
 she answered it ; it was his handlers . 
 they said that it was up to her to get them what morgan had lost . 
 they knew her name and where she lived with morgan and skyler . 
 at last the full spectrum of her devastation began to set in . 
 she panicked . 
 there was only one thing she could do to save both her and skyler , a desperate move that would leave her crushed . 
 vanish . 
 taking a dry sip from the empty wineglass brought madison back to reality and convinced her to give up on the cooling bath water . 
 she was well ready for bed by that time , not wanting to think on those haunting days any longer . 
 the window stayed shut tonight , and the blinds were closed . 
 she turned her back to the hidden skyline as she settled in the covers . 
 her heart was n't in the city this night . 
 it was on the shores of miami . 
 her dreams revisited her past once again . 
 they were far less painful . 
 she was strolling along the beach with the rising tide , hand in hand with morgan . 
 his low voice mixed beautifully with the rhythm of the waves as he spoke . 
 his deep brown eyes sparkled with the sunset and left her spellbound . 
 she held him , nestling as close to him as she could , wishing she actually could feel the warmth of his dark skin against hers . 
 `` i love you , '' she whispered as he wrapped his strong arms around her . 
 she closed her eyes and breathed in his scent and the scent of the salty air around them . 
 chapter three i see you it was late in the morning when she finally awoke . 
 the street below her window sounded busy with the mixture of raised voices and steady traffic . 
 madison took her time getting up . 
 victor was no help as he offered a fleeting bit of warmth against her back . 
 before heading to the market for groceries , she checked with her neighbor one door down . 
 dafne was an elderly german woman whom lived alone . 
 she did n't get out much with the colder weather , so madison volunteered to add her list to her own on her regular grocery trips . 
 this trip only took on a few extra items , fresh fruit and vegetables . 
 two trains later she was at her favorite market area . 
 there were plenty of places to get groceries in her neighborhood , but she had grown fond of a little store just off the magnificent mile . 
 not only did she find everything on her list , there was always something new to discover . 
 the store offered home deliveries for both call-in and on-line orders , but she thoroughly enjoyed each trip there . 
 she felt like a kid in a candy store every time she set foot in the establishment . 
 the grocery list was tackled easily and well within budget . 
 to celebrate , madison chose a few additional things she had been considering from past browsing . 
 she talked herself into some homemade tamales and a small wheel of locally made , sharp cheddar . 
 a can of organic cat food even made it into her basket . 
 as she was waiting in line at the register , she again got the feeling that she was being watched . 
 she ignored it at first , telling herself she was being paranoid . 
 but after flipping through a magazine , the feeling remained . 
 she scanned the area around her and even stared out the wide-open double doors . 
 nothing seemed out of place . 
 the cashier had to repeat her greeting to gain madison 's attention . 
 she talked lightly with the younger woman in hopes to push out the nagging feeling . 
 the teenager bagging her purchases joined in the conversation as he sorted the items so as to fit them all within two paper bags , as usual . 
 he normally helped carry her groceries to the bus stop if the store was n't too busy , but they were packed today . 
 though she was by herself as she walked towards the stop , she still felt she was n't truly alone . 
 madison carefully set the two bags down , avoiding the puddles of slush , and kept her back to the waiting shelter . 
 she held her place for a few minutes before deciding she needed to keep moving . 
 the feeling did n't subside as she kept pace with the pedestrian traffic . 
 she made her way into the busier part of the shopping area where she was shoulder to shoulder with the people around her . 
 her course wound through the complex as she went in stores through one set of doors and out another . 
 she did n't slow until she reached the far end of the widespread row of shops . 
 madison turned down a side hall that was marked for employees only and paused , shifting to hide behind a sale banner . 
 she breathlessly watched each passing person . 
 everyone appeared to be well occupied with taking in all the offered venders . 
 individuals wove through the crowds , couples walked closely and unhindered by the congested walkways , and families strolled on . 
 no one seemed to notice her spying from the alley as if she were just another part of the snow dusted scenery . 
 she gave herself a good chiding as she merged back into the flow of the bundled peoples . 
 her anxious pulse returned to normal , and she began to feel the full weight of her carried bags . 
 she adjusted her hold on them and nearly ran into the woman in front of her who had stopped to retrieve her wandering child . 
 the blushing mom apologized for the close call . 
 madison easily assured her all was well . 
 a small sidestep got her back on her way . 
 she went a short distance and then the feeling come flooding back . 
 she was being watched . 
 the notion was unbearable and she spun around to face it head on . 
 her breath caught as she met those blue eyes she could never forget . 
 `` skyler ? '' 
 she last laid eyes on him the day after morgan 's death . 
 skyler himself was released from the back-alley hospital with stitches tracing the vicious knife wound across his chest . 
 she had dropped him off at his girlfriend 's house with the promise to return as soon as she cleared their own home of all indications of them and morgan . 
 instead , either driven by grief or fear , or both , she hopped the first of many mind-boggling flights zigzagging across the country . 
 the fair skinned man with jet black hair gave a smile of recognition . 
 `` madison , is that you ? '' 
 the two stood awestruck for several breaths completely unaware of the traffic jam they were causing . 
 madison could only stare in disbelief at the man she knew she would never see again . 
 `` it 's so good to see you , '' skyler started again . 
 `` you look great . '' 
 madison shook her head to recover from her speechlessness . 
 `` you too ! 
 you 're here , in chicago ? 
 what a small world . '' 
 he flashed his all too familiar smile and gave a nod . 
 `` small world , '' he agreed in a hushed tone . 
 `` let me help you with those . '' 
 skyler reached without awaiting her answer and took one of her bags . 
 he gestured for a clearing a short ways down from them , `` it 's dangerous to stand in the middle of these sidewalks , we 're going to get run over . '' 
 she followed his lead as he slipped through the parade of people and to a far less crowded breezeway . 
 she was still in a bit of a stupor as she grasped the fact that he was actually here , right in front of her . 
 he looked just as she remembered , if not a little more clean cut and matured in the gray slacks and a long , black coat . 
 `` what brings you to town ? '' 
 she posed as he turned back to her . 
 `` are you planning on being here long ? '' 
 `` i 'm here on business . 
 it depends on the success of a current project as for how long i 'll stay . 
 you ? '' 
 `` i live here . 
 well , i live in little italy , not too far from here . '' 
 she gestured over her shoulder , assuming the way home from where they were standing . 
 `` i 've been there , '' he said with another nod . 
 `` good food . '' 
 `` very good food , '' she laughed . 
 `` speaking of , '' skyler shifted and gazed about the plaza , `` i was just on my way to grab some coffee . 
 would you like to join me ? '' 
 madison smiled and answered without hesitating , `` of course , '' then frowned and looked at the bags of groceries . 
 `` oh , i ca n't stay for long . 
 i need to get these in the fridge . '' 
 `` i 'll take what i can get . 
 how about we get the coffee to go and i drive you home ? '' 
 she gazed at him and wanted to snatch up his offer . 
 yet , a part of her felt guilty for agreeing to the coffee in the first place . 
 she did n't understand the remorse , but neither could she ignore it . 
 perhaps she was just that unprepared to see him . 
 `` sounds great , '' she finally answered . 
 `` i 'll catch the bus , though . 
 i do n't want you driving me clear across town in this traffic . '' 
 skyler led the way to his planned coffee spot . 
 the chorus of coffee grinders and espresso machines filled the air . 
 madison was unfamiliar with the shoppe and was immediately taken by it . 
 another hidden treasure trove among the vast array of storefronts along the plaza . 
 she picked a table by the window and was content to be relieved of the groceries . 
 she still could n't help but gape at her long-lost friend as he stood in line innocent of her staring . 
 memories of their carefree days raced through her head ; late nights cruising the streets of miami , catching sunrises on the beach from the hood of his car . 
 they were invincible once upon a time . 
 `` upside-down caramel macchiato , '' he announced as he handed her the blue paper cup with a white sleeve . 
 the scent of coffee and hot caramel wafted from the cup as she grasped it . 
 `` perfect . 
 thank you . '' 
 she inhaled the sweet smell and held the cup with both hands , the heat from the beverage soaking through the thick sleeve . 
 she had n't told him what she wanted in her daze . 
 he must have remembered her usual order after all these years . 
 madison glanced over at skyler as he sat across from her and stirred at his own coffee . 
 `` so , where were we ? '' 
 `` hmm ? '' 
 she was lost again . 
 `` ah , what have you been up to lately ? 
 it must be something good , you look happy . '' 
 he shrugged off his coat and leaned on the table . 
 his eyes glistened with the brightness of the snow packed along the windowpane beside him . 
 madison had no idea as to where to begin . 
 she cautiously sipped the coffee and tried to think of an answer . 
 should she stick with her recent happenings or was he hinting at the eight year gap since their last conversation ? 
 `` well , i 've been in chicago for five years now . 
 i thought i knew this place like the back of my hand , but you just shot that down . '' 
 she glanced about the shoppe and gave a nervous smile which he mirrored . 
 `` five years in the city and you did n't know of the best coffee shoppe to ever call chicago home ? '' 
 he teased . 
 he let out a chuckle when she lightened at his musing . 
 `` something like that . '' 
 she studied him and felt her nervousness settle some as he appeared to relax . 
 `` there is always something to be discovered here . 
 i think that 's why i 've stayed so long . '' 
 `` i 've been here four months now and still get lost everyday . '' 
 `` you 've been here four months ? 
 and i did n't even know it ? 
 that 's unfair . '' 
 madison replayed each trip to this area in the past four months and pondered the chances of her walking right past him without even knowing . 
 `` small world , big city , '' he said with a shrug . 
 madison agreed and raised her cup , skyler acknowledging with the same gesture . 
 `` but here we are . 
 you ca n't hide from me now . 
 i know you 're here and i think we have plenty to catch up on . '' 
 `` i can live with that . '' 
 his tone was just as warm as his smile . 
 he took a long sip of his coffee and gazed out the window at the passing people , then looked to madison . 
 `` if i was n't working tomorrow i would say we could start then . '' 
 `` when do you get off ? '' 
 `` who knows ? '' 
 he shook his head with a shrug . 
 `` we 're trying to close a deal and something changes everyday . 
 the only day i know i have free is this upcoming friday . '' 
 `` friday , '' madison murmured to herself and thought . 
 `` i think i 'm actually off friday . '' 
 `` then it 's settled , dinner friday . '' 
 skyler gave a smirk and turned his coffee cup in circles on the table top . 
 madison smiled at the remembered habit , his dancing drinks . 
 he had n't changed a bit . 
 `` where are we having dinner ? '' 
 she questioned after a few moments , the quiet between them a little odd . 
 `` you pick , '' he answered as he watched his mug . 
 `` i picked the coffee . 
 it 's your turn . '' 
 he glanced up and nodded at her , `` where 's the best place for dinner in this metropolis ? '' 
 she returned his smirk . 
 `` can i think on it ? 
 there 's so many places to choose from , you 're asking a lot to single one out . '' 
 `` keep me in suspense ? '' 
 he shook his head , `` too cruel , madison . '' 
 she laughed with him and tried not to stare . 
 he was real . 
 she kept waiting to wake up and find him to be a figment of her imagination . 
 yet , she was comforted to know they picked right up as if it were only days that they were apart , not years . 
 she was easily reminded why they were such good friends in the first place . 
 still , there seemed to be a shadow they were both avoiding ... abandonment and sorrow . 
 skyler and morgan were inseparable , and to have skyler sit across from her reconfirmed the dreadful fact that morgan was indeed gone . 
 as good as it was to see him and talk with him , his presence triggered the grief that was so potent , the grief of her lost love and life . 
 their shared time felt haunted . 
 the conversation never dragged as both steadily kept up . 
 they spoke of everything but nothing at the same time . 
 maps doodled on the backs of napkins were exchanged as they related different places in the city they thought the other would find interesting . 
 the two reunited friends visited until the coffee ran out . 
 madison hated to call an end to their time , but the inconvenience of her groceries could no longer be ignored . 
 chapter four déjà vu skyler offered again to drive her home . 
 she stuck to her plan and claimed it was n't worth the hassle for him to take on the weekend traffic . 
 as she walked to the bus stop , she confessed to herself that more time with him sounded really good . 
 `` wait , madison ! '' 
 his raised voice reached through the racket of the active boulevard . 
 she looked over her shoulder at him from her place beside the curb . 
 the bus was coming and only a short distance away . 
 she flinched as its obnoxious horn blared at a car that cut in front of it . 
 skyler had said something else , but it was lost with the noise of the horn . 
 madison shook her head , `` i 'm sorry , what ? '' 
 `` your number , '' he said as he jogged towards her . 
 `` i need your number so i can call about that dinner . '' 
 `` oh yeah , '' she turned to him and shuffled her bags to write it down . 
 just then the little car sped by and splashed through a wide puddle of muddy slush which sent a wave over the curb and drenched madison where she stood . 
 she let out a startled yelp at the frozen downpour as it soaked her side and back . 
 she looked up , and a shiver raced through her as the cold wetness dripped from her hair and down her chin . 
 skyler stood a few feet away with a look of surprise and sympathy . 
 madison gasped and surveyed the damage . 
 her coat was quickly sopping up the dirty water , and her sweater already felt damp . 
 glancing back to skyler , she found him stepping towards her cautiously , fighting back a smirk . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 she gave a rigid nod and frowned at the bus as it pulled along side the same curb and swung open its squeaky doors . 
 `` perfect , '' she grumbled to herself . 
 skyler 's choked chuckle broke through her frustration . 
 she looked to him and let herself laugh when she wanted to cry for the absolute cold that was taking hold of her . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he finally offered . 
 `` i wish you could have seen it , i mean , it was almost in slow motion . 
 there was nothing for it . '' 
 he laughed again , then coughed to stop . 
 `` are you sure you 're all right ? '' 
 `` cold , '' she could n't stop shivering , `` just cold . '' 
 he came to her and took the soggy bags as he guided her back from the curb . 
 `` that 's it , you 've convinced me . 
 i 'm driving you home . '' 
 `` no , no . 
 it 's not that long of a ride . 
 i 'll be fine . '' 
 her teeth chattered despite her best efforts to hold steady . 
 `` come on , let 's get you cleaned up . 
 no more excuses . '' 
 he pointed up the block at a tall , glossy building wedged between other gleaming buildings , `` i live right over there . 
 we 'll have you fixed up in no time . 
 i think the groceries will keep longer than you in this condition . '' 
 it was gorgeous . 
 `` you live there ? '' 
 she gawked . 
 its architecture stood out boldly against the older styled ones around it . 
 it looked more sleek with a glamorous industrial accent to it . 
 `` they did n't mind the shorter lease period i needed . 
 that and i like the location , '' he lightly mused as he helped her out of her dripping coat . 
 madison shook her head at him and let him drape his much larger coat over her shoulders . 
 `` not a bad location at all , '' she matched his cocky tone . 
 `` are they going to let me in looking like this ? '' 
 `` i 'll see what i can do , '' he said easily . 
 with that , skyler scooped up her bags with one arm and tucked her under the other . 
 he gave her a playful squeeze and led the way to his place . 
 it would n't have been a long walk if it was n't for the numbing cold . 
 madison could n't ignore it no matter how hard she tried . 
 she snuggled against his side to ward off the chill . 
 it helped , mostly . 
 she stared at her feet for the majority of the way , embarrassed for how messy she had to have looked . 
 the main entrance to the building was just as she imagined such a place would have . 
 rotating doors let them in the plated glass front . 
 a highly polished , dark stained , concrete floor welcomed them . 
 tall , stainless steel tables lined the brick walls inside with brightly colored flowers and stalks in black vases . 
 abstract art hung in thick , black frames . 
 leather furniture was set in clusters about the large lobby . 
 skyler was greeted by the porter as they moved by the front desk . 
 it , too , was made of stainless steel . 
 its well kept surfaces reflected muffled images of the two as they passed by . 
 the elevator doors , which matched the rest of the shining steel decor , opened as they neared . 
 after he pressed the button for his floor and the doors glided closed , skyler shifted back from madison and gave her a peculiar look . 
 she studied him right back , then gave a nervous shrug , `` what ? '' 
 he shook his head and stared up at the flashing numbers above the door . 
 `` i was just wondering about the possibility of you getting typhoid or something from the street muck . '' 
 `` typhoid , really ? '' 
 she quipped . 
 he gave a sideways look and shrugged , `` just wondering . 
 are you up to date on your vaccinations ? '' 
 `` you 're not funny , '' she growled . 
 `` i was n't laughing . '' 
 skyler shifted again and rocked back on his heels . 
 she watched him as he obviously worked at keeping his composure . 
 `` you did laugh , '' she quietly stated , avoiding his look of surprise . 
 he let out a snort and bowed his head . 
 `` i did , did n't i ? '' 
 a few more chuckles escaped him before he bit his lip . 
 madison gave him a nudge and laughed out loud , partly at herself . 
 he let go and matched her mirth . 
 the elevator announced their arrival with a faint ding and the door slid open . 
 skyler stepped out and led the way on the sixteenth floor with a continuation of the decor from the lobby . 
 the soft carpet muted their steps as they turned a corner and walked down the hall . 
 madison tried to quiet the sloshing of her wet socks within her squeaking shoes to no avail . 
 the door to his apartment opened with near silence outside the rattling of his keys . 
 he ushered her inside and carried her groceries to his kitchen . 
 the layout of the apartment was open ; the kitchen , dining , and living area was one oversized room . 
 the walls were a soft grayish-blue except the kitchen , which had one wall of bold red . 
 it was well lit with the combination of industrial looking track lights and the row of tall windows along the outer wall . 
 it had modern furnishings and was well organized . 
 several end tables and paintings were not something she would picture skyler picking . 
 she assumed the establishment 's decorator had a hand in the design . 
 `` the bathroom is the second door on your right , '' he called from across the apartment . 
 madison carefully tread her way so as to not soggy up his carpet as she went . 
 she took a small leap as she neared the given door , clearing the carpet and landing with a squeak of her shoes on the dark stained concrete flooring of the bathroom . 
 it , too , was brightly lit with more tall windows along the far wall . 
 she cringed a bit when she noticed the massive shower was in plain view of the windows with mere frosted glass to hide its user . 
 there was also a jacuzzi size tub which sat right next to the windows , so she figured it could have been worse . 
 maybe this high up no one could see in . 
 she stepped out of her shoes and hung his coat on the back of the door . 
 `` i 've got a question , '' she shouted at skyler as she turned to look out towards the kitchen , cutting off when she found him standing in the doorway . 
 `` sorry , '' she murmured when he flinched back from her , `` but i was thinking , what good is it going to do if i clean up just to put my muddy clothes back on ? '' 
 he looked as if he did n't follow . 
 she shook her head let out a tired sigh . 
 `` i 'll just catch that bus . 
 thanks anyway . '' 
 he narrowed his eyes and studied her for a moment . 
 `` no problem , i 've got it covered . '' 
 she peered at him and hoped he would explain a little more , but he did n't . 
 madison glanced around the well kept bathroom before looking back to skyler , letting her concern show . 
 `` covered as in ... '' stepping around her , he went to the wide , black cabinet and pulled out a thick , red towel . 
 `` go ahead and shower . 
 i 'll see what i can find for you to wear home . '' 
 he paced over to the shower and swung open the door and gave a shrug . 
 `` i think everything you 'll need is already in here , but if it 's not , just yell . '' 
 `` sure thing , '' madison said shyly as he came back to the doorway . 
 he gave a nod and headed for the kitchen . 
 she started to shut the door , `` thanks , '' she chirped , then guided it closed . 
 turning to the shower , she was once again all too aware of the wall of windows . 
 she grumbled to herself and stalked to the outer wall and gazed out . 
 sixteen stories was higher than she had realized . 
 there were buildings in the vicinity just as tall and then some , but she doubted anyone within would truly get a view of the displayed bathroom . 
 the windows across the street were mirrored , and she convinced herself that the ones she looked out from were as well . 
 yet when madison shed her street soup soaked clothes , she found herself peeking around the side of shower to study the windows beyond . 
 after a few moments , she held her breath and rushed around to the open shower and jumped into the safety of the frosted glass stall . 
 she let out a sigh of relief and triumphantly swung the door shut . 
 one dilemma down and another quickly presented itself . 
 she shivered as she peered at the assortment of brushed nickel knobs and shower heads . 
 four heads ; one large hung from the ceiling , a medium one on an adjustable neck stuck out from the wall just above her head , and two smaller ones set lower on the wall . 
 she deliberated for a few breaths then turned the highest knob . 
 the shower head on the ceiling began to rain down wonderfully hot water . 
 she continued to turn the knob and the pressure increased until she settled on a setting . 
 the middle knob was for the temperature , so she discovered as she adjusted it . 
 out of pure curiosity , she took hold of the third knob and gave it a turn and learned that it activated the three other shower heads . 
 with a startled yelp , she switched them back off . 
 madison stood happily in the steaming shower and reveled in its heat . 
 she already felt worlds better . 
 a silly smile came to her face as she realized how much she was enjoying the simple , modern day convenience . 
 strawberry shampoo and body wash was not something she expected to find in skyler 's shower , but she loved them nonetheless . 
 it was n't a brand she had heard of . 
 the fancy bottles told her it was n't a brand she would have picked up with her limited allowance . 
 she had lost track of time when a knock came to the bathroom door . 
 madison instinctively turned her back to the sound and covered herself , not comfortable with the transparency level of the shower 's walls . 
 `` it 's just me , '' came skyler 's raised voice . 
 `` my eyes are closed , i promise . '' 
 the latter part of his words were less muffled as he opened the door . 
 `` i 'm setting some clothes right here for you , for when you 're done . '' 
 `` thank you , '' she quickly replied , hearing the door latch right after . 
 after shutting off the shower , madison bolted out to retrieve the towel . 
 she dried herself within the shower stall , still reluctant to venture about the revealed room in the buff . 
 cleaned , warmed and dried , she wrapped herself in the towel and stepped out of the shower stall . 
 there by the door was a neatly folded stack of clothes atop the shorter cabinet . 
 she held up each piece and surveyed them . 
 they were her size . 
 with an impressed shrug , she began to dress . 
 the black slacks had a comfortably snug fit to them . 
 the green , ribbed sweater was just right as well . 
 there were even some socks set out for her . 
 she turned to the mirror and made a few adjustments , liking how the color of the sweater matched her eyes . 
 madison opened the door and peered about the apartment . 
 skyler was in the kitchen . 
 he had changed into a fresh shirt . 
 a blue , long sleeved , button down that did n't do much to hide his athletic build . 
 he looked up from whatever he was doing for just a moment without even slowing . 
 `` all better ? '' 
 she made her way across the room to join him . 
 `` yes , sir . 
 thanks again . 
 your girlfriend has good taste in shampoo and clothes . '' 
 `` she 's not my girlfriend , '' he muttered as he moved about the kitchen . 
 `` well , your friend has good taste then . '' 
 he shook his head , `` she 's not my friend . '' 
 madison let out a laugh and studied him . 
 he seemed distracted . 
 he eventually hesitated in his busyness and looked to her . 
 `` um , chase , my roommate , it 's his girlfriend . '' 
 he shook his head again , `` was his girlfriend . 
 she dumped him three weeks ago and has n't collected her stuff yet . '' 
 `` i ca n't take her things , '' she said . 
 `` i 'll have them back to you friday . '' 
 `` do n't worry about it . 
 i 've been threatening to throw it all away if chase did n't get rid of it , so you 're just saving it from the trash . '' 
 she nodded , still not sure about keeping the clothes and secretly plotting to return them . 
 skyler flashed a smile and went back to his activity . 
 madison could n't tell what he was doing . 
 she leaned on the tall counter and gave him a few moments . 
 `` you have a roommate ? 
 what 's he do ? 
 is he here ? '' 
 `` chase is into cartoons , comics . 
 he draws the pictures in comic books . 
 he left yesterday for san francisco to try out for a new gig with a company there . 
 i never know when he 'll be back when he takes trips like that . '' 
 `` he 's an artist ? 
 illustrating graphic novels ? '' 
 she had some understanding of the culture thanks to jeremy . 
 skyler paused and gave a nod . 
 `` that sounds like what he calls it . '' 
 she laughed with him for a moment as he went back to work . 
 he had most of her groceries sorted out on the counter top , trying to repack them somewhat . 
 `` quick question , '' he voiced as he made a rushed search of the collected goods . 
 he snatched up a small can and held it out , `` organic cat food ? '' 
 madison gave an embarrassed nod , `` i 've never bought it before , honest . '' 
 `` you have a cat ? '' 
 she confirmed with another nod . 
 `` correct me if i 'm wrong , but you killed houseplants in record time , '' he said with a smirk . 
 `` cats are a bit more self preserving than plants . '' 
 `` you killed a cactus . 
 those survive deserts , '' his tone sounded even more sarcastic . 
 `` yes , i know , '' she playfully tried to defend herself . 
 `` i have two houseplants now that are doing great , actually . 
 you 'd be proud . '' 
 `` wow , madison , i 'm impressed . '' 
 skyler held a serious expression for a few seconds before shaking his head and chuckling under his breath . 
 he went back to arranging the groceries into bags , saving a few quick glances at her as she watched him . 
 not that he was doing a poor job at bagging the groceries , but she felt odd letting him ready her things so madison helped him complete the task . 
 they talked lightly as they worked and joshed with one another which kept the atmosphere kind and familiar . 
 it did n't take long at all for them to have each item repacked . 
 chapter five catching up they did n't dawdle much longer after that . 
 madison did n't have to drop any hints , skyler eventually offered to take her on home . 
 he helped her carry her groceries and bag of wet clothes to the parking garage . 
 he led the way to a vehicle and loaded her things into the back . 
 it was an opulent , silver mercedes benz g-wagon . 
 madison stood and stared in disbelief . 
 `` you drive this ? '' 
 he peeked out from the tailgate and flashed a satisfied smirk . 
 `` my pride and joy , '' he sighed while ushering the tailgate closed . 
 `` it 's beautiful ! '' 
 skyler smiled again , nearly glowing with pride . 
 he gestured for the front and disappeared around the side of the tall suv . 
 madison climbed up into the vehicle and took a quick glance around . 
 it was immaculate , as if it were brand new . 
 she was afraid to touch anything . 
 the thought of her soggy clothes even being near the truck made her cringe . 
 `` it 's the one thing i actually own , '' he said as the v-8 roared to life . 
 `` the apartment , the furniture , heck , even my clothes are part of the job . 
 but this , this is mine . '' 
 `` what do you do ? '' 
 she finally asked . 
 the question had been on the tip of her tongue all day but she could n't bring herself to ask , afraid he was still a frontman or involved in unscrupulous dealings . 
 skyler was slow to answer as he made his way out into the bright sunlight and weekend traffic . 
 `` i work for a company who helps floundering businesses . 
 we invest in them if we feel they can recover within an acceptable amount of time . 
 we 'll even guide them on their way back to health . '' 
 `` and if they are n't able to recover ? '' 
 he looked a little more uncomfortable in forming the answer this time . 
 `` we assist in ending their suffering as quickly and quietly as possible . '' 
 she did n't like the ideas that were forming in her own head . 
 madison peered at him and tried to follow his meaning . 
 `` how do you go about euthanizing businesses ? '' 
 `` each case is specially tailored for each client . 
 i ca n't really explain . '' 
 his answer did n't settle her concerns any . 
 it actually made her more leery of his type of employment . 
 he was still in con work . 
 she frowned to herself . 
 silence had ensued between them without madison noticing . 
 that was until skyler spoke up , his tone too perky to come off nonchalant . 
 `` so , what is it that you do here in chicago ? 
 you said five years , right ? '' 
 she stared out the side window . 
 `` i 'm a security guard , '' she answered , not yet recovered from the knowledge of his ill-advised way of life . 
 `` a guard , huh ? 
 where at ? '' 
 `` lake view depository '' his questioning went on . 
 `` oh . 
 where 's that at ? '' 
 `` it 's on the westside of the city , not really a lake view . '' 
 madison looked at him , finding him glancing over at her with an encouraging smile . 
 he must have picked up on her sullen mood . 
 `` that 's good , '' he said warmly . 
 `` you 've done well for yourself . 
 that 's real good . '' 
 `` is your company legit ? '' 
 she forced herself to question . 
 skyler did n't even try to hide his dislike of her asking . 
 his face was unreadable as he made a harsh merger into heavier traffic . 
 he puffed out an irritated sigh and ignored the honking from the drivers he cut off . 
 madison shook her head and turned back to the window , `` never mind . 
 forget i asked . '' 
 `` i tried , '' he said softly . 
 `` it did ' t work . '' 
 he slowed and let a few cars merge in front of him , as if to make up for his earlier rudeness . 
 `` not much longer and i think i 'll be able to get out . 
 for good this time . '' 
 `` it is n't easy , '' she hoped to console him , `` but it is worth it . 
 it 's easier to sleep at night , most of the time . '' 
 several minutes of silence stretched between them again . 
 madison gazed out the window but saw nothing . 
 she wrestled with the ghosts in her head . 
 it was n't easy to stay clean . 
 she was trusted to guard all those safes and vaults . 
 they were such a temptation at times . 
 it was n't that she hungered for the things inside . 
 it was the challenge of cracking them , of beating the algorithm . 
 it always had been . 
 she did n't even have to think about it . 
 it came naturally to her . 
 `` which way do i go from here ? '' 
 skyler 's asking snapped her back to reality . 
 she looked around and deciphered where they were . 
 `` take this exit and stay to the left . '' 
 he did just so . 
 the traffic was crawling , even on the exit ramp . 
 it seemed to take ages for the destination madison had in mind to come into view . 
 `` pull in here , '' she pointed to the lot below the train station . 
 he hesitated in making the turn . 
 `` what for ? '' 
 `` just do it , please . '' 
 she did n't mean to sound ugly , but she needed to get away from him . 
 she wanted to be alone , once again . 
 skyler made his way into the parking lot and turned to her with a disappointed look . 
 `` i 'm sorry , madison . 
 whatever it is i said or did , i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` do n't worry about it . 
 you 're fine , '' she fibbed . 
 `` the traffic is only going to get worse from here on in , so it 'll be better if i just take the train . 
 but thank you . '' 
 he did n't offer to make any reply . 
 she took his stillness as acceptance and opened the door to get out . 
 `` hold on a second , '' he said with a hint of cheer returned to his voice . 
 madison paused tentatively and turned to him . 
 `` could i get your number , if you still would n't mind that dinner ? '' 
 `` of course , '' she shifted and looked for a pen and paper . 
 skyler reached to the glove box and pulled out a pen and handed it to her . 
 `` do you have something to write on ? '' 
 he held out his empty hand , offering his palm . 
 he used to write everything he was supposed to remember on his hand . 
 she peered at him for the antic . 
 here he was , dressed in fancy clothes , driving a shiny mercedes , living in the magnificent mile and still writing on his hand . 
 madison took it with a smile and scribed her number across his palm . 
 when she finished and released him , he closed his hand over the number and returned her smile . 
 he looked comforted again . 
 `` i 'll call you , '' he promised . 
 she nodded and stepped out of the tall truck . 
 before she closed the door , she looked in at him . 
 `` be good . '' 
 skyler offered to carry her things to the platform , but she declined him . 
 she wrangled the bags from the back of his g-wagon , noting him watching her in his rearview mirror . 
 he remained silent . 
 she did the same . 
 chapter six back to the real world the real world greeted madison as she fumbled her way to a seat on the train . 
 it took her full concentration to keep her bags from spilling their contents at each stop and throttled take off the train made . 
 but that was a good thing . 
 she did n't want to daydream anymore . 
 enzo was standing out front of the building when she came down the street . 
 he rushed to met her and insisted on carrying her bags to her apartment . 
 she usually would have discouraged him , but she was cold because of her soaked coat being packed away and tired from the day , simply unwilling to argue at that point . 
 madison rummaged through the bags and extracted dafne 's items . 
 it did n't take long to deliver them , the older woman wanting to get back to her favorite game show . 
 after putting away her own purchases , she flopped down on her couch and peered out the window . 
 victor curled up on her lap and started his purring . 
 madison mindlessly stroked his sleek coat and closed her eyes . 
 she laid her head down and easily dozed in the coziness of her apartment . 
 she did n't know how long she had slept when the phone rang and woke her . 
 she let it ring and held her place on the couch . 
 the machine would get it and they would leave a message if they really wanted to speak to her . 
 `` it 's me , '' came skyler 's voice . 
 `` i was just wondering if you had gotten home yet . 
 i wanted to let you know that it was really nice to see you again . 
 i 'm sorry it was a crummy day . 
 that was unfortunate . 
 i 'm looking forward to friday and i hope you are too . 
 if you want to throw me a bone here and give me some hints as to where we 're going , just call me back . '' 
 the machine sounded its final beep . 
 madison let out a laugh . 
 `` you did n't leave me your number ! '' 
 she smiled to herself and got up . 
 she had the ritual of making most of the week 's worth of meals on one night . 
 that was so if she came home after an unexpected double shift , she would n't cave and pick up some take out and dent her allowance . 
 if she knew she already had one prepared she would n't fall back in the habit of dining out . 
 the cooking took up the rest of her evening . 
 she did n't mind . 
 the memorized recipes were followed effortlessly as she thought of skyler . 
 their history played out like a slideshow in her head . 
 starting at the beginning , it rolled on unhindered . 
 it began on what started out as beautiful day . 
 but beautiful days do n't always last , and this one in particular brought the two together through a tragedy . 
 she was seven when she met the half-drowned little boy who would become her best friend . 
 his family 's yacht had caught fire and sunk . 
 it was only a short distance from the spot where madison 's father loved to fish . 
 they were the first on the scene . 
 she remembered holding the hand of the boy she had just met and watching her father go back into the water to find his parents . 
 his words replayed again and again in her head while she waited in silence for him to return . 
 `` she 's afraid of the water , '' he said to skyler as he clasped their much smaller hands together within his , `` i need you to be brave for me and look after her until i get back . 
 she 's my whole world and i need to know she is safe . 
 could you do that for me ? '' 
 `` i promise , '' the little boy answered . 
 she remembered him shivering even though it was a warm day , and that she wondered if he was cold . 
 his hand was n't cold . 
 orphaned by boating accident . 
 that is what a note on their files said as they waited in a quiet room at the police station . 
 everyone who came in and spoke to them seemed so kind . 
 one of the officers even gave skyler his coat , wrapping it around the trembling little boy as he still held tight to madison 's hand . 
 it had always been just her and her father , she had no one else . 
 she was to go into the foster program . 
 but skyler had an aunt and uncle on their way to get him . 
 he did n't say much . 
 that was until his aunt and uncle came to take him home . 
 he refused to let go of her . 
 he was n't easy to dissuade . 
 skyler argued that he had made a promise to her father to look after her until he got back . 
 he even suggested that she could come with him and stay . 
 it took his aunt and uncle promising to let them visit whenever they wanted to convince him to let go . 
 they kept in touch from the very beginning . 
 the most time to pass between letters or calls was three weeks . 
 when she had to change homes , he somehow kept up . 
 skyler stayed with his aunt and uncle just long enough for them to exhaust his inheritance . 
 he ended up in the foster program as well . 
 they had the same agent , so it was easier to keep track of one another . 
 madison went through a total of six homes . 
 he had eight , nine including his aunt and uncle . 
 both of their last homes were in miami and they finished high school together . 
 they stuck together when they were finally out on their own . 
 staying in miami , they started from scratch . 
 she waited tables at a diner and he was the delivery-boy for the pizzeria next door . 
 their apartments were ten minutes apart and they each regularly dropped by the other 's place . 
 not a day passed without them seeing one another . 
 when madison met morgan , nothing changed . 
 he was a newer patron at her diner when he locked himself out of his car one morning . 
 she opened it for him , and according to him , saved him from yet another embarrassing call to his employers for help . 
 to show his appreciation , he took her and skyler out during their break . 
 that was the start to their fast-paced friendship . 
 in getting to know morgan , she learned of his line of work . 
 he was a con artist . 
 his job was to forcefully reclaim investments lost in ponzi-type schemes . 
 he did n't like what he did but had gotten in too deep and was n't able to walk away . 
 with madison and skyler 's help , he was growing closer to quitting the dangerous trade . 
 the three were an efficient team . 
 each member knew their duties and could be counted on to carry them out . 
 if a problem arose , it was handled with composure and they would then move on without missing a beat . 
 they were unrivaled . 
 madison eventually moved in with morgan and they were soon engaged . 
 it did n't take them long to convince skyler to move in as well . 
 outside of work , they kept busy together . 
 morgan and skyler had their regular games of pool . 
 they often went twice a week to their favorite bar and would discuss any upcoming jobs over the table until one would concede or closing time forced an end to their game . 
 madison would accompany them for a short while but generally headed home before the two were even close to calling a game . 
 madison and skyler held to their usual night at the movies every friday . 
 at least once a week they would sit on a certain beach , which he dubbed ` madi cove ' , and watch the world pass by . 
 they spent entire nights there when morgan was out of town on business , either talking or sitting in the quiet , content with being still . 
 the reminiscing brought a bittersweet smile to her face as she put the last of the meals into the fridge . 
 she knew she could never have that life back , but finding skyler again made her think she might at least find comfort . 
 going over to the answering machine , she played back his message . 
 her smile heartened and she wished he had left his number . 
 she wanted to call him , to hear his voice and laugh like old times . 
 she tried not to think of the gloomy shadow that hung over them at the coffee house . 
 but she knew they could n't ignore it . 
 they would have to face it sooner or later , and she hoped it would be later . 
 sunday took madison back to work . 
 it was a slow day at lake view . 
 the facility was closed , as it was every sunday , but the guards worked nonetheless . 
 they were short staffed that day because of two guards calling in sick . 
 madison and another guard had the place to themselves . 
 that was not their usual standard , but none of the other employees could come in to fill the openings . 
 the rest of the week was a good bit busier , which she was grateful for . 
 it made the days go by easier . 
 a staff meeting was held early in the week to announce that the security systems would be updated friday night . 
 since madison was n't scheduled to work that day , she only half listened to the announcements . 
 she caught that the systems would be taken down for five minutes and it would be up to those on duty to double up their patrols . 
 bradley was on for that night . 
 she took a moment to tease him about the less than ideal shift . 
 he muttered a bit under his breath but was n't too worried about it . 
 friday finally made its appearance . 
 madison woke that morning with a new eagerness . 
 she did well not to think too much of her planned night out with skyler , outside of deciding on a restaurant . 
 she was excited , yet a part of her was nervous , reluctant . 
 as much as she wanted to believe the voice in her head that swore finding him again was the best thing to happen to her , another voice whispered of his self destructive métier . 
 the phone remained idle for the bulk of the day . 
 it was snowing once again , and much colder than it had been in awhile . 
 this kept madison in her apartment , half watching the mute telephone . 
 she wondered if he would forget , or back out , maybe even stand her up . 
 or was he as anxious as she was ? 
 early in the evening , enzo stopped by and invited her to his place for dinner . 
 he was having several friends over to watch the game and feast on wings and pizza . 
 she asked for a raincheck , reasoning she already had plans . 
 he would n't take no for an answer so she explained that she was going out for dinner with another friend . 
 the dismayed neighbor accepted her decree , wishing her a wonderful time with her hot date . 
 three outfits later , madison unofficially settled on the night 's attire . 
 dark slacks and a pink , button down sweater seemed appropriate . 
 she did n't want to overdress and come off as desperate , neither did she want to look like a bum . 
 still , she stood staring blankly at the contents of her closet for some time after the decision . 
 when the phone finally rang , she nearly sprinted through her apartment to get it . 
 stalling with her hand hovering over the handset , she cleared her throat , brushed her hair back , and put on a smile . 
 she answered as casually as she could . 
 `` hey , madison , it 's me ... skyler . '' 
 he sounded tired . 
 `` so , '' she started with a little more cheer in attempts to perk him up , `` are you ready for the best meal in all of chicago ? '' 
 there was an uncomfortably long lull . 
 her heart sunk . 
 `` i 'm so sorry to do this . 
 i ca n't even begin to tell you how bad i feel about it . 
 i 'm going to have to reschedule . '' 
 `` that 's all right . 
 i understand , '' she said at his hesitation . 
 `` no , it 's not all right . 
 i told you i would have dinner with you tonight and i like to stand by what i say . 
 this project is taking a little more time than we had planned and i 'm having to work all night in order to meet the deadline . '' 
 his tone told of his frustration . 
 whatever he was working on was draining him . 
 madison sat in the tall chair at her counter . 
 `` really , skyler , it 's fine . 
 do n't worry about it . 
 we can do this another time . '' 
 `` tomorrow , '' he voiced . 
 `` how about tomorrow ? 
 i have to work in the morning , but the evening is cleared . '' 
 she shook her head disheartened , `` i work tomorrow . 
 evening shift , three to eleven . '' 
 he did n't make a reply . 
 she pictured him pinching the bridge of his nose as he did when he was perturbed . 
 `` i 've got an idea , '' she began at the lingering silence . 
 `` call me sunday . 
 i 'll check my schedule tomorrow and will be a little better prepared to make some plans . '' 
 `` all right , '' he at long last spoke . 
 `` i 'll call you sunday . 
 do n't give up on me . 
 i 'll make this work . '' 
 a twinge of concern tugged at her heart . 
 `` i would n't give up on you , you know that . '' 
 `` have a good night , madison . '' 
 `` you too . 
 do n't work too hard . '' 
 she gazed at the phone after she hung up the handset . 
 a sigh escaped her lips without her intention . 
 she was let down about the failed plans . 
 even still , she was more worried for skyler . 
 she wondered if something was wrong , if he was in trouble . 
 after thinking over their conversation , she figured it was simply his work that had him flustered since he was willing to reschedule as soon as the next day . 
 madison eventually got to her feet and meandered into the kitchen . 
 `` looks like it 's just you and me , '' she posed to the cat sitting expectantly atop the counter . 
 she popped open the new can of cat food and spooned a portion of it into his dish . 
 a brief study of the goodies within the fridge resulted in chicken salad as her dinner . 
 with too much time spent on flipping through the void of channels , she contemplated an early bedtime . 
 that was until the phone rang . 
 she was n't expecting any other calls . 
 she peered at it for a moment before answering . 
 the clock showed it was nine-thirty as she finally picked up the phone . 
 it was bradley . 
 he sounded frantic . 
 he gushed with apologies and eventually made it around to the point of his late call . 
 `` it was the kids ' mother 's turn to have them this weekend . 
 she has n't shown up yet to get them and i ca n't get ahold of her . 
 jeremy is sick and i ca n't find a babysitter . 
 i 'm supposed to work tonight and i 'm running out of options . '' 
 `` you 're in luck , '' she said lightly as he took a breath . 
 `` my plans for tonight fell flat and i am absolutely bored . 
 how about i take your shift and you take care of that darling boy ? '' 
 `` i hate to ask that of you . 
 i 'll call around to the others if you do n't want to go in . '' 
 `` i 've got it . 
 work actually sounds good right about now , '' she mused , gaining a fraction of a chuckle from him . 
 `` i owe you big time for this one . 
 you 're a lifesaver . '' 
 `` give the kids a hug for me , that 's all i ask in payment . '' 
 `` consider it done , '' he said . 
 chapter seven night shift madison was quickly dressed in her uniform and aboard the train , then the bus , and eventually to lake view . 
 she clocked in ten minutes early . 
 perfect timing . 
 two guards were already there . 
 the newbie , jack , was the fourth to arrive and right at the start of the shift . 
 she recruited the newbie and took him with her on the first check of the perimeter and halls . 
 the heavy protective vest she wore was a blessing in the cold walk around the outside of the building . 
 the lot was quiet , and well covered in a thick blanket of snow except for the few spaces where cars had been parked . 
 all the gates were secured and the doors locked . 
 madison and jack moved inside to continue their rounds . 
 the halls were silent on the night shift . 
 there was usually music during the day for the customers since they were wary of the lifeless halls of safes and vaults . 
 each guard was assigned certain areas of the building . 
 madison 's was the farthest hall in the facility , where one of the more valuable cases trusted to lake view was kept . 
 that particular safe earned a double check by her during their time in the hall . 
 their rounds completed , madison and jack headed back to the security office . 
 the other two guards readied for their turn at the perimeter and halls as they reviewed the scheduled reboot of the system for that night . 
 `` that 's tonight , is n't it ? '' 
 jack growled `` not a big deal , '' madison moved to encourage him . 
 `` five minutes of extra vigilance and then the rest of the night is piece of cake . '' 
 she was n't herself ready for the procedure . 
 she regretted not paying more attention during the briefing earlier in the week . 
 `` caleb and i will start at the front of the building and work our way through the halls , '' waylon began to relate the plan for the five minutes of downed systems . 
 `` you two keep an eye on the monitors and radio us of any malfunctions . 
 we expect the cameras to have a few glitches , but they should n't lose power . 
 the alarm will sound when the system is taken down and again when it is reactivated . 
 other than that , we should n't notice any difference . '' 
 waylon was the senior guard on duty , madison in command under him . 
 caleb and jack were newer recruits , caleb with one year more experience than jack . 
 waylon and jack were the largest of the group , jack having a stronger build than the aging waylon . 
 caleb was a smaller man but not at all weak in appearance or structure . 
 the two left the office and madison watched their trek as they shifted across the display of monitors . 
 they were the only activity to be found among the wall of screens . 
 at one-thirty , the alarm sounded its first cry for three shrill bleats , then went silent . 
 the system was off-line . 
 half of the monitors went down following the deafening siren . 
 they were the hall cameras . 
 the individual safes were still being recorded . 
 madison picked up the radio and related the news to waylon . 
 `` hall monitoring is off-line , '' she announced when he confirmed his connection . 
 `` unexpected but not a surprise , '' the older man said with a mellow tone . 
 `` let me know when they are back up . '' 
 jack looked to madison with a nervous frown . 
 `` what do we do now ? '' 
 `` keep watching the ones we still have . 
 i 'll show you a trick . '' 
 she scanned the glowing screens until she came across what she was looking for . 
 `` see here ? '' 
 she pointed at one with a shadow of movement . 
 jack narrowed his big brown eyes and gave a nod . 
 `` that is where waylon and caleb are . 
 the white walls reflect shadows and the cameras aimed at the safes will pick that up . 
 we 're far from blind . '' 
 jack followed the trace shadows as they moved across several more screens . 
 he gave another nod and settled in his chair . 
 `` so they do keep you around for more than your looks , '' he teased with a cocky smile . 
 madison and jack studied the limited monitors repeatedly . 
 the only movement was that of the two guards continuing their check of the halls . 
 those five minutes seemed to drag . 
 another malfunction soon joined the party . 
 every other hall light went out . 
 the office went dark with only the working monitors casting a faint illumination across the small room . 
 `` talk to me , madison , '' waylon 's voice barked from the radio . 
 she grabbed it and peered at the screens . 
 `` it looks like we 're experiencing a few more set backs than expected . 
 either the second breaker is down or the system has us limping on reduced power . '' 
 `` the system has nothing to do with it . 
 the only lighting it has any control over is the vault floods . 
 they 're off . '' 
 `` i do n't know what to tell you , sir . 
 nothing here explains why we 're losing lights . '' 
 waylon 's radio chirped , but he did n't make a reply . 
 madison waited for him to come back and watched the screen that hinted at his location . 
 he was unmoving in his place . 
 caleb 's voice broke the silence , `` what do you have in hall three ? '' 
 jack pointed at one of the screens in question , `` are you seeing what i 'm seeing ? '' 
 `` i have movement in area two of hall three . 
 confirm movement , '' she related , her tone level . 
 `` what is your location ? '' 
 caleb 's hushed voice came moments later , `` copy movement . 
 stand by . '' 
 madison intently studied the collection of screens . 
 she kept tabs on the two guards , confident their activity was not what was being reflected two screens down . 
 she bit her lip as she forced herself to await waylon 's orders . 
 she had to sit tight unless he deemed otherwise . 
 it might just be another glitch . 
 a chirp of the radio pierced the silence of the security office . 
 madison and jack both stared at the inactive radio , then turned back to the screens . 
 the guards had neared the area of interest . 
 madison picked up the radio and made a quick check , `` requesting update . '' 
 when she released the switch , the usual confirmation click did n't sound . 
 she gave the switch two more tries . 
 the radio was dead . 
 communications were down . 
 `` we 're not doing this , '' she grumbled as she got to her feet . 
 jack turned from the monitors , `` what 's happening ? '' 
 she grabbed a second flashlight and another clip for her sidearm . 
 `` i 'm not sure , '' she said as she tested the weighty light , then hung it from her belt . 
 `` i 'll go check . 
 stay here . '' 
 `` madison ? '' 
 his voice was drenched with concern . 
 she turned to him and found him pointing at one of the screens . 
 `` should i make the call ? '' 
 leaning over jack , she followed his aim . 
 her breath caught at what she found . 
 one of the guards was down , his glossy black shoes in plain view of one of the safe cameras . 
 it was waylon . 
 she quickly searched the remaining screens , `` where 's caleb ? '' 
 she recognized his shadow on the next screen , one hall down from waylon . 
 he was still on the move . 
 `` make the call , '' madison nodded to jack . 
 `` make the call and stay put . 
 see if you can get those radios back up . '' 
 the newbie did n't argue , returning her nod with a nervous one . 
 the halls were disturbingly quiet as she hugged the walls and spirited towards caleb . 
 her heart was in her throat when she took the first turn and merged into the long , curved hall that stretched across the width of the facility . 
 this hall held the full-sized vaults and all the safe halls branched off from it . 
 she was three halls down from her colleague when a figure jumped out of the shadows at her . 
 madison whipped out the secondary flashlight and struck at the black garbed figure grazing him with it . 
 it was just enough to slow his attack . 
 she was then able to counter his movement , catching his arm as it came at her . 
 ducking out of his faltering aim , she noticed something in his clutched hand . 
 it was some type of a syringe . 
 she dodged it again when he reformed . 
 she wrestled with the bulky man for what seemed like ages . 
 madison somehow managed to take hold of the syringe and break it from his grasp . 
 with a quick movement , she turned it on him and stuck it in his shoulder . 
 his strength began to wane and he gradually sunk to the floor , relinquishing his hold on her . 
 standing readied over the inanimate intruder , she awaited another attack . 
 he remained still . 
 she cautiously searched him over , briefly checking several of his many flapped pockets on his military-like attire . 
 the armored vest was covered in smaller pockets with few contents . 
 his thick , black pants had four large pouch-like pockets , mostly full of assorted tools and items that meant little to her . 
 there were , however , three more syringes like the one he had pulled from his shoulder and was now resting atop his relaxed palm . 
 madison checked for a pulse . 
 he had one . 
 it was slow , but steady . 
 she concluded , and honestly hoped , the dose was a tranquilizer or sedative . 
 getting on with matters , she moved on down the hall until she came to a junction of the safe hall where she knew she would find caleb . 
 taking a deep breath , she peered around the corner . 
 there was a struggle going on in the hall . 
 another man in black operative wear was getting the upper hand . 
 she rushed to the scene and to caleb 's aid . 
 she noted a syringe crushed on the floor , its clear liquid dosage smeared amongst the glass of the broken vial . 
 madison called to caleb to let him know it was her coming behind him . 
 he pressed against the taller man and she pulled her sidearm , shouting for the man to stand down . 
 the intruder stumbled caleb and knocked him back , pulling a gun of his own and took aim at the young guard . 
 madison and caleb converged on the foe and his gun went off . 
 caleb slowed with a yelp but continued to fight against the dark attacker . 
 the two guards overpowered the armed suspect . 
 he fell to one knee when madison struck his other with the butt of her pistol . 
 he cried out a curse at her , then caleb dropped him with a blow from his flashlight , knocking him out cold . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 she quickly saw to her colleague . 
 he was clutching his bleeding arm . 
 caleb gave an heavy nod and leaned against the wall . 
 `` i think so . 
 i do n't know about waylon , though . '' 
 he gestured to the next hall , `` he was down one hall over . 
 i could n't get to him . '' 
 he panted , the expression on his face told of his pain , and not just physical . 
 they retraced their steps to the hall where they found waylon . 
 he was unconscious but appeared unscathed . 
 his pulse was slow and steady like the first intruder madison had come across . 
 the two half carried , half dragged the older guard to the security office . 
 once inside , jack grabbed the emergency kits and got right to work on caleb 's arm . 
 he confirmed that he had already contacted the police and they should be arriving any moment . 
 the five minute time frame was long passed and the systems had not rebooted . 
 they were completely on their own until the police could come . 
 jack informed madison that there was still one other intruder in the building . 
 the individual was nearing the eighth safe hall . 
 she instructed the newbie to lock himself and the others within the security office . 
 then she set out to intercept the person . 
 she had an inkling as to what they were after . 
 it did n't take long for her to cover the distance . 
 she moved quickly , her steps hardly giving any sound to her rushed pace . 
 her sidearm was readied as she held it two-handed and pointed downward at the floor . 
 she crossed the seventh hall and came to a sudden stop . 
 the third black garbed man was coming up that hall . 
 he froze in place beneath an outed light . 
 he nearly blended in with the dimmed corridor . 
 `` stay where you are , '' she warned with her pistol trained on him . 
 he raised his hands in acknowledgement . 
 other than that , he did n't move . 
 instead , he softly spoke to her , `` you 're not supposed to be here . '' 
 madison 's world came to a stand still at the tragically familiar voice . 
 `` skyler ? '' 
 chapter eight take a stand she shook her head to clear it from the maddening objections , it could n't be him . 
 he did n't answer . 
 he did n't have to . 
 she knew it was him . 
 `` you 're the one who should n't be here , '' she spat . 
 `` what is this ? 
 what are you doing ? 
 you lied to me ! '' 
 `` no , i 've never lied to you . '' 
 he started to move towards her until she chambered a round . 
 skyler seemed all too calm as he held his hands up and took one more step . 
 `` you need to go . 
 now . 
 the police are on their way and you can still get away from here if you leave now . '' 
 madison did n't know why she was giving him a pass . 
 here he was , endangering her colleagues and herself , had probably used her to get here , and did n't appear as if he even cared what happened next . 
 for all she knew , he would go through her to get what he was after . 
 `` i ca n't do that , madison . 
 you know this . '' 
 he took another step , then held his ground . 
 `` you were never supposed to be involved . 
 this is n't how it 's supposed to be . '' 
 she did n't understand what he was saying . 
 she heard the words , but they meant nothing to her . 
 her own conscience struggled with the knowledge that he was her friend and also that he was a threat . 
 neither fact outweighed the other . 
 just when she thought she could n't take anymore , the second intruder came at her from the curved hall . 
 he limped towards her with his gun held shakily and directed at her , muttering a string of curses . 
 madison left off her watch of skyler and turned to the immediate threat . 
 the visibly angered man halted his advance when she leveled her aim at him . 
 `` you 're dead , '' he grumbled as he gave her a unnerving stare . 
 `` levi , put that away . '' 
 skyler 's voice came clearly with the order though there was a hint of fear in it . 
 the belligerent man gaped at him , his eyes wide with rage . 
 `` what are you doing ? 
 you idiot ! 
 we 're giving out names now ? 
 all right , skyler , she has us both . 
 what 's your plan now ? '' 
 `` you put your gun down and make new friends in prison , '' madison mocked , her gaze fixed on levi . 
 she caught skyler 's movement out the corner of her eye , and she looked to him . 
 before she could counter him , the sound of levi 's gun firing stole away her thoughts . 
 a shock of heat and pain radiated from her gut just below the reach of her protective vest . 
 madison responded with two rounds . 
 one pierced the top of the fire extinguisher beside levi , sending an explosion of the white foamed cloud in all directions . 
 the second shot was aimed at the sprinkler head above the hunkered gunman , setting off a shrilling pulse of the siren and activating all the emergency sprinklers throughout the facility . 
 she took the opening and ran for the eighth hall , mindlessly clutching the wound on her belly . 
 her body argued with her and fought against her with each labored step . 
 the spraying water made the floor that much more treacherous as her legs numbly carried her towards the high priority safe . 
 it was n't much farther , but she just could n't take another step . 
 every bit of energy and strength ebbed away and she dropped with an awkward splash to the floor . 
 madison gasped to catch the breath that tried so hard to elude her . 
 she gradually looked up at the safe 's door . 
 it seemed so far away . 
 she could n't reach it . 
 she did n't want to anymore . 
 her eyes wanted to close . 
 she wanted to lie still with the steady drizzle falling on her back . 
 her mind began to work again . 
 it screamed for her to keep breathing , to keep moving . 
 it would n't let her be . 
 she obeyed , dragging herself over to the wall . 
 it took more than she thought she had just to bring herself to sit with her back against the cold , white wall . 
 but she did it . 
 a figure came towards her from the up the hall . 
 detached , she glanced in their direction . 
 it was skyler . 
 he was moving slowly , as if he were afraid to approach her . 
 she did n't know why he would be , she did n't have any fight left . 
 he paused a few feet away from her . 
 his face was painted with concern , maybe guilt . 
 his blue eyes looked her over as if he did n't understand what was happening . 
 worry reached through the numbness . 
 it was n't for herself . 
 it was for skyler . 
 she still did n't want anything to happen to him . 
 she was afraid of him taking the blame for what had unfolded . 
 she did n't blame him , not really . 
 but she knew he would blame himself . 
 and if he lingered much longer , he would be charged for it as well . 
 he started to edge closer . 
 madison tried to voice a warning to tell him he was dangerously close to the view of the safe 's camera , but her voice evaded her . 
 she raised the pistol and fired a shot , and skyler flinched away from the debris of the disintegrating camera . 
 turning her aim in the other direction , she put two bullets in the safe 's keypad . 
 she was content . 
 skyler would not be revealed and the safe would remain sealed . 
 madison fumbled as she ejected the last round and pulled the emptied clip from her sidearm , then let the pieces lay where they clattered to the floor . 
 she leaned her head against the wall and closed her eyes . 
 the rhythm and coolness of the shower was soothing . 
 skyler 's warm hands grasped her arm and brushed the soaked curls from her face . 
 `` look at me , '' his composed voice broke through her stillness . 
 she opened her eyes and met his assessing gaze as a drop of water rolled off his chin and splattered on her arm . 
 `` you 're going to be just fine , madison . 
 i 'm going to get you fixed up . '' 
 he adjusted his hold on her and eased her to the floor . 
 `` you need to go , '' she muttered to him . 
 he did n't react to her words . 
 his gentle touch surveyed the place on her belly that felt as if it were on fire . 
 `` the police will be here any minute . 
 you can still make it . '' 
 `` we have another eight minutes , '' he said as his eyes flashed to hers for a brief moment . 
 `` you were n't supposed to be here . '' 
 his words were muted , he was n't meaning for her to hear him . 
 `` i was bored , '' she winced . 
 `` my hot date cancelled on me . '' 
 skyler gave a sympathetic chuckle and shifted , pulling something from his vest pocket . 
 `` you 're going to be all right . 
 you 've always been a bit of a firecracker , remember to hold on to that spark . '' 
 madison watched in a daze as he uncapped a syringe and stuck her upper arm with it . 
 she thought to object , to ask him to leave , but the dose was quick to take effect . 
 she began to drift . 
 her body felt heavy and weightless at the same time . 
 her eyes lost focus as he recapped the needle and put it back into his pocket . 
 the return of familiar voice caught her attention . 
 `` what happens now ? '' 
 levi stalked up behind skyler . 
 `` we leave , '' he answered with a convincingly calm tone , though everything sounded muffled , or maybe echoed to madison as she listened . 
 `` this job is over . 
 we need to go . '' 
 `` what about her ? '' 
 skyler shook his head . 
 `` she 's dead . 
 you get carl and go on without me . 
 i 'll take care of this . '' 
 his words ambled through madison 's fading conscious . 
 she wondered if she were actually dead . 
 an odd sense of serenity came over her at the thought . 
 she was okay with it . 
 levi had n't complied with the given orders and he still waited . 
 skyler stood tall and turned to the watching man . 
 `` i said go . '' 
 his tone sounded threatening . 
 levi must have finally accepted his decree . 
 he did n't argue , quickly leaving skyler to his doings . 
 the seconds passed like hours . 
 the screeching fire alarm began to hum into nothing . 
 each drop from the overhead sprinklers felt like a whispered breath where they landed on madison 's skin . 
 she was completely unbothered by skyler 's arms coming around her and lifting her off the floor although the movement triggered another bolt of pain through her belly . 
 the waking world pushed her away from it expelling her into oblivion . 
 chapter nine remember your spark she landed in a warm place . 
 home . 
 at least it was home at one time . 
 so she believed . 
 the cities of the world calendar filled her sight . 
 her sun-kissed finger traced across the page , ending with a tap on the day with a big , gold star . 
 two weeks away . 
 only fourteen more days until the big day . 
 fourteen simple , uneventful , painfully boring days . 
 `` i 'm going to hide that thing if you keep staring at it . '' 
 `` i 'll make another , '' she easily returned . 
 she did n't have to turn to look . 
 she knew skyler sat across the kitchen with his feet up on the table . 
 he had n't moved from the spot since morgan stepped out to pick up dinner . 
 madison twirled the ring on her finger and smiled at the too distant star . 
 she was ready for a real home , a real life . 
 no more crumbs or portions of the normal world . 
 it was time to set down roots . 
 she knew morgan would give her just that . 
 he had already given her everything else and she never asked for a bit of it . 
 `` do n't worry , i wo n't kick you out until i need your room for the nursery . 
 but then i bet i can convince morgan to let you take the game room . '' 
 she strolled across the kitchen and pulled a bottle of water from the fridge . 
 she waggled it for skyler , and he held up his hands , catching it smoothly when she tossed it his way . 
 `` i 'm moving into the pool house . 
 it 's already decided . '' 
 he took a swallow of the water and chuckled . 
 `` you two will never even know i 'm here . '' 
 `` i find that hard to believe . '' 
 madison picked an apple out of the basket on the table and munched on it . 
 `` are you going to miraculously start doing your own laundry ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` nope , i 'll hire a maid . '' 
 `` you 're getting us a maid as a wedding present ? '' 
 she chirped , already knowing his answer before he puffed out the unamused snort . 
 `` nope . 
 i 'm getting me a maid as your wedding present . '' 
 she could n't help but laugh at his antics . 
 his list of habits and routines left no room for a maid . 
 he 'd flip the first time his socks were rolled instead of folded . 
 `` are you going to show her how to fold you shirts ? '' 
 `` yeah , about that , i was hoping you would n't mind the privilege . '' 
 `` gotcha covered , '' she said warmly . 
 `` between jessica and me , your laundry will never be ill managed . 
 speaking of , how 's she been lately ? 
 i have n't been able to call her back yet . '' 
 skyler pinched the bridge of his nose and groaned . 
 `` i 'm supposed to meet her parents tomorrow night . 
 we 're going out to dinner . 
 they 're going to hate me . '' 
 `` what are you saying ? 
 i 've yet to meet a person who does n't like you . 
 you have some uncanny ability to win over everyone 's heart no matter who they are . '' 
 `` this is different , '' he muttered as he stared at the water bottle . 
 `` they 're parents . 
 parents never like me . 
 trust me , i know . 
 i 've had nine sets of them . '' 
 madison sat across from him and nudged his spotless white shoes . 
 he did n't look to her . 
 `` they 'll love you . 
 just be yourself . '' 
 she could n't tell if her words comforted him any . 
 he always carried the weight of the world on his shoulders and refused to look at things simply . 
 for such an outgoing and unflinching friend , he had one of the darkest sides she had ever seen anyone to have . 
 he could paint the most beautiful pictures with his words and convince a person to put implicit trust in his tellings , but he rarely ever believed in himself . 
 despite his unceasing self battles , skyler was the best at what he did . 
 he was a friend . 
 not just the kind one would go to the movies with or take to the club . 
 he was the kind one would tell their most sacred secrets without a second thought . 
 he was the kind one would n't question when he would suggest they do something , no matter the extremity . 
 he came across as a full fledged saint . 
 that was what he did for the team . 
 while morgan plotted the task or project , skyler made it happen . 
 morgan would point him in the direction of the necessary subject and he would win that person 's confidence , gaining direct access to their targeted prize . 
 then they would bring in madison to unlock the final piece and the trio would walk away without ever breaking a sweat . 
 their plans where flawless . 
 their team was untouchable . 
 `` you 're going to spoil your dinner . '' 
 morgan 's british accent overshadowed madison 's thoughts . 
 `` there you are . '' 
 she leapt to her feet and hurried to help him distribute the dinner . 
 `` i was beginning to wonder if you went on and started without us . '' 
 `` you do n't need to go tonight , madison . 
 we have it well covered . 
 even i could crack that vault . '' 
 skyler reached across the table and swapped plates with her , leaving her with sweet and sour chicken and claiming the dumplings for himself . 
 `` he 's right , '' morgan agreed . 
 `` you 'll be bored out of your mind tonight . '' 
 she looked at them each in turn . 
 a throbbing pain deep within distracted her for a moment . 
 it was gone as quickly as it had come . 
 `` but i always go with you on the last run . 
 i like going . '' 
 morgan shrugged and took another egg roll . 
 `` if you want to go , i wo n't stop you . 
 i just figured you had too many other things to keep you busy right now . 
 this whole wedding thing has turned you into an envelope stuffing madwoman . '' 
 `` there were only enough invitations to keep me busy for one evening . 
 they were done long ago . '' 
 `` in other words , '' skyler chimed in , `` if she stays in tonight , she 'll just try that dress on for the thousandth time . '' 
 she blushed without meaning to . 
 the dress was too much of a temptation , and she had tried it on many times but not a thousand times . 
 it was a simple dress , just right for their small ceremony on the beach . 
 a smile came to her face when she pictured the sunset behind them . 
 `` come along if you must , '' morgan concluded . 
 `` but no complaints will be heard of how meager the vault is . '' 
 madison moved to consent , but the pain returned . 
 it was nauseating . 
 she took a drink of her water to calm it . 
 her stomach rolled once more , then the pain vanished . 
 `` this factory is at the old piers , right ? '' 
 `` yep . 
 just south of miami . 
 we 'll be back before you know it . '' 
 skyler nodded to morgan , `` last i spoke with our client , the main building was boarded up three weeks ago and has n't been touched since . 
 those bonds have been lonely for some time now . '' 
 the two men continued to converse about the planned night , but madison was no longer listening . 
 a burning pain jabbed at her belly and lanced across her side . 
 she pushed her plate away and gave up on the unsettling meal . 
 the discomfort lingered this time and nearly took her breath away . 
 it was the touch of morgan 's hand on hers that dulled the ache . 
 `` are you all right ? 
 you really do n't have to go if you do n't want to . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 something told her she should stay home . 
 they should all stay home . 
 this planned job was n't worth what they would give for it . 
 she looked to morgan to voice the nagging thoughts , but as soon as she parted her lips , the fretting disappeared . 
 `` i was n't as hungry as i thought i was , that 's all . '' 
 `` our bird leaves in an hour , '' skyler voiced . 
 `` we need to get going . '' 
 `` i 'm ready when you are , '' she said with a smile . 
 morgan pulled her to him and hugged her close . 
 `` of course you are . 
 you 're my good luck charm . 
 you 're always ready . '' 
 when he released her , he looked to her with a smirk and poked at the sparkling diamond on her finger . 
 she slipped off the band and put it back on her necklace . 
 he took the dainty chain and hung it around her neck . 
 madison waited to feel the weight of the suspended ring then wrapped her arms around him and kissed his smirk . 
 `` hey , wait ! 
 we almost forgot the fortune cookies . '' 
 skyler lightly tossed two wrapped cookies across the table to madison and morgan . 
 morgan opened his first . 
 `` you were n't supposed to be there . '' 
 madison turned and peered at him . 
 those words rang in her head . 
 they meant something , but she could n't place them . 
 skyler opened his next . 
 `` stay with me , i just got you back . '' 
 she looked to him . 
 why would the cookie have a message like that ? 
 she shifted to check morgan 's reaction . 
 he was gone . 
 her unwrapped fortune cookie was all she found . 
 madison unknowingly opened the crunchy treat and broke it apart in her hands , the crumbs tumbling out of her palms and scattering across the table top . 
 she pulled the narrow strip of white paper from the pieces and unfolded it . 
 `` remember your spark . '' 
 chapter ten escape every fiber of her being ached as madison groggily awoke . 
 her stubborn eyes were slow to open . 
 she was lying in a large , soft bed . 
 there was a faint glow trickling into the blue walled room as daybreak filtered through the narrow opening above the blind , washing the white ceiling in a soft light . 
 she closed her eyes and drew a full breath , holding it when the movement sent a searing pain through her abdomen . 
 her heavy hands shifted to inspect the area and found it wrapped with a gauzy bandage . 
 breathing a little more cautiously , she caught the tang of a medicine smell . 
 she began to stir and tried to get up , falling short with another flash of pain . 
 madison buried her face in the pillow and muffled a moan . 
 after a few moments , she tried again . 
 she gradually progressed to the edge of the bed and put her feet on the floor . 
 the plush carpet felt good against her bare feet . 
 it took some effort to stand unaided . 
 her head was in a fog and her knees felt weak . 
 she shuffled past the foot of the bed and reached the door . 
 she carefully cracked it open and peeked out . 
 the scene was known to her but it took a second to recognize it . 
 it was skyler 's apartment . 
 madison latched the door and leaned against it . 
 it was unsafe for her to stay . 
 she had to get out of there . 
 she had to go home . 
 she pushed past the flare of dizzying pain with each movement as she pulled on a pair of drawstring pants she found in the wooden chest of drawers . 
 she was already wearing a long t-shirt that hung on her , and she did n't spend any time finding something different . 
 with her arm held fast to her aching stomach , she stepped out of the bedroom and snuck into the front room of the apartment . 
 it was unoccupied . 
 she could hear the dull sound of a television coming from behind the door that sat closest to the front door of the apartment . 
 it was slightly ajar , the light from within spilling out into the dark main room . 
 madison approached the active room and held her breath . 
 she glanced in and saw no one . 
 a flat tv hung on the wall she could see , with shelving below it cluttered with movie cases . 
 it took her a moment , but she convinced herself to sneak by and make for the exit . 
 `` hey ! 
 you 're up ! '' 
 came a man 's voice from the side room . 
 she flinched and backed away from his direction . 
 her eyes flashed to the door that would provide her an escape and she thought to dash for it . 
 the brawny man stepped into the doorway and gave an awkward wave . 
 `` you 're probably looking for skyler . 
 he is n't here , but he 'll be back any moment . 
 how are you feeling ? 
 you 've got to be starving . '' 
 she continued to back away from him as he moved towards her . 
 she glanced around and spotted a pair of scissors on an end table . 
 madison snatched them up and held them at him as clippings of a magazine scattered all around . 
 `` stay away from me , '' she came in a whisper , her throat too dry to give it any strength . 
 the man threw his hands up and backed into his room . 
 `` hey now , you 've got this all wrong . 
 i 'm just trying to help . 
 no need to get all crazy on me . '' 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 `` just a guy , nobody special , '' he began to nervously ramble . 
 `` i 'm just sitting here , minding my own business . 
 not looking for any trouble . 
 trust me , lady , i 'm the last guy you should be worrying about . '' 
 did he mean that as a threat ? 
 she could n't tell , but she did n't want to take any chances . 
 she gave the scissors a jerking wave and he granted her more space . 
 madison shifted towards the front door with her stare fixed on him , `` then i suggest you stay back and leave me alone unless you like playing with scissors . '' 
 `` no , ma'am , i do n't . 
 do what you got ta do . 
 i wanted to call the police , just so you know . 
 i 'm not a fan of this . '' 
 he did n't offer any protest when she reached the door and pulled it open . 
 she peered outside and found the hallway to be empty . 
 the sound of the door latch catching came as madison reached the turn in the hall . 
 she did n't quite run , the hurried breaths and steps were already too much for her throbbing belly . 
 it was all she could do to get to the elevator . 
 her pulse was pounding in her ears as the silence of the elevator lingered on . 
 the numbers above the door ticked by , telling of her descent . 
 she then thought of the elegant lobby and her obviously inapt apparel . 
 her mind raced , and her hand involuntarily pressed another button beside the door . 
 a ding sounded her arrival on the fifth floor . 
 this was the first access to the parking garage . 
 she decided she would take her chances on the lesser kept exits of the building . 
 her bare feet joined in the complaining when she stepped out of the building and into the windblown garage . 
 the instant cold nearly took her breath away and she began to shiver . 
 the quaking set off another nauseating surge of pain from her abdomen . 
 still , she pressed on . 
 a glow of headlights came from the ramp ahead of her . 
 madison glanced around and found nothing to hide her . 
 she hugged herself and lowered her head , hoping she would simply appear as a tenant running out to their car to grab something . 
 it seemed to be working . 
 the large vehicle rolled by her at their continued speed . 
 then the sound of screeching brakes rang through the garage . 
 she looked up at the source . 
 it was skyler who had driven by , and he had spotted her . 
 he jumped out of his idling suv and ran towards her , leaping over the divider he had just pulled around . 
 madison knew she could n't out run him . 
 she turned and bolted back into the building . 
 all her hopes rested on the elevator , that it would be at that floor and open to her . 
 maybe she could get away from him there and try another exit . 
 she ran as fast as she could , his frantic callings coming from behind her . 
 the elevator doors were beginning to close when she turned the corner . 
 she put on an extra burst of speed and lunged for them , just barely catching them before they could meet . 
 she went to the buttons and repeatedly mashed the one that would shut out her pursuer . 
 the doors finally started to respond . 
 she pressed against the far wall of the elevator and held her breath as the sluggish doors began to merge . 
 her escape was within reach . 
 but then a hand caught the doors and they slid open once again . 
 she regretted dropping the scissors when she had left his apartment . 
 not that she would use them on him , but maybe they would have deterred him . 
 skyler rushed into the elevator and stared at her . 
 his expression was hard to read , possibly anger or fear . 
 either way she did n't hesitate to fight against him . 
 the doors started to close again , and she let out a scream . 
 skyler grabbed hold of her and covered her mouth , pulling her to him in an unyielding grasp . 
 he was shushing her and hit the stop button on the elevator panel . 
 the enclosure came to an abrupt halt . 
 `` be still , '' he growled . 
 `` i 'm trying to help you . '' 
 madison bit the hand he held over her mouth and jabbed her elbow into his hard stomach . 
 `` i was doing just fine without you ! '' 
 he wrestled with her and pinned her arms . 
 `` i know , '' he puffed as she continued to fight against him . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 she only slowed when the pain in her belly caused her focus to blur . 
 her breath escaped her , and she lost her footing . 
 skyler 's hold lessened at her hesitation and she pushed away from him . 
 she did n't get far . 
 she had nowhere to turn . 
 he dragged her back to him and pulled something from his pocket , sticking her in the arm . 
 madison knew what it was without seeing it . 
 he had dosed her again . 
 she let out a frustrated cry and fought against him as long as her wilting energy would allow . 
 he muttered apologies and slowly sank to the floor with her . 
 chapter eleven rest easy it was dark with night the next time she awoke . 
 her stomach still ached but not as badly . 
 her head was in a fog , and she slowly recalled why . 
 she made a mental note to stick skyler with one of his doses just so he would have a little more discretion in using it so frequently . 
 she shifted and looked around the room finding herself back in the large bedroom . 
 but this time she was n't alone . 
 skyler sat at the desk just inside the door . 
 he was slumped over asleep with his arms folded across his chest . 
 his deep breathing was the only sound to be heard . 
 madison let her head drop back to the pillows . 
 she was so confused . 
 she did n't know if she should make a break for it again or give him a chance to explain his side . 
 even then , what good would it do to hear him out ? 
 what would it change ? 
 he was working against her . 
 staying close to him would undoubtedly lead her back to the dangerous lifestyle she had finally escaped . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 she looked to him at the whispered asking . 
 sarcastic replies and cutting remarks raced through her waking mind . 
 but the look on his face told of his sincerity . 
 even in the dark she recognized his concern . 
 he reached behind to the desk and retrieved a glass of water and offered it to her . 
 `` you need to drink this . '' 
 pain lanced through her when she reached to accept the glass . 
 she froze in place and waited for it to subside . 
 skyler set the water on the nightstand and moved to help her . 
 `` i 've got it , '' she protested , wary that his assistance would only agitate the wound . 
 with much effort , she finally situated herself and took the glass from him . 
 the water was room temperature , but it was welcomed . 
 she drank it slowly , afraid it would irritate her empty stomach . 
 `` what day is it ? '' 
 she asked with a pause between swallows . 
 he wiped his hands down his face . 
 `` ten minutes till monday . '' 
 madison closed her eyes and leaned her head against the headboard . 
 last she remembered it was friday night , early saturday morning . 
 that means it 's been about two days since she was home . 
 two days since the attempted robbery of lake view . 
 the thought of it made her head ache . 
 what happened to caleb and waylon ? 
 poor jack must be worried . 
 bradley would be even more worried . 
 and she had n't fed victor in two days ! 
 `` you need to eat something , get your strength back . 
 finish that water , and i 'll be right back with some food . '' 
 he looked absolutely spent as he got to his feet and staggered out of the room . 
 she felt for him . 
 deep down she knew he never would have willingly put her in danger . 
 when he returned with a plate in his hand , he brought someone with him . 
 skyler moved to the bedside and set the dish on the nightstand and ushered the newcomer into the room . 
 the man stopped just inside the door and stood stiff as a board . 
 `` this is chase , '' skyler introduced his clearly uncomfortable roommate as he turned on the desk light . 
 he was the same height as skyler with a broader build . 
 he had messy , brown hair and wore a dark dress shirt untucked over khakis . 
 madison acknowledged him with a small nod . 
 she did n't blame him for being standoffish . 
 she had threatened him with his own scissors . 
 `` nice to meet you , '' she shifted and forced a smile . 
 `` sorry about earlier . '' 
 `` no worries , '' he waved passively . 
 `` i ca n't say i 'd act any differently if i had been shot and then patched up in some dude 's bathroom . '' 
 he took a step back when skyler flashed him an unimpressed glare . 
 `` if you need anything , just let him know , '' skyler knelt next to the bedside . 
 `` i have to go get my tire changed , then go to work . 
 i 'll see you later in the morning . 
 i 'm sure we have a lot to talk about . 
 please stay right here and wait for me . 
 do n't try to go anywhere or call anyone . 
 just rest . 
 i 'll explain everything when i get back . '' 
 `` what caused the flat tire ? '' 
 she said , trying to picture him changing a tire on his massive truck . 
 `` nothing , '' he shook his head and pinched the bridge of his nose . 
 `` not yet anyway . 
 i knew i would be really late going in tonight so i told them i got a flat . 
 i just have to find a garage that 's open at this hour and slash my own tire . 
 i 'm sure my boss will have my story checked . '' 
 he gave a smile and seemed to hearten some . 
 `` so you think you can do that for me ? 
 stay put for a few hours ? '' 
 she nodded to him as he rose to his full height , `` i 'll stay . '' 
 her voice hinted at the uncertainty that was weighing on her . 
 he seemed to have caught it in her tone . 
 there was a sadness in his eyes . 
 `` i 'll stay , '' she said a little stronger . 
 `` concentrate on eating , make sure to drink lots of water , and get plenty of rest . 
 i 'll hurry back as soon as i can . 
 i 'm going to fix this . 
 i promise . '' 
 madison could n't see how he could possibly correct all that had happened and wondered if they were thinking of the same problem . 
 she was worried about her coworkers , her cat , and if anyone was looking for her . 
 something told her he was aiming at a different issue . 
 a bigger issue . 
 `` yes , all right . '' 
 with a forced smile , skyler turned from her and moved across the room , pausing when he came to chase . 
 madison could n't hear what was said , but it was quick . 
 he was soon back on his way and the sound of the front door closing left her and chase alone . 
 a few moments passed and neither moved . 
 madison stared at the plate sitting atop the nightstand . 
 it looked like baked chicken and green beans . 
 it smelled really good . 
 she did n't want to reach for it , she had finally situated herself so as to not irritate the bandaged wound . 
 chase was at the edge of her vision and he was still as unmoving as a statue . 
 `` um , '' came his hesitant voice , `` does it hurt ? '' 
 she looked to him and could n't form an answer . 
 he shook his head , `` i mean i know it does . 
 no , i do n't really know , '' he began to ramble again . 
 `` i 've never been shot . 
 but i can imagine it is n't pleasant . 
 what i meant to ask was if you 're all right . 
 are you comfortable ? 
 well , all things considered . '' 
 `` i 'm fine , '' she softly assured him . 
 `` it only hurts when i move . '' 
 she puffed out a nervous laugh , then cringed , `` and when i breathe . '' 
 chase shook his head sympathetically . 
 `` breathing is sort of important . '' 
 `` it is , '' she smiled . 
 madison shifted and reached for the plate . 
 she slowed with a wince , holding her breath . 
 chase caught on and hurried across the room and helped her . 
 he then shuffled and took her glass . 
 `` i 'll get you some more water . '' 
 he did n't wait for a reply before leaving the room . 
 he was back shortly , bringing the filled glass with a kind smile . 
 `` i 've got to get back to work as well , but i 'm only a few doors down so just shout if you need anything . '' 
 `` thank you , '' she said as he turned for the door . 
 `` chase ? '' 
 he paused and looked to her . 
 `` and thank you for not calling the police . 
 do n't get me wrong , they are the good guys . 
 it 's just a little complicated i guess . 
 but thank you . '' 
 he gave a one sided shrug . 
 `` i do n't really know what 's going on . 
 skyler did n't tell me much . 
 i do n't know the guy as well as i should seeing that i share an apartment with him and all . 
 i honestly freaked a bit . 
 that was n't something i expected to come home to , urgent care thing going on in the shower stall . 
 but he seemed genuinely concerned . 
 i think i trust him . 
 i do n't know you at all , but you seem a decent enough person , scissors aside . 
 still , if either of you are some kind of psycho killer i would appreciate it if you could remember that i 'm just an innocent bystander , the unemployed artist who rents a room , that 's all . '' 
 she smiled at his telling and did her best not to laugh , to avoid the resulting discomfort . 
 his reasoning was understood , but it was his delivery that amused her . 
 `` no psycho killers here , '' she said with a nod . 
 he returned the gesture and motioned for the door . 
 with a concluding wave , he turned and left the room . 
 taking her gained solitude , madison gave her attention to the plate before her . 
 she did n't realize how hungry she was until she had to stop to catch her breath for scarfing down the chicken . 
 the plate was soon empty and she felt she could easily eat another plate full . 
 she downed the glass of water as well and wondered how difficult it would be to get herself into the kitchen for more . 
 with the plate and glass safely atop the nightstand once again , she edged to the side of the bed and put her feet on the floor . 
 her belly did n't protest too much to the movement , so she went ahead and stood , using the post of the headboard for support . 
 when she was sure of her footing , she collected the dishes and patiently made her way toward the kitchen . 
 it was dark as she wandered into the main room of the apartment . 
 the city lights cast a peculiar glow into the room from the uncovered wall of windows . 
 she paused as she caught the full spectrum of the view from their height . 
 chicago twinkled and glittered with a snowy beauty she had never seen before at this angle . 
 it was a breathtaking sight , and she drank it in . 
 for a few moments , the continually present ache faded into the background . 
 the illumination from the city gave enough light for madison to find her way around the kitchen without having to locate the light switches . 
 she found another piece of chicken in the fridge along with some more green beans . 
 after filling the plate , she set it in the microwave as quietly as she could manage . 
 while it was warming , she came across a bag of rolls and nibbled on one . 
 she stared out the spread of windows as she refilled the glass from the kitchen faucet . 
 the chime of the finished microwave caused her to flinch when it broke through her gaze . 
 apparently , chase heard the microwave , too . 
 he shuffled from his room and into the kitchen as madison was pulling the warmed plate out . 
 `` do n't mind me , '' he called as he came to the counter . 
 `` make yourself at home . '' 
 `` i would n't mind that at all , '' she said with a gesture at the windows . 
 `` yeah , '' chase sighed . 
 `` i do n't think that will ever get old . '' 
 he watched out the glass wall for a few breaths then looked to madison . 
 `` here , this is what i do . '' 
 he strode over to the set of two chairs at the window and turned them to face the view , pulling the small table between them closer to one of the chairs . 
 he then made an exaggerated bow and presented that chair to her . 
 she happily accepted his rearrangement and took the seat , carefully lowering herself into it so as not to insult the wound . 
 chase took her drink and set it on the table beside her then sat in the other chair . 
 the two stared out the panoramic view of the glowing city in silence . 
 madison had once again devoured the entire serving and considered getting more . 
 she did n't want to move from the spot . 
 it was so comfortable she thought she might nod off . 
 between the embrace of the overstuffed chair and the splendor of the scene before her , she felt she could spend the rest of her life in that very place . 
 after awhile , chase began to stir . 
 she did n't know for sure , but she guessed he had dozed off for a few moments . 
 he looked to her and let out a sigh . 
 `` i think i 'm going to turn in . '' 
 she glanced over at him and nodded , `` i probably should , too . '' 
 chase got up and took her dishes , putting them in the sink . 
 he then came back to her and offered his hand . 
 madison let him help her to her feet and guide her back to skyler 's room . 
 she sat on the edge of the bed and eyed the blinds that covered the windows along the wall . 
 he must have caught her wondering . 
 `` would you like me to open the blind or do you like the dark ? '' 
 `` i like the dark , but i think i like the view even better . '' 
 he flipped a switch on the wall , and the blind began to lower . 
 `` me too . '' 
 the mechanical reel was barely audible as it pulled the thick blind into the casing along the floor . 
 the entire outer wall was made up of windows and let in the glow of the city 's lights . 
 madison settled into the bed and was soon ready to sleep . 
 chase pulled the door partially closed and looked to her . 
 `` thank you , '' she said as he slipped out the door . 
 `` you 're welcome , '' he quietly returned . 
 `` rest easy . '' 
 it did n't take long for her to find sleep . 
 her eyes were heavy and she did n't fight to keep them open . 
 her hunger was sated , and the wrapped wound did n't complain as much as it had . 
 she snuggled into the blankets and let her calm mind take her where it would and slumbered . 
 chapter twelve breakfast stories the next morning was easy to wake to . 
 the dark walled room was brightly lit by the brilliance of the morning sun . 
 madison took her time before starting the day . 
 she pulled the covers to her chin and enjoyed the quiet and stillness . 
 this room felt so different from her own . 
 she missed her small and simple place , but this dwelling felt as if it were removed from the rest of the world as it rested high above the commotion of the city below . 
 a bird 's eye view on life . 
 when she finally began to stir , she tested the tenderness of the wound to her belly . 
 she had unknowingly become accustomed to catering to it . 
 her movements yielded to its sensitivity . 
 it was n't as incapacitating as it had been though she was still very much aware of it . 
 the living area was dim with the wall of windows covered by the blinds . 
 she glanced around the room and found skyler sleeping on the couch . 
 she had n't even heard him come in . 
 he must have been exhausted because he looked as if he had collapsed onto the sofa , still wearing his coat and shoes . 
 she shuffled into the kitchen as soundlessly as she could and scanned the contents of the fridge . 
 these two bachelors had very little to chose from food wise . 
 she settled on yogurt and a glass of juice for breakfast . 
 madison stood in the kitchen and gazed about the main room while she ate . 
 across the way , chase 's room was dark with its door wide open . 
 it did n't look as if he was in . 
 she missed his leaving as well . 
 either these two were masters at undetectable movement , or she was sleeping better than she had thought . 
 there were several dishes in the sink besides her own . 
 she checked the dishwasher and found it empty . 
 careful not to wake skyler , she took the dirty dishes from the deep sink and placed them in the stainless steel fronted dishwasher . 
 the front door eased open , and chase slipped into the room with near silence carrying a white box and paper bag . 
 he tiptoed across the front room and joined madison in the kitchen . 
 `` i was hoping to be back with breakfast before you got up , '' he whispered as he slid the box onto the counter . 
 `` good timing , '' she said and took the bag from him . 
 it held three coffees meticulously balanced in a carrier within . 
 chase gestured at the couch , `` has he been up yet ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` how long as he been there ? '' 
 `` not long , '' he said as he sorted through the box of donuts . 
 `` i found him sleeping in his truck when i went out and convinced him to come inside . 
 he said he did n't want to wake anyone , that 's why he did n't come in . 
 i do n't know how long he was out there , though . '' 
 madison cringed and set her coffee down , `` i 've been in his room ! 
 where 's he been staying ? '' 
 `` on the couch , '' he answered as he shook his head . 
 `` no inconvenience . 
 we sometimes fight over who gets to sleep on that thing . 
 it 's super comfy . '' 
 `` poor guy ! '' 
 she muttered . 
 `` hey , you 're the one who got shot . 
 i think you 've earned the bed . '' 
 she looked to him with a questioning expression . 
 his words had n't offended her , but she found his candidness surprising . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he reformed . 
 `` i 'll shut up now . 
 how 's the coffee ? '' 
 chase stuffed the rest of his donut in his mouth as if to refrain from saying anymore . 
 `` just fine , '' she chuckled . 
 he took her reply and surveyed the assortment of donuts for his next victim . 
 `` these are great . 
 where are they from ? '' 
 `` a bakery in gold coast . '' 
 `` you drove to gold coast for donuts ? '' 
 chase turned to her with a wide smile . 
 `` of course . 
 you said it yourself , these are great . 
 an artist has to have his staple goods in order to operate at his full potential . '' 
 `` he must not sleep much either , '' she said with a shrug . 
 `` usually i do , but not lately . 
 i 've got this story in my head and i ca n't get it out , not in the way that it deserves . 
 i 'm so stuck right now , i think i 'm going to go crazy ! '' 
 `` what 's it about ? '' 
 madison asked as he tugged at his messy hair . 
 he paused in his self beating and studied her . 
 `` are you just asking to be nice or do you really want to know ? ' 
 she nodded , `` i want to know . '' 
 `` well , '' he started , his expression turning serious , `` that 's sort of the problem . 
 in my head , it 's beautiful and organized . 
 as soon as i start to sketch it out , it gets ugly and jumbled . '' 
 `` alien ? 
 animal ? 
 human ? 
 superhuman ? '' 
 chase tilted his head as if she were speaking in a foreign language . 
 `` human , '' he answered slowly , sounding uncertain . 
 `` past ? 
 present ? 
 future ? 
 post apocalyptic ? '' 
 `` you rock ! '' 
 madison flinched and matched his wondering gaze . 
 `` what 'd i do ? '' 
 `` i 'll explain later , '' he declared as he stumbled off the tall stool and backed away from the counter . 
 `` thanks ! '' 
 she watched him in amusement as he scampered off to his room and shut the door behind him . 
 whatever struck him completely took over his thought process . 
 he had abandoned his half eaten donut and still steaming coffee . 
 the flash of activity must have awoken skyler . 
 the sound of his stirring caught madison 's attention . 
 she paced to the sofa and peeked over the back of it . 
 she found him looking up at her , appearing half awake . 
 `` morning , '' she softly offered . 
 `` morning , '' he returned as he rubbed his face . 
 skyler then checked his watch stifled a yawn , `` it 's still morning . '' 
 `` chase brought back some coffee and donuts if you 're hungry . '' 
 he sat up slowly and shrugged out of his coat , `` coffee sounds really good right now . '' 
 he kicked off his shoes and laid the coat over the arm of the overstuffed couch . 
 `` oh , madison , how are you feeling ? 
 are you all right ? '' 
 his tone was suddenly alert . 
 `` i 'm good , '' she quickly answered . 
 `` just feel like i 've been hit by a bus . '' 
 `` are you sure it 's all right for you to be up and about ? 
 do n't push yourself . '' 
 `` skyler , i 'm fine . 
 really . '' 
 he studied her for a few breaths . 
 his expression told that he wanted to argue , but he kept any rebuttals to himself . 
 silence stretched between them for a several moments before he began to stir again . 
 `` so chase drove across town for donuts again ? '' 
 madison let him guide her back to the counter . 
 `` he said he needed them to operate . 
 i think it worked . '' 
 she pointed at the portion of the chocolate glazed donut left sitting on the counter . 
 `` he 's had these donuts every monday for the past sixteen mondays . 
 i do n't think it was the donut . '' 
 skyler shook his head and put a napkin under the left over pastry . 
 `` i think he is just getting them so i wo n't kick him out for his lack of rent . '' 
 `` he 's not been paying rent ? '' 
 `` not as much as we agreed on , but he 's given some . 
 he 's been out of work for some time now , and his trust fund is running out . 
 he just knew he would find a job by now . 
 i wo n't kick him out . 
 i know he 's trying . '' 
 `` well , that 's what his problem is . 
 he 's putting too much pressure on himself . 
 that 's why he 's stuck . '' 
 madison picked another sprinkled donut out of the box and glanced at the closed door across the room . 
 `` i bet if you assured him he wo n't end up out on the streets for the rent shortage , he 'll be back in business in no time . '' 
 `` he wo n't end up on the streets , '' skyler smiled a sly smile . 
 `` his parents would n't let that happen . 
 he wo n't accept their help right now , but they 'll butt in if it ever came down to that . '' 
 `` ah , '' she nodded , `` i 'm beginning to get the picture . '' 
 `` he 'll be fine as long as there 's donuts every monday morning . '' 
 madison let a few moments pass as she watched skyler turn his untouched donut . 
 he was clearly distracted with something . 
 countless questions buzzed around in her head . 
 questions about her current situation . 
 questions about his situation . 
 questions about everything in between and mildly related to their circumstances . 
 she found herself a little unsettled by how much she was uncertain of . 
 and looking at skyler told of his own diffidence . 
 `` what happens now ? '' 
 she asked with a nervous note to her words . 
 skyler set his donut down and pushed it away . 
 he stared down at his coffee cup and turned it in hesitant circles . 
 `` i do n't know , '' his voice came vaguely . 
 `` i 've been racking my brain , and i ca n't find a way to right everything . 
 this was n't supposed to happen . '' 
 she eyed him and tried to decipher his meaning . 
 she was getting the feeling that this has been going on longer than the night his group attacked lake view . 
 `` what was supposed to happen ? '' 
 his eyes narrowed at her asking . 
 he did n't look to her , continuing his watch on the twirling coffee . 
 she did n't think he was going to answer her at first because he went so still . 
 `` we took the assignment several months ago . 
 i was second in charge . 
 the client made his needs very clear . 
 we set up the transaction and followed all involved subjects for two weeks . 
 it was supposed to be a very clean and simple process . 
 empty one safe , less than twenty minutes , assignment complete . '' 
 he looked to her and shook his head , `` you were never supposed to be involved . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` too many factors changed . 
 we should have called it off before we ever went in . '' 
 `` who 's the client ? '' 
 his brows raised and he gave an unamused chuckle . 
 `` that 's not going to happen , madison . '' 
 `` you keep saying that i was n't supposed to be there . 
 i work there . 
 i 've worked there for years . 
 i think if you and your crew took every aspect of that facility into account , i would have been instantly involved . 
 how are you saying otherwise ? '' 
 `` i sat on this assignment for months just to make sure i did all i could to keep you out of the picture . '' 
 `` you knew all along , '' madison broke in . 
 `` you 've known from the very beginning , however long ago that was , that i 've been here ? 
 you knew where i was and you never came to me ? 
 why not ? '' 
 she did n't hide her hurt at the thought of him avoiding her . 
 `` you were doing great . 
 you had this new life and had things figured out . 
 the last thing you needed was to be pulled back into this mess . '' 
 `` and you went ahead with your plan anyway . 
 you saw that everything was great , and you decided to try your tricks on my life anyway ? '' 
 skyler gave a weakened glare and went back to spinning his coffee cup . 
 `` you would n't understand ... '' `` that 's lame , skyler , '' she snapped at him . 
 `` you 're the one not understanding . 
 did you honestly believe you could waltz into that place , take what you wanted , and walk away without anyone noticing ? 
 without any kind of fallout ? '' 
 `` something like that , '' he came in a confident tone . 
 madison gaped at him . 
 he was infuriating . 
 he easily confessed he had willingly avoided her for the duration of his time in chicago , and that he also planned to leave without ever being noticed . 
 `` what have i ever done to you ? '' 
 she slowly posed . 
 he set his jaw and gave a one sided shrug . 
 `` you left . '' 
 chapter thirteen facing the music the sun shone brightly as if it were a good day . 
 madison frowned at the irony of the gorgeous weather . 
 it mocked her . 
 the clear morning gave no heed to the horrific night she had just endured . 
 nothing about this day would be pleasant . 
 she glanced to the passenger seat for the one-hundredth time since leaving the clinic . 
 skyler had n't moved a muscle . 
 the look on his face said it all with his brows knitted and his eyes shut tight . 
 he was miserable . 
 he had the seat back reclined a little in attempts to keep the shoulder strap from rubbing against his bandages . 
 his breaths seemed forced , telling her he was still hurting . 
 the releasing doctor from the clinic said he was medicated enough for the ride home . 
 she should have expected that much from such an establishment . 
 `` do you want another pill ? '' 
 she was already reaching for the bottle . 
 `` no . '' 
 his tone sounded meek . 
 that made her even more concerned for him . 
 `` we 're almost there , '' she said quietly , partially to encourage herself . 
 `` jessica 's going to kill me . '' 
 madison looked over at him and was slow to answer . 
 `` no she wo n't . 
 she 's just a little worried right now . '' 
 she tried to concentrate on the road . 
 she did n't want to think of how right jessica would be to worry or be furious with them , just as worried and furious as she knows skyler will be when she does n't come home . 
 the young woman was unexpectedly calm when madison called her from the clinic . 
 there were only a few questions from her , which madison answered honestly . 
 she shouldered the blame and promised jessica that skyler was involved only because she had asked for his help . 
 much to her relief , his girlfriend still agreed to let him rest at her place . 
 `` let me go with you . '' 
 she met his eyes when she glanced at him . 
 she had n't realized he was watching her . 
 `` i wo n't be long . '' 
 `` and with my help , it 'll be even faster . '' 
 as much as she needed him around , she needed even more to know he was safe . 
 that meant she had to go on her own . 
 keeping him near to her would only result in dragging him down along with herself in case of something going wrong . 
 she had just lost morgan , she was not willing to risk skyler any longer . 
 `` i wo n't be long , '' she shook her head . 
 `` you wo n't even notice i 'm gone . '' 
 `` you do n't need to go alone . '' 
 she swallowed the lump in her throat at his choice words . 
 if he only knew ... `` look , '' he took her hand , making her cringe at the the thought of him irritating his stitches , `` i 'm not a complete invalid . 
 do n't worry about me . 
 i do n't want you going to that house alone . 
 i bet we could even put it off for a few days , when we 're both feeling a little better . '' 
 she shook her head again and was grateful her eyes were too tired to tear up . 
 `` i 've got it , '' she squeezed his hand and moved it closer to him in hopes of easing his discomfort . 
 `` besides , jessica is expecting you . '' 
 he did n't answer . 
 instead , he let out a sigh , like he would when he wanted to argue his point . 
 she thought to reassure him , but something distracted her . 
 the phone in her pocket , morgan 's phone , was vibrating . 
 she had silenced it back at the clinic so it would n't bother skyler . 
 she told him she had thrown it away . 
 her plan was to get rid of it after she was able to erase their lives from morgan 's house . 
 something told her to hold onto it . 
 perhaps the handlers would call before trying to hunt her down . 
 `` i 'm sorry , madison . '' 
 she nodded as she pulled onto jessica 's street . 
 `` me too . '' 
 coming back to the present , madison looked to skyler and struggled to find a way to answer him . 
 what could she say ? 
 he offered nothing more . 
 he did n't have to . 
 it was that simple . 
 madison knew it from the very beginning and never accepted it for herself . 
 she left him all those years ago without giving him a chance to convince her otherwise , as if he did n't even matter . 
 he did matter . 
 and she had missed him just as much as she missed morgan . 
 she had wronged him . 
 she broke up the team , the only family either of them had ever known . 
 `` i 'll do it again , '' she said , feeling her heart break with each word . 
 `` if that is what you want or need . '' 
 `` it wo n't work this time . '' 
 his answer sounded cold to her . 
 she could n't tell if he was meaning to come off as threatening , but her stomach tightened in response . 
 `` you screwed up . 
 it was only a matter of time before it caught up with you anyhow . '' 
 she studied him and searched for a way to understand what he meant . 
 he was too calm for her comfort . 
 her head was pounding , her heart was racing , and he sat there as if they were discussing lunch plans . 
 she was torn between breaking for the door and crying on his shoulder , and she was n't a crier . 
 `` meredith turner , '' he finally spoke up , half turning to her . 
 `` where did you get that name ? '' 
 madison thought back through her crazed dash about the country . 
 `` i picked it up in sacramento . 
 i did n't use it until i came here , though . 
 why ? '' 
 `` did you look into it at all ? 
 how did you find your source ? '' 
 she put her head in her hands and was slow to recall the details . 
 `` i do n't remember where i met him , or how . 
 he said the name had been available for awhile and promised it would n't be noticed . 
 i believed him . 
 who was she ? '' 
 `` not was , is . 
 she is a seventeen-year-old girl in a coma from a self inflicted overdose in a denver facility . 
 her parents are the catch . 
 he is a senator and the mother is a lawyer . '' 
 `` oh joy ! '' 
 madison muttered into her hands . 
 it was a stupid and naive mistake on her part . 
 her desperation had gotten the best of her . 
 `` that 's not your only problem right now , '' he offered in a kinder tone . 
 `` there are a few more things you should be aware of . 
 one , '' he gestured at the wound she held to , `` i could n't get it out . 
 i could n't find the bullet , so it is still in you . 
 it wo n't bother you as long as there is n't more damage than i managed to patch up . 
 it is a titanium bullet and undetectable unless x-rayed . 
 and for obvious reasons , you wo n't be able to go to your local clinic to have it removed . 
 `` two , meredith turner , aka you , was declared a hero for her actions that night at lake view . 
 that is what got the attention of the real meredith 's family . 
 the police ran forensics from the scene and learned of your real identity . 
 you 've been made , madison . 
 `` the only upside to this is that you have also been declared missing and presumed dead . 
 this is a recent development , and i think meredith 's family has something to do with its timing . '' 
 `` how is that an upside ? '' 
 madison asked in a daze , struggling to grasp all he had said . 
 `` no one will be looking for you . '' 
 his tone was matter-of-fact as if he was surprised she was n't following . 
 her entire life came down to those few words . 
 she was again consigned to oblivion . 
 everything she had worked so hard to build was gone just like that . 
 it was n't a comfort , not even close . 
 was she never to have a normal life ? 
 for a moment , the wound in her gut disappeared for the pain that radiated within her chest . 
 it was a pain she had learned to live with over the years and it had slowly began to fade . 
 now , it was back with a vengeance . 
 there was nothing she could do to calm it . 
 each thought only added to it . 
 she reached up and held to the ring that dangled from her necklace . 
 it was the one thing she had been able to take with her , and resembled the life that never happened . 
 `` you 're going to be all right , madison . 
 i 'll figure something out and you 'll be back out in the world in no time . 
 you 'll be able to go find another bradley and settle down , have a normal life . '' 
 skyler had turned back to his donut and was picking it apart , seemingly oblivious to her turmoil . 
 `` i ca n't do this , '' she breathed as she closed her eyes to hold back pressing tears . 
 `` who was i kidding ? '' 
 `` you did it once , you can do it again . 
 just be a little more careful about the name you take up . 
 do more research this time . '' 
 `` i can never have the normal life , skyler . 
 the closest i 've ever come was with morgan . 
 all my desire died with him . 
 i 've walked around all these years only pretending to have a life . 
 it has n't been anything i thought it would be . 
 it 's empty . 
 hollow . 
 we all get our due in the end . 
 i guess it 's my time to pay up . '' 
 she continued to finger the small ring , feeling the curve of the band and the edges of the diamond . 
 its entire form was burnt into her memory . 
 she knew every angle and turn of it . 
 skyler puffed out a sigh . 
 madison could n't tell if it was out of frustration or pity . 
 she did n't look at him as she chose to drown in her own depression . 
 neither of the two spoke for a time . 
 she stared down at the countertop and he made a pile of crumbs out of the defenseless donut . 
 madison was n't uncomfortable with the silence . 
 she had nearly forgotten that she was n't the only one in the room much less that skyler was sitting right next to her . 
 her mind was stuck on the fact that she was completely forgotten and alone . 
 it was devastating . 
 `` you 're capable of much more than that , '' he began unasked . 
 `` more than you 've let yourself have in this life . 
 more than what you would have gotten with morgan . 
 you 're holding yourself back just like morgan held you back when you were with him . '' 
 `` you 're wrong , '' she grumbled under her breath . 
 skyler shook his head and glanced over at her . 
 she avoided meeting his eyes . 
 `` morgan was a business man . 
 he did everything for business and nothing more . 
 all you ever looked to gain was a place to belong . 
 you were the best at what you did and he knew that . 
 he waved a stable family in front of you and you jumped on it . 
 if you asked for money he would have given you that instead . '' 
 she looked to him with a glare , `` you 're wrong . 
 how could you say something like that ? 
 morgan loved you like a brother . 
 he took you in and treated you like family . 
 he took care of both of us . 
 we did n't deserve him . '' 
 `` i wish i were wrong . 
 it 's the truth . 
 if someone came along that did your job just the slightest bit better than you , he would have turned you out in a heartbeat . '' 
 madison could n't form a reply . 
 she was ashamed to know how he thought of morgan . 
 he could n't have been more wrong . 
 she wanted to knock him right off the stool . 
 instead , she shook her head at him and turned to her nearly finished coffee , refusing to discuss it any further with him . 
 `` i thought that surely you 'd see it by now . 
 i wanted to tell you then , but you were so happy , and i thought he would actually go through with it . 
 i ca n't believe you 've hung onto a lie for so long . '' 
 he just would n't quit . 
 `` what are you trying to say , skyler ? '' 
 she finally turned on him . 
 `` are you saying i 'm stupid ? 
 are you saying that i 've set myself up for this ? 
 so what if i am stupid ? 
 so what if i asked for this ? '' 
 she got to her feet and shoved the stool under the counter . 
 the temper driven movement set off her wound as if she had been shot again . 
 she did n't flinch , her adrenaline and fury drove her onward . 
 `` you know what ? 
 i 'd do it all over again . 
 and do you know what else ? 
 i did n't ask for your help then just like i did n't ask for your help now . 
 why have you taken it upon yourself to make sure i know how screwed up i am ? 
 am i some sort of sick project of yours ? '' 
 she did n't give him any chance to make a reply and ignored his shocked expression as she threw the verbal beating at him . 
 `` at least i tried . 
 i took a chance and reached for more than what everyone told me i could have . 
 yes , i fell flat on my face each time , but i still tried . 
 i do n't need you to remind me that i 've gone absolutely nowhere in my life . 
 i can see that just fine on my own ! '' 
 seeing red , she stormed off to the bedroom leaving him speechless from the lashing . 
 slamming the door sent another bolt of searing pain though her abdomen , and this time she yielded to it . 
 doubling over , she limped around the side of the bed and eased onto the mattress . 
 she somehow kept the angry and heartbroken tears at bay as she lay on her stomach and stared out the window . 
 the cityscape always had a way of taking the edge off . 
 she 'd hit another wall . 
 not only was her most recent way of life demolished , but now she honestly had no idea how or where to start over . 
 she admitted hopelessness . 
 the last time she had a healthy savings to get through the rough spots . 
 this time was different . 
 she maybe had a couple hundred dollars to her name , and she did n't think she would even be able to get to it . 
 she was alone and terrified . 
 chapter fourteen take heart an incredibly humble knock came to the bedroom door followed by an equally humble voice as it cracked open , `` may i come in ? '' 
 `` it 's your room , '' madison said passively . 
 she listened as skyler stepped inside and eased the door closed . 
 he ever so quietly moved to the side of the bed and sat on the edge . 
 there were no other words for several minutes . 
 he was simply there . 
 she knew that despite his silence his mind was churning tirelessly with all he was wanting to say . 
 he had always turned inward when he was distressed by something . 
 the only effort one would know of him trying to settle things would be by his lingering presence . 
 she did n't push him . 
 he would come in his own time . 
 and he did . 
 `` i 'm sorry , madison . '' 
 his voice was low . 
 she did n't have to look at him to know his expression . 
 somber . 
 `` i never meant to upset you . 
 i do n't blame you if you hate me . 
 i can understand why you would . '' 
 he paused for a few breaths before puffing out a sigh and trying again . 
 `` my words were not as encouraging as i meant for them to be . 
 what i was trying to say was that you are n't letting yourself live the life you deserve . 
 you 're hanging onto this memory that is only a fraction of what you should have . 
 hate me all you want , but i could n't let you do that to yourself anymore . 
 do n't cling to morgan like this . 
 he did n't deserve your love or your faith . '' 
 silence filled the room again . 
 madison kept up her watch of the city , and skyler did n't budge . 
 she did n't offer a response . 
 his continuing to stay told her he was n't yet finished . 
 `` will you let me show you something ? '' 
 `` skyler , please ? 
 you 've made your point . 
 could you let me be ? '' 
 her voice was n't as steady as she had hoped it to be . 
 he got up off the bed , and she thought he was going to grant her request . 
 but instead he walked around to her side of the bed and knelt . 
 his hand came gently to her back . 
 `` i think this is something you need to see , '' he said softly . 
 `` it wo n't take long . '' 
 skyler maintained a kind hold on her as he guided her over to the desk . 
 he let her sit in the chair while he pulled up what he had in mind on his laptop . 
 the website was of a local newspaper . 
 sunday 's issue . 
 he clicked on a link midway down the page and adjusted the screen to give her a better view , then bowed his head . 
 the article was about the incident at lake view . 
 there were several interviews and quotations . 
 the gist of it was the company paying their respects to an employee by the name of meredith turner , noting that she was known by all in the company as madison . 
 it did n't tell of the attempted robbery but mentioned that it was reported in the prior issue . 
 it covered the thoughts of all those who had worked with the lost employee , stating their condolences to her friends and family , and that she would be missed . 
 they told of her honesty , dependability , kindness , and strength as a good person . 
 the photos within the article tore at madison 's heart . 
 the first one was of the graduation from night school with bradley . 
 another was of her with caleb and waylon at a company barbecue from caleb 's first year . 
 down the page were recent photos from the day after the incident . 
 her coworkers gathered to pay their respects and console one another . 
 shown along with her colleagues were their families she had come to know including jeremy and evelyn . 
 she studied each familiar face and hated to see them grieve for her . 
 she wiped at the tears that finally began to fall . 
 `` why are you showing me this ? '' 
 skyler knelt down and looked up at her . 
 he did n't answer for a few breaths , then nodded at the pictures on the screen . 
 `` i do n't think they would agree with you , that your life was empty and hollow . 
 i think they saw that spark of yours . '' 
 his eyes shifted to find hers . 
 she shook her head and lowered her gaze . 
 the weight of his stare was more than she could handle at the moment . 
 `` i know it was n't easy to make a new life for yourself , all by yourself . 
 i tried and i failed . 
 i did n't last long at all on my own . 
 but you did . '' 
 `` but i miss him so much . 
 i still love him . '' 
 `` i know . 
 just promise me you wo n't short yourself on life anymore . 
 that 's all i 'm asking . '' 
 she looked to him and felt herself wane with his telling . 
 she could n't answer him . 
 the tears rolled down her cheeks as she quit fighting to hold them back . 
 skyler put his arms around her and held her tight . 
 she cried against his chest and clutched her ring . 
 she did n't feel she was shorting herself on anything . 
 her love for morgan was still real to her and meant more to her than what moving on with someone else would do . 
 he was very much a part of her even now . 
 `` i thought of you and missed you everyday , '' he said as he rocked her in his arms . 
 `` i did n't think i would ever see you again , but i knew you were fine all along . 
 and you still are . '' 
 he held her until she began to settle again . 
 it did n't take her long to calm . 
 she never did like crying much . 
 it accomplished nothing . 
 skyler shifted back and gave her a smile . 
 she nodded to him and assured him she was alright . 
 he closed the screen on the laptop and leaned against the desk , his expression studious . 
 `` can i get you anything ? 
 i 'm feeling pretty useless right about now . '' 
 she met his asking with a smile of her own . 
 there was n't really much she could technically ask for at this point . 
 everything seemed off limits to a stashed miscreant . 
 she shook her head then shifted , `` a shower sounds good , actually . 
 that 's all . '' 
 he narrowed his eyes and peered at her hidden bandages . 
 `` let me tape that up and i think it should be fine . '' 
 with that , skyler rummaged through several desk drawers until he came across what he was searching for . 
 he held up the medical grade tape roll and gestured for her to let him tend to the bandages . 
 she pulled up the oversized t-shirt just enough to reveal the wrappings , turning her head as he got to work on it . 
 a few minutes later , madison was standing in the shower and feeling the wear of the past few days wash away . 
 in the quiet calmness , she could n't help but wonder what skyler meant when he said morgan was merely a business man . 
 she knew he was governed by his job , but what did that have to do with him keeping her around ? 
 one particular memory came to mind , which she long ago figured that he was testing her out . 
 it was a few months after meeting morgan , and weeks after she opened his locked car for him . 
 he came into the diner and said he had a favor to ask of her . 
 his story was that he had put some documents in a safe at his house and forgot the combination . 
 the papers were needed to be delivered to his boss that night , and the company he bought the safe from said it would be three days before they could open it for him . 
 when she was slow to agree to help him , he promised that he would be able to show proof of it being his safe once it was opened . 
 after thinking it over all day , she decided to help him . 
 skyler insisted on going with her , wary of her agreeing to such a stunt . 
 he drove her to morgan 's after work . 
 `` why did you tell him you can crack safes ? '' 
 `` i did n't , '' madison shrugged , ignoring his anxious stare as they waited at the end of the driveway . 
 `` i only said that i can open anything that 's locked . 
 remember ? 
 when he locked himself out of his car . '' 
 `` yeah , '' he sighed , `` i was there . '' 
 `` he asked this morning if i could open safes . 
 what was i supposed to say ? '' 
 skyler shook his head and started up the drive , `` i just do n't think this is a good idea . 
 remember what happened last time ? '' 
 she did n't try to answer him . 
 the time he was hinting at was the one time she got caught . 
 a person she thought was her friend asked her to break into the school so they could get their homework out of their desk . 
 she did n't know they were stealing the answers for the history exam for the next day . 
 they were discovered only because she refused to let them leave the classroom with the answer sheet , locking them both in until someone came looking for them . 
 `` he 's a nice guy , '' she said as they pulled up in front of the two-story brick house framed by tall palm trees . 
 `` i trust him . '' 
 `` you hardly know him , '' skyler laughed . 
 `` i 've said my peace . 
 i 'm not the one with a juvie record . '' 
 she got out of the car and followed him down the sidewalk . 
 `` only because you never got caught . '' 
 he stalled at the foot of the stairs and turned to her . 
 `` convincing your teachers to give you an a is totally legit . 
 breaking in to get an a is not . '' 
 `` do n't take that tone with me , skyler evan , '' she shook her head at him , then took the stairs quickly to hide a smile . 
 `` there was n't a tone , madison olivia . 
 that was your guilty conscience kicking in . '' 
 she exchanged playful glares with him as they stood at the door . 
 it opened before the chime of the door bell finished its song . 
 morgan greeted them and ushered them in with a warm smile . 
 `` come in , and thank you for helping me with this . '' 
 she always found his accent fascinating . 
 madison nodded at skyler as he eyed morgan , `` no problem , but could you tell my friend here that you 're not a crook ? '' 
 `` i 'm not a crook , '' he laughed , then led the way to the safe . 
 it was tucked in the back of a closet in one of the bedrooms . 
 she gave the dial an experimental turn and listened to the feedback of the internal gears . 
 morgan knelt beside her and skyler stood by the door . 
 `` so , how have you been , skyler ? '' 
 `` good . 
 staying busy . '' 
 madison chuckled at his small talk . 
 she was appreciative of morgan trying to entertain skyler , but she knew her nervous friend would n't settle easily . 
 he rarely approved of others learning of her talent . 
 it did n't take her long to have the safe open . 
 morgan cut off the unproductive conversation with skyler and patted her on the back . 
 `` there should be a manila envelope on the top shelf with the name bristow on it . '' 
 she reached in and pulled out the envelope and handed it to him . 
 she recognized the name from his business card he had given her when they first met . 
 `` do you want me to write the combo down for you ? '' 
 `` no , '' he shook his head , `` i 'll lose track of it . 
 just leave it open . '' 
 he turned to skyler and guided him out of the room , `` i wish i had more time tonight , we could shoot a game of pool before you go . 
 madison tells me you play . '' 
 she caught his questioning glance before he answered . 
 `` yes , sir , i play every now and then . '' 
 `` are you any good ? '' 
 `` i think so , sir . '' 
 `` then come back sometime soon and we 'll put my pool table to use . 
 but you 'll have to go easy on me , i have n't played in awhile . '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 that sounds good . '' 
 morgan paused in front of the door and put his arm around skyler 's shoulder , `` and stop calling me ` sir ' . 
 it makes me feel old . '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' he smiled , looking for madison to go ahead of him . 
 `` see you tomorrow , '' she said as morgan held the door . 
 he bowed his head , `` looking forward to it . '' 
 quickly feeling sapped from standing for the duration of the shower , madison was soon back in a fresh set of drawstring pants and baggy t-shirt . 
 skyler 's clothes were much too big for her , but the loose fit was very comfortable concerning her tender belly . 
 once she was settled , skyler insisted on changing the bandages and checking her wound . 
 she lay on the bed and stared out the window . 
 the view was still as captivating as the first day she had discovered it . 
 time had no say on her city . 
 it would always be beautiful . 
 it would always take her breath away . 
 random thoughts turned in her head as she merely held her place and let skyler patch her back up . 
 she hardly noticed his touch , either from it being so light or by her mind being elsewhere . 
 his earlier words and demeanor earned her attention . 
 she knew he had always meant well . 
 he never would have intentionally hurt her . 
 in the past , he was quite often hyperaware of the feelings of those around him ; hence his ability to cater to hearts . 
 for him to take such a forceful stand , he must have been dwelling on the strife for some time . 
 `` i do n't hate you , skyler , '' she said softly , keeping her tranquil watch of the city . 
 `` i could never hate you . '' 
 he did n't make a sound . 
 madison did n't look at him as he continued with his task . 
 he never slowed . 
 she knew he had heard her . 
 there was nothing else to hear besides the hushed rattling of the bandages and the faint remnants of music that seeped from chase 's room . 
 the gauzy wrap began to feel snug around her , and she assumed he was finishing up . 
 she shifted to look to him , finding him meeting her gaze for a breath before returning his eyes to his work . 
 `` almost done , '' he said in a muted tone . 
 she watched and studied him while he situated the bandages . 
 he was being awfully careful . 
 when skyler was content with his efforts , he gave her a small nod and stood beside the bed , nervously turning the remaining roll of bandages in his hands . 
 he looked about the room for a moment then to madison . 
 `` we 're all right ? '' 
 he asked with another nod . 
 `` we 're all right , '' she smiled . 
 it must have been what he needed to hear because he quickly returned a smile that looked as if he were a little boy who had just gotten his first puppy . 
 `` good , '' he stated with a sigh . 
 `` and you 're feeling all right ? '' 
 he gestured to her wrapped belly . 
 she agreed with a sideways nod , `` definitely getting better . '' 
 `` good , '' he said again . 
 skyler set the bandage roll on his desk then moved to sit beside her on the bed . 
 `` i forgot to tell you about your cat . 
 i 'm sure you 've been worried about him , so i stopped by your apartment yesterday . 
 the police were there , and i was afraid they beat me to him . 
 they said they called animal services since they did n't know of any emergency contacts you might have had . 
 i was going to take him . 
 i do n't know what i would have done with him . 
 i 've never gotten along with cats . 
 but your neighbor , dafne ? 
 well , she came to our rescue and volunteered to take him in . 
 from the looks of it as i was leaving , they were both very happy to see one another . '' 
 it felt as if a huge weight had been taken off her learning of victor 's impromptu home . 
 there were few things she worried about in her life , and the cat she had left behind was one of them . 
 she knew dafne would take care of him . 
 `` thank you , '' she breathed . 
 `` you have no idea of what a relief it is to hear that . 
 you would have brought him home ? '' 
 `` i would have tried , '' he shrugged . 
 `` that was if i ever got ahold of him . 
 that is one big cat . '' 
 `` yep . 
 the vet told me he is a russian blue . 
 they evidently can get rather large . '' 
 `` have you had him long ? '' 
 madison shook her head . 
 `` not long . 
 since he was a kitten , though . 
 he 's a good cat . 
 i 'm happy to know he is with dafne . 
 she 'll spoil him rotten . '' 
 she smiled to herself and pictured the gray cat sitting on dafne 's lap while she watched her game shows . 
 they would keep each other company just fine . 
 skyler reached over and put his hand on her shoulder . 
 it was n't a gesture he did often , and she studied him for it . 
 he did n't seem to notice her intrigue . 
 he was looking more through her than at her . 
 she gave him a moment . 
 that was all it took . 
 he eventually came back to the present and acknowledged her gaze with a curious smile . 
 she kept her questions to herself . 
 `` and now i get to go back to work , '' he said wearily . 
 he was leaving again . 
 madison frowned . 
 it seemed that each time she wanted to remain in his presence , he was promptly being snatched away . 
 she wondered if he ever took any time off . 
 `` i do n't know when i 'll be back , but i wo n't leave you hanging , '' he went on , ignoring her petulance . 
 `` i 'm leaving you one of my cards . 
 why do n't you put this computer to use and do some shopping or something . 
 is n't that what women do when they sit home all day ? '' 
 she could n't maintain her sulking with his teasing . 
 he gave his familiar smirk when she gaped at him . 
 `` and what do you suggest i shop for ? '' 
 she asked in the most sarcastic tone she could find . 
 `` how about your own clothes ? 
 better yet , keep those , '' he tugged at the pants she was wearing , `` and get me some new pajamas . '' 
 `` i 'll see what i can do . '' 
 madison chuckled at him when he tossed a credit card down on the desk and patted the sleeping laptop . 
 `` what 's my limit ? ' 
 skyler shrugged . 
 `` knock yourself out . 
 it 's a company card . '' 
 `` so i can get a g-wagon to match yours ? '' 
 she quipped . 
 `` err , '' he cringed , `` we 'll discuss that later . 
 let 's keep it more along the lines of what can be delivered to the apartment without drawing too much attention from the neighbors . '' 
 `` i think i can handle that , '' she said with a dubious grin . 
 skyler shifted and peered at her for a moment as if he was trying to decipher her true intentions . 
 he must have found her to be benign . 
 he soon moved for the door and shook his head with a chuckle . 
 chapter fifteen bank shot , left pocket the following days proved to be the most difficult for madison . 
 she was under strict orders from skyler to stay within the apartment . 
 she was not allowed to answer the phone . 
 if chase was there , he was to answer the door instead of her . 
 she was to stay out of sight and be completely unnoticed by all . 
 cabin fever took hold of her before the second day . 
 tireless housekeeping took the place of her daily runs . 
 she started every day with a detailed cleaning of each room . 
 within the first several days , she began to wonder how it appeared so spotless in the first place . 
 the two men left their dishes at random places throughout the apartment . 
 shoes and clothes were rarely found in the same place twice . 
 she found out their secret by the end of the first week . 
 they had a housekeeper who paid daily visits to the apartment . 
 she worked for the complex and only cared for the rooms that elected the service . 
 skyler canceled their scheduled up-keeping , wary of the maid recognizing madison . 
 chase did n't take well to his roommate stopping the service without consulting him first . 
 that much was implicated in the handful of words she overheard from the hushed dispute between the two men . 
 the on-line shopping was a little unnerving to madison at first . 
 she had never had a credit card before and was leery of using skyler 's to make purchases . 
 she stuck to stores she was familiar with and places she had visited before . 
 still , each time she saw the card 's number fill the boxes on the screen , she could n't help but cringe . 
 there were too many stories of shopping-gone-bad from people who had used trusted sites . 
 it was mainly clothes she shopped for at first . 
 she eventually expanded to other things such as shoes and make-up , girly stuff as chase branded it when the boxes arrived . 
 as the days stretched into weeks , she did the grocery shopping for the trio on-line . 
 that way she had meals ready for the two bachelors when otherwise they would venture out for dinners to bring home . 
 she began to feel like a stay at home mom or a live-in maid , but she did n't mind . 
 it gave her something to do besides sit and watch the door for skyler to come home , and she enjoyed it . 
 late one afternoon as she was tidying up skyler 's desk , madison came across a picture that tugged at her heart . 
 it was of skyler and morgan playing pool . 
 the background was familiar to her , but she could n't place it . 
 it must have been an older picture before morgan shaved his head . 
 his tight , raven curls aged him so he had begun to shave his head not long after madison moved in . 
 the two looked happy in the photo . 
 morgan 's wide smile reflected the sparkle in his eyes . 
 skyler was n't smiling as much , but then again , he hardly ever did . 
 he was content . 
 it was in his posture . 
 she sat in the leather chair at the desk and studied the picture . 
 she had n't taken any with her when she left miami , so this was the first time in eight years she looked upon morgan 's face . 
 her memories of him matched the image in the photo . 
 she could almost smell his cologne and hear his voice as she tried to place herself in the picture . 
 she wondered if she was there , in the background somewhere , or if it was a night she stayed home . 
 the two friends took their pool game too seriously for her taste . 
 she had difficulty understanding the rules and following the points . 
 as she took in more of the captured details , her eyes began to argue with her brain . 
 the room looked familiar to her because she had been there . 
 it was not in miami . 
 the memorabilia on the walls matched what she knew a bar in chicago to have in north river . 
 she knew skyler had never been out of miami as long as she had known him , so they could n't possibly be in chicago . 
 could they ? 
 the date printed in yellow text on the lower corner added to her confusion . 
 it was three months old . 
 it had to be wrong . 
 yes , skyler confessed to being here four months now , but morgan was dead . 
 there had to have been some mistake . 
 the picture lied . 
 she turned it over to see if she could find an accurate date on the back . 
 there was writing but not a date . 
 it was morgan 's handwriting . 
 `` bank shot , left pocket . '' 
 what was that supposed to mean ? 
 madison did n't know how long she stared at the photo , but it must have been for hours . 
 she did n't notice the room gradually darkening as the sun sank into the horizon . 
 she did n't notice chase wandering about the front room as he jabbered with someone on his phone . 
 what finally got her attention was skyler standing in the doorway . 
 he had said something to her . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she reminded herself to blink , her eyes painfully dry . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she forced her gaze away from the confusing picture . 
 `` dinner , '' he repeated with a kind smile . 
 `` i was asking if you wanted me to go get something . 
 i guess i was getting used to the home cooked meals . '' 
 `` i forgot dinner , '' she muttered to herself . 
 reality flooded back into her stagnate mind . 
 `` what time is it ? '' 
 `` not yet seven . '' 
 he chuckled at her slowness . 
 `` do n't worry about it . 
 it 's a pizza night anyway . '' 
 `` skyler ? '' 
 she called to him as he turned away . 
 `` where is this ? '' 
 he came to her side and looked down at the picture she held out for him . 
 `` some bar , i think . 
 why ? '' 
 `` when ? '' 
 she choked some on the question , hating herself for even asking . 
 it had to have been an old photo . 
 her thumb covered the printed date . 
 it was wrong . 
 with a barely audible groan , he shuffled back and sat on the edge of the bed . 
 he took the picture from her and clenched his teeth as he peered at it . 
 his finger tapped the printed text on the corner . 
 `` the date is right , '' he said quietly . 
 her head shook involuntarily , `` but ... morgan ... '' `` he 's alive . '' 
 the words rang in her ears without registering in her head or heart . 
 it would be a beautiful reality if he were alive . 
 but she knew he was n't . 
 she saw the explosion . 
 she heard the report of no survivors . 
 if he were alive , why would n't he have searched her out ? 
 if he were here in chicago , why had n't he come to her ? 
 would n't her heart know if her soulmate was so near ? 
 she looked to skyler and let the storm of emotions show on her face and tell of her torture . 
 he seemed to be right there with her . 
 he was telling the truth . 
 she finally found her voice . 
 `` where is he ? '' 
 `` do n't do this , madison , '' he shook his head at her , tossing the picture away as if it would undo the old wound that was about to rip open . 
 `` do n't do what ? 
 how could you keep this from me ? 
 why would you do that ? '' 
 `` listen to me , '' he steadied and leaned in to force her attention . 
 `` he 's not what you think he is . 
 he 's a monster . 
 you were better off without him . '' 
 `` you had no right ... '' `` i had every right , '' he broke in . 
 `` if you knew half the stuff i did , you 'd understand . '' 
 he did n't give her a chance to counter him . 
 `` what did he tell you about that last job ? '' 
 `` he said it would be the last one we needed to do . '' 
 she bit her lip and wondered what that had to do with anything . 
 `` he said we would n't have to take any more jobs after that one . '' 
 `` that 's because he set it up . 
 he faked his death to get out from under his handlers . 
 he had n't paid what they demanded , and they were coming after him . 
 it was all a part of his plan . 
 `` he was furious that you left and wanted to track you down and drag you back . 
 i tried to leave after that . 
 i only lasted six months . 
 i got into some trouble that i could n't get out of . 
 he came without my asking and got me out . 
 he told me i owed him for the debt , and that he now owned me . 
 the guys that were after me at the time said they would break my legs for the trouble i caused them . 
 morgan paid them off and took me home . 
 i did n't trust him , and i was right not to . 
 he had his guys rough me up to teach me a lesson . 
 i tried to fight them off , but three to one is n't the best of odds . 
 `` i tried a few more times after that to get out . 
 i only found a good bruising each time . 
 morgan went on like we were best friends . 
 he told everyone i was his partner . 
 he took insane jobs and stuck me with them . 
 i did all his dirty work and he got the pay . 
 my debt has only increased according to him . 
 `` he offered me this job eight months ago . 
 i turned it down . 
 he sent for me six months ago and demanded my involvement . 
 i only took charge of it when i found out you were with the company we were going after . 
 he knew who you were , and he never flinched . 
 i was assigned to bradley . 
 levi had you . 
 i persuaded morgan to let me take your detail . 
 he made it clear that you were to be considered just another pawn in the game . 
 he did n't care what happened to you . 
 `` the night we moved against lake view , morgan made one more adjustment to my team . 
 i picked certain men to go in with me that i knew would follow my plan without question . 
 no one was to be harmed . 
 morgan pulled a guy and put levi in his place . 
 i did n't want him going in because i knew he was uncontrollable and trigger happy . 
 `` after it was all said and done , i did n't report back until after i had you settled in here . 
 morgan was fuming by the time i got there . 
 he wanted to see your body . 
 i told him i dumped it in the river , and he took it like i had just wrapped up a present and handed it to him . 
 he went back to planning our next move . 
 he could n't care less . 
 `` so yes , madison , morgan is alive . 
 but not the morgan you knew . 
 he goes by geoff now , and he 's ruthless . 
 if he knew you were still alive , he 'd come kill you himself and probably me for the attempted deceit . '' 
 his story was just that , a story . 
 she refused to believe him . 
 morgan would never hurt a fly . 
 he loved her , and he would n't do anything to put her in danger . 
 he took care of her and skyler . 
 she could n't understand why he would weave such a preposterous tale . 
 she glared at him and seriously tried to find what had him so against morgan . 
 but his tone , his body language , and the look in his eyes were honest . 
 he looked as if he physically hurt to tell her all this . 
 it was sobering to hear the fear in his voice . 
 he appeared scared and brave at the same time . 
 even so it was all too much . 
 her mind tried to shut it all out in desperation to avoid any more of the maddening topic . 
 `` talk to me , '' skyler 's timid voice snuck through the nauseating silence . 
 `` tell me what you 're thinking . 
 please . '' 
 she put her face in her hands and held her breath . 
 there was nothing to say , nothing to think . 
 what was the point ? 
 nothing made sense . 
 `` i ca n't , '' she choked when his warm hand brushed her arm . 
 `` i think i need to lie down . '' 
 there was no protest from skyler as he held his place and watched her fumble around to the other side of the bed and lay on her belly . 
 she buried her face in the mass of fluffy pillows and wished she were alone . 
 tears stung her eyes and threatened to overflow with each breath . 
 the rhythm of her racing heart sounded in her ears and kept beat with the pounding of her head . 
 madison trusted the stillness around her and tried to wrap her head around the idea of misplaced grief . 
 her body ached as she tensed up with the determination not to cry . 
 a few tears escaped , and she did n't know if it was out of heartache or anger . 
 maybe it was for the pain emitting from her chest or the idea that morgan did n't truly care for her . 
 she had mourned for him all these years and thought she was cried out . 
 it might have been because it hurt less to think he was actually dead . 
 she hated herself for that thought which added to the pain in her chest . 
 she wanted to hate skyler for telling her and for hiding it from her . 
 but she knew he was the most innocent party involved . 
 she held her breath at the sound of movement . 
 she had assumed skyler had left , but she was wrong . 
 he scooted closer and put his hand on her , turning big , silent circles on her back . 
 calmed breaths returned to her . 
 she shifted to look at him . 
 he was leaning against the headboard with his head back and his eyes closed . 
 `` i do n't believe you , '' she stated to his quiet presence . 
 he peered at her for a moment and acknowledged her spoken words then let his head back against the headboard . 
 `` i 'm still going to fix this , '' he said as he stared at the ceiling . 
 `` you 'll be able to move on from all this and start over somewhere nice and never revisit this mess . 
 i 'll find a way for you to walk away and forget morgan , myself , everything . 
 leave it all behind and live for yourself . 
 you will find peace , madison . 
 this i promise you . '' 
 she watched him after he went quiet again . 
 he was wrestling with something . 
 his promise to her would cost him . 
 if all he had said about morgan was true , and morgan owned him , skyler 's assistance would not go unpunished . 
 there 's no telling how far morgan 's wrath would reach if he learned of the ruse . 
 `` i do n't want to forget you , '' she whispered , not really meaning for him to hear her . 
 he looked to her . 
 `` i think you need to , for your own good . '' 
 madison swallowed her tears and reached for him , curling up against his chest . 
 crying accomplished nothing . 
 she held tight to him and hoped she could shield him from anymore trouble or hardships . 
 `` i ca n't forget you . 
 i just got you back . '' 
 she matched his breathing as he wrapped his arms around her . 
 he did n't hold her as tightly as he did last time . 
 it was more passive . 
 she knew he was distracted . 
 `` why did you keep the picture if you dislike him so much ? '' 
 his chuckle rumbled in his chest under her ear . 
 `` i won that game . 
 and when i finally get a way out , i was planning to give him the picture back as a reminder that he does n't always win . 
 a bit childish , i know , but still ... '' a strange smile came to her face as he trailed off , retreating back to his thoughts . 
 there was a note of determination in his tone . 
 he was planning to win . 
 she found herself rooting for him . 
 skyler eventually excused himself and went his way to find a pizza for dinner . 
 he left her alone in the dark room . 
 she did n't mind it , though . 
 hugging her knees to her chest , she did her best to stop thinking . 
 it did n't happen . 
 her mind would n't stay idle . 
 there were worries hidden at every turn . 
 her thoughts looped in a vicious circle , winding from her shattered existence to skyler 's bold risks , chase 's unknowing involvement , and the fear that morgan was the monster skyler painted him to be . 
 he could n't be a monster . 
 he was good to them both . 
 he loved her . 
 the person skyler described did n't match anything morgan had done in the time she knew him . 
 did it ? 
 she remembered his temper flared occasionally , such as after the job they took before their last one . 
 `` i said it does n't concern you ! '' 
 morgan 's raised voice surprised her . 
 he sounded upset . 
 heading into the kitchen , madison turned the corner in time to see skyler walk into his room and slam the door . 
 morgan stood beside the table where the night 's earnings was neatly stacked . 
 `` what was that about ? '' 
 his eyes flashed to hers and narrowed . 
 `` it does n't concern you either . '' 
 she wanted to question him more so , but the look on his face made her nervous . 
 so she lowered her gaze and went to skyler 's door . 
 `` you 're wasting your time , '' morgan growled from his place in the kitchen . 
 there was n't an answer to her knocking . 
 she cracked the door open and peeked inside . 
 skyler was standing at the far side of the room . 
 his glare softened when she let herself in and closed the door . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 she was n't convinced . 
 he was sick earlier in the week and she was afraid it was too early for him to take on a job . 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 she walked over and felt his forehead . 
 it was a little warm . 
 `` just tired . '' 
 `` we do n't have to go to the movies tomorrow . 
 i 'll bring one home instead . '' 
 `` no , '' he backed up to the bed and sat on the edge . 
 `` i think i need to get out for a while . 
 i 've been stuck in the house too long . '' 
 she sat beside him and offered a smile . 
 he did n't give much of one in return . 
 `` can i ask what happened ? '' 
 skyler wiped his hands down his face stared at the floor . 
 `` he took more than he was supposed to . '' 
 he paused and looked to madison , `` he took twice as much as we agreed on and tried to hide it . 
 i confronted him about it and he accused me of trying to take it . 
 i do n't want the money , i never have . 
 but my name is linked to this job , not his . 
 my name is on the line , and he did n't care . '' 
 she nodded and let out a sigh . 
 `` i know . 
 i saw him do it . 
 he asked me to open the second safe and i did n't question it . 
 i knew it was more than we agreed on , but i did n't stop him . 
 i do n't blame you for being irritated . 
 you have every right to be . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 he puffed out an unamused laugh . 
 `` you 're not the one who should be apologizing . '' 
 `` i 'll talk to him , '' she said in hopes to comfort him . 
 `` i 'll see if there is something we can do to fix this . '' 
 he only shook his head weakly in response . 
 madison felt his forehead again , `` are you sure you 're feeling ok ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 `` can i get you anything ? '' 
 he shook his head again and gestured towards the bathroom , `` i 'm just going to take a shower and go to bed . '' 
 `` ok , '' she stood and gave him some space . 
 `` i 'll see you in the morning . 
 maybe we can go try that new coffee house for breakfast . '' 
 skyler looked to her and gave a nod , `` see you in the morning . '' 
 stepping out of his room , she eased the door closed and turned away , running right into morgan . 
 she did n't expect him to be standing there . 
 it startled her . 
 she did n't pull away when he took hold of her and wondered how long he had been waiting outside the door . 
 `` i told you it would be a waste of your time . 
 you need to quit babying him . '' 
 `` he 's still not feeling well , '' she said as he released her . 
 he followed her as she headed for the kitchen . 
 she knew he was still in a sour mood . 
 `` why did you have me open the second safe ? '' 
 `` it 's not like i forced you , '' he quickly countered . 
 `` why are you two judging me ? '' 
 `` we 're not judging you . 
 it was just more than we agreed on , and that is n't right . '' 
 she could feel his eyes on her as she moved about the kitchen and poured a glass of milk . 
 `` you are constantly reminding me that what we are doing is considered wrong . 
 what is the difference if i took a little more ? 
 and who are you to decide what is acceptable or not ? '' 
 she walked over and stood beside him , keeping her voice in a near whisper so she would n't be mistaken as arguing . 
 `` you know that 's not what i 'm saying . 
 you also know that skyler likes to know all the details for a job so he is better prepared to handle any complications along the way , that his name is connected to each job and so his reputation is at risk . '' 
 `` he is my employee and he should n't concern himself with my affairs . 
 he needs to stick with the duties i give him , nothing more . '' 
 morgan looked to the closed door down the hall and shook his head , `` he did n't complain when i got him out of that ratty apartment or that run down car . '' 
 madison put her arms around his waist and pulled herself to him . 
 `` we are not in this for the fancy house or new cars . 
 we are only doing this to help you . 
 you said you wanted to get out of this work . 
 that 's why we are here , to help you reach that goal . '' 
 he calmed and returned her embrace , holding her snug in his arms . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i should n't have gotten upset with you . 
 thank you for reminding me . 
 another reason why i love you , you keep me in line . '' 
 he kissed her and wound a spiral of her hair around his finger . 
 `` i hope you 'll forgive me , but i need to get going . 
 there are still a few more things to finalize before we can call this job completed . 
 i 'll be at the office late tonight , so do n't wait up for me . '' 
 morgan released her and went his way , leaving her in the kitchen . 
 she glanced around at the dark living area and hallways , instantly feeling lonely . 
 she usually did n't mind the quiet , but it was different this time . 
 twirling the ring on her finger , she decided to blame it on the long day . 
 everything would be back to normal in the morning . 
 madison played the scene over and over in her head . 
 could that night have been a glimpse at what her fiancé truly was ? 
 she had trouble believing it . 
 everyone has a bad day at times . 
 no one 's perfect . 
 but what if that was the real him ? 
 what if he did n't want to change what he did for a living ? 
 was she and skyler just an easy way to get to the next level of a bigger plan ? 
 the ring hanging from the delicate gold chain suddenly seemed to weigh as much as a train . 
 she found the clasp and thought to take off the haunted piece . 
 but , instead , her fingers trailed down to the ring and wrapped around it . 
 chapter sixteen chase 's games there was rarely a dull moment in the apartment as madison 's stay stretched on . 
 skyler 's schedule had no rhyme or reason to it , and his hours changed randomly each day and night . 
 chase was an active fellow with an equally unguided routine . 
 for a person without a job , he was seldom idle for any amount of time . 
 the two kept her on her toes . 
 there were occasions , though , when they were all three able to sit down and actually visit . 
 chase was always up to entertaining with a story or experience of his which would undoubtedly lead right into another . 
 skyler would egg him on , the look on his face told that he had heard certain stories before , and he was encouraging them for madison 's sake . 
 all in all , she never knew what to expect from either of them especially when they worked off one another . 
 she and skyler took advantage of the quieter times to catch up on each other 's lives since their parting . 
 madison related mostly of her making a home in chicago while she worked days in convenience stores and diners to get through night school . 
 she told him of the people in her neighborhood that warmed up to her as soon as she met them and of coworkers that shared their own families with her . 
 skyler 's recounted history was n't as encouraging . 
 he told of the few times he tried to get out on his own only to change the subject when he got to the part of what happened when he was discovered each time . 
 he mentioned the few cities he was able to visit during different jobs . 
 it sounded as if he was rather fond of new york city and new orleans . 
 there was also boston and dallas among others . 
 he had become quite the traveler . 
 what she savored the most was when they reminisced about old times ; such as when she and skyler would sneak into movies , or hang out all day on the beach , or drive around in the city . 
 she liked to revisit the times when it was just the two of them back before the world went mad . 
 those quiet times to chat were few and far between . 
 with skyler constantly getting called in and chase hammering away at his project , madison was often on her own when it came to passing the time . 
 but she always found something to do . 
 the laundry was unceasing . 
 there was generally limitless possibilities in the kitchen . 
 and when she wanted to be still , a well-stocked bookshelf in skyler 's room afforded plenty of options . 
 she had forgotten how much she loved to read . 
 a whole day could tick by when she would lose herself in a distant world or mysterious land . 
 that was why she aimed to tackle any chores at the start of the day . 
 they did n't take long , but she knew she would accomplish more that way . 
 on one certain morning , she got a later start than usual . 
 it took her on into the afternoon to find a stopping point . 
 she was planning on starting a new book , and the only thing that was keeping her from it was one basket of laundry to be put away . 
 madison straightened the last of the shirts she had hung in chase 's closet . 
 `` and there you are , good sir , '' she smiled and snatched up the empty basket . 
 `` my work here is done . '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 he slowly looked away from his computer screen and the consuming project . 
 chase had acknowledged her when she first walked into his room but said nothing since . 
 he was completely unaware of her presence . 
 she shook her head and fought back a chuckle . 
 `` do n't mind me , '' she said as she moved for the door . 
 `` your closet is restocked , and i have a book waiting to be read . 
 i 'll be in the other room . 
 if you need anything , just yell . '' 
 there was n't an answer from him as he swiveled back to his work station . 
 she peeked over his shoulder and scanned the screen . 
 he was tidying up a full page sketch and sampling shading effects . 
 his project was coming together nicely . 
 she returned the basket to the closet which hid the stacked washer and dryer , then went to skyler 's room . 
 the book was easily plucked from the shelf just inside the door . 
 she sat at his desk and pulled her feet into the chair to cozy up with the hardback novel . 
 the story effortlessly claimed her attention and ran with her imagination within the first few pages . 
 she paid little attention to chase 's phone ringing in the front room as she immersed herself in the book . 
 she could almost see the golden fields and hear the rumble of the horses ' hooves as their riders spurred them onward after the fleeing band of cattle thieves . 
 the sound of hurried steps coming towards her stole madison 's attention away from her reading . 
 chase came charging into the room with a terrified look on his face . 
 `` i need your help ! 
 you 've got to help me ! 
 i do n't know what to do ... '' `` whoa ! 
 chase , slow down , '' she broke in as he drew another breath . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 he gasped and wrung his hands , `` it 's tabatha ! 
 she 's here ! 
 she 's on her way up ! 
 she said she was just dropping by , but she dumped me awhile back and i have n't heard from her since . 
 why would she just drop by ? '' 
 `` maybe she decided she made a mistake by breaking up with you and she wants to get back together . '' 
 `` no . 
 not likely . 
 she 's probably already with some rich dude by now . 
 that 's what she was after . '' 
 chase shook his head and calmed just a fraction . 
 instead of appearing as panicked , he was now scheming . 
 `` she wants me to beg her to take me back ! 
 she thinks i 'm a loser , and i ca n't live without her . 
 that 's why she left me in the first place . 
 she said i needed to get a life . '' 
 madison swallowed a chuckle . 
 he was being ridiculous . 
 she wondered if anyone actually acted this way , like feuding couples in the movies or on tv shows . 
 he had to have been overreacting . 
 `` pretend you 're my girlfriend , '' he ordered . 
 he was dead serious . 
 when she did n't respond , he waved his arms wildly as if he were trying to fly . 
 `` you have to do this ! 
 i need you to do this ! 
 just this once . 
 she 'll either get super jealous or bored . 
 both ways , i win ! '' 
 `` i do n't know , chase . 
 this sounds crazy to me . '' 
 `` do n't lecture me on crazy , lady . 
 i gave up on trying to figuring your story out long ago ! '' 
 that did it . 
 she could n't keep her amusement contained any longer . 
 she burst out laughing , trying in vain to block it with her hands . 
 `` all right , all right , '' she conceded as she caught her breath . 
 she held to her side for a moment , her laughter stirring the dormant ache within . 
 `` i 'll do it . 
 just tell me what i need to do . '' 
 he stared at her as if she were the loony one . 
 `` what do you mean ` what you need to do ' ? 
 act like my girlfriend ! 
 please tell me you know how to do that . '' 
 `` hey , i think i would make a nice girlfriend . 
 but this tabatha does n't sound so nice . 
 we 're from two different categories . '' 
 `` then act like a not so nice girl that 's my girlfriend ! '' 
 she put her hands up in surrender , `` fine , i 've got it . '' 
 chase stood there waiting . 
 he looked as if he were expecting something more . 
 `` fine , '' he concluded . 
 `` i appreciate it . '' 
 madison gestured for the door . 
 he did n't follow her meaning . 
 `` could i have a few moments of privacy ? '' 
 `` what for ? '' 
 `` so i can dress the part . '' 
 he did n't budge . 
 a sly smirk came to his face , `` but i 'm your boyfriend . '' 
 she rose to her feet , and he flinched out of the room . 
 the sound of his chuckling followed him across the front of the apartment . 
 madison closed the door and took advantage of the privacy to change into what she thought a ` not so nice girlfriend ' would wear . 
 it did n't take long at all . 
 she shed the slacks and sweater and traded them for a t-shirt that just reached her thighs . 
 she tugged at the sleeve so that the wide collaring bared one shoulder . 
 the clips were pulled from her hair letting the curls fall to their full length . 
 she jabbed her fingers into the tangled mass of spirals and messed them up even more . 
 a devious smile came to her lips when she looked in the mirror . 
 she could pull this off , no problem . 
 she could feign licentiousness . 
 the look on chase 's face was priceless . 
 he was honestly slack jawed when she strode from the bedroom . 
 she struck a pose as she neared him then nearly blushed for feeling so foolish . 
 but chase did blush . 
 and after several awkward moments of silence , they both laughed . 
 `` so ... , '' madison stalled , `` what now ? '' 
 `` err , um , yeah . 
 i 'll answer the door , and you just stay over there somewhere , '' he motioned at the kitchen . 
 `` when i give you the signal , do your thing . '' 
 she fought back another chuckle , `` what thing ? 
 chase , i 'm not sure this is going to accomplish anything . 
 signal ? '' 
 `` i wo n't ask her in , so she wo n't see you over there . 
 when i start playing with the locks like so , '' he flipped the lock knobs , the clatter sounding out clear , `` then you come strut your stuff in her face . '' 
 `` my stuff , '' she muttered to herself and sauntered towards the kitchen . 
 she paused halfway and turned to him , finding him checking her out . 
 he blushed again . 
 `` stuff , '' she posed . 
 chase nodded , looking away as if something else had caught his interest . 
 the long awaited knock finally came . 
 madison held her place in the kitchen and watched the games begin . 
 the undeniably anxious man straightened his hair , adjusted his collar , and checked his breath , then put on a nonchalant grin and eased the door open . 
 `` well , hi there , '' he began . 
 madison shook her head and hoped he could do better than that . 
 `` how have you been , tabatha ? '' 
 the voice from the other side of the door was difficult for her to hear from across the apartment . 
 she thought to edge closer but decided to stay put . 
 she would find out soon enough . 
 `` who , me ? '' 
 he laughed out , `` i 've been busy . 
 a little of this , a little of that . 
 you know how it is . '' 
 his head bobbed as he let the woman in the hall take another turn . 
 he seemed to be calming as the visit went on . 
 he began to appear more natural . 
 the two chatted for a good while . 
 chase had n't given the signal . 
 madison began to wonder if he had changed his mind . 
 maybe this tabatha was n't as bad as he had made her out to be . 
 rattling caught her attention . 
 there was the signal . 
 she stifled a laugh and paced towards the door . 
 her mind raced . 
 what in the world was she supposed to do ? 
 she already regretted agreeing to the ploy , and she was sure she was going to regret even more before it was finished . 
 `` hey , babe , '' she called out as giddily as she could muster . 
 `` what are you doing ? 
 what about our game ? '' 
 without looking to the tall , slender blonde in the hall , madison walked up behind chase and snaked her arms around his waist . 
 she gave him a playful squeeze and giggled in his ear . 
 `` it 's your turn . 
 i 'm waiting . '' 
 `` my turn ? '' 
 he said , his expression both questioning and surprised . 
 `` silly goose , you 've already forgotten your hand ? 
 i 'm terrible at this strip poker , and i 'm beginning to think you made it up . '' 
 `` yes , '' he finally nodded . 
 `` strip poker . 
 you 're getting better . 
 a few more hands and you 'll have it down . 
 i promise . '' 
 she gave him another squeeze and glanced to tabatha . 
 `` oh , i 'm sorry . 
 are you two busy ? 
 do n't mind me . '' 
 she stepped around chase and hugged him from the side . 
 `` why do n't you invite your friend to play ? '' 
 `` oh , no , i 'm sure she is much too busy to play . 
 another time . '' 
 chase smiled at tabatha and gained an uncomfortable smile from her in return . 
 `` it was nice to meet you , '' she reached for tabatha 's hand . 
 `` what was your name ? '' 
 `` i 'm tabatha , '' she answered with a forced kindness . 
 `` so you 're strawberry , '' madison smiled and leaned her head on chase 's shoulder . 
 `` i 'm madi . 
 see you later . '' 
 `` sure , later , '' the blonde returned . 
 she gave a curtsy while tugging at the t-shirt and spun around to chase , `` i 'll be waiting . '' 
 there was n't a response from him as she went back to the kitchen . 
 the two did n't talk much longer after that . 
 feeling absolutely ashamed of herself , madison pulled a yogurt from the fridge and pointlessly stirred it until chase finished and closed the door . 
 he turned to her with a blank gaze and stood silent for a few breaths . 
 she kept her attention on the waiting yogurt while repeatedly checking the length of her shirt . 
 `` you were brilliant ! '' 
 he finally crowed . 
 madison looked to him with a near scowl . 
 `` that was embarrassing . '' 
 `` you 're just being shy . '' 
 there was no point in arguing . 
 she figured she would never understand . 
 taking her treat , she headed for the bedroom to put more clothes on . 
 `` what about the poker game ? '' 
 he called after her . 
 `` it timed out . '' 
 he was at her door and trying to talk to her through it before she finished dressing . 
 `` it worked , in case you were wondering . '' 
 `` how so ? '' 
 `` she wants to have dinner with me ! '' 
 there was a pause , he was waiting for her reply . 
 `` did you hear me ? 
 she wants to have dinner with me ! 
 you were awesome ! '' 
 she pulled the door open once she was decent . 
 `` that 's crazy . 
 i do n't get it . '' 
 chase smiled and folded his arms across his chest . 
 `` she wants what she ca n't have , and she thought i was already taken . '' 
 `` so how does going to dinner with her mean this worked ? 
 that means she has you . 
 wo n't she do the same thing all over again ? '' 
 `` gosh , i hope not . '' 
 his smile faded . 
 `` do you think she will ? '' 
 `` chase , you can do so much better than that . 
 if tabatha is what you are truly looking for in a girlfriend , then you 'll be fine . 
 but i think you can find someone who will treat you with more respect and not force you into these childish games in order to keep her around . '' 
 he thought on it for a little while . 
 his smile returned , and it was heartened . 
 `` thank you and not just for posing as my girlfriend . 
 you 're handy to have around . 
 you know that ? '' 
 chapter seventeen rain cloud the mood continued to be light on into the evening . 
 when skyler came home , bringing dinner with him , he was greeted by the ever so cheerful chase . 
 he did n't inquire of his roommate 's glowing mood . 
 madison watched them interact with amusement . 
 chase was just begging for skyler to ask of his day and his glee , and skyler did very well in going on as if he did n't even notice . 
 she knew he did . 
 between chase 's random humming and newly developed insistence to help set the table , it was hard to miss . 
 skyler had n't missed . 
 he gave a mocking smirk each time he turned away from him . 
 madison wondered how long it was going to take him to boil over with skyler not taking the bait . 
 it was plain to see that chase could n't stand keeping it to himself any longer . 
 they were not far into the meal when he finally announced his good day . 
 `` i have a date ! '' 
 he declared at the first opening . 
 he shifted his gaze between the two and awaited their replies . 
 madison helped him along when skyler was slow to join in . 
 `` when is this date ? 
 i forgot to ask earlier . '' 
 `` thursday , '' he said with a confident smile . 
 `` we 're going to go spend the evening in uptown . 
 dinner and a movie . '' 
 skyler still was n't catching on so madison nudged him under the table . 
 `` good to hear , '' he blurted out with a sideways look at her . 
 `` who are you going with ? '' 
 `` tabatha . '' 
 chase 's tone sounded as if he wanted to sing her name . 
 he was smitten . 
 `` strawberry , '' madison added with a snicker . 
 her teasing did n't dampen his happiness . 
 skyler kept up without any needed assistance . 
 `` so you two are back together ? '' 
 chase was slower to answer that time . 
 `` kind of . 
 maybe . 
 i think it 's just for old times ' sake . '' 
 `` you two will have a good time , '' madison encouraged him as he seemed to wane . 
 `` why do n't we do a double date ? '' 
 chase perked up . 
 `` madison has been stuck in this apartment day in and day out . 
 she needs some fresh air . 
 why do n't you two come with us ? 
 now that will be fun . '' 
 skyler was rejecting the suggestion before chase was finished . 
 `` no , no double dates . 
 madison is staying out of sight for a reason , you know that . 
 that would be asking for trouble . '' 
 `` but thank you , '' she added , hoping to soften skyler 's frank denial . 
 `` you 're being paranoid , '' chase sighed . 
 `` it 's just one evening out . 
 who would notice ? 
 besides , they got along so well . '' 
 that was the wrong thing to say . 
 madison cringed . 
 skyler instantly questioned his meaning , `` who got along ? '' 
 `` tabatha and ... '' `` she hardly noticed me . '' 
 madison tried to prevent chase from digging himself into any more of a hole . 
 `` do n't worry about it . '' 
 skyler peered at her , just shy of a glare . 
 `` you met her ? '' 
 `` of coarse she did . 
 she was great . '' 
 chase was n't noticing the dangerously cold look he was getting from his roommate . 
 madison shook her head when skyler turned his fretful gaze back to her . 
 she hoped he would let it go and not press the subject . 
 it was only a hope . 
 `` why would you do that ? 
 i know you have n't forgotten why you 're here and what got you here in the first place . '' 
 he was n't going to let it go . 
 `` skyler , there is n't a problem . 
 i assure you , she was n't looking at my face . 
 she would n't even recognize me if she walked in right now . '' 
 `` you would bet your life on that ? '' 
 `` i said there is n't a problem . '' 
 she matched his stare . 
 he was right , it was a reckless thing to do looking back . 
 her photo was still being posted in several papers . 
 she figured a girl like tabatha read more magazines than she did papers . 
 thus , she would n't put it together . 
 `` oh , '' chase caught on , `` i did n't think anything of it . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 but i bet she 's right , tabatha would n't know her from the doorman . '' 
 skyler 's darkening glare was no longer on them . 
 he had tuned back to his dinner and was mercilessly jabbing at it with his fork . 
 madison knew his silence . 
 he was brooding . 
 she did n't try to defuse him . 
 it would be fruitless at this point . 
 `` not a problem , '' he nodded sarcastically . 
 `` no need to worry . '' 
 he was n't agreeing with them . 
 chase did his best to help . 
 `` no worries , no problem . '' 
 `` madison , do you know why you 're sitting here with a bullet in you ? '' 
 she did n't even attempt to follow him . 
 he was being impossible . 
 `` because they think you 're dead . 
 if these people knew you were alive , they 'd put another in you , if not two more for the trouble . '' 
 she looked away as he narrowed his eyes at her . 
 `` yes , thank you for that reminder . '' 
 chase fidgeted with his fork and knife . 
 madison hoped he would n't try to smooth things over again . 
 it would n't help . 
 no one said another word for a few nerve-racking moments . 
 everyone was still and kept to themselves . 
 the atmosphere in the room was precariously charged . 
 she took a faltering glance at skyler and found him staring at her . 
 the quivering muscles in his jaws told of him clinching his teeth . 
 she lowered her eyes . 
 the sound of skyler 's fork and knife hitting his plate rang out in the silence . 
 madison refrained from looking to him as he shoved his chair back and strode across the room . 
 she heard him swipe his coat from the coatrack and pull the door open . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 chase called after him . 
 skyler 's voice was low , but his answer carried across the apartment . 
 `` out . '' 
 the door did n't slam . 
 it closed with a gentle click . 
 madison had shut her eyes and held her breath waiting for the door to crash against its frame . 
 his tempered exit did n't calm her any . 
 she thought to run after him , but she held her place . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , madison . 
 this is my fault . 
 i was n't thinking . '' 
 `` you 're fine , '' she quietly assured chase . 
 `` do n't worry about it . 
 he 's just under a lot of pressure right now . '' 
 `` are you really in that much trouble ? '' 
 she shook her head , `` i do n't know . 
 he sure seems to think so , though . '' 
 `` i hope he 's wrong . '' 
 he had returned to his dinner . 
 the tone of his voice hinted that he was still unsettled . 
 madison nodded in agreement . 
 she too hoped skyler was overreacting . 
 still , she had a feeling that he was right . 
 she was in deep , and he was right there with her even if he would n't admit it . 
 chapter eighteen late hour after clearing the table and tending to the dishes , madison sat in one of the two chairs looking out over the glowing chicago skyline . 
 her usual habit did n't soothe her this time . 
 her mind raced with desperate plans to escape this maddening situation . 
 she did n't want skyler to take the fall for her . 
 as afraid as she was for her own safety , his was an even greater concern for her . 
 but she knew as long as she let him help her , he was putting himself in unnecessary danger . 
 a solution seemed unfeasible . 
 where would she go ? 
 how would she get there ? 
 what would she do ? 
 the smell of the brewing coffee reached past her thoughts and captured her attention . 
 she did n't actually want any , but it sounded good when she was cleaning up after the frustrating dinner . 
 the aroma warmed the apartment and reminded her of the day she bumped into skyler in the shopping plaza . 
 she recalled the feeling that drove her deeper into the plaza , the feeling that she was being watched . 
 how long had he been following her ? 
 where would they be now if she had n't discovered him ? 
 was he truly helping her , or was he just planning to use her ? 
 was he as innocent as he appeared to be ? 
 she shook the thought from her head and was ashamed of even pondering skyler 's involvement . 
 he was clearly vexed over the entire predicament . 
 he could have left her in the hall where he had found her . 
 he could have delivered her to morgan to finish her off . 
 he did n't . 
 though she did n't understand the majority of his actions or the way he was handling the situation , she felt secure with him . 
 he was looking out for her . 
 she trusted him . 
 `` you wan na watch a movie ? '' 
 chase 's presence startled her . 
 she had n't heard him approach . 
 `` yeah , sure , '' she mindlessly agreed . 
 `` what are we watching ? '' 
 `` do n't know , '' he shrugged . 
 `` i was going to run down to the lobby and check what they have in for tonight . 
 is there anything you 're wanting to see ? '' 
 he looked tired . 
 he must have been stuck with his project again . 
 `` surprise me . '' 
 he later returned with an older movie she had seen before . 
 it was a good movie , so she did n't mind the repeat . 
 comedies rarely lost their entertainment value . 
 madison and chase shared the couch and a bowl of popcorn as they watched the movie . 
 it was getting late when the credits rolled themselves out . 
 chase then played the take outs and gag reel and eventually ran out of features to watch . 
 `` well , '' he stalled as they stared at the black tv screen , `` i guess i 'm going to surrender for the night . '' 
 `` i 'll get all this , '' madison waved at the empty bowl and glasses . 
 `` goodnight , and thanks for the movie . '' 
 `` you 're going to wait up for him , are n't you ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 that was her plan . 
 skyler had n't returned yet . 
 she did n't want to end the day on a bad note with him . 
 `` you know , i 've only seen skyler get mad twice in the time that i 've known him . 
 tonight was the second . 
 the first time was when he brought you home . 
 yes , he was mostly worried , that was plain to see . 
 but when he was patching you up , his phone rang . 
 he has always been chained to that thing . 
 this time , he chucked it across the room and started grumbling about something i could n't understand . 
 then , when he was finished doing what he could , it got worse . 
 the way he handled you , or spoke to you , and even how he looked at you was gentle and kind . 
 but as soon as he stepped out of the room , he went off like he was going to tear someone apart . 
 i 've never seen that kind of rage before . 
 it made me nervous . 
 that 's why i wanted to call the police . 
 he calmed right down and promised the police would only complicate things , that they could n't protect you . 
 he somewhat returned to normal although the grumbling and growling continued . 
 `` i guess my point is that even though i may not know what it is you two are into , i do know he is taking your safety very personal . 
 and another thing , he 's different around you . 
 a good different . 
 he seems human . '' 
 madison returned the smile he gave in conclusion . 
 `` he has always been like that with me . '' 
 he turned to her and narrowed his blue eyes . 
 `` would you mind if i asked how long this has been going on ? 
 i asked him awhile ago , but he never answered . 
 it 's just that you two seem to go way back . 
 has it always been this way ? '' 
 she pulled the disc from the player and snapped it into its box . 
 `` i do n't mind , '' she assured him as she collected the few dishes and thought for a moment . 
 he was n't asking much at all . 
 she could n't think of why skyler would be reluctant to talk about it . 
 there were no secrets there . 
 `` we 've been friends for as long as i can remember , but it has n't always been like this , '' she continued as she carried the dishes into the kitchen and sorted them into the washer . 
 `` we 've had ups and downs . 
 nothing out of the ordinary though . 
 i think the trouble started after i was engaged . '' 
 chase shook his head , `` so what happened ? 
 he said it 's been years since he 's seen you . '' 
 `` i did n't know my fiancé as well as i thought i did , '' she frowned and moved back into the living room . 
 `` he was n't in the most honest line of work and we got into trouble . 
 i panicked and left town . 
 i had no idea what to do and did n't want skyler to get mixed up in it even more than what had already happened . '' 
 madison shrugged and sat beside him on the couch . 
 `` i figured the trouble would follow me and leave him alone . '' 
 she kept herself from saying any more as she thought of all the times skyler had been her refuge . 
 her plan to shield him had failed . 
 `` is that what 's going on ? 
 the trouble followed you ? '' 
 she gave a small nod . 
 `` in a way . '' 
 he drew a deep breath and leaned forward . 
 she held still and hoped he would n't inquire further about their predicament . 
 he did n't . 
 `` well , '' chase slowly got to his feet , `` i hope everything works out for you two . 
 i have a feeling that it will . 
 you both seem to be honest people . 
 that will work to your advantage . 
 good always triumphs . '' 
 madison flashed a nervous smile at his telling . 
 she wanted him to be right , that she and skyler were the good guys . 
 they had both made bad calls in the past , and she knew they would pay for them one day . 
 she watched as he shuffled off to his dark room . 
 `` goodnight . '' 
 `` g'night , '' he said before closing his door . 
 the tv had little to offer for the late hour . 
 the evening news had already ended , and the night owl shows never held her attention . 
 she was n't ready to sleep . 
 still , she flipped through all the channels , twice , not actually watching any of it . 
 her mind pondered over all that chase had said , and she wished skyler would come home . 
 inactivity and drowsiness ganged up on her , and she eventually began to doze . 
 madison nodded off a few times before settling into the couch and cuddling up with a blanket . 
 she soon gave into the slumber that threatened to take her . 
 the apartment was completely dark when a sense of movement caught her attention . 
 she was slow to fully wake . 
 a blanket had been pulled to her shoulders , and the place she held was warm and comfortable . 
 it was the sound of the bedroom door latching that finally reminded her of her resolve . 
 all the blinds had been drawn , blocking out the nightlight of the city . 
 madison fumbled her way to skyler 's room . 
 he could n't escape her that easily . 
 the room was dreadfully dark . 
 she peered about the inky surroundings as her eyes adjusted to the darkness . 
 skyler was flopped on his bed , face down , still wearing his coat and shoes . 
 he did n't acknowledge her coming in any way . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 she whispered as she crept to the side of the bed . 
 he stirred slightly , shifting to look at her as she knelt beside him . 
 `` uh-huh . '' 
 `` where did you go ? '' 
 she questioned , hoping he would be a little more talkative . 
 he mumbled into the pillow , `` i just drove around . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry about earlier . 
 i did n't mean to upset you . 
 we were only having fun . 
 i guess i got a little too comfortable . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 he rolled onto his side . 
 `` i 'm not mad at you . 
 it was just a long day . 
 i was n't myself . 
 i should n't have spoken to you like that . '' 
 she smiled at him despite the dark that undoubtedly hid it . 
 `` i 'm sorry you had a long day , '' she pet his arm . 
 `` and in case you 're wondering , i appreciate everything you 've done , are doing for me . 
 if there is anything i can do for you , do n't hesitate to ask . '' 
 skyler sat up and wriggled out of his coat . 
 he then leaned forward with his elbows resting on his knees and held his face in his hands . 
 something was wrong . 
 madison waited . 
 `` i think they 're onto me , '' he said with a heavy sigh . 
 `` morgan , geoff , he is having me followed . 
 he does n't trust me right now . 
 i do n't know how long it 's been like this . 
 i 'm running out of time . '' 
 she stared at him , unknowing of what to say . 
 how could she possibly help him ? 
 she was the reason he was in trouble in the first place . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` i noticed a few days ago that one of the guys had been tailing me . 
 levi . 
 i 'm sure he volunteered for it . 
 we 've never gotten along . 
 it is n't just him . 
 two others followed me home yesterday , and they tailed me all night tonight . 
 i made a few stops to keep them busy , but they stayed throughout . '' 
 `` let me go , '' she said . 
 `` forget whatever this is you have planned and let me get out of here . 
 i do n't want you to get into anymore trouble over this . 
 this is too much . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` that is n't all . 
 morgan is planning to go after lake view again . 
 he has never had a job go unfinished . 
 i 'm still in charge of the assignment , but he is n't approaching it as cautiously as he did last time . 
 he 's sending us with more force . 
 he is n't leaving room for anymore mistakes . '' 
 `` skyler , you ca n't go through with it . 
 those men , they 're good people . 
 they 're innocent ... '' `` i know , '' he interrupted , taking a tired hold of her arms . 
 `` i 'm not going to . 
 i have n't figured out how just yet . 
 but it is n't going to happen . '' 
 she nodded in understanding . 
 `` there is something i am going to ask of you . 
 it 's probably a little more than what is actually needed , but still . 
 leave the blinds closed , stay away from the windows . 
 i do n't think there 's anyone watching the apartment , but i 'd rather be safe than sorry . '' 
 `` ok , '' she agreed , suddenly finding herself wishing she had never spent a moment gazing out from their height . 
 `` promise me you 'll be careful . '' 
 `` of course . 
 i said i would fix this , and i meant it . 
 we 're going to walk away from all this and leave it behind . '' 
 something in the way he spoke gave her great comfort . 
 she could n't tell if it was in his words or his voice , but either way , she believed him . 
 they were going to be just fine . 
 `` now then , '' he guided her to sit on the bed as he stood , `` get some sleep . 
 it 's been a long day for everyone . '' 
 `` stay , '' madison uttered before he reached the door . 
 `` please , just for tonight . '' 
 she was n't afraid to be left alone , she only wanted to be near him . 
 being in his company was calming and she found herself missing him more and more each time he went away . 
 he hesitated , turning partially to her . 
 his face was hidden in the darkness , and she peered at him in hopes of deciphering his expression . 
 he shifted and put one hand on the doorknob . 
 `` goodnight , '' he said quietly . 
 with that , he left her in the silence of the gloomy room closing the door just shy of the latch . 
 chapter nineteen plan b sleep did not come easy for madison that night . 
 she tossed and turned restlessly . 
 nightmares plagued the little sleep she found . 
 it was one steady nightmare , though , picking up where it was interrupted by her waking . 
 she could n't make it stop . 
 at times , it felt so real , and she nearly cried out in her sleep . 
 but each time she awoke choking on the frantic breath . 
 the continuing dream took place in skyler 's apartment . 
 she would hear knocking at the door and step into the main room . 
 skyler was asleep on the couch completely unaware of the obnoxious banging . 
 she knew she should n't answer it , but she moved towards the door , her traitorous feet disobeying her . 
 before she could grasp the doorknob , skyler would bolt in front of her and push her away in the nick of time . 
 the door burst open and morgan appeared with a squad of goons . 
 then without warning , morgan had a gun in his hand and shot skyler as he shielded madison . 
 he crumpled to the ground with her clinging to him all the way . 
 she looked to morgan pleading for him to stop as he took aim on skyler once again . 
 he paused and studied her , and his eyes fell on the ring he had given her dangling from her neck . 
 morgan extended his hand to her , and a loving smile came to his face . 
 skyler 's trembling hand reached for her , his labored breath echoing in her ears . 
 still she chose morgan 's offer , and gently placed her hand within his . 
 she left skyler on the floor and ignored his choking as he called to her . 
 she let morgan pull her to his side , and she wrapped her arms around him , not objecting as he trained his aim on skyler . 
 a shot exploded , and madison clawed herself awake to escape it . 
 she hugged a pillow to her chest and refused to fall back asleep . 
 she wanted to run to skyler to prove to herself that it was only a dream and he was safe , but she felt ashamed for risking waking him simply because she could n't sleep . 
 to settle her nerves , she tried to put her time to use . 
 there had to be a way she could help skyler . 
 an idea came to mind , and she could n't believe she did n't think of it earlier . 
 she had just what he needed . 
 she knew what morgan was after . 
 that was worth waking skyler . 
 he looked peaceful as she came to him , easing down to the floor beside the couch . 
 she touched her hand to his shoulder . 
 his eyes slid open and he stirred . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 he whispered as he shifted to sit up . 
 `` i did n't mean to keep this from you . 
 i only now realized it . 
 i think i have something we can use against morgan . 
 you see , earlier this year , we learned that lake view was considering bankruptcy . 
 we , all the employees of lake view , got together and managed to trim the company 's expenses . 
 several retired early , others went to reduced hours , and some even resigned who had other jobs lined up . 
 i took on more responsibilities without a pay increase . 
 i even double shifts without reporting the overtime as a few others did . 
 it was enough to prevent the bankruptcy . 
 `` i was later assigned the security detail of a certain item that was entrusted to the company . 
 in preparation for the assignment , i did some research on it . 
 it was a diamond valued higher than what we were insured for . 
 if something happened to it while it was in our care , it would be the end of lake view . 
 `` we had all given so much to keep that company from going under . 
 i knew our facility was n't up to the standards needed to safeguard the diamond . 
 i did n't trust our systems , so i took it . 
 when it was brought in , i replaced it with a replica and put the actual diamond in a safer place . 
 `` it has to be what morgan is after . 
 you said your company ends struggling businesses . 
 lake view has been in financial trouble for some time now . 
 they would have already gone under if it was n't for the employees pulling together and making sacrifices . 
 the owners of lake view must have hired morgan to force the closure . 
 it makes sense . 
 there is no other logical reason why the company would have taken on such a valuable item and left it so unprotected . '' 
 skyler rubbed his eyes and thought on her words . 
 `` are you certain you know that 's what he is after ? '' 
 `` you were heading for the eighth hall , last safe in the hall , right ? '' 
 he looked to her with a growing smile , `` eighth hall , back wall . '' 
 `` well , it is n't there . '' 
 she sat beside him on the couch . 
 `` there is something in there , but not what he thinks . '' 
 `` you have it ? '' 
 madison shook her head , `` i had it . '' 
 `` is it in your apartment ? '' 
 she was having trouble telling if he was excited about this development or if she had just complicated things . 
 `` it was in my apartment , but it is n't there anymore . '' 
 she waited as he let out a sigh and rocked forward , resting his head in his hands . 
 `` you gave it to my neighbor . '' 
 he looked to her with a raised brow . 
 `` it is on victor 's collar . 
 who 's going to steal a cat ? '' 
 he chuckled and ran his hands over his short , dark hair . 
 `` you 're crazy , you know that ? '' 
 `` so i 've been told , '' she returned his amused tone . 
 `` is this a good thing ? '' 
 she was still unable to read him . 
 skyler eventually sat back and gazed at her . 
 her stomach tightened as she awaited his verdict . 
 `` it could be . '' 
 he stared straight ahead and she knew he was forming a plan . 
 `` we might be able to make this work to our advantage . 
 one small detail . 
 how do we get the cat back from your neighbor ? '' 
 madison bobbed her head . 
 she had pondered that point as well . 
 she knew she could n't walk up to dafne and ask for the cat back . 
 even if she could , no doubt the woman would already have become attached to the animal . 
 it would be wrong to take him from her . 
 she would n't have to . 
 they did n't need to snatch the cat away . 
 `` we just need the collar . 
 the one he is wearing has my home information in case he ever got away . 
 i 'll have a nice one made with her address instead and you can go check and see how they are doing . 
 if all is well , offer the new collar to make the transition complete . 
 he 's her cat if the collar says so . '' 
 he smiled at her . 
 `` you just might have something here . '' 
 `` good , '' she chirped . 
 she got to her feet as he went back to his thinking . 
 `` all right then , goodnight . '' 
 `` i think so , '' he said blankly . 
 she left him with that , heading back to the bedroom . 
 sleep came easily and untroubled the rest of the night . 
 skyler was gone when madison awoke in the morning . 
 chase was still sound asleep . 
 she put a pot of coffee on and searched for a new cat collar . 
 it did n't take long to come across one that would be perfect . 
 she ordered the collar and a tag to go with it . 
 dafne 's address fit quite well on the small pendant . 
 express ordering would have it delivered by thursday . 
 she was closing the laptop when the front door eased open , and skyler slipped in with breakfast in his arms . 
 `` you 're making coffee ? '' 
 he asked as he made his way to the counter to set the goodies down . 
 she met up with him in the kitchen . 
 `` i 'm guessing you 've brought more . '' 
 `` i did , '' he said as he scooted a white paper bag closer to her . 
 `` i did n't expect you to be up yet . '' 
 `` i had this crazy urge to buy a cat collar this morning . 
 odd , right ? '' 
 he chuckled at her and pulled the coffees from the bag distributing them across the countertop . 
 the second bag had kolaches , and they smelled fresh . 
 with perfect timing , chase shuffled sleepily from his room and into the kitchen . 
 `` i smell coffee . '' 
 he held his arms out like a zombie and went straight for the paper cup nearest to him . 
 `` you smell food , '' skyler offered with a glazed kolache . 
 the bedheaded roommate happily took the out held pastry and nodded , `` coffee and food , you 're the greatest . '' 
 `` so , no hard feelings about last night ? '' 
 chase snorted . 
 `` of course not . 
 are you kidding ? 
 how many times have i stormed out on you ? '' 
 skyler shook his head , looking unsure . 
 `` none . '' 
 `` ah , i 'll have to work on that . '' 
 chase held up his coffee cup at the teasing resolve , gaining his roommate 's easy laughter . 
 it was n't long before skyler 's phone interrupted the lighthearted conversing . 
 he stared impassively at the glowing screen for a few rings before excusing himself and retreating to his room . 
 several minutes passed before he returned , wordlessly reclaiming his steaming coffee . 
 chase finished recounting a meet-and-greet he had with a potential agent . 
 he said that he was n't going to hold his breath for a call back , but the look on his face said otherwise . 
 he was really hoping this one would come through . 
 glancing to skyler , madison thought he seemed distracted once again . 
 `` you 've been called in , have n't you ? '' 
 he gave a tired nod and finished what was left of his coffee . 
 `` what happens if you turn your phone off for a day ? '' 
 chase posed from behind his second kolache . 
 skyler smiled a cocky smile . 
 `` someone has to put food on this table . '' 
 `` when will you back ? '' 
 madison stood with him as he put his coat on . 
 he shook his head once . 
 `` i do n't really know , but i think i 'll be missing dinner . '' 
 `` we 'll manage . '' 
 chase put his arm playfully around madison 's shoulders . 
 `` i 'm sure we can find something to do again . '' 
 `` yeah , about that , '' skyler winced . 
 `` could you try to lie low for awhile and not draw too much attention to yourselves ? '' 
 chase snapped his fingers and hung his head . 
 `` i 'm fresh out of water balloons . 
 sorry , madison , we ca n't have that assault on the lobby today . '' 
 she let herself laugh at him and looked at skyler , finding him fighting to hold a serious face . 
 `` we 'll behave , promise . '' 
 he eyed them both in turn . 
 he must have decided not to try reasoning with them , walking away with a kolache in his hand . 
 `` you two are going to give me ulcers . '' 
 chapter twenty double date thursday morning rolled around and brought a new kind of cheer to the apartment . 
 chase was up early . 
 he had his radio turned up from the very start , and sang his heart out as he spent the better part of the day working on his project . 
 skyler had to work . 
 he left a note for madison that he would bring home dinner and she would have the evening off . 
 chase recruited her to help him pick his evening attire . 
 she never realized how stuffed his closet was . 
 he had more clothes than she ever owned in her entire life . 
 it was quite a feat to finally put an ensemble together for him . 
 a package arrived after lunch . 
 it was the new collar for victor . 
 madison inspected it and admitted to missing the gray cat . 
 he had kept her company in their short time together . 
 she knew he was fine with dafne . 
 still , she wished to cuddle with him once again , and to hear his thunderous purr . 
 as the evening approached , she hopped in the shower . 
 it was her second that day . 
 she had worked around the apartment , and she wanted to be fresh for dinner with skyler . 
 she was strangely excited about having an evening with him , maybe even a little nervous . 
 the second shower was kept short , though . 
 chase was soon pounding on the door insisting she was going to make him late for his date . 
 madison found a stopping point and relinquished the bathroom to him with a teasing offer to do his hair for him . 
 he shooed her out of the room , then paused , asking if she thought he really did need help . 
 chase was finally readied for his big date . 
 he cleaned up really well and transformed into an absolute gentleman . 
 she smiled at the new man before her who could pass as a charmer in her book . 
 he set out early in search for the perfect bouquet of flowers for tabatha imploring madison to not wait up for him . 
 as she went back to get ready for her own quiet evening , something of her reflection in the mirror caught her eye . 
 the diamond ring from morgan was still there , resting below her throat , screaming of her reluctancy to let his memory go . 
 even though so much evidence exposed his love for her to be a complete lie , she stared at it debating its fate in her head . 
 she did n't know why it had taken her so long to accept that there was nothing left to hold onto . 
 that life was long gone , and she honestly did n't want it back . 
 for once in her life , she was now her own person . 
 the gold chain made a small noise as it coiled against the marble topped vanity . 
 the ring made a louder clink as it came to rest beside the chain . 
 their presence was no longer needed . 
 madison was reveling in her freedom when the front door opened . 
 she hurried out to help skyler in . 
 he was carrying a long box and three bulky bags as he maneuvered around the closing door . 
 `` no , no . 
 i 've got it , '' he insisted as she pulled one of the bags from his failing grasp . 
 `` let me help . '' 
 `` no , you 'll spoil the surprise . '' 
 she could n't help but laugh as he flinched to catch the second bag as it slipped from his hand . 
 taking the two bags she refused to return to him , she led the way to the kitchen . 
 `` i promise i wo n't look , i 'm just making sure it does n't spill all over . '' 
 skyler eased the box and the last bag onto the counter . 
 `` good , now go away . 
 i said you have the evening off , that means no kitchen duty . '' 
 `` what am i supposed to do then ? '' 
 `` here , '' he reached into one of the bags and handed her three cases . 
 `` pick a movie for after dinner . 
 it 'll be one less thing to worry over later . '' 
 cases in hand , madison wandered towards the tv and pondered the choices . 
 he had brought three she had n't seen before . 
 one was a comedy , the second was an action movie she had been wanting to see for several months , and the third was a romantic drama . 
 they all looked good . 
 it took her a few moments , but she chose the action movie . 
 she would save the chick flick for tomorrow when he was at work and not make him suffer through it . 
 points to him for picking it up though . 
 as for the comedy , chase would cry if they watched it without him . 
 `` what did you pick ? '' 
 he called out as she put the disc in the player . 
 `` it 's a surprise , '' she taunted . 
 `` you 'll have to wait until after dinner to find out . '' 
 `` oh , sure . 
 you and your suspense , '' he laughed at her . 
 `` or i could come over there and see for myself . '' 
 `` that 's fine . 
 i 'll just nose around in the kitchen and see what the big deal is . '' 
 `` truce ? '' 
 he offered as he folded his coat over a chair at the dining table . 
 she smiled in agreement . 
 `` truce . '' 
 `` did chase get out on time ? '' 
 madison sat on the couch and leaned over the back of it . 
 `` yes . 
 he was so excited . 
 i hope she 's nice to him . '' 
 `` poor guy , '' skyler shook his head . 
 `` he has lousy taste in women . 
 maybe she 'll let him down easy . '' 
 `` or she 'll be wonderful and treat him better , '' she countered , hoping chase 's night is as dreamy as he expected it to be . 
 `` for his sake , i hope you 're right . 
 and it would be nice to have a quiet evening . '' 
 `` the evenings here are always quiet , '' she said , fond of the peacefulness of the recent surroundings . 
 `` i know , but he used to go out more when he was seeing tabatha . 
 now he seems to be here all the time . 
 i do n't mind him . 
 i just would like to have one evening with you to myself . '' 
 he hesitated in what he was doing and looked at her with a warm smile . 
 `` we have n't been able to catch up yet , not really . '' 
 `` we have n't , have we ? '' 
 he shook his head and went back to setting up their dinner . 
 she could n't see much of what he was working with , but whatever it was , it smelled great . 
 with the table set to his liking , skyler took his coat from the back of the chair and strolled over to where madison was waiting in the front room . 
 `` one more thing , '' he said as he hung the coat on the hall tree . 
 he sorted through the pockets until he found what he is looking for and turned to her . 
 there was a small , black box in his hands . 
 `` as a token of my appreciation for your patience throughout this lovely affair ... '' he gave an over-exaggerated bow and held the box out for her . 
 she beamed and gently took it from him . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` you have n't even opened it , '' he snorted , plopping down on the arm of the couch . 
 madison shrugged and opened the box . 
 her smile grew when she peeked inside . 
 it was a silver bracelet with a tiny cat charm attached . 
 `` if you do n't like it , i can take it back . 
 i had no idea of what you like . 
 you hardly ever wear any jewelry . '' 
 `` i love it , '' she assured him , petting at the shining links . 
 he reached and pulled it from the box , gesturing for her arm . 
 skyler fastened it around her wrist and watched her inspect it once again . 
 `` the ladies at the store guaranteed me that you can add charms and swap them out at all kinds of shoppes . 
 so you 're not limited on where you have to take it . 
 i only started with the cat because of victor . 
 i thought you might like it . 
 it is n't a diamond or anything fancy , but ... '' she got up and hugged him , cutting him off as he rambled nervously . 
 `` it 's perfect . 
 thank you . '' 
 `` you 're welcome , '' he shrugged as she released him . 
 `` i planned on getting a necklace , i forgot that you already had ... , '' his eyes went to her neck and he stopped short . 
 `` no , this is just right . 
 you 're sweet . '' 
 she offered another smile when she looked back and found him studying her with a rather sad expression . 
 he lightened again with the next blink , motioning towards the table . 
 like a gentleman , skyler held the chair for madison and waited for her to be situated before taking his own seat across from her . 
 there was far too much food for just the two of them , and it looked absolutely delicious . 
 there was a plate of glazed ribs , a basket of rolls , a smaller plate of grilled vegetables , and two twice baked potatoes . 
 `` i remembered that i still owed you a dinner . 
 i said i 'd let you pick , but then where 's the surprise in that ? '' 
 `` i had a grecian place in mind , '' she said as she looked for the best way to tackle the ribs . 
 `` but i think this is just as good . '' 
 `` i found this place by accident when i first came to chicago . 
 i was supposed to meet the group at a restaurant west of here and got completely turned around . '' 
 madison smiled and leaned in . 
 `` your truck has gps . 
 you do n't use it ? '' 
 `` i 've had that thing for three years now and still have n't messed with half the stuff in it . 
 so , no , i did n't use the gps . 
 i stopped for directions and ended up staying for dinner . 
 the owners drew me a map and sent me on my way with dessert to go . 
 i was n't far from the planned restaurant after all . 
 a few blocks down actually . 
 i got there in time for one game of pool and a few drinks . 
 i forgot the dessert in my truck , so chase took care of that when i got home . 
 i still do n't know what the place is called , but i go there whenever i get an excuse to . '' 
 `` they 're definitely keepers . 
 good call . '' 
 she laughed with him as he tried to not make a mess with all the sauce . 
 it was pointless . 
 they were both working on their second napkins . 
 `` so what about you ? 
 any places you 've stumbled upon with your time here ? '' 
 she thought on it for a moment . 
 there were so many places she kept going back to . 
 `` this summer caleb got a group together to go to a club to support a local band . 
 turns out , one of the guys he hung out with in high school was in the band and had given him a bunch of tickets . 
 they were n't bad at all . 
 i would n't be surprised if they do well for themselves . 
 then , the club was owned by another one of his friends , so the entire night 's tab was on the house . 
 we all had a really good time . 
 i never would have gone to a place like that if it was n't for caleb 's insistence . 
 i 'm glad he invited me . '' 
 the two went on sharing stories and comparing notes of places to go and things to do in the city . 
 the conversation never lulled as the evening wound on and the meal slowly disappeared . 
 madison stared in amazement when she realized they had eaten nearly the entire dinner . 
 `` and to top it off , '' skyler got up from the table and moved into the kitchen , `` the recommended dessert to accompany the meal , compliments of the establishment 's owners . '' 
 he held up a masterpiece of a cheesecake smothered in cherries . 
 madison waved her hands in surrender . 
 `` i ca n't eat another bite . '' 
 `` sure you can . 
 just one . 
 we can save the rest for later . '' 
 he cut a tiny sliver from the pie and handed her a fork . 
 she reluctantly had one bite , instantly wishing she could force herself to eat even more for how amazing it was . 
 `` see , it completes it , '' he said , taking the plate from her and keeping the slice for himself . 
 `` it does , but i 'll have to wait until i have a little more room . 
 i 'm stuffed . '' 
 she patted her tummy and laughed as he finished what was left on the plate . 
 `` it 'll be in the fridge . 
 let me know when you 're ready and i 'll get some for you . '' 
 he stood again and started to collect the dishes . 
 madison took it as a cue to clean up and gathered the glasses . 
 `` whoa , '' he said as he quickly intercepted her reach . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 she gave him a questioning glance . 
 `` helping you clear the table . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` no , ma'am . 
 you have the night off . 
 now go relax , and i 'll get all this . '' 
 he gestured towards the front room and went back to picking up dishes . 
 she stepped back and gave him space as he stacked the plates and silverware , balancing them surprisingly well for as fast as he was placing them . 
 he headed into the kitchen with an armload and guided it carefully onto the counter . 
 one bowl remained on the table . 
 madison looked at skyler and found him concentrating on sorting the dishes into the dishwasher , paying her no attention . 
 with a shrug , she took the bowl and slipped around to the other side of the counter . 
 she came from behind him and reached to set the bowl silently in the sink when he was n't looking . 
 a tiny yelp escaped her at the startle of skyler grabbing her wrist before she could release the dish . 
 `` what part of ` night off ' are you not understanding ? '' 
 he turned to her with an impish grin on his face . 
 she laughed as he dragged her to him and put her over his shoulder . 
 `` i just want to help ! '' 
 `` thanks , but no thanks , '' he returned . 
 with that , he carried her over to the couch and flopped her onto it ignoring her meager protests in between laughs . 
 `` now stay put . 
 i 'll be done before you know it . '' 
 he gave a mischievous smile and straightened his shirt , then went back to the kitchen . 
 madison caught her breath and watched him over the back of the couch . 
 `` are you sure you can handle that all by yourself ? '' 
 she called mockingly to him . 
 `` i have loaded a dishwasher before , '' skyler said with an amused grumble . 
 `` i think i could even wash them all by hand if need be . 
 believe it or not , madison , i can manage my own kitchen . 
 i did it just fine before you barged in here . '' 
 `` no you did n't , '' she quipped . 
 `` you had a maid . 
 cheater . '' 
 `` like i said , i can manage if needed . '' 
 he looked up with a smirk . 
 `` but why bother when you can pay someone else to do it ? '' 
 she laughed with him as he packed the last of the dishes into the overloaded washer . 
 skyler juggled a few of the glasses before putting them in place as his grand finale . 
 he was blatantly showing off . 
 chapter twenty-one promises after putting his shoes by the door and dimming the lights , skyler came to the couch and sat down next to madison . 
 `` and tonight 's selection is ? '' 
 he asked as he half turned to her . 
 another laugh escaped her . 
 he was being a goofball , just like old times . 
 `` hit play , you 'll find out . '' 
 he shook his head and puffed out a sigh . 
 `` gon na make me do all the work tonight , are n't you ? '' 
 `` you 're impossible , '' she chuckled . 
 `` me ? '' 
 he gaped . 
 `` you 're the one who could n't leave a single bowl alone . 
 just one and you ca n't control yourself . '' 
 `` you did that on purpose , did n't you ? '' 
 he smiled his teasing smile . 
 `` i 'll never tell . '' 
 with that , he held up the remote and waggled it , then presented her with it . 
 `` would you do the honors ? '' 
 `` gladly , '' she mused and pressed the play button . 
 skyler set the controller on the end table and stirred a bit until he settled into the couch , letting his head back and closing his eyes . 
 madison peered at him for a moment , then nudged him . 
 `` are you going to sleep ? '' 
 he opened one eye . 
 `` no . 
 maybe . 
 i 'm just resting my eyes . '' 
 `` you 're going to sleep . '' 
 she nudged him again when he went back to the way he was . 
 `` you 're going to miss the movie ! '' 
 he nudged her in return . 
 `` i 've seen it before . '' 
 `` then why did you get it ? '' 
 `` i did n't know if you had . 
 it 's a good one . 
 you 'll like it . '' 
 she shook her head , `` i can watch it later . 
 do n't let me keep you up . 
 go to bed if you 're tired . '' 
 `` you 're on my bed . 
 now shush , or you 're going to miss the movie . '' 
 `` i can sit in the other chair or on the floor . '' 
 she shifted to get up . 
 `` lie down if you 're going to sleep . '' 
 he caught her arm and opened his eyes , `` fine , i 'll watch the movie . 
 stay there . '' 
 she watched him as he settled again . 
 he did n't look like he 'd last long . 
 `` we can watch it another time . '' 
 skyler gave her a sideways look and pointed at the screen . 
 `` i 'm watching a movie , do you mind ? '' 
 `` you have n't changed a bit . '' 
 the whispered words came out without her meaning them to . 
 it was like her thoughts found her voice and took over . 
 he gazed at her for a few breaths , as if he wanted to question her meaning , then smiled . 
 `` neither have you . 
 you still talk through movies . '' 
 madison buttoned her lip and turned to the screen . 
 the movie had already started , but she had n't missed anything , only previews . 
 she snuck a glance at skyler and found him smiling with a soundless chuckle . 
 she nestled against the back of the couch and paid more attention to the movie as it began . 
 it was n't long into the film when she noticed skyler sleeping . 
 she let him be . 
 he looked comfortable . 
 she knew he was tired . 
 it was nice of him to try to watch a movie with her . 
 he meant well . 
 she herself began to nod about midway into the movie . 
 it was n't that it was boring . 
 it actually held her interest very well . 
 she was more tired than she had realized . 
 the big meal and warmth of sitting next to skyler added to the appeal of snoozing . 
 madison leaned her head on his shoulder and assured herself she would stay awake and finish the movie . 
 her eyes began to feel heavy when skyler 's arm came around her . 
 `` you 're going to sleep , '' he muttered , his tone telling that he was smiling . 
 `` i 'm resting my eyes . '' 
 she let him pull her closer , content with his soft hold on her . 
 after a few minutes , madison was doing better at keeping awake . 
 she could n't tell whether or not skyler was sleeping . 
 he was still , and his steady , deep breaths gave her little to go by . 
 his cheek rested atop her head and he had one hand passively on her arm . 
 `` you took your necklace off . '' 
 his whispered voice reached her ears despite the boisterous volume of the movie . 
 she gave a small nod , mindlessly feeling at her bare throat . 
 `` i think it 's time . 
 it was foolish of me to hold onto the empty promises for so long . '' 
 `` they were important to you . 
 that 's why you held onto them . 
 maybe not the ones attached to that particular ring , but promises in general . 
 i 'm sure you made a few to yourself . 
 those are even more important . '' 
 a sigh escaped her at the weight of his words . 
 `` i never wanted any promises . 
 i do n't need them . 
 it 's the people who 've made them that i think i hold onto . 
 but now i do n't know if i ever really knew any of them . '' 
 `` you do n't know what 's real and what is n't . '' 
 he was n't asking . 
 and she did n't think he was actually offering the words to her . 
 he had the same struggles in his own life . 
 she nodded again , `` are you real ? '' 
 she could feel him smile . 
 `` i 'm trying to be . 
 are you ? '' 
 `` pathetically , yes . '' 
 he gave her a light squeeze and stroked her arm . 
 `` listen , i know you 're probably tired of people promising you things , but i ca n't help but offer . 
 when this is all done and we are free of this mess , i honestly do n't know where i 'll go , but you 're welcome to come along . 
 i 'll take care of you . 
 that is if you want to , no obligations . 
 if you decide later that it was n't a good idea , you 're free to go your own way . 
 i 'll understand . '' 
 his offer was more than she hoped for . 
 she wanted to agree without hesitation , but she was all too familiar with the sting of reality . 
 `` i think we need to concentrate on getting out of this mess first . '' 
 he did n't make any kind of response . 
 she shifted to look up at him . 
 he met her gaze and gave a meek nod . 
 she had hurt him . 
 he was offering to share his life with her , and she snubbed him . 
 `` ask me again later . 
 i 'm just a little wary of making plans right now . 
 i have a way of screwing them up even if they 're my own . '' 
 she meant to humor him some , but it did n't work . 
 irritated with herself , madison bit her lip and refrained from saying anymore . 
 she never was any good at finding the right words . 
 instead , she put her arms around him and hugged herself to his chest . 
 skyler took a deep breath at her embrace and stirred . 
 he returned her hug with a less sure one of his own . 
 she glanced up at him again , her chin in his chest , and gave him a questioning look . 
 he shook his head and narrowed his eyes as if he were puzzled . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i 'm not understanding . 
 did you not just say no ? '' 
 `` no , i did n't . '' 
 `` but you did n't say yes ? '' 
 `` no , '' she shook her head , `` i did n't . '' 
 he nodded and matched her gaze . 
 `` did you want to say no ? '' 
 she shook her head and fought back a smile . 
 `` so you 'd rather say yes ? '' 
 sitting up to look him in the eye , she nodded . 
 `` i want to say yes , skyler . 
 yes . 
 but i do n't know what 's happening , i do n't know what 's going to happen ... '' `` but you 'd say yes if you were faced with the decision at the necessary time ? '' 
 what kind of question was that ? 
 she peered at him and worked to decipher his meaning . 
 she nodded ever so slightly as she pondered his questioning . 
 that was all he needed . 
 skyler smiled and returned her nod . 
 `` i can live with that . '' 
 he pulled her back to him and held her tight . 
 `` it 's just that ... you 're growing on me , madison . 
 i 'm not ready to say goodbye again . 
 i know you 'll most likely do better without me , but i 'd miss you . '' 
 `` i have n't planned on saying goodbye . 
 i think you 're kind of stuck with me for the time being . '' 
 he shifted back to look at her , meeting her joshing smile . 
 he matched it for a time then grew serious . 
 skyler had gone completely still . 
 she gave him a moment to come back , but he was deep in whatever thought had taken him . 
 she shifted in his hold as she started to become a little anxious at his lost expression . 
 with the next breath , he softened once again . 
 his kind smile returned , and he leaned his forehead against hers . 
 she waited and watched wondering what his assessing gaze was all about . 
 he closed his eyes , and she mirrored him feeling completely comfortable with his nearness . 
 when his lips brushed hers , she held her place , gently returning the gesture . 
 skyler eased back and looked to her with a one sided smile . 
 `` you 're missing your movie . '' 
 copying his cocky smirk , madison gave a nod and half turned to the tv . 
 `` ah , the movie . '' 
 she then shrugged and turned back to him . 
 `` i can watch it tomorrow , '' she said as she leaned towards him . 
 he took her hint and held her closer . 
 she wrapped her arms around his neck as his lips found hers again . 
 her heart began to race and she felt a little silly for it . 
 he was always the goofy guy she used to hang out with . 
 he was her best friend . 
 she never would have believed it if someone told her she had feelings for him . 
 but , here she was , absolutely pleased , if not delighted to be in his arms . 
 she had fallen for him . 
 with a careful slowness , skyler guided them down to the cushions of the overstuffed sofa and lovingly embraced her . 
 madison did n't at all feel rushed or pressured to take their newfound romance to the next level . 
 he seemed to be as content as she was with holding one another , his lips never leaving hers with a different kind of passion than she expected . 
 he was gentle , considerate , and undemanding . 
 the blaring movie and the flashing of the tv screen faded into the background . 
 it was just the two of them . 
 the world and its unceasing problems left them alone for a short time . 
 that was until chase came bursting onto the scene positively glowing from his night out . 
 chapter twenty-two chat over dessert `` honey , i 'm home , '' he called as he swung the door open , no other warning what so ever of his arrival . 
 `` sweet mother of neptune ! '' 
 he cried when he realized his poor timing . 
 madison buried her face against skyler 's chest both embarrassed of the sudden audience and disappointed to be interrupted . 
 skyler cradled her in a near defensive way , and she thought she felt him chuckling . 
 `` ignore me ! '' 
 chase started for his room , stumbling like a deer caught in the headlights , `` i 'm not here ! '' 
 the sound of his door slamming shut left the two with an awkward silence . 
 skyler shifted back and madison imagined he was blushing . 
 `` well , '' he sighed , `` i think chase is home . '' 
 with her hands hiding her face , she let herself laugh . 
 she felt kind of sorry for him as he tried to smooth over the cumbersome situation . 
 `` is he all right ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i think we scared him . '' 
 he did n't answer right away , and she lowered her hands to peek at him . 
 he gave a warm smile . 
 madison ran her hands up his arms and to his shoulders , her smile still more embarrassed than anything . 
 he leaned in and kissed her one last time . 
 it was a short , tender kiss as if it was something he had done everyday . 
 she released him as he pulled away and got to his feet . 
 he looked to her and offered his hand , helping her to stand as well . 
 `` should we tell him there is cheesecake in the fridge ? '' 
 an assortment of inappropriate jokes and responses about dessert raced through her mind , and she choked back a snicker . 
 madison found her composure and gave his arm a hug . 
 `` if you think he 'd dare to venture out of his room again . '' 
 `` he 'll come out . 
 he 's just jealous that we got more action than he did tonight . '' 
 she gaped at him for the teasing , still refraining from adding a few jabs of her own . 
 he brushed the rogue curls from her face and winked . 
 she waited until he turned for chase 's door before going her way to the kitchen . 
 `` i 'll go get some plates . '' 
 it did n't take much coaxing to bring the discombobulated roommate from the shelter of his room . 
 all three were openly reeling from the intrusion in their own way . 
 skyler still appeared to be laughing to himself as he shied and hung his head . 
 madison got busy cutting the cake and distributing the perfect slices onto the matching plates . 
 she even folded napkins around the forks she had set out . 
 chase wore a cheesy smile as he pulled a stool out at the counter . 
 skyler seemed to be aiming to keep his eyes to himself until he came to the kitchen . 
 he then looked to madison and settled . 
 his kind eyes assured her that all was well . 
 `` so , chase , '' she started in attempts to break the ice , `` how was your evening ? '' 
 he savored a bite of the cheesecake for a moment , slow to look up to her . 
 `` it was nice . 
 i thought it went well , actually . 
 but in comparison to yours ... '' he mused , trailing off in time to take another bite . 
 `` i told you he was jealous , '' skyler lightly offered . 
 he and madison chuckled at chase 's expense . 
 `` hey , i would have taken my time coming home if i knew you two had plans . 
 we need to work on our communication skills here . '' 
 the three laughed easily at his defense . 
 `` you did n't even lock the door ! '' 
 he added as he shook his head . 
 skyler returned his demeanor , `` i figured you 'd be out later . '' 
 chase shook his fork at him . 
 `` laugh it up , romeo . 
 tonight was just getting to know one another again . 
 you 'll be seeing much more of tabatha and me here before too much longer . '' 
 `` it went well , then ? '' 
 madison interjected . 
 `` i 'm glad to hear . 
 i know you were exited . 
 i 'm happy for you . '' 
 the three talked and laughed over their dessert . 
 chase related a few details about his big date , the restaurant , and the theater . 
 they all eventually got past the peculiar atmosphere that hovered for the start of the conversation . 
 when they were done , madison started to collect the dishes . 
 skyler mockingly warned that it was still her evening off . 
 she called his bluff , sliding the small plates one by one into the already packed dishwasher . 
 he stalked towards her holding a fork hostage as he ordered her away from the kitchen . 
 chase watched the two with amusement for a few moments then shook his head . 
 `` i 'll be in my room . 
 i suggest you find one too , '' he voiced as he went his way , leaving them alone once again . 
 the two play-wrestled over the fork for a time . 
 skyler , of course , won and dropped the last piece into the washer and closed the door as he pinned madison under his arm . 
 she did n't fight against him too much . 
 all the excitement had irritated the dormant bullet wound , and she did her best not to frustrate it anymore . 
 she stepped back when he moved to start the dishwasher . 
 he must have caught on to her favoring . 
 when he turned back to her , he looked a little concerned . 
 `` the cat collar came in today , '' she said with the aim to avoid his questioning . 
 skyler nodded and studied her . 
 he never was easily deterred . 
 he pointed at her belly , `` too much activity ? '' 
 `` it is n't bad , '' she answered with a shrug . 
 his shoulders slumped . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 my fault . 
 i got a little carried away . '' 
 madison went to him and put her arms around his waist . 
 `` do n't worry about it . 
 i 'm fine . 
 and thank you for tonight . 
 i had a really good time . '' 
 he returned her embrace enveloping her in his strong arms . 
 he heartened and kissed the top of her head . 
 `` it 's getting late and you still need your rest . 
 i 'll go check on your cat first thing in the morning , but i work tomorrow , too , so i 'll be home late . '' 
 she sighed and looked up at him . 
 `` stay home tomorrow . 
 the collar can wait another day , and you work too much . 
 besides , you owe me a movie . '' 
 with a smile , skyler turned and guided her to the bedroom . 
 `` not much longer , i promise . 
 a few more weeks , maybe a month at most . 
 that 's all . 
 then we 'll be free to set our own schedule . '' 
 they stepped into the dark room . 
 madison went to the bed without bothering to find the light switch . 
 `` could you tell me anything about you 're planning ? 
 i 'd like to help . '' 
 `` you have helped , '' he said as he sat beside her . 
 `` i think i have everything ready . 
 i 'm just waiting for the right time to move . 
 that and i have n't given chase a heads-up . 
 i owe him that much . '' 
 she had n't thought of that side . 
 what would chase do ? 
 where would he go ? 
 the apartment was in skyler 's name . 
 `` how long do you think it would take for him to find a place ? 
 he 's still looking for work . '' 
 `` i 'll leave him the apartment . 
 it 's paid up for the rest of the year . 
 i 've already started the paperwork . 
 still , i ca n't just bolt on the guy . 
 he 's put up with too much for me to leave him hanging . '' 
 `` he 's a good guy , '' she nodded . 
 it was n't everyday that one could find a roommate that would tolerate all the insanity that chase has . 
 `` i 'm still working on the details , '' he sighed . 
 `` we 're almost there . '' 
 madison reached for him and started rubbing his tense shoulders . 
 he had a habit of worrying himself sick . 
 looking at him , she could tell he was well on his way to making a mess of himself . 
 `` do you want me to tuck you in ? '' 
 he glanced at her and lightened at the offer . 
 `` goodnight . '' 
 she hugged his neck as he gave her a cautious hug , careful to avoid pressing against her tender belly . 
 she wanted to tell him she loved him , but she wondered if it would only give him that much more to fret over . 
 was it too early ? 
 she did n't think so , but she did n't want to unsettle him if he was n't ready for it . 
 `` goodnight . '' 
 skyler got to his feet and shuffled towards the door . 
 he closed it part way , then looked back to her . 
 `` i 'll see you tomorrow evening . 
 we 'll finish that movie . '' 
 a wondering smile came to her face as she pondered his meaning . 
 was he really planning on watching the movie , or was that code for something else ? 
 she settled into the blankets and decided however she would be able to spend an evening with him would be just fine . 
 chapter twenty-three the call the morning came easily to madison . 
 chase slept in a little later than usual . 
 she maintained quiet activities so as not to bother him . 
 she noticed in passing that the box with the cat collar was gone . 
 skyler had once again come and gone without her being aware of it . 
 the early shower lasted longer than necessary . 
 she savored the relaxing heat in the multi-headed shower stall . 
 the fragrance of the strawberry shampoo and body wash always mixed well in the steamy atmosphere . 
 it must have been the smell of coffee that finally called chase from his room . 
 it had n't been brewing long when he made his trace-like walk into the kitchen and straight for his coffee mug . 
 madison put a few bagels in the toaster for breakfast for the two of them . 
 `` so , '' chase started right off , `` you and skyler ? 
 i 'd like to say i saw it coming , but you two are hard to read . '' 
 she forced a laugh to keep from blushing . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 he has a lot going right now . 
 it 's a little early to tell . '' 
 he shook his head as he took the carton of cream cheese from her . 
 `` he does n't have anything going . 
 are you kidding ? 
 i do n't know where he works , and i bet you do n't either . 
 that 's because he does n't work . 
 i think he is some kind of noble born rebel type who is running around as a vigilante . 
 he 's only pretending to be swamped with work . '' 
 the sheer creativity of his claim tickled her . 
 madison managed to swallow the urge to laugh . 
 the look on his face told that he had put quite a bit of thought into it . 
 he was being serious . 
 she gave a shrug and nodded as if she was following his meaning . 
 `` that would explain the g-wagon , '' she said with a sincere smile . 
 `` well , maybe . 
 i was aiming more so at the random hours and the strange phone calls . 
 he is too secretive for it to be the average business deal , and he is too relaxed for it to be anything truly dangerous . '' 
 `` is n't vigilante work dangerous ? '' 
 `` it is if you do n't know what you 're doing . 
 my guess is that he trained with serious agents of some sort . 
 he could n't tolerate all the red tape and protocol . 
 thus he went on his own . '' 
 chase bowed his head as he concluded , marking the end of his long debated theory . 
 she watched him as he turned his attention back to his bagel . 
 he had spent too much time working on his own stories for his graphic novel , and it was bleeding into the reality around him . 
 but still , he was n't completely off . 
 skyler could pass as a double agent working both for and against morgan . 
 it was more dangerous than he was letting on . 
 she could see it in his eyes when he would mention his plan to escape morgan . 
 `` do you two have anything going for tonight that i should be aware of ? '' 
 chase bounced his brows . 
 `` only watching a movie . 
 you 're more than welcome to join us . '' 
 he leaned back and studied her . 
 `` do we need to establish a signal you can give me in case things are going well ? 
 i can find somewhere to go if you need some alone time . '' 
 she gave him a warning glare . 
 her cheeks warmed as she blushed before she could look away . 
 `` it is n't like that . 
 you 're safe . '' 
 much to her relief , the breakfast chatter turned to other subjects . 
 she hoped to avoid thinking about what was developing between her and skyler until a later time . 
 he made it clear that he had much to consider at the time , and she did n't want to complicate his situation . 
 chase eventually headed back to his room to concentrate on his project . 
 he had mentioned that he was on a roll , and he seemed to be distracted in a good way . 
 he just might be onto something . 
 madison picked up her routine cleaning around the apartment . 
 the kitchen took most of her time with the well stuffed dishwasher . 
 she was able to stay busy for the most part of the day . 
 a few breaks to read the headlines on the computer and to check some orders kept her from being too bored . 
 after lunch , she could n't help overhearing chase take a call that had him sounding worried . 
 he did n't make many replies to whoever was on the line , but when he did , there was a certain anxiousness in his tone . 
 `` i understand , '' he repeated again and again . 
 she held her place in the kitchen and wondered what was going on . 
 chase was pacing in his room then looked to madison and started towards her . 
 she gazed at him as he approached . 
 he still held the phone to his ear , his expression hard to read . 
 he might have been irritated or unsettled by whatever was being said . 
 he waited at the counter for a moment then held the phone out for her to take . 
 she pointed at herself with a questioning gaze . 
 he nodded and looked to the phone . 
 she tentatively took it , and chase turned away as soon as he was freed of the device . 
 holding to her ear , she found her voice , `` hello ? '' 
 `` madison , it 's me , '' skyler 's hushed voice came through . 
 `` just listen to me . 
 i got the collar . 
 it 's safe . 
 they 're onto me , and i do n't think i can shake them this time . 
 you have to get out of the apartment . 
 morgan has sent a group that way . 
 he knows you are there . 
 get out . 
 chase is going to take you somewhere safe until i can get back in touch ... '' `` skyler , wait ! 
 what 's happening ? '' 
 `` you have to do what i say . 
 do n't wait . 
 go now . 
 you 're going to be fine . '' 
 he paused for a moment , and there was an odd rustling noise . 
 he had set the phone down . 
 skyler began speaking again , but he was n't talking to her , `` i said i was coming . '' 
 an unfamiliar voice came next , but she could n't make out his words . 
 then skyler started again , `` i do n't need an escort . 
 i know my way . 
 geoff knows how long it takes . 
 he 'll understand . '' 
 there was a long silence . 
 madison 's heart raced . 
 where was skyler , and how was he going to get out of this one ? 
 she tried to think of a way to help him , but she was completely blind as to where to even begin . 
 the silence was replaced with another noise . 
 he was driving again , the rumble of the v-8 was a tone she 'd know anywhere . 
 rustling again , the phone was being picked up . 
 `` i 've got to go , madison . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm going to fix this , but you have to get out of there . 
 stay with chase . 
 he knows where to go . '' 
 with that , the line went dead . 
 the call ended . 
 she stared at the inactive phone and struggled with the dazed fog that filled her head . 
 chase came beside her and set a coat on the counter . 
 `` we need to go , '' he said softly . 
 his voice came with a calmness that contradicted his posture and expression . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 he waited for her to put the coat on before answering . 
 `` my parents are in europe for a month and the house is empty . 
 the housing community has a crazy security system that no one can get by . 
 once we 're inside , no one can come close without making it past the guard booths and patrols . 
 i have an access pass and keys to the house . 
 we can hang out there until skyler calls again . '' 
 she nodded and let him guide her to the door . 
 his plan was solid . 
 that was if they could reach his parents ' house . 
 they would have to hurry . 
 she did n't even know who they were running from once again . 
 she was tired of running from faceless shadows . 
 as they reached the door , madison paused . 
 she could n't leave just yet . 
 she left chase and hurried into the bathroom and snatched up her gold chain and diamond ring from the vanity top . 
 it was n't for morgan . 
 it was to remind her that she had something to lose this time around . 
 the cold of the parking garage nearly took her breath away as they were struck by the winter air . 
 she had not been out of the apartment for a month and became accustomed to the steady warmth . 
 even with chase keeping a tight hold on her as they scurried to his car , the frozen wind seemed to come from every direction . 
 his small , blue , two door sports car was chilly , but much more tolerable than the outside air . 
 chase started the engine and pushed a few buttons on the console . 
 madison quickly appreciated the luxury of heated seats . 
 he apparently noticed her fascination . 
 for a moment , his nervous expression flashed back to his usual mischievous smirk . 
 but only for a moment . 
 the little car sped down the ramps in the garage , turning tightly around the turns of each level until reaching the ground floor . 
 chase pointed his car for the exit and stepped on it , completely ignorant of the tenants walking in the lane . 
 he raced past them coming within inches of those who called his bluff and meandered too long . 
 as they came to the road , they had to wait their turn to merge into traffic . 
 madison scanned their surroundings and wished she knew what she was looking for . 
 one point offered some solace ; they could easily disappear in all the traffic . 
 maybe . 
 or would the traffic hinder them if they needed to make a quick escape ? 
 chase drummed the steering wheel and nosed out in attempts to force his way into the lane . 
 no one cared . 
 the jammed cars jammed up even more . 
 he let out a frustrated sigh and looked to madison with an apologetic frown . 
 she nodded in understanding and thought to reassure him , but something caught her eye . 
 there was a big , black suv that had pulled into the garage and was waiting to be allowed entry by the guard . 
 the driver side window rolled down , and an uncomfortably familiar face peered out and met her stare . 
 it was levi . 
 chapter twenty-four leave again madison gasped and waved for chase to go . 
 he did n't hesitate or question her and shoved his car into the shrinking opening that the suv had occupied . 
 levi threw his large truck in reverse and tried to return to the lane . 
 chase was already flowing with the other cars , leaving the dark and bulky vehicle behind in the chaos . 
 madison turned around and watched out the back window in time to see another suv like the first swerve around the gridlocked levi and speed after them . 
 `` i 've got this , '' chase cheered as he charged onto a red light . 
 he did n't slow . 
 madison braced herself when she caught onto his intent . 
 with a hoot , he ran the light and narrowly missed the crossing traffic . 
 reminding herself to breathe , she turned to look back . 
 the suv cleared the maze of vehicles as well . 
 `` where 's a cop when you want one ? '' 
 he barked when he noticed their pursuer in his mirror . 
 the crazed pace continued through the busy lanes of city traffic . 
 chase was quick thinking , and his car was quick to respond as he barreled along . 
 the little car was definitely more nimble than their oversized shadow , but the suv did n't let them gain much ground along the way . 
 the lights started to work with them . 
 there was a string of greens for several blocks before chase slipped through a few yellows . 
 `` we ca n't lose them , '' madison muttered as the black suv never left the mirror . 
 `` if i can reach the expressway , we 'll be fine . '' 
 `` this is n't your fight , chase . '' 
 he did n't respond and zipped through a light just as it turned red . 
 the sound of blaring horns told of their pursuers continuing after them . 
 madison shook her head and tried to think . 
 there had to be a way to stop the madness . 
 the cars ahead of them came to a standstill . 
 chase dove into the turn lane and pressed on until that one cluttered up as well . 
 he slammed on the brakes . 
 the little car slid to a screeching halt just shy of the bumper in front of them . 
 they were trapped . 
 chase mumbled something that missed madison 's ears . 
 she was too busy watching the dark suv pull up behind them . 
 its grill filled the rearview mirror . 
 `` they are n't after you , '' she said in a whisper . 
 `` it does n't matter , '' chase growled and locked the doors . 
 madison turned to him and put her hand on his arm , `` thank you for trying , but this is n't going to work . 
 they 're not after you . 
 they were n't even after skyler at first . 
 it 's me they want . 
 i have what they are after . '' 
 `` i told skyler i 'd keep you safe . 
 that 's what i 'm going to do . 
 we can talk about this later . '' 
 `` go on to your parents ' house and stay put . 
 skyler will call you when we 're out . 
 when the light turns , just go . 
 do n't wait for me . '' 
 she reached to open the door . 
 chase grabbed hold of her before she could get out . 
 `` we can still get away . 
 i 'm two lights from the expressway . 
 they wo n't be able to keep up . '' 
 `` i 'm not leaving skyler again . 
 he 's in trouble because he tried to help me . 
 i can save him . '' 
 he did n't release her , but his expression softened . 
 he was following her meaning . 
 `` he 'd do the same for you and me . '' 
 madison peered at him and begged with her eyes . 
 he cringed and checked the light . 
 it was still red . 
 he looked to the mirrors as two men stepped out of the suv behind them . 
 `` you promise you know what you 're doing ? '' 
 she nodded once . 
 `` i can save him . '' 
 `` and yourself , '' he quickly posed . 
 `` you both have to come out of this . '' 
 `` we 'll call you as soon as we can . '' 
 his grip lessened . 
 `` i 'm not afraid , you know . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 she tried to smile . 
 `` but you would be a distraction . 
 i have to concentrate on getting to skyler , and to do that , i have to go alone . '' 
 chase shifted and studied her . 
 `` be careful . '' 
 he released her arm . 
 she forced another smile . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 with that , madison drew a deep breath and stepped out of the small car . 
 she shut the door without looking back at chase . 
 she knew his unsettled stare would only add to her own nervousness . 
 the two men stopped their advance when she turned to them . 
 neither made a move for her . 
 she held her hands up for them to see she was unarmed and walked towards them . 
 the light turned green when she came beside the black suv . 
 chase did n't go . 
 she shook her head at him in case he was watching . 
 one of the men from the suv gestured at him . 
 his partner started for the car . 
 madison called him back , `` he 's just a kid . 
 let him go . '' 
 the man looked to her then his partner . 
 chase finally caught on and took off . 
 a chirp from his tires sounded as he sped away . 
 she watched him go . 
 there was a moment of relief in the mountain of fear that weighed upon her as the blue car disappeared in the sea of traffic . 
 `` get in , '' the man closest to her ordered as he opened the side door . 
 these two were not what she had pictured morgan sending after her . 
 they were less intimidating . 
 instead of the black suits and glossy shoes she imagined his goons to don , they wore simple slacks and sport coats . 
 they could pass as the average pencil pusher or desk jockey . 
 she gazed around for a breath and found her bearings . 
 their current location was known to her . 
 she made a resolve to keep tabs on their heading and not to get lost . 
 as long as she knew where she was , she would have an idea of how to get away . 
 madison climbed into the black suv behind the front passenger seat . 
 she was alone inside . 
 the man closed the door and walked around the back of the vehicle with his partner . 
 the second suv pulled up at a hurried pace . 
 levi and another man got out and joined them . 
 she knew she would n't be able to make out what they were saying , but she tried anyway . 
 she got nothing . 
 instead , she made a quick check of the inside of the truck . 
 there was a toolbox in the floor behind her . 
 madison kept her eyes on the men behind the vehicle as she unlatched the box and opened the lid . 
 she glanced to find three sedation syringes among other things . 
 grabbing one , she stuffed it in the sleeve of her coat and closed the box . 
 her eyes went back to the men in time to catch levi coming around to her side of the suv . 
 he pulled the door open and stared at her . 
 `` so we meet again , '' he smiled a sleazy smile . 
 `` take me to geoff , '' she ordered before he could continue . 
 `` now why would i do something like that ? '' 
 `` because i have something he wants . '' 
 levi sneered at her . 
 `` what 's to stop me from killing you right here and taking it to him myself ? '' 
 madison gave a mocking smile . 
 `` because i said i have something he wants . 
 i also have some bunny slippers . 
 but , as you can see , they 're not with me at the moment . '' 
 `` and if i do n't believe you ? '' 
 she shrugged , `` then you can deal with geoff . 
 i 'm sure he would understand . 
 he 's an understanding guy . '' 
 they peered at one another until one of the other men came beside levi and whispered something to him . 
 when he walked away , levi slammed the door and followed after him . 
 madison breathed a sigh of relief . 
 her hand involuntarily went to the wound on her belly that began to ache as the rush of adrenaline started to calm . 
 the two men got back into the suv while levi and the other returned to theirs . 
 the driver went on his way heading for the expressway and turned north . 
 they stayed with a route she knew for the most part . 
 when they shifted their heading to a more northwestern direction , she was less sure of her surroundings . 
 they drove for some time . 
 the traffic began to dissipate . 
 madison found herself wondering if she had made the right choice . 
 she was lost . 
 chapter twenty-five make a deal the vehicles pulled into a business complex in an area she had never seen before . 
 they were not outside the city . 
 rather , they were in a location she was unfamiliar with . 
 there was not any kind of security or check points at all as they pulled into a garage under the tall building . 
 most of the vehicles looked alike as they were parked in tight rows ; big , black suv after big , black suv . 
 there were a handful that differed from the seemingly endless collection of burly trucks like skyler 's silver g-wagon across the way and a blue van next to it . 
 madison 's entourage did n't park . 
 they pulled along a set of double doors made of glass . 
 one of the men riding with her got out and opened her door , gesturing for her to do the same . 
 levi soon joined them as they entered the building . 
 he went ahead of them and led the way through the bare-walled facility . 
 the entire setup had a temporary feel to it . 
 the halls were not well kept . 
 paint was peeling in places and tiles were missing out of the ceiling . 
 offices they passed along the way told a different story . 
 they were brightly lit and well furnished . 
 once she thought they were coming to an active area , but there were no other persons in the halls or rooms as far as she could see . 
 she did well in keeping track of the halls they took and turns they made . 
 at first . 
 after awhile , though , she felt they were going in circles . 
 there were not any numbers over the doors or plaques to decipher one room from another . 
 the scenes looked to be repeating themselves . 
 her nervousness pushed to the fore when she lost count of their turns . 
 madison became more aware of how tense levi was as he guided them . 
 neither he nor the man beside her spoke a word . 
 she tried not to let her mind wander with the possibilities of what she was going to face here , but the silence did too little to distract her . 
 a countless number of halls and one elevator ride later , levi finally came to an opened office door and ushered her inside . 
 it was one of the more presentable rooms she had witnessed in the building . 
 the walls were a soft , sky blue . 
 the carpet had a complementing pattern that wove through the inset scrolling . 
 a plush living room set welcomed those who stepped into the room . 
 there was a large , dark stained , wooden desk at the back of the room to her right . 
 a slender computer monitor and a bronze desk lamp was all that sat atop the tidy desk . 
 it was the figure behind the desk that caught her attention and refused to let it go , the ghost from her dreams in all his recalled beauty . 
 morgan slowly stood as a warm smile parted his lips . 
 his deep brown eyes met hers . 
 the stupid girl in her wanted to run to him and wrap her arms around him . 
 she bit her cheek to keep her heart from racing and to remember how to breathe . 
 `` madison . '' 
 his accent sung her name as he motioned to the chair in front of the grand desk . 
 `` come , we have much to talk about . '' 
 she glanced at the two beside her as they stepped back and left the room . 
 it was just her and morgan . 
 looking back to him , she found him still holding the inviting smile . 
 she forced one of her own and was grateful her feet carried her along the way instead of letting her fall on her face . 
 when she neared the chair , morgan moved from behind the desk and reached for her . 
 he pulled her into the wonderful embrace she remembered . 
 she held him without thinking , completely caught up in the confusion of seeing him after believing all these years that he was dead . 
 she was n't ready to face him much less be close to him . 
 the stupid girl was winning . 
 his hands glided up her back until his fingertips whispered across her throat . 
 `` i think it 's safe for you to wear this , '' he said as he tugged at the gold chain around her neck . 
 she had unknowingly put on the necklace with the ring in all the excitement . 
 it was in her pocket last she knew . 
 morgan unclasped the chain and freed the diamond ring . 
 `` i see you 've been waiting for me . '' 
 he smiled as he slipped it onto her finger . 
 it still fit . 
 butterflies filled her stomach as she gazed blankly at the sparkling stone . 
 she had been waiting for him , wishing for him . 
 but now that he was here , it was n't what she thought . 
 that wishing had shifted to skyler . 
 but she could n't let morgan know . 
 if he was the monster that skyler painted him to be , he needed to believe that she was still that gullible and naive girl he fooled all those years ago . 
 madison raised her eyes to his and smiled . 
 it was easy . 
 part of her heart still ached for him . 
 he leaned in and kissed her cheek . 
 she flinched slightly , refraining from meeting his warm lips with her own . 
 `` let me take you coat , '' he spoke into her ear . 
 she could smell the hint of hazelnut coffee on his breath at his nearness . 
 he was never without his favorite coffee . 
 she shook her head both to clear it and to deny him . 
 `` i 'm still a little cold , '' she lied . 
 she was melting . 
 the syringe tucked within the sleeve held her to her resolve . 
 she was here for skyler . 
 morgan perched on the edge of his desk and again motioned to the chair . 
 `` welcome home . '' 
 she took it slowly while keeping her eyes on the sight she was still struggling to comprehend . 
 feelings of loss and abandonment swirled in her head , screaming for answers , and she fought to conceal it , hoping with all her heart that her face did n't betray her . 
 `` you undoubtedly have many questions , '' he leaned closer , `` and i will do my best to answer , but i am a little short on time at the moment . 
 you see , i am in the middle of wrapping up a deal . 
 it has taken far too long to get to this point , and i need to get back to it . '' 
 he paused in his explanation and studied her , tilting his head and narrowing his eyes . 
 `` actually , '' he went on . 
 `` your timing could n't be better . '' 
 he shifted back with a pleased smile . 
 `` correct me if i 'm wrong , but you have nowhere to go , do you ? '' 
 the question was too convenient . 
 she could n't answer . 
 of course she had nowhere to go , but to tell him so would only leave her all the more so open to his scheming . 
 he did n't wait for her answer . 
 `` i can give you what you 're looking for . 
 help me finish this job and i will let you come home to stay . 
 you wo n't have to worry about rebuilding an identity or finding work . 
 everything is right where you left it . 
 here , with me . '' 
 she was n't the one who left , not really . 
 and this was n't what she was looking for , but it was a chance to get closer to what she truly wanted . 
 `` you want me to work for you . '' 
 `` with me , love . 
 not for , with . '' 
 `` may i ask what it is ? '' 
 morgan studied her again . 
 this time it was a little unnerving . 
 his eyes did n't hold the kindness she had come to know . 
 they looked dangerous , cunning . 
 `` i can only share the details if you agree to take part . '' 
 he gave a one-sided smile . 
 `` you know how this works . 
 can i count you in ? '' 
 `` do i have a choice ? '' 
 she answered in surrender . 
 it was what he wanted to hear . 
 `` that 's my girl . '' 
 she did n't like the position she was placing herself in , but it seemed to be the only way she could think of to get to skyler . 
 she desperately hoped he was close and that he was within reach . 
 `` how may i be of use to you ? '' 
 he transformed back into the morgan she remembered , the one who broke her heart . 
 his eyes softened and he moved closer . 
 `` i am hours from concluding an arrangement with lake view . 
 it seems that my associate leading the team has stepped down . 
 you already know the place better than anyone . 
 with you taking charge of the crew we can be in and out in a fraction of the time . '' 
 fierce dread gripped madison . 
 she knew who was originally leading the team . 
 `` where 's skyler ? '' 
 the question tumbled out before she could stop it . 
 morgan 's smile shifted . 
 he peered at her as if he had missed her words . 
 `` he stepped out for coffee or something . 
 he 'll be back any moment , i 'm sure . '' 
 her mind raced . 
 all her fears attacked her resilience and she groped for a hint of hope . 
 `` may i see him ? 
 i need to speak with him . '' 
 the man before her never flinched . 
 `` i 'll see if he can be located . '' 
 she nodded in understanding and worked to calm herself as he went on . 
 `` as i was saying , you have all the knowledge needed for this job . 
 it 's perfect for you . 
 take my team , go in , take one safe ... '' he stopped short and clasped his hands in thought . 
 `` unless , of course , you already have it . '' 
 she knew what he was getting at and felt even more trapped . 
 was there nothing she could do to keep one step ahead of him ? 
 she tried to play innocent . 
 `` i 'm sorry ? '' 
 `` come on , '' he chuckled . 
 `` i knew you would n't be able to resist such a prize . 
 tell me , after all these years , was it as good as you remembered ? '' 
 a smile came to her face . 
 he could n't have been more wrong . 
 she hated that she took the diamond . 
 even though she knew it was in the best interest of the company , she lost many nights ' sleep over it . 
 she wished everyday that she had n't done it . 
 she wished even more that she was n't able to do it . 
 `` where is it ? '' 
 `` i want to see skyler . '' 
 it took all her concentration to keep from trembling as adrenaline poured into her veins . 
 she had something he wanted . 
 but how badly did he want it ? 
 and would she be able to deliver if it came down to it ? 
 the diamond was in skyler 's possession and she did n't know how to get to it without endangering him anymore . 
 `` and you shall . '' 
 his reply came too easily . 
 she was unsure of how to take it . 
 he did n't give her much time to ponder his meaning . 
 `` he will be happy to know you are back with us . 
 he has been a little difficult to manage since you went your own way . 
 you were the glue that held this team together . 
 he is a brilliant young man , and full of potential , but i have to admit that i 've doubted him as of late . 
 `` i take care of my own , madison . 
 you know this . 
 i pieced that boy back together after you left . 
 i taught him everything i know . 
 he will never be lacking because of what i 've shown him . 
 i made him my partner in this business that i 've built from the ground up . 
 i expected the same from him . 
 but his recent actions has forced the question of his loyalty . '' 
 she wondered his sincerity . 
 `` can i ask what he 's done ? '' 
 `` he hid you from me . '' 
 morgan looked genuinely concerned . 
 `` i ca n't figure out why he would do such a thing . 
 i 've suspected of him starting his own group , but this is more than i anticipated . 
 i 'm afraid he is trying to turn you against me . '' 
 a twinge of doubt formed against skyler in her mind . 
 was he as innocent as he had her believe ? 
 what was he really after ? 
 his odium of morgan was obvious each time he spoke of him . 
 would he purposely turn her against her lost fiancé just to please himself ? 
 but morgan 's own explanation contradicted his actions . 
 `` you knew i was at lake view and you went ahead with your plans . 
 if you took care of you own , you would have found another way to close the deal without force . 
 if it was n't for skyler , your men would have left me to die . '' 
 it took much effort to keep her voice from cracking with the memory of him deserting her . 
 `` my hands were tied , '' he said softly . 
 `` and i owe skyler for saving you when i could not . 
 there are times i want to wring his scrawny neck , '' he gave a humorless chuckle , `` then he turns and does something that reminds me of why i keep him around . 
 this is one of those reminders . 
 he brought you back to me . '' 
 he stared at her as if he expected her to say something more . 
 she met his silence for a moment and mustered up a nod . 
 `` could i see him now ? '' 
 he took too long to answer for her comfort . 
 `` of course . '' 
 his smiling face was a mask and she did n't want to think of what was on the other side . 
 `` tell me where my diamond is and i 'll see if i can locate him . '' 
 he was n't as passive as he was letting on . 
 madison spun the ring on her finger and caught her breath . 
 `` let me see him , please . 
 i 'll tell you where you can find it . '' 
 he did n't appear to be buying her offer . 
 `` i trust you , '' she perjured . 
 `` i just want to see him . 
 you 'll get your diamond and i 'll work for you . 
 i just need to know he 's all right . '' 
 the look on his face hinted that she was about to get what she had wished for . 
 he never could pass up a win-win situation . 
 she knew he was already forming his own plan to keep all three and to do whatever he saw fit with them . 
 once the diamond was in his hand , she and skyler were as good as dead . 
 that was if she was out of her own tricks . 
 he slowly got to his feet and glanced about the room before turning to her once again . 
 morgan offered his hand to help her up . 
 when she took it , he hugged her to his side . 
 `` my biggest regret was losing you , '' he whispered as he held her close . 
 `` i 'm sorry i did n't do more to keep you . 
 you have no idea how delighted i am to have you back . 
 you belong here , madison . 
 you 're my girl . '' 
 his choice words sent a chill down her spine . 
 she did n't belong to him . 
 she did n't belong to anyone . 
 she was her own person . 
 but yet , when he gazed into her eyes as he wrapped her in his secure embrace , she found herself losing out to the stupid girl all over again . 
 she had no idea why his hold was so strong on her , but she could n't make herself fight against it . 
 when he leaned closer , she followed through and pressed her lips to his . 
 they were transported back eight years and into their old life . 
 their kitchen surrounded them . 
 she could see the calendar on the wall . 
 two weeks and she would be his wife and they would have a full life together . 
 two weeks and she would have everything she could ever ask for . 
 why not ? 
 because skyler was in danger and he needed her help , that 's why not . 
 he had been her friend for as long as she could remember , and he had never once lied to her or tried to mislead her . 
 he had risked everything , even his own life to keep her safe . 
 though his techniques have not always been ideal , his heart was in it . 
 he needed her to keep her head clear long enough to finish this . 
 he could n't break free of morgan 's leash on his own . 
 madison regained her thinking ability and eased back from him . 
 his eyes were cold when she looked into them . 
 it brought back the uncertainty of his love for her in the beginning . 
 was it ever real ? 
 she needed to know . 
 `` this whole time ... '' she shook her head and stumbled over his name , `` morgan , i 've loved you this whole time . '' 
 he cocked his head and blinked slowly . 
 `` i know , '' he finally answered as his hands ran down her waist . 
 his fingers ventured some , seemingly curious at first . 
 but when they came to the wound on her belly , he pressed against it . 
 she winced with a whimper at the sudden pressure . 
 he drew his hand away and gave smile that did n't touch his eyes . 
 `` apologies . '' 
 after a few breaths , he waved a finger for her to wait and walked over to the door . 
 morgan spoke with someone in the hall briefly before turning back to her . 
 `` levi is going to take you to skyler . 
 i have to finish something up here then i 'll be down shortly and we 'll discuss our options . '' 
 her mind raced with all the horrible outcomes that could come from going along with his plan . 
 her heart pounded in her chest , and her stomach was in knots , but she decided it was a risk she was going to have to take . 
 she accepted his statement as if it were music to her ears . 
 madison smiled an appreciative smile and straightened her coat before following after levi . 
 chapter twenty-six morgan 's diamond levi wordlessly led the way through several halls and to the elevator . 
 it was a much shorter ride this time , and they were then back into the labyrinth of bleak hallways . 
 they came to a stop at a door without a window . 
 he turned the nob and pushed it open , eyeing her as she passed by and into the decaying room . 
 the small chamber was empty except for one folding chair in the middle of the room . 
 skyler was cuffed to it . 
 his head was bowed , and he looked terrible . 
 madison 's heart broke for him , but she could n't let levi know . 
 he had to think she was still under morgan 's control . 
 `` you used me , '' she spat at skyler . 
 he looked up at her , his eyes full of pain and surprise . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 he choked . 
 she stared at him angrily . 
 it was hard to do . 
 he had been roughed up . 
 he had a black eye , a split cheek , and a bloodied lip . 
 by the way he was sitting she could tell he was in pain . 
 `` i trusted you and you used me , '' she hissed . 
 his startled expression faded , and he lowered his head again . 
 `` morgan told me everything . 
 how could you do this to us ? 
 look at me when i 'm talking to you ! '' 
 he raised his eyes to her with a look of shame . 
 she wondered for a moment if it was true , if he had used her . 
 he did n't try to counter her or defend himself . 
 `` you never should have come here , '' he mumbled . 
 she then knew he had given up . 
 `` that 's it ? 
 do n't you think i deserve a little more explanation from you ? '' 
 she waited . 
 he did n't move . 
 `` after all these years ? '' 
 that got his attention . 
 he gaped at her with an expression just shy of disgust . 
 he was still with her . 
 madison nodded and turned to levi . 
 `` i want to go ahead with our deal . '' 
 he glanced at skyler , then looked back to madison . 
 `` where is it ? '' 
 `` right here , '' she said as she slipped off the ring . 
 she kept her hand closed over the piece to hide it somewhat as levi reached to take it . 
 just before placing it in his palm , she dropped it to the floor . 
 he glared at her when she shuffled to retrieve it . 
 `` i 've got it , '' he growled as he grabbed her by the arm . 
 levi pushed her away and bent down to pick up the ring . 
 madison slipped the syringe from her sleeve , uncapped it , and stuck it in his back . 
 levi yelped and spun around to hit her . 
 she ducked away from the blow and moved to trip him up . 
 it did n't take much . 
 he was slow to sidestep her and lost his balance . 
 he fell flailing to the floor and muttered curses at her for a few moments before going still . 
 `` you are crazy ! '' 
 skyler 's relieved voice rang out . 
 she looked at him , unable to tell if his smile was out of fear or happiness . 
 maybe both . 
 she found the ring and put it in levi 's hand for when he came around . 
 he would be the one to give it back to morgan . 
 it seemed fitting . 
 `` we 've got to get out of here , '' madison hurried to see to skyler . 
 she pulled a pin from her hair and jimmied the lock . 
 cuffs were always easier than safes . 
 he did n't jump up as soon as the bindings clattered to the floor . 
 he wrapped his arms around his midsection and doubled over with a groan . 
 madison took hold of him and guided him to his feet . 
 he reached up and held her face in his hands . 
 `` do n't ever do that to me again , '' he said in a warning tone . 
 `` i thought i 'd lost you . '' 
 she pulled his hands down and held them in her own . 
 `` morgan will be here any moment . 
 we have to get out of here now . '' 
 skyler nodded with another wince and moved for the door . 
 they stepped over the motionless levi and paused just inside the open door . 
 he peeked out into the halls for a breath , then tugged madison 's hand to follow after him . 
 `` where 's chase ? '' 
 he questioned after the first turn . 
 `` he 's safe , but he 's expecting a phone call as soon as we 're able . '' 
 he glanced back at her and shook his head . 
 `` that may be awhile . '' 
 the way they took made no sense to madison . 
 she was completely turned around . 
 skyler never slowed as he marched through the lifeless halls . 
 even when he came to the elevators , the doors of one opened right after he pressed the button as if they knew of his haste . 
 she looked at skyler as they waited within the silence . 
 he watched the buttons light up with their descent . 
 his anxiousness was written on his face and echoed in his tense stance . 
 she wanted to hug him and hold him tight with the relief of seeing him , but something held her back . 
 she should n't distract him . 
 knowing she could n't get past his full-blown defense mode , she instead wrapped her fingers in the loose fabric at the back of his coat . 
 he did n't act as if he noticed . 
 the elevator chime told of their arrival on the ground floor . 
 skyler held his place within the enclosure as he checked the hallway ahead . 
 without a word , he stepped out and ushered her along behind him . 
 the front door was in view . 
 the only thing between them and their exit was a single long hall . 
 it seemed to take ages for them to near the double doors that led to the parking garage . 
 they kept to a hurried walk along the way , not quite running . 
 but when skyler reached to push the doors open , the elevator chime rang out behind them . 
 madison stopped short beside him , and they both turned to look . 
 the doors slid open to reveal morgan and four of his men . 
 skyler grabbed madison by the arm and rushed her out the door . 
 she broke into a run for his g-wagon slowing only when she noticed he was n't moving as quickly . 
 he was hindered with a limp . 
 she got under his arm and helped him along . 
 neither spoke . 
 they did n't have to ; reach his truck and get away or take too long and get caught . 
 once inside his truck , he did n't favor his side anymore as he had all along the way . 
 skyler seemed to be in complete control . 
 madison turned to look back as the engine roared to life . 
 morgan and the others had reached the double doors . 
 the sound of the tires squealing on smooth concrete echoed throughout the garage . 
 they finally found traction , and the large suv lurched as it pulled from the parking space . 
 with a slap to the shifter , they were throttling out of the garage and into the fading daylight . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 skyler was quickly questioning as he sped down the lane from the business complex . 
 `` did they hurt you ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 they did n't touch me . 
 you , on the other hand , look awful . 
 are you all right ? '' 
 she studied his bruised face and wished she had gotten to him earlier . 
 `` it 's nothing . 
 i 've had worse . '' 
 he did n't sugarcoat anything . 
 he was watching the mirror and plotting their escape . 
 they were far from free just yet . 
 looking behind them , madison could see two vehicles following . 
 it looked like the two that had come after her and chase . 
 though skyler had a good start , there was n't much around to lose them by . 
 they had to get to the highway . 
 it became a little more tricky when they reached the heavier traffic . 
 the g-wagon was n't exactly small enough to slip through the jams . 
 but that is where its large size came into play . 
 skyler barged into whichever lane he wanted and forced his way through the congestion . 
 the drivers of the smaller cars could honk all they want . 
 it 's hard to argue with a full sized suv that had the power to back up its bark . 
 the entrance to the highway brought a new hope . 
 though the shadowing vehicles did n't drop back by much , just knowing of the stretch of the fast-paced , multi-lane roadway meant they had a chance . 
 madison glanced at the gauges . 
 they had a full tank . 
 the throttle was far from pegged . 
 they were going to make it . 
 chapter twenty-seven are you with me ? 
 `` i have to ask if you 're certain you are with me , '' skyler said with a quick look as he wove around slower cars . 
 `` i 'm right here , skyler . 
 where else would i go ? '' 
 he gave a short nod and kept his eyes on the road . 
 the skyline of the city was out his window . 
 the lights glowed brightly against the cold winter sky . 
 they were heading south with the sunset out the passenger side of the g-wagon . 
 `` i have n't tested this yet . 
 i do n't know how well it is going to work . 
 what i do know is that once i set it in motion , you ca n't easily back out . 
 if you 're with me , we 're doing this . 
 if you 're not ready , i need to know now . '' 
 the tone in his voice told that he was n't exactly ready himself . 
 `` tell me what to do . 
 i 'm with you . '' 
 his eyes flashed to the mirror and then to her . 
 `` i 'm going to take care of us . 
 stay with me , follow my lead , and we 'll be fine . '' 
 `` anything else i need to know ? '' 
 she asked nervously . 
 `` buckle up tight . '' 
 skyler reached over and gave her seatbelt a tug . 
 when he released it , he glanced to her again . 
 `` we 're going to be fine . '' 
 she acknowledged him with a smile though she was completely without understanding as to what to expect . 
 he seemed to have things under control , so she convinced herself to put her full trust in him . 
 he would n't do anything to endanger them more so , would he ? 
 his eyes never left the road except for quick glances to the mirror . 
 he navigated the busy highway with one hand on the wheel as he felt at his coat pockets until pulling out his phone . 
 the number he called must have been on speed-dial because he only pressed one or two buttons . 
 madison watched out the corner of her eye unsure if she was supposed to overhear his conversation . 
 `` yes . 
 detective payne . '' 
 she found his voice surprisingly calm . 
 `` skyler andrews speaking . 
 i know i said it would be a little while before i could contact you again but something 's come up . 
 morgan bristow is moving forward with the lake view plan tonight . 
 he 's caught onto me and i am off the job . '' 
 he paused for a moment , and she assumed whomever was on the line was taking their turn . 
 she stared at him . 
 she did n't know he had been speaking with a detective . 
 why would he have kept that to himself ? 
 `` i understand what we agreed on . 
 that 's not going to work anymore . 
 if you can get to me before he does , we still might could make it happen . 
 i 'm on 171 heading south for stevenson . 
 they 're right behind me . '' 
 he waited again and shook his head . 
 `` then i suggest you get your team ready for lake view and concentrate on that . 
 i 've done all i can . 
 and by the way , i have madison addley with me . 
 i probably should have told you earlier , i know . '' 
 skyler held the phone away from his ear and peeked over at her with an apologetic wince . 
 he then turned back to the road and continued the call . 
 `` yes , sir . 
 i 'll take the expressway . 
 you might want to hurry . 
 i do n't know how much longer i can hold them off . '' 
 his confession was not encouraging , and she looked back to their pursuers . 
 no one had gained any ground on the other . 
 she turned to skyler in time to see him flip a switch , roll the window down , and toss out the phone . 
 he did n't notice her puzzlement as he put the window up , cutting off the frosty wind that blasted through the cabin , and gave his attention to the road ahead of them . 
 it was n't much longer down the highway that he gave another nod . 
 she had n't said anything , so she figured he was giving himself a pep talk of sorts . 
 he watched the mirror for a moment before glancing to her . 
 `` we 're coming up on our exit . 
 no matter what happens , wait for me , listen to me . 
 stay buckled in and remain calm . '' 
 madison eyed him and tried to follow his meaning . 
 looking ahead , there were no exit signs . 
 they had just merged onto the expressway . 
 she still did n't know exactly where they were , but he seemed to . 
 there was traffic all around them , and the suvs that had been shadowing them were not far behind . 
 she turned back to skyler and kept her questioning to herself . 
 he appeared to be deep in thought as he concentrated on the road . 
 she mirrored his stare and searched in front of them . 
 they were coming to a bridge . 
 he was in the far left lane , stomped on the throttle , and gave the speeding vehicle even more momentum . 
 she cringed and hoped all the other cars on the road would stay out of their way . 
 when they started onto the bridge , skyler jerked the wheel and sent the vehicle across the other two lanes to their right , narrowly missing a small truck that locked up its brakes to avoid him . 
 madison clung to the shoulder strap and choked off a scream as the g-wagon slammed headlong into the railed divider . 
 it pushed through the barrier with a jarring impact . 
 the unnatural screech of metal tearing at metal filled her ears and added to the fright . 
 her breath caught in her throat at the sight of the icy river below that seemed to be reaching for them . 
 she wanted to close her eyes , but she could n't look away from the place marked by the headlights where they were about to splash into the dark water . 
 somewhere amid the madness she noticed skyler let go of the wheel and fold his arms tight across his chest . 
 that was the only thing she saw before the front of the g-wagon plunged into the river . 
 they landed awkwardly , and it felt as if the massive vehicle rocked back when the rear finally came to rest in the water . 
 it took a few seconds for madison to realize she was still alive . 
 the river water began to seep into the floor in front of her . 
 she pulled her feet into the seat to avoid it . 
 skyler cut off the engine as if he had just parked at the mall and called to her , `` are you all right ? '' 
 `` you did n't say you were planning to drive off a bridge ! 
 the water is freezing ! 
 what are you thinking ? '' 
 she could n't believe how calm he was about their predicament . 
 she would rather face morgan and his squad of goons than freeze to death in the murky river . 
 `` get in the back . '' 
 he had unbuckled and was reaching for her seatbelt as well . 
 `` take off your coat and shoes and get into the back . '' 
 she wanted to argue the point , but she listened . 
 he was n't at all flustered . 
 this was all a part of his plan . 
 madison slipped off her shoes and wiggled out of her coat as she scaled the seats and headed for the cargo area . 
 there were three large , black bags in the back of the sinking g-wagon . 
 skyler left off watching out the sunroof and finally made his way into the rear seat . 
 `` the one with the pink zipper is yours . 
 move fast , madison , we do n't have much time . '' 
 again a variety of remarks flashed through her adrenaline charged mind , but she kept them to herself . 
 setting the coat and shoes in the seat , she reached back and pulled the pink zipper on the oversized bag . 
 the contents within meant nothing to her . 
 black , rubbery material with hoses and more zippers . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` dry suit . 
 we 're going to have to swim for it . '' 
 she gaped at him . 
 he could n't be serious . 
 how was a suit going to do any good in the freezing river ? 
 she did n't even like swimming in a pool much less the coldest body of water he could manage to land them in . 
 `` come on , you have to hurry . '' 
 he dragged one of the other bags to himself and had it opened in no time flat . 
 madison copied his every move and managed to get into the uncomfortable suit . 
 the water was rising quickly , and she was often distracted with keeping out of its reach . 
 once skyler had his zipped up , he turned to her to help finish . 
 he then stuffed their coats and shoes into the third bag and closed it , checking its seal a few times before moving on . 
 the tanks and hoses were nearly impossible on their own , then only complicated even more so with the rush . 
 somehow , and entirely by skyler 's doing , they were soon suited up and tanked . 
 the gloves were the easiest to deal with and the flippers less so . 
 the front of the g-wagon was entirely submerged . 
 the water was covering the side windows and creeping up the back . 
 madison looked to skyler learning to appreciate his utter placidity . 
 he must have noticed her discontent . 
 he placed his gloved hand on her arm and gently squeezed it . 
 `` we 're almost there . 
 just a little while longer and we 'll take an easy swim . 
 then we 're home free . 
 stay close to me and everything will be fine , you 'll see . '' 
 she nodded in understanding though she did n't believe it was as simple as he was making it sound . 
 as the water reached halfway up the back glass , skyler motioned for her to put on her mask and regulator . 
 when they were both readied , he took a massive flashlight from his bag and struck the rear hatch window with it . 
 the glass spiderwebbed , but held . 
 the next blow broke through . 
 water surged through the opening and filled the g-wagon the rest of the way . 
 madison held to the seat and stayed next to skyler . 
 she quickly learned to use the breathing regulator and was n't as frightened by the time he pushed the last of the glass free from the window . 
 he looked at her and picked up the bag that held their coats and shoes . 
 he patted his side and gestured for the window . 
 she stayed as close as she could manage and followed his lead into to the dark and frigid waters . 
 the cold was n't nearly as incapacitating as she had expected it to be . 
 where her skin was exposed around the mask and regulator , she was very aware of the freezing temperature . 
 but within the dry suit , it was actually tolerable . 
 skyler kept to an assumed path that once again only he knew of . 
 madison stuck with him and tried to decipher anything the narrow beam from the flashlight would catch . 
 he slowed a few times , but why , she could n't tell . 
 it was n't long before he went back on his way rarely changing their heading . 
 she had no idea where they were or how long they had been swimming when the light came to some kind of a grating in the water . 
 they were at the base of a wide , circular , concrete structure . 
 skyler passed the bag to her and pulled the grating from its frame . 
 he waved with the light , and madison followed his meaning and swam through the opening . 
 she waited just inside for him to come in and replace the grating . 
 he then took hold of her by the arm and guided her through what appeared to be a gigantic pipe . 
 they continued to swim for a ways before the pipe made a turn and they were heading upward . 
 there above them were ripples of water reflecting light . 
 the surface . 
 skyler released her as they neared the top . 
 madison made it up first , but he was right behind her . 
 they made their way to shallower water and finally reached dry ground . 
 dry concrete anyway . 
 it was quite dark . 
 only faint a light seeped in from outside , high up in the tall concrete room . 
 after tossing the heavy bag onto the embankment , she hefted herself up and rolled clear of the water . 
 they had made it . 
 she let out an excited laugh . 
 she was cold and her wound was aching , but they made it . 
 turning to check skyler , madison found him struggling to get out of the water . 
 she shrugged out of her tank , kicked off the flippers , and went to give him a hand . 
 `` i 'm coming , '' she called to him . 
 `` you 're almost there . '' 
 she grabbed his hand as he felt for the wall of the embankment and tried to pull him up . 
 he was n't doing much to help her . 
 he was more of a dead weight . 
 getting down on her hands and knees , she was able to get a better grip on him and managed to get him to a more ideal place on the wall . 
 skyler then did a little more on his own and gradually climbed out . 
 he ripped the regulator from his mouth and cried out . 
 it startled madison . 
 something was wrong . 
 chapter twenty-eight price of freedom `` skyler ? 
 talk to me . 
 what 's happening ? '' 
 she helped him out of the tank 's hold . 
 he collapsed to the ground . 
 the flashlight scattered away from him . 
 the sound of it bouncing off the concrete echoed in the domed room before it plopped into the water . 
 `` get it off ! '' 
 he said in a pained whisper . 
 `` i 'm freezing ! '' 
 she did n't hesitate to react . 
 he was already fumbling with the zipper across the front of his suit . 
 madison pulled off her gloves and knelt beside him . 
 she had the zipper undone and hurried to help him out of the suit . 
 he was completely soaked and shivering violently . 
 since they had put the suits on over their clothes , she knew he had nothing dry to wear except his coat . 
 `` get the bag , '' he chattered . 
 `` blankets . '' 
 `` i 'm coming . '' 
 she scrambled for the bag with her eyes gradually adjusting to the dark . 
 madison dragged it back to where he was fighting to get out of his sopping wet clothes . 
 she had to dig past the coats to find the blankets that were hiding in the bag . 
 there were two of them ; wonderfully thick , heavy , and dry blankets . 
 she muttered as she helped him get free of his shirt , `` you 're all right . '' 
 his hands were shaking too much to maneuver the buttons . 
 she undid a few before giving up and pulling the wet garment over his head . 
 `` you 're going to be fine . '' 
 `` i ... ca n't ... '' he fell short in forming the words . 
 madison did n't slow to question what he was saying . 
 he needed to be dried off as soon as possible . 
 her hands were quickly feeling numb just from handling his suit and wet clothes with the cold air of where ever they were . 
 she draped one of the blankets over his shoulders and had him hold it as she loosened his belt to get his pants off of him . 
 `` here . '' 
 she laid the second blanket down on the hard ground . 
 `` you 're almost there . 
 hang on a moment longer . '' 
 she helped him onto the blanket and wrapped him completely in it . 
 she then fought with her own suit until she could step out of it . 
 madison scooped up both their coats and rushed back to skyler . 
 `` i 'm ... freezing ... '' he said when she checked him . 
 `` i know . 
 i 'm trying to hurry . '' 
 `` talk ... to me . 
 stay ... awake . '' 
 `` i know , i know . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 she climbed into the blankets with him and draped the coats over them for another layer of warmth . 
 `` hold onto me . '' 
 she tried to nestle closer to him . 
 `` i am , '' he breathed . 
 he was n't . 
 madison wrapped his arms around herself and cringed at how cold he was . 
 he felt like he was made of ice . 
 she tried not to shiver as she hugged him close . 
 his quaking only made it worse since she had to hold even tighter to him to keep him from pulling away . 
 `` come on , '' she tried to speak calmly to him . 
 `` you 've got this . 
 we 're all right . '' 
 `` stay ... awake ... '' `` i know . 
 i wo n't let you sleep . 
 we have too much to talk about . '' 
 she was beginning to shiver despite her best efforts . 
 his body seemed as if it was chasing away any warmth she had within her . 
 `` i think we 're going to miss that movie . '' 
 `` s-s-s-sorry . '' 
 he buried his face in her shoulder . 
 `` it 's ok , we can catch it another time . '' 
 she fervently rubbed at his back and arms , and tried to keep the cold from taking him any further . 
 `` what was it called ? '' 
 `` do n't ... know ... '' she was hoping to keep him talking more than that . 
 he needed to fight more than he was . 
 `` skyler ? 
 where are we going tomorrow ? '' 
 `` i ... ca n't ... '' he did n't seem to be trying to answer . 
 `` madi ... i ca n't ... '' `` i need you to try , '' she shook him . 
 `` come on , skyler . 
 you can do better than this . '' 
 he whimpered and puffed , but he did n't answer . 
 `` what happened to jessica ? 
 you never told me how things went with her . '' 
 `` she ... left me ... when ... morgan ... came back ... '' a forceful shudder rocked through him and he gasped . 
 madison winced and held him close . 
 `` she did n't ... know ... she thought ... i ... delivered pizzas . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she whispered to him and tried to ignore her own aching body . 
 `` i 'm sure she 'd be happy to know you 're out and on your own now . 
 she 'd be proud of you . '' 
 madison did n't know what she was saying . 
 she could only hope his old girlfriend did n't hate him for trying to shield her from what he did . 
 he had always talked about taking her away and starting over on their own . 
 it was harder than it sounded . 
 but he loved her . 
 he would have made it happen . 
 `` hey , skyler ? '' 
 she waited for him to make an effort to acknowledge her before going on . 
 `` remember back before jessica and before morgan when it was just us ? 
 we were on our own and barely getting by . 
 i think those are still my favorite times . 
 remember ? 
 i worked at the diner and you delivered pizzas . 
 we worked right next to each other and took breaks together . 
 fridays we combined our tips and went to the drive-in and split a tub of popcorn and a soda . 
 remember ? '' 
 she gave him a nudge and he seemed to nod . 
 `` that girl who liked you worked there and would let us in . 
 your car did n't have a radio , so you and i made up our own lines for the movie . 
 we 'd stop and get ice cream afterwards before going home . 
 you always got chocolate chip and i had rocky road . '' 
 she paused again and hoped he would join in . 
 he did n't . 
 she pressed her forehead to his . 
 `` please talk to me . '' 
 he just shivered and shook with his teeth clinched . 
 `` what kind of car did you have ? '' 
 she gave him a few moments to answer . 
 he remained unchanged . 
 `` please , skyler . 
 what kind of car was it ? '' 
 he groaned and opened his eyes some . 
 `` honda . '' 
 the answer was weak , but he gave it . 
 the trembling calmed slightly . 
 madison gave a smile of relief . 
 `` it was white , right ? '' 
 she knew it was n't . 
 it was another attempt to keep him active . 
 `` black . '' 
 his quaking increased and she let him bury his face in her shoulder again . 
 `` tiffany ... at the ... movie . '' 
 `` that 's right . 
 her name was tiffany . 
 she went to school with us and her dad was our english teacher . '' 
 `` twice . '' 
 `` junior and senior year . 
 i forgot . '' 
 she checked the blankets to make sure he was getting as much warmth as could be managed . 
 he did n't seem to be getting any better , and she was beginning to shiver uncontrollably . 
 he needed help , more than what she was able to give . 
 she was afraid to leave him to look for help . 
 she had no idea where they were . 
 they were more alone than they had ever been before . 
 the moments passed as she struggled to think of what to do . 
 she did n't want to be his only hope . 
 she was n't doing a very good job of keeping him warm or awake . 
 her own eyes began to feel heavy . 
 she wanted to close them and rest for a few minutes . 
 but that would be a mistake , a dangerous one for them both at this point . 
 `` you ... there ? '' 
 skyler 's unsteady voice called her back to the present . 
 she nodded . 
 `` i am . '' 
 madison rested her head against his despite the sting of his wet and seemingly frozen hair where it touched her skin . 
 she closed her eyes and willed away the cold . 
 `` i 'm not going anywhere . 
 you 're still stuck with me , in case you were wondering . '' 
 a strangled smile quivered her lips at the failed humor then instantly disappeared when she clinched her teeth to keep them from chattering . 
 skyler groaned as another tremor jolted his body . 
 madison cringed and held tight in hopes of it subsiding quickly . 
 he began to mutter something , and she had to listen closely to decipher his words . 
 he took a deep breath and tried again . 
 `` i did n't mean ... for this ... to happen ... i 'm ... sorry ... '' `` no . 
 you have nothing to be sorry about , '' she softly interrupted . 
 `` you said you would save us , and you did . 
 you faced your fears and took a chance and now you 're free . 
 no one can bully or push you around anymore . '' 
 he did n't make any attempt to respond as his trembling continued . 
 `` i did n't do that , skyler , and i 'm sorry . 
 i ran away . 
 i never should have left you alone . 
 that is my biggest regret . 
 but now that i 've found you again , i 'm not leaving . 
 i 'm staying right here , and we 're going to be just fine . '' 
 there was n't any change in him as she adjusted her hold on him and tried to study his bruised face in the darkness . 
 she could n't tell if he was even listening to her anymore . 
 `` yep . 
 we 're going to be all right . 
 we 'll get out of here and catch the first flight south . 
 there 's a sandy beach with our name on it . 
 we 'll build a bonfire and watch the tide come in . 
 a night on the warm sand sounds pretty good right now , does n't it ? '' 
 madison 's mind began to drift back to their carefree days in miami when it was just the two of them . 
 she could almost hear the waves crashing and the fire crackling . 
 the heat from the flames and the summer night nearly reached her before skyler 's shaking increased and she felt him tense up even more . 
 `` we 'll get there soon , '' she started again , `` and we have you to thank for that . 
 just hang in there a little longer . 
 you 're strong . 
 you can do it . 
 but i 'm not as strong as you . 
 i need you to do this for me . 
 i 've only gotten this far because of you , and i ca n't do it alone . '' 
 she paused as he stirred . 
 he remained silent . 
 `` i saw him . 
 morgan . 
 i almost could n't do it . 
 it would have been so easy to believe him again and to let him win . 
 i was n't strong enough to move on , but then i thought of you . 
 the only reason i could walk away from him was you . '' 
 she let out a weary sigh and leaned her head against his icy shoulder . 
 there was an oddment of warmth that she felt within him for an instant then wondered if she had merely imagined it . 
 she closed her eyes and thought to detect it again . 
 she was only greeted by his shivering and a radiating chill . 
 her exhaled breath seemed to hang between them as it contrasted the absolute cold which slowly devoured it . 
 as the adrenaline from the entire day began to run dry , madison was forced to concede to her own exhaustion . 
 her limbs felt thick and foreign . 
 the wound that had finally began to retreat from her consciousness was now screaming for her to lie still . 
 her shivering amplified its presence . 
 everything hurt with each breath , each tremble . 
 she held tight to skyler and wished away the past eight years and all the resulted strife . 
 was there ever really a hope for a normal life ? 
 her mind strayed again as she imagined everything was all right . 
 they were n't freezing in this random concrete enclosure . 
 they were n't alone without any chance of help coming to them . 
 they were gazing up at the stars on a clear summer night . 
 the steady sound of the rolling waves eased the painful ringing in her ears . 
 was it waves ? 
 she shifted and listened closer . 
 the rhythm reminded her of a train , but there were n't any trains on the beach . 
 she let the remembrance take her where it would . 
 chapter twenty-nine remembrance madison quietly hummed along with the song once she caught which one it was . 
 the party-goers up the beach had the radio playing loudly , but it was hindered some by the constant , salty breeze and repeated breaking of the waves . 
 she did n't mind the late night soiree . 
 their boisterous laughter and conversing echoed her own happiness . 
 she glanced at the small crowd as they mingled around a roaring bonfire . 
 `` we can go over there if you like , '' skyler lightly offered . 
 she shook her head and let it back against the windshield . 
 the view from the hood of his car was just fine , as always . 
 staring up at the bright stars , she mindlessly tapped her fingers on her tummy along with the beat . 
 the weight of the solitary diamond on her left hand was still new and instantly caught her attention with the movement . 
 skyler stirred and looked to her . 
 `` ok . 
 what is it ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` it 's a pretty night . '' 
 he studied her for a moment , tilted his head , and gave a smirk . 
 she returned his expression but could n't match it for long . 
 she soon broke into a full smile at his peering . 
 `` you 've been practically glowing all evening and have hardly said anything . '' 
 she shrugged and turned back to the endless sky . 
 `` am i boring you ? '' 
 she asked mockingly . 
 `` no , '' he grunted . 
 `` you 're making me nervous . '' 
 `` how am i making you nervous ? '' 
 she laughed . 
 he continued to stare at her . 
 `` i feel like you 're hiding something . '' 
 madison looked to him and gave a warmer smile . 
 `` you know i ca n't hide anything . 
 i have no secrets . '' 
 `` he asked you , did n't he ? '' 
 she did her best to hold still as he narrowed his sparkling eyes . 
 `` morgan finally proposed to you . '' 
 `` he did n't tell you ? '' 
 skyler snorted . 
 `` and neither did you ! '' 
 `` i could n't think of how to tell you , '' she quickly formed her defense . 
 `` i still do n't . '' 
 he lightened and chuckled at her return . 
 `` and what do you mean by finally ? '' 
 `` you two have been shacked up for a few months now . 
 i figured it was only a matter of time . 
 and congratulations , by the way . '' 
 madison shook her head once . 
 `` we 're not ` shacked up ' , it 's not like that . '' 
 he gave another unimpressed snort . 
 `` i 've been staying at his place , yes , but nothing more . 
 i have my own room , you know that . 
 has he said otherwise ? '' 
 `` no , '' he said . 
 `` he has n't said much . 
 he calls you a ` con with a conscience ' , but i 've never asked what that means . '' 
 she cringed at the reminded pet name . 
 it was a title she hated to be tagged with . 
 morgan used it jokingly , but she secretly felt sick each time he said it . 
 con . 
 it seemed harsh . 
 the people they targeted were n't exactly virtuous individuals . 
 but this was n't just about her conscience . 
 `` it 's more for a promise , '' she said . 
 he matched her quiet volume , `` to whom ? '' 
 biting her lip , she was slow to answer . 
 `` myself . '' 
 it came out sounding like a question . 
 there was nothing in response from skyler . 
 she looked out the corner of her eye and found him watching her with his assessing gaze . 
 she wondered what was going through his head . 
 she did n't investigate . 
 long ago , she had accepted that his thoughts would always be out of her reach . 
 for as well as he seemed to get her , she rarely understood him in return . 
 he was her comfortable intrigue . 
 a consenting smile formed on his face , and he leaned back folding his arms behind his head . 
 she could tell he was looking for more of an answer , but he was being polite , or maybe shy . 
 she matched his posture and let the silence lapse between them . 
 the sounds of the revelry up the beach washed around them as she reminded herself who she was sitting next to . 
 he was her best friend , her confidant . 
 `` i 'm all right with where i am , '' she offered without making him ask . 
 `` i know what i want out of life , and i know it takes time and effort to get there . 
 there are no quick fixes or instant happinesses . 
 one has to work hard to get where they want to be . '' 
 madison paused and glanced at skyler when she realized he had half turned to her . 
 `` you know as well as i do that people come and go . 
 there are very few who actually stay . 
 i 'd made a promise to myself not to piece myself out to those who are only passing through . 
 i do n't want to be a one-night stand or someone 's passing fling . 
 i want the whole picture . 
 i want someone to grow old with and to have a house and a family with . 
 i want to hold onto that family with all my strength and to know that they would do the same for me ... '' she stopped short when skyler 's hand closed around hers . 
 madison was easily comforted by the gesture . 
 it had n't changed since the first day of their meeting except for their hands now being bigger . 
 `` you will have the whole picture , '' he said quietly as he looked up at the starry heavens . 
 `` you deserve it . '' 
 there was something odd about his statement . 
 she did n't know if it was his tone or his words . 
 either way , it felt forced . 
 a glance at him did little to calm her worries . 
 she wondered if he was disappointed in her and if his thoughts on the matter were different from what he had spoken . 
 he had been her family for the past fourteen years and she loved him for it . 
 she hoped he knew that . 
 `` and just so you know , '' she said with some cheer , `` i told him it 's a package deal . '' 
 he shifted and looked at her , his brows raised in question . 
 `` you and i , '' she smirked . 
 `` i 'm not going anywhere without you . 
 unless , of course , you and jessica have plans . '' 
 `` a package deal , huh ? '' 
 his eyes told that he was n't down . 
 `` he agreed to the terms . '' 
 `` poor guy . 
 he has no idea what he 's getting into . '' 
 skyler adjusted his hold on her hand . 
 she could feel his finger press on the raised diamond as he examined the ring without actually looking at it . 
 `` and no , jessica and i do n't have any plans just yet . 
 she has another year of collage that she needs to concentrate on . '' 
 madison watched him as he went back to gazing at the stars . 
 they were all right . 
 she shifted her hand beneath his and interlaced their fingers . 
 `` so , what now ? '' 
 he drew a deep breath and gave her hand a playful squeeze . 
 `` it 's getting late , '' he started slowly , sounding tired . 
 `` i should probably get you back before you turn into a pumpkin . 
 besides , morgan will be looking for you . '' 
 `` he 's still out of town , '' she said with a sigh . 
 `` but it is late . 
 definitely past my bedtime . '' 
 `` so it 's just you in that great big house ? '' 
 `` uh-huh . '' 
 she recognized that he was catching onto her meaning . 
 `` do you want to come back to my apartment , or are we staying at your mansion ? '' 
 his tone was sarcastic , but she knew it was all in good humor . 
 `` i wo n't chase you out of your room again , so if we go to your place , i get the couch this time . 
 if we go to the house , you can use your room . 
 and it is your room , there 's no need to renew your lease in two months . '' 
 skyler let out a laugh and pulled her hand to him . 
 `` what am i going to do with you ? '' 
 he said as he sat up . 
 `` you sound just like morgan . '' 
 he slid off the hood and turned to help her down . 
 `` that means your coming over , right ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 but you have to go swimming when we get there . '' 
 she gave a frown as he walked her around the car . 
 `` you know i hate swimming , '' she tried to beg off . 
 `` you would force me back to the house and make me swim alone ? '' 
 madison made the mistake of looking at him as he countered her . 
 he had the big-eyed , wounded look to go along with his pleading . 
 she never could deny him when he pulled that one , and he knew it . 
 `` please ? '' 
 `` what if i sit out there while you swim ? 
 like last time . '' 
 she made a mental note not to fall asleep this time . 
 the last time she did , both her and skyler ended up staying the night in the poolside chairs . 
 morgan woke them by dumping them into the water . 
 they , of course , dragged him along , but it still was n't madison 's favorite wake-up call . 
 she could sit by the pool all day long , but she would do nearly anything to avoid getting in . 
 skyler gave a nod and jogged around to the other side of the car and hopped in with a smile . 
 `` i 'll take what i can get . '' 
 he 'd spend the entire night in the pool if he could sleep under water . 
 madison laughed to herself at his renewed vigor . 
 she wondered if he was half fish and had n't told her . 
 he turned the key in the ignition . 
 the usually quiet engine started rather noisily . 
 it felt smooth , but there was a harsh clattering to it . 
 skyler did n't seem to notice as he put the car in reverse and backed out of the parking space . 
 suddenly feeling a chill , madison shivered . 
 the air around them changed . 
 it was no longer salty and mixed with a hint of smoke from the bonfire . 
 it smelled cold and mossy . 
 as they headed out of the empty lot and for the busier street , she looked out the open window and up at the stars . 
 they were gone . 
 there was nothing but a black void . 
 not even a single light remained . 
 `` that 's strange , '' she murmured . 
 looking to skyler , she was startled to find he had changed as well . 
 he looked sickly , as if he were about to fall over . 
 she leaned closer and studied him . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 he glanced at her asking . 
 his expression was masked with shadows , but she thought it looked worn . 
 `` you need to wake up , '' he said in a tired voice . 
 she knew he was right , but she could n't remember why . 
 this place was so much warmer . 
 it felt happier . 
 at least it did at first . 
 now , it made her feel uneasy . 
 something was amiss . 
 she wanted to cling to the fleeting warmth when she noticed it began to fade . 
 turning back to the window , the void had claimed the bonfire and the party-goers around it . 
 the beach was gone , taking the glistening waves and white sand and palm trees with it . 
 the only sound was that of the choking car . 
 was it the car ? 
 there was an alarming dread that struck her . 
 it was hazy , but forceful . 
 it was for skyler . 
 her eyes immediately went to him . 
 he was asleep . 
 the car rolled aimlessly towards the crossing road with its fast moving traffic . 
 madison tried to call to him , to warn him of the coming danger , but her voice caught in her throat . 
 she reached for him in hopes to shake him from his unsafe slumber , but her hands could n't find him . 
 he was too far away . 
 she desperately went for the wheel and the emergency brake , but her numb fingers would n't grasp them , slipping feebly off their target . 
 it was hopeless . 
 she was powerless . 
 with another pained look at skyler , she recalled his words . 
 she needed to wake up . 
 all that remained here was disaster . 
 she wrenched her eyes away from her unconscious friend and closed them tightly and thrust her head back against the seat . 
 chapter thirty redeeming ticket it took a moment for her eyes to focus when she opened them again . 
 dim daylight filled the concrete room around her . 
 madison 's head felt thick and heavy as she tried to move . 
 she was cold , but a good cold , not freezing . 
 her body was sluggish to respond when she thought to rub at her dry eyes . 
 reality slammed into her like a burning brick wall . 
 she instantly broke through the fog and reached for skyler . 
 he was completely still as he lay in her arms . 
 her hand went to his chest . 
 she felt warmth beneath her palm and his heart beating steadily . 
 relief flooded her as she watched her hand move with the rise and fall of his chest at each breath . 
 madison took in every detail at the sight of him . 
 his head rested on her arm , his black eye to her . 
 she could plainly see the white scar that ran diagonally across his chest from the ambush at the factory on the outskirts of miami . 
 there were more dark bruises on his arms , shoulders , and chest that matched his face . 
 what was left of her broken heart crumbled for him . 
 she leaned her head against his neck and wrapped her free arm around him . 
 he stirred at her movement . 
 the sound of him taking in a deep breath was interrupted with a groan . 
 madison eased her hold on him as he tensed up and slowly rolled onto his back . 
 `` you 're all right , '' she tried to comfort him when he winced . 
 his eyes were slow to open as he blinked heavily and repeatedly . 
 but when they finally did open , and he looked to her , their blue reminded her of the summer skies over the shores back in miami . 
 she smiled involuntarily for the sheer happiness to know he had n't froze to death when she failed to keep him awake . 
 everything was going to be just fine . 
 skyler began to rub at his arms . 
 madison gently shifted both blankets onto him to block the cold air from getting to him . 
 she hurt to remember how violently he had shivered during the night . 
 she was afraid of him starting again . 
 yes , he was now dried , but he was n't ideally dressed for the surrounding environment , clad only in his socks and boxers . 
 he closed his eyes again and held to his left wrist . 
 `` what time is it ? '' 
 madison shook her head and guided his arms back under the cover of the blankets . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 but we 're safe here and you should rest . 
 do n't push yourself . '' 
 `` not yet , '' he grunted as he sat up . 
 `` we have to go . '' 
 skyler fumbled some as he staggered to his feet . 
 the blankets fell to the ground beside madison . 
 she could only stare in confusion as he took his coat and picked through it until he found his watch . 
 he muttered something under his breath and slipped it onto his wrist , the latching clasp sounding loudly in the cold and silent enclosure . 
 he let the coat drop and shuffled to the pile of his clothes . 
 he was slower to pick them up , his hand clutching at his side where a blotchy bruise reached from low on his chest to his hip . 
 his motions halted and he stood there with his other hand holding loosely to the rumpled slacks . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 she questioned as she nervously approached him . 
 skyler turned to her and gave a stiff nod . 
 `` we have to go . 
 i was still too long . 
 it 'll get better once i move around some more . '' 
 he struggled to step into his pants , so madison got under his arm and steadied him . 
 she quickly gathered his shirt and shook it out , trying to chase away the damp wrinkles . 
 most of them remained . 
 she passed it to him , cringing when he winced as he pulled it to his shoulders . 
 he buttoned it up , then ran his hands down the front of his shirt as if he hoped to smooth it out . 
 madison studied him for a breath before wrapping her arms around his waist and cautiously hugging him . 
 she hated to see him like this . 
 he was obviously hurting and there was nothing she could do for him . 
 she gazed up at him when he took hold of her shoulders . 
 skyler 's hands slid down her arms and pulled them from around himself , then stepped back . 
 `` skyler ? '' 
 `` not yet , '' he interrupted . 
 `` we 're not out of this yet . '' 
 that was n't what she was getting at . 
 she was worried about him . 
 even so , she let him turn away and gather the suits and blankets . 
 she helped him stuff them into the bag . 
 one of the two tanks was left out because of it not fitting . 
 `` they would have gotten the truck out by now and will be searching the area , '' he started to explain in a hushed tone . 
 `` we 're lucky no one has found us yet . 
 but we need to get out of here and keep moving . 
 we 've stayed too long as it is . '' 
 skyler sounded frustrated . 
 `` what about that detective ? 
 payne ? 
 wo n't he help ? '' 
 the look on his face started as one of puzzlement , then faded to doubt . 
 he shook his head once . 
 `` he thinks he can . 
 i hoped he could . 
 but he 's only interested in catching morgan . 
 i agreed to try his plan when it was just me , but things have changed , and he does n't know morgan like i do . '' 
 he was doing this because of her . 
 she fought back a frown . 
 she wondered how long he was going to last especially if he was planning on running for any part of the day . 
 the last thing he needed was to be rushed about . 
 madison helped him into his coat and did n't voice her concerns . 
 he caught her hand when she shifted to gather her own coat . 
 she eyed him as he turned her arm and inspected the sleeve . 
 he looked troubled . 
 `` are you hurt ? '' 
 she followed his stare and found blood stains on her sleeve . 
 she did n't recall getting cut , and she quickly pulled the sleeve up to check her arm . 
 nothing . 
 shaking her head , she looked to skyler and found the source of the stain . 
 it was his cheek . 
 she lowered her head and rubbed pointlessly at the spots . 
 `` it 's yours . '' 
 he touched her arm and bowed his head . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 what did he have to be sorry for ? 
 she gaped at him . 
 she could n't think of anything to say or do that would pull him out of his unnecessary moping . 
 `` come on , '' he said despondently as he hefted the overstuffed bag to his shoulder . 
 `` we need to hurry . '' 
 madison took hold of the air tank when she caught onto his intent . 
 he had already weighed himself down with the bag and was about to pick up the left over tank . 
 `` i 've got it , '' she murmured and scooted it out of his reach . 
 `` it 's heavy . 
 are you sure ? '' 
 `` i 've got it . '' 
 it was heavier than she thought , but she did n't want him lugging it around and adding to his burden . 
 she forced a weak smile when he continued to look at her . 
 skyler finally lowered his eyes and gestured for her to follow him . 
 he led the way , taking a hall that was nearly hidden in the towering concrete room . 
 it was narrow and dark and smelled damp . 
 the large bag rubbed against the walls a few times . 
 he did n't seem to try to avoid them . 
 it was n't long before they came to a flight of metal stairs . 
 skyler paused at the first step . 
 he shifted his weight gingerly . 
 madison remembered his limp . 
 she adjusted her hold on the tank she carried and freed one hand . 
 she then reached up and pressed it against the bottom of the bag on his shoulder . 
 `` thank you , '' he puffed without looking back . 
 they were a little more than halfway up when he paused again . 
 madison stopped behind him , maintaining her support on the bag . 
 he tilted his head from what she could see in the poorly lit stairwell . 
 she listened closer when she heard what had caught his attention . 
 it was the rhythmic clattering she had heard in the night . 
 it was a train . 
 skyler took the stairs more quickly when he started again . 
 he grunted with each step . 
 madison tried to stay with him and help with the heavy bag , but she was n't keeping up well enough . 
 `` come on , '' he panted . 
 `` we 've got to hurry . '' 
 she tried to pick up her pace . 
 `` right behind you . '' 
 the stout door at the top of the stairs opened the second time skyler rammed it . 
 he peered out for a few moments as the loud racket of the passing train blared around them . 
 `` let 's go ! '' 
 he shouted after he scanned the area . 
 they ran along side the tracks and kept even with one of the cargo cars . 
 skyler gave the bag a sloppy toss . 
 it landed solidly on the platform at the back of the car . 
 he waved at madison to hurry up next to him , `` hop on ! '' 
 she followed his direction as best she could . 
 it was cumbersome with the tank throwing off her balance . 
 she tried holding it under one arm after hitting her knee on it twice . 
 the adjustment made her lopsided , but it was actually easier . 
 with one hand grasping the railing of car , she looked up and noticed the bridge narrowed a short distance ahead . 
 the gravel shoulder dropped away where the tracks stretched over the width of the river . 
 she then understood skyler 's urgency . 
 turning her concentration back to the rail car , madison edged closer in hopes of finding a simple way to climb on . 
 she had seen people do it in movies , and they made it look like it was nothing at all . 
 it reminded her of when she was a kid playing on the playground , trying to jump on an already speeding merry-go-round . 
 one has to defy gravity . 
 she respected gravity . 
 she feared gravity at this point unable to ignore the terrifyingly accessible wheels of the train cars . 
 her hesitation cost her when she second-guessed the distance as she tried to hop up to the platform . 
 she lost her footing and tripped in the gravel . 
 panic rose within her . 
 she tumbled away from the deafening wheels and took skyler down with her . 
 they both scrambled to get back up , dragging one another along the way . 
 madison let go of the tank to keep from skidding on her face . 
 `` no ! '' 
 she made a frantic reach for it as it fell away from her . 
 it rolled down the slope of the rocky embankment . 
 `` forget it , '' skyler growled and pulled her back to her feet . 
 `` out of time ! '' 
 he kept a death-grip on the collaring of her coat as they caught back up to the car . 
 madison climbed up quickly with his rushed assistance . 
 he was on the platform as soon as she cleared the top step . 
 she scolded herself for the foolish clumsiness as she watched the tank splash into the river at its icy bank . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she muttered when she realized skyler , too , was watching it . 
 he did n't blink or look away from the sight of the dropped breadcrumb . 
 `` do n't worry about it . 
 it was my fault . '' 
 madison spent the duration of the wordless ride replaying the misstep that she should have avoided . 
 she should have put the tank on the platform instead of trying to climb with it in her hands . 
 she should have moved faster ; she would have been able to catch it before it slipped out of her reach . 
 most of all , she should n't have fallen asleep . 
 she tentatively looked to skyler at his continued silence . 
 his gaze was fixed on the fallen tank . 
 it was long gone and out of sight , but his scowl in its direction made her think he could make it disintegrate into nothing with the power of his will . 
 she wished it were so . 
 she wished they could undo the one mistake that could get them caught . 
 her mistake . 
 chapter thirty-one what 's in a picture ? 
 time passed unnoticed by madison as the train clattered along the tracks . 
 the city moved by at an unknown speed . 
 she did n't try to decipher where they were . 
 skyler 's dark presence had seeped into her own existence and left an imbrued shadow she could n't shake . 
 she honestly did n't try too hard to loose it . 
 she more or less surrendered to it . 
 her long , brown curls whipped her face as they writhed unhindered in the winter wind . 
 she stared blankly at the grooved metal platform at her feet . 
 as far as she could tell , skyler kept up his depressing watch . 
 his hand came lightly to her shoulder . 
 she shifted to look up at him . 
 he did n't meet her eyes as he peered around . 
 the car rocked as the train began to lose momentum . 
 `` this is our stop , '' he said in a hushed tone , as if to avoid being overheard . 
 she glanced about the area and saw no one . 
 they were in a train yard , surrounded by nothing but row after row of cargo cars . 
 skyler reached around madison to pick up the bag and put it on his shoulder . 
 once it was balanced , he peeked around it and finally looked at her . 
 he gave a tired smile , but it was only for a moment . 
 his attention turned back to the ground below the decelerating car , and he gestured for her to follow . 
 he stepped off the platform and hit the ground running . 
 `` come on , '' he encouraged as he dropped the bag and jogged alongside the car . 
 he extended his arms as if to catch her . 
 she thought to deny his help because he had already done so much and kept the repercussions to himself . 
 she took a meek jump with the aim to land on her own , but he was already there , effortlessly catching her and easing her landing . 
 as soon as her footing was solid , skyler turned and went back for the bag . 
 he swung it to his shoulder again and followed along the track as the remaining cars of the train rattled on in the opposite direction . 
 the last one rolled by , and he looked over his shoulder as if to check whether madison was keeping up . 
 he slowed his pace until she caught up , then led the way across the tracks and through the train yard . 
 she stayed close to his side as he made his way towards the station . 
 they passed a few people when they came closer to the grand stone and brick building , but none of them paid any notice as they strode by . 
 skyler tugged open one of the many sets of double doors and ushered her inside . 
 everything felt dwarfed by the high glass ceiling and the massive pillars that reached up to it . 
 the station was bustling with activity . 
 there were people in every direction madison looked . 
 the music playing over the loud speaker was nearly lost in the cacophony of jumbled conversations and announcements . 
 skyler 's hand came under her elbow . 
 he guided her through a portion of the crowd and into a gift shop . 
 she watched him as he maneuvered the bulky , black bag around stands and displays of novelties and post cards . 
 he stopped at a magazine rack and picked a newspaper , passing it directly to her without even glancing at the headlines . 
 next was the snack bar where he snatched up a package of crackers and a few granola bars . 
 he then took two bottles of water from the small ice box beside the register and set all the collected goods on the counter . 
 the small framed brunette behind the counter eyed skyler as she rang up his total . 
 madison could tell that the collage-aged girl was staring at the bruises on his face . 
 she also knew he had n't actually seen for himself how rough he looked . 
 when he caught on to the girl 's fascination , he appeared to turn a little self-conscious . 
 he glanced over to madison with an expression of nervousness and shyness . 
 she pointed at her eye and mouthed , `` your black eye , '' then gave a quick frown . 
 `` will that be all ? '' 
 the cashier asked . 
 `` um , '' he stalled as he was slow to look to her . 
 skyler shuffled back from the counter and plucked an i-love-chicago hat from a souvenir stand and passed it to the counter . 
 he waited for her to scan it and held his hand out to take it . 
 after popping the tag off , he put the hat on and nodded to the cashier with a smile , `` jaywalking is dangerous . '' 
 he pulled the bill of the hat low and took out his wallet . 
 skyler handed the cashier a credit card which she promptly swiped and glanced at him with an obviously forced smile . 
 madison took the plastic bag as he signed the receipt . 
 he did n't sign his name , but she could n't make out what he jotted on the dotted line . 
 `` stay in the crosswalks and pay attention to the signs , '' the cashier said as she exchanged receipts with him . 
 `` thank you , '' he smiled widely with a tilt of his head . 
 `` i 'll do that . '' 
 back out in the teeming horde of travelers , skyler once again led the way . 
 he kept a soft hold on madison 's arm as he wove through the shifting crowd and to a pay phone . 
 he chose one with the least amount of observers and pulled out the credit card . 
 he put it in the designated slot on the phone and picked up the handset . 
 the number was dialed too quickly for madison to catch what it was . 
 with the phone balanced between his ear and shoulder , he reached into the plastic bag and took one of the bottles of water . 
 he then set the sack on the plump bag and turned to madison . 
 `` here , '' he pressed the cold bottle into her palm , `` this will make your hands feel better . '' 
 not following his meaning , she peered at him . 
 before she could question him , he leaned into the narrow booth and was speaking with his hand cupped over the mouthpiece . 
 his words were low and muffled , and she did n't try to make out what he was saying . 
 madison glanced at her hands . 
 her palms were scraped up . 
 it took her a second to recall why . 
 it was from her fall in the gravel when she dropped the tank . 
 they had n't even hurt . 
 she let out a weary sigh and turned the bottle in her hands , cleaning the grime from her palms with the sweat from the cold water . 
 the gloomy shadow grew within her . 
 here , skyler looked like he had been hit by the train , and he was more worried about her skinned hands . 
 she wondered if she could ever undo all the trouble she had caused him . 
 she wondered even more why he still stuck with her . 
 `` yes , thank you . 
 i 'll wait . '' 
 skyler shifted back from the booth . 
 he kept the phone on his ear , but he held it loosely and gazed around the mass of people turning about in the station . 
 he tugged the bill of his hat lower and pinched the bridge of his nose . 
 madison tried to stay out of his way by sitting on the bench beside the booth . 
 her feet straddled the bag beneath it . 
 she was mindlessly watching the parade of strangers when skyler freed the newspaper from the sack and handed it to her . 
 she shook her head , `` i do n't really want to ... '' `` please ? '' 
 he softly insisted , holding it up in front of her face . 
 she caught on . 
 he meant for her to hide behind it . 
 with a consenting nod , she held onto the paper , but without reading it . 
 she closed her eyes and let the drone of the surrounding activity toy with her concentration . 
 `` i 'm here . '' 
 skyler turned back to the booth and lowered his voice again . 
 he was n't saying as much this time , so madison assumed he was doing more listening . 
 after a short time , a familiar voice came through the noise and called for her attention . 
 she let one corner of the paper fall back and peered over it . 
 the voice led to a person she would never be able to speak to again . 
 there a few rows away was bradley and his two kids . 
 evelyn and jeremy were bundled up and had duffle bags in their hands for a trip . 
 bradley stood between them with his hand on evelyn 's head . 
 he did n't seem to have any luggage with him . 
 they each looked a different shade of miserable . 
 `` i do n't want to go ! '' 
 the little blonde-haired girl pouted with a stamp of her foot . 
 bradley pulled her sock cap over her eyes and cut off her protest . 
 `` we 've already settled this , dear . 
 your mom wants to see you two , and she has a fun week planned . 
 it 'll be over before you know it . '' 
 `` if she does n't forget us at the station again , '' jeremy said snidely . 
 `` she wo n't . 
 she bought the tickets . 
 she knows you 're coming . '' 
 bradley gave his son a warning look . 
 the tall boy did n't change . 
 `` if she does , i 'll drive there and pick you up . '' 
 `` why ca n't you come with us ? '' 
 evelyn chimed . 
 bradley knelt beside his daughter and pulled her to him . 
 madison could n't hear what he told her , but she noticed how tired he looked as he reasoned with the kids . 
 whatever he said gained smiles from the two , and he playfully poked at them both . 
 skyler shifted next to her and she glanced up at him . 
 he , too , was watching the small family . 
 his eyes dropped to madison 's before quickly diverting to the booth once again . 
 in the brief moment that she met his eyes , she found them to be full of regret . 
 he leaned in closer to the divider as if to avoid her scrutiny . 
 `` look after you sister . '' 
 bradley was standing again , straightening jeremy 's coat . 
 `` and be nice to nick . '' 
 `` nate , '' the smirking red-head voiced . 
 evelyn giggled her adorable giggle . 
 `` right , nate , '' bradley bobbed his head . 
 `` be nice to nate . 
 you 're mom likes him . '' 
 `` do you like him ? '' 
 he turned to the squirming girl , `` i 've never met him . 
 but i 'm sure he 's a great guy . '' 
 jeremy tugged his dad 's sleeve , `` who 's a great guy ? '' 
 `` nick , '' bradley answered . 
 `` nate , '' he shook his head . 
 `` nate 's a great guy . '' 
 the kids laughed . 
 `` i 'm going to call him nick , '' evelyn said . 
 `` no you 're not . 
 and do n't tell your mom i did . '' 
 madison smiled at the three as they took turns cheering one another up . 
 she wanted to run over and give them all a hug . 
 she wanted to see their smiles up close . 
 instead , she watched from her distance as they held each other 's hand and walked through the doors and to a waiting train . 
 her gaze went to skyler to check what he was doing . 
 he was again studying bradley 's family . 
 they had already disappeared through the double doors , but he kept up his watch in their direction . 
 `` yeah , i 'm still here , '' he muttered and turned back to the booth . 
 she observed skyler as he continued his confidential conversation . 
 he was looking more and more worn by the minute . 
 his head was bowed as he shifted his weight to favor one leg . 
 he closed his eyes , `` i know it 's short notice . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 the muscles in his jaw told of him clinching his teeth . 
 `` i 'll wait , '' he sighed . 
 he stooped down and tapped the earpiece of the phone on his forehead for a second or two before looking to madison . 
 with a shake of his head , he bit his lip , then immediately released it with a grimace . 
 he must have forgotten about the bloodied lip and was reminded of it by the fretful habit . 
 without any idea of how to help , she humbly held the water bottle up for him . 
 skyler shook his head and put the phone to his ear . 
 he listened for a moment before bowing his head . 
 madison leaned back against the wall behind her and let her eyes wander across the station . 
 when she looked towards the back doors , it was just in time to see bradley step inside . 
 the usually tall man seemed to stand without his full height . 
 he made his way across the station until he came to the place she had first seen him with the kids . 
 there he slowly took a seat on a bench with his shoulders hunched . 
 though it felt as if her heart could n't break anymore , it did . 
 he looked heavy-hearted , and there was nothing for it . 
 all she could do was watch and wish . 
 neither would amount to anything . 
 as she accepted that all was lost , skyler knelt in front of her . 
 he studied her with his own sad gaze and pet her arm . 
 his eyes closed for a moment as he adjusted his grasp on the phone , `` could you hold on ? 
 i need a second . '' 
 with his next breath , he shifted closer to her and nodded towards bradley . 
 `` do you want to go with him ? '' 
 after all he had gone through to get them away from morgan , what would her staying in chicago accomplish ? 
 would n't it undo all he had just done ? 
 she gaped at him for his asking . 
 skyler must have read her thoughts . 
 `` if that is what you want , i can make it work . 
 i 'll go to morgan and make a deal . 
 i can ... '' `` no , '' she broke in , `` i wo n't let you do that . 
 i ca n't stay ... '' `` if you want ... '' `` enough ! '' 
 she did n't mean to shout , but that 's how it came out . 
 skyler steadied at her decree and went silent . 
 she glanced around to see if her raised voice carried . 
 bradley was no longer on the bench . 
 her chest tightened as she desperately surveyed the station for him . 
 she found him nearing the front doors . 
 he went to them and left without looking back . 
 turning to skyler , she took his hand from her arm and moved to explain . 
 `` i 'm sorry , it 's not like that ... '' his expression darkened , and he shook his head . 
 she thought for a moment that he was about yell back at her , but he only returned to whomever was on the phone . 
 `` go ahead . 
 if that 's what needs to be done . '' 
 he passed her hand to her knee and shifted to the narrow booth . 
 madison put her head in her hands and hated herself for speaking to him like that . 
 she did n't want to go with bradley . 
 yes , she cared for him , but not like she did skyler . 
 she loved skyler and she did n't want to leave him again . 
 that knowledge ricocheted in her head , and she had to ponder if he was hinting at her leaving . 
 did he want her to go ? 
 chapter thirty-two faran it might have been ten minutes . 
 it might have been thirty . 
 either way , madison lost herself in her own self-pity for a time . 
 there was n't anything she could do for bradley . 
 there was even less she could to for skyler . 
 one did n't know she wanted to comfort him . 
 the other did n't seem to care . 
 so she stared at the glossy marble floor and did her best not to guess what would happen next . 
 she had noticed skyler gently hang up the phone and sit beside her . 
 he said nothing . 
 he did nothing . 
 he simply filled the space next to her . 
 she did n't ask how things were faring , and neither did he volunteer an update . 
 after the lengthy continuum of blank existence , skyler leaned over and fussed with something at his ankle . 
 when he sat up , he had something in his hand . 
 `` you should hold onto this . '' 
 he half turned to madison and held it out to her . 
 `` it was yours to keep track of . '' 
 she took it from him wordlessly . 
 it was a long , leather band with some sort of charm , victor 's collar . 
 she ran the strap through her fingers until the charm caught . 
 it was a simple thing , a plain item , the diamond with a shiny metallic coil encasing it . 
 for such a priceless piece she only wanted to drop it in the nearest trashcan . 
 it was a stupid rock , a pointless trinket . 
 it was n't worth this mess . 
 skyler made a quick gesture beside her and caught her eye . 
 he had flicked his credit card onto the floor at a kid 's feet . 
 `` hey , '' he called to the kid and waited for him to pull out his earphones . 
 `` you dropped your card . '' 
 the fuzzy faced boy looked at him with a sneer . 
 `` what 'd you say ? '' 
 he pointed at the platinum card , `` you dropped your card . '' 
 following his given direction , the kid knelt down and picked it up . 
 he gazed at it for a moment , then nodded , `` yeah . '' 
 he did n't stick around , but quickly stuffed it in his pocket and disappeared in the churning crowd . 
 `` we should go , '' skyler said . 
 he stood slowly , as if he was afraid he 'd bump his head on a low ceiling that was n't there . 
 madison took the sack and tried to stand with the bag , but it did n't lift as easily as she had expected . 
 skyler reached for it , and she readily surrendered it to him . 
 he led the way again . 
 going to a set of the double doors at the front of the station , he pushed one open and held it for madison . 
 she ducked under his arm and squinted as they ventured out into the bright sunlight . 
 a strong , cold breeze struck her as she moved aside and waited for him to go ahead of her . 
 sheets of paper and leaves blew wildly across her path and danced skyward in the valley between the towering buildings . 
 the sound of traffic waiting in the street and the smell of their exhaust filled the air . 
 he ushered her behind a group of people who were gathered along the curb . 
 the clusters waved and whistled at the taxis that came up the street . 
 she and skyler stood a short distance behind the small crowd . 
 he kept his eyes low , and she wondered how far he had planned in advance . 
 it was n't long before he nudged her and started up the sidewalk again . 
 madison trailed behind him then paused when a black suv pulled up beside him . 
 it looked too much like the ones morgan had sent after them . 
 she shrunk back . 
 had he already found them ? 
 after opening the side door and tossing the bag inside on the floor , skyler looked back at her with a frown . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 she eyed the vehicle and edged toward it . 
 there were differences that did n't do well to settle her . 
 it was a newer model and in much better shape , but she still felt uneasy about it . 
 coming next to skyler , she peered into the dark suv . 
 the smiling face behind the wheel demolished her fears . 
 `` chase ! '' 
 `` get in . 
 we need to go , '' skyler said in a cold tone . 
 `` you have no idea how good it is to see you ! '' 
 she ignored the dreary figure beside her and climbed into the denali . 
 chase turned around and beamed . 
 `` you too ! 
 are you all right ? '' 
 `` get to the back , '' skyler growled before she could answer . 
 she was about to sit in the seat behind the driver . 
 `` get in the back and stay down . '' 
 she did as he said and made her way to the far back seat . 
 `` dude , '' chase 's voice came with concern , `` what happened to your ... '' the door slammed and cut him off . 
 madison watched between the seats as skyler got into the floor behind the front passenger seat . 
 chase twisted around to look at him . 
 `` what happened ? 
 are you all right ? '' 
 he tugged his hat even lower . 
 `` i 'll be better once we 're out of here . '' 
 `` got it . '' 
 chase turned to the wheel and put the truck in drive . 
 `` i can do that . '' 
 `` are you sure you were n't followed ? '' 
 skyler peeked over the seats and gazed out the back window . 
 chase nodded and pulled out into traffic . 
 `` as far as i can tell , we 're free and clear . '' 
 there was a cheer in his voice that madison appreciated . 
 who could grump around chase ? 
 `` it 's still too early to say that . '' 
 skyler could grump around him . 
 there was n't a reply from the smiling driver . 
 he reached over and turned up the radio instead of entertaining his passenger any longer . 
 madison had n't even noticed it was on in the first place , but it now filled the uncomfortable lag within the denali . 
 they traveled a few blocks before she caught skyler 's eye . 
 he let off staring out the rear window and sank back into the floor . 
 `` thanks for picking us up , '' he muttered as he hung his head . 
 chase shrugged . 
 `` no problem . '' 
 lying on her back , madison watched out the side window above her head . 
 she was content gazing at the glistening buildings as they zipped by . 
 this might be the last time she got to see her beautiful city , and she did n't want to miss a moment of it . 
 the blue sky at the tops of the towers reflected on their vast windows and told her that the world still turned despite the upsets in her own small piece of it . 
 when they reached the freeway , the buildings were replaced with street lamps . 
 they were n't at all captivating . 
 it was quite warm in the truck , so she sat up , shrugged out of her coat , and looked around . 
 skyler had his head in the seat in front of him with his arms hiding his face . 
 she eased down to the floor between the middle row . 
 with a careful movement , she pinched the bill of his hat and took it off . 
 he did n't stir . 
 his black hair was ruffled and messy . 
 she thought to straighten it , but decided against it . 
 `` i think he 's asleep , '' chase said quietly . 
 madison looked up at him and smile . 
 `` i hope so . '' 
 she set the hat in the other seat and studied her unmoving friend . 
 it was a comfort to see him relax enough to sleep . 
 she wished for it to be restful . 
 `` we 're almost there , '' chase said without glancing back at her . 
 she nodded . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 `` the marina . 
 the yacht should be ready by now . '' 
 she frowned , `` oh . '' 
 many of her nightmares took place on boats . 
 so , sure , why would n't she end the terrifying ordeal with a boat ride ? 
 seemed fitting . 
 shaking her head , she put all the unnerving images out of her mind and looked to skyler . 
 he was peeking at her from the shelter of his stacked arms . 
 madison offered a smile . 
 he turned his face to the door and hid it once again . 
 a short time later , they came to an area where the denali slowed to a near crawl as chase passed through a manned gate and then over a series of speed humps . 
 after several twists and turns , he pulled the suv into a space and put it in park . 
 `` i 'll be right back , '' he announced and hopped out before either could protest . 
 taking their accomplished destination as an excuse , madison scooted closer to skyler and tugged his sleeve . 
 `` are you hanging in there ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 he drew a deep breath and held it for a count . 
 `` i know you hate boats , i 'm sorry , '' he said with a moan . 
 `` i tried to find another way , but this was all i could get on short notice . '' 
 `` i 'll be fine . '' 
 she stroked his hair . 
 `` everything is going to be just fine . '' 
 skyler came out of his personal fort and grimaced as he sat up . 
 `` i do n't know , '' he shook his head . 
 she took his lax hand and held to it as he continued with his self-doubt . 
 `` you 'll see , '' she leaned in with a warm smile . 
 he only let out a sigh and put his head against the back of the seat with his eyes closed . 
 it was a few minutes before chase reappeared . 
 he reached in the front and shut off the denali then opened the back door and looked to skyler . 
 `` the crew has everything set up . 
 are you sure we can do this on our own ? 
 you do n't want me to keep a few of them aboard to help out ? '' 
 skyler shook his head slowly , `` the fewer involved , the better . 
 she is n't too big . 
 we can handle her on our own . '' 
 `` who is n't too big ? '' 
 madison voiced the question without thinking . 
 she meant to keep it to herself . 
 both of the guys turned to her at the mumbled asking . 
 chase smirked . 
 `` fallon faran . 
 she 's a big gal , but your friend here thinks he can manage her all by his lonesome . '' 
 `` i could if it came down to it , but i thought you said you knew how to run a yacht . '' 
 `` i do . 
 i 've never taken her out by myself , though . 
 how bad can it be ? '' 
 chase gave skyler a lazy shrug and hefted the bag out of the denali . 
 `` and you ca n't do it on your own . 
 faran needs two men at the very least to keep her in line . '' 
 they followed him down the sidewalk and on to a boardwalk . 
 chase kept to a brisk pace with a bounce in his step even with the swollen bag over his shoulder . 
 `` tell me this , lone ranger , '' he spun around to skyler . 
 `` have you ever traversed the locks before ? '' 
 `` not here , no , '' he said , keeping his eyes on his feet . 
 `` no worries , my friend . 
 i have . 
 we 've got this . '' 
 he went on his way , whistling a random tune as he marched towards the vessel . 
 madison kept to the middle of the boardwalk . 
 she could feel both chase 's and skyler 's strides vibrate through the planks . 
 it reminded her with each step that she was over water of an untold depth . 
 her eyes strayed from time to time to the boats of many shapes and sizes that lined the floating path from little rowboats up to massive sailing yachts . 
 ducks and gulls scurried between the crafts , squawking and barking unceasingly . 
 an older couple came down the boardwalk . 
 the woman was clutching a small wicker picnic basket . 
 chase slipped by them like they were n't even there . 
 neither he nor they missed a step . 
 skyler paused and looked back to madison as if he sensed her unease at the suddenly crowded pathway . 
 she was grateful for him to hold his arm out and shield her from the edge as she came to his side . 
 the couple moved by , still smiling at one another . 
 they gave a simple nod in acknowledgment of the brief meeting which skyler returned . 
 after they passed , skyler put his hands back in his pockets and resumed staring at his feet . 
 `` welcome aboard our dear ` lady of the lake , fallon faran ' . '' 
 chase made a grand gesture toward the selected vessel and saluted skyler and madison as they approached . 
 `` wow , chase , it 's a pretty boat , '' madison stuttered over the compliment . 
 `` thank you , ms. madison . 
 pray you refer to me as ` capt. chase ' . 
 and the faran is a yacht . 
 she would weep to know you regarded her as a mere boat . '' 
 skyler went on , completely ignoring the light-hearted exchange . 
 `` did they have time to stock her ? '' 
 chase 's smile never faded . 
 `` of course they did , my good sir . 
 but i still recommend we stop off in st. louis and customize the pantries a bit . '' 
 the first impression madison got of the craft was that she was of notable size . 
 there was nothing congested or small about her . 
 they boarded at the sun deck . 
 there was another small deck above and a larger one below . 
 the golden wood decks and brilliant white walls were all well polished and shimmered in the sunlight . 
 `` and if you would come with me , '' chase bowed and motioned for her to follow , `` i 'll show you to your quarters . '' 
 skyler excused himself and climbed the steps to the upper deck . 
 `` i 'll get us out of the marina . '' 
 the lower deck opened right up into a full-sized kitchen with a dining table built into the corner . 
 it was bright with enormous windows framed by floor-length curtains . 
 the walls were also white with the dark blue upholstery and decor . 
 rounding the island of cabinets , chase went on down a hall that had mooring lines and carved wooden seabirds hanging on the walls . 
 `` the bathroom is straight ahead , '' he waved his hand in its direction . 
 `` this will be your room , '' he paused just past an open doorway . 
 `` it should have everything you need . 
 i sent all of tabatha 's stuff i could find at the house . 
 it 'll hold you over until we find a place skyler is willing to stop at . '' 
 he gave a shrug and nodded across the hall . 
 `` that 's my room if you need something . 
 there 's a bunch of cds and books if you get bored . '' 
 `` are there any tricks to the shower i should know about ? '' 
 she thought of the multi-headed one from their apartment and hoped to avoid another mishap . 
 he scratched his head and scrunched his face in thought . 
 `` nah , i do n't think so . 
 we just had the kitchen and bath updated , so they should be pretty simple . '' 
 `` is it all right if i use it ? 
 take a shower now ? 
 or do i need to wait until later ? '' 
 `` whatever floats your boat , '' he smiled a cheesy smile . 
 madison let herself lighten at his joking . 
 `` the only rules on the faran is to relax and enjoy yourself . 
 now , if you no longer need my assistance , '' he bowed his head , `` i need to go make sure our friend is aware of these rules . '' 
 the rectangular room was more to her liking once she closed the blind over the one round window . 
 the rhythmic swaying to and fro would n't let her forget she was on a boat , but blocking out the waterfront scenery helped . 
 madison found an assortment of clothes in a wooden trunk at the foot of the full-sized bed . 
 she sorted through it and examined each piece . 
 it did n't take long for her to settle on a simple sweater and blue jeans . 
 she was going for comfort . 
 it felt like a tall order at this point . 
 after a refreshing shower , she ended up standing in the middle of the kitchen with nothing to do . 
 she felt very much alone as she gazed at the empty room around her . 
 it was n't that it was a bland room . 
 it actually looked like a petite gourmet kitchen out of a magazine . 
 but it felt lifeless . 
 there were no happy memories in this place . 
 it was another temporary holding . 
 refusing to give into the lost feeling that was growing within her , she got right to work putting together a meal . 
 they all needed to eat , and that meant they would all converge in that kitchen and give it life . 
 she needed that ; a moment of normality in the madness . 
 chapter thirty-three proven steadfast as always , chase came in with perfect timing . 
 madison had just put the finishing touches on the spaghetti sauce and was rinsing the noodles when he hopped down the stairs . 
 `` i smell dinner ! '' 
 she laughed at his enduring sunniness and nodded at the pot . 
 `` help yourself , it 's ready . '' 
 steam wafted upward as he lifted the lid . 
 `` are those meatballs ? '' 
 closing his eyes , he leaned in and inhaled noisily . 
 `` yep . '' 
 madison filled a squared plate with the spaghetti and passed it to him . 
 `` hope you 're hungry . '' 
 `` famished ! '' 
 she watched him pile on the sauce and chase a few meatballs around in the deep pot . 
 `` is skyler going to come down or should i go tell him it 's ready ? '' 
 `` do n't worry about it . '' 
 he popped a meatball in his mouth and turned to the stairs . 
 `` i 'll get him . '' 
 the sound of chase 's hurried steps faded as madison filled another plate and carried the two to the table . 
 she was working on the third when he padded back down the stairs . 
 `` i 'll just take him a plate . '' 
 he reached for the dish in her hands . 
 `` he does n't want to come down ? '' 
 chases bobbed his head . 
 `` he 's not ready to slow down yet , much less stop . 
 eat on the go , i guess . '' 
 she let him take the plate from her . 
 `` could we all eat up there ? '' 
 she was really looking forward to sitting down with them , especially skyler . 
 `` another time . 
 i 'll pull him away from the wheel before too much longer . '' 
 he grew serious for a breath . 
 `` i think we should let him have this one . '' 
 knowing chase was right , she swallowed her frown and pulled a can of soda from the fridge and passed it to him as well . 
 `` do n't worry , '' he winked . 
 `` you wo n't be completely deprived . 
 you 'll have me for company ! '' 
 he gave a silly smile and went his way to deliver skyler 's dinner . 
 she stood in the kitchen as it was once again empty . 
 her hopes for a few heartening moments with skyler withered away . 
 she told herself that it was only the stress of the situation , and that he would be back to his old self shortly . 
 but there was also the dark , nagging thought that echoed in the back of her mind ... she brought this mess to him . 
 the corner table felt big to madison with only her and chase to fill it . 
 he stretched out across the booth and leaned comfortably against the wall behind him . 
 she kept herself confined to the area of the thick blue placemat in front of her as she sat in a white wooden chair . 
 `` i brought some movies if you want to watch one later . '' 
 chase had been doing all the talking since he came back into the kitchen . 
 she could tell he was trying to cheer her up , but she was to the point that she was all right with being down . 
 `` maybe , '' she shrugged and twirled noodles around her fork . 
 `` i think i might turn in early . 
 kind of tired . '' 
 he raised the blind beside him and peered out . 
 `` the sun is still out . 
 how early are you planning on calling it a day ? '' 
 `` it 's been a long day already . '' 
 `` maybe so , '' he said . 
 `` but i bet a movie will help that . 
 i 'll even let you pick which one we watch . '' 
 she did n't answer . 
 a movie would n't help . 
 it would only distract her for an hour or two . 
 then reality would be there waiting to drown her as soon as it was over . 
 it would only delay the inevitable . 
 what was the inevitable ? 
 it was too early to tell . 
 `` he 's going to be fine . '' 
 chase 's words sounded misplaced at first . 
 madison raised her eyes to him to decipher his meaning . 
 he was talking about skyler . 
 `` he 's had worse . '' 
 `` he said the same thing . '' 
 `` when we met for the second time , to sign the lease agreement , he looked like he had been hit by a bus or something , '' chase said with a smirk . 
 `` he claimed it was a bar fight and went on like it was the norm . 
 i did n't question him any about it , and it never came back up , until today , i guess . 
 but this one only looks like he stepped out in front of a truck . '' 
 `` he 's not a vigilante , '' she sighed . 
 `` and i 'm not a security guard . '' 
 he looked unimpressed with her confession . 
 `` it 's probably best you forget about us as soon as we 're out of your hair . '' 
 `` why would i do that ? '' 
 `` we 're con-artists , chase . 
 i 've yet to meet a safe i could n't crack , and skyler is our frontman . 
 we scam people . '' 
 he did n't flinch . 
 she shook her head and went on . 
 `` my fiancé organized the jobs , and we carried them out . 
 we knew it was n't right , but the people we targeted were n't exactly respectable people themselves . 
 morgan sought out those who were getting fat on others ' hard work . 
 we stole from thieves . 
 but that does n't make it right . '' 
 he finally stirred , sitting upright as he eyed her . 
 `` i know who you are , '' he said . 
 `` how ? 
 and why would you still be here if you did ? '' 
 chase half smiled and leaned forward on his elbows . 
 `` i have a lot of time on my hands and lots of research tools at my disposal . 
 my dad is a super-jeweler . 
 he owns a bunch of stores here and internationally . 
 you could understand his need to research his potential clients and employees . 
 i looked into skyler 's information before agreeing to the lease . 
 he had a few rough spots but nothing that i would hold against him . 
 you too . '' 
 she went back to twirling the noodles . 
 `` you knew this whole time ? 
 and you still went along with this ? 
 why ? '' 
 `` i know i have n't known you two for long , but i have a feeling . '' 
 he hesitated and chuckled under his breath , then went on , `` you both have good intentions . 
 you just got mixed up with the wrong crowd . 
 if you two were given another chance to start over fresh , you would change your course and follow the rules . 
 maybe this is the second chance you guys need . 
 what would you do differently ? '' 
 she would do nearly everything differently . 
 but second chances were n't real , were they ? 
 they 're mythical . 
 this was real life , and real life had consequences . 
 one could n't simply wish away their past . 
 they carried it with them . 
 one could only learn and grow . 
 `` you 'll see , '' chase nodded . 
 `` it 'll get better from here . 
 just hang in there . '' 
 only one thing would make her feel better . 
 `` has he said anything ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` not much . 
 i think he 's a little stretched right now . 
 but give him time , he 'll come around . '' 
 `` i hope you 're right . '' 
 madison poked at the pasta that was left on her plate . 
 her appetite was gone . 
 chase went back to chattering by himself . 
 she forced a smile every now and again to make him think she was listening , wondering what she could do to mollify skyler . 
 it seemed to work . 
 he never slowed until he left to go back to the upper deck . 
 it took her longer than needed to clean up the kitchen . 
 she meticulously scrubbed each dish and piece of silverware then checked all the cabinets to find where they belonged . 
 the leftovers fit in the fridge after the third attempt to rearrange everything inside . 
 she put on a pot of coffee out of habit . 
 she did n't want any but figured the guys would like some to help combat the winter weather and to fuel their constant activity . 
 nevertheless , when it was finished brewing , she poured herself a cup . 
 the quiet kitchen filled her vision as she sat at the table and clutched the mug . 
 the coffee 's warmth felt good as it seeped through the ceramic and reached her tired hands . 
 the drone of the motor blended with the sound of the water breaking around the vessel . 
 it was oddly calming . 
 the stillness gave her solace . 
 dwindling daylight was slowly replaced by the mellow glow of the kitchen 's lighting as she held her place . 
 evening faded into night . 
 a shadowy figure slipped by and pulled her from her daze . 
 she had n't heard anyone come down the stairs . 
 he moved on with near silence . 
 she blinked her dry eyes to see clearly . 
 it was skyler . 
 `` there 's some coffee , '' she blurted out before he could disappear down the dark hall . 
 `` i 'll get you a cup , if you want . '' 
 he slowed and half turned to her , his eyes not quite meeting hers as he looked out from under the bill of his hat . 
 `` no , no coffee . '' 
 he must have been cold with his hands in his pockets and his popped collar hiding most of his face . 
 `` i 'm just going to ... '' he gave a small nod toward the hall , then trailed off . 
 `` i did n't think you 'd still be up . 
 you should get some rest . '' 
 she did n't offer a reply as he lowered his head and melted into the blackness of the hallway . 
 what could she say ? 
 he was still forlorn . 
 her heart ached for him . 
 she missed his strong presence . 
 it had been replaced with a defeated aura . 
 feeling useless , madison gave up her station and went to her room . 
 light spilled from beneath the bathroom door and faintly illuminated the hall . 
 she sat on the edge of the bed and fell back in its softness . 
 her body was ready for sleep , but she wondered if her mind would let her . 
 it was worth a try . 
 she crawled to the middle of the bed and curled up with a pillow hugged to her chest . 
 her eyes stared at the blank wall , and she did her best not to think . 
 she did n't know the time , where they were , or where they were going , but she knew everything was out of her control . 
 it would be pointless to fret over what was out of her hands . 
 but she still did . 
 she could n't help it . 
 it took awhile , but she eventually began to drift . 
 her eyes felt heavy , and she let them slide closed . 
 the movement of the boat was rocking her to sleep . 
 she almost smiled at the thought of appreciating her time on the vessel . 
 never did she dream she would find peace on one . 
 she must have slept . 
 the rocking continued , but everything seemed quieter . 
 she wanted to keep sleeping . 
 time passed easily that way . 
 snuggling the pillow tighter , she held to the warm spot beneath her . 
 her eyes eased open as she thought to wait for the retreating slumber . 
 something was different . 
 she was n't alone . 
 there was someone beside the bed . 
 madison automatically flinched away from the being before she could tell herself there was nothing to be afraid of . 
 skyler did n't move as he sat with his back against the wall , and his knees pulled to his chest as if he were a frightened child . 
 her heart raced as she remembered to breathe . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 she mumbled . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 there was n't an answer from him . 
 he kept still . 
 because his face was well hidden in the darkness , she could n't tell whether or not he was looking at her . 
 she gave him a few moments then sat up to take a closer look . 
 he stirred at her movement with one hand weakly waving her away . 
 he had been watching her , but now he bowed his head . 
 she shifted to the edge of the bed and peered down at him . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 `` chase told me what happened , '' he whispered . 
 `` he told me what you did . '' 
 he hesitated . 
 she did n't try to rush him as she was unknowing where he was going with this . 
 `` morgan said they caught you when you tried to run . 
 he said that they dragged you back . 
 he told me that they needed to get levi 's bullet back and that you cried for him . '' 
 skyler slowed again . 
 his voice trembled when he went on , `` morgan said that you begged him to help you and that he let you cling to him . 
 he told me that he was going to kill you himself and that it was my fault for trying to hide you from him . 
 he said he was going to make me dig a grave and put us both in it . 
 i knew that i 'd never see you again , and that i did this . 
 i did n't know what to think when you walked in . 
 we already lost . 
 `` but chase tells me that you chose to go with them . 
 he said that you could have gotten away but that you willingly went to them . 
 you came back for me . '' 
 `` i could n't just leave you ... '' he raised his hand again to cut her off . 
 she could see his face a little better as her eyes adjusted to the dark . 
 he looked as troubled as he sounded . 
 `` i made a promise . 
 i gave my word . 
 your father asked me to keep you safe , and i said that i would . 
 how am i supposed to do that when you put yourself in danger because you think you have to look out for me ? '' 
 she ignored him this time when he tried to wave her away . 
 madison climbed down to the floor and wrapped her arms around his neck . 
 `` you 're looking at it all wrong , '' she said softly . 
 `` you 've kept your word . 
 i 'm just fine . 
 you 've taken care of me . 
 but i need to do the same for you . 
 that 's how this works . 
 we take care of each other . '' 
 there was n't any change in him . 
 he did n't return her embrace as his arms hung limp at his sides . 
 she held him anyway , wishing she had known he had bore his promise to her dad all this time . 
 `` that was more than two decades ago , '' she whispered against his neck . 
 `` i 'm sure he did n't mean to leave you stuck with me that long . '' 
 `` i though i lost you , '' he muttered . 
 `` i gave up . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 she could n't answer him . 
 she did n't know what to say . 
 everything sounded wrong in her head , and she was afraid it would come out even worse . 
 but much to her relief , she did n't have to say anything . 
 his arms came around her , and he held her tight , nearly squeezing the breath out of her . 
 they were all right . 
 neither moved or spoke a word for several minutes . 
 skyler 's hold did n't weaken the entire time . 
 madison eventually shifted back to look at him and took his face in her hands . 
 she gave an encouraging smile when his eyes found hers . 
 he looked much better ; as if he took the weight of the world off his shoulders for a change . 
 `` you must be tired , '' he quietly said . 
 `` funny , '' she smirked and traced the bag under his good eye with her thumb , `` i was about to say the same thing . '' 
 he smiled . 
 finally . 
 she drank it up . 
 it had been too long since he last smiled . 
 they stood together . 
 skyler kept her hand snug within his . 
 he acted as if he had more to tell , and she waited . 
 he kept whatever it was to himself . 
 she nodded at the bed . 
 `` come on , get some sleep . 
 you 've earned it . '' 
 turning on her side after crawling across the bed , madison watched him ease into the bedding as if he thought it was breakable . 
 it took him a moment to settle in , but once he was still , he closed his eyes and looked like he was already sleeping . 
 his hand never left hers . 
 she studied him and thought back to the first time she spent a night with him . 
 it was a few months after she had gotten her own place . 
 heading home late one night , she noticed a man from the diner following her . 
 she went straight to skyler 's for help . 
 he was sleeping . 
 at least it looked that way when he opened the door to halt her knocking . 
 she franticly told him what was going on , and he immediately strode over to the guy 's car . 
 she never knew what was said , but when he came back , he closed the door like nothing happened and assured her all was well . 
 he asked if she would like him to take her home or if she wanted to stay . 
 he gave her his bed and slept on the couch . 
 she could n't sleep because of still being afraid of the man coming back , so she climbed onto the couch with skyler . 
 he never said a word , letting her cuddle against him . 
 he put an arm around her and went back to sleep . 
 that was the first time she realized he was no longer the kid she remembered him to be . 
 he was grown , big and strong , and he kept her safe . 
 with a smile of nostalgia , she squeezed his hand and closed her eyes . 
 `` stay , '' his voice came in a breathy whisper . 
 she opened her eyes and looked to him , wondering if she imagined him speaking . 
 `` stay here with me . '' 
 she was slow to answer . 
 `` i 'm not going anywhere . '' 
 his eyes raised to hers as he pulled her hand to his chest . 
 `` i love you . 
 i always have . 
 i do n't know what 's taken me so long to do something about it . 
 i would like it if you would stay with me . 
 we can make it official if you want . 
 the whole picture . 
 marry me and stay , please . 
 forever or always , your pick . '' 
 his words were like a dream come true . 
 she let them silence all her other thoughts and savored their sweetness . 
 giving his hand a gentle squeeze , she could n't keep from smiling . 
 `` nothing would make me happier . '' 
 he matched her smile and shifted closer and gave her a tender kiss . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 he brushed the curls from her face and tucked them behind her ear . 
 madison looked at him and ran her fingers across his stubbly cheek . 
 `` you 've been the only constant in my life , '' she offered . 
 `` that means more to me than you will ever know . 
 you 're my best friend . 
 i love you . '' 
 she closed her eyes and whispered , `` forever . '' 
 `` hmm ? '' 
 `` you said ` forever or always ' . 
 i 'll be forever if you 'll be always . '' 
 she laughed to herself , feeling silly after saying it out loud . 
 he gave a soft chuckle . 
 `` always . '' 
 chapter thirty-four sunrise the sky had a different look to it as it stretched across the open sea . 
 its blue was deeper , truer . 
 at least that 's what madison concluded . 
 she had been staring at it for the duration of the morning hours as the sun slowly emerged from its stage on the horizon . 
 the brilliant orb brought warmth with its light . 
 she loosed the blanket that was wrapped so snuggly around her shoulders while one hand still carefully held the four-page letter she had read the prior night . 
 skyler asked her to look it over to be sure she was okay with all that he had revealed . 
 she was n't bothered by what he disclosed , but she could n't sleep after she finished . 
 the letter was addressed to the detective who had contacted skyler several years back , brock payne . 
 he assured him that morgan 's group was being investigated and that they would be stopped before long . 
 when skyler asked why he was approached , payne simply said that he did n't match the criteria of the rest of the group . 
 he told him that if he helped bring the organization down , he would be exonerated of his own involvement . 
 the detective kept in touch when skyler agreed to do what he could . 
 he 'd spent an entire day on the detailed writing . 
 most of it was news to madison . 
 many of the confessed deeds happened during her eight-year absence . 
 he was involved with nearly every job morgan arranged and his given recount showed it . 
 she did n't doubt a word of it . 
 he probably even toned a few parts down from what she could tell . 
 when he signed it , he passed it to her for approval . 
 if she agreed , she was to put it in an envelope with the diamond that was still dangling from the bracelet on her wrist . 
 she did just so . 
 after feeling the bulky jewel sink to the bottom of the thick envelope , she sealed it up and set it on the table beside her . 
 her hand rested atop it to prevent it from being blown away . 
 her focus shifted from the yellow envelope to the place on her hand that caught the young daylight so beautifully . 
 it was a simple , silver band with a square sapphire cradled above it . 
 it was perfect . 
 skyler said that he would get her a different ring , one that was meant to be a bridal set , when they settled in . 
 she hoped he would not . 
 this one had meaning . 
 they picked out their rings in a little shoppe in new orleans ; two silver bands , neither one knowing what the other had chosen . 
 they had two full days in the fascinating city . 
 she 'd never been there before , but skyler knew just where to go . 
 he must have had it all planned . 
 they spent the better part of the first morning hopping from one shoppe to the next until they were ready for the occasion . 
 he donned a charming black suit complete with vest and bow-tie . 
 she found a long white dress with an open back . 
 it was n't what she had in mind , but she fell in love with it before she even tried it on . 
 skyler took her to a courtyard that had an ivy-covered arbor and two rows of chairs with white ribbons tied to them . 
 though the chairs sat empty , everyone they needed was there . 
 a man in a simple suit greeted skyler by name . 
 he was there to officiate the ceremony . 
 chase arrived soon after they did . 
 he was all spiffed up and bearing a bouquet of white and red roses . 
 another man came hurrying to the scene . 
 he was balding prematurely and acted nervous , insisting on calling skyler mr. andrew . 
 he brought a folder with an assortment of papers which skyler gave to the gentleman officiating . 
 it was a short ceremony but sweet nonetheless . 
 madison was so engrossed in the fact that it was happening , marrying her best friend , that she did n't notice a few others come along and sit in the seats and watch . 
 they were strangers , but they wished the couple well when the wedding was over . 
 she appreciated that . 
 it was heartening to know there were those out there who took a moment out of their own lives to share in their happiness . 
 now here they were , sailing off into another sunrise and drawing one day closer to their new home . 
 home , a place to be . 
 a place to stay . 
 she was sure it was absolutely flawless going by skyler 's description of it . 
 he admitted that it would need some work and that he had n't actually seen it for himself , but it was theirs . 
 apparently , skyler 's parents invested in a builder friend of theirs long ago with the agreement that when a certain plot was developed a house would be built for their son . 
 it was to be presented to him when he turned twenty-five . 
 he learned about it just shy of his twenty-seventh because of the builder having trouble tracking him down . 
 he could n't exactly use it at the time since he was in so deep with morgan 's company , so he had the builder lease it out until the time came when he needed it . 
 it had been without a tenant for the past six months . 
 it was a home with a view , the small , two bedroom cottage with a wraparound porch . 
 the back yard was a white sandy beach . 
 their new home was situated on the shores of north caicos . 
 `` you 're up early . '' 
 skyler 's quiet voice brought her back to the present before he kissed her cheek . 
 he sat next to her and gazed around at the open waters as the aroma of his coffee drifted on the breeze . 
 `` and up here all by yourself ? 
 someone 's getting comfortable . '' 
 it was only the third time she sat on the upper deck and the first time she went on her own . 
 she did n't think that she was getting any more comfortable with the boat . 
 she was more in a daze when she wandered that way before the sun came up and reminded her where she was . 
 `` i was waiting for someone to come and help me back down , '' she said with a light laugh at herself . 
 she watched him as he took in their surroundings . 
 he was looking better with each day . 
 his bruises were fading , no longer the purple and blue that hurt just to look at . 
 but the cut on his cheek was going to leave a scar . 
 it was taking much longer to heal . 
 he turned his coffee mug in vague circles on the table as he eyed the envelope under her hand . 
 `` i wo n't send it if you do n't want me to . '' 
 `` do you trust this detective to keep his word that you 're done with a written statement ? '' 
 his eyes narrowed as he shifted . 
 `` i ca n't say that i trust him , but i think i need to try . 
 i do n't want it following us around . '' 
 `` then let 's be done with this . '' 
 she passed it to him with an encouraging smile . 
 he took it hesitantly , tapping it on the table for a few beats before slipping it into the inner pocket of his jacket . 
 she waited until he finally looked to her and then leaned toward him . 
 `` good morning , mr. andrew . '' 
 he chuckled and took her hand in his . 
 `` it sure is , mrs. andrew . '' 
 madison got up and walked around behind him and hugged his neck , resting her chin atop his head . 
 he held her arms and pet the ring on her finger . 
 `` have you checked on chase yet ? '' 
 `` i was on my way , '' he said . 
 `` got a little sidetracked . '' 
 the two climbed the stairs to the top deck and the wheelhouse . 
 chase welcomed them with his usual cheer . 
 madison did n't know how he could keep so upbeat since he 'd been up all night yet again . 
 yes , he slept during the day , but he hardly slowed at all . 
 he peered at madison . 
 `` you still do n't look any different . '' 
 she laughed at him . 
 he had said the same thing each time he saw her since they got back on the faran in new orleans . 
 skyler looked at him with a questioning expression . 
 `` i 've heard married women look differently . 
 she has n't changed a bit , '' chase explained , his tone doubtful . 
 `` ah , '' skyler nodded . 
 `` how 's this ? '' 
 he wrapped one arm around her , pulled her to him , put his other hand beneath her left , and presented the ring-ornamented hand to his friend . 
 chase smirked and laughed out . 
 `` i see it now . 
 definitely taken . '' 
 he hung around a little while longer before heading off to bed after asking them to make sure and wake him for dinner . 
 skyler took the wheel and checked over the instrument gages . 
 madison wandered between the windows for a time before standing beside him as he kept the cruising yacht on course . 
 `` want to try ? '' 
 he stepped back from the wheel and motioned for her to come closer . 
 she surveyed the controls , then looked to him and let her uncertainty show . 
 he smiled and ushered her in front of him . 
 `` it wo n't bite , i promise . '' 
 skyler took her hands and placed them on the wheel . 
 `` it 's easier than it looks . 
 you might even like it . '' 
 there really was n't much to it . 
 she watched straight ahead and held tight to the wheel . 
 she expected more feedback from it or more of a fight . 
 it was smooth and uncomplicated . 
 she recalled all the times skyler spoke about piloting a boat and how he enjoyed it . 
 it was his escape from the real world . 
 even though she was n't thrilled with it , she knew it was something he treasured , and he was sharing it with her . 
 that made her think she could grow to like it . 
 `` see , you 've got it . '' 
 he ran his hands up to her shoulders , wrapped his arms around her , and hugged her to his chest . 
 `` take us home . '' 
 his words were whispered in her ear and sounded in her heart . 
 she was already there . 
 it did n't matter where they went or how long it took them to get there . 
 she was right where she belonged in his arms . 
 that was her home . 
 `` forever , '' she said as she rested her head against his shoulder . 
 `` always . '' 
 acknowledgements i would like to take a moment to thank a few of those who have proven themselves to be essential throughout this entire experience : my parents , tracey and gary decker , for making us play outside when we were kids , even if it was to get us out of your hair . 
 i think my imagination has survived to this day for it . 
 and thank you for all the books you encouraged me to read . 
 i still have the first novel you gave me on my nightstand . 
 my husband , colt smith , for tolerating my unceasing hobby . 
 and thank you for saving my manuscripts from the clutches of the evil hard drive , my valiant knight disguised as a computer technician . 
 beth smith for your enthusiasm . 
 it is heartening to know someone else cares for my characters and their stories as much as i do . 
 and also for the endless supply of amazing reads to keep me thinking . 
 my brother , dillon decker , for reminding me often that there is still a world outside my own small piece of it . 
 much appreciated . 
 rita dubard for your excitement about everything . 
 i 've learned much from our adventures , and still more from watching you explore your own tireless and brave journeys that i will always envy , in a good way . 
 you 're as true as they come . 
 jared twomey , of my original support group . 
 your nod in the very beginning meant more than you know . 
 my longest running friend , you deserve an award for that . 
 brett tyler for your honesty and telling me point blank what i needed to hear , whether i knew it or not . 
 always ready with advice and perpetual understanding . 
 grady newton for sampling and enduring my rough drafts . 
 i know it was n't easy . 
 your input was indispensable . 
 dr. robert myers and sharon nabours , thank you for keeping my day job a dream job . 
 you have provided a work atmosphere that is upbuilding , to which i am grateful . 
 all the folks in and around nanowrimo for the amazing and invigorating challenge . 
 looking forward to next time . 
 only sorry i found out about you late in the game . 
 << << >> >> 
