 the last three by almon chu smashwords edition copyright 2011 almon chu i the outside world came in through the window . 
 the morning traffic , the police sirens , the footsteps and chatter of pedestrians , the roar of low flying planes , the beeping and banging of construction and destruction . 
 i was naked , cold . 
 my head and joints ached . 
 my mouth was bitter . 
 my eyes were blinded by the morning sun . 
 i sat up quickly , recoiling . 
 the sheets stuck to the side of my face before peeling off like velcro . 
 i wiped my cheek and looked down at my hand . 
 `` god damn it , '' i said . 
 a breeze rolled in from an open window and i felt the blood dry upon my skin . 
 my feet hit the grimy floor , but my legs refused to work and i met the ground with a thud . 
 after all you 've been through , is this what 's going to do you in ? 
 a voice said in a distant part of my mind . 
 i began to crawl , my head and joints still aching . 
 i crawled on my arms across my bedroom floor . 
 across dirty laundry , empty bottles , crushed cans , broken cds , forgotten cds , pens and pencils , candy wrappers , white styrofoam boxes filled with moulding crumbs , papers that were once important and papers that were never important . 
 across the thin film of hair , dust , crumbs , and shards of plastic that pervaded the floor . 
 and across the most worthless of them all : pennies . 
 i crawled as the carpet fabric dug into my flesh . 
 i reached the old sofa-chair that had been repurposed as a computer chair , and hoisted myself upon it . 
 i turned on my back , my legs hanging over the arm of the chair . 
 stretching , i reached out and shut the window . 
 the noises of the city still bled through . 
 i inhaled deeply , pushing my body forward until i was sitting on the arm of the chair . 
 the cheap imitation leather creaked beneath me . 
 my body lowered until my feet touched the floor . 
 tightly gripping the chair 's arm as an anchor . 
 i attempted to stand but refused to release my grip from the chair behind me . 
 taking one step forward i felt my legs wobble and retreated to the security of my chair . 
 `` fuck me , '' i said , half laughing . 
 after all you 've been through , is this what 's going to do you in ? 
 outside my apartment window an early winter had arrived in the city , the trees stripped to skeleton forms . 
 the colourful leaves of autumn had long since been blown away , destroyed , or collected . 
 though the first snowfall had yet to occur . 
 it was a lifeless period of limbo . 
 i lived on the very edge of the city . 
 to my left was the city 's end : a vast field of houses , boulevards woven with trees and street lights ; only broken by oases of poverty and the distant smoke stacks of the industrial slum . 
 to my right was a dense labyrinth of high and low-rise buildings . 
 streets and alley-ways that twisted and turned in nonsensical fashion until they reached the city heart : an amalgamation of business towers , with each tower attempting to best the other in size . 
 despite their obnoxious efforts , they were forever in the shadow of the heart 's centre , a tourist spike , our modern tower of babel . 
 i gave up on standing and watched the city for a couple of hours , my weakness had overcome me . 
 the hypnotic blur of distant moving cars and pedestrians . 
 the cell phone rang on my computer table . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` zdravstvuet ! '' 
 it was aleksi . 
 he always enjoyed throwing me off . '' 
 aleksi ! 
 english ! '' 
 the anger began to stir . 
 `` haha ! 
 what 's up ? 
 why are n't you here at work ? '' 
 aleksi said . 
 `` my legs wo n't work , '' i said . 
 he was picking the wrong morning to aggravate me . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` the hell do you think i mean ? 
 i mean i ca n't stand up ! '' 
 `` have you tried standing ? '' 
 `` that 's a stupid fucking question and you know it . '' 
 `` no , i mean , have you tried standing again ? 
 like recently . '' 
 he was failing to articulate himself . 
 `` why would i do that ?! 
 i already told you i ca n't stand ! '' 
 my sweat ran , mixing with the dry blood , and produced a sickly dull paste . 
 `` just try it , '' he said , slightly irritated . 
 `` what part of ' i ca n't stand ' do n't you god damn understand ?! '' 
 i struggled to get the words out . 
 `` just fucking try it ! '' 
 aleksi was beginning to lose himself . 
 i could feel my heartbeat all throughout my body , my vision narrowed , my breath heated . 
 `` if i fucking fall down you 're coming all the way out here to pick me the hell back up , you bastard ! '' 
 all i wanted to do was prove aleksi wrong . 
 i threw myself off the chair and found myself to be standing perfectly straight . 
 `` well ? '' 
 aleksi asked condescendingly . 
 i stood there , shocked and stunned by my error for a brief moment . 
 `` fuck you aleksi ! '' 
 `` suka blyad ! 
 kitaiskie - '' i pulled the cell phone from my cheek , the bloody paste causing my skin to lightly stick , and slammed the phone shut before he managed to finish his insult . 
 the anger had engulfed me ; a familiar raw energy surged through my right arm . 
 the muscles in my forearm twitched as my fingers tingled and jerked . 
 `` god damn immigrant , '' i said to myself before throwing on some clothes that had been resting on my bed . 
 i looked at the picture of eris taped to my bedroom wall ; i wondered what she would say if she could see me now . 
 exhaling deeply , i left my apartment for work . 
 there was no time to wash the blood off . 
 i had already killed enough time and was very late for work . 
 i could not afford a cut in pay . 
 i shot glances to my left and right upon exiting my apartment . 
 it smelled of cheap cleaning fluid , with hints of vomit and alcohol . 
 the dim fluorescent lighting of the hallway produced a sickly buzz . 
 white paint peeled off walls scuffed with a history of colours , revealing the concrete that lied beneath . 
 i walked down the hall to the elevator , my footsteps clicking upon cracked and broken tiles . 
 i reached into my coat pocket for my cigarettes . 
 my hands were warm and my heart still pounding from my earlier conversation , though i had reclaimed control of myself . 
 i pressed the button to call for the elevator . 
 leaning back against the wall , i waited . 
 the florescent light flickered above me . 
 i put a cigarette to my lips and reached for my lighter . 
 people were fighting in the unit behind the wall . 
 their exact words were indiscernible , just the sounds of shouting , yelling , crying , and screaming . 
 i lit the cigarette and inhaled . 
 the sweet nicotine release . 
 a dull thud came from the wall behind me and broke the fight with a sudden silence . 
 i thought of aleksi and smiled . 
 ` that god damn punk . '' 
 the elevator doors opened before me . 
 the buttons in the elevator were old and worn , their painted symbols no longer readable . 
 it was a small elevator with no mirrors to give the illusion of space . 
 i reached over to the panel and pressed what i had memorized as ground before resigning myself to a corner . 
 i began to grind my cheek with my hand , producing a dark red mixture of blood , dirt , skin , and oil that peeled off of my face like eraser shavings . 
 my lips were clenched tightly to secure my cigarette . 
 my skin became red and raw under the friction . 
 you look like a madman . 
 i flicked ashes at the no smoking sign next to me . 
 nobody had ever cared enough to enforce it . 
 i looked up to check the elevator 's counter and put the cigarette back to my lips . 
 `` 5 '' - `` 3 '' - `` 2 '' the elevator doors opened . 
 most of the blood had already been cleaned from my face , with the exception of the most stubborn of specs . 
 i walked across the lobby , which contained nothing more than a wall of mail boxes , a half-dead fern , and a door made of reinforced glass . 
 the same theme of peeling white paint and cracked tile floors adorned the lobby . 
 from the other tiny elevators came a languid flood of tenants , some herding their children to school , some sipping from their bottles of coffee , some stuffing their faces with a quick breakfast . 
 i had been lucky that morning to have an elevator to myself . 
 the front door creaked as it swung open . 
 the city streets were choked with people . 
 everything was trapped under a thin orange fog . 
 i headed towards the subway station , walking past old wooden phone polls , mutilated by the countless rusty staples of posted bills ; lamp posts , dented and dirty from the abuse of the streets . 
 the sidewalks were spotted black with old gum , its crevices and fissures filled with cigarette butts and small pieces of shredded garbage . 
 i was stopped at an intersection by a red light , a blur of cars roared past . 
 the roads were patchwork , lines of tar crisscrossed segments of asphalt , like wrinkles on an old face . 
 the numerous pot-holes and depressions were filled with black water of obscure origin . 
 i inhaled the last sweet breath of cigarette smoke and flicked the filter to the ground . 
 the homeless stirred from their homes of cardboard and ragged sleeping bags . 
 some begged with paper cups and signs : `` kick a punk for a buck . '' 
 `` 25 cents short from taking over the world . '' 
 `` please have mercy . '' 
 `` 25 cents for a smile . '' 
 some played broken tunes on old instruments . 
 others sold useless junk as wares . 
 defeated people being steadily consumed by the city . 
 `` spare some change ? '' 
 one of them said to me . 
 ` we have a live one ! ' 
 i thought to myself as i walked past him , not making eye-contact . 
 wannabe thugs patrolled the streets like vultures , scanning for any excuse for violence . 
 reflections of the city 's demeanour : they walked around with false purpose in their stride , heads held high in arrogance . 
 they act to intimidate , hiding their own childish fears . 
 their pre-packaged clothes , slang , and music : pathetic cries for help . 
 `` bitch , the fuck you looking at ? '' 
 one of them said . 
 a twinge went down my arm as i reached into my coat pocket and gripped the cold handle of my knife . 
 i overlooked his insult and avoided his eyes ; there would be no profit there . 
 `` that 's right punk ! 
 walk away ! '' 
 he screamed at my back . 
 a shortcut through an alleyway . 
 the walls were clothed in spray paint . 
 basic scribbles and elaborate tapestries : cryptic messages of ownership , blatant memorials , and demonstrations of skill . 
 my footsteps crunched and cracked as i stepped upon broken glass and the remains of fast food containers . 
 reaching down into my coat pocket i grabbed my pack of cigarettes and counted the remainder . 
 coming out of the alleyway i had arrived in front of the subway station . 
 the entrance was constructed of bare bricks : a simple box . 
 white lights glowed from behind black plastic , spelling out the name of the station and the entrance 's street location . 
 the city 's transit system logo pervaded the station . 
 a simple design . 
 an abbreviation , that few cared to learn the meaning of . 
 i walked through the front doors . 
 the doors ' glass panes had been recently shattered and were crudely held together by strips of tape . 
 silver , brown , beige , and black : these were the only colours that were permitted in the construction of this station . 
 as usual the new immigrants had awoken long before anyone in the city , standing ready at attention , diligently manning their underpaid posts . 
 `` ahn-nyung-ha-se-yo . '' 
 a smiling face greeted me from behind a newsstand counter , mistaking me for one of her own . 
 i ignored her common mistake . 
 her wares defied the colour palette of the station . 
 candy wrappers , soft drink bottles , and magazine covers produced a seizure inducing symphony of glossy colours . 
 a small steel fence served as means of separation , and herded people towards the ticket booth . 
 a greying man occupied the ticket booth . 
 unshaven . 
 disgruntled . 
 his fat body dwarfed the stool he sat on . 
 specks and stains covered the glass wall that separated the man from the rest of us . 
 he barked at the mother and son in front of me . 
 `` that boy is n't a child ! '' 
 he spat at them , his grubby hand firmly affixed on the turnstile lock . 
 the man continued to yell at them as the mother fumbled for her son 's identification . 
 he persisted to pressure even after she produced the identification . 
 `` have it ready next time ! 
 so you do n't cause a scene ! '' 
 she passed through the turnstile with a firm grip on her son 's hand and her head held low . 
 i walked up to the booth and threw a fistful of change into the toll slot . 
 he grunted but i did not turn in his direction i kept walking , instilling purpose in my stride and anger in my form . 
 the turnstile let me pass with a click . 
 half-way across the transfer-slip littered floor i heard the booth man start up another bombardment ; the poor timid bastards . 
 i took the crowded escalator down to the subway platform . 
 it jerked and chugged along , decaying transfer-slips jamming the gears . 
 a strange smell of warm metal and burning dust . 
 the black rubber handles were scratched and aged , and the grips of the metal steps were clogged and useless . 
 advertisements lined the subway platform , groping for attention . 
 some new movie that i 'd never watch . 
 some new product that i 'd never buy . 
 some new lost cause that i 'd never subscribe to . 
 some repackaged message that i could n't care less about . 
 a tv screen hung from the ceiling , spewing forth more adverts and tidbits of sensationalized news reports . 
 they stood there , the ones who made it past the booth . 
 they spoke only to those they knew and ignored the presence of those they did n't . 
 those who knew no one isolated themselves through cell phones , and headphones , or through the increasingly rare book or newspaper . 
 those without such distractions vapidly stared at the television and adverts . 
 a distant light flickered in the subway tunnel , a flow of wind grew stronger as it drew closer and i felt the air run through my fingers . 
 the subway came screeching into the terminal . 
 a gust followed its arrival , momentarily blowing everything in one direction , and swept aside the common mix of loose trash . 
 the silver doors of the train slid open after playing a simple three note tune . 
 people pushed and shoved their way onto the train , giving no mind to those trying to get off . 
 i squeezed myself into the train . 
 there was no room to move , no such thing as personal space , every breath was shared . 
 the train left the terminal and into the darkness of the subway tunnel . 
 almost everyone remained silent . 
 the exception being the irate middle-aged woman who talked to herself about how she needed a facelift , an ordinary occurrence . 
 more adverts lined the inside of the train , sheets of thin plastic illuminated by fluorescent lights . 
 the train picked up in speed . 
 it shook and thundered as it went over each segment of track . 
 streaks of white , blue , yellow , and orange lights streamed passed the train windows . 
 a recording of a soft female voice announced the name of the next station . 
 the train shot out from the subway tunnel , everyone was forcefully tilted to one side and the station 's bright lights came flooding through the windows . 
 we came to a sudden stop and everyone was thrown back into their positions . 
 the doors played their three tone note and people began to herd themselves off of and on to the train . 
 the woman was now screaming `` facelift facelift ! 
 i need a facelift ! '' 
 over and over . 
 despite her new catchphrase , nobody paid her any mind . 
 the train started to move again and we were soon back in the darkness . 
 ` just three more stops , ' i thought to myself . 
 i gripped my knife , the handle digging into my flesh . 
 i closed my eyes and tried to think of eris . 
 my stop was no different from any other station . 
 it was the same scene of filth and flash . 
 the same ticket booth operators on a power-trip . 
 the same repackaged in a different layout , different colour , different name , but the same nonetheless . 
 outside the station i found myself under the shade of distant high-rise apartments and business towers . 
 a crowd pushed me along . 
 a stench filled the air . 
 the sidewalk was slick and blackened with rotten fruit peels and bits of old vegetables . 
 clusters of garbage bags were stacked head-high and left on the edge of the sidewalk . 
 some bags were pierced and bled black water . 
 ` garbage trucks must be running late , ' i thought as a merchant tried to peddle his goods in broken english next to me . 
 the merchants were as numerous as the trash bags . 
 some dealt out of stores and stalls , while most stood on the street with tables and cardboard boxes . 
 pirated and stolen technology , fake fashions , and exotic goods could all be found . 
 neon and plastic signs jutted out the sides of buildings and invaded my vision : their messages were written in cryptic characters and subtitles that were lost in translation . 
 i passed display windows filled with half flayed animals that hung from hooks as i neared the arch at the end of the street . 
 a basic structure , two red pillars entwined with dragons and linked together by a wooden bar : the cryptic characters that choked this place were engraved on the bar and painted in white , followed by the subtitle `` chinatown '' . 
 fighting against the crowd 's current i managed to break free , and took a turn into an alleyway . 
 here the unchecked layer of grime crept up upon the walls of buildings . 
 small restaurant chimneys , air conditioners , wires , and electricity counters protruded from the buildings ' backs . 
 i stopped in front of a steel door covered in stickers and spray-paint . 
 i knocked twice . 
 i knocked once . 
 i knocked twice again . 
 after a few moments the door unlocked . 
 the place smelled of old newspapers and plastic . 
 cardboard boxes were stacked to eye level . 
 an old shrine to an old god sat in the corner , painted in red and adorned with an offering of oranges . 
 the walls and floors had a greyish gloom to them , as if it were always raining outside . 
 it was the new kid that let me in . 
 i threw my coat in a corner . 
 he scanned me up and down , looking for faults . 
 he was misjudging his worth and overstepping his place . 
 i opened my mouth to speak but stopped when i felt a hand on my shoulder . 
 i turned around to see an unimpressed berne . 
 `` you 're late , '' he said . 
 `` sorry man , something came up . '' 
 `` get yourself together . 
 do i need to remind you what 's at risk ? 
 do not get sloppy on me . 
 one sloppy person and we all get caught . 
 i know we 've been friends for a long time but you ca n't screw me like this jon . '' 
 i lowered my head and apologized again . 
 he was right , this was not a business of second chances . 
 he continued with his lecture in his usual subtle intensity . 
 i simply lowered my head lower and lower , and apologized many times over . 
 finally he relented , giving me a firm pat on the shoulder . 
 `` get downstairs , aleksi ca n't handle by himself , '' he said as he walked to the store front . 
 ` funny , ' i thought , ' you would never be able to tell that we went to school together . ' 
 i smiled at the absurdity , i smiled like an idiot in front of the new guy . 
 he smiled back . 
 i no longer wanted to have words with the boy , i wanted to hit him . 
 he smiled but he had no inkling of what i was smiling about . 
 the fake . 
 the pretender . 
 he smiles but he has no right to smile . 
 i shot a glare . 
 i wanted to hit him , but he was n't worth my time . 
 i flipped him off and descended down the stairs . 
 `` do n't screw me like this jon , '' the new guy said as he chuckled to himself . 
 i reached the bottom of the stairs and threw open the door . 
 `` eta svoloch nakohetsto priperlas ha rabotu ! '' 
 aleksi said with a cigarette in his mouth . 
 `` yeah yeah , go fuck yourself . 
 and for the millionth fucking time do n't smoke in here ! '' 
 hundreds of computer towers were stacked upon each other , the wall was hardly visible . 
 the towers buzzed and whirred , each constantly spitting out a new batch of dvds . 
 large printers spewed out colourful sheets in a corner . 
 boxes of plastic cases and glossy cardboard occupied another corner . 
 in the middle of the room , knives and scissors were strewn across a wooden table . 
 everything was at our disposal to make the stolen and fake look legitimate . 
 `` yeah ? 
 well fuck you ! 
 i get at least one smoke after you rode my ass this morning on the phone ! '' 
 aleksi said , his cigarette only half-way done . 
 `` well fuck you too ! '' 
 i took the cigarette from his lips and inhaled once from it before extinguishing it beneath my foot . 
 the tobacco and black ash became highlights amongst the colourful scraps of paper that lay upon the floor . 
 aleksi gave me a swift punch to the shoulder . 
 i returned the gesture , and we smiled like fools . 
 i began my work . 
 the room 's hot air engulfed me . 
 the chemical smells eroding my brain . 
 it was to be another long day . 
 most of the work became subconscious , automatic . 
 i was hardly there . 
 my mind detached from my body and ran rampant with disjointed thoughts of eris . 
 how we first met . 
 her little quirks . 
 how long we 've been together . 
 her scent . 
 our moments together . 
 how long she 'd been gone . 
 her smile . 
 i thought of our last day together . 
 the sun was setting behind those distant smoke stacks . 
 we lay in my bed and basked in the fleeting soft orange glow . 
 the traffic of busy streets sounded like waves crashing to shore . 
 she lied on the edge of my bed . 
 smiling , she embraced me and said - `` oy ! 
 work is over ! '' 
 aleksi said as he tapped me on the shoulder . 
 i snapped back to reality , covered in sweat and the smell of chemicals . 
 we left the room with the machines still running at full capacity , their fans screaming and gears grinding . 
 the graveyard shift came in as we slipped on our coats . 
 cold air swept in from the door . 
 it was dark now , the streets were illuminated by the orange light of street lamps . 
 berne came out from the front of the shop . 
 `` dinner ? '' 
 he asked , looking at aleksi and me . 
 we nodded and spent the next hour wandering the streets of chinatown in search of a restaurant . 
 until finally berne and aleksi decided upon a little noodle shop . 
 the shop 's sign flashed and flickered , `` delicious noodles '' it read . 
 we went in . 
 the air was choked with smells of food and cleaning fluids . 
 chinese pop music played in the background and mixed with the conversations of diners and servers , an unusual din . 
 neon lights and television sets hung overhead . 
 the waitress spoke to us in broken english and handed us menus covered in a layer of dirty plastic . 
 the tables were covered in thin sheets of white garbage-bag plastic . 
 creaky dollar-store stools took the place of chairs . 
 berne handed out yellow chopsticks from the table 's banged up metal container . 
 i looked down at the menu and ordered a bowl of white rice . 
 i could not afford to spend . 
 we waited for food and began our sentences with `` remember when ? '' 
 and `` oh , that time ? '' 
 recounting old times , all the things that we had suffered through together , and all the jokes we shared . 
 the food arrived , the talking stopped . 
 aleksi and berne stuffed their faces with slices of steak and noodles . 
 i garnished my rice with hot-sauce . 
 we left the restaurant and went our separate ways home . 
 i lit a cigarette and smoked it quickly ; the nicotine release would stem my hunger for the next while . 
 i flicked the filter away and spat on the ground . 
 i marked down my day 's earnings in a small notepad ; one could never be too safe . 
 it would only be another few weeks until i managed to save up enough money to move out of here . 
 another few weeks until i could see eris again . 
 i made my way across chinatown , across its shady merchants and garbage piles . 
 back to the subway , back to the streets . 
 back across the dilapidated roads and buildings , across punks and thugs , across the immigrants and the homeless , the power trippers and businessmen , the mothers and children . 
 i made my way back to my building of cracked tiles , peeling paint , reinforced glass , and neglected elevators filled to the brim . 
 i went back to the twenty sixth floor , back to the disorderly neighbours , back to my home . 
 i shot quick glances to my left and right before unlocking my door and stepping through . 
 i was welcomed home by silence and darkness . 
 i wanted neither , throwing my coat and keys on the kitchen table , and turning on a dim light . 
 sounds of the city trickled in . 
 the sweat and filth from the day 's work clung to my body ; i needed a shower but was too tired to care . 
 i kicked my computer 's power button and threw myself on to the old sofa . 
 the pleather creaked under my weight . 
 i checked my messages for any sign of eris . 
 there was nothing . 
 i checked my online messenger . 
 she was offline . 
 i called her phone . 
 nobody picked up . 
 i sat there for a few hours waiting for her ; too tired , too dazed to want to do much else . 
 i waited until finally i gave in to my weakness and pulled my corpse of a body to bed . 
 i lay down on the edge of my bed and looked at the picture of eris taped to my wall . 
 the traffic of busy streets sounded like waves crashing to shore . 
 ` she 'll save me from this . ' 
 will she really ? 
 i drifted off to dream . 
 i.ii the high school lunch room was packed to the brim . 
 scratched up plastic tables and wobbly plastic chairs . 
 lunch never looked like real food , it was either a warm mess in a thermos , a cold mushy pile in a plastic container , or overpriced cafeteria slop . 
 i had been too lazy to pack my own lunch that day , so i resorted to the cafeteria slop . 
 i looked down at the silver package i had bought . 
 `` beef burger , '' was written in black marker . 
 steamed air escaped the package , giving my hands a breath of sickly warmth . 
 the bun felt soggy in my hands , the unnaturally orange cheese leaking out the sides . 
 i took two bites . 
 it tasted of stale grease and chemicals . 
 i tried to force another bite but my stomach began to turn . 
 the grease leaked onto my hand as i wrapped the burger in the silver package and chucked it into the trash next to me . 
 grabbing some napkins that were left behind by a previous lunch period i tried to clean the grease from my hands . 
 the school was still new to me , there was no one to sit next to during lunch , no body to call my friend . 
 i scanned the table i was sitting at : people played cards , laughed , mindlessly shovelled food into their mouths . 
 my eyes locked with a baby-faced blonde that sat diagonally from me , he had no lunch and was hunched over the table . 
 `` what the fuck are you looking at ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` nothing , '' i quickly said . 
 `` oh , i 'm nothing now ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` who the fuck said you could sit here ? '' 
 `` fuck off . '' 
 `` this table is n't for you , you fuck off . '' 
 the guys at the table stopped laughing , playing cards , and shovelling food . 
 they all silently stared at me . 
 it was clear i was unwanted . 
 i left the table and began walking towards the cafeteria exit . 
 my right arm hit the ground first . 
 the rest of my body came soon after , forcefully dragging my arm across the ground and producing a high pitched squeak . 
 i stared at the ground and tried to realize what had just happened . 
 the baby-faced bastard had pushed me . 
 `` you need to apologize to me , '' he said . 
 i pushed off on my right arm and felt the muscles strain and tear . 
 `` fuck you , '' i said as i hit him in the face with my left and sent my knee into his stomach . 
 he collapsed on the ground when the teacher on cafeteria duty came . 
 `` suka blyad , '' the blonde said as he curled up on the ground . 
 `` both of you , come with me , '' the teacher said . 
 we sat in front of the principal as he lectured us about our behaviour . 
 though both of us remained reluctant to give in to his interrogation . 
 it would have been easy to rat on the blonde , if i had played innocent then the majority of my punishment would have been transferred to him . 
 i was n't going to be a rat . 
 i kept my mouth shut and we both received a week of in school suspension and were sent home for the day . 
 on my way out the school 's front door i was stopped by the blonde and one of his friends . 
 i prepared myself for another fight . 
 `` i 'm sorry for aleksi , he can get a little hot-headed '' the friend said . 
 `` thanks for not ratting me out , '' aleksi said . 
 `` yeah , no problem . '' 
 `` i 'm berne by the way , '' the friend offered his hand . 
 `` jon , '' i said before shaking his hand . 
 `` smoke ? 
 it 's the least i can do , '' aleksi said holding a cigarette in front of me . 
 `` sure . '' 
 i had never had a cigarette before . 
 i took one lung full of smoke before coughing and throwing up my lunch . 
 `` he smokes like a bitch ! '' 
 aleksi started laughing . 
 `` fuck you , '' i said hunched over , gagging and spitting . 
 my right arm burned . 
 `` what did you have for lunch ? '' 
 berne asked . 
 `` a cafeteria burger . '' 
 `` you are definitely new here , '' berne said laughing , and began patting me on the back . 
 my right arm would never heal properly but it was a small price to pay for new friends . 
 i.iii a fog had rolled in while i dreamt and consumed the city . 
 a suffocating warmth . 
 the humidity clung to my skin . 
 outside my window i could only see the vague shapes of nearby buildings , city lights dimly dancing through the gloom . 
 it was another workday . 
 i got up and walked across the room . 
 bits of trash stuck to the soles of my feet . 
 i kicked the computer 's power button with the tip of my foot and stumbled towards the washroom . 
 the washroom lights stung my half awoken eyes . 
 toothpaste caked the once-white sink . 
 i blindly groped for my shaver and tooth brush . 
 my hands shook as i tried to co-ordinate myself through the stained mirror . 
 through my half-hearted efforts i managed to make myself appear presentable . 
 i walked back to the computer and checked for any sign of eris . 
 once again i found nothing . 
 looking at the picture of her pinned to my wall i sighed and left my apartment . 
 i shot glances to my left and right and locked my front door . 
 my eyes still stung from lack of sleep . 
 i lit my breakfast of half a cigarette , inhaling as i called for the elevator . 
 exhaling as i leaned back against the wall . 
 my fingers twitched . 
 exhaling . 
 inhaling . 
 exhaling . 
 inhaling . 
 the elevator was taking its sweet time . 
 after a few long moments the elevator finally arrived crowded with the usual suspects . 
 i threw my cigarette butt to the ground , exhaled the last breath of smoke , and crammed myself into the overloaded elevator . 
 on my way to the subway terminal i was stopped by a clean-cut korean dressed in black and white . 
 he came armed with a bible and pamphlets in hand , a counterfeit smile drawn across his face . 
 `` have you heard good word of jesus christ ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` no sir , i 've been living under a rock and as a child i was both deaf and blind . '' 
 he stared blankly in confusion as he tried to hand me a pamphlet . 
 `` if you believe , you save soul from hell . 
 you look like sad man . 
 god can make you happy . '' 
 he continued in his broken english . 
 i waved my hand at him to decline his offer of redemption but he continued with his rehearsed lines . 
 `` jesus loves all , god forgives all , '' he said . 
 you do n't need this . 
 eris loves , you need no forgiveness . 
 `` i 'm okay , fuck off , '' i said . 
 `` please , i only try to help . 
 please save yourself by giving yourself to god . '' 
 he went on . 
 he shrugged as i passed him and began targeting the next person to walk down the street . 
 the subway ride was strangely devoid of rambling lunatics that day . 
 my cell phone rang halfway through the filthy streets of chinatown . 
 i stopped walking to answer it and immediately felt the eyes of the street peddlers fix on me . 
 the massive torrent of people began to walk around me . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 it was a female voice , familiar , but impossible to pinpoint . 
 lacy ? 
 lucy ? 
 jessica ? 
 annie ? 
 it was times like these that made me regret cancelling the caller id function from my phone-plan in order to save a few dollars . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 i was stalling for time , hoping that i would recognize her voice before the conversation became awkward . 
 the street vendors drew closer , pushing through the swarm of people . 
 `` hey young man , you want to buy ? '' 
 said a vendor holding up a pair of imitation sunglasses . 
 `` no thank you . '' 
 i waved my hand at him , the cell phone still in my other hand . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` no sorry , not you . 
 there 's some random guy trying to sell me junk . '' 
 `` oh ... so i was wondering if you 'd like to join me for dinner tonight , '' she said . 
 `` two fifty , two fifty . '' 
 said an old lady in a beaten sunhat , shaking a bundle of vegetables in front of my face . 
 `` no thank you . '' 
 i said . 
 `` oh - okay then '' the girl on the phone said . 
 `` not you , just another person trying to sell me some crap , '' i said slightly agitated . 
 `` dinner sounds wonderful , where and when ? '' 
 `` i was thinking sushi at eight , '' she said . 
 i groaned in disapproval . 
 sushi was expensive and rarely kept me satisfied for very long . 
 `` fine , what if i paid ? '' 
 another vendor came at me with his wares . 
 he shoved a neon multicoloured battery fan in my face . 
 `` you see ? 
 very popular , very popular . '' 
 `` one second . '' 
 i said before putting my hand over my cell phone 's transmitter . 
 `` oy . 
 i do n't want your shit , fuck off . '' 
 the vendor backed off . 
 a few pedestrians stared , suddenly i was the nuisance . 
 i removed my hand from the transmitter . 
 `` sorry about that . '' 
 `` do n't worry about it . 
 i hate people bothering me as much as you do , remember ? '' 
 she said . 
 i still had no idea who i was talking to . 
 sarah ? 
 becky ? 
 `` yeah , '' i lied , `` and if you 're paying then sushi sounds amazing . '' 
 `` ha-ha , alright you cheap bastard . 
 i 'll meet you at eight on the prospect-union subway platform . 
 see you then . '' 
 `` bye , '' she hung up , my cell phone closed with a snap . 
 i had succeeded in avoiding an awkward conversation but failed to recognize the voice . 
 amanda ? 
 nancy ? 
 i gave up my guessing game as i approached work 's steel door . 
 i figured that i would find out who she was when eight rolled around . 
 i knocked twice . 
 i knocked once . 
 i knocked twice again . 
 the door opened . 
 i glared down the new kid , threw my jacket on a coat-hook , and descended into the warm darkness of the basement . 
 aleksi came in a few minutes after . 
 `` look who 's the late fucker now ?! '' 
 i said . 
 `` hey , good morning to you too , fuck-face ! '' 
 he said back . 
 we smiled and began our work . 
 my mind was soon swarmed by thoughts of eris . 
 the same endless loop of obsessive thoughts ran through my head : her smile , her laugh , her scent , her smile , her laugh , her scent . 
 work ended , and i retired my train of thought for another work day . 
 on my way out with aleksi , i shouted goodbye to berne . 
 `` dinner ? '' 
 aleksi said . 
 i was half-way to mouthing yes when i remembered my plans to score a free meal of sushi from a familiar stranger . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 i 've got somewhere else to be . '' 
 `` you ? 
 you never have any place to be . 
 do n't tell me you 're rushing home to jerk-off ! '' 
 `` fuck you ! 
 i 've got dinner plans with someone . '' 
 `` bullshit ! 
 with who ?! '' 
 aleksi was starting to get on my nerves again . 
 `` someone , an old friend . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` so you 're going out to dinner with someone you do n't know ... is it a guy or a girl ? '' 
 `` girl , what diff - '' `` bullshit ! 
 it 's probably some fat guy with one of those voice changers ! '' 
 `` the fu - '' `` then he 's going to meet up with you , drug you , kill you , and then have sex with your corpse before selling it on the black-market ! '' 
 i could n't help but smile at the mental image aleksi was conjuring up . 
 `` fuck you , '' he said `` i 'm perfectly serious here ! '' 
 `` yeah , yeah , '' i said as i walked away from aleksi , `` fuck off , i 'm going to dinner . '' 
 `` i 'll see you on the front page of the newspapers tomorrow then ! '' 
 he yelled after me , `` i 'll be sure to make a beautiful speech at your funeral , you fucker ! '' 
 i looked back at aleksi and waved goodbye , stupid grins plastered on our faces . 
 pushing through the ocean of people i made my way towards the subway station . 
 the street vendors were perched like vultures at their stalls , yelling , scanning for potential customers . 
 there was no point in which i slowed or stopped , no chance for the vendors to close in . 
 i stopped when i reach the doors of the subway station for the last half of my breakfast cigarette . 
 a beggar sat within arm 's reach , a paper cup filled with change lay at his feet . 
 i rattled my pack of cigarettes and counted the few that remained . 
 `` spare a few cents ? '' 
 the beggar said through broken teeth . 
 he smelled of sweat and cheap alcohol . 
 he reeked of weakness . 
 i spat the remains of my cigarette into the beggar 's cup . 
 he cursed at me but was too weak to cause real trouble . 
 `` fucking piece of shit . 
 fuck you man . '' 
 i did n't pay him any mind , and walked into the subway terminal . 
 prospect-union station was just a few stops from chinatown . 
 the train was crowded by the late rush hour . 
 i watched the colours streak across the subway window to take my mind off of the thick musk of mixed body odours and recycled air . 
 `` prospect-union station is next , prospect-union , '' a female recording announced . 
 the subway slowed as it approached the station before jerking to a stop . 
 the doors played their three-note tune and slid open . 
 i let go of the steel pole i had anchored myself to . 
 the mob began to smash against me as i tried to leave . 
 `` hey ass hole , watch where you 're standing . '' 
 `` get the fuck out of my way , idiot , '' they screamed as they blindly bumped into me . 
 i held my ground on the subway platform and the mass of people slowly disappeared through stairways and broken escalator exits . 
 as the crowd faded i spotted a girl that stood on the other end of the platform . 
 she was the only person , other than myself , who did not leave the platform or get on to the subway . 
 she stood just far enough for me to be unable to clearly see her face . 
 the train began to leave as she began to walk towards me ; strands of her long black hair blew across her face , and i was left unable to recognize her even as she drew closer . 
 though she seemed more concerned about the way she was walking , her eyes affixed to the ground . 
 she only shot quick glances at me to ensure that she was still going the right direction . 
 she took careful calculative movements as if she were walking through some tripwire minefield . 
 the train finished pulling away and the light gust died , though loose strands of hair still clung to her face . 
 she was five or six steps away from me , still staring at ground , drawing closer with careful steps . 
 she nearly collided with me but thankfully decided to looked up when my feet were within her vision . 
 `` hi jo , '' she said after brushing away her hair and smiling . 
 it was rean , and she knew that i hated being called jo . 
 we left the station and i followed her lead . 
 `` where have you been ? 
 i have n't seen you the past few months , '' i said . 
 `` oh you know , i like to disappear from time to time . '' 
 `` yeah , you always had a knack for that . '' 
 `` working huh ? '' 
 `` yep , retail with berne and aleksi . '' 
 `` aleksi still a jack ass ? '' 
 `` yep , '' i smiled . 
 `` you know your voice never sounds like you when you speak on the phone , '' i said . 
 `` yeah , i 'm pretty sure you 've said this before . '' 
 rean lead with a slow pace . 
 this side of town was always depressing to me . 
 years ago it was a nice neighbourhood , but it had since been swallowed by ghettos that had surrounded it . 
 the once respectable businesses had fled ; the few stalls that remained were converted into liquor stores with reinforced windows , temporary job offices filled with rejects and burnouts , homeless shelters , instant cash centres , and corner stores armed to the brim with video cameras . 
 it was a strange place to be looking for sushi , but knowing rean i decided that it was not too unusual . 
 the sun set as she was slowly leading the way to the restaurant . 
 the handful of working street lights flickered on and bathed everything in an orange glow : the broken newspaper boxes , the tipped over mail boxes , the dead street lamps . 
 `` you sure you know where we 're going ? '' 
 i asked as drug-addicts began to argue behind us . 
 i gripped my knife . 
 `` positive , '' she said `` just relax . 
 i 've never lead you wrong . '' 
 `` eh ? 
 i 'm not too certain about that one . 
 remember that time , wi - '' `` remember that time i introduced you to eris ? '' 
 she knew how to shut me up . 
 we came to a large alley between an apartment complex and the back of a mostly abandoned strip-mall . 
 a brightly lit restaurant illuminated the dim alley-way and all its blemishes : broken shards of glass and plastic , pools of black water , forgotten garbage heaps , and the occasional forgotten person . 
 `` open '' , a neon sign flashed repetitively . 
 streaks and oily finger prints marred the restaurant windows . 
 the restaurant 's plastic strip sign appeared to have been smashed by several bricks , though the sign 's light was still lit . 
 nothing remained of the restaurant 's name , though the very end of the sign was still intact . 
 `` ushi '' it read . 
 a small bell jingled when we entered the restaurant . 
 a middle-aged chinese man stood behind a sushi bar counter reading a newspaper . 
 a paper chef 's hat sat awkwardly on his head . 
 `` please sit , '' he said , looking up from the newspaper . 
 he yelled into the back of restaurant in chinese , something to the effect of : come on out , that weird white girl brought one of her punk friends for us . 
 i guess he thought i was n't chinese . 
 a fair assumption , one that i had often encouraged . 
 the restaurant itself was a small place with dirt engrained floors . 
 a ledge protruded from the sushi bar , serving as the only table . 
 we sat down to half empty soy sauce bottles from a no-name soy sauce company ; disposable chopsticks that claimed to be bamboo ; tattered printer paper photocopied with the menu . 
 everything was sticky and smelled sweetly of soy sauce . 
 old orange caviar stuck to the table . 
 asian pop music played faintly from a dusty boom box . 
 an old chinese woman came scuttling out of the back . 
 she pulled a notepad from her stained apron . 
 rean was already firing off orders before she could ask us what we wanted . 
 `` i 'll have - he 'll have - '' was all i could understand . 
 the waitress was having difficulty keeping up with the rate that rean was spitting out orders ; nodding and scribbling at blinding speed . 
 when the bombardment of orders finally ended the small chinese woman shuffled up to the sushi bar , slapped the order slip on to the counter , and disappeared to the back . 
 the chinese man jumped from the loud slapping of the slip . 
 his attention had been completely fixated on his newspaper . 
 cursing the woman as she passed him by , he threw his paper into a corner and produced a large cleaver from under the table . 
 the cleaver looked rusted and dull but it made no difference as the man began to violently hammer slabs of fish into small pieces . 
 when there would be sufficient number of pieces he would throw the slab of fish back into the fridge and grab a different slab . 
 i stared as the man hammered away at a wide range of sea-life . 
 `` so how has life been treating you ? '' 
 rean said . 
 i stopped staring at the man to find rean staring at me . 
 her cheek resting on her hand . 
 i hate being caught off-guard . 
 i never know how to react fast enough , and i never come off as witty or intelligent . 
 `` uh - same ol' , '' i said . 
 the man continued to loudly hammer away . 
 rean threw a pair bamboo chopsticks at me . 
 they snapped unevenly and were covered in fine splinters . 
 `` oh yeah ? '' 
 she said , `` you really do n't look like you 've been through the same ol' lately . '' 
 `` yeah well , my budget has been tight . '' 
 `` just remember to eat . '' 
 the chinese man stopped his hammering and began yelling for the lady in the back . 
 his job was done and he could go back to being indifferent . 
 grabbing his newspaper , he returned to the position we found him in . 
 `` i do n't think it 's possible to forget . '' 
 the old woman came hurrying out from the back and picked up the plate of freshly hammered flesh . 
 `` do n't be a smart-ass jon , and do n't make me worry . '' 
 `` i 'll be fine , '' i said , `` i know what i 'm doing , i can take care of myself . '' 
 the food arrived in place of an awkward silence . 
 rean reached over to the soy sauce bottle , pouring a small plastic saucer full for each of us . 
 we picked at the multicoloured platter of raw fish . 
 she stared at me as she carefully put piece after piece of soy-sauce drenched flesh into her mouth . 
 `` so how are things with eris ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` they 're alright i guess . '' 
 `` you guess ? '' 
 `` well , i have n't really heard from her lately . '' 
 `` that 's odd , when was the last time you heard from her ? '' 
 `` about a week ago , '' i said . 
 eating and the faint beat of an asian pop song replaced the arrival of another awkward silence . 
 `` i heard from her just the other day , '' she said . 
 a split second of outrage overcame me . 
 my hands shook as i put down the chopsticks . 
 quickly my mind started jumping from one rationalization to another : perhaps she just wanted to talk to rean ; perhaps she was online while i was at work or while i was asleep ; perhaps she 's been extremely busy with work ; perhaps her internet was buggy ; perhaps she was in a rush ; perhaps , perhaps , perhaps . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 rean said as she put her hand atop mine . 
 snapping back to reality , i withdrew my hand . 
 `` yeah , i 'm fine . 
 what did eris say ? '' 
 `` nothing really , she was only online briefly . 
 she seemed like she was in a hurry . 
 i think she 's doing well though . 
 are you sure you 're okay ? '' 
 she was in a hurry . 
 that 's why i did n't see her . 
 she was in a hurry . 
 `` yeah i 'm fine . '' 
 i picked up my pair of chopsticks and forced a smile . 
 rean was staring again . 
 my hands were shaking . 
 `` jon , '' she said `` you are n't fine . 
 you look like hell . 
 you 're wasting away . 
 it 's like you 've forgotten how to take care of yourself . '' 
 i opened my mouth to speak but she kept going . 
 `` i know , i know . 
 this is for eris . 
 i know you 're doing everything you can to get to her , but you need to slow down . '' 
 `` i understand , you 're right , '' i lied . 
 at that point i would have said anything to get her to stop talking . 
 there 's nothing i dislike more than someone who does n't know what they 're talking about . 
 dinner dragged on . 
 picking surgically at the pile of raw fish with uneven utensils . 
 awkward exchanges of glances . 
 more standard issue small talk . 
 sipping water from styrofoam cups . 
 the pop music droned endlessly on . 
 the old man coughed and hacked as he read his paper . 
 the old woman shuffled in the back , knocking pots and pans as she went . 
 finally we were down to the last piece of fish . 
 `` rean ? '' 
 i said , lifting the plate to offer her the piece . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` i know you 're close friends with eris . '' 
 `` yeah , and ? '' 
 `` could you promise me one thing ? '' 
 `` sure ? '' 
 she said as she picked up the last piece of fish with her chopsticks . 
 `` could you promise to keep an eye on eris for me ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 `` promise ? '' 
 for the first time that night i looked rean straight in the eyes . 
 `` i promise everything will be alright . 
 i 'll make sure eris is okay . '' 
 she said , devouring the last piece of raw flesh before flashing a smile . 
 the old woman came with the bill . 
 rean paid and i received cold looks from the old woman . 
 you are the cheapest date . 
 are you even a man ? 
 i felt that these were only a few of the words she wanted to share with me . 
 we left the restaurant and the gaudy district together , before parting ways on the subway platform . 
 rean held me before we went through our separate turnstiles . 
 `` do n't worry , '' she said , `` everything will be alright . '' 
 she smiled , waved , and disappeared down the stairs to her platform . 
 it felt cold after she released me from her hold . 
 it felt as if i had rediscovered a good friend . 
 `` everything will be alright , '' i repeated softly to myself . 
 i went back the way i came , the standard sounds , the usual suspects , a rationed cigarette , looking left and then right before opening my door , being greeted by the silence of an empty apartment . 
 the things i had grown accustom to . 
 the wind howled , rattling the apartment windows as it blew . 
 i turned on a light , threw my keys on the table , and shuffled to the washroom . 
 it was thursday , it had been three days since i last used hot water to wash myself . 
 the tub was plugged with an old rubber stopper spotted with harmless black mould . 
 grit and grim clung to the sides of the porcelain tub . 
 i released the water from the tap and steam steadily filled the small room . 
 i sat on the edge of the tub after undressing and submerged my feet beneath the slowly rising water . 
 ` if only hot water was not so damned expensive , ' i thought to myself before shutting off the flow . 
 i slid into the tub , immersing myself until the water was just beyond my ears and closed my eyes . 
 everything in the building could be heard under the water : the slow dragging inhales and exhales of my breath ; the light hearted drip of the faucet ; the old rattling of rusty pipes ; the hundreds of conversations and the hundreds of television sets that merged into a comforting drone ; the handful of arguments distorted as high pitched whines and bass heavy thuds . 
 the warm water kissed my tired beaten body . 
 everything was one and for a moment i found peace . 
 my phone began to ring after i had been lying in the tub for several moments in easeful suspension . 
 `` fuuuuck , '' i said to myself , almost asleep . 
 lifting myself up was a chore , every muscle was soft and useless . 
 the warm water dripped down my body in small streams , the cold air began to creep in from the door . 
 i quickly wiped myself down with a ragged towel and threw on some pants . 
 for some reason i never did become fond of walking around my house naked . 
 my wrinkled fingertips met the plastic of the cell phone . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 water dripped down strands of hair and on to the carpet . 
 `` hey you . '' 
 it was eris , my heart felt like it was jump-started by a car battery . 
 `` oh - hey , where 've you been ? '' 
 i was fumbling and choking out my words . 
 `` just this and that . 
 i 'm sorry for not being around as often , things have really been busy . '' 
 she said . 
 how i missed her voice . 
 `` it 's alright . 
 i 've been busy as well . 
 so how are things in the new city ? '' 
 the small talk went on for another hour . 
 `` i 've got to go , '' she said this at least three times . 
 though every time she said it i would ignore her and keep talking , and the conversation would carry on as if she said nothing . 
 i tried to keep the conversation going for as long as possible , just anything to keep hearing her voice . 
 there were sounds of a door opening on eris ' end . 
 `` hey jon , i really got to go . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` yeah , but i 'll try to be around more . 
 hopefully i wo n't be so busy this week . '' 
 there were sounds of another person whispering in background . 
 `` aw , alright , fine . 
 i 'll let you go . '' 
 `` but i need to ask you something before i go . '' 
 `` sure thing ? '' 
 `` when are you depositing your paycheck ? '' 
 `` soon , i 'm doing it tomorrow . '' 
 `` alright . '' 
 `` was that it ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i was just curious . 
 stressed about money you know ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 the briefest of silences . 
 `` i love you , '' i said . 
 `` i really got ta run . 
 love you too , '' she said . 
 there were sounds of someone speaking and eris giggling as she hung up the phone . 
 something is n't right here . 
 `` shut up . '' 
 i said to myself . 
 it was the first time that i had been content in a while . 
 upon returning to the washroom the bathwater had run cold . 
 my body shook when i submerged myself . 
 no matter , i had fresh memories of eris to keep me warm now . 
 ii i awoke to the cold air . 
 my skin felt dry . 
 a slight taste of blood lingered in the back of my throat to remind me of the life still within me . 
 my eyes were still out of focus as i stumbled around my room . 
 after grabbing my jacket i fell back into bed , and sat there for several moments while rubbing my eyes . 
 my eyes finally focused and i looked out my window . 
 the city was covered in snow , like a coke-fiend 's dream or a diabetic nightmare . 
 rooftops of houses were lightly dusted , and the streets were choked . 
 traffic piled up on the roads , loud horns and screams of frustration . 
 the snow flowed like a sandstorm in the violent winds . 
 i tip-toed and kicked my way through my messy apartment and got dressed for work . 
 the hallway was filled with the rattling of old heating pipes coming back to life . 
 the taste of blood left my throat after spitting up a glob in the hallway . 
 `` i fucking hate winter , '' i said to myself . 
 down in the street everyone was bundled up to the point where only their eyes were visible . 
 how i wished i had been as smart . 
 the snow bit into the flesh of my face as it blew . 
 it invaded every crack and crevice ; there was never true shelter from the cold while on the streets . 
 the snow had begun turning different shades of black and grey ; muddied by car exhaust and dirty boots . 
 snow had already found its way into my shoes , it began to melt and wrinkle my feet . 
 i felt an uncomfortably damp squish with every step . 
 at least the streets were safer during this season . 
 the drug addicts and homeless retreated to their alley corners , exhaust vents , and charity shelters ; those that remained to beg ran the risk of being consumed by the cold . 
 instead their pathetic pleas for help were replaced by do-good volunteers who spoke on their behalf : `` hi there ! 
 would you like to donate to keep someone fed and warm this winter ? '' 
 i brushed them off with a wave of the hand . 
 the thugs and wanna-be tough guys resorted to prowling mall centres and staircases ; only very rarely did they venture out in the cold . 
 the floor of the subway station and the subway trains were slick with the black water of melted snow and scraps of abandoned newspapers . 
 everybody created a wet tick-tack tick-tack as they walked on the unstable ground . 
 a loud crack came from the subway stairway , followed by the sound of multiple people violently moving around . 
 `` help , someone help - he 's got a knife , '' a male voice yelled from behind the door ; `` they 're going to hurt me . '' 
 there were a few loud thuds . 
 the same voice yelled `` stop '' until the yelling turned into pathetic begging . 
 then there was a silence . 
 no body had stopped or stalled to help . 
 they blocked it out . 
 they made limitless excuses ; i do n't know him ; i do n't want to get involved ; i need to be somewhere . 
 i did n't bother burdening myself with such lies , there was no need for such weak tricks . 
 i was comfortable with the fact that i just did n't care . 
 the train arrived as the news screens blared a message about a missing boy . 
 tick-tack tick-tack . 
 the memory of the incident was overwritten by the sounds of the morning rush . 
 work was difficult . 
 every small discomfort would snap me out of my efforts to focus on thoughts of eris ; her sm - aleksi was smoking again in the work room ; her sce - the ceiling fan was out of sync , stalling at irregular intervals ; her - her - her - my mind was stuck , i snapped back to reality and discovered the source of my mental blockage . 
 `` and then this bitch was going crazy just yelling and yelling , i told her i did n't have her fucking dog ! '' 
 aleksi was ranting and raving about some drunken misadventure i could care less about . 
 `` oy aleksi ! '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` shut the fuck up , i 'm trying to think ! '' 
 `` fine , ass ! '' 
 aleksi pouted and took another puff of his cigarette . 
 the smoke swirled away from him , until dispersing in all directions upon hitting the invisible force of the faulty ceiling fan . 
 her sm - a breeze of aleksi 's cigarette smoke blew in my face and i found myself craving a cigarette . 
 her sce - a loud bang came from upstairs . 
 her lau - the chemical smell of burning plastic pervaded the air as aleksi carefully sealed another package . 
 her - her-her - `` so then i threw that bitch out on her ass ! '' 
 aleksi laughed like an idiot . 
 work would drag on that day . 
 my mind was unable to relocate myself to happier places , to memories of eris . 
 i was stuck in reality , and it made reality all the more unbearable . 
 work came to an eventual end after an eternity of aleksi 's rants , wandering clouds of cigarette smoke , sudden noises , toxic chemicals , and the oppressive idiosyncratic whir of the ceiling fan . 
 berne caught us as we were heading out the exit and handed us our paychecks . 
 aleksi pointed out the door and asked `` dinner ? '' 
 berne shook his head , `` i ca n't tonight , i 've got to get this new shipment out . 
 you guys enjoy though . '' 
 aleksi turned his finger to me `` him !? 
 he does n't eat , he 's like a woman ! '' 
 i gave aleksi a swift punch to the shoulder . 
 he hit me back . 
 `` what !? 
 are you saying you want to eat out tonight !? '' 
 he had my number , i was n't going to eat out that night . 
 i needed to save the few extra dollars . 
 my heart pounded . 
 `` fuck you aleksi ! '' 
 berne laughed as parts of my face became a dull red . 
 `` alright c'mon , if you two are going to fight then fight outside . 
 i 've got work to do . '' 
 berne said as he opened the backdoor for us . 
 the sun had already set . 
 the snow reflected the sickly orange glow of the street lamps . 
 aleksi raised his fists as we walked out . 
 `` c'mon tough guy '' he said with a stupid grin painted across his face . 
 i pushed him and told him to fuck off before breaking out in laughter . 
 the cold air filled my lungs . 
 aleksi reached into his pocket and offered a cigarette . 
 we smoked in silence as we walked through the back alleys and streets . 
 the fresh snow had hidden many of the city 's blemishes , though the city salt-trucks and ploughs always ensured a certain level of ugliness . 
 the loose rattle of wind-swept garbage was replaced by the squish of pulped paper and the crinkle of plastic under our feet . 
 soon the snow would be claimed by the city , darkened by the fumes , consumed by the waste . 
 large bundles of electrical cables snaked overhead , coiling themselves around the low-rise buildings . 
 old heating units worked full-blast , their fans pushing air into the night . 
 we walked past restaurants , windows full of happy diners . 
 the city sky-scrapers loomed in the distance . 
 the taste of engine exhaust , the smell of food and garbage . 
 the stores were closing . 
 goods were reorganized in small spaces , dismembered mannequins prepared for a night 's rest , the last flicker of a light . 
 store keepers pulled down security gates spray-painted with tags and pictures . 
 there would be no purpose in cleaning the metal sheets , as every night they would be marked with a new tag or mural . 
 we reached the intersection where we would go our separate ways . 
 an old homeless man grumbled from beneath a snow covered blanket . 
 i gripped my knife while waving goodbye to aleksi . 
 one eye constantly trained on the old man , one hand never letting go of the knife . 
 i would go on without aleksi but i would not be alone . 
 there was never anyone who was truly alone . 
 there would always be the thugs watching for their mark ; the sexual deviants waiting for their victims ; the street-side prophet preaching to the people ; the myriad of nameless and faceless pedestrians ; the neighbour listening through your thin apartment walls , watching the streets through his window ; the eternal gaze of security and traffic cameras . 
 i finished aleksi 's cigarette and kicked the flaming butt with my foot . 
 it twirled and sparked until it hit the ground and extinguished itself upon the snow . 
 a young girl with crimson red hair was curled up in the bank entrance , piercings adorned every other feature . 
 she counted the small coffee cup of change she had acquired , a cardboard sign read : `` lost . 
 need money to get home . '' 
 it was clear she had no intention of returning home , it was even more clear that she did not belong to this life . 
 soon the city would claim her like the snow . 
 darkened by the fumes and consumed by the waste . 
 i inserted my plastic atm card into the machine . 
 the machine welcomed me and thanked me for being a loyal customer . 
 the buttons were old and worn from the touch of thousands of customers before me . 
 the keys refused to recognize half the commands i entered . 
 would you like to make a withdrawal ? 
 deposit how much would you like to withdraw ? 
 `` no ! 
 fucking machine ! '' 
 cancel welcome valued customer ! 
 we thank you for choosing - `` fuckin ' - '' deposit how much would you like to withdraw ? 
 `` fuck ! '' 
 i smacked the side of the machine . 
 this went on for a good while until i finally managed my smack and swear my way onto the deposit screen . 
 the girl sat there silently looking down at her small cup of change . 
 i had to make this payment , it was around tuition time for eris ' university . 
 i had been giving her whatever cash i could spare . 
 after years of abuse , her less than functional family had abandoned her when she was eighteen . 
 she worked endless shifts at dead-end jobs in order to save up enough money to attempt university , by this point we had already been seeing each other for a year . 
 at first i only attributed small sums to help her along , by the time she had moved to university i was paying for nearly everything . 
 i would sacrifice living my own life so that she may live her 's . 
 this was the price i was willing to pay for her . 
 when i finally saved up enough money to move out there , when i would finally be able to be there to share in her happiness , my suffering would be worth it . 
 it would only be another two weeks until i had enough money . 
 only two more weeks of this pathetic existence . 
 it had been two years , what was another two weeks ? 
 would you like a receipt ? 
 no . 
 printing receipt . 
 `` i hate you . '' 
 account balance : 0.00 `` i fucking hate you and you 're fucking broken . '' 
 the girl looked up at me as i left the bank . 
 `` spare some change ? '' 
 her voice was weak . 
 i stared at her , my hand on my knife , and kept walking . 
 the voice in my head would not cease cackling . 
 when i returned home i finally was able to remove my shoes and let my wrinkled feet breathe . 
 that night i would call eris , and stay up next to the computer waiting for any sign of her . 
 after hours of fruitless waiting i drifted off at my chair . 
 ii.ii chemistry class had ended and it was a good hour before the start of my next class . 
 the high school hallways were always strangely reflective . 
 i sat and rested my back against the cold metal lockers . 
 rean came walking down the hallway , her arms swaying in wild exaggeration . 
 she twisted her head completely sideways as she began to walk past me . 
 `` hi jo . '' 
 her hair hung at an unfamiliar angle . 
 `` do n't call me that . 
 how 's it going ? 
 how did the chem test treat you ? '' 
 `` oh jo , it was n't too horrible . 
 i heard your class had it rougher . '' 
 `` eh , it was n't too hard . '' 
 `` haha . 
 you 're always so confident . '' 
 `` i 'm invincible until proven otherwise , '' i said with a smile . 
 `` so i have a favour to ask , '' she said cranking her neck back upright . 
 `` oh yeah ? '' 
 `` i 've got a friend , she 's kind of new in town . '' 
 `` yeah ? 
 and ? '' 
 `` and i promised to show her around town tonight but i forgot i had made other plans with my family . 
 so ... i 'm wondering if you 'd like to take her out tonight . '' 
 `` so a date essentially . '' 
 `` something like that . '' 
 `` what 's her name ? '' 
 `` eris . '' 
 `` eris ? 
 is n't she that weird art student ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 that 's been said about her ... '' `` no way . '' 
 `` oh come on . '' 
 `` no , she 's weird and it 'd just be awkward and horrible . '' 
 `` come on jon , do it for me . 
 i swear i 'll make it up to you . '' 
 i stared at her silently . 
 `` please ? 
 as a friend ? 
 i 'll be so very grateful , '' she begged . 
 `` god damn it rean . 
 fine . 
 you owe me big time for this . '' 
 rean never did repay me for the favour . 
 ii.iii the next morning was the same as the others . 
 it felt like i was being revived by a defibrillator ; a sudden pain and a gasp for air . 
 it was saturday , no work . 
 despite being employed in a black-market sweatshop our hours were fair and we got the weekends off like everybody else . 
 it was one of the only ways we got to feel normal law-abiding citizens . 
 stale bread with old peanut butter and tap-water . 
 i drank from a chipped mug , i ate off a plate i reserved for bread and never cleaned . 
 i smoked half a cigarette to give myself the illusion of fullness , and washed it down with another glass of water . 
 there was never much to do on weekends . 
 on a good day i would go outside and wander the streets at a snail-like pace . 
 though most days i find myself hiding inside . 
 surviving off my one complete meal of the day . 
 taking my cold shower . 
 killing time through television shows pirated from the internet . 
 waiting , hoping for a sign of eris . 
 thankfully i had a purpose to go outside due to the malfunctioning atm of the previous night . 
 i needed to withdraw a small amount of cash in order to sustain my minimal existence . 
 dragging myself down to the bank on an empty stomach was a chore . 
 the afternoon sun reflected off whatever white snow was left and stabbed at my eyes . 
 the cold began to overcome my layers of clothing . 
 the familiar sensation of melting snow filled my shoes . 
 vapour trailed from everyone 's breath , chimney stacks of every kind , sewers , and vents . 
 it was as if everything had been engulfed in a great invisible fire . 
 the bank was inside a mall , or what was originally intended to be a mall . 
 the mall concept never really took off . 
 the entrance was lined with heaters that endlessly blasted hot-air to keep the cold from overtaking the mall . 
 it was humid , suffocating . 
 other than the bank , there were a few stores owned by fresh immigrants who sold gaudy counterfeit goods . 
 bright golden plastic adorned hand bags in a bad imitation of gold . 
 dull pink outfits made of a cheap velvet collected dust in window displays . 
 most of the mall was empty , just countless hollow stalls with no lighting . 
 the mall would seem completely abandoned if it were not the sounds of distant footsteps and the constant ambient mall music . 
 a cardboard cut-out advised me to invest . 
 a pale green sign hung overhead the entrance . 
 i avoided the tellers and went straight for the machines . 
 would you like to make a withdrawal ? 
 yes . 
 how much ? 
 100 . 
 insufficient funds . 
 `` what ? '' 
 check balance . 
 account balance : 0.00 `` what the fuck . 
 you stupid piece of shit , '' i said as i smacked the side of the machine . 
 check balance . 
 account balance : 0.00 i smacked the machine again . 
 `` fucking broken atms . '' 
 people glanced at me , careful not to make eye contact . 
 after trying every atm in the bank i managed to gather the attention of every bank teller , customer , and security guard . 
 `` god damn machines , '' i said to myself while walking up to the front desk , security guards trailed behind me . 
 the voice in my head was cackling now . 
 `` hi , '' i said with a half-amused face ; the other half was extremely frustrated . 
 `` hello sir , how may i help you today ? '' 
 `` yeah , your machines are broken . 
 or your system is broken . 
 something is broken . 
 because it keeps telling me that i have no money in my account . '' 
 `` alright just let me double check your account history for you , '' he entered a few keys and made a series of concerned faces , as if to convey to me that this well-rehearsed ritual was still new to him . 
 `` i 'm sorry , there was a withdrawal made sometime last night , the account is empty , '' he said . 
 `` there has to be a mistake , '' my eyes widened , my heart pounded . 
 `` no mistake , the withdrawal was made last night by the co-owner of the account . 
 this was around the time that you also made a deposit , as our records show . '' 
 he turned the computer screen , the numbers were all there . 
 `` fuck you , '' it felt like i was losing control of my arms again . 
 `` sir ? '' 
 `` fuck you and fuck this bank , you 're all a bunch of god damn scammers . '' 
 i slammed the table . 
 `` i 'm going to have to ask you to leave , '' he was afraid , trying to assert an authority he did not have . 
 `` fuckin ' , '' i said to myself . 
 the security guards drew closer , `` get the fuck away from me , i 'm leaving . '' 
 i pushed the guards out of my way and stumbled through the mall . 
 the crackling cackle of fuzzy mall speakers followed me . 
 the music played for a non-existent audience . 
 an unknowable tune . 
 my hand shook as i dialled eris from my address book . 
 the phone rang , the dial tones dragged on for what seemed like eternities . 
 the mall speakers continued to chirp . 
 answering machine : `` hello this is eris - '' i hung up and dialled again . 
 dial tone . 
 the cackle of mall music . 
 dial tone . 
 `` hello this is - '' `` god damn it , '' it felt as if i was coming undone . 
 dial tone . 
 `` hello this is eris , please leave a message and i 'll get back to you as soon as possible . '' 
 beep . 
 `` eris ? 
 someone has taken the money , the account is empty . 
 get back to me as soon as you get this message , '' i hung up . 
 the voice in my head laughed . 
 someone . 
 it repeated that word over and over , drowning out all else . 
 someone . 
 my steps were automated and heavy , guiding me through the catacomb of a mall . 
 the distant foot-steps of invisible patrons circled me . 
 the glare of restless security cameras . 
 the crackling cackle of those omnipresent speakers . 
 stale . 
 the shine of gaudy faux golden wares hanging in dusty displays . 
 the oppressive stale heat of the entrance was replaced by the cold as i pushed myself through the front doors . 
 the cold air mixed with car exhaust , cigarettes , and unidentifiable fumes . 
 i dialled eris ' number again . 
 dial tone . 
 the rush of traffic and the marching of pedestrians . 
 dial tone . 
 `` pick up , pick up , pick up , '' i struggled with my words as the cold choked the warmth from my lungs . 
 `` hello this is eris , please - '' i hung up and dialled again . 
 someone ... someone ... someone ... my heart raced as my mind tried to rationalize the situation . 
 `` this is a dream . '' 
 dial tone . 
 `` this is not happening , wake up damn it . '' 
 dial tone . 
 `` you 're having a nightmare . '' 
 `` hello this is eris , pl - '' her scent . 
 the same clean-cut korean preacher from the other day tried to stop me . 
 his lips moved but i could not hear him speak . 
 `` maybe it was an accident . '' 
 dial tone . 
 the preacher motioned at me as if he had never seen me before . 
 he continued to wave pamphlets in my face as i walked past him . 
 `` maybe the bank messed up . '' 
 dial tone . 
 `` maybe eris made a mistake . '' 
 `` hello this is eri - '' her scent . 
 i was almost outside of my apartment now . 
 `` maybe if i close my eyes long enough i 'll wake up next to eris and i can tell her about this nightmare i had . '' 
 dial tone . 
 `` hello thi - '' the first time that she told me she loved me . 
 i stood outside my apartment and reached for my pack of cigarettes , my hands were shaking . 
 someone , someone , someone . 
 the pack was in my hand as reached for my lighter . 
 my lighter - i could not find my lighter . 
 `` maybe i dropped it , maybe i left it on the table , maybe - '' my mind raced . 
 my arm surged . 
 `` what the fuck , '' i said to myself . 
 nothing was working . 
 i punched the parking meter next to me , smashing my hand against the hard steel , the skin ruptured open and blood began to flow freely down my fingertips . 
 pedestrians broke step to briefly glance at me . 
 a small trail of blood shadowed my retreat into the apartment . 
 i stood alone in my elevator , bleeding on the control panel as i mashed the button for my floor . 
 the doors shuddered open . 
 i did not bother checking my flanks as i entered my apartment , i did not even bother turning on the lights . 
 these details seemed trivial . 
 the city lights dimly lit my apartment in a blueish hue . 
 i found my way to bed and threw myself atop the dirty sheets . 
 it felt as if my mind had collapsed . 
 all my gears crushed one another into dust . 
 all my circuits were fried . 
 wires crisscrossing in a mess of molten plastic . 
 toxic fumes exuded from every pore . 
 numb . 
 i will be alright . 
 numb . 
 i will be okay . 
 numb . 
 this will be alright . 
 flat line . 
 later i woke in the dead of the early morning . 
 four in the morning , the sun was still far from rising . 
 the pitch black cold clashed with the sleeping city 's lights and heaters . 
 all was silent outside save for the odd passing car . 
 my bones felt hollow , i could barely stand . 
 the sheets had scabbed over my shattered hand . 
 i tore my hand from the sheets and wobbled over to the computer as i bled . 
 nobody was online , nobody was awake . 
 there was no sign of eris . 
 no message explaining that everything had been one big mix up . 
 everything i touched became bloodied . 
 i sat , basking in the blue light of the monitor . 
 i tried to call her again . 
 the same dial tones . 
 `` hell - '' her laugh . 
 my mind sparked to a distant memory . 
 eris lied on top of me , her head pressed into my chest . 
 we had been lying there for hours not saying a word . 
 it was mid-summer , the warm air lulled us into sleepy states . 
 the sun was setting and produced a vibrant orange hue as it shone through the city 's pollution . 
 she held me tightly , looked up and said , `` i love you , do n't ever change . '' 
 i kissed her on the forehead and she buried her face back into my chest . 
 my mind sparked back and i found myself shaking , sitting next to the bed where that memory was born . 
 for the first time in the longest time i found myself on the verge of tears . 
 a woman 's scream echoed through the empty city streets , it was followed by laughter . 
 i looked down at the bloodied keypad of the phone and threw it across the room . 
 `` there 's no room for weakness here , '' i said to myself . 
 sunday . 
 i spent the day inside , sitting by my computer , constantly calling eris . 
 aleksi , berne , and rean all took turns coming online and asking about my day . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i told each of them . 
 you 're far from fine i faked interest in their conversations , talked to them about the most trivial things . 
 the day was spent lying to myself . 
 pacing back and forth in my apartment , amidst the ruin and rubble of the past three years . 
 everything would be okay . 
 everything is fine . 
 eris would never come . 
 every phone-call was met by the same number of dial tones followed by an answering machine . 
 every email would receive no response . 
 by nightfall i was starting to lose control , sitting in front of the blue glow of the computer screen . 
 the fatigue was creeping in , and the my grip on my mind was slipping . 
 soon my thoughts ran rampant , they wandered off and filled me with terror and doubt . 
 as the night dragged on more people began to abandon conversations for bed as my grip slipped further and further . 
 someone `` shut up , shut up . '' 
 aleksi said good bye before logging off to bed . 
 do you still think it 's someone ? 
 do you still think there 's any hope here ? 
 `` stop it . '' 
 do you still think she loves you ? 
 did she ever love you ? 
 `` fuck off . '' 
 berne logged off after saying good night . 
 did she ever understand how much you loved her ? 
 did you really do your best here ? 
 can you imagine her with someone else ? 
 someone else making her laugh . 
 someone else sharing her bed . 
 someone else being her world as you fade into an obscure and distant memory . 
 someone someone someone . 
 i could not take it . 
 it was too much . 
 i was suffocating . 
 there was only a handful of people still left awake , and of that handful there was only one person i could actually talk to . 
 rean was wishing me sweet dreams . 
 `` wait . '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` i do n't think i 'm okay . '' 
 `` what ? 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` everything . '' 
 ii.iv i went to work the next day . 
 it felt like i was witnessing everything behind a thick layer of glass . 
 all the sounds seemed muted , and all the colours seemed drab . 
 nothing was important . 
 my actions were all automated . 
 left . 
 right . 
 down the elevator . 
 down the street . 
 if someone strikes a threatening pose reach for the knife . 
 throw some change . 
 ride the subway . 
 get off . 
 push through chinatown . 
 go to work . 
 yell at aleksi . 
 work . 
 be social . 
 eat . 
 go home . 
 go online , talk to people . 
 lie in bed . 
 be normal , be okay , be fine . 
 i ate meals that revolved around stolen packets of soy sauce on white rice . 
 my beverages were based around stolen sugar and creamers . 
 i still clung on to the hope that eris would contact me , that this whole thing could be easily explained as some sort of horrific miscommunication . 
 some horrific event that someday we would look back upon and laugh . 
 i continued with my life of non-existence and began saving money again . 
 `` she 'll be back , '' i kept telling myself . 
 rean spoke to me whenever she could . 
 `` how are you holding up ? 
 are you alright ? 
 do you need me there right now ? 
 are you eating properly ? '' 
 she asked a million of these questions though she would never ask me if i had heard from eris . 
 when i would ask if she had heard anything from eris she would always tell me no . 
 a month would pass . 
 a long month , the kind that struggles and grinds at every second of every waking moment . 
 it became clear to me that eris was not coming back . 
 i had been betrayed . 
 the truth was hard to swallow and even harder to keep down . 
 during the day i would remind myself to be normal , be okay , be fine ; the day 's energy would keep my mental barriers strong while daily distractions would preoccupy my mind . 
 when nightfall came and the number of available distractions decreased and my barriers weakened , i would be left all alone with my thoughts . 
 it became a race to see if i could fall asleep before my thoughts could hijack my mind , take my sanity hostage , and begin making demands for closure . 
 so many nights lost staring into the void , the screaming of unanswered questions . 
 despite the near nightly hostage situations i would slowly pick through the rubble . 
 i would reclaim my life , hot baths , regular meals . 
 over the next two weeks any trace of eris was purged . 
 all the emails , the gifts , the photographs , the letters and cards , everything that reminded me of her was gradually cleared from my sight . 
 i could afford no weakness here . 
 the apartment was cleaned and cleared , everything was dumped or incinerated ; everything except for the photograph of her that hung above my bed . 
 i had unintentionally skipped over the picture as i was clearing the apartment , it had become such a part of my morning ritual that i failed to notice it at first . 
 one morning before work , a week after all vestiges of eris were purged , i became aware of its existence . 
 it was like coming across a corpse ; unexpected , unwanted , horrific and shocking , a mental jolt that cut straight through the back of the neck into the stem of the brain . 
 be normal , be okay , be fine . 
 a bit of dry wall came down with the picture when i peeled it off . 
 i had no clear recollection of when i had put up the photo . 
 `` i 'll be okay , i 'll be okay once i get her out of my head . 
 i just need to get her out of my head , '' i told myself . 
 her features distorted as i tore the photo in half . 
 her eyes and her smile were no longer her own . 
 i could not bring myself to destroy the photo any further , nor could i bring myself to part with it . 
 be normal , be okay , be fine . 
 i felt hollow , my bones were suddenly void of marrow . 
 the mental foundations i had hastily constructed were creaking and cracking under the pressure . 
 a bang came echoing in from the city streets . 
 i placed the pieces of the photo into my desk drawer and went to work . 
 berne and aleksi would realize what had happened through rean , but by that time two months had already passed . 
 the coldest days of winter were over but the city still remained a winter wasteland . 
 `` everything will be okay , i just need to get her out of my head . 
 i 'll just never open that drawer , '' i was lying to myself again . 
 you 're weak . 
 you 're spent . 
 you 'll be eaten alive . 
 my mind was propped up with rotten wood and reinforced with tape and glue . 
 everyday was like traversing a plane of thin glass ; the cracks never recovering , forcing me to move blindly forward , ever paranoid of when the ground will finally give out . 
 the sweat clung to my clothing and the shards of plastic film clung to my sweat . 
 it was the end of another workday . 
 the shipment was prepared and ready to deceive . 
 aleksi lit a cigarette and began puffing away . 
 i was too tired and hungry to bother , i just smiled at him . 
 he flipped me off and inhaled deeper before disappearing up the stairs . 
 i stood there for a while , inhaling the poisonous air of burnt plastics and cigarette smoke . 
 the ceiling fan cooled the sweat on my body as the warmth of the computers swirled around me . 
 a sickly mixture of chemicals and odd temperature . 
 i dragged my feet up the old wooden steps and was greeted by the sight of aleksi and berne already dressed in their coats . 
 they stared at me as if i had some horrible terminal illness . 
 `` what the fuck are you guys looking at ? '' 
 i asked the question but i already knew that this was going to be eris related . 
 `` nothing , we were just wondering if you wanted to join us for dinner , '' berne said . 
 it sounded like he was talking to a dying animal . 
 `` uh , sure ? '' 
 just as i answered the question the new kid popped his head in from the front room . 
 `` can i come too ? 
 i 'm starving , '' he said . 
 `` no , you 're closing up tonight , '' berne said . 
 `` but i closed last night . '' 
 `` shut the fuck up , new guy . 
 get to work . '' 
 `` hey - '' `` ebanaya suka ! 
 ede rabotat ! 
 - '' aleksi kept screaming in russian until the new kid gave up and went back to the front of the store to close up . 
 there was a moment of silence . 
 `` let 's go ? '' 
 i said as i motioned towards the door . 
 they guided me towards the noodle shop down the street . 
 the place made of plastic and neon . 
 i had no say in it , it was clear that this had been planned . 
 `` what you have ? '' 
 the weathered and clearly disgruntled woman spat out . 
 `` number four . '' 
 `` number six . '' 
 `` number nine , with a number two , and give us a round of beers , '' i said . 
 i looked up to awkward glances , it was clear that berne and aleksi were surprised by my new found appetite . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` nothing , '' berne said . 
 aleksi just stared . 
 we diverted our attentions to the myriad of muted televisions , each playing a different station : new and improved . 
 redemption . 
 1-800 - . 
 the odd gun shot . 
 the splash of water across an actor 's face . 
 coming soon . 
 corruption . 
 now playing . 
 please help . 
 four men shot today at - . 
 please donate . 
 bombings in - . 
 riveting . 
 i looked away just in time for the food to arrive . 
 unhealthily large portions of meat and noodles swimming in sink-sized pools of salted and fatty water . 
 i grabbed a spring roll with my left hand and shoved it into my mouth . 
 mushrooms , ground meat , and a fried outer layer all reduced to the same dull paste . 
 grease covered my left hand and lips . 
 i could not remember the last time i had this much food in front of me . 
 `` so , how have you been ? '' 
 berne said . 
 i shoveled into my bowl of noodles with a pair of chopsticks and pretended not to hear him . 
 my teeth gnashed against the flesh of what was once living . 
 `` we heard about eris , '' he continued . 
 i took another mouthful of food , i wanted to destroy something . 
 `` jon ! '' 
 aleksi snapped his fingers in front of me . 
 `` what ? 
 what do you want ? '' 
 `` we just want to know if you 're alright , we 're worried , '' berne said . 
 `` well do n't be . 
 i 've had worse - '' have you ? 
 `` - i 'll be fine , just eat . '' 
 `` but what about all the money you lost ? '' 
 aleksi said . 
 `` what about it ? 
 there 's always more money to be made , '' i said as i motioned my chopsticks towards berne and smiled , `` plus if she wants it then she can keep it . 
 i 'm done with her . 
 fucking bitch . '' 
 the last words clung to my throat as i said them . 
 i took a swig of the beer , cold and bitter , and wiped my mouth with my sleeve . 
 `` yeah ! 
 fuck her ! '' 
 aleksi said . 
 my arm twitched , a part of me wanted to hit him for saying that and i was n't sure why . 
 `` well , so long as you 're alright , '' berne said . 
 `` just shut up and eat , '' i faked a laugh . 
 aleksi and berne were only half way through their meal when i was nearly finished mine . 
 the noodles lost all taste , the meat was little better than eating dirt , and the soup-base began to taste like motor oil . 
 still i carried on until only tiny shards of noodles and meat remained in the soup . 
 the neon lights and television screens reflected in the layer of oil that floated above the soup itself . 
 it reminded me of the cheap multicoloured toys that were sold along chinatown . 
 i started clawing at the white garbage-bag plastic that covered our table , taking strange satisfaction in every rip and tear . 
 how it would initially refuse and then give way . 
 i downed the rest of my beer and threw my share of the bill onto the table . 
 `` alright , '' i said , `` i 've got to get going . '' 
 `` do n't worry about it , we 've got this one , '' berne said . 
 `` bullshit , you 're paying my salary . 
 i 'm not going to have you pay for my dinner as well . '' 
 berne tried to insist but i merely walked away with my money on the table . 
 i had enough of their pity . 
 i was not weak . 
 `` i 'll see you bastards later . '' 
 i did not need help , i had suffered through hell and i was n't going to let this inconvenience be the end of me . 
 not here , not now , not like this . 
 the blood rushed to my bloated stomach and made my steps feel laboured . 
 the alcohol warmed my skin against the dark winter night . 
 that was the last time aleksi and berne would try to console me directly . 
 though they would still approach me as if i were made of porcelain . 
 the hollow restless nights wore on . 
 i still needed answers , i demanded answers . 
 i picked up the phone and called the lobby to eris ' dorm . 
 `` hello , how may i help you ? '' 
 `` hi , i 'm a relative of eris mauzer 's and i 'd like to speak to her . '' 
 `` what room number is she in ? '' 
 `` six , one , one . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry sir , our building does n't have a sixth floor . 
 are you sure you have the right number ? '' 
 i did n't know what to say . 
 `` sir ? 
 is this a family emergency ? 
 sir ? '' 
 i hung up the phone and pulled eris ' crumpled photo from the desk drawer . 
 `` having fun in 611 , wish you were here . 
 - love eris '' it read on the back . 
 i threw the photo back into the drawer and wondered how many lies i had been fed over the years . 
 ` fucking bitch , ' i remembered myself saying . 
 you 're weak . 
 you 're spent . 
 you 'll be eaten alive . 
 the voices would laugh throughout the night . 
 eventually i 'd turn to drink to silence my mind and distort the voices . 
 a swig of rum , a shot of vodka , a taste of wine , anything to numb and dull . 
 the drink would keep me warm . 
 i woke up every morning dehydrated , disoriented , ill , and so very drained of life . 
 ii.v the telephone rang . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` wake up , you 're late for lunch . '' 
 it was rean . 
 i pressed my chin against my collar bone as i tried to decipher the time on the clock . 
 `` what time is it ? '' 
 i gave up after a minute of failed attempts . 
 `` three o'clock , '' she cut in almost immediately after my question . 
 `` fuck . '' 
 the light stung my eyes . 
 there was no express effort made to get out of bed . 
 `` yeah , we were suppose to meet at two , asshole . '' 
 i stared up at the white wall and the odd exposed spot . 
 the head ache was setting in , the toll of drinking yourself to sleep . 
 `` shit . 
 sorry . '' 
 `` you are not . 
 do n't lie , asshole . '' 
 unable to think of any witty or meaningful response , i merely told truth . 
 `` okay , i admit that i 'm too tired to feel sorry . '' 
 the toll of drinking yourself to sleep for too many nights in a row . 
 `` so are you going to come downstairs and grab lunch or what ? '' 
 `` buuuuuh . '' 
 i looked outside , the city still buried in a shallow grave of snow . 
 the cold seeped in from the windows and cooled my skin before being snuffed out by the warmth of the radiator . 
 they were all reminders of why i did not want to step outside . 
 `` english . 
 use your words . '' 
 `` buuuh ... '' `` you 're not going to come downstairs are you ? '' 
 silence . 
 `` you want me to bring food to you , do n't you ? '' 
 `` ... yeah . '' 
 `` asshole . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 she sighed , `` what do you want ? '' 
 `` just give me a number five . '' 
 `` alright , see you in about fifteen minutes . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 `` jon ? '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` i hate you . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 i hung up and let the phone drop wherever it pleased . 
 my eyes burned and my eye lids felt heavy . 
 cracked tiles , their ceramic shards stabbed into my naked feet . 
 my breath was visible in the cold . 
 i had a smile half cocked as i hover over a metal table . 
 a textured sheet of broken plastic was glued atop the table . 
 the small black and white specs . 
 a single light swung from overhead and illuminated the table . 
 it kept everything from being lost in the all consuming darkness of the unending room . 
 i smashed the table and felt the force of my blow dissipate before even making contact with the table . 
 looking up i saw the outline of a figure sitting across from me . 
 i clinched my teeth and my teeth began to shatter . 
 bone was all i tasted as blood flowed freely from my opened mouth . 
 i found myself laughing hysterically . 
 the figure sat forward . 
 a distorted familiar face . 
 `` you 're weak , '' she said . 
 there was a knock at my door . 
 a sharp intake of air . 
 i glanced over to the desk drawer . 
 another knock . 
 `` open up jo ! '' 
 it burned to open my eyes completely . 
 i opened the door squinting , dressed in boxers and a ragged t-shirt . 
 my hair was a mess , greasy strands standing as they pleased . 
 rean laughed , almost dropping the styrofoam containers that were stacked to her chin . 
 i could not help but notice the tiny foot-prints on my door . 
 `` what ? 
 i had no hands . 
 since someone was too lazy to come downstairs . '' 
 i nodded and moved aside to let her in . 
 the door locked with a snap . 
 `` where should i put these ? '' 
 she said , slightly lifting the containers . 
 `` uh ... '' the old wreckage had been replaced by the new . 
 empty bottles of vodka , loose change , food crumbs , fliers , and bills covered every surface . 
 `` sorry , '' i said , and cleared the kitchen table . 
 the papers crunched and cracked , and the glass bottles clinked and clanked as they were thrown and jammed into the kitchen waste basket . 
 rean placed the containers on the table , methodically placing and opening each one . 
 roasted meat seasoned with spice , potatoes , cheeses , fresh vegetables . 
 it was almost too much life for me to handle . 
 `` so how have you been holding up ? '' 
 she said while glancing at the collection of empty vodka bottles that had accumulated in the corner of the room . 
 she had caught me with this question while i was ripping flesh from a stick . 
 `` i 've been alright . '' 
 i suddenly became aware of the stench of alcohol that clung to my skin . 
 `` alright ... just do n't make me worry . '' 
 `` then stop worrying . '' 
 `` jack ass . '' 
 the conversation died and the apartment was filled only with sounds of ripping flesh , the piercing and crushing of vegetables , and the low rumblings of the city . 
 staring down at my plate , i could feel the weight of the bags under my eyes . 
 every motion was without purpose , just chew , swallow , and reach for more food . 
 it felt like i could eat forever , just lost in the perpetual mindlessness . 
 i wanted to consume everything , destroy it all . 
 rean coughed , i looked up to realize she had been staring again . 
 `` water ? '' 
 she shook her head and tore meat off the stick , the muscle fibres pulled apart like pieces of string . 
 even as she chewed she never stopped staring . 
 i looked back down at my food . 
 `` so how is work ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` meh , '' she said . 
 the conversation refused to resuscitate . 
 i was starting to feel myself slowing down , steadily i lost my will to eat . 
 `` how about you ? '' 
 `` it goes , new kid is still a little stupid bastard . '' 
 `` i see . '' 
 i got up and sat on the couch that was next to the kitchen table . 
 full but not satisfied , there was still something amiss , something i wanted but could not put into words . 
 i sighed , leaned back , closed my eyes , and listened to the old wood creak under my weight . 
 rean 's gaze could be felt on the side of my face , it made me uneasy to be watched so closely . 
 every movement , twitch and spasm , and blemish was on display . 
 i reached for a half empty bottle of vodka next to the seat . 
 the cap came off with a twist of the thumb and twirled to the ground . 
 a sweetness coupled with a burning , my breath felt heated as i exhaled . 
 i rattled my beaten pack of cigarettes and pulled out a half i had been saving . 
 `` i wish you would n't smoke . '' 
 the smoke filled my lungs . 
 `` yeah i wish for a lot of things too . '' 
 i flicked ashes into a nearby empty can of beer . 
 the smoke danced and swirled around the room until finding their place in the walls and fabrics of the house . 
 the smoke and drink failed to satisfy my unnamed craving . 
 `` i 'm going to use your washroom . '' 
 `` feel free , '' i said as the cigarette died between my fingers . 
 her cellphone began to ring and i opened my eyes . 
 `` rea - '' the door to the washroom was already closed . 
 the cellphone continued to ring for a few brief moments before falling silent . 
 my attention became fixed to the phone . ' 
 i wonder ' i flipped open the phone and went through the recent call history : inbound call : eris outbound call : eris outbound call : eris traitor ! 
 deceiver ! 
 liar ! 
 i heard the twist of the bathroom doorknob and quickly put her phone back and closed my eyes . 
 the evidence was there but i refused to believe it . 
 the couch stretched , i felt myself less embedded in the ratty cushioning . 
 i opened one eye to see rean sitting next to me . 
 `` hi there , '' i said , a twitch rang through my right arm . 
 she slowly tipped over , resting her head on my shoulder . 
 traitor ! 
 the voices rang throughout my mind . 
 `` jon ? '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` i hate you , '' she said jokingly . 
 yeah , i know , '' i faked a smile . 
 ii.vi `` oy , you drink like a bitch ! '' 
 aleksi screamed , blowing smoke into my face . 
 the sun had set hours ago , though the sun was always scarce that time of year . 
 the city 's neons and orange lamps blazed into the darkness . 
 some sporting event was playing on the television , luring the devout few like moths to a light . 
 the colours of their teams and advertisements filled the room and broke the dim muteness . 
 our table was old . 
 the varnish had long worn away . 
 fragments of wood were missing from the surface , as if someone had made a desperate effort to physically rip apart the table . 
 names , messages , and phone numbers were etched or painted on the wood . 
 `` jim loves sarah , '' read one message written in marker . 
 `` and nobody gives a shit , '' i muttered to myself . 
 we were on our second pitcher and i was starting to feel sick . 
 my skin was red and warm , though i constantly shivered . 
 the smell of fried food clogged every bit of air . 
 it became hard to breathe , alcohol hanging on my breath . 
 i never really liked beer , though i was never prepared to let aleksi beat me . 
 i lifted the glass mug and titled it back into gullet . 
 aleksi followed suit , beer in one hand and a cigarette in the other . 
 aleksi finished his mug and brought it down upon the table with a smack . 
 i choked down what was left in my mug and slammed it on the table . 
 i part of me wanted to break that mug and that table . 
 it was a stupid game but i hated losing almost as much as i hated beer . 
 `` haha ! 
 that 's two for me , you 're buying the next pitcher ! '' 
 aleksi said . 
 bloated and cold , i raised my hand to flag down the waiter . 
 berne sat in silence at the other end of the table , picking at a plate of fried chicken wings and sipping on a glass of water . 
 he watched our stupidity unfold and smiled . 
 i could not remember a single time that berne touched a drink . 
 the waiter walked passed our table with a notched baseball bat in his hand . 
 he was a big man , someone you would easily mistaken for a shaved gorilla and not someone you would normally label as a waiter . 
 `` hey , i told you punks to stop smoking , '' he yelled at the table behind aleksi . 
 `` we did , '' one of them said , fear hanging in the back of his throat . 
 the other two men sat and stared , too dumbstruck to respond . 
 `` yeah ? 
 then why the fuck are there ashes on the floor ? '' 
 the waiter pointed to the floor with his baseball bat . 
 `` yeah , idiots ! '' 
 aleksi said as he took another puff of his cigarette and ashed on the floor . 
 berne 's face turned red as i bit my lower lip . 
 we could not help but smile . 
 `` look , i do n't know how that got there but it was n't us . 
 we stopped when you told us to , it was just a misunderstanding , '' one of them said as he raised his hands up in surrender . 
 the waiter smashed the bat onto the table . 
 `` i 'll show you a misunderstanding , '' he yelled . 
 `` yeah ! 
 fucking idiots ! '' 
 aleksi took another puff . 
 i buried my face into the table . 
 berne soured his face . 
 our bodies twitched as we tried to hold int he laughter . 
 `` whoa , wait - '' the third one said . 
 `` get the fuck out , '' the waiter yelled , grabbing one of the men by the collar and yanking him from his seat . 
 `` move , get the fuck out , '' the waiter continued to yell as he herded them out the door with his bat . 
 `` goodbye , idiots ! '' 
 aleksi yelled after the men , as he finished his cigarette and tossed the butt towards the table behind him . 
 we burst out into laughter . 
 bearne and i leaned to one side as we struggled to see and breathe . 
 `` shut the fuck up , '' one of the sport fans yelled from a bar stool . 
 the laughter abruptly died . 
 i always hated sudden hostility . 
 i hated it even more when drunk . 
 `` fuck off , '' i responded as i raised my hand to order another pitcher . 
 a bottle crashed into the middle of our table and sprayed us with glass shard shrapnel and leftover beer . 
 `` what the fuck , '' i said as i rose , my chair tipped over as glass shards fell from my coat and hit the ground with the tiniest of clinks . 
 `` who the fuck threw that , '' i said , drawing closer to the group of men sitting by the television . 
 they diverted their attention from the screen , five men all wearing identical team jerseys . 
 berne was still sitting in his seat , carefully watching . 
 aleksi had risen and was now standing behind me . 
 `` sit down , and shut up , '' said the one on the far right , in a tone that someone would use to address an uppity child . 
 he spun back on his stool and returned his attention to the television . 
 the insult . 
 the nerve . 
 a familiar rawness overtook my right arm . 
 i turned around and picked up a bottle from an empty table next to me . 
 the other four men were starting to turn their attentions back to the television , assuming that i had listened to the command of their friend . 
 turning back to their direction i threw the bottle at the head of the man who had tried to order me . 
 the bottle struck with a hollow thud and hit the ground intact . 
 `` what the fuck , '' he said as he held the side of his head . 
 his friends got up from their stools and drew closer to me . 
 the man , still clutching the side of his head , picked up the bottle i had struck him with and shattered the end of it . 
 `` you punk ass pi - '' `` sit down , and shut the fuck up , '' i said . 
 it was at this point that the waiter had returned from kicking out the smokers that were behind us . 
 `` what the hell are you boys doing , '' he yelled , notched baseball bat in hand . 
 it was apparent that he was more than ready to add a few more notches that night . 
 aleksi stood in front of the waiter . 
 `` no no no ! 
 calm down man ! '' 
 `` we 're going to fucking kill you ! '' 
 screamed the man brandishing the broken beer bottle , clearly not paying any heed to the waiter . 
 `` make my fucking day , you fucking pieces of shit , '' i yelled as i reached for my knife . 
 you 're weak . 
 a familiar voice echoed through my mind . 
 blood and breath hot with anger . 
 my knife was halfway unsheathed when berne came up from behind and put his hand on my arm . 
 `` not here , '' he said . 
 gritting my teeth , i unwillingly released my grip and the knife slid back into my coat . 
 the waiter pushed aleksi aside and swung the bat in the direction of the five men . 
 after a brief staring match between the waiter and the men the shattered beer bottle was dropped , and the men backed down . 
 `` that 's right , break it the fuck up , '' the waiter said . 
 he grabbed me by the collar and was pulling me in the direction of the door . 
 when it became clear that i was not resisting him he released me from his hold and started nudging me along . 
 `` i want you guys out , '' he said , addressing aleksi , berne , and myself . 
 `` they started it , who the hell throws a beer bottle at someone ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` i do n't care , get out . '' 
 `` suka blyad ! 
 no way ! 
 that 's just low ! 
 come on , how is this fair ! '' 
 aleksi continued shouting as the waiter herded us towards the exit . 
 when we were in front of the exit berne finally decided to speak . 
 `` you know this is going to be bad for business , '' he said . 
 `` what ? 
 fuck you , '' the waiter said as he picked berne up by the collar . 
 i had my fingers on the handle of my knife again , ready , waiting to see how this would play out . 
 berne whispered into the waiter 's ear . 
 we watched as his expression changed from anger to confusion to fear . 
 `` i 'm so sorry sir , please - '' `` it 's alright , '' berne said . 
 we were welcomed back up and sat at a new and unblemished table as the five men were thrown out of the bar . 
 `` what the fuck ! '' 
 `` shut up , you 're lucky to be alive , '' the waiter said as he shoved the last man out of the door . 
 `` what did you tell him ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` the truth , '' berne smiled , `` now who wants another pitcher ? 
 i 'm buying . '' 
 the rest of the night faded into drunken laughter . 
 ii.vii the plastic stretching screech of packaging tape . 
 the shipment was going out the next morning , and our investors were coming in that day to take a peak before it went . 
 berne paced back and forth , checking and double checking every detail for signs of imperfection . 
 `` aleksi , '' berne yelled into the next room . 
 aleksi shuffled in from the front a few moments later , a trail of smoke followed him as he walked . 
 a cigarette was in his mouth and a tape gun in his hand . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 berne 's hand met the side of aleksi 's head with a thwack . 
 `` do n't smoke here . '' 
 aleksi let the cigarette drop from his lips and crushed it beneath his foot . 
 a black ashy spot of paper and tobacco leaves marked the floor . 
 i found myself laughing as aleksi called the new guy over to sweep the newly ashed floor . 
 `` sweep faster ! 
 do n't leave a speck or i swear i will punch you so hard your mother will not recognize you ! '' 
 aleksi screamed at the new guy , following him into the other room as he disposed of the rubbish . 
 berne watched over me as i packed the final box . 
 all the careful forgeries were finally in place to be moved . 
 i was about to pull the tape gun across the top seam of the box when berne stopped me . 
 `` leave this one open , '' he said . 
 `` alright . '' 
 there was a bang on the door . 
 `` go get it , '' berne ordered . 
 my joints ached and cracked as i stood and put down the tape gun . 
 i opened the door to a short old chinese man dressed in a puffy multicoloured winter jacket . 
 balding and wrinkled , he shook as he crept inside . 
 i moved aside as berne shook his hand . 
 `` mister fung , '' berne said . 
 `` ah , how are you . 
 everything very good ? '' 
 mister fung was accompanied by two younger men who dressed only in black and white , puffy large jackets , baggy pants . 
 their hair worn in near identical crew cuts . 
 each had a glazed look in their eyes ; the kind of look you could only acquire after seeing a lifetime 's worth of too much . 
 they never said a word but seemed to know their jobs perfectly . 
 one stood outside by the door , refusing to come inside as i gently closed it behind him . 
 the other trailed behind fung as he was shown around the shop . 
 aleksi came back from the front and stood next to me , we watched fung and his lackey be toured around our workplace . 
 at the end of the tour berne showed him our product and the product we sought to imitate . 
 `` very good , '' fung said as he put on his reading glasses and held the two products side by side . 
 `` and these are the two responsible for helping us make these products , '' berne said as he motioned towards aleksi and myself . 
 fung leaned in close , as if to inspect us as he did the products . 
 i could feel his breath on my neck . 
 `` haha , '' fung burst out laughing next to my ear . 
 he took my hand and shook it . 
 `` thank you , '' i barely managed to say before he was already shaking aleksi 's hand . 
 `` very good , '' fung said as he turned to berne , `` everything very good . '' 
 `` i 'm glad everything is up to your standards , '' berne said as he extended his hand for a handshake . 
 `` yes yes , very good . '' 
 fung extended his hand past berne 's and playfully slapped him on the cheek . 
 `` do not grow careless boy , '' fung said before bursting into laughter . 
 i tensed up . 
 berne was left momentarily shocked , his hand still hanging in the air . 
 hit him . 
 such disrespect . 
 hit him , said a familiar voice . 
 i bit down on the inside of my lips as i tried my best not to telegraph my emotions . 
 the blood retreated from my fingers as i clinched my fist . 
 fung 's bodyguard shifted his attention towards me , it was obvious that he picked up on my anger . 
 he stared me down for a moment before he and berne followed fung to the door . 
 berne had managed to shake himself from his shocked state and was sharing the laugh with fung . 
 `` good advice sir , '' berne said with counterfeit happiness . 
 the door opened , the cold blew in . 
 fung looked up at berne and patted him on the shoulder . 
 `` we will see you tomorrow , '' fung said before disappearing into the dark cold with his two men . 
 the door slammed shut , the warmth began to reclaim lost ground . 
 `` how i hate that man , '' berne said with half a smile . 
 aleksi and i laughed . 
 `` alright , back to work , '' berne said with a clap . 
 `` let me grab the new kid , '' i said . 
 my inner lip was bloody but i had calmed down . 
 in the place of my anger was a craving for cigarette and an itch for a strong drink . 
 `` oy new kid , '' i yelled into the other room . 
 he jumped when i stepped into the room . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 it was clear that he had something in his hand . 
 `` nothing , '' he said with a shaky tone and closed the object in his hand with a click . 
 a cellphone . 
 i gave him an odd eye , it was clear he was caught doing something . 
 he looked stressed , and more frightened than i had ever seen him . 
 an odd silence . 
 `` well stop having phone sex and go finish moving the boxes for tomorrow . '' 
 `` yes , okay , '' he nodded as he ran into the next room . 
 strange . 
 my nicotine craving kicked up , and i decided to drop the odd situation in return for a smoke break . 
 i went through the front door , and stood outside in the cold under the orange and neon , the street cameras , pedestrians , and thugs . 
 i filled my lungs with smoke , and thought of fung and how untouchable he was . 
 the truth about our business was that you do not stay in business without the investment of professional criminals . 
 drug lords , arms dealers , assassins , the type of people you hear inklings about on the news but would be unable to point out in a crowd . 
 ii.viii empty drunken nights . 
 long meaningless conversations . 
 i probably have to work again . 
 what day was it ? 
 the telephone rang . 
 blinding light reflected from the snow . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 i said . 
 every motion felt taxing . 
 i just want to destroy something . 
 `` hey , you have n't talked to me for the past couple of days . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , it just feels like i 've been living in fragments . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` nothing . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 we 'll go have coffee soon . 
 how does friday sound ? '' 
 `` sounds like a plan . 
 just do n't bail on me again . '' 
 `` deal . '' 
 everything had a price i was n't willing to pay . 
 had i been betrayed ? 
 eris ? 
 is that you ? 
 `` alright , listen i 'm calling on my break . 
 i 've got to get back to work . '' 
 `` okay , i 'll see you . '' 
 `` bye . '' 
 i just want to destroy everything . 
 click . 
 silence . 
 iii lights raced across the window . 
 the train sped down the dark subway tunnels . 
 every stop would let in cold air . 
 the floor was damp and blackened by snow covered boots . 
 old newspapers , transfer slips , and paper cups melted away as they laid on the floor . 
 aleksi sat smiling across from me . 
 `` this is going to be awesome ! '' 
 i could barely hear him over the roar of the train . 
 bits of pulped paper began to stick to my salt encrusted boot . 
 `` next stop is us ! '' 
 aleksi said giving me the thumbs up . 
 the station exit led us into a plaza . 
 white lights dimly lit the way , reflecting off the snow and the ice of the artificial pool . 
 skyscrapers surrounded the plaza and shielded it from the rest of the city . 
 the ceaseless hum of their heating units muffled the sounds of the outside world . 
 skeleton trees crisscrossed the plaza in intricate patterns , their bark pierced by chain locks and the posting of bills . 
 shards of ice and salt cracked under our feet . 
 `` so where is it that we 're going again ? '' 
 `` stacy 's , i 've told you about a million times ! '' 
 `` who the fuck is stacy ? '' 
 `` she was in our english class in high school , how could you not remember !? '' 
 i gave aleksi a blank stare . 
 `` fuck you ! '' 
 aleksi said as he quickened his pace . 
 the vodka bottles clinked against each other in his backpack . 
 `` you better not break those . '' 
 sober nights had become long nights not worth enduring . 
 we left the synthetic valley and immediately found ourselves on the street . 
 the orange and neon reminded us that we were still in the city . 
 this was where i grew up , where i had met berne , aleksi , rean , and eris . 
 like all places in the city it had since changed beyond recognition . 
 the parks and their monuments were bulldozed to make way for more skyscrapers . 
 old highrises were retrofitted , their new additions protruded like mould on a corpse . 
 though these changes reminded the community of more prosperous days . 
 the cancer of the ghetto had since crept in . 
 we walked passed strips of dead street , broken lights , stores out of business . 
 we passed the remnants of the bookstore re-purposed as a dive bar ; the ice cream parlour that was replaced by a sex-shop . 
 little by little this place would be eventually consumed . 
 the crack of ice and salt beneath our boots began to be complemented by the crunch of broken glass . 
 we ventured off the main street and into the suburban blocks . 
 it was darker there without the neon and storefronts , though the orange lights were still present to dimly illuminate the way . 
 `` we 're here , '' aleksi said as we turned up the drive way to an old house . 
 the white paint peeled off of every cracked wooden surface . 
 three men sat smoking in the shadows of the porch , their faces barely visible in the light from the house . 
 `` hey , how 's it going ? '' 
 they nodded back and continued their quiet conversation while staring into the street . 
 `` hello ?! '' 
 aleksi opened the door . 
 the floor vibrated , muffled voices could be heard . 
 `` they 're downstairs , '' one of the men on the porch yelled in at us as the door swung shut . 
 the sweat choked air clung to the skin . 
 bass rocked and shook everything and everyone . 
 i sat in a white room with white tiles , separate from the main party , sheltered from the roar of the speakers and the sway of dancers . 
 the red pleather sofa creaked as i constantly readjusted myself and made small-talk with others seeking shelter from the noise . 
 hey . 
 hi . 
 how 's it going . 
 what do you do ? 
 oh interesting . 
 how so ? 
 have you ever ? 
 the standard issue bullshit people say to kill the time . 
 the kind of standard issue bullshit that starts becoming interesting after half a bottle of vodka . 
 every exhaling breath was alcohol exhaust . 
 my heart pounded , my veins danced . 
 `` what is it that you said you did again ? '' 
 the girl next to me said , a hood covered most of her face . 
 `` counterfeit entertainment . '' 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 i laughed and took another swig of vodka . 
 she turned , confused , and began a conversation with someone else . 
 a slouched neanderthal of a man stopped at the doorway , a beer in his hand . 
 his skin looked it was sun burnt red despite the winter climate . 
 i put down my bottle of vodka . 
 ` fuck , ' i thought to myself . 
 his walk was a forced swagger , which caused his oversized clothes to swing and sway as he waddled towards me . 
 `` hey jon , '' he said touching the brim of his red cap . 
 `` how 's it going benny . '' 
 `` not bad , '' he began talking as if i had asked him to tell me about his life . 
 he rambled on about how he had become a respected tough guy ; how successful he had become from selling drugs ; all the women he had been with as a result of his new found abilities as a player . 
 hit him . 
 i did n't believe a word of it . 
 news through the grapevine was that benny was stuck slinging overpriced drugs to dumb high school kids , and that him and his buddies would partake in the occasional mugging in order to make ends meet . 
 i would trust the hearsay and rumours of others over the word of this wannabe gangster . 
 for benny it was always about the image , the thrill of being a somebody . 
 he was nothing more than an imposter , a thug . 
 his breath reeked of cheap beer . 
 `` so how are you ? '' 
 `` fine , '' i avoided looking in his general direction in the vain hope that he would get the message and simply leave me alone . 
 hit him . 
 said another of my mind 's voices . 
 `` you still dating that girl ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` oh yeah ? 
 how come ? '' 
 hit him . 
 a third voice chimed in . 
 i remained silent . 
 `` that 's too bad . 
 i still remember her from high school - '' he continued his monologue . 
 he began to describe all the things other men were probably doing to her right now , laughing and spilling his beer as he did , patting my shoulder with his clammy hands . 
 i faked a smile and stared off . 
 hit him . 
 he changed the train of thought to what he would do to her if ever had the chance . 
 all the debased and deviant acts . 
 he laughed as if all in good humour , as if my separation made this conversation fair-game . 
 i was starting to be unsure if i was being shook by the bass or by anger . 
 my mind was drowned in a chorus of voices . 
 hit him . 
 they screamed . 
 i looked him in the eye as my smile began to crack . 
 `` hey benny . '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` fuck you , '' i said as i punched him across the jaw . 
 nothing beautiful , just raw savagery . 
 benny fell backwards towards the door , surprise and pain on his face . 
 he looked up at me , expression changing into anger , his body poised to stand . 
 the voices cackled . 
 hit him , hit him . 
 they insisted . 
 anger and adrenaline surging through my right arm . 
 `` you 're de - '' i kicked him in the face before he managed to finish his threat . 
 his body went limp and i climbed on top of his chest . 
 i managed to throw one punch onto his already bloodied face before i was knocked over from behind and rolled out of the room . 
 i shielded my face from a kick that came soon after and quickly slid up the wall . 
 the force stung my forearms . 
 two men followed me out of the room i had rolled out of , standing not further than seven feet away . 
 vigilante or friend of benny 's , it did not matter . 
 the music stopped and the thump of the bass was replaced by the beat of my heart . 
 everybody stopped dancing and stared . 
 blood began to trickle down my forearms and fingertips . 
 `` this fucker , '' one of the two men said while pointing at me , `` just fucked up benny . '' 
 i started backing up towards the staircase . 
 men from the crowd began to side behind the two , as spectators began to back away from the situation . 
 i was beyond angry but not stupid enough to think that i was in an advantageous position . 
 aleksi pushed through the crowd and stood by my side as he kept a watch on the mob that was gathering before us . 
 `` the fuck did you do ? '' 
 aleksi whispered into my ear . 
 it was the calm before the storm . 
 we reached the wooden steps when one of the men rushed forward and struck me on the side of the mouth . 
 he had overextended himself , i struck him on the temple with the tip of my elbow and watched him stumble backwards into the crowd . 
 another man had rushed aleksi in this time and was attempting to throw him to the ground . 
 aleksi was punching the man while he gripped aleksi 's shirt . 
 i kicked aleksi 's attacker on the side as aleksi landed a punch that split open the side of his face . 
 the attacker backed off and disappeared into the mob that was now surging at us . 
 the taste of blood and broken teeth pervaded my mouth . 
 the voices filled my head with laughter . 
 i pulled my knife and the wave of people stopped in their tracks . 
 `` c'mon you fuckers ! 
 who wants to be a hero ? '' 
 i yelled at the crowd with reddened teeth , blood flowing down from my mouth and arms , completely consumed by rage . 
 aleksi slowly walked up a few flights and tugged at my collar . 
 `` the hell are you doing ? '' 
 he said into my ear , `` let 's just get the fuck out of here . '' 
 i stared down the crowd , watched their inaction . 
 my rage slowed . 
 i spat blood and pieces of teeth onto the ground in front of the crowd . 
 the voices quieted . 
 `` jon ! '' 
 seeing the logic in aleksi i gave in to his pleading , and slowly backed up the stairs . 
 when we neared the door we broke our steady ascent and ran for the street , slamming doors behind us as the mob rushed to catch us . 
 a great cacophony of hurried foot steps . 
 we jumped a fence and disappeared into the dark . 
 after an hour of walking and running through snow-choked backyards and wooded paths we were confident that we had lost them . 
 we stopped for a breather on a park bench , the city glowing just beyond the trees in front of us . 
 my wounds had closed but my mouth still bled . 
 i spat bright red into the snow . 
 aleksi 's knuckles had been bleeding , frozen streams of blood kissed the edge of his fingertips . 
 `` what the fuck was that , '' aleksi said , with a seriousness i had never seen . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` do n't what me , you almost got us killed . '' 
 `` he called you a bitch so i hit him . 
 i was n't going to let him talk shit about you . '' 
 aleksi glared at me . 
 i was never a very good liar , but i was n't going to change my story . 
 `` fuck you , i did n't ask you to jump in . 
 besides it 's all under control , '' i said . 
 `` fuck me ? 
 fuck you . 
 how is this under control ? 
 we just pissed off an entire party of people . 
 if benny and the two guys we messed up do n't call their boys on us , then someone at that party will . '' 
 `` you 're an idiot . 
 we 've got berne . 
 he 'll make a few calls and this will all blow over . '' 
 aleksi threw his arms up in the air , and tried to form a response through his clinched face . 
 he stopped , threw his arms back down and turned away from me . 
 `` fuck you jon . 
 you reckless shit . 
 why did you have to drag me into this ? 
 you 've been nothing but a burden . 
 you 're not a friend , you 're just a horrible person . '' 
 he began to walk off . 
 `` fine . 
 fuck you . 
 leave . 
 i do n't need weak people like you . 
 faithless trash , '' i shouted at him as he walked away . 
 following the lights i found my way back to the subway station . 
 the half-awake subway attendant paid no attention to me as i passed by the ticket booth covered in blood . 
 i sat in a corner of the train and looked at my wounds under the light of the ads . 
 the other passengers kept their distance and made an effort not to look in my direction . 
 ` berne will fix this . 
 aleksi will see , ' i thought to myself , ` the stupid coward will see that i 'm right , this will all be over within a week . 
 who the fuck is benny anyways ? 
 fuck him . ' 
 a faint familiar scent whirled in the stale air of the train . 
 once again i gambled with my faith , entrusting myself to the actions of another . 
 you 're not a friend , you 're just a horrible person . 
 `` who the fuck is stacy ? '' 
 i asked aloud to myself and burst into laughter . 
 tonight it was my turn to be the lunatic on the train . 
 iii.ii the peddlers were out in force . 
 `` my buddy , '' a chinese man screamed into my ear while waving a fake designer purse in my face . 
 `` you buy , four for ten dollar . 
 good deal , '' a vietnamese woman shouted into my other ear . 
 every step i took there would be a new ragged peddler shouting something at me . 
 my scabs cracked in the dry cold as i pushed through the crowd 's current . 
 i refused to step in tune and go at a steady pace , today i had a purpose . 
 today would be the beginning of the end for benny . 
 i smiled at the thought of him and his buddies being subdued into nothingness . 
 the arrogant pretender . 
 i wondered how confused he must have been after regaining consciousness , how much creditability he must have lost , and laughed . 
 the cold morning air filled my lungs and mixed with the rotten stench of chinatown . 
 the crowd did not thin in its usual spots . 
 ` must be a festival , ' i thought to myself , though i heard no cheering or music . 
 suddenly the current changed and it seemed everyone around me was heading in my direction . 
 something was off . 
 do n't go . 
 i turned the corner and saw the cause of the commotion . 
 it was definitely not a festival . 
 red and blue lights flashed in the alley way . 
 yellow police tape blocked public access to the alley . 
 i pushed and shoved my way through the gawking mass . 
 the steel door had been completely ripped off its hinges and laid in a twisted heap . 
 armed and armoured men stood around the site talking into microphones . 
 while others began photographing and loading our shipment into vans . 
 berne sat in the back of a paddywagon with his hands cuffed and a fresh bruise on his forehead . 
 he seemed deflated and indifferent . 
 he did n't even bother to look up at the destruction of his world . 
 it was the first time i had ever seen berne accept defeat so completely . 
 they had aleksi cuffed and pinned against the wall before they began dragging him towards the paddywagon . 
 `` fuck you ! '' 
 he screamed as they dragged him . 
 he jerked out of the grip of the officer leading him and began to make a run towards the crowd . 
 a nearby officer tackled aleksi to the ground , he fell towards me , and others swiftly came to restrain him . 
 the fall had cut aleksi 's face . 
 he looked up at the crowd as officers yelled at him to cooperate under threat of force . 
 he scanned the crowd until our eyes met and smiled at me . 
 `` please step back from the line , '' an officer said with his hand outstretched . 
 my legs turned to heavy stone . 
 i tried my best to conceal my horror , to hide any affiliation with the shop . 
 the voices in my head began laughing . 
 a cold gust blew down the alley . 
 it made my bones feel hollow , my muscles nonexistent . 
 ` what now ? 
 what now ? ' 
 i kept thinking to myself . 
 `` sir , please stand back from the line , '' the officer drew closer , one hand was now on his holster . 
 walk . 
 just walk . 
 a voice in my mind said amongst the laughter of the others . 
 i gathered all the strength i could muster . 
 turning my back to walk away , i heard aleksi starting to laugh . 
 my feet dragged . 
 `` who is weak now ? '' 
 he yelled in my direction . 
 walk . 
 walk . 
 `` tell me , who is weak ? '' 
 he continued to yell . 
 `` he 's lost his mind , '' one of the officers said . 
 after passing a few people in the crowd i looked over my shoulder to see aleksi being thrown in the back with berne . 
 `` who is weak now ? '' 
 the paddywagon doors closed with a slam and aleksi could no longer be heard . 
 walk , there is nothing for you here . 
 i kept walking with my hand on the handle of my knife . 
 i was weak , easy prey . 
 who is weak now ? 
 the voices cackled . 
 i walked past the peddlers , past mounds of garbage , the flayed animals , window displays , and neon lights until i found myself no longer on the rot slicked roads of chinatown . 
 `` three seventy five , '' a fat disgruntled man growled at me through a glass booth . 
 i threw some change into the slot . 
 transfer-slip littered floors . 
 monotone colour schemes . 
 advert plagued platforms . 
 the screech of a stopping train . 
 i sat glass eyed on the subway . 
 children clinging to their mothers . 
 the irate ramblings of a crazed passenger . 
 the jolt of the train coming to a stop . 
 immigrants try to sell me something , religion or candy ? 
 the snow . 
 the cold . 
 reinforced windows . 
 an ashed out elevator . 
 scuffed walls . 
 loud abusive neighbours . 
 i looked to my right and my left and opened my door . 
 i closed my door and collapsed against it . 
 the door shuddering upon impact . 
 i sat on the floor of my doorway with my forehead pressed against my knees . 
 `` what now ? '' 
 i asked myself aloud . 
 `` what do i do now ? 
 fuck . 
 what 's left ? '' 
 the makeshift foundations buckled . 
 i felt everything collapse again . 
 i felt myself falling through the ground . 
 `` how ? '' 
 i asked with a lump in my throat , `` why ? '' 
 even if these questions were to be answered it would make no difference . 
 it was over . 
 it was all over . 
 i stood up , barely able to support my own weight , threw on the light switch and walked the eight feet to my sofa . 
 dim lights danced off the empty vodka bottles . 
 the voices came to haunt me again . 
 the city will eat you alive . 
 you are weak . 
 did she ever love you ? 
 you are alone . 
 i lied there staring at the ceiling , letting my mind wander and terrorize me . 
 the cellphone beeped and vibrated in my jacket pocket . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` hey , it 's me , '' it was rean . 
 traitor . 
 `` hey . '' 
 `` it 's friday , you promised me that we 'd hang out . '' 
 you still want to see this liar ? 
 this deceiver ? 
 `` oh . '' 
 `` something wrong ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' i tried to ignore the voices . 
 `` well - '' `` it 's berne and aleksi , '' the words stuck to my throat , `` it 's all over rean . 
 it 's just - '' i could n't find the words . 
 `` i 'll be right on over , '' she said and hung up the phone . 
 thoughts swirled in the silence . 
 my foundations creaking , cracking , snapping , smashing , crumbling to dust . 
 buried thoughts began to bubble and surface . 
 the sun was setting behind those distant smoke stacks . 
 do you remember ? 
 the traffic of busy streets sounded like waves crashing to shore . 
 broken ceramic tiles . 
 the all consuming darkness of an unending room . 
 the city will eat you alive . 
 a familiar face . 
 there was a knock at the door . 
 rean ? 
 police ? 
 a group of angry and armed thugs ? 
 `` who is it ? '' 
 `` it 's me , '' it was rean . 
 `` come in . 
 it 's unlocked , '' i said as i pulled myself upright , my limbs dragging against the ragged fabric of the couch . 
 she came rushing in , closing door and throwing off her shoes . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 she said as she slid in next to me and wrapped her arms around my neck . 
 `` yeah , '' my voice was weak . 
 i closed my eyes and she held me tighter . 
 we sat there in silence . 
 memories of eris began to bleed through . 
 her scent , her smile , her laugh . 
 the fleeting orange glow of a sun set . 
 i opened my eyes to find myself resting on the lap of rean , her fingers running through my hair . 
 `` are you going to be alright ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 she said as she looked down at me . 
 i looked up at her and began to talk . 
 i told her about my work , the shipments , the long hours in a small room , about people like fung , benny , and about the bust . 
 none of it mattered any more . 
 it was done . 
 i was done . 
 `` it 's all going to be okay , '' she said . 
 i sat back up . 
 `` i hope so . '' 
 the voices began laughing again . 
 `` let 's leave town . 
 let 's run away , '' she said as she leaned in close , our lips almost meeting . 
 she 's trying to use you . 
 she wants you to give yourself up to her . 
 she wants you to run like a coward . 
 the voices screamed . 
 i jerked back and pushed her away from me . 
 suddenly her lack of transparency about the phone-calls became clear . 
 `` what the fuck . '' 
 `` i was only trying to help . '' 
 she thinks you 're weak . 
 `` how ? 
 by running away ? 
 are you going to kill benny for me ? 
 are you going to make the police disappear ? 
 are you going to break aleksi and berne out of jail ? 
 or how about we go back in time and you do what you promised me and keep an eye on eris for me . '' 
 traitor , betrayer , liar . 
 she 's the cause of all of this . 
 `` jesus , it 's always eris is n't it ? 
 for the past three years it 's been nothing but eris . 
 live your life jon . 
 wake the hell up . 
 she played you . 
 she did n't love you - '' rean stopped herself . 
 it was clear that these thoughts had been pent up for some time . 
 her voices breaking to the surface . 
 she 's the one that let this happen . 
 who knows how long she 's had these thoughts ? 
 if it were n't for her eris would still be here . 
 `` how do you know that she did n't love me ? 
 did you two have a good laugh about it over the phone ? 
 you might want to clear your phone history sometime if you want to be any good at being manipulative bitch . '' 
 she stood there silently shocked . 
 i took it as a sign of her guilt . 
 `` get out . '' 
 in my anger it seemed clear to me . 
 rean was the cause of all my pain . 
 she did this to me . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i just - '' `` get the fuck out . '' 
 i pointed at the door . 
 `` i - '' `` leave , i do n't need this . 
 i do n't need you . 
 fuck off rean , '' the anger obscured my vision . 
 i could no longer look her in the eyes , bits and pieces of her face caught in my peripheral . 
 tears rolled down her cheek , heavy breathing . 
 `` okay , okay , '' she repeated to herself in between breaths . 
 her motions jerked as she collected her things . 
 `` i only wanted to help , '' she said in the doorway . 
 `` leave , '' i shouted at her . 
 `` she called me once - i was n't even there to answer my phone - she never answered my calls , '' she said barely able to choke out the words . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i did n't know . 
 i 've been irrational . 
 i 'm scared . 
 i 'm alone . 
 i need help . 
 please forgive me , i 'm such a mess . '' 
 these were the words i should have said . 
 the words that a part of me wanted to say , but the anger had gripped me so completely . 
 the door closed gently . 
 she sobbed in the hallway until the elevator came for her . 
 the silence returned and i was greeted by the laughter of voices . 
 i threw an empty vodka bottle against the wall . 
 shards of broken glass reflected the dim lights of the apartment . 
 `` fuck , '' i said . 
 iii.iii i awoke cold and alone on the sofa . 
 a bitter taste in my mouth . 
 i reached out and grabbed the last bottle with vodka still in it . 
 the cap popped off with a twist and i downed the small remainder in one gulp . 
 a swift burn followed by a long exhale . 
 it failed to restore my warmth . 
 i dropped the bottle and let it roll wherever it chose . 
 my hair was matted on one side . 
 i ran my fingers through the thick tangled mess . 
 the bottles , piles of mail and bills , dirty laundry , crushed cans , empty styrofoam boxes . 
 the ruins of my life . 
 the anger had subsided . 
 the voices were now distant . 
 traitor . 
 the voices whispered , but the only traitor i saw was myself . 
 i took a look at my empty apartment . ' 
 i guess the answer does n't matter , ' i thought to myself , ` either way i would be alone in this . 
 i could n't drag her into this . ' 
 but you would have someone to die for again . 
 the voices began creeping back . 
 `` fuck off , '' i said aloud and headed for the bathroom . 
 the water felt hot against my face yet still i felt no warmer . 
 a deep breath . 
 i stared at myself in the mirror . 
 every line , every scar , the fresh wounds from the fight , the dark bags under my eyes . 
 it looked as if i had lived a lifetime too many . 
 a familiar laugh echoed through my mind . 
 i wandered out of the washroom and into my room . 
 the desk drawer slid open with a drawn out metallic screech . 
 the distorted face stared back at me . 
 i ran my thumb against her cheek and thought of our last day together . 
 smiling , she embraced me and said , `` i love you , do n't ever change . '' ' 
 i need a smoke and some fresh air , ' i thought to myself and pocketed the crumpled photograph . 
 the broken glass crunched and cracked under my boots as i headed for the door . 
 the city will eat you alive . 
 i waited in the hallway and reached for my pack of cigarettes . 
 the last cigarette . 
 my neighbours smacked against the peeling wall i rested upon . 
 though there was far too much moaning and the smacks were far too rapid for them to be fighting . 
 the elevator doors opened and the neighbours finished with a dull thud as the doors closed . 
 i held the unlit cigarette in my lips and stared at the no-smoking sign . 
 the voices whispered and chattered in the back of my mind , near inaudible static . 
 `` 5 '' - `` 3 '' - `` 2 '' my boots clicked and clacked upon the cracked tile floors . 
 a familiar scent wisped through the air . 
 the reinforced glass doors opened with a creak . 
 the city lights blindingly bathed everything . 
 the low hum of heating units and passing car engines was enough to induce a dreamlike trance . 
 i took in a deep breath of city air and removed the picture and my lighter from my pockets . 
 the picture blackened and bubbled as it burned , releasing a chemical smoke . 
 i lit my cigarette on the burning photo before dropping it on the ground . 
 my lungs filled with smoke as the fire consumed the last vestige of eris . 
 nothing was left but shrivelled black plastic and poisonous fumes , it too would eventually blow away and become a part of the city 's waste . 
 a speck of water hit my forehead . 
 i looked up as i was suddenly surrounded by the pitter patter of countless droplets . 
 the end of winter had come . 
 the snow began to melt . 
 shapes of the things the snow had buried began to take shape . 
 trash and lost items . 
 a police siren blared somewhere down the street . 
 the rain ran down the strands of my hair and rolled down my face . 
 where is eris to save you now ? 
 where is berne ? 
 or even aleksi and rean . 
 who will you die for now ? 
 who will save you ? 
 there were shouts and grunts coupled with stupid laughter , a loud banging of bats and metal , signs of oncoming thugs . 
 i flicked the butt of the cigarette into a small pile of snow shielded from the rain . 
 it burned bright , melted the snow and snuffed itself out . 
 i exhaled my last breath of nicotine smoke . 
 the city was coming to consume me . 
 you 're useless . 
 you have been abandoned . 
 now you 're truly alone . 
 a wind blew in and chilled me to the bone , it felt like weakness . 
 `` fuck it , fuck it all , '' i said to the voices in my head , `` i have my anger to keep me warm now . '' 
