 sacrifice -- a fall for me prequel by k . 
 a . 
 last copyright © 2013 k . 
 a . 
 last all rights reserved . 
 smashwords edition first published in australia 2013 by k . 
 a . 
 last the right of k . 
 a . 
 last to be identified as the author of this work has been asserted by her under the copyright amendment -lrb- moral rights -rrb- act 2000 . 
 this is a work of fiction . 
 names , characters , businesses , places , events and incidents are either the products of the author 's imagination or used in a fictitious manner . 
 any resemblance to actual persons living or dead , or actual events , is purely coincidental . 
 this work is copyright . 
 apart from any use as permitted under the copyright act 1968 , no part of this publication may be reproduced , stored in a retrieval system , recorded or transmitted in any form or by any means , electronic , mechanical , photocopying , recording or otherwise , without the prior written permission of the publisher . 
 k . 
 a . 
 last po box 457 berowra nsw , australia 2081 kalastbooks@internode.on.net http://www.kalastbooks.com.au national library of australia cataloguing-in-publication entry -lrb- ebook -rrb- last , k.a. sacrifice : a fall for me prequel/by k . 
 a . 
 last isbn : 9780987384959 -lrb- ebook -rrb- isbn : 9780987384935 -lrb- paperback -rrb- tate chronicles ; # 0.5 for young adults young adult fiction fantasy fiction a823 .4 formatting and cover design by kila designs http://www.facebook.com/kiladesigns image : dreamstime ® © eti swinford also by k . 
 a . 
 last fall for me -lrb- the tate chronicles , # 1 -rrb- for brendon ; the one who makes all the sacrifices for me . 
 table of contents part one -- seth one two three four five six part two -- grace seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen acknowledgements about the author love is a smoke rais 'd with the fume of sighs ; being purg 'd , a fire sparkling in lovers ' eyes ; being vex 'd , a sea nourish 'd with lovers ' tears ; what is it else ? 
 a madness most discreet , a choking gall , and a preserving sweet . 
 william shakespeare -- romeo & juliet , act i , scene i part one -- seth one 1642 michael and i had been fighting for almost an hour . 
 cloud dust plumed into the air as my feet struck the floor . 
 my patience with him was growing thin . 
 he could n't say anything that would change my mind . 
 as far as i was concerned he was wasting his time . 
 `` you ca n't do it , '' michael said . 
 `` you do n't know what you 're giving up . '' 
 `` i know perfectly well what i 'm giving up , '' i said through clenched teeth . 
 `` but why , seth ? 
 why leave when you can be with her every day ? '' 
 `` because i ca n't be with her , can i ? 
 it 's against the rules . '' 
 `` it has to be better than what you 're planning . 
 imagine if she knew . '' 
 `` she wo n't find out until i 'm gone , '' i shouted . 
 `` no one will find out . 
 and if you tell anyone i 'll -- '' `` what ? '' 
 michael folded his arms over his chest . 
 `` kill me ? 
 hit me ? 
 what , seth ? 
 what could you possibly do to me ? 
 i 'm an archangel . 
 i 'm your superior , and as your superior , i 'm telling you not to do this . 
 actually , i 'm ordering you not to do this . 
 do n't think you can get anything past the council . '' 
 michael stared at me with heavenly wrath in his eyes . 
 my shoulders heaved as i tried -- unsuccessfully -- to contain my anger . 
 i lunged at michael and hit him in the chest . 
 he stumbled backwards then righted himself and unfurled his pearl-white wings to their full span . 
 he came at me with a force ten times stronger than my own , and i landed heavily on my back in the cloud dust . 
 `` grow up . 
 stop thinking about yourself for once ; think about what this will do to her . 
 it will crush her . '' 
 michael pinned me to the floor . 
 i struggled beneath him , but he held me firmly in place . 
 `` get . 
 off . 
 me , '' i said . 
 finally , he did as i 'd asked . 
 i sat up , ran a hand through my hair , and watched michael walk away . 
 he kicked at the cloud dust as he went . 
 the mist floated before settling back into place . 
 `` you do n't understand , '' i said . 
 `` i have thought about this . 
 i 've thought about it until my head feels like it 's going to split open . 
 i love her . '' 
 michael turned to face me . 
 `` then why is being beside her not enough ? '' 
 `` there 's no room up here for her and my heart . 
 because when i 'm with her , i want to break every vow i 've ever made . 
 and i ca n't ask her to do the same . '' 
 `` then i guess we 've got a problem . '' 
 i got to my feet and squared my shoulders . 
 `` yes , i guess we do . '' 
 two our gazes met across the expanse of white . 
 she smiled and it touched her eyes . 
 her face lit up as if the sun was shining from within her , making her skin glow . 
 grace was the most beautiful angel i 'd ever seen . 
 for a few moments i stood like a complete dolt staring at her . 
 then the cloud dust exploded and obscured grace from view . 
 when the dust settled , michael stood before me . 
 he looked down his nose , shook his head and laughed . 
 a wide grin spread across his mischievous face . 
 he stretched his wings and they lifted him into the air where he hovered in front of me . 
 he was still pissed at me and trying to exude his importance . 
 `` do you always need to make such a dramatic entrance ? '' 
 i asked . 
 michael laughed again and shrugged . 
 `` you know me . 
 someone needs to keep it light around here . 
 everyone is far too serious . '' 
 i flapped my wings and rose to michael 's level . 
 there was no way i was going to let him get the better of me . 
 we continued up until the other angels were out of earshot . 
 `` that 's not the impression you gave me this morning . 
 besides , serious is what gets the job done , '' i said . 
 michael shook his head . 
 `` what 's happened to you ? 
 you used to be so ... i ca n't believe you 're doing this . '' 
 i sighed . 
 i was n't in the mood for another argument , and i knew why he 'd come , so i changed the subject . 
 `` what do they need this time ? '' 
 `` hey , i 'm just the messenger , '' he said , putting his hands up . 
 `` do n't shoot me . 
 you have to take it up with them . '' 
 yes , i 'd have to take it up with them . 
 my next mission was something i 'd been waiting for , but now i was n't sure if i should go . 
 if i did , it meant i would finally have the chance to follow through with my decision . 
 but the thought of leaving grace made me feel sick . 
 michael and i floated down until our feet rested in the cloud dust . 
 i looked over his shoulder at grace and she grinned . 
 she also knew why michael had made an appearance . 
 he 'd become predictable with his showy entrances to the cloud field -- the place the angels rested before their next summons or duty . 
 it 's time again ? 
 grace asked . 
 i nodded slightly so she knew i 'd heard her , but i did n't reply . 
 angels can talk to each other silently . 
 all i had to do was think what i wanted to say and she 'd hear it in her head , but i did n't really need words when i was near grace . 
 we 'd been friends for so long we were completely in sync , like we were a part of each other . 
 the angel beside grace raised her head and furrowed her brow . 
 angelica and i very rarely saw eye to eye . 
 she was on a higher level , and her job was far more complicated , but she was also on a power trip . 
 it 's not about power . 
 as an angel , it should never be about power . 
 i 'll see you after you 're summoned , i said to grace . 
 she nodded , her smile never wavering , and i turned towards the cloud field gates . 
 when i reached them i lightly ran my fingers over their smooth , pearly surface , and they opened without a sound . 
 the cloud dust licked at my legs as i walked . 
 i wound up a spiral staircase and each step dissipated as i went . 
 the terrain changed the closer i got to the council 's chamber . 
 it went from soft and low where it covered only my feet , to dense and thick , reaching almost to my waist . 
 over my shoulder i could see the path i 'd made through the whiteness . 
 the quiet floated around me . 
 no one else was around . 
 i was on the second highest level , reserved for the council members , and the only way to gain access was to be summoned . 
 when i reached the council chamber the door was closed . 
 i placed my palm in the centre and waited to be admitted . 
 the white slab of marble was warm beneath my fingertips . 
 everything in heaven felt warm to the touch . 
 the door slid open and i stepped through into a white , circular room . 
 if i was n't a divine being the brightness would have blinded me . 
 the door closed behind me then disappeared . 
 i moved to the centre of the room . 
 my heart was heavy , and a knot formed in my stomach . 
 normally i would have been excited about a new mission , but this time i did n't plan to return home . 
 i 'd guarded my secret for so long ; a harder task than i 'd thought it would be . 
 so far michael was the only one who knew , and i was hoping to keep it that way . 
 `` welcome , seth , '' the council said . 
 their voice echoed off the walls of the chamber . 
 they spoke as one entity , but they were also many . 
 twelve empty thrones lined the circular wall . 
 the council only appeared to the archangels . 
 lower level angels did n't get the privilege . 
 it was like having a conversation in a cave with your eyes closed . 
 `` what 's the mission this time ? '' 
 i asked , cutting right to the chase . 
 i was n't in the mood for pleasantries or small talk . 
 `` england -- '' `` it 's always england , '' i said . 
 my brow knitted and i scowled . 
 `` that 's where you 're needed most . '' 
 i did n't personally have anything against england , but a change of scenery would 've been nice -- although , after this mission it would n't be a problem . 
 `` the land is at war . 
 many innocents are dying before their time , '' the council said . 
 the cloud dust swirled at my feet and parted to reveal the earth below . 
 i looked through the gap at a castle . 
 people bustled about , archers lined the walls , and knights readied their mounts . 
 the surrounding village was a hive of activity . 
 `` mankind has always been its own worst enemy , '' i said . 
 `` some of them deserve everything they get . '' 
 `` that may be so , but a lot of them do n't . '' 
 `` what needs to be done ? '' 
 i asked . 
 the white mist drew back over itself then swirled again and dissipated to reveal another image . 
 a young girl , heavily pregnant , walked through the village that spread out at the castle 's base . 
 she looked over her shoulder and i caught a glimpse of her vivid blue eyes . 
 `` this girl is very important , '' the council said . 
 `` you must find her -- '' `` and do what ? 
 she looks healthy . 
 is someone going to do something to her ? '' 
 `` you must make sure she and the baby survive . 
 we ca n't give you all the answers . 
 you know our interference must be minimal , and you will know what to do when the time comes , '' the council replied . 
 `` this task is more important than any you 've been set before . 
 you have n't failed yet , seth , and we trust you wo n't this time . '' 
 `` where are we landing ? '' 
 `` not far from the castle . 
 find the river and follow it to the village . 
 a woman at the first cottage will be there to help you . '' 
 `` does she have a name ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` seth , by now you should know how this works . 
 you will instantly know your go-between . 
 you 'll be able to see it in her eyes . '' 
 yes , i did know how it worked , but there was no harm in asking . 
 go-betweens were our link between heaven and earth during our mission . 
 they were n't angels , but they were blessed with divine knowledge . 
 they acted as a guide and an aid if we needed them . 
 all was quiet for a few minutes and i watched the girl walk along the road , her hand resting on top of her swollen belly . 
 why are you so important ? 
 i thought . 
 the council spoke , breaking through my reverie . 
 `` as always you may choose one other angel to accompany you . 
 may we suggest angelica , she tends to use her head a little more than -- '' `` you already know who i 'll choose . '' 
 the council fell silent , and i imagined twelve elderly men sitting on their thrones , one running his fingers through his grey beard . 
 `` very well , we will summon her , '' they said . 
 before the cloud dust closed over i took one last look at the girl , committing to memory her round face , and the way her chestnut hair folded in waves onto her shoulders . 
 i walked to where the door would be . 
 `` seth , '' the council said . 
 `` we trust you will make the right decision ? '' 
 their question made me hesitate . 
 the silence hung around me and the tension in the air was thick enough to feel with my hand . 
 i 'd been foolish to think i could get anything past the council . 
 they saw everything , and even an angel with the strongest mental guard had no hope of closing them out . 
 `` i will do what i think is right , '' i finally said . 
 the marble door appeared . 
 i pressed my palm against it and it slid open . 
 the moment i stepped over the threshold the door was concealed again . 
 the high mound of cloud dust encasing the council 's chamber fell to the floor and left me standing alone in the silence . 
 i took my time walking back to the cloud field . 
 i could have orbed , or flown , and been there in an instant , but while i was in heaven i preferred to walk . 
 something about the action soothed me . 
 there was plenty of time for orbing on earth . 
 besides , grace would n't be in the field , she 'd be in the chamber going through the same conversation i 'd just had . 
 the council never gave us many details about our missions . 
 mostly it was fine , and we knew what to do soon after we got to our destination . 
 but sometimes it took us a little longer to work out what needed to be done . 
 it frustrated me when they would n't share everything they knew . 
 i 'd long ago suspected they had a crystal ball of sorts . 
 the council could see what was coming , but they broke no rules by making us figure things out on our own . 
 basically , the angels of the light did the dirty work . 
 by the time i reached the cloud field gates grace had returned . 
 she was n't opposed to orbing in heaven . 
 i stroked the gate and it opened for me , moving the cloud dust around my feet . 
 grace walked towards me , her white dress rippled out behind her , and her pearlescent wings fluttered gently . 
 she held my gaze with her brilliant , sapphire eyes . 
 `` england again , huh , '' she said . 
 `` i wonder if there 's anywhere else in the world that needs us . '' 
 `` there are plenty of earth-bound angels , grace , '' angelica said , coming to her side . 
 `` i 'm sure you only get sent there because you 've been before . '' 
 `` or maybe we 're the best angels for the job , '' i said . 
 angelica raised her eyebrows as if to question me and i scowled at her . 
 `` knock it off you two , '' grace said . 
 `` when will you learn to get along ? '' 
 never , i thought . 
 angelica irritated me . 
 i did n't like or trust her , but she was grace 's friend so i tolerated having her around . 
 `` come on , seth . '' 
 grace orbed to the far side of the field . 
 catch me if you can . 
 i chuckled and shook my head , then began walking across the field . 
 grace was always trying to get me to orb around the place . 
 i never knew why she was in such a hurry . 
 it was n't like we needed to be anywhere in particular when we were at home . 
 i put it down to the fact she could n't sit still . 
 grace got bored easily ; she wanted to be constantly busy . 
 something you could n't really achieve when you lived in a huge expanse of whiteness . 
 `` would you hurry up , '' grace said , materialising beside me and grabbing my hand . 
 she orbed , forcing me to orb with her . 
 we crossed the field in seconds then exited through the earth-bound gate . 
 `` why the rush ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i 'm sure they can wait the few minutes it would 've taken us to walk . '' 
 `` we 're going back to earth ; is n't that reason enough to hurry ? '' 
 on any normal mission it would have been . 
 we both loved leaving heaven . 
 down there we could do so much , see so much , and have experiences we could n't have surrounded by whiteness and cloud dust . 
 but i did n't want to rush because i probably would n't be coming back . 
 it could be the last time i ever saw my home . 
 the last time i ever got to kick the white mist into the air and watch it settle gently back into place . 
 after passing through the gate , we spiralled down a ramp towards one of the lower levels . 
 it led us to the departure pad -- a large round depression in the cloud dust . 
 an angel looked up from the marble departure desk . 
 he brushed his dark hair from his brow and picked up a white clipboard and pen . 
 `` hey , daniel , '' grace said . 
 `` how 're things ? '' 
 `` pretty much the same . 
 angels go down to earth , and then they come up again . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` so , you two are off to england . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 where , exactly ? '' 
 grace asked . 
 `` it 's kind of a big place . '' 
 daniel pursed his lips . 
 `` the form just says england . 
 i 'm sure you 'll figure it out . '' 
 `` great , '' i mumbled . 
 `` you know it would n't kill the council to be specific once in a while . '' 
 daniel laughed . 
 `` you 're a big boy , seth . 
 besides , i know you love a challenge . '' 
 yep , that was true . 
 daniel handed grace the clipboard and asked her to sign next to the red x. i did the same , and we stepped out onto the departure pad . 
 `` good luck , '' daniel said . 
 `` you ready to go ? '' 
 grace asked . 
 i hesitated for a moment , then took her hand and squeezed it gently . 
 `` as ready as i 'll ever be . '' 
 daniel pushed one of two buttons that sat in the centre of the desk . 
 his smile was the last thing i saw as grace and i left heaven . 
 three grace slipped and grabbed my arm . 
 the warmth from her touch spread through me and made my head fuzzy . 
 i gently held her until she regained her feet and kept moving . 
 the moment she let go it was like she took a piece of me with her . 
 like there was something missing . 
 on earth everything was so much more alive than it was in heaven . 
 so many textures , smells and tastes , so much to experience that we could n't back home . 
 which is why when grace touched me , it was like tiny bolts of lightning coursing across my skin . 
 `` i ca n't believe they dumped us this far away , '' grace grumbled . 
 she looked to the castle in the distance . 
 `` why ca n't we just orb to where we want to be ? '' 
 `` because , you know the rules -- we have to follow their instructions . '' 
 `` yeah , yeah . 
 since when have you been an advocate for good behaviour ? '' 
 i chuckled . 
 she was right . 
 every chance i got i looked for ways to try something new , or piss someone off -- especially when it came to michael . 
 he was one of those angels that could n't help making everyone else 's business his own . 
 he 'd caught me off guard a while ago , and found out about my decision by pure accident . 
 archangels were stronger mentally and physically . 
 when michael discovered i had a thought worth listening in on , there was no stopping him . 
 i resented him for his invasion of privacy . 
 his argument had been it was his job to look after the safety and welfare of all heaven 's angels . 
 apparently he had a right to know . 
 i did n't care ; i was still pissed at him . 
 grace and i walked in silence for a while . 
 the countryside was breathtaking , but harsh . 
 rock piles littered the green hills , and grace winced with almost every step . 
 she miss-stepped again , and i managed to catch her before she hit the ground . 
 `` sit , '' i said , placing her on a large flat rock . 
 `` your feet are cut to pieces . 
 let them heal a bit before we keep going . '' 
 `` i 'm fine , seth . 
 i 'm a big girl . '' 
 `` i know , but i want to rest as well . '' 
 `` he who loves walking so much ? '' 
 she raised her eyebrows . 
 `` walking on earth is different to walking in heaven . '' 
 `` yeah , the cloud dust does n't cut your feet , '' grace scoffed . 
 she lifted her foot , rested it across her knee and inspected the damage . 
 her skin was already beginning to heal . 
 she shivered against the cold . 
 i wanted to hold her to keep her warm , but it would only make things harder . 
 i turned my attention to the valley below us . 
 in the crevice of the hills i saw the river the council had spoken of . 
 i did n't want to get up . 
 i did n't want us to keep moving , because if we did it meant i 'd have less time with grace . 
 i 'd made my decision and my argument with michael rang through my mind , but i did n't want to think about it too much . 
 grace 's gaze burned into my cheek and i could n't help looking at her . 
 her eyes sparkled and she wore a content smile . 
 after a few moments she frowned . 
 grace always knew when something was wrong . 
 her ability to read people was something all angels could do . 
 she just did it better than the rest of us . 
 i 'd spent so long keeping my secret away from her it took all my strength not to open my mind and let her in . 
 she knew i was holding something back , but she was too nice to pry . 
 `` everything all right ? '' 
 she asked , slipping her hand into mine . 
 i dropped my eyes to where our hands sat on my leg , fingers entwined . 
 it was hard for me to know where i finished and she began . 
 i wanted to tell her that no , everything was far from all right . 
 instead , i pulled her to her feet and we started walking again . 
 `` i can see the river from here , '' i said . 
 `` i hope the first cottage is n't too far away . '' 
 `` if someone can give me a coat and some shoes , i 'll be happy , '' grace replied . 
 she freed her hand from mine and wrapped her arms around herself . 
 even though the sun was shining it was cold . 
 `` i 'll second that , '' i said . 
 every time we came to earth , we faced the same problem . 
 heaven sent us with nothing . 
 we did n't get to stock up on the necessities before we left . 
 all i wore were my white linen pants . 
 and grace 's dress , although beautiful , was far from warm . 
 again i wanted to hold her and never let go . 
 `` what did the council show you through the cloud dust ? '' 
 grace asked . 
 `` a castle . 
 and a young pregnant woman . '' 
 `` why do you think she 's so important ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` there could be many reasons . 
 maybe it 's not her , maybe it 's the child . '' 
 `` did you see anything else ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` grace , i just wanted to get out of there and come back to the cloud field . 
 it was like every other time i 've been summoned . 
 i was n't paying much attention . '' 
 grace sighed . 
 `` you should know by now you have to pay close attention . '' 
 `` i do ... when it matters . '' 
 i took in the profile of her face as we walked and committed the details to memory : her black hair ; her smooth , porcelain skin . 
 the corners of her mouth turned up but she kept her eyes straight ahead . 
 the rest of our walk was mostly silent . 
 it was one of the things i loved about grace . 
 we did n't need to talk . 
 usually all it took was a glance or a smile , and we knew what the other was thinking . 
 often she 'd open her mind to me . 
 she would n't say anything in particular ; she 'd just show me places and images , or her feelings . 
 when she did that it was like wrapping my heart in a warm blanket . 
 grace had an irritating way of making me feel safe ; irritating because i was supposed to be tough . 
 i did n't usually do mushy , but she softened me in a way no one else could . 
 by the time we reached the river the sun was high in the sky . 
 the first cottage was n't much farther . 
 in the distance the castle loomed over the village like a monster with pointy teeth . 
 smoke curled from the chimneys . 
 the smell was welcoming and promised warmth . 
 the gate to the first cottage hung askew on its hinges . 
 i pushed it open and a black dog greeted us . 
 he gave my hand a quick sniff then returned to his post by the front door . 
 i rapped my knuckles against the splintery wood and waited . 
 after a few moments there was no answer , so i went to knock again . 
 grace gently grabbed my wrist to stop me . 
 she pointed down to the river where a woman walked towards us . 
 she wore a full brown skirt and a cream lace bonnet , and carried a wicker basket under her arm . 
 when the woman reached the gate she stopped to catch her breath , offering us a welcoming smile . 
 `` i was wondering when you 'd turn up , '' she said . 
 the woman stumbled and i raced to catch the basket before it could fall to the ground and scatter vegetables everywhere . 
 grace opened the door and we all shuffled through into the dim cottage . 
 i set the basket on a rustic wooden table and the woman bustled around the place , putting the produce away and generally tidying up . 
 she stoked the fire then settled back into a chair lined with soft cushions . 
 we 've found the right person , then ? 
 grace asked . 
 i looked into the woman 's eyes and saw nothing but a kind heart and grateful soul . 
 you know we have , i replied , taking a seat at the table . 
 i know . 
 i was just testing you . 
 `` go through to the bedroom , dear . 
 some clothes and boots are on the chest for you , '' the woman said to grace . 
 `` we ca n't have him half-naked . '' 
 grace blushed . 
 she went into the next room and returned with the clothing in her arms . 
 she sat at the table and laced the brown leather boots up to her shins . 
 she quickly put a jacket on and buttoned it over her dress . 
 it had a wide collar and open elbow length sleeves . 
 it was n't the highest of fashion for the time , but she would have looked beautiful in a potato sack . 
 she passed me some boots , a pair of brown slacks -- which i pulled on over my linen pants -- and a long sleeved shirt . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i took my seat at the table again . 
 the woman inclined her head and smiled warmly . 
 `` can you tell us your name ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i am ellis stanway , '' she said . 
 she unfastened the bonnet from under her chin and laid it on the arm of the chair . 
 her silver hair fell to her shoulders and she smiled again . 
 creases formed around her friendly , hazel eyes . 
 `` do you have any information for us ? '' 
 grace asked . 
 she went to the small window at the front of the cottage and stared out into the road . 
 `` where are we supposed to find her , '' she murmured . 
 `` questions later , '' ellis said . 
 `` first , we eat . '' 
 `` that 's very kind of you , '' i said . 
 `` always happy to help the likes of your people . '' 
 ellis rose from her chair and went to the kitchen . 
 she busied herself and quickly prepared a meal of bread and cheese , which she served to us on wooden plates . 
 `` it 's just you living here ? '' 
 grace asked . 
 `` yes , yes . 
 just me , '' ellis said , taking a mouthful of bread . 
 `` the keep boys over yonder make sure i 'm all right , and they watch out for the sheep that roam this side of the river . '' 
 when we finished our meal , ellis disappeared into the bedroom and came back with a blanket for each of us . 
 `` it gets so cold in here even with the morning sun , '' she said . 
 she draped one over grace 's shoulders and handed me the other . 
 inside the cottage was like a small cave with its stone walls and dirt floor . 
 the only natural light came from two small windows . 
 the rest was generated by the crackling fire and a couple of oil lamps . 
 ellis took one of the lamps from a shelf near the door and set it on the table . 
 `` now , we get down to business , '' ellis said . 
 she placed a pot of water on the stove . 
 it slowly came to the boil and bubbled noisily . 
 the fire crackled and grace went to stand in front of it to warm her hands . 
 in the centre of the table ellis put a large , round dish . 
 it was almost flat like a platter , but had enough depth to the sides to hold fruit or vegetables without them rolling off . 
 ellis set a slab of wood on the table next to the bowl and brought the pot over from the stove . 
 `` i trust by now you know what i am ? '' 
 ellis asked . 
 `` of course . '' 
 grace turned away from the fire . 
 `` you 're our go-between . 
 we have one on every mission . '' 
 `` good . 
 now , come sit down and see what i have to show you . '' 
 ellis waved grace over and we sat together on one side of the table . 
 grace pulled her blanket tighter around her shoulders and leant in . 
 ellis poured the boiling water into the shallow dish . 
 steam curled into the air and the surface of the water clouded over . 
 she dipped her finger in the centre and began to run it through the water in a figure-of-eight . 
 grace sucked in a breath at the shock of ellis putting her hand in boiling water . 
 we 'd never seen our path using this method before . 
 each time was different , and dictated by our go-between . 
 ellis had probably been doing this for many years . 
 when ellis withdrew her hand the tiny clouds floating on top of the water began to part and an image appeared in the dish . 
 the face of a young woman rippled on the surface of the water . 
 she was the same woman the council had shown me through the cloud dust , and her eyes were just as striking as they 'd been the first time i 'd seen them . 
 she wore a servant 's dress and was quite obviously pregnant . 
 grace frowned and pursed her lips . 
 `` is this the woman you saw as well ? '' 
 i asked . 
 grace nodded , and then her hand flew to her mouth . 
 i returned my attention to the image in the water . 
 the woman wore a pained expression and she clutched her swollen belly . 
 `` it 's the baby , is n't it ? '' 
 grace looked at ellis with questioning eyes . 
 `` you must find her , and make sure both she and this child survive , '' ellis said . 
 `` can we ask what will happen if we fail ? '' 
 `` you can , dear , but i wo n't answer you . '' 
 ellis ' eyes sparkled and she chuckled deeply . 
 `` i 'm not permitted to tell you anything other than where to find her . '' 
 `` then tell us where she is . 
 we 'll go straight away . 
 we can get there in seconds , '' grace said . 
 but ellis was shaking her head . 
 `` i 'm not sure it 's wise to be so hasty . 
 there 's a lot of unrest at the moment . 
 it might do to wait a bit . '' 
 `` we can look after ourselves , '' i said . 
 `` and tomorrow may be too late . '' 
 i stared at ellis . 
 if she 'd been any normal person without a divine blessing , i 'd have been able to see and hear everything she was thinking , but her thoughts were off-limits to us . 
 the council always made sure we only knew what was necessary to get the job done . 
 grace glanced at me sideways . 
 she was eager to get going , but she knew the rules as well as i did . 
 the first person we met was the one to trust . 
 there was always a reason we landed where we did . 
 ellis regarded us for a moment . 
 even though she had the power to sway our decisions , she would n't stand in our way . 
 she would agree with whatever we chose to do . 
 `` very well then , '' she said . 
 `` but be careful . 
 if anyone questions who you are , tell them you 're visiting me . '' 
 ellis picked up the shallow bowl and the image of the girl disappeared . 
 she tipped the water out and busied herself with cleaning up . 
 grace and i sat patiently at the table . 
 ellis sighed . 
 `` she 's a scullion in the castle kitchen and her name is amity , but i ca n't tell you any more than that . 
 now go on , get , before i make you stay . '' 
 she waved us out the door . 
 i handed ellis our blankets and held the gate open for grace . 
 a chicken clucked and flew down from its perch on the fence . 
 `` you know where to come if you need help , '' ellis called after us . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i waved as we walked down the road . 
 farmers tended sheep in the surrounding fields . 
 the village was a hive of activity , but the faces of the people were strained . 
 peasants worked in their own gardens , and many of them stopped what they were doing to stare as we walked by . 
 some children played close to their homes but their enthusiasm was low , others peered out windows with worried expressions . 
 there was noise and chatter everywhere except between grace and i. i wanted to talk to grace , to say something to fill our silence , but i did n't know what to say . 
 until that moment it had always been so easy with her ; we 'd always been connected , but my decision weighed heavily in my mind , and for the first time ever i was growing uncomfortable in her presence . 
 `` seth ... '' grace paused . 
 `` you 've hardly said anything since we left home . 
 i 'm worried . 
 i know there 's something you 're not telling me . '' 
 `` of course you do , '' i sighed . 
 `` what 's that supposed to mean ? '' 
 grace frowned and folded her arms . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` just that i ca n't get anything past you . '' 
 i could feel her gently probing the wall in my mind , but i did n't let it budge . 
 it was better she did n't know about what i was going to do . 
 she 'd never condone it , and when she realised she could n't stop me , she 'd probably want to come with me . 
 i could n't ask her to do that . 
 `` really , i 'm fine . '' 
 i smiled half-heartedly . 
 `` if you say so , '' she said . 
 grace looked up at me and smiled . 
 light glinted in her sapphire eyes , making them sparkle , and it was like staring at a star filled galaxy . 
 if i could i would 've frozen her in that moment . 
 since i 'd known her there had probably been a million moments i 'd have said the same thing . 
 but the way she exuded beauty , divinity and grace captivated me . 
 she did n't know i was in love with her . 
 she loved me , just not the way i wanted . 
 grace loved everyone unconditionally . 
 but true , passionate love was forbidden for any angel . 
 so many times i 'd come close to telling her , but it was better this way . 
 if she knew how i felt , it would change everything between us . 
 i could n't risk it . 
 and if the council ever found out i 'd confessed my love for her , they 'd condemn both of us . 
 i had to give her up , and the only way to do that was to leave . 
 i returned her smile , and struggled to hold back the tears that stung my eyes . 
 four grace and i walked the length of the road that snaked through the village and discussed our options on ways to find amity . 
 grace wanted to orb right in there , but i pointed out the flaws in her hasty plan . 
 `` we ca n't just materialise in a ball of light , '' i said . 
 `` do n't you think it might scare a few people ? '' 
 grace scowled . 
 `` well , what 's your suggestion ? '' 
 `` she 's a scullion . 
 we 'll get into the castle first then go straight to the kitchen . '' 
 we stopped at the bridge and i casually tossed some pebbles into the moat while eyeing the entrance to the castle . 
 the portcullis was closed and the porter was quite noticeably asleep . 
 his head lolled to the side . 
 he startled himself awake only to nod off again almost instantly . 
 the watchman came past on what i assumed was one of his rounds . 
 he stopped and kicked the porter who swore and jumped to his feet . 
 they exchanged some heated words . 
 the watchman looked out through the portcullis then continued on his rounds . 
 i chuckled when the porter made a rude gesture at the watchman 's back before he sat down and nodded off again . 
 soldiers lined the wall-walk and conversed amongst themselves while they kept an eye on the surrounding country side . 
 there did n't seem to be any evidence of an imminent attack , but everyone was on guard none the less -- except for the porter . 
 i took another glance around . 
 the village bustled with activity , but people mostly stayed close to their homes . 
 inside the castle everyone should have be sitting down to dinner , and that meant amity would hopefully be where we expected -- in the kitchen . 
 the porter was still dozing , and the watchman was out of sight . 
 `` i wonder if we could walk up and knock , '' grace said . 
 `` do you think he 'd let us in ? '' 
 `` i think we 'd be pushing our luck , '' i replied . 
 `` do we really want to draw unnecessary attention to ourselves ? 
 all we have to do is get past the barbican . 
 once we 're inside it should be easy to blend in . 
 if the porter stays asleep he wo n't give us any trouble . '' 
 `` if you say so , '' grace said . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 i nodded , took one last look around to make sure no one was watching , and orbed . 
 balls of pure , white light emanated from our centres and grew out until they engulfed us . 
 moments later our light spun on the other side of the portcullis . 
 when we had re-formed , grace and i quickly dropped back into the shadows . 
 the porter mumbled something in his sleep , but did n't wake . 
 the area on the other side of the barbican was quiet , but we had to get out before the watchman came past on another round . 
 i grabbed grace 's hand and quickly walked across to the inner bailey . 
 when we reached the wall i stopped and took a moment to decide which way to go next . 
 i heard footsteps coming towards us and panicked . 
 i was n't sure if we were permitted to be in that part of the castle , so i tugged gently on grace 's hand , spun her around and pressed her against the wall . 
 her chest rose and fell in beat with mine . 
 she clutched my upper arms and stared into my eyes . 
 my hands rested against the wall on either side of her head , our faces mere millimetres from each other , and in a moment of pure misjudgement i leant in intending to kiss her . 
 grace 's grip on my arms tightened and her breathing sped up . 
 `` what have we here , '' a gruff voice said . 
 i closed my eyes and rested my forehead against grace 's . 
 `` just taking a moment , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm sure you understand . '' 
 i turned my head a little and tried to smile wickedly . 
 the watchman sniggered . 
 `` i think you 'd better move along . 
 the feast is about to start , and if you 're meant to be working you 'll be in trouble . '' 
 `` of course , '' i said . 
 i put my arm around grace 's shoulders and led her away . 
 we followed the wall until we turned the corner and i let go of grace . 
 i could n't look at her , and i could n't believe what i 'd almost done . 
 if the watchman had n't have come along when he did , i 'd be attempting to explain something i did n't want to . 
 as it was , grace was n't going to let me off so easily . 
 `` what happened back there ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` nothing , '' i said a little too quickly . 
 `` i was trying to keep us out of trouble . '' 
 `` by pressing me against the wall and almost kissing me ? '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 i asked . 
 grace blushed and looked away . 
 `` never mind , '' she mumbled . 
 guilt punched me in the stomach as we snaked our way through the castle grounds . 
 i did n't want grace to feel uncomfortable , but i could n't let her think my actions were anything other than for her protection . 
 we walked in silence until we passed the blacksmith 's shed , and the stables . 
 grace stopped to stroke the nose of a fine-looking mare . 
 a squire brushed the horse 's coat , and he offered grace a bashful smile . 
 the mare whinnied and tossed her head , but lowered it again for another pat . 
 `` i can look after myself , you know , '' grace said . 
 she stared at the mare as she scratched between its ears . 
 i sighed . 
 `` i know . 
 i just acted on the spur of the moment . 
 i thought it would be a good cover . 
 and we 're a team , remember ? 
 i watch out for you ; hopefully you 'll watch out for me . '' 
 `` i 've always watched out for you . '' 
 grace lowered her hand and faced me . 
 `` you 're my best friend . '' 
 the corners of my mouth curled up . 
 `` come on , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm guessing the kitchen is near the great hall . '' 
 `` and where most of the smoke is coming from ? '' 
 grace looked to the blue sky ; a trail of smoke tumbled across it and mingled with the clouds . 
 i grunted and kept walking . 
 the kitchen was built a little way away from the great hall , the two buildings joined by a timber passage . 
 livestock was tethered to posts along the outer wall . 
 the entrance was littered with rubbish and muck . 
 a young man shovelled it into a trough ; the stink was disgusting . 
 a large round woman with a dirty apron threw a bucket of scraps out the door . 
 they landed on my feet and i scowled at her . 
 `` what are you looking at ? '' 
 she said . 
 already , i did n't like her . 
 `` we 're looking for amity , '' i replied , trying not to growl . 
 `` well , she 's working . 
 only workers are allowed inside my kitchen . '' 
 `` we 'll work , '' i said . 
 the woman looked me up and down . 
 `` i 'll feed you , but there 's no pay . '' 
 `` that 's fine . '' 
 grace stared at me with wide eyes . 
 you want us to work , in there ? 
 she turned her nose up . 
 come on , princess . 
 what better way to find out how to help amity ? 
 before grace could protest further , i followed the woman into the kitchen . 
 the room was huge with a high cavernous ceiling . 
 people bustled everywhere . 
 fires burned in the large ovens . 
 cooks stirred food boiling in big cauldrons . 
 kitchen hands lined a table and chopped vegetables in time with one another . 
 dried herbs hung from wooden racks on the wall . 
 there was so much happening i did n't know where to look first . 
 grace took two aprons down from a hook and handed one to me . 
 before i 'd even had time to tie it around my waist , several servants entered the kitchen from the tunnel . 
 we were swept up in their procession and did n't stop until we reached the far end of the room . 
 bowls , plates , cups and spoons were strewn onto the floor . 
 large tubs were pulled from a recess in the wall , and a small boy filled the first with a bucket of water . 
 no sooner had he left than another boy tipped his bucket in . 
 the children kept coming until the tubs were full . 
 the servants knelt at the tubs and began to scrub the utensils . 
 they seemed to have it down to an art . 
 some would wash , others rinse , others dry , and finally someone would stack everything on a nearby table . 
 grace was grinning from ear to ear watching the mechanics of their team work . 
 so far , no one had noticed we were n't helping . 
 grace raised her eyebrows at me then grabbed my arm and pulled me to my knees . 
 she thrust a dirty bowl into my hands and dunked one into the tub herself . 
 it looked like we were going to wash dishes . 
 a minute ago you were turning your nose up , i said in her head . 
 we should probably try to blend in , she replied . 
 and it gives us a chance to find amity without drawing attention to ourselves . 
 there was a mix of young and old , male and female , all working hard . 
 i tried to look at the faces around the tubs , but everyone had their heads down concentrating on their work . 
 i turned my attention to the rest of the kitchen , taking in all the movement and noise . 
 then i saw amity walking towards us . 
 she held a basket in her hands , and was noticeably uncomfortable due to her pregnant state . 
 when she reached the table where the clean bowls and plates were stacked , she cried out and bent forward . 
 the basket slipped from her hands and she knocked a stack of bowls to the floor . 
 they scattered in every direction , and the sound echoed through the kitchen . 
 the woman who 'd greeted us at the door hurried over and grabbed amity by the hair . 
 she pulled her to her feet and amity screamed in pain . 
 i did n't know if it was from having her hair pulled , or from the way she clutched her belly . 
 grace 's eyes widened in shock , and my initial reaction was to run to amity 's defence . 
 it was enough to make my blood boil beneath my skin . 
 i went to stand , but grace grabbed my arm . 
 the woman yelled at amity and i cringed . 
 `` what are you doing , '' she screamed . 
 `` look at this mess . '' 
 amity whimpered and stared at the woman with scared eyes . 
 a tear rolled silently down her cheek . 
 she squeezed her eyes shut , leant forward and cried out . 
 `` she 's in labour , '' grace said . 
 `` so , now we intervene ? '' 
 i asked . 
 grace scowled , jumped to her feet and raced to amity 's side . 
 she put an arm around her shoulders to stop her from tumbling to the floor . 
 then she turned on the woman . 
 `` how dare you treat her like this you evil witch ! '' 
 `` do n't you speak to me like that , '' the woman said . 
 `` i 'm the boss around here . '' 
 grace fixed the woman with a dark stare , and it made her take a step back . 
 i smiled to myself . 
 even when she was angry , grace was beautiful . 
 `` with god as your witness you will not lay another hand on this girl ! '' 
 grace said . 
 `` now , let us pass . '' 
 she glowed softly with her divine light . 
 the woman 's eyes widened . 
 she bowed her head and mumbled an apology . 
 the entire kitchen had come to a standstill . 
 all eyes were on grace , and the workers ' faces were filled with awe . 
 the woman stepped aside and grace helped amity to the door . 
 i stood to follow . 
 the woman frowned but did n't attempt to stop me . 
 after i 'd stepped outside , she clapped her hands and ordered everyone back to work . 
 `` we have to get her somewhere to have this baby , '' i said . 
 the man with the shovel stopped and stared before returning to his task . 
 `` amity , where do you live ? '' 
 grace asked . 
 amity cried out again and doubled over . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 she asked through clenched teeth . 
 `` we 're here to help . '' 
 i glanced at grace over the top of amity 's head . 
 amity looked at me , her eyes glistened with fear . 
 but it was n't a fear of what was happening to her . 
 i could read it in her soul . 
 she was afraid because she had no one . 
 no husband , no family . 
 she was alone . 
 amity moaned and squeezed her eyes shut , her face contorting into a grimace . 
 `` do you have anyone we can send for ? 
 the father ? '' 
 i asked , but i already knew what her answer would be . 
 amity shook her head . 
 `` lost in the war . '' 
 she stopped , dropped to her knees and clutched her belly . 
 `` please ! 
 do something , '' she cried . 
 come on , seth . 
 we have to orb her to a safe place . 
 grace spoke in my mind . 
 she ca n't have her baby here in the pig muck . 
 we 'd only made it as far as the tethered animals . 
 we ca n't disappear in a ball of light either , i replied . 
 there are people watching . 
 then we 'll go somewhere else . 
 grace placed a hand on amity 's shoulder . 
 `` where do you normally sleep ? 
 do you have your own space ? '' 
 amity groaned again and shook her head . 
 `` i sleep on the kitchen floor . '' 
 `` well , that 's not much help , '' grace mumbled . 
 i helped amity to her feet and we guided her away from the animals in search of a cleaner , more private place . 
 the nasty woman from the kitchen came running after us . 
 i hoped her conscience had gotten the better of her and she would n't yell again . 
 `` get her to the midwife , '' she said . 
 `` she 'll be taken care of there . '' 
 `` can you tell us which way ? '' 
 grace asked . 
 `` you 're not from here , are you ? '' 
 the woman looked scared , as if grace would strike her down at any moment . 
 `` no , of course you 're not . '' 
 the woman grabbed a young boy as he ran past . 
 she ordered him to guide us to a small , stone room where we 'd find a woman named constance . 
 she assured us it was n't very far , so we hurried off . 
 amity managed to walk most of the way . 
 we had to stop a few times for her contractions , but we eventually made it . 
 those who were n't feasting in the great hall , or working , stopped to watch as we passed , but no one offered to help or gave us any trouble . 
 we reached the doorway to the room the woman had told us about and i helped amity inside . 
 it was dark and musty ; the only light came from candles burning in small holes in the walls . 
 there was a straw mat in one corner with a tub of water and a stool next to it . 
 there was also a u-shaped chair that i could only assume was used for giving birth . 
 i looked at grace sideways . 
 `` hello , '' grace called . 
 amity moaned in my arms . 
 i could feel her weakening , and if i was n't holding her up she 'd have fallen to the floor in a heap . 
 a woman came into the room through a doorway i had n't seen in the dim light . 
 she went to the tub , washed her hands and wiped them on her apron before sitting down on the stool . 
 `` well , come on , bring her over , '' she said . 
 grace and i helped amity to the mat and laid her down on her side . 
 she was sweating and had her eyes shut tightly , as if not looking would take the pain away . 
 `` thank you , '' grace said . 
 `` constance , is it ? '' 
 `` yes , yes . 
 now , she 'll be fine . 
 it 's been a while since i 've lost anyone . 
 i 'll take good care of her . '' 
 constance looked at me . 
 `` you ca n't stay . 
 no men while women are having babies . '' 
 grace hid a smirk behind her hand . 
 it 's not funny , i said to grace . 
 how am i supposed to help if i 'm not in the room ? 
 it is funny , and it 's just the way they do things . 
 `` i 'll keep you informed , '' grace said so constance could hear . 
 `` just wait outside . '' 
 five sweat beaded on my forehead and i wiped it away with the back of my hand . 
 i 'd been sitting outside the birthing room long enough for the sun to dip below the castle wall , and there was still no baby . 
 grace had come out to update me on amity 's progress twice . 
 i wished she 'd come out again to let me know what was going on . 
 a few times i 'd tried to speak to her in her head , but she kept telling me to be patient . 
 patience was n't my best virtue . 
 `` hey , '' grace said . 
 i glanced up to see her standing in the doorway . 
 `` update ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she sat beside me and leant against the stone wall . 
 `` any minute now . 
 but i think there 's something wrong . '' 
 `` why else would we be here ? '' 
 grace pursed her lips . 
 `` we ca n't interfere unless we absolutely have to . '' 
 `` if we ca n't take her pain away and actually help , what good are we ? '' 
 i growled in frustration . 
 `` are n't you the one usually telling me to follow the rules ? '' 
 grace drew her knees to her chest and laid her cheek on them . 
 she smiled sweetly . 
 `` we were told to make sure they survive , nothing more . '' 
 `` well , to do that , should n't we be in there with amity ? 
 not out here discussing it ? '' 
 footsteps sounded from inside the birthing room and constance poked her head out . 
 `` come . 
 it 's time , '' she said . 
 `` i want seth to come , too , '' grace said as she got to her feet . 
 constance stared at grace , her face serious . 
 from the look in her eyes something was terribly wrong . 
 `` i noticed the difference in you from the moment you arrived . 
 i ca n't explain it , but i feel calm in your presence . 
 if you want this man in the birthing room , then i think there may be a good reason , '' she said . 
 `` you can trust us , '' grace said . 
 `` seth would never harm amity . 
 he wants to help . 
 we both do . '' 
 constance turned to me . 
 `` well , i hope you can help . 
 i do n't think she 'll make it . 
 but no one is to ever know you were in here while she was giving birth . 
 it 's unheard of , and i could lose my place in the community . '' 
 she looked both ways out the door before ushering us inside . 
 amity lay on her side on the straw mat . 
 she moaned softly and had her eyes tightly shut . 
 constance knelt beside her and gently coaxed her to a sitting position . 
 amity cried out as another contraction ripped through her body . 
 `` come on dear , it wo n't be too much longer . 
 you need to start pushing , '' constance said . 
 `` i ca n't , '' amity moaned . 
 constance motioned to grace . 
 `` help me get her onto the birthing chair . '' 
 grace went to amity 's side and took her hand . 
 they helped her onto the chair and grace knelt beside her . 
 i positioned myself behind amity and took her other hand . 
 `` what 's he doing in here ? '' 
 amity asked . 
 `` shush now , he 's here to help , '' constance said . 
 `` you can do this , '' grace said . 
 `` we 're right here . 
 you 're not alone . '' 
 i wiped sweat from amity 's brow with a cloth then looked at constance . 
 her mouth pressed into a thin line , and she shook her head . 
 i could read in her mind what the problem was . 
 `` the baby is breech . '' 
 constance sat on the stool and reached a hand under the birthing chair . 
 `` when you feel a contraction i want you to push . '' 
 amity moaned again and tears squeezed from the corners of her eyes . 
 i channelled my strength into her through my hands . 
 we may not have been able to interfere until absolutely necessary , but i could n't sit back and do nothing . 
 my energy would calm her . 
 be ready , i said in grace 's head . 
 she nodded , and the power of her energy flowed into amity as well . 
 constance guided amity through the pushes . 
 amity screamed each time , slumping back against the chair to rest between contractions . 
 i could feel her life force draining ; it came and went in waves , and each time it ebbed my heart ached for her . 
 `` the legs are out , '' constance cried . 
 `` just a little longer . '' 
 a few minutes later amity brought a baby into the world . 
 `` it 's a boy , '' grace whispered . 
 i squeezed amity 's hand , but there was no response . 
 her head lolled on her shoulders and she slipped sideways . 
 i caught her before she could tumble off the chair . 
 `` he 's not breathing . '' 
 constance laid the boy on the mat and swaddled him in some cloth . 
 `` seth , help amity , '' grace said . 
 she swept the baby into her arms . 
 for a moment all i could do was watch in awe as she did what we were sent to do . 
 grace gazed at the baby . 
 his face was peaceful and he was still . 
 grace smiled her beautiful , angelic smile , and her skin glowed . 
 she cradled the boy 's head with one hand , and her golden glow spread into him . 
 within moments he opened his eyes . 
 then he opened his mouth and cried . 
 i turned my attention to amity and lifted her from the chair to lay her on the straw . 
 i could feel grace 's eyes on me , watching my every move . 
 a little help would be nice , i said to her . 
 grace handed the baby to constance -- who seemed in shock at the miracle grace had performed -- and joined me at amity 's side . 
 the young woman lay still . 
 no breath , no movement , but a faint heartbeat . 
 we placed our hands on her and our light flowed into her body . 
 constance sucked in a sharp breath and held the baby closer to her breast . 
 amity 's skin shone with our light . 
 it coursed through her and healed her . 
 we nourished her tired body with our divinity , and before long she was breathing again . 
 `` how did you ... '' constance stared at us with wide eyes . 
 grace raised her head and smiled . 
 a halo of divine light bathed her in its glow . 
 constance fell to her knees and sobbed , clutching the newborn to her chest . 
 she crawled to us and touched our feet . 
 `` please , stand up , constance . '' 
 grace leant down , took her by the elbow and guided her to her feet . 
 `` you do n't need to kneel in our presence . '' 
 amity 's eyes fluttered open and she tried to move . 
 `` easy does it , you 're still weak , '' grace said . 
 she helped amity sit up . 
 `` where 's my baby ? '' 
 amity asked . 
 constance came closer to hand the boy over when amity lurched forward and cried out in more pain . 
 i caught her before she fell on her side . 
 constance thrust the baby into grace 's arms and knelt at amity 's feet . 
 she felt beneath amity 's dress and her eyes widened in alarm . 
 `` there 's another baby , '' she said . 
 `` no ! 
 i ca n't do it again , '' amity cried . 
 i held amity 's weight . 
 she fell into me and her eyes rolled back in her head . 
 grace hastily rinsed a cloth in the tub and handed it to me . 
 i wiped amity 's face and gently patted her cheek until she opened her eyes . 
 `` you can do this , '' i said . 
 she nodded , and then grimaced as she pushed with another contraction . 
 within minutes there was another set of tiny fingers and toes being swaddled in cloth . 
 `` a girl , '' constance said with a smile . 
 `` now you have your pigeon pair . '' 
 this time the baby seemed fine . 
 i helped amity lie down and grace brought one bundle , then the other , to amity 's side . 
 the boy cried until amity put him to her breast , but the little girl was content to lie on the straw and gurgle softly . 
 her eyes were divine and wiser than her few short minutes of life . 
 she would grow up to do great things . 
 `` what will you name them ? '' 
 grace asked . 
 amity stared lovingly at her new children . 
 `` william , i think , after his father , and fortune , because i am so fortunate to have your blessings . '' 
 constance bustled around and cleaned up . 
 she spread fresh straw over the floor , changed the water in the bucket , and took the rags into the back room . 
 `` amity , will you and the children be all right ? '' 
 grace asked . 
 `` of course they will , '' constance said . 
 `` women give birth every day . '' 
 `` will you watch over them for us ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i 'll make sure they have a suitable place to stay . '' 
 after what constance had witnessed grace and i do , i did n't doubt she would make it her life 's mission to see amity and the twins safe . 
 as a midwife she had a great standing within the community . 
 she would do everything in her power to look out for them as if they were her own . 
 `` it 's time for us to go , '' grace said . 
 constance took my hand and bowed . 
 she did the same to grace then blessed herself with the sign of the cross . 
 `` thank you for bringing your light to save these children . '' 
 grace went to the babies and placed a hand on each of their heads . 
 `` may you live a long and healthy life , and fulfil the destiny that has been chosen for you . '' 
 she blessed amity as well before returning to my side . 
 when we stepped from the stone room the sky was dark and alive with stars . 
 through all the commotion of the day i had n't had much time to think about my decision . 
 the realisation it was so near gripped my heart like an iron fist and cracked it beyond repair . 
 but again there was no time to think about it . 
 the castle was a flurry of activity . 
 people ran everywhere ; horses were being led from the stables , and knights readied themselves to defend the castle . 
 something must have been happening outside the castle walls , but we were n't staying around to find out what . 
 `` i do n't understand why we ca n't interfere with the bigger problem , '' grace said . 
 `` all this fighting is a useless waste of life . '' 
 `` in the long run , it 's the small things that matter , '' i replied . 
 grace slipped her hand into mine . 
 `` i suppose you 're right , '' she said . 
 six grace tugged my hand and we raced along the stone wall . 
 she giggled and it made me smile . 
 it sounded like bells chiming . 
 i followed close behind . 
 her hair flicked out behind her and caressed the nape of her neck . 
 i imprinted in my memory every line and every curve of her body , because i did n't know when i 'd see her next , or if i 'd ever see her again . 
 she glanced over her shoulder and her eyes sparkled . 
 her face was radiant ; her porcelain skin glowed under the moonlight . 
 she was beautiful , and heavenly , and i loved her so much it hurt . 
 grace pulled me into a stone alcove . 
 her touch spread warmth and happiness through me , and made me feel like i was home . 
 but the happiness was to be short-lived . 
 `` we have to go back now , '' she whispered . 
 she was right . 
 our time had finally run out , but i did n't want it to end . 
 `` just a few more minutes , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm sure they wo n't mind . '' 
 `` they see everything . 
 we should be back already . '' 
 grace was right , she was always right . 
 we stood for a moment and gazed into each other 's eyes , and i wanted her more than i 'd ever wanted anything , so much so it carved a painful wound through my chest all the way to my heart . 
 `` fly with me first ? '' 
 i asked . 
 grace hesitated , then smiled and nodded . 
 we removed our borrowed clothing and placed it in a neat pile . 
 hopefully it would be found by someone who needed it . 
 i slipped my hands around grace 's waist and she rested her head on my chest . 
 i closed my eyes and orbed ; the tiny glowing spheres swirled around us until they joined together and took us away from earth . 
 we materialised in the outer realm where we could fly freely without the risk of being seen . 
 flying was the most amazing feeling , and we flew side by side , twisting and turning in unison . 
 for a while i forgot all my troubles . 
 i forgot about the consequences of my decision and that i may never see grace again . 
 i forgot about my breaking heart . 
 a gentle breeze from the flutter of grace 's wings caressed my arm and sent a shiver through me . 
 she shimmered in the night sky , and it took all my strength not to reach out and touch her . 
 i longed to feel the silky smoothness of her feathers beneath my fingertips , to hold her close . 
 i would not be with her when she returned home and it broke my heart all over again . 
 for a while longer we danced and twirled across the night sky . 
 grace 's giggle drifted amongst the stars , and they twinkled brighter as she neared . 
 i wished we could stay like that for eternity , but the time had come to say goodbye . 
 i had to let her go . 
 we should have been back already , so i reached for her and took her in my arms for the last time . 
 i savoured her touch and drew in the fresh scent of her hair . 
 it smelt like summer rain . 
 i spent one last moment committing to memory how her body fitted perfectly with mine . 
 but the worst thing i could do at that moment was let myself feel , so i hardened my heart instead . 
 grace lifted her head and looked deep into my eyes . 
 she pulled away a little , about to ask what was wrong . 
 i struggled to keep my emotions in check , to hold it all in . 
 the feeling was so overwhelming i lost the battle and a tear slipped down my cheek . 
 grace reached up and caught it in the palm of her hand where it sat glistening before it solidified into a diamond . 
 before grace had the chance to speak , to ask questions i did n't want to answer , i said the words i 'd been waiting a long time to say . 
 `` i renounce you and all your ways . '' 
 grace shook her head . 
 her expression would haunt me forever . 
 i hated that i was the reason why she looked that way . 
 at first she grabbed for me , but i slipped through her fingers and she became nothing more than a blur at the end of a long , dark tunnel . 
 i could see her lips moving as she screamed my name , but i could n't hear her . 
 before long i was covered in a blanket of cold , heavy darkness . 
 i did n't know what was in store for me . 
 i 'd never met a fallen angel . 
 i was never on earth long enough to find one . 
 if i had , i 'd have asked what the fall was like . 
 maybe then i would have decided differently . 
 the actual fall was n't bad , just cold and dark . 
 it was what greeted me on the other side that scared the life out of me . 
 yes , me -- the big tough guy -- was scared . 
 i tumbled over myself for a while until the air started to get warm . 
 one moment i was falling fast enough to make my hair stand on end , the next i 'd stopped . 
 no sudden impact , no bone crunching crash . 
 i was suspended in time and surrounded by more darkness . 
 before i could think about how weird it was to be stuck in the air , the ground came up to meet my face . 
 my hands slid across rock and i grunted as i sprawled onto my belly . 
 for a moment i lay there in the dirt . 
 i was tired , and lying on the ground seemed like a good idea . 
 light seeped into my surroundings and it grabbed my attention . 
 `` no rest for the wicked , '' i grumbled , as i got to my feet . 
 my linen pants had turned black . 
 they were tattered around the edges and ripped at the knees . 
 my skin was clammy and sweat beaded on my brow . 
 i wiped it away with the back of my hand . 
 slowly , i edged my way towards the light . 
 my hand touched rock and i trailed my fingers along it as i went . 
 even if i had met a fallen angel , no amount of explaining would have prepared me for what i saw when i emerged from the mouth of the cave . 
 a huge wall of fire filled a wide chasm in the rock and rose into the air as far as i could see . 
 the roar was deafening . 
 through the flames was a black gate flanked by two gnarled and twisted moreton bay figs . 
 they were leafless and grotesque , their shape changing behind the wall of flickering fire . 
 faces moved in and out of the flames . 
 several would take shape before disintegrating so others could take their place . 
 i heard screams rise above the crackle and roar of the fire , and they chilled me to my bone . 
 i did not want to enter the gates of hell . 
 someone began to laugh , and a face made of fire emerged fully from the flames . 
 this time it did n't recede . 
 `` the way i see it , you have two choices , '' it said . 
 `` wander around aimlessly as an outcast and never have a place , or join me . '' 
 the face grinned and its teeth dripped fire . 
 the gates squealed , metal on metal , and began to open . 
 `` on second thought , i 'll make it easy for you . '' 
 the fire leapt towards me and i was engulfed by scorching flames . 
 they licked at my skin . 
 it blistered and turned black , but healed just as quickly as it burned . 
 the heat was so intense i thought i was about to die , or be thrust into the fiery chasm . 
 in a moment of clarity i realised i did n't care . 
 i 'd already given up the one thing i 'd lived for . 
 i thought about grace . 
 about how much i loved her . 
 i hoped she was all right , and that my leaving had n't damaged her too much . 
 i prayed she was safe , and i prayed harder than i 'd ever prayed before that one day i 'd see her again -- prayers that would probably go unanswered . 
 i was so busy concentrating on the image of grace in my mind i hardly noticed when the fire left me . 
 it pulled back into the chasm in an almighty roar . 
 the gates slammed shut with a metallic screech . 
 `` have it your way , '' the voice boomed . 
 `` but do n't be fooled into thinking love will always save you . 
 in the end , it will destroy you . '' 
 the wall of flames dropped to the height of the gate . 
 the faces still twisted and writhed within it , but they were less eager , as if they had no reason to fight anymore . 
 after they quieted down , and the fire was n't as aggressive , i could hear the voices of the damned : sad , sorry laments of past lives and regrets . 
 i pitied them ; i did n't want to be one of them . 
 despite the heat , a chill seeped into my bones . 
 i turned away from the fire and pulled my wings around myself . 
 my wing-tips crossed in front of me . 
 the sight of them made me stumble and fall to my knees . 
 the hard rock cut into my skin through the holes in my pants . 
 i flexed my wing muscles and a shiver ran through my feathers . 
 i flapped them a few times to make sure they were mine . 
 my wings should have been pearl-white . 
 they were now black . 
 what had i done ? 
 an overwhelming urge to weep engulfed me , but i would not cry . 
 i 'd already shed one tear , and that was enough . 
 instead , i piled up all my anger , and hate , and let out a roar so powerful it shook me and rocked me on my knees . 
 i got to my feet and took one last look at the gates of hell . 
 i vowed then and there never to set foot through them . 
 maybe i deserved to after what i 'd done , but there were far worse ways to punish myself . 
 in no way did i believe i deserved to escape from my decision . 
 what i needed was to face it . 
 i 'd betrayed the only people who 'd loved me ; left my family and friends for selfish reasons . 
 i 'd hit absolute rock bottom , and i hated myself . 
 i hated michael for not stopping me , but then i hated myself all over again because heaven had denied me the right to love freely . 
 a layer of stone grew over my heart and encased it in bitterness . 
 never again would i allow myself to love . 
 it was n't worth the pain . 
 i looked at the ring on my right hand , the ring my father had given me so long ago . 
 the stone that was once a brilliant tiger 's eye had turned black . 
 a roar rose inside me , and this time when i let it free i orbed at the same time . 
 only i did n't . 
 the feeling was pretty much the same . 
 my body split into a million tiny pieces and re-formed at the other end , but there was no light . 
 instead of creating spinning orbs of pure , white light , i turned into a thick , black mist . 
 when i landed i was still yelling . 
 i threw my weight forward and punched the first thing i set eyes on . 
 it happened to be a tree , and the force of my fist split the trunk . 
 a crack resounded off the trees around me and i stopped to take in my surroundings . 
 where had i landed ? 
 in the middle of a forest it seemed . 
 my heart was racing and i had to steady myself against another tree to catch my breath . 
 it was the first time i 'd let my anger completely consume me . 
 but i was n't who i used to be . 
 i 'd never be the same again . 
 `` do i need to say , i told you so ? '' 
 when i raised my head i stared straight at michael . 
 he stood with his arms folded and looked as cocky as ever . 
 suddenly , there was something else i wanted to punch . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 i asked . 
 michael sighed . 
 his brow furrowed and he pursed his lips . 
 it was a long while before he spoke . 
 `` believe it or not , i wanted to see if you were all right . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` as if you 'd care , '' i said , and then turned to walk away . 
 orbs of light spun in front of me and michael appeared , blocking my path . 
 i shoved him in the chest and he shoved me harder . 
 the force sent me reeling backwards a few steps and i lunged at him again . 
 this time i held nothing back . 
 my fist connected with his face . 
 michael 's head snapped to the side and blood sprayed from his nose . 
 he did n't return the blow . 
 `` i care , seth . 
 i care more than you think , '' michael said . 
 he wiped his nose with the back of his hand . 
 `` come on , '' i screamed at him . 
 `` hit me ! '' 
 i threw another punch and this time michael caught my hand with his . 
 `` do n't blame me for your decision , '' he said . 
 i shook free of him and scowled . 
 `` you should have stopped me . '' 
 `` you should have chosen differently . 
 running away does n't solve anything . 
 and we both know i would never have been able to . 
 you 're too stubborn . '' 
 before i could stop myself , i lashed out again . 
 this time michael was n't as nice . 
 his fist smacked me in the mouth and blood welled on my tongue . 
 i grabbed him by the arms and threw him to the ground , but michael was stronger than me and he held on . 
 we tumbled over each other until we stopped with michael on top of me . 
 he hit me until all i could see was a haze of red . 
 `` come on , seth , '' michael yelled . 
 `` do n't give up now . '' 
 he lifted me off the ground then slammed me back down . 
 `` is n't this what you wanted ? 
 because it 's what you get when you renounce your god . '' 
 i started to laugh . 
 it rippled up my body to my shoulders and made them shake . 
 `` i thought you said you cared , '' i managed to say . 
 michael stopped and got to his feet . 
 he held out a hand to help me up , but i hesitated before accepting it . 
 he grabbed me so his palm clutched my inner left forearm . 
 heat radiated from his hand and i tried to pull away , but he held me firm . 
 `` i did say i care , i just show it differently . '' 
 he started to laugh with me then stopped himself . 
 his face grew serious and his look made me stop , too . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i asked . 
 my arm grew hotter , almost to the point of being unbearable . 
 `` giving you a reminder of what you 've done . '' 
 light seeped under the edges of michael 's hand , and my arm shook with enough force to rock me on my feet . 
 it was like someone dragging a red hot piece of metal across my skin . 
 i gritted my teeth and refused to cry out , but the pain was so intense it made my eyes water . 
 i was at the point where i thought i might pass out when michael loosened his grip . 
 the light subsided , and when he removed his hand an intricate celtic cross scarred my skin . 
 `` when the burnt skin falls away it will be black . 
 a permanent reminder of your never ending existence and torment . 
 whether you like it or not , you 're still connected to heaven , and this will forever remind you of what you had , and what you 've left behind . '' 
 `` i know what i 've left behind . '' 
 i clenched my fist and it sent a sharp pain shooting up my arm . 
 `` while you 've been down here feeling sorry for yourself and regretting what you 've done , grace has been up there pining over you . '' 
 `` is she all right ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 michael shook his head . 
 `` you ripped her heart to shreds and scattered the pieces across the universe . 
 so no , she 's not . '' 
 i rubbed my face and wiped the blood from my eyes . 
 apart from my new tattoo , most of my wounds were already healing , but there were a few that would take a bit longer . 
 michael had really given me a beating . 
 `` why are you telling me this ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` the council sent me to strip you , but i do n't think you deserve to be sent to oblivion . '' 
 `` strip me ? 
 how ? '' 
 `` your ring . 
 take it off and you lose your wings . 
 smear the stone with your blood and your soul will be imprisoned for eternity . 
 at least until i decide to release you , or destroy you . '' 
 `` destroy me ? 
 angels ca n't die . '' 
 `` that 's what the council would have you believe , '' michael said . 
 `` i do n't suppose you 're going to tell me how you 'd do that ? '' 
 michael 's shoulders shook as he laughed . 
 `` not a chance in hell . '' 
 i sniggered and narrowed my eyes . 
 i had time , and i 'd get the answer some day . 
 `` why are you letting me go ? 
 wo n't you get in trouble ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i can sweet-talk the council . 
 besides , every time you look at that tattoo , you 'll remember who you defied and what you left behind . 
 being on earth marked with a permanent reminder of what you did is a far better punishment . '' 
 when michael put it that way , suddenly oblivion seemed like the better option . 
 `` eternity , huh ? '' 
 i spun the ring on my finger and stared at the black stone . 
 `` would i know what was happening ? '' 
 `` your soul would suffer a constant feeling of loss and hopelessness . '' 
 `` well , '' i scoffed , `` that would n't be much different to how i feel right now . '' 
 `` there is one difference , '' michael said . 
 `` you would n't feel pain . '' 
 `` no pain . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` then maybe i should do it myself . '' 
 i slowly slid the ring down my finger to the first knuckle . 
 michael shook his head . 
 `` it would n't make a difference . 
 all you 'd do is strip yourself . 
 you ca n't imprison your soul in your own ring . '' 
 `` then do it ! '' 
 i thrust my hand at michael . 
 `` no , i do n't think i will . '' 
 he folded his arms over his chest . 
 `` like i said , this is far better . 
 and i 'll have fun watching . '' 
 `` where are we anyway ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` in a little australian country town called hopetown valley . 
 grace will be here soon , too . '' 
 my fists clenched . 
 `` what ! 
 i did this to get away from her . 
 and now you 're telling me she 'll be here soon . 
 how long ? '' 
 `` we both know time moves differently down here . 
 minutes in heaven -- or hell -- are potentially years on earth . 
 time is irrelevant to us . '' 
 `` how . 
 long ! '' 
 i shoved michael . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` you know how it works . 
 information is sacred . 
 we 're only told what we need to know . '' 
 `` please , do n't hold out on me . 
 i have to know . '' 
 `` the council is going to send her on an indefinite mission . 
 that 's all i can say . 
 it 's bad enough i 've brought you here . 
 the rest is up to you . '' 
 michael offered me his hand . 
 i found it hard to believe after all we 'd been through he still wanted to try and part on good terms . 
 i was n't as willing . 
 `` no . 
 we 're not friends , michael . 
 we never have been , '' i said . 
 he lowered his hand . 
 `` i 'll see you around . 
 you know this is far from over . '' 
 i knew . 
 i waited until michael disappeared into the trees before taking my eyes off his back and getting a good look at my surroundings . 
 i could n't stay . 
 if grace was going to show up soon , i did n't want to be there when she did . 
 finding her was something i wanted to do on my own terms , not michael 's . 
 one day i would find grace , and i 'd torture myself over her until it almost killed me , because that was what i deserved . 
 i should never have done what i did , but i 'd made my bed , and i 'd lie in it until the end . 
 part two -- grace seven one minute i was grabbing for him , the next he was gone . 
 seth had just renounced his god , and i was completely alone . 
 i hovered in the darkness , my wings beating gently , and i stared at the diamond that lay in my palm . 
 what did it mean ? 
 he 'd shed a tear for me . 
 he was obviously upset , but why did he leave ? 
 my fingers curled around the diamond and i closed my hand into a tight fist . 
 my body shook and i sobbed loudly . 
 tears filled my eyes and the stars blurred , forming streaks of light across the darkness . 
 how could i go home without him ? 
 i wrapped my arms around myself and tried to hold it together . 
 my heart was breaking into a thousand tiny pieces , and i was scared they would spill from my chest and scatter across the galaxy . 
 suddenly , i was nothing but a tiny speck in an enormous void of space , surrounded by sadness . 
 i needed to know where he 'd gone , but i did n't know where to start looking . 
 i had to return home . 
 i wiped the tears from my eyes and searched the darkness of the outer realm until i pinpointed the re-entry star . 
 i flew towards it with heavy wings . 
 it swallowed me and i was once again floating on cloud dust . 
 when i re-entered the departure level , i fell to my knees . 
 the dust billowed around me and engulfed me in whiteness . 
 i vaguely heard a voice speaking , but it seemed so far away . 
 it was n't until daniel lifted me from the floor that i heard what he was saying . 
 `` what happened , grace ? '' 
 his strong arms held me and i leant against his chest . 
 all i could do was shake my head . 
 i could n't speak ; i had no words to express my feeling of loss . 
 daniel began to run . 
 through blurry eyes i watched over his shoulder as he left a trail through the cloud dust . 
 it looked pretty , the way it floated in the air then settled back into place . 
 he raced up the spiral staircase then orbed on the run . 
 we landed in the centre of the cloud field . 
 daniel gently set me on my feet but kept a firm hold around my waist . 
 i was grateful because if he 'd let go i 'd have crumpled to the floor . 
 from beside me i heard angelica 's voice amidst several others , and then i could n't breathe . 
 there were too many angels around me , closing in and suffocating me . 
 i bowed my head and covered my face with my hands . 
 a tirade of comments and questions passed between the angels . 
 what happened ? 
 where 's seth ? 
 why did n't he come home with you ? 
 it was too much . 
 all my anger and pain bubbled inside me . 
 it rose up and threatened to unleash itself . 
 but i did n't let it break through ; i would n't . 
 instead , i suppressed it and withdrew inside myself where it was quiet and no one could touch me . 
 the floor beneath my feet shook , and the angels around me scattered . 
 `` leave her alone , '' michael boomed across the field . 
 when the cloud dust settled i raised my head and watched him walk over to daniel and i. his brow creased into a frown . 
 i probed his mind for answers , but because michael was an archangel i did n't get much . 
 his guard was a lot stronger than mine . 
 although , there was one thing i saw that slashed my already broken heart to ribbons . 
 `` you knew , '' i whispered . 
 we stood in silence for only a few moments , but it seemed like an infinite amount of time . 
 `` you knew ! '' 
 i shouted this time . 
 i broke free of daniel 's grasp and hit michael in the chest with all the force i could muster . 
 `` why did you let him do this ? 
 how could you let him leave ? 
 why ? '' 
 i pounded my fists on his chest until they were sore . 
 michael stood and took everything i dished out . 
 he did n't move and his expression did n't waver . 
 when my energy waned he gently held my wrists to make me stop . 
 i looked up into his milk chocolate eyes and i could n't hold it in any longer . 
 all the pain and hurt came rushing out of my mouth in a cry so guttural i feared my soul would pour out with it . 
 `` it was his decision , grace . 
 believe me when i say i tried to stop him , '' michael said . 
 `` well , you did n't try hard enough . '' 
 i took a deep breath and my whole body shook . 
 `` i 'll never forgive him for this . 
 never . '' 
 `` forgiveness is the first step to healing . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` he 's my best friend , and he left with no explanation . 
 he does n't deserve my forgiveness . '' 
 the faces of thousands of angels stared at me in sympathy . 
 angelica came over and took my hand . 
 she 'd never gotten along very well with seth , but they had tolerated each other because of me . 
 she pursed her lips into a forced smile and squeezed my hand . 
 in time you 'll forget the pain , she said . 
 you 're better off without him . 
 he obviously did n't care enough about you to stay , and he was n't a true servant of god . 
 how can you say that ? 
 he 's my best friend , and i do n't think i 'll ever forget the pain . 
 i slipped my hand from hers and walked away , focussing on the cloud field gates . 
 he was your best friend , angelica shot back . 
 i ignored her . 
 all i wanted was to get away from the stares and sympathetic expressions . 
 i needed space and time to grieve . 
 actually , i needed my best friend back , but there was no returning from where seth had gone . 
 everything happens for a reason , angelica said . 
 some things should n't happen , i replied . 
 `` just leave her be , '' michael said . 
 when i reached the gate i brushed it with my fingers and it opened silently for me . 
 the cloud dust stirred and i leant down to run my fingers through it , concentrating on its texture to distract myself . 
 it was like warm mist , but it was n't wet . 
 i let my feet carry me wherever they wanted . 
 my heart twinged as i remembered how seth used to walk everywhere . 
 i 'd always thought it was a waste of time . 
 why walk when you could orb or fly and be where you wanted to be in seconds ? 
 i was beginning to understand the walking . 
 there was more time to take everything in , like the way the brilliance of heaven danced around me as i passed through it . 
 for the first time i took a good look at my surroundings . 
 i 'd always taken my place in heaven for granted , and i realised there were so many things i 'd been taking for granted : the other angels around me , my friends , my family , my place in the scheme of things . 
 we are often unaware of what we have until it 's taken away from us . 
 in heaven we all lived in unison , but there were places to go if we wanted to be alone . 
 my feet carried me to the lowest level -- the reflection level . 
 it was there that i stayed for an indefinable amount of time . 
 in heaven time passed differently . 
 it was as if there was no time . 
 i lay on my stomach and coaxed the clouds apart with my hands . 
 but no matter how hard i tried , i could n't find him . 
 i believed seth either no longer existed , or he was somewhere i could n't see . 
 even though he 'd hurt me , i prayed he was safe , knowing my prayer would go unanswered . 
 why would my father watch over one of the fallen ? 
 i rolled onto my back and stretched my arms out from my sides . 
 slowly , i moved them back and forth . 
 the feeling of the soft mist against my skin calmed me , and i closed my eyes . 
 when i opened them , angelica stood over me . 
 i stared up into her pale denim eyes . 
 she did n't say anything ; she just lay down beside me and began to move her own arms in time with mine . 
 `` feels nice , does n't it , '' i said after a while . 
 `` i 've never done this before , '' angelica replied . 
 `` i love running my hands through the cloud dust . '' 
 `` hmm , i think i 'll have to do it more often . '' 
 we made cloud dust angels until our arms grew tired . 
 eventually i sat up , drew my knees to my chest , and wrapped my wings around my shoulders . 
 `` i have n't been able to find him , '' i said . 
 angelica sat up as well and faced me . 
 her wings shivered and the way the light played on their pearly surface mesmerised me . 
 `` i do n't think you 'll be able to , '' she said . 
 `` we ca n't see the fallen from here . '' 
 `` i need to know where he is , '' i whispered . 
 `` to see him with my own eyes . '' 
 `` you need to forget about him . 
 he left and there 's nothing you can do . '' 
 angelica hesitated . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i know it 's harsh , but you have to forget about him , grace . 
 if he cared about you he would never have left . 
 by leaving he 's shown you he does n't care one damn bit . 
 he never cared about you . 
 if he did , he 'd have stayed . 
 no angel would give up their place in heaven if they were n't evil . '' 
 `` he 's not evil , '' i said . 
 `` you do n't know him like i do . '' 
 `` did you know him well enough to see he 'd do this ? 
 that he 'd leave his best friend ? 
 no , grace , you 're wrong . '' 
 angelica shook her head . 
 `` he is evil , and the sooner you lock him out of your heart , the better . '' 
 `` i just ... i do n't understand , '' i whispered . 
 `` come on , everyone 's been waiting for you to come back to the cloud field . 
 you 've been gone so long . '' 
 `` maybe i need another mission to take my mind off things . '' 
 `` i think that 's a great idea . '' 
 angelica got to her feet and stretched her hand down to me . 
 i grabbed it and she pulled me up . 
 `` hopefully , if you come back with me , the council will give you one . 
 but you have to promise me one thing . 
 when you walk through that gate up there you leave all this behind . 
 you have to forget about seth . '' 
 could i do that ? 
 i was n't sure if i could forget my best friend and what he did to me ; it hurt too much . 
 how do you forget pain that intense ? 
 how do you block it out so it does n't exist ? 
 but if i wanted to get myself back on track , i would have to do it . 
 i 'd have to suppress everything and get on with my duties . 
 i had to convince myself seth was completely gone . 
 he was dead to me . 
 there was no other way . 
 `` i promise , '' i said . 
 at least keeping promises was something i was good at . 
 eight thousands of angels orbed and walked around the various levels of heaven on their way to whatever mission or duty they needed to perform . 
 angelica walked with me back to the cloud field gates . 
 she never questioned why i wanted to walk , and it was nice to have someone to walk with . 
 i regretted not walking with seth more , but quickly squashed the thought down into the depths of my heart where i 'd locked away all the pain . 
 the gate shimmered as i neared . 
 i heard it whisper a welcome before i stroked it with my fingers and it opened . 
 my re-entrance to the field was a little unnerving . 
 so many faces stared at me . 
 i should have been at ease amongst my friends and family , but when you 've had the angel 's equivalent of a nervous breakdown , you become a little more sceptical . 
 everyone smiled and nodded as i passed them , then went back to whatever conversations they 'd been engrossed in . 
 angelica stayed by my side until i found my usual place . 
 i stared at the patch of cloud dust that looked like every other part of the field , but at the same time it did n't . 
 with seth gone i could n't sit there . 
 that spot had heard many conversations and watched our friendship grow over time . 
 but everything had changed . 
 i walked a little further before settling down . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 angelica asked . 
 `` just peachy , '' i replied . 
 angelica raised her eyebrows . 
 `` and you have no idea how grateful i 'll be when i see michael . '' 
 i never thought i 'd want to see the archangel again -- he knew what seth had planned to do , and he did n't stop him -- but he was my ticket out and back to earth . 
 if i was n't summoned , i was n't going anywhere in a hurry . 
 he must have heard me and was playing games , because he took his time coming . 
 with every passing moment i grew more and more frustrated , until i got to my feet and went to the centre of the field . 
 `` michael , '' i called . 
 the other angels stopped what they were doing to watch , but i did n't care . 
 i held my arms away from my sides and tilted my head back . 
 `` michael ! '' 
 i yelled this time . 
 `` i 'm ready . 
 would you get your butt down here ? '' 
 the cloud dust in front of me exploded and it funnelled upwards like a water spout . 
 it settled back into place and michael stared at me , his arms folded over his chest . 
 `` do you ever grow tired of showing up like that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he laughed . 
 `` no way . 
 it 's fun , and you 'd expect nothing less . '' 
 that was true . 
 the day michael did n't explode cloud dust i 'd be surprised . 
 `` are you here because i called you , or because they need me ? '' 
 `` that depends which answer you want . '' 
 i stared at michael and furrowed my brow . 
 `` i think you know which answer i want . 
 i have to get out of here . 
 i need another mission . '' 
 i 'm not sure if that 's a good idea . 
 michael relaxed his arms to his sides . 
 walk with me . 
 i fell into step beside michael and he took us away from the other angels to a part of the field that was quiet . 
 he dipped his hand in the cloud dust and moulded it until there were two forms resembling chairs . 
 he gestured for me to sit before lowering himself to his seat . 
 michael hitched his white pants and rested his elbows on his knees . 
 his hands hung loosely clasped between them . 
 i sighed . 
 `` come on , out with it . '' 
 `` the council have summoned you , but i 'm not entirely sure if it 's for a normal mission , i do n't want you to get your hopes up , '' he said . 
 `` they seem to think you 're rather fragile . '' 
 `` can you blame me ? 
 i 've lost my best friend . '' 
 `` seth is not the first angel to fall . '' 
 `` but he 's the first that should n't have . 
 he is good , and kind . 
 i know he is . 
 what reason could he possibly have for doing what he did ? '' 
 michael hesitated . 
 `` i ca n't answer that . '' 
 `` well , i ca n't stay here . 
 it 's killing me , '' i said . 
 `` i need a distraction . '' 
 i met michael 's friendly , brown eyes and wished he was n't so nice . 
 i was still angry with him for not telling me about seth 's intentions . 
 `` why did n't you tell me what he was planning to do ? 
 you should have stopped him . '' 
 `` it was n't my place to tell , grace . 
 you should know our word is solid and means a great deal . 
 i gave seth my word . 
 and yes , i could have stopped him , but he made a decision and i actually respect it . '' 
 i closed my eyes and rubbed them with the heels of my hands . 
 `` you know i 'm mad at you , do n't you ? '' 
 `` i know , but i also know you 'll forgive me . '' 
 michael stood and offered me his hand . 
 i took it . 
 he gently pulled me to my feet and embraced me in a brotherly hug . 
 `` whatever you decide , grace , make sure your decisions are true to what you believe to be right . 
 now go . 
 the council is waiting . '' 
 i left the cloud field and turned michael 's words over in my mind . 
 i always tried to do what was right . 
 i hoped it would be enough . 
 the journey to the council 's chamber was peaceful , and i could n't remember the last time i 'd actually walked there . 
 usually , i orbed myself straight to the door . 
 i watched the staircase disappear into the clouds behind me as i climbed each step . 
 i marvelled at the feeling of wading through the waist-high dust to get to the chamber door . 
 my palm tingled with warmth when i pressed it to the marble slab . 
 it slid open silently and i went straight to the centre of the room where i waited for the council to speak . 
 it seemed like they took forever . 
 `` grace , '' they finally said . 
 their combined voice resonated around the chamber . 
 `` what are we to do with you ? 
 are you ready to return to full service ? '' 
 `` i will go wherever you want me to go . '' 
 `` did your time on the lower level help you recover from your situation ? '' 
 the council asked . 
 i hesitated . 
 `` i do n't think i 'll ever fully recover . 
 but i think time away will help me forget . '' 
 the chamber fell silent . 
 i wrung my hands together , waiting in anticipation for them to speak again . 
 `` we 've been watching you over the past couple of centuries , and it is evident to us that you would probably do more good by serving on another mission . '' 
 `` thank you ! '' 
 i exclaimed . 
 `` please , let us finish . '' 
 i mumbled sorry under my breath and waited for them to continue . 
 `` this mission is not one to enter into lightly . 
 you must understand it is a great commitment that requires your complete devotion . '' 
 i did n't quite understand why they 'd said that . 
 every mission i 'd ever been on required my complete devotion ; that 's what it was all about . 
 the clouds parted and the floor of the chamber opened up . 
 it revealed the image of a young woman and her husband seated at a table . 
 the woman rose and placed a hand on her pregnant belly . 
 a sense of déjà vu washed over me . 
 another pregnant woman , i thought . 
 `` am i saving her or the baby this time ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` neither , '' the council said . 
 i was confused . 
 `` her husband then ? '' 
 i waited for the silence to be filled with the council 's answer . 
 `` this couple are the first in what we hope will be a long lineage . 
 the woman is carrying twins who will be born to serve a very specific purpose . '' 
 `` so , i am saving the babies ? '' 
 `` grace , '' the council sighed , and it sounded like a collection of different pitched voices . 
 a mound in the cloud dust formed beside me . 
 `` sit . 
 and just listen . '' 
 i sat . 
 `` the situation in australia is becoming dire , '' the council continued . 
 my ears pricked at the mention of a country other than england . 
 this was going to be good . 
 `` and we need to set something in place to alleviate it . 
 the birth of these twins is vital in the fight against evil , and their role is important . 
 the boy will be born first . 
 he is the hunter . 
 he is human but stronger , faster , and more agile -- built specifically to fight the ultimate creature of evil . 
 the vampire . '' 
 `` you 're creating a vampire hunter ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` the girl , '' the council went on , ignoring my question , `` is the protector . 
 she will also hunt , but her main duty is to protect her brother . 
 we already have some teams like this stationed at various places around the world . 
 one particular linage in england is still alive and strong , thanks to the efforts of your last mission . 
 but a need has arisen for another location to be protected . 
 hopetown valley is under vampire attack . 
 the creatures are moving from the cities into the country areas in search of more secluded feeding grounds . '' 
 `` the twins seth and i saved grew up to be vampire hunters ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` but i do n't understand . 
 what part will i play in this if i do n't need to ensure the safety of these unborn children ? '' 
 `` you will be one of these children . '' 
 i needed to sit down , but i was already sitting down . 
 the silence in the chamber was thick . 
 i tried to let the council 's last words sink in , but they bounced off me and spiralled out of control around the circular room . 
 `` um , can you repeat that , please ? '' 
 i eventually said . 
 `` the children you saved on your last mission : one was a protection angel -- like you will be -- and the other was a hunter . 
 the man sitting at that table is distantly related to william . '' 
 the face of the baby boy seth and i saved came to the front of my mind . 
 i watched the man in the image below me and tried to see if there was any resemblance . 
 he smiled at his wife as she set a cup on the table in front of him . 
 he pulled her onto his lap and gave her an affectionate cuddle , kissing her belly . 
 i still could n't quite fathom what the council was asking of me . 
 `` we 've specifically chosen this couple to be your parents . 
 their names are john and sophia tate . 
 they know what is expected of them , and that you will be special . 
 you will be born into this generation of hunters , to grow alongside your brother and keep him true to his path . 
 you will protect him until he is ready to be trained , and you will keep protecting him until it is time to be born into the next generation . '' 
 again i had to let the information sink in . 
 i 'd never in my existence been asked to undertake a mission as complicated as this . 
 usually we went to earth , saved someone important or prevented a tragedy , then came home . 
 this was something different entirely : an indefinite mission . 
 the council said there were already other protection angels out there . 
 it was possible . 
 there were so many of us there was no way i could know all the angels that lived in heaven , or all those currently serving on earth . 
 `` i 'm not sure i fully understand how this will work . 
 i 'll be re-born , over and over ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` why ? 
 why not stay and protect each son when he 's born ? '' 
 the council sighed . 
 `` you need to form a bond with each generation , and we feel the best way to do that is in utero . 
 you will be completely in tune with each other ; thinking and acting together when needed . '' 
 `` but what about the down time ? 
 our younger years , and the time we need to train ? '' 
 i had so many questions the council would not be happy about . 
 the air in the room tightened with their frustration , but if they wanted me to do this , i needed to know the details . 
 `` grace , we 've never known an angel to ask as many questions as you . '' 
 `` how do you get any answers if you do n't ask questions ? '' 
 i said . 
 the council remained silent for a few moments before continuing . 
 `` very well . 
 your parents will continue the fight while you are young and in training ; specifically your father . 
 he is the one that keeps the lineage going . 
 your mother will learn skills as your father trains your new brother , but her main role is to nurture you both in your younger years . '' 
 `` um , so basically my brother will become my dad ? 
 that 's just weird . 
 and yucky . '' 
 another collective sigh . 
 `` your soul is divine . 
 you are not related to them by blood . '' 
 `` it 's still yucky , '' i mumbled . 
 `` is there anything else you would like to know before you leave ? '' 
 the council asked . 
 `` yes , one more question . 
 what happens to me when it 's time to be born again ? 
 do i just vanish into thin air ? 
 wo n't people ask questions ? '' 
 `` each generation will be treated differently and dealt with when the time comes . 
 you will know when it 's time to move on . '' 
 `` will i know what 's happening ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` when i 'm ... born . '' 
 `` what happened to one more question ? '' 
 the council made a noise that i could only describe as chuckling . 
 `` you will know everything from the moment you are inside your mother . 
 you need to in order to do your job . '' 
 `` ok , ok , ok , '' i breathed . 
 `` this is really weird . 
 you want me to become a baby then grow up beside a human who will be my twin brother and protect him while we fight vampires ? 
 then i 'll die and be re-born to do it all over again ? 
 several times . '' 
 the council remained silent . 
 i stood and ran my hands through my hair . 
 the couple below me continued to smile and laugh happily with each other . 
 it would be strange , being inside someone 's belly , then going through childhood and actually growing as a human would do . 
 angels are n't born ; we are created , and i do n't remember my creation . 
 i just remember being there and receiving my creation ring . 
 `` will i keep my powers ? '' 
 `` you will be able to do everything you can do now . 
 it will be the same as every other time you 've been sent to earth , '' the council replied . 
 `` how long is this mission ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` the determined amount of time is indefinite . 
 you will serve until such time as we see fit . 
 or a time when you are no longer needed to carry out your duty . '' 
 `` then it 's pretty much forever ? '' 
 `` we are not asking for you to agree , grace . 
 we are asking you to comply , '' the council said . 
 `` yeah , i know . 
 what you say goes . '' 
 i watched the cloud dust float over the image of the couple until they were completely obscured . 
 `` when do i leave ? 
 can i say goodbye to everyone ? '' 
 the marble door appeared in the wall of the chamber and i took it as my answer . 
 what would i say to my friends , to all the angels that had been my family for so many years ? 
 i 'd been selfish in my grief over the loss of seth ; he 'd been their friend and brother , too . 
 they 'd lost him as well , and now they would lose me . 
 maybe not in quite the same way , but i did n't know when i 'd be back . 
 i might never come back . 
 my body went numb as my feet carried me to the chamber door . 
 it slid open at my touch and i stepped across the threshold . 
 the council spoke one last time , their voice echoing off the chamber walls . 
 `` good luck , grace . 
 we 'll see you in your dreams . '' 
 nine the silence was eerie as i entered the cloud field . 
 it was as if everyone knew i had news , and they were holding their breaths waiting for me to speak . 
 how was i going to tell them i was leaving ? 
 thankfully , before i had to , michael made one of his showy entrances . 
 he held my gaze with his serious brown eyes . 
 there was something in his stare that unsettled me . 
 i gently probed his mind for an answer . 
 surprisingly , he let me in -- but only so far . 
 no details , grace . 
 just know he is n't in hell . 
 for now , that would have to be enough . 
 why did he do it ? 
 i asked . 
 you know , do n't you ? 
 as much as i want to , i ca n't tell you . 
 michael blinked . 
 he shoved me out of his mind , startling me . 
 `` i 'll never forgive him . '' 
 `` never is a long time , '' michael said . 
 angelica floated over and laid a gentle hand on my arm . 
 `` you 're going on another mission , are n't you ? '' 
 `` i have to ; everything here reminds me of him . 
 leaving is the only way i 'll be able to forget , '' i said . 
 `` and i do n't know how long i 'll be gone . '' 
 `` yes , but unlike seth , you 'll come back eventually , '' angelica said . 
 `` he 's a traitor and a coward , and i hope he gets what he deserves . '' 
 i frowned at her . 
 `` if this is your way of helping me forget about him , it 's not working . '' 
 `` grace , i -- '' `` no . 
 do n't keep talking , angelica . 
 for once just keep your mouth shut . '' 
 the angels surrounded me , offering hugs and words of encouragement . 
 angelica got pushed to the outer edge but moved with us as the crowd swept me along to the earth-bound gate . 
 i 'd lost sight of michael and when i finally managed to look back at him , he stood in the middle of the field with his arms folded . 
 goodbye , i said . 
 thanks for being a great arch , even if you are annoying . 
 this is n't goodbye , grace . 
 we 'll see each other again . 
 just make sure you 're prepared for anything . 
 always pack my toothbrush ? 
 i giggled . 
 something like that , yes . 
 michael smiled and it filled the field with light . 
 it was the last thing i saw before the gate closed and i had nowhere else to go but the departure pad . 
 ten daniel smiled warmly when i approached the departure desk . 
 `` you know , i think i 've lost count of how many times i 've sent you down to earth , '' he said . 
 `` really ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` because i can remember every single one of my missions . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i was only joking . '' 
 daniel 's expression grew serious . 
 he stared at me for a long time . 
 finally , he spoke again . 
 `` this is the first time on your own , though . '' 
 `` i guess it is . 
 i had n't really thought about it . '' 
 i stared at my hands and fiddled with my ring . 
 why did daniel have to point out that seth was n't with me ? 
 sadness overwhelmed me , and for a moment all i wanted was to sink into the surrounding mist and disappear . 
 i wanted it to swallow me up and encase me in warmth , to shut everything else out . 
 `` i 'm going to miss you , '' daniel said . 
 i looked up into his open face and struggled to hold back the tears that threatened to spill onto my cheeks . 
 `` we 'll see each other again . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 he handed me the clipboard . 
 `` i just get all mushy when an angel is sent on an indefinite . '' 
 i signed the sheet and handed the clipboard back to daniel . 
 he set it on the desk then came around to join me on the other side . 
 `` it 's going to be different this time . 
 you wo n't really land anywhere , '' he said . 
 i took a deep breath and let it out slowly . 
 the dust on the departure pad began to swirl ; that was my cue . 
 my stomach tightened with nerves and i wrung my hands together . 
 `` thanks , for everything , '' i said . 
 daniel gave me an awkward hug and patted me on the back . 
 `` this is n't goodbye . 
 you 'll return someday , and i 'll still be here . '' 
 the comfort from daniel 's embrace lingered around me as i stepped onto the departure pad . 
 i turned to face him , smiled , and gave a small wave . 
 `` you 'll be fine , grace . 
 i have n't seen you fail a mission yet . '' 
 daniel 's reassuring voice was the last thing i heard as everything turned white . 
 eleven 1874 when i opened my eyes i was greeted by darkness . 
 my body floated inside a warm bubble , and the steady rhythm of a heartbeat pulsed around me . 
 i heard the sound of muffled voices . 
 when i reached out my hands i touched someone . 
 instantly , i realised it was my brother . 
 a thin membrane separated us , but i could still feel his emotions and hear his thoughts . 
 do n't be scared , i said . 
 i 'm here to protect you . 
 there was a squeeze . 
 gentle pressure pushed our bodies closer , and for a moment we jostled for position in the cramped space . 
 someone cried out in pain . 
 here we go , i said . 
 it 's your turn first . 
 i 'll meet you on the other side . 
 twelve 1889 first incarnation -- fifteen years old the horses brayed and tossed their heads as my father adjusted the buggy pole . 
 it was my favourite day of the week . 
 mother and father were going into town for supplies , and that meant my brother and i had the whole day to do as we pleased . 
 `` i trust you two will stay out of trouble , '' father said . 
 my brother , samuel , grunted in reply from his seat on the cottage steps . 
 `` of course they will , '' mother said . 
 `` they never get into any trouble they ca n't handle . '' 
 she winked at me and ruffled samuel 's hair on her way past . 
 `` we 'll see you later this afternoon . '' 
 father held mother 's hand and helped her into the buggy . 
 he flicked the reins and the horses pulled them off down the long drive . 
 i walked away from the house to the centre of the clearing and turned my face to the sun . 
 samuel came to stand with me and we went through our little ritual , like we did every town day . 
 we stood back to back . 
 at six-foot-two , he was an entire foot taller than me , so the back of my head fit comfortably into the curve of his neck . 
 we entwined our fingers and i closed my eyes . 
 slowly , we raised our arms out to the side and samuel bent forward . 
 i leant back into him and waited for the exact moment to flick my legs into the air . 
 once i was up , i balanced on his back for a few minutes . 
 it was an odd ritual , but it reinforced our trust in each other . 
 i trusted samuel completely . 
 for fifteen years i 'd protected him , shadowed him wherever he went . 
 we shared an unbreakable bond , even if we had a funny way of showing it . 
 a sound in the forest startled me and i fell . 
 before i hit the ground i orbed and landed on my feet in front of samuel . 
 he stumbled forward but managed to stop himself crashing into me . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 i whipped my head around in an attempt to find out where the sound had come from . 
 `` someone is in the forest . '' 
 `` i do n't see anyone , '' samuel said . 
 something flashed through the trees . 
 it was almost white and gleamed in the dull forest light . 
 i focused on it and orbed . 
 when i landed all i saw was a cloud of dissipating black mist . 
 `` grace , what 's going on ? '' 
 samuel joined me amongst the trees . 
 `` there was someone right here , '' i said . 
 `` i think maybe you 're -- '' i saw the flash again and orbed before samuel could finish his sentence . 
 `` crazy , '' i mumbled to myself when i landed . 
 the mist i 'd seen the first time swirled in front of me before dissipating into nothing . 
 i was a bit baffled . 
 i 'd never seen someone disappear in a cloud of mist before . 
 i 'd seen plenty of vampires explode into dust , but never black mist . 
 i walked back to the clearing where samuel sat on the grass waiting . 
 `` are you finished being crazy ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i flopped down across from him and picked at a tuft of grass . 
 `` i think someone is watching us , '' i whispered . 
 `` you know how careful we have to be . '' 
 `` i know , '' samuel sighed . 
 then he used our twin connection and spoke in my head . 
 are you going to launch into your `` we 're here to save the world '' speech again ? 
 i pursed my lips , and brushed the dirt and bits of grass from my hands . 
 `` this is serious , '' i hissed , smacking him on the arm . 
 no one can know what we do . 
 and if there is someone watching us , it ca n't be good . 
 samuel leant back on his hands and stretched his legs out beside me . 
 `` do n't worry about it ; we 're vampire hunters , who could possibly be watching us that we ca n't handle ? '' 
 `` shhh ! '' 
 i smacked him again . 
 `` keep your voice down . 
 we do n't know who 's out there . '' 
 well , it 's not a vamp ; it 's the middle of the day , samuel said silently . 
 then he froze . 
 his eyes searched for something over my head and he furrowed his brow . 
 do n't look , he said before i had the chance to turn around . 
 i 'll show you . 
 just pretend we 're still talking . 
 i stalled ; then started talking a little too eagerly . 
 `` what do you want to do today ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i chattered about anything i could think of while samuel showed me what he was looking at . 
 all he had to do was hold the image in his mind and i could go in and take a peek . 
 you 're right , samuel said . 
 someone is watching us . 
 a figure stood in the forest beneath the shadow of the trees . 
 it stepped forward and my breath caught in my throat . 
 i had to force myself to keep talking . 
 samuel was responding but i did n't hear the words coming from his mouth . 
 his mind held the image of a face i had n't seen in a long time . 
 a face i 'd struggled to push out of my thoughts and my heart . 
 after all the time that had passed , he had n't changed . 
 his eyes still wore the same hardened and pained expression they 'd held when i 'd last looked into them . 
 `` seth , '' i breathed . 
 but when i turned to look , he was gone . 
 thirteen 1947 third incarnation -- twenty years old the vampire growled and lunged at me . 
 i orbed and landed behind him , then staked him in the back before he had the chance to figure out where i 'd gone . 
 my brother , robert , had lost his stake and was fighting another vamp hand to hand . 
 she 'd been pretty , but robert could pack a mean punch and her face was bleeding too much to be sexy . 
 unfortunately , punching a vampire would n't kill it . 
 i orbed again and drove my stake into her back . 
 she fell to the forest floor in a heap of dust and i faced my brother . 
 `` you make it look so easy , '' robert said . 
 he bent and put his hands on his knees to catch his breath . 
 `` you would , too , if you could orb . '' 
 `` yes , quite an unfair advantage . '' 
 robert straightened up and followed me deeper into the forest . 
 we were on our nightly hunt and only just getting started . 
 i was hoping we would n't be too busy . 
 there was something i needed to talk to robert about , but it was n't going to be easy . 
 i 'd been by his side for twenty years , and it was almost time for the next generation to come through . 
 the first two times i had to have the talk with my brother , we 'd been a few years older . 
 this time it had come earlier than i 'd expected . 
 robert had a girlfriend he 'd been with for almost a year . 
 he did n't know she 'd been selected by the council to be the next tate wife . 
 when the council gave clearance , i had one , maybe two , years before it was time to start again . 
 we walked for a while with nothing but the forest sounds for company . 
 the night was clear and the stars flickered through the canopy above . 
 i was about to say something when i sensed someone in the forest . 
 robert did as well and we both stopped to listen . 
 after a few moments i sighed and cursed under my breath . 
 `` would you just come out , '' i called into the darkness . 
 `` we know you 're there . '' 
 a shadow emerged from the trees . 
 `` it 's a nice night for a walk . '' 
 `` what do you want , seth ? '' 
 robert asked . 
 robert did n't know anything about my history with the fallen angel that followed us around like a bad smell . 
 none of my brothers had . 
 it was n't something i wanted to talk about . 
 i just gritted my teeth , clenched my fists and took his presence like a hot poker in my eye . 
 i survived on the fact he 'd eventually go away . 
 `` just checking up on grace . '' 
 seth 's mouth curled at the corners but i did n't stick around long enough to see him smile . 
 i walked back the way we 'd come . 
 `` one day you 'll talk to me , '' seth called . 
 `` no chance , '' i yelled over my shoulder . 
 it was n't until robert had caught up to me i realised i was almost running . 
 `` hey , slow down . '' 
 he grabbed my arm . 
 `` he 's gone . '' 
 i slowed to a walk and fell into step with robert . 
 he knew not to ask questions about seth . 
 we 'd been down that steep and rocky road before , and it always ended with me yelling . 
 i could n't blame robert for wanting to know about my past , but as far as i was concerned it was none of his business . 
 `` so ... '' i eventually said . 
 `` there 's something we need to discuss . '' 
 robert chuckled . 
 `` i was wondering when you were going to start the talk . '' 
 `` you can feel it , too ? '' 
 `` i 've always known we would n't be doing this together forever -- must be something in my dna . '' 
 robert stopped and leant against a tallowwood . 
 `` yes , you 're special . 
 we both are . 
 but you already know that . '' 
 `` then tell me what i do n't know , '' he said . 
 i sat nearby on a fallen log and launched into an explanation of our expected future . 
 robert listened intently as i explained the mechanics of it all . 
 how his girlfriend , adele , had already been selected by the council . 
 that when she fell pregnant it would be time for me to leave , but we still had at least a year together . 
 `` what will happen to you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` my body will die and be buried in the family cemetery . '' 
 robert raised his eyebrows . 
 `` it 's further into the forest , but only someone with tate blood can find it . 
 it 's protected by an enchantment . '' 
 `` do you ... die the same way every time ? '' 
 `` it wo n't be violent if that 's what you 're worried about . 
 the first time i died at home . 
 then with dad , he told everyone there 'd been an accident . 
 no one asked questions . 
 hopetown valley is a small , country town -- accidents are n't uncommon . '' 
 `` and this time around ? '' 
 `` we wo n't know until it comes , '' i said . 
 `` you 'll see me again . '' 
 robert dropped his gaze and rubbed his face with his hand . 
 `` i know , but it 's still sad . 
 it 's hard to come to terms with the knowledge i 'll lose my sister soon . '' 
 `` i 'll be back . 
 you 'll be busy fighting , and before you know it , you 'll be training my next brother . '' 
 leaves rustled in the forest and i smiled . 
 `` you can come out now , dad . '' 
 robert chuckled as dad stepped out from behind a tree . 
 moonlight shone in his eyes and he shook his head . 
 `` you 're good , grace . '' 
 `` and you 're getting careless in your old age . '' 
 `` come on . '' 
 dad clapped robert on the back . 
 `` enough for tonight . 
 your grandfather is asking after you . '' 
 we headed towards home . 
 dad walked with his arm draped over robert 's shoulders . 
 the way they interacted made me smile , and my heart lurched at the thought of leaving . 
 every time it got harder , even though i knew i 'd see both of them again . 
 my skin prickled and i sensed a presence . 
 i knew seth had returned , and for the second time that night i wished he 'd leave me alone . 
 `` i 'll catch up to you in a minute , '' i said to dad and robert . 
 dad turned and scanned the trees . 
 he could sense seth as well , and his face tightened into a frown . 
 `` do n't stay out too much longer , '' he finally said `` i wo n't . '' 
 i slowed my pace until robert and dad were almost out of sight along the forest path ; then i stopped . 
 `` what is your problem ? '' 
 i said , staring into the trees . 
 seth stepped into view and folded his arms over his chest . 
 i stopped and actually looked at him . 
 he had n't changed much . 
 he still had the attitude and the swagger ; he just seemed harder around the edges somehow . 
 his almost black eyes stared me down , and there was something in them that frightened me . 
 `` nice tattoo , '' i said , dragging my eyes from his and staring at his left forearm . 
 `` battle scar . 
 i blame michael . '' 
 `` i hope it hurt . '' 
 `` why wo n't you talk to me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` why do you keep running ? '' 
 my mouth dropped open . 
 `` are you serious ? 
 i ca n't believe you 're even asking me that . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 the forest talked in whispers as a breeze wove its way through the trees . 
 my hair flicked into my eyes and i batted it away in frustration . 
 `` a long time ago i made a promise to myself that i 'd forget about you . 
 you 're dead to me . '' 
 seth flinched . 
 `` can we please talk about this ? '' 
 `` oh , now you want to talk ! 
 what 's there to talk about ? 
 you want to know why i keep running away from you ? 
 why i ca n't stand the sight of you ? '' 
 i raced towards seth and shoved him as hard as i could . 
 he stumbled backwards , tripped on a tree root and landed on his butt . 
 `` because you left -- with no explanation . 
 you ripped my heart out and you left . 
 so you do n't get the privilege of talking to me . '' 
 `` then why are you still standing here ? '' 
 seth looked up and i met his cold stare . 
 i turned and walked away , and i did n't look back . 
 fourteen 2003 sixth incarnation -- eight years old the crisp morning air hit my face as i opened the door to the shed . 
 dew sparkled on the grass in the clearing , converting it to a field of diamonds . 
 it was the best time of day , but at this early hour , archer and pa were still fast asleep . 
 for me , the morning represented a new beginning . 
 the day was yet to unfold , and i could make it whatever i wanted it to be . 
 i 'd been searching for a new beginning a lot lately . 
 this time around , everything had been harder . 
 three years ago we 'd unexpectedly lost our parents . 
 but i guess when you fight vampires for a living , there 's bound to be some casualties . 
 i had n't expected it to be mum and dad . 
 mum knew how to fight , but she was n't a fighter . 
 her job was the same in every generation : to raise us , and keep my brother grounded in this insane world . 
 even the best hunter would n't have stood a chance , and i 'm yet to find out who was responsible for their deaths . 
 one day i will , and i 'll make them pay . 
 for the first time we 'd been without our most important hunter . 
 it was also the first time dad was n't there to train my brother . 
 in less than a week , archer would begin his training . 
 pa really had his work cut out for him . 
 he was an excellent hunter , but he was n't getting any younger . 
 i walked into the forest and took the path i 'd taken so many times before . 
 i followed it until i reached a place where the bracken fern did n't grow . 
 just off the path was a nice flat rock , perfect for sitting on . 
 before i had the chance to get comfortable in one of my favourite spots , the leaves on the forest floor rustled and a boy stepped out from behind the trees . 
 his appearance shocked me into silence . 
 through each of my incarnations i 'd looked different , but the imprint of my soul never changed . 
 this time around i 'd chosen to be my true self . 
 how i was when i 'd been in heaven . 
 i had the same messy mop of wild black hair , pale ivory skin , and just a hint of rose in my cheeks . 
 instantly , i knew who the boy was even though i 'd never seen him so young . 
 he 'd always looked the same : tanned skin , blond hair and dark , menacing eyes . 
 this boy had all those features but seemed to be about my age . 
 usually angels -- fallen or otherwise -- did n't change their appearance . 
 how this boy had shed his older self baffled me . 
 i was lost for words . 
 `` finally , '' he said . 
 `` you have n't run away yet . '' 
 the young version of seth sat on the forest floor and crossed his legs . 
 he picked up a leaf and crushed it in his hand , then let the broken pieces fall from his fingers . 
 `` how ... '' i shook my head . 
 `` no . 
 i do n't want to know . 
 i 'll bet you made a deal with the devil . '' 
 seth smirked . 
 `` something like that . '' 
 `` did you sell your soul for your youth ? 
 oh wait ! 
 you 've already sold it . '' 
 seth was silent for a few minutes . 
 his dark eyes burned into me , but i refused to look away . 
 `` things will be different this time , '' he said . 
 `` i can grow up with you , instead of having to wait . 
 maybe then i can convince -- '' `` i do n't want things to be different . 
 i just want you to leave me alone . '' 
 i stood and headed for the path . 
 seth chuckled , and he sounded like his older , truer self . 
 `` i ca n't do that , grace . 
 as much as i want to , i could never leave you alone . '' 
 `` then stay out of my way , '' i said . 
 `` or what ? '' 
 he sniggered . 
 i orbed and landed behind seth , grabbed him around the neck and pulled him to his feet . 
 a ripple of shock course through me as my skin connected with his , and i realised it was the first time i 'd been this close to him since he fell . 
 anger rose inside me and i shoved him as hard as i could . 
 seth lurched forward and sprawled onto his belly , gouging the dirt and scattering leaves in every direction . 
 he rolled over and glared at me . 
 `` or i 'll make you wish you 'd never been created , '' i said . 
 seth misted , and i let out a long breath . 
 so much for my new beginning ; i had a feeling it was going to be a bad day . 
 fifteen 2003 almost a week later archer sat beside me and stared at my hand as i twirled a twig between my fingers . 
 `` you know , today 's the day , '' i said . 
 `` yeah , '' he replied , raising his head to look into my eyes . 
 `` i know . 
 i felt it coming . '' 
 the dry grass beneath me dug into my legs , and i turned my face skyward to the warmth of the midday sun . 
 tallowwood branches moved with the gentle breeze and cast dappled shadows around the edge of the clearing . 
 spring was turning to summer , and with it came the monotonous drone of the cicadas ' song . 
 the large farm shed where we lived stood on one side of the clearing . 
 its shadow offered shelter from the heat . 
 it was tempting , but we both preferred the sunshine . 
 sweat trickled down my neck and i relished the feeling . 
 i loved summer and everything about it . 
 in my opinion it should be summer all year round , something our grandfather would never agree with . 
 `` are you two gon na sit there all day baking ? '' 
 pa 's husky , but friendly voice floated across the clearing . 
 `` come and help me for a minute , would you ? '' 
 we scrambled to our feet and ran to where pa stood in the shade . 
 he held out a large cane basket filled with the day 's pickings and i grabbed it tightly by the handle . 
 `` easy there , grace , she 's heavy . '' 
 `` it 's ok , pa , i got it . '' 
 `` be sure to clean them up good before you put them away . '' 
 `` sure thing , pa , '' i said . 
 i rested the basket on my foot and waited to see what else he had for us . 
 `` now you , young fella , have the biggest responsibility . '' 
 pa got down on one knee and handed archer a smaller basket . 
 `` a good taking today -- seven in total . 
 be sure not to smash them on your way across the clearing . '' 
 `` yes , pa , '' archer said quietly . 
 he smiled up at pa 's big brown face . 
 the same hazel eyes , flecked with gold , stared lovingly back at him . 
 `` make sure you come straight back , '' pa said . 
 `` today 's the day . '' 
 we ran as fast as our loads would allow across to the shed . 
 i rested the basket on my hip and flung the door open with my free hand . 
 archer dragged a milk crate over to the makeshift sink . 
 i climbed up and busied myself washing the tomatoes and cleaning the other veggies . 
 archer took an egg carton from the old kelvinator fridge and placed his loot into the empty spaces , careful not to break any . 
 `` you know i 'm not really your sister , do n't you , arch ? '' 
 he glanced over from where he 'd sat down at the formica kitchen table . 
 his chin rested on his arm . 
 `` sure , i know . 
 i think i 've always known . '' 
 `` you know what today is , then ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i laid a tea towel on the bench and spread tomatoes across it . 
 `` yep . 
 today 's the day i begin my training . '' 
 `` things will get harder from now on , '' i said . 
 `` you 'll start to do and see things no one can know about . 
 you have to be able to keep secrets . '' 
 `` i 'm not gon na tell anyone , '' he said . 
 `` not ever . '' 
 i smiled , and my love for him glowed within me . 
 he was my reason for existing . 
 if it was n't for him , and all my brothers before him , i 'd still be in heaven looking down on everything instead of experiencing it . 
 but just like it was with every incarnation , my time with archer would n't last forever . 
 he would grow up -- we both would -- and the time would come when we 'd have to say goodbye . 
 archer followed me back to the clearing where pa was waiting . 
 pa smiled warmly and motioned for us to follow him into the forest . 
 `` grace , '' archer whispered . 
 `` who is that ? '' 
 he pointed into the trees . 
 i slipped my hand into his and gave it a gentle squeeze . 
 `` that 's no one you need to worry about , '' i said . 
 the boy in the forest stood partially obscured by the trees , but i could still see his eyes . 
 they locked onto mine as we walked past , and for a moment i let myself look at him . 
 one day , grace , seth said in my mind . 
 not any time soon , i replied . 
 we 'll see ... pa called for us to hurry up and i looked ahead to where he was standing . 
 when i glanced back at seth there was nothing but a lingering cloud of black mist where he 'd been . 
 `` i 'm scared , gracie , '' archer said , and it pulled my attention back to him . 
 `` do n't be , '' i replied . 
 i knew what was in store for archer ; i 'd done it many times before , but he was understandably nervous . 
 `` you 'll do great . '' 
 i squeezed his hand again . 
 `` and just remember , i 'll always be here to protect you . '' 
 acknowledgements this time around the journey was a little easier , and i have several people to thank for that . 
 brendon , again you have showed unwavering faith in me . 
 your support and love are my most treasured assets , thank you . 
 my wonderful children , you are the light that burns brightly in my dimly lit room . 
 you never cease to amaze me , and i find your youthful ways inspiring . 
 you have taught me how to laugh , and see the world through different eyes . 
 love you both . 
 thank you to my parents for believing in me , and encouraging me to follow my dreams . 
 and thanks , mum , for all your help with putting my commas in the right places . 
 sacrifice would n't be what it is without the help of my critique partners and readers . 
 thank you to stacey , lauren , cassandra , emily m , and sarah . 
 i appreciate the time and effort you put into critiquing sacrifice , and the valuable feedback you supplied . 
 thank you to my aussie owned and read girls : stacey , lauren , cassandra , katie , suse , sharon , and emily jm . 
 you have made me feel part of a wonderful family , and i 'm immensely grateful for your ongoing support and encouragement . 
 huge thanks to katrina for being the one to read it first . 
 again you 've let me subject you to numerous rounds of reading , and an endless number of emails . 
 i value highly everything you do for me , and i 'm grateful for your unconditional friendship and support . 
 thank you for being my alpha reader , spell checker , editor , and closest friend , all rolled into one . 
 and finally , thank you to my readers and followers for your amazing support . 
 i 've been lucky to have made some great friends along this journey . 
 to everyone who has read fall for me and loved it , this one 's for you . 
 about the author k . 
 a . 
 last was born in subiaco , western australia , and moved to sydney with her parents and older brother when she was eight . 
 artistic and creative by nature , she studied graphic design and graduated with an advanced diploma . 
 after marrying her high school sweetheart , she concentrated on her career before settling into family life . 
 blessed with a vivid imagination , she began writing to let off creative steam , and fell in love with it . 
 she now resides in a peaceful , leafy suburb north of sydney with her husband , their two children , and a rabbit named twitch . 
 you can connect with k . 
 a . 
 last by following her on twitter http://www.twitter.com/kalastbooks or by checking out her facebook page http://www.facebook.com/kalastbooks 
