 beyond the gate a short story collection by gabe sluis published by gabe sluis at smashwords first edition copyright gabe sluis 2013 this book is a work of fiction . 
 names , characters , places , and incidents either are products of the author 's imagination or are used fictitiously . 
 any resemblance to actual events or locations or persons , living or dead or undead , is entirely coincidental . 
 thank you for downloading this free ebook . 
 although this is a free book , it remains the copyrighted property of the author , and may not be reproduced , copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes . 
 if you enjoyed this book , please encourage your friends to download their own copy at smashwords.com , where they can also discover other works by this author . 
 thank you for your support . 
 i need to get a movie deal already ... this book is dedicated to holden ryan sluis . 
 i hope these stories find their way to you in your early double digits . 
 table of contents a story for enchu and the scroll read ... statues in the southern marsh chapter 20 - the lost chapter pick-up on hill 136 seven forty seven the treasure map the bronze coin the supervisor blackheart a deep dive vega 's lullaby a story for enchu enchu walked quietly along the jungle path following his brother and father . 
 they made little sound as they passed the large trees with their white trunks , wet from the morning rain . 
 the three came along to a place where the trail split . 
 the two in the lead went right . 
 `` father , '' enchu asked . 
 `` why do we not go the other way ? 
 would it not be faster ? '' 
 `` that is good you have become old enough to feel where you are in the jungle , enchu . 
 but , no . 
 we do not go that way . 
 can you not see that path has not been disturbed for many years ? '' 
 `` but why father ? '' 
 enchu passed his brother , who had paused with his father to walk beside his youngest son . 
 `` that way is death . '' 
 matchu said to his son very seriously . 
 `` we must never go down there . '' 
 enchu looked up at his father with his curious brown eyes . 
 what did his father mean ? 
 matchu knew it was time to tell his son . 
 the others had been small when it happened ; enchu not yet born . 
 `` i will tell you a story , '' he started , `` of when a stranger visited us and why we use that path no more . '' 
 `` my brother came to me and said he had seen men traveling up the river in our direction . 
 they were a few days away and had guns . 
 i hoped not to see them and began to consider going into the jungle until they passed . 
 the evening i heard this news , the stranger appeared . '' 
 `` i was working on arrows when he walked silently out of the jungle into the center of our huts . 
 i was so surprised i jumped up to grab my bow when he spoke . 
 he spoke our language like he had spoken it from a small child . 
 i put down my arrows as i listened to this tall white man with black hair speak so kindly to me . 
 he could not be the pack of men from the city downriver that my brother had sent warning of . '' 
 `` i invited him to the fire and he took off his pack . 
 we talked . 
 i do not remember what we spoke of that night , but i could see in his purple eyes that he was a friend . 
 your mother gave him food , and he played with your brother and sisters , who had never seen a white man before . 
 as it got late he stayed in the center hut with promise to say goodbye before he continued upriver in the morning . '' 
 `` the next morning the men with rifles came . 
 i came out of our hut late to the sounds the men entering our camp . 
 your mother and all my children were up . 
 i had forgot all about the white man . 
 the new men were from the city , just as your uncle had said . 
 i did not know if they were slavers or colonistas . 
 but , they demanded food and began saying bad things about your mother . 
 they asked me ` how much for her ' . 
 i was angrier than i had ever been ! 
 i went to strike one and another pointed his rifle at me . 
 he had no soul i could see in his eyes . '' 
 i walked away towards an outer hut in a panic . 
 these men could not take my wife . 
 remember that enchu , you must never let evil men harm your family ! 
 you must do anything . '' 
 matchu paused . 
 `` and so that is what i did . '' 
 `` the white man with black hair suddenly appeared as i left the center hut . 
 he motioned to me and i began to cry out silently to him . 
 when i got to his side he told me not to worry and handed me a black knife with a curved blade . 
 i will never forget that knife , as i have never seen one so well made in all my life . 
 he told me to put it sideways between the bones of the first man , right below his nipple . '' 
 `` i heard screams as the men began to leave , dragging my wife and your brother . 
 the white man was much larger than the biggest in the gang of men . 
 i thought he would try to fight them with his hands . 
 we ran together , back to the center and i grabbed the first one i could touch . 
 with a hand over his mouth i used the other to put the knife where i was shown . 
 i will never forget the hot breath that came out as the man screamed his last . '' 
 `` as we ran , the white man drew a small gun from his pack . 
 this was like no pistol i have ever seen , enchu . 
 it was black like the knife and had a long thick part coming off the end . 
 faster that i could imagine he shot two of the men several times in the chest . 
 the pistol was very quiet , much more quiet than the ones i have seen the army use in the cities . 
 it was as loud as someone clapping their hands . 
 two men fell and the third ran . 
 the white man did not run after him , but paused and shot four more times . 
 at last he fell to the ground . '' 
 `` he turned to walk back , removing part of the pistol and putting a new piece in its place . 
 he smiled and said we must get rid of the men . 
 i wanted to throw them in the river , but he would not have it . 
 i was in a panic and did not think that someone would find these men and come looking for us . 
 the white man was very smart and not excited like the rest of us . '' 
 `` so now you see , enchu , why we do not walk that way . 
 we do not walk past ghosts of men who tried to steal my family . 
 who tried to steal you while you were inside your mother . '' 
 enchu was silent . 
 he was amazed at what his father had just told him . 
 he had never known his father to be so brave as to kill a man larger than him who had a gun . 
 `` what happened to the white man ? 
 what was his name ? '' 
 `` he left . 
 went up river and we never saw him again . 
 and i can not remember his name . 
 it was hard to pronounce and quickly left my mind . '' 
 they walked along in silence again until they got to the clearing where they would continue the work on their river canoe . 
 `` that is why i am called enchu , '' he said . 
 `` it means traveler . '' 
 `` yes son , you owe your life to a nameless traveler . '' 
 and the scroll read ... chaos was one . 
 to create the universes , it split itself into three . 
 gods were born . 
 two held their full share of the chaos from which they came , creating all systems seen in nature and the will to power them . 
 the third , itself , splintered into many parts . 
 shards of that power existing , scattered among the universes . 
 small holes , running through levels of existence were made by the shard 's expanding path of travel . 
 it is these shards of power , which exalt the development and updraft of mortal life . 
 statues in the southern marsh vega sat on a log high above the swampland , legs crossed , face looking down at the water below . 
 he wore dark clothes that he had stitched himself and a flawless jade hooded cloak that matched the color of his eyes . 
 a frog jumped after a fly , making a splash somewhere in his periphery . 
 he thought about leaving his abode . 
 behind him , on a short hill in the swampy lowlands , sat the only home he had ever known . 
 his father had built the cabin from logs he had fallen with his own hands . 
 he made a winding pathway up the hill out of sharpened logs that acted as a retaining wall , so that any visitor would have to walk the switchback maze in order to reach his family . 
 and vega missed his family ; he had been alone for six months . 
 his father had become ill twice that long ago , and he deteriorated rapidly . 
 it was a strange illness , for he and his mother had no transferred effects . 
 seeming to know his fate , his father made a point to tell him many things . 
 `` the reason i caught this illness is because i am not from this place . 
 you know this , i speak your mothers tongue poorly , and you know each of ours because of it . 
 i may not last much longer , and even though you are still young , you must be prepared to take care of your self . '' 
 `` but i will always have mother ... '' vega cried , faced with his father 's death . 
 he sat at the edge of his bed and looked down on the pale man . 
 vega 's heart was broken seeing his father like this . 
 he had always been so large and solid , faster and quieter than any man he had seen , even though he could probably count them on one hand . 
 he did not think he could feel any worse , but his father proved him wrong . 
 `` you are not going to be able to depend on her , son . 
 she is a good woman and gave you life , but she is weak . 
 i saved her from herself , from her vile life back in the city . 
 without me , without the influence i held over her , causing her to walk away from her previous existence ... i can not say for certain that she will not return to it . '' 
 and that was the case . 
 they burned his father and his mother was silent for days . 
 she came to him on the third night and told him there was nothing left for her there . 
 she was going back to the city , and that he could come . 
 they could find a room and he could work , or find an apprenticeship . 
 her words were said , but vega knew better . 
 his father had pulled her from the grime . 
 she had made terrible decisions with her life just to keep herself warm at night and food in her belly . 
 most of the time she worked just to pay for another bottle of sharp liquid , like everyone else in the city . 
 the people there worked long hours at monotonous tasks , just to forget their toils by drinking them away . 
 his father had told him about city life . 
 he had never been to the great city , but he had seen it once . 
 his father took him to a hill that provided his first view . 
 it was sunset . 
 the orange light of the setting star was blotted out in a quarter of the sky by the dark aura of the stinking city . 
 smoke stacks shot clouds of burnt fuels high into the firmament , mingling with the common persons own waste smoke . 
 the city was huge and sprawling , a lump of cancer growing around the river that flowed through the human conurbation . 
 that was the place his mother came from . 
 it was the only city known to man , there were few small settlements outside the industrial monster , mining towns and plantations , but for the most part the city was where humans lives . 
 his father told him all about the place that day , about the greed , corruption , poverty and filth . 
 he made it clear that the city was no place vega would ever want to go . 
 his mother never spoke of it , but now she was gone . 
 the swamp was his home . 
 or it had been , until recently . 
 he did feel content with the vibrant green and browns in the place of his birth , but now it felt empty . 
 there was an indescribable itch in the depths of his chest , but he could not put a finger on what it meant . 
 before his father 's friend had arrived , he thought about leaving . 
 maybe he should go into the city and see the accomplishments of man for himself . 
 he could go and stay apart from that life without being corrupted , like a person on a tour . 
 maybe find a woman of his own , like his father had ... or he could strike off to the unknown regions . 
 he knew enough magic from his mother to be able to survive on his own . 
 and the roomers of warm islands far to the south ... but the recent arrival had changed all those plans . 
 now he sat in his special place , humming a tune his mother would sing to him to make him go to sleep , contemplating yesterdays offer . 
 vega was out collecting turtles from his traps when the man appeared . 
 he looked young , possibly only ten years older than himself , and spoke to him in his fathers tongue . 
 `` can you understand me ? '' 
 he said , shocking vega with the speech . 
 his father had told him that they two were probably the only ones in this land who could speak that way . 
 vega had felt unable to move when the stranger approached and switched words . 
 `` i can also talk in this manner if it would be easier for you . '' 
 `` no , this way would be fine . 
 it has always tasted better in my mouth anyway , '' vega answered . 
 `` that is because you are half tarkin and our speech is in your blood . '' 
 the man walked closer and vega saw his eyes . 
 they were purple , but the shade was so similar to the jade green he and his father shared , nothing at all close to the hazel his mother had . 
 `` your father and i were very close once . 
 he was one of the best friends i have ever had . 
 i was told that he is dead . '' 
 vega had shown him the long extinguished funeral pyre and they stood in silence . 
 his father 's friend reached in and drew out a charred long bone , wrapping it in a cloth before placing it in a pack he had been carrying . 
 it was obvious to vega that this man had come from the city . 
 he wore their clothes and a long dark coat beneath the pack . 
 `` i 'm sorry i missed him . 
 i did n't even know he was here for some time . 
 i heard a tale in the city about an occurrence sixteen years ago that made me realize he had made it off our world as well . '' 
 vega did n't know what to say . 
 he had so much confusion inside his mind and wanted to ask so many questions , but only the simplest came to his lips first . 
 `` how did you know where we were ? '' 
 `` i found your mother . 
 she told me what happened . '' 
 vega blinked back tears at the mention of his mother . 
 he had felt little when she had left , still numb from loosing his father , but now the emotion crept up on him . 
 they stood a little longer before they went to the house . 
 vega cooked turtle stew over the fire and there was little conversation . 
 `` my name is aros , '' he told vega . 
 `` what are your plans ? 
 will you continue to live alone ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' vega said , staring at the bed his father died in . 
 that had gotten him thinking . 
 `` think about it . 
 i will have a proposition for you tomorrow , to consider in better light . 
 we can talk then . '' 
 vega did not sleep that night . 
 he was too tired to get up and do anything , so he just laid in sleeplessness until the sky began to lighten . 
 without a sound , he forced himself up , leaving the sleeping visitor on the hill . 
 now he sat , covered with his green cloak , absentmindedly thinking about the past rather than about the future . 
 aros walked down from the house on a hill . 
 he went toward the cloaked figure perched on a fallen tree overlooking the swamp . 
 it was not quite a tarkin mannerism , but it was close . 
 aros walked down the path beside the water toward vega 's roost . 
 vega watched aros approach , wondering what it was that he would ask him , when he saw the slight change of the swamp water . 
 vega was about to call out a warning when the small crocodile exploded from the water , striking at the pedestrian . 
 as if with negative magnetism , aros launched himself up and away , sticking to one of the old wooden pylons that had been left by a previous attempt to build in the swampland . 
 vega was amazed by the hand weapon aros had used to attach himself to the pylon . 
 into the wood it stuck , holding aros out of reach of the danger . 
 with a natural motion , vega raised a flattened palm to the ground and sent a thin bolt of electricity down to the waters edge . 
 the collection of teeth recoiled back into its usual hunting ground . 
 aros gave him a nod , detached himself and continued to meet him . 
 `` so , i see you share your mothers affinity for magic . '' 
 `` yes , '' the boy said , his hood pushed back now enough to plainly see his face . 
 `` most people from the city are taught it in school if they are found to posses the talent for it . 
 my mother remembered her lessons and taught me all she knew . '' 
 `` yes , in the city you can earn a decent living casting magic in a factory . 
 the creation of energy by using crystals is sought after . 
 i read that over half the population has some level of command with simple magic . 
 and there are a few that can do more ... '' `` my mother told me that that requires years of advanced schooling at the institute . 
 not many get to go there and learn . 
 most of the skills of the ancient casters are no longer public knowledge . 
 there are books , but ... '' `` i have read the books . 
 but i am not of this world , and have no skills with magic , '' aros said . 
 `` your mother , who i met , was very powerful indeed . 
 but , she never reached her full potential . 
 that is why i have come to see what you can do . '' 
 aros was half way up the fallen log now , standing facing vega . 
 a warrior and a magician , half related by distant blood . 
 vega took his hands from his cloak and cupped them to a bowl . 
 `` i can make fire , '' he said and a drop of flame illuminated his hands . 
 with concentration , the fire grew larger and taller , rising like a column from his hands . 
 then it was gone . 
 `` you saw my skill with lightning . 
 i know some white and red magic as well . 
 my mother had a worn copy of intermediate skills that she was given by a mentor in school . 
 i have read it , but she never trained me to use any of it . '' 
 `` she should have . 
 most the magical workers i met in the city were only adept at casting pink magic to charge mined gemstones . 
 most could n't produce fire larger than a candles flame , '' aros said . 
 there was a pause and vega could sense what was coming . 
 `` i have to leave this place , '' aros began . 
 `` something in it is not good for tarkins . 
 i do n't know if it 's the air from the city or unseen organisms , but i will have a similar fate to akoda 's if i do not leave . 
 i never planned on staying long enough for it to affect me anyway . 
 `` i came across a very old book of magic while in the city . 
 i was going to hire someone from the institute to cast a spell from it for me , but then i found out about my friend . 
 i had to come and meet the son of akoda myself , even if it was too late to see him . '' 
 `` but you are so much younger than my father , '' vega interrupted . 
 `` he said he was over one hundred years old . 
 you look like you are no more than thirty . '' 
 `` time is a funny thing . 
 what do you know about time travel ? '' 
 vega was taken aback . 
 `` nothing . 
 can great magicians really travel against the river of time ? '' 
 `` oh , yes . 
 maybe not magician from your world , but from others ... it has been known to happen , '' aros said . 
 `` is that what you are going to ask me to do ? 
 i could never perform a spell like that ... '' `` no , no . 
 not against the river of time , that is a feat that i 'm sure is beyond you . 
 the spell is one of stone . '' 
 aros took a pocket-sized book from his breast pocket and handed it over to vega . 
 `` it will call forth a thick cloud that will cast me into stone . 
 the stone will hold me suspended in time for half a millennia . 
 it is a quick way to go downstream a distance . '' 
 `` this was used long ago to create gargoyles out of prisoners , '' vega read . 
 `` then they would be displayed for all to see what happened to thieves and rapists . '' 
 vega looked up , `` how do you know that you would revert in five hundred years ? '' 
 `` part of the incident with your father involved a man who was out of place in the city because he had come back to life in a different age . 
 he said it was like a nights sleep for him . '' 
 aros nodded his head as he said this and took a step closer to vega . 
 `` i have traveled through time , in various fashions . 
 why do you think your father and i , who grew up together , are such different ages ? 
 this is what i do , i am a traveler . 
 come with me vega and let 's leave this place . 
 there is nothing left for you here . 
 i could use a good magician with me . 
 you can travel with me as long as you like . 
 i have been to different worlds and different ages . 
 there are things out there you would never believe ! 
 we might even reach the world where your father and i are from , one day . '' 
 vega glanced back at the book and then to the already familiar face of aros . 
 for a moment , all time was one . 
 he knew the outcome of the decision he was being asked to make . 
 it took no thought ; aros was right when he said there was nothing here for vega . 
 `` where would you like to stand for five hundred years ? '' 
 chapter 20 - the lost chapter a man sat on his knees , head bowed to the polished jade tiles . 
 firelight flickered off stonewalls from mounted torches in the large chamber . 
 the smell of exotic incense wafted from metal pots that hung from the outstretched arms of marble statues . 
 the man sitting on the round floor-pillow wore tattered travelers clothes . 
 his deep crimson hair was long and peppered with grey strands . 
 renault opened his eyes . 
 he sat up . 
 his connection was broken . 
 after disappearing from the top of the structure far away , he had meant to use his farseeing gift to watch his charge in flight , invisible to them , but there none the less . 
 instead he opened the eyes of his own body and was back . 
 back to the mountain top temple , far from any kingdom in the known lands . 
 what had happened ? 
 the answer shouted from the back of his mind , but he refused to hear it . 
 renault lifted his head and took to his stiff legs . 
 his feet still felt as if they had been pounded on with blacksmith 's hammers . 
 the journey had been long and intense , a search for a rumor that tales could be sung about . 
 and he had done it alone . 
 thus , here he was , the final push to achieve his desires and he knew deep down that he had broken a rule . 
 at the far end of the domed hall , the lifelike statue of the great wizard dominated . 
 renault worked the stiffness out of his legs as he walked toward the enormous blue sodalite stone statue . 
 the blinking statue gazed upon the small man that approached with an expressionless face . 
 the wizard had a mighty beard and hair that looked like the crashing of waves . 
 he wore only a tattered loincloth over a thick muscled frame . 
 age showed on his face despite the physique , giving the stone figure an air of omnipotence . 
 renault halted ten paces from the pedestal in which he sat . 
 the soft slap of sandals preceded the spread of light produced by an old woman holding a torch that walked out from behind the statue . 
 the messenger , renault thought . 
 he had met the woman before , when he first entered the temple and begged to prove himself worthy of a gift . 
 she was bald , smooth skinned and covered in a wide swath of tan cloth that was held to her figure by a rope at the waist . 
 she would speak for the great wizard who sat on the mountain top overlooking all lands . 
 `` what has happened ? 
 why have i been cut off from my quest ? '' 
 the messenger stood silent for a moment before she spoke . 
 `` you know why . 
 you have acted inappropriately . '' 
 `` great wizard , '' renault began , clasping his hands together and looking up at the silent animated statue . 
 `` am i to forfeit my quest for one minor infraction ? '' 
 `` a minor infraction ? '' 
 the messenger exclaimed . 
 `` you have journeyed far and thrown yourself at our mercy , asking for a gift that few men should ever command . 
 and for this gift , all we ask in return is a token of your time and to follow certain rules . 
 `` but , now that we have reached this circumstance , you should know why we have asked for so little in return . 
 gifts like this are not bestowed upon any who travel here and ask . 
 quests , such as the one you have just failed , are for you to prove you are fit to wield such powers . '' 
 `` failed ... '' `` yes , failed . 
 the rules were simple . 
 you were to guide the three on their quest . 
 you were not to interfere , only to provide information . 
 when you project yourself in this manner , you are incorporeal . 
 exposing this fact is highly undesirable . 
 the ability to make yourself look any way you imagine is to make yourself blend in with the people in the land you project yourself to , not to frighten them . 
 you did this , exposing yourself as more than an ordinary man . 
 doing such is not the goal of having this gift . 
 should ordinary men know of such things , the gift looses its power and becomes an ordinary thing . '' 
 `` please , powerful one ! 
 i did such only for the benefit of those that i was sent to help ! 
 search my heart , its intentions were pure ! '' 
 `` we do not fully believe your claim . 
 part of you did it out of spite , to prove you were better than those who were in pursuit of the three . '' 
 `` i yield to your judgment ... '' renault said , shoulders slumping . 
 `` the quest was both training and a test , to see how you would handle what you were given . 
 if you can not use your gift properly in a closed world , how could we let you loose on the possibility of all the worlds , of this and every other level ? 
 there is another climbing the mountain as we speak . 
 he will likely be better deserving than you . '' 
 renault was flattened at the rebuke . 
 he wanted to collapse on the floor and cry out defeated . 
 but something stopped him . 
 something tugged at the reserves of willpower he was not aware he had . 
 it was the faces of the three young men he was sent to help . 
 their quest meant as much to him as his own . 
 more possibly , in fact . 
 theirs desire to heal was touchingly selfless . 
 `` please , i beg of you . 
 return my gift for a short time . 
 i accept the failure of my own quest , but not theirs . 
 permit me to see their journey to the end . 
 i owe them that much . 
 let me help them before i leave this place forever . '' 
 the messenger looked up at the statue , who 's stone gaze was locked with the red haired man that knelt before him . 
 the animate blue stone head gave a slight nod , and the bald woman turned back to renault . 
 `` your heart is pure . 
 the lesson has been learned , and you shall be given a second chance . 
 the three have crossed the river and one is hurt . 
 you will have one last time to visit them before they go off on their own to finish what they have started . 
 should they succeed , the gift will be given to you . 
 you will have succeeded at your quest . 
 but this will be your final contact with the three . 
 your fate rests in their hands . 
 is this still acceptable ? '' 
 `` yes ! 
 thank you , powerful one ! '' 
 `` then return to your place and watch the conclusion . 
 we have another about to join us , '' the messenger said , looking to the back of the hall . 
 `` you said one was hurt , '' renault said before he walked away . 
 `` a leg injury from their escape . 
 it will hamper them , but such is the way of things . '' 
 `` one last request . 
 let me give them something to ease their pain . 
 they still have such a long walk and a final confrontation , '' renault beg . 
 `` you push your luck , renault of castt . 
 but we will grant you this . 
 it can not be that such a small request will not influence the final outcome . 
 return to them and watch the game play itself out . '' 
 renault turned and walked away from the statue . 
 he had let his passion get the better of him , but at least he had gotten a second chance . 
 his round pillow sat near the base of another statue , partially in the glow of torchlight . 
 he lowered himself and closed his eyes . 
 the exhausted man jumped back into his quest before he had fully lowered his body to the position he had taken up in total concentration . 
 while renault 's mind interacted with the world his image was projected into , the doors to the great hall opened on their seldom-used hinges . 
 in a way that he had not yet experienced using the gift he had been lent , renaults ' body heard the opening of the door and felt the cold blast of air as the second traveler sought refuge from the harsh winter conditions . 
 in the last two days of his time using his new ability , when he was gone from his body , it was as if it was forgotten . 
 but now that the temple was no longer a place of total silence , he was able to devote a small fraction of his attention to what was going on at his anchor . 
 standing in a field near a riverbank , addressing three new friends for the final time , renault knew that in a land far away , the messenger had brought a second pillow for the newcomer and had placed it for him to rest on across the hall from him . 
 but this fact distracted him little and he went on with his task ; prepare his charges for their final deed . 
 `` we rarely receive travelers here , '' the messenger told the man sitting across from renault . 
 `` never two at once . '' 
 `` what is he doing ? 
 meditating ? '' 
 `` he is on his own path . 
 but do not concern yourself with him quite yet . 
 for now , warm yourself and rest . 
 you may come to find what seek when you are ready . 
 take as long as you like . '' 
 with his final visit complete , renault removed his image . 
 his body took a deep breath as he had done all he could now do to ensure all of them success . 
 at this point all he could do was watch the rest unfold . 
 and so he did , projecting his vision all around , watching from every vantage point the endgame . 
 it took all he had not to appear and attempt to intercede , with information or the sudden appearance of his image , for this was his final test as well . 
 this was his test to see if he had truly learned his lesson and was fit to retain his gift . 
 pick-up on hill 136 vincent hardin had just started to drift off when there was a heavy knock at the door . 
 the small room made the sudden noise waking him much more startling . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 he said , swinging his feet to the floor . 
 a voice muffled by the thick wooden door answered . 
 `` captain groves wants you to grab your things and meet him at the dispatch office . '' 
 with protests running through his tired mind , he pulled the door open and looked at the runner . 
 `` you know what this is about ? '' 
 `` sounded to me like you guys got a mission . '' 
 with her message delivered , the young girl took off , disappearing into the misty night . 
 in his full uniform and travel bag draped on one shoulder , hardin walked across the stone ground of the falcons perch relay station . 
 the sky was bright with moonlight illuminating the puffy clouds overhead . 
 some of the moisture had descended , leaving a thin layer of fog near the ground . 
 arriving at the dispatch office and nodding to the attendant at the front desk , hardin walked back into the operations theater . 
 an old man , wearing the uniform and badge of an airship captain , stood talking with the station 's supervisor . 
 hardin stopped two steps into the room and waited for his captain . 
 across the room , radio operators sat at their stations raised a half level above the main floor . 
 a large map of the continent containing a wide array of geographical features , other relay stations , the coastal cities and numbered hills that all dominated the hand painted map on the adjacent wall . 
 the soft , serious hum of activity in the operations theater took on its own life , which knew not the hour . 
 the conversation broke up and captain groves walked towards hardin with a package tucked under one arm and a small envelope in the other hand . 
 `` so , who did we upset to get an extra run thrown at us in the middle of the night ? '' 
 hardin asked quietly as they left . 
 `` no mail this time . 
 this is a special run , a pickup . '' 
 `` you are their favorite to send on special errands . '' 
 `` ehh ... you grab the new kid and i 'll get franks . 
 we can take off as soon as we are ready , '' groves said . 
 `` aye , aye . '' 
 the two exited the dispatch office and pealed off in different directions . 
 hardin and the new pilot reached the airship dock just as a section of clouds parted , spilling moon beams onto the circular stone perch . 
 the dock held eight airships , all moored around the perimeter . 
 when the two got within one hundred meters of their ship , the lost shadow , they found they were the last to arrive . 
 their night vision was interrupted by the sudden lighting of the airship , reveling its relatively small passenger and cargo carriage that hung forward and beneath the large cigar shape of the lighter-than-air envelope . 
 as the two walked under the stabilizing fins at the tail of the craft , captain groves appeared at the top of the loading ramp . 
 `` move it , long , you got a ship to fly ! '' 
 five minutes later , after running through pre-flight checks , the pilot announced that the ship was ready to depart . 
 while the captain radioed in for clearance with dispatch , hardin checked in with the pilot . 
 `` so , tonight we have no payload , and with us being so much lighter , your controls are going to be much more responsive . '' 
 `` got it , `` long said . 
 `` this is my first real night mission , so when we fly by a pylon , i need to pull down my blue filter ? '' 
 `` yes , at least one kilometer out . 
 they react brightly through the blue . 
 other than that , treat it like any other run , '' hardin said . 
 `` what are we doing anyway ? 
 search and rescue ? '' 
 `` the captain will brief us on the way to the pylon . '' 
 captain groves flicked on the intercom , which ran back to the hold and down to the engine room . 
 `` you got me down there , franks ? '' 
 `` go ahead captain . '' 
 `` alright , mission brief . '' 
 the old man cleared his throat and pulled a sheet of paper from the envelope he was given earlier . 
 `` we are to precede to the south pylon and plot a course 3086 mils taking us to hill 136 . 
 we are to set anchor and wait to pick up one male passenger . 
 we will then precede along 2763 mils to inleaf city station and await further assignment , '' groves said concluding his brief . 
 `` and hopefully get a day off for this mess , '' franks piped up from the intercom . 
 captain groves grunted a half-hearted approval . 
 `` first officer , supervise course acquisition from the pylon . 
 i 'm going down the hole to get a cup of coffee . '' 
 `` aye , aye sir . '' 
 the long tan airship slid up through the clouds like a rocket in slow motion . 
 now , running along the top of the cloud deck , the pilot lowered the blue filter screen on the forward windshield . 
 sailing over the mounds of clouds and steering clear of the stiletto peaks of rock on which moisture hung , long waited to glimpse the pylon . 
 hardin took a seat behind the pilot and waited . 
 he knew just when the pylon would come in range . 
 he had spent his time in longs chair and knew all the routes by heart . 
 `` i have it , '' long said as the red lights of the pylon reacted with the blue , leaving a strong purple glow on the horizon . 
 `` time for a lesson , '' hardin announced . 
 `` how do you make up time on a run ? 
 what if you do n't have time to go all the way to a marker to plot a course ? 
 these were common problems for airships back in the war . 
 one smart captain caught on and used math to come up with something called a ` combat shortcut . ' 
 old timers still pull this maneuver off , but it is no longer taught to new pilots , as they rather have you do things the right way every time . '' 
 long nodded , keeping his eyes on his task . 
 `` estimate your distance to the pylon . '' 
 `` um ... i guess i 'd say , about two kilometers ? '' 
 `` bad guess , '' hardin said . 
 `` you can do better . 
 do n't guess , just tell me the distance . '' 
 `` ok , '' long said . 
 `` one point seven kilometers . '' 
 `` alright . 
 swing over to the plotting station , '' hardin instructed . 
 `` now , you are going to knock off a tenth for our current speed . 
 our last known point is the station . 
 we are between the two and one point six from the pylon . 
 now , get an azimuth to hill 136 . '' 
 `` i have 3120 mils , '' long said . 
 `` quickly , match your course . '' 
 long swung back over to the pilots station and moved the airship along the new course . 
 hardin clapped the new pilot on the back . 
 `` that is the combat shortcut . 
 how close we arrive to the hill will depend on the accuracy of your estimation . 
 so , if you were off , we could get lost on a heavy clouded day . 
 we would n't want to have to break off and search for the southeast pylon and re-plot . 
 that would make us very late and tarnish our title as the best ship in the fleet . 
 that is why this is not taught in school . '' 
 `` yes sir . '' 
 long paused . 
 `` thank you for teaching me this , sir . '' 
 `` well , i would n't want my pilot not up to speed with how we do things , '' hardin said . 
 `` stay on course . 
 i 'm going down below , call if anything comes up . '' 
 muffled chuckles drifted up amid the clicks and whirls of the engine room . 
 `` ... and the damned thing is , he survived the war ! '' 
 hardin heard the captains ' punch line as he came down the spiral staircase . 
 both men looked up as they finished their laugh . 
 sitting at his ` work ' table , the old pudgy engineer franks grabbed a mug , filled it with the strong coffee and slid it over to hardin . 
 `` i felt us change course a little early , '' the captain said , eying hardin . 
 `` i taught the kid your shortcut . '' 
 `` i 've got one for you just like that , '' franks said to captain groves , as if there was no interruption . 
 `` after the war was over , i went home and got into a mechanics school . 
 `` to pay for the school , i got a crummy job at a warehouse moving crates around . 
 after my second day of work , i recognized another guy that worked there . 
 we must have gone to school together when we were youngsters , so we start talking . 
 soon enough we ate lunch together and were always talking . 
 he eventually understood the types of things i did in the war . 
 `` so , a couple of weeks later , after work , he pulls me aside and asks if i want to earn a bit of extra money . 
 this guy says he will give me two hundred gil to go up into the hills and check out this mine camp . 
 `` mind you , this was back when the slate hills were full of rare gems . 
 there were laws against mining , or being in possession of unpermitted gems . 
 but these hills were so remote and wide that the locals all had illegal mines running . 
 the gems were the main thing that kept their local economy going . 
 `` my friend grew up in the area . 
 he knew most everyone and where everything was . 
 he knew who had producing mines and when the constables came around . 
 best of all , he had the contacts . 
 he knew guys who could cut and polish , and others who would buy undocumented stones , no questions . 
 `` this guy was a crook . 
 he also was n't the lightest balloon in the race . 
 but he knew he needed what he lacked . 
 he needed someone who knew how to use a pistol and could come up with tactics . 
 `` so we worked together . 
 we would stake out different mines at night and our days off . 
 i spent a lot of time setting things up and coming up with plans . 
 with the types of things i was seeing out there , i was expecting a huge haul . 
 i 'm talking enough money to take care of all my debts and more to spend on whatever . 
 at most of the spots , a single old guy was left sitting on a huge stash . 
 others had one hired hill-hick to guard a mine at night when the others were away . 
 we had one other guy on our team and knew we would have to play rough , because that is what it takes . 
 `` we met on and off for months . 
 he was always unsure of the plans . 
 i wanted concrete plans and to set dates for our raids . 
 but things just never came together . 
 with all his talk , i never saw him pull the trigger . 
 we never took a single gem . 
 he was smart enough to know we needed each other , but not smart enough to know when to take action . '' 
 `` yep , you know the old saying , '' groves said , `` greatness is never achieved through hesitation . '' 
 three long cups of coffee later , the conversation was interrupted by the intercom . 
 captain groves and hardin ascended to the main deck . 
 groves took his seat in the comfortably worn-in captains chair as hardin asked long for a report . 
 `` i put us five kilometers and in visual range of hill 136 . 
 all scopes and switches functioning . 
 time is zero-one-one-six . 
 your orders , sir ? '' 
 long rambled off sharply . 
 captain groves reached into his coat pocket and drew out the envelope . 
 `` we are to reach the hill no later than zero-two hundred and set anchor on a shelf on the southwest side , '' groves read . 
 `` looks like we came right down on top of the hill . 
 good cut , long . '' 
 long beamed to himself as he closed the last five kilometers to the rocky peak protruding above the cloud deck . 
 the airship slowed and circled clockwise around the hill , taking the long way to their anchor point . 
 ten feet above the shelf , the anchor was dropped so that the nose of the long ship pointed at the mountain . 
 franks came up from below out of curiosity and a lack of instruments to monitor . 
 `` this does n't look right , boss . '' 
 `` i agree , '' hardin said , scanning the windows for signs of anyone . 
 `` i would have figured there would have been something up here , a keep or a house . 
 a shack , at least . '' 
 `` i had a feeling this would be a strange one , '' groves said . 
 `` i heard that this mission came from the director , himself . 
 i guess our runs had been planed well in advance for us to be at falcon perch today and run this tonight . 
 hell , the letterhead has the old seal on it . 
 they changed those ten years back . 
 this is all odd . 
 if we do n't have a passenger by fifteen after , we are gone . '' 
 the crew sat in silence . 
 the moons bright white light reflected off the smooth stone cliffs and nothing moved . 
 hardin checked the clock . 
 five minutes till . 
 he hoped they did n't come out here for nothing . 
 in the midst of the silence , a sharp crack leapt out of the night , with a fierce rumbling in tow . 
 the distinct quavering trill of the anchor cable echoed over the hill . 
 the airship remained static as it floated over the shaking hill . 
 as suddenly as it began , the earthquake ended . 
 hardin turned to see groves on his feet . 
 `` mark that in our log , '' the captain said . 
 `` reorient the ship in preparation to leave . 
 i am lowering the rear hatch and waiting the final fifteen minutes back there . '' 
 groves left the bridge as long moved the ship . 
 hardin noted the time as three minutes until two and scribbled in the log . 
 franks moved behind the pilot 's chair and spotted a figure moving across the shelf . 
 `` eyes on ! '' 
 franks yelled , pointing out the pickup to the other two . 
 `` hold her steady , '' he said as the two left long alone on the bridge . 
 in the few moments it took hardin and franks to join the captain on the loading ramp , the man had reached the ship . 
 before a ladder could be lowered , the dark haired man leapt the ten feet from the ground and grabbed the edge of the ramp . 
 he quickly pulled himself up . 
 `` welcome aboard , i am captain jonas groves , '' the captain said , extending his hand . 
 `` i 'm aros , '' the man said , taking his hand . 
 `` thanks for the ride . '' 
 `` you did n't get hurt by that quake , did you ? '' 
 franks asked . 
 aros turned and looked right at franks . 
 `` there was an earthquake ? 
 interesting . '' 
 aros turned back and was lead up to the bridge by the captain , with a confused franks in tow . 
 `` i was told you would have a package for me . '' 
 groves handed over the long rectangular box , which aros immediately opened . 
 the whole crew curiously watched to see the stranger take out a small handbook and a belt with two very fancy looking sheathed daggers . 
 `` we have no passenger berths , with this being a postal ship . 
 but feel free to make yourself comfortable back in the hold , '' groves said . 
 `` is there anything else you need ? '' 
 `` only to get to inleaf as fast as we can . 
 i 've come a long way for an important meeting , '' aros said . 
 `` pilot ! 
 let 's get on our way then ! '' 
 seven forty seven the chapter was just getting to its climax , a david vs. goliath fight , when a loud chirp and buzz of his pager caused will to stop reading . 
 he popped the outdated stone off his belt and read the text . 
 he hated that chirp . 
 why could n't they have made it something pleasant ? 
 a nice chime or musical note ? 
 `` looks like we got one , '' will said , looking over at his partner . 
 bobby took his headphones out and looked at the same message that had also came across his pager . 
 will reached over to the center console that separated the passenger seat from the drivers , and picked up their nextel . 
 he punched a button on the face and depressed the walkie-talkie toggle , producing a different chirp that alerted him that he was now speaking to dispatch . 
 `` seven-forty-seven , we copy pages . '' 
 `` seven-forty-seven , '' dispatch echoed back , `` your call is going to be code one , for a 73 year old male , coming out of shady pine skilled nursing facility and going to berry community for failure to thrive . 
 no special equipment . 
 23:43 . '' 
 `` copy , show us responding , '' will said and tossed the nextel back into the basket . 
 `` hey , wake up , '' he said turning his head to the back . 
 `` we got a call . '' 
 bobby started the engine and dropped the rig into gear . 
 the two full time partners rarely talked anymore . 
 when you have been working with the same person for long periods of time , week after week , you quickly run out of things to say . 
 this was n't that big of a deal for will , as these night shifts rarely left him in want of conversation . 
 but tonight , they had a rider . 
 this happened occasionally . 
 that evening , as will walked up the concrete ramp into the ambulance bay , his supervisor called his name from the office . 
 `` you two have a guest tonight , '' the old paramedic said , pointing to the small asian girl sitting in one of the office 's chairs . 
 `` this is kelly and she is from the bastes city college program . 
 this is her first of two ride-alongs , so be nice to her , especially because she volunteered to do a night car . '' 
 `` cool , grab your stuff , i 'll show you what rig we are in , '' will said to the young woman , and then turned back to his boss . 
 `` i take it you have n't seen bobby yet ? '' 
 the supervisor looked at his watch and snorted . 
 `` you better tell him that if he keeps walking in here three minutes late every shift , i 'm going to write him up . '' 
 `` oh , i think he knows , but just does n't care . 
 it 's hard when you carry a p-card but ca n't use it . '' 
 `` well , he will be in the next group we upgrade ... whenever that will be . '' 
 they left the office and found their ambulance . 
 will was slightly surprised by how chatty the girl was . 
 maybe it was a nervous thing . 
 he walked her through their daily checkout procedures , and she asked about everything . 
 she talked about her class and her plans to apply to every ambulance company as soon as she got nationally registered . 
 bobby showed up half way through the checkout , saw what was happening . 
 he kept to the front of the rig , saying little . 
 that was fine with will . 
 he remembered when he was new , a short two years ago , so full of hope and excitement at saving lives . 
 then he got a slot full time on a basic life support transfer car , and that ended that . 
 but , at least having a rider was a change of pace . 
 will was in the space of mind that nothing really upset him in this job . 
 last week , they had a patient that had obviously defecated on himself . 
 bobby half blew up at the sending facility . 
 if it were n't for him stepping in and volunteering to ride in the back with the patient , will would n't have been surprised if a complaint was phoned in to his supervisor over lack of professionalism . 
 in his mind , what were a few moments in the back of the ambulance with a stinky old lady ? 
 he just poured a bag of instant coffee on the ground and dealt with it . 
 he was here all night and making money . 
 it was his job , and things could be worse . 
 `` so where are we going ? '' 
 kelly asked . 
 she was young , probably just out of high school , and small . 
 it was always funny to see persons of slight build try to enter the field of emergency medicine . 
 most thought they would be doing lots of medical procedures and did n't even consider the other half of the job . 
 and lifting patients was a big part of that job . 
 he wondered if the tiny girl would be able to lode the gurney into the back of the ambulance with a full-grown man on it . 
 he aught to get bobby to lie on it and let her give it a try ... `` a sniff off of stalton ave , '' nate said to the face peeking through the compartment leading to the back . 
 `` sniff 's are slang for skilled nursing facilities . 
 we get a lot of private transport calls from places like this . '' 
 `` cuz for some reason they ca n't wait to call until a reasonable hour . 
 it has to be in the middle of the night , always the middle of the night . '' 
 `` the last two were from a hospital to other places , how often do you guys go to peoples houses , like , with lights and sirens ? '' 
 both men laughed . 
 `` we are not a 9-1-1 car . 
 we would never get a call like that . 
 your next ride-along , request an als car , that 's where you will get the action you 're seeking , '' bobby told her . 
 `` we will go to peoples houses occasionally , but it 's never for an emergency . 
 it 's always for a patient who ca n't get themselves to the hospital or a dialysis clinic without help . 
 there is lots of need for transports like this everyday . 
 people do n't even realize . 
 it 's not what most of us get this job for , but someone has to do it . 
 but , i tell you what , there is worth in everything you do . 
 on a transfer car , you can learn where everything is , how the hospitals are laid out , and how to document . 
 it 's a great way to develop in a low stress environment . 
 a good way to make sure this is for you . '' 
 `` well , i want to go to med school eventually and i was told this is a good introduction to the field . '' 
 `` oh yeah , ca n't get any more basic than this . 
 pay attention to everything ; see how it all works now . 
 it 's much better to figure out if this is what you want to do before investing so many years of schooling into something you end up hating . '' 
 bobby pulled into the dimly lit parking lot and drove under the overhang . 
 right after he put the rig in park , as he was taking his time preparing to get out , the backlights lit up as kelly threw the back doors open . 
 he looked in the rearview and saw her pulling on a pair of blue medical gloves , ready to save the day . 
 he shot a look over to his partner , who snorted . 
 will called dispatch to tell them the unit was on-scene . 
 will pulled out the gurney , and drew a pair of gloves from a box in the back . 
 he stuffed them in his front pocket and led the yellow-wheeled beast into the building . 
 the pickup went as they usually did . 
 the paperwork was not ready , the nurse in charge had left the transfer of care to a subordinate , and the man they were picking up was not exactly light . 
 just another night on a transfer car ... will took the tech , it was his turn , and bobby drove . 
 the emt student rider sat in the airway seat , at the head of the gurney . 
 the old man on the gurney seemed asleep , and only opened his eyes to nod in approval as will explained to him what was going on . 
 he thumbed through the paperwork to get the info he needed for his pre-hospital care report . 
 he scanned over the do-not-resuscitate order , and ensured it was signed and valid for the patient he was transporting . 
 it was quiet in the back of the moving ambulance when will interrupted the silence to ask kelly to get a set of vital signs . 
 out of nowhere , the man awoke and spoke . 
 `` i 'm going to die tonight , '' he said . 
 his voice was hoarse , evident that he had not use it in some time . 
 he turned his head and looked at will , who sat on the bench seat next to him . 
 the ambulance vibrated down the road , and will looked down at the paperwork spread out next to him . 
 `` we are all going to die , mr. vasquez , '' will said . 
 the statement from the older man did not surprise him or catch him off guard the way it did kelly . 
 will heard it frequently , usually from the older patients who were tired of running the marathon of life . 
 kelly sat back in her seat , visually uncomfortable , not knowing what to say . 
 `` but ... tonight is not your night , i do n't think . 
 we are going to get you over to the hospital for some tests and i 'm sure they will fix you right up . 
 besides , i 've never had anyone die on me in my ambulance , and i do n't think tonight would be a good time to start . '' 
 the man listened to will 's half sincere speech , and continued to look at the boy who gave him courteous attention . 
 he found the man interesting ; a hispanic last name , yet he looked like any old white guy . 
 he did have a slight accent that was unplaceable . 
 maybe that had something to do with the last name ... instead of responding to the statement like most rational people , richard vasquez went on with his own stream of consciousness . 
 this also did not phase the seasoned emt , as most his patient tended to not have completely present mental faculties . 
 `` no , '' he said , `` i have seen it . 
 i will die soon . 
 i know it . '' 
 the comment hung in the air for a moment before the dying man continued . 
 `` i remember my own birth . 
 i remember all kinds of things that happened . 
 i remember things that have n't happened , but should have . 
 all my life i have been this way . '' 
 `` all your life , huh ? '' 
 will said , head tilted to one side , happy to engage the patient in his deluded conversation . 
 his hope was that talking to this man would get his mind off morbid thoughts . 
 hell , he thought , i would want someone to talk to me like i was a real person if i was old as dirt and had to be carted around by ambulance . 
 plus , this technically was his job , patient care . 
 some emt 's would n't do this , especially someone like bobby . 
 but this was the type of thing that all those company posters that hung in the deployment center talked about : customer focused concern . 
 `` yeah , since i was a baby . 
 my mother passed it on to me . 
 she said she had it too , and when i was born , it went away , passed on to me . '' 
 `` so you can see the future , then ? '' 
 `` and the past , '' the wrinkled old face said , turning back to look at the dome fluorescent lights . 
 `` but not very far . 
 i know things i should n't know , they just come to me . 
 sometimes it 's a vision ; sometimes it 's just a feeling . 
 and i 'm always right . '' 
 `` so you must have made a lot of money doing that . 
 ever go to vegas ? '' 
 `` no . 
 no , i just lived my life . 
 i tried to help people . 
 once i was in a restaurant and this woman started complaining that she had just lost her necklace . 
 she got up and looked under the table and poured out her purse . 
 i asked her if it was gold , with a big gold hoop on it and she looks at me , and says yes . 
 so i told her the clasp broke while she was in the bathroom and it fell off . 
 i got myself in trouble sometimes , because the lady thought i was spying on her while in the bathroom . 
 how else could i have known where her necklace was ? 
 but i saw it happen , up here , '' the old man tapped his forehead , `` as soon as she made a fuss about loosing it . '' 
 something changed . 
 will had had countless conversations with the sick and dying , people with every sort of psychosis , and this was different . 
 he could no place his finger on it , but this man 's claims were different than any other person with an altered mental status he had come across . 
 instead of asking leading questions to coax the patient into talking , and thus gaining trust , the next question felt real . 
 `` what else ? 
 what else have you seen ? '' 
 `` things i should n't have seen . 
 i end up knowing things i should n't have any way of knowing . 
 i know about this lovely girl behind me . 
 her mother has blue eyes ... '' as the man continued to talk , nate show a glance at kelly , who he had just met . 
 her own brown eyes were wide . 
 he was right ... `` and once i was driving down this hill and a voice just spoke out loud to me . 
 it was my own , but it said to put the car in second gear . 
 i was going over the speed limit a little bit coz of the downhill , but i did it anyway . 
 the engine roared when i downshifted , but i slowed down . 
 when i got to the bottom of the hill , a little girl ran out in the street chasing a dog and i stopped for her . 
 if i had n't put the car in second ... '' `` i have had dreams about who would win football games , '' he continued . 
 `` i have gotten the feeling that i need to leave town and done it . 
 nothing happened while i was gone , but maybe that 's because i was gone from it . 
 `` once i was at a gas station and dropped a quarter on the ground , when i went to pick it up . 
 i picked it up three times . 
 the first time the face was looking at me . 
 a sweating man jumped out of a truck that sat at the pumps and robbed the store . 
 he shot the man behind the counter before he left and drove away , almost hitting me . 
 i picked it up again and it was tails , and the man drove off without paying and did not go inside . 
 the last time the quarter was on its side , standing up as if it was balanced there . 
 the man in the truck was sitting behind the wheel , hands shaking . 
 so , i walked right up to him and said , ` let me buy you your gasoline . ' 
 i went inside and paid for his tank . 
 he never said a word to me but look at me like i was some sort of angel sent by god to help him that night . '' 
 `` and even knowing all you do , you have lived a simple life ? 
 do you have children ? '' 
 will was in a trance . 
 his rider sat not saying a word , as if there were only two people in the back of the ambulance . 
 `` i could never settle down with a woman . 
 i would get a flash of our future , and could not bear to walk down that road , knowing . 
 i drank too much for years . 
 it was the only thing i could do to stop it . 
 but once i sobered up , i was so glad to feel whole again . 
 i wish i had children ... '' `` three out ! '' 
 bobby called from the front , breaking the magic . 
 he was totally oblivious to what was being said in the back . 
 the reality check put will back on his task . 
 he pulled out a form for his patient to sign . 
 `` mr. vasquez , could you sign this for me ? 
 it says we had permission to take you over to the hospital . '' 
 `` sure , son , '' he said . 
 with weak hands he reached out to take the clipboard and pen that were offered to him . 
 will had removed his gloves for the transport , and their hands touched with the transfer of the pen . 
 richard vasquez held on to will 's hand and looked into his face before attempting to sign . 
 `` thank you for listening to me , '' he said earnestly . 
 will was about to respond when the old man froze . 
 he waited , holding the clipboard over the lying man , ready to assist with the collection of the signature . 
 the race-weary man closed his eyes and his hands slowly lowered to his chest . 
 there was a moment of uncertainty as the familiar bump and lurch of the ambulance signaled that they were pulling onto the hospital grounds . 
 `` mr. vasquez ? 
 mr. vasquez ? '' 
 will said , shaking the old man 's arm . 
 `` what ... '' kelly began . 
 `` bobby ! 
 this guy just went unresponsive !! '' 
 will was checking his pulse and feeling with his cheek for a breath when he yelled at his ride along to check the blood pressure . 
 despite the orders to not attempt any life saving interventions , the back of the now parked ambulance became a flurry of activity . 
 kelly was sent inside , and sloppily informed the staff of the situation . 
 the two-man ambulance crew moved their patient inside as if a doctor inside might throw out the orders and go to work on the man . 
 but of course the orders were kept . 
 the wishes of the patient were written as a legal order , and it was respected . 
 a simple cardiac monitor was attached and the results were clear . 
 an er doctor came over to confirm the findings . 
 richard vasquez died that night just as he had predicted . 
 will sat in the passenger side of the front of the ambulance , doing his paperwork , which was more complex than usual . 
 as he had told his patient thirty minutes prior , he had never had someone die on him , so this type of documentation was new to him . 
 out the ambulance entrance , an er nurse , who had signed as the receiving facility in place of his dead patient , walked to her car . 
 she was older and looked tired from a long evening in the er . 
 she smiled at will on her way past , and he smiled back . 
 when she got home , she would find that her cat had given birth on the foot of her queen-sized bed . 
 the bedspread would have to be thrown out due to all the mess , but she would be left with four healthy kittens and one that did not make it . 
 her long night at the hospital would now turn into a longer one with her husband working the swing shift at the glass factory and not off till two . 
 will blinked the thoughts away . 
 he was letting his tired imagination run wild ! 
 after all those stories ... but the vision had been so clear : a white and calico cat , an oak bed frame , and the mess on the bed ... bobby and kelly came out of the hospital and got in the rig . 
 the ending to the call had awoken the grumpy emt and he waxed philosophically to the new girl about the ambulance business in a way he had n't all night . 
 both seemed in an electric mood that will could feel working at him . 
 after that weird flash it was slow in coming , but he perked up and let the thoughts of the last half hour wash away . 
 he rolled down his window and picked up the book he had been reading off of the dash . 
 he held it on his lap in both hands as they cruised through the seeping town and back to their deployment center to await the next call . 
 the treasure map greg thompson screamed down the sidewalk , jumping down from the curb to avoid a telephone pole that took up too much of the walkway . 
 swinging his head in all directions , he set his gearless bmx bike at an angle and cut across the deserted four way stop . 
 as he peeled past the gas station on the corner , his older brother peter looked up from the television set sitting on the counter and watched his brother go by . 
 it was peter 's job to look after his twelve-year-old little brother during the summer while his mom was at work , even though he had a job of his own . 
 it made no difference to peter , as his kid brother could take care of himself , just like he did at that age . 
 once out of sight , peter went back to watching his discovery channel show about the universe . 
 greg wore no helmet . 
 his blond shaggy bowl cut swept back from his forehead as he continued down the hill and under the highway . 
 it was a typical warm morning in grass valley , and he dressed accordingly : jean shorts , high top sneakers , and a striped shirt . 
 the ground leveled off . 
 he peddled in full body motions , passed his old elementary school and over to the park . 
 summer days like this seemed to never end for a boy this age . 
 one day greg would wake up to his mother ushering him out the door to shop for school clothes . 
 only then would he realize that his vacation was over . 
 but today was not that day , and the numbers on a calendar were the last thing on the boys ' mind . 
 today it was a girl . 
 chelsea donovan lived down the road and had been friends with greg since the fifth grade . 
 he heard she was back from summer camp and subsequently road past her house several times yesterday evening . 
 her father finally noticed the ride-by 's and gave his youngest daughter the hint that she should go out to the front lawn . 
 `` oh , hey , chelsea ! 
 where have you been ? '' 
 `` at camp for two weeks , remember ? '' 
 `` oh yeah ... '' greg feigned ignorance . 
 he had been friends with the girl from down the road for years , but lately he could n't stop thinking about her . 
 he thought she was the prettiest girl in his class ; with long brown hair always braided into a single ponytail . 
 the fair was coming up and he hoped she would go with him one night . 
 `` you want to go ride bikes tomorrow ? 
 i 'm probably going to be riding around anyway . 
 i might meet up with zach later , too ... '' `` okay , '' she said and smiled . 
 `` my sisters have been such a drag lately anyway . 
 being around them everyday for two weeks has really gotten on my nerves , you know ? '' 
 `` cool . 
 meet at memorial park at eight ? '' 
 she had agreed and he had gone home grinning . 
 after waking up ten minutes before his rendezvous , greg streaked toward the park . 
 he rolled around the final corner and cut across the parking lot , dodging through the few cars parked in front of the park pool . 
 it was swim lesson season , but that would n't start for a few more hours . 
 greg leaned his bike against some freestanding monkey bars and walked toward the main play area . 
 there was still dew on the grass and it collected on his sneakers , threatening to soak through . 
 he reached down to pick up a dandelion , when he heard a familiar voice . 
 `` greg ! 
 where is your mitt ? '' 
 a boy of the same age yelled , walking over to greg from the blacktop behind the pool . 
 greg 's eyes flared wide and his shoulders slumped . 
 he gazed in all directions , but did n't see who he wanted to . 
 `` oh yeah ! 
 i forgot ! '' 
 `` i had two others who said they would start a game with us today . 
 but i think they forgot too , '' zach webber said . 
 he was a few inched taller than greg and had very dark skin despite being solidly caucasian . 
 he wore a backwards hat while he pushed his bike , his glove jammed on one handgrip . 
 `` you guys always forget if i do n't tell you the day before . 
 what are you doing here then , if you forgot , anyway ? '' 
 zach was not greg 's best friend . 
 in school , zach was a little cooler . 
 he was friends with the rough boys who road dirt bikes and had older brothers that all raced . 
 but come summertime , when the others were not around , and since they both lived close to downtown , greg was zach 's go-to friend . 
 `` i , uh , was waiting for someone . 
 we were going to go riding around this morning , '' greg let out . 
 he began tearing out the petals of the flower , not wanting the other boy to guess what he had picked it for . 
 just then , chelsea came walking her bike down the slight hill from the opposite side of the park , and waved to greg . 
 both he and zach noticed this . 
 zach turned back to his embarrassed friend . 
 `` ooooh ! 
 greg and chelsea , sittin ' in a tree ... '' greg kicked zach 's front tire to stop the next line from being said aloud , and the girl came into earshot . 
 `` hi greg , '' she smiled . 
 in that brief instant the twelve-year-old boy forgot that anyone else was in the park . 
 it was a moment that would be tattooed in his memory ; the girl , her long hair , and the timeless and classic feel of summer . 
 `` hi zach . '' 
 `` hey chelsea , '' zach said . 
 she joined the other two and they stood facing each other . 
 `` so , what do you want to do ? '' 
 chelsea asked greg . 
 `` we were going to play some baseball with a couple other guys , '' zach said , `` but it looks like everyone bailed . '' 
 `` oh yeah ? 
 so are you going to come riding with us then ? '' 
 `` sounds like fun , '' zach said to greg . 
 `` so where do you guys want to go ? '' 
 `` i figured we could go over to the fair grounds and check out the pond . 
 i 've got a little rod hidden in the blackberry bushes over there . 
 and my uncle is setting up his horses for the fair next week , '' greg said . 
 `` so we could go play around over there , or i heard about a cool spot over in the empire mine park . '' 
 `` that sounds fun , '' chelsea agreed . 
 zach nodded . 
 `` but next week , its baseball for sure . 
 you have to help me get a bunch more people to play . '' 
 greg ignored zach , happy just to be starting the day . 
 he ran back and grabbed his bike , racing to catch up with the other two as they took off in the direction of the fairgrounds . 
 the sun became more intense as they reached the fairgrounds . 
 they cruised in one of the back gates reserved for trucks pulling trailers full of livestock . 
 greg shouted to the gate attendant that they were only going to the pond , and the old man wearing a black windbreaker and korean war veteran hat waived them through , knowing there was no point in protesting anyway . 
 the pond was not far from the gate , and the three dumped their bikes in the dust . 
 greg went in search of his stashed rod . 
 he came back from a nearby blackberry thicket with a button caster and a beat up styrofoam cup full of rich back dirt . 
 `` i had these worms left over from a couple days ago . 
 i hope they are still alive ... '' `` do n't you have to have a fishing license , or something ? '' 
 zach said , standing back slightly with his hands in his pockets while greg and chelsea picked through the dirt for bait . 
 `` naw , not if you are twelve and under , i think , '' greg said , pleased to be shoulder to shoulder with the girl who was slightly taller than him . 
 `` ooh ! 
 i got one , '' chelsea exclaimed and came up with a worm . 
 `` these guys are the best bait , i think . 
 the fish just love 'em . '' 
 in reality , chelsea had about as much experience fishing as zach , but she did n't let on . 
 when you are twelve , being professional at things was easy . 
 you just had to believe in yourself and everyone else would too . 
 the two fishermen impaled the worm on the hook while zach grimaced in the background . 
 greg handed the rod over to chelsea and she attempted a mighty cast . 
 for the next hour , the three laughed and joked , squealed and yelled as they tried to catch a fish . 
 they ran around to different sides of the small pond , coming up with reasons why each new spot was now going to be the best for catching fish . 
 after a couple bites and loosing their second worm , the short attention span of the children won out and the novelty of fishing was over . 
 greg re-hid his pole and the nearly expended cup of bait worms and the group took off to walk through the paddocks of the fairgrounds . 
 greg 's uncle was nowhere to be found , but his horses were . 
 the children climbed half way up the fence and pet the nose of the large brown horse that thought there might be a treat involved . 
 when none came , he wandered out of reach and the three moved on . 
 `` so , what do you guys think ? 
 i 'm bored . 
 you wan na go ? '' 
 zach said . 
 `` yeah , i can show you guys that spot over in empire mine i was talking about ! '' 
 `` let 's go ! '' 
 chelsea said , and they got on their bikes . 
 the three exited out of the east entrance , zach leading , followed by chelsea and greg . 
 they went down the hill on mccourtney road toward the highway . 
 they had not a care in the world as they coasted down towards their fate on that warm summer day . 
 it happened very slowly , as if it could have been avoided , but the car connecting with the transient was heavy and forceful , as was the mental impact on the three youths who had a perfect view of the accident . 
 they all jammed back on their pedals , breaking their bikes harshly as they came to a stop . 
 the loosely clothed individual was knocked like a billiards ball , skimming across the ground and onto the pine needle covered corner of the intersection of mccourtney and mill street . 
 the fully loaded shopping cart the man was pushing continued to roll , unharmed , down hill as the white four-door hammer came to a stop for a moment , and then sped away . 
 the three witnesses stood over their bikes in shock at the aftermath of the violence . 
 greg was the first to snap out of the fright and ran over to the downed man . 
 zach and chelsea followed greg over to the man 's side . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 greg said in terror , looking at the heap of dirty clothes that looked far too warm to be wearing on this hot day . 
 a car stopped in the middle of the intersection and the driver shouted questions to the children while reporting to the 911 dispatcher on the other end of their cell phone . 
 greg did not notice . 
 the homeless man rolled supine with his dead weight and looked up at the little boy standing over him . 
 the man could have been handsome if it was n't for his receding hair and dirty unkempt beard . 
 blood was running from his ears and mouth . 
 chelsea began to sob . 
 greg was more scared than he had ever been in his life , when the man pulled a small book from the depths of his rags . 
 he pushed the book at greg , who had no choice but to take it , and whispered his last words . 
 `` the prime numbers ... a map of my treasure ... '' sirens wailed from a distance away and the man closed his eyes . 
 greg 's lower lip trembled and the three backed away . 
 they sat down on the curb near where they dropped their bikes . 
 chelsea continued to cry . 
 greg held on to her , trying not to cry himself . 
 zach sat like stone , his own eyes wet , watching the scene in front of them unfold . 
 there was a yellow sheet over the body by the time the highway patrolman finished interviewing the three small witnesses . 
 greg told everything he saw , but left out the part about the booklet , which he had jammed in his waistband . 
 they were all in shock , and once they were no longer needed , they walked their bikes away from the scene of the accident , up mill street , towards old town . 
 they had to pass the body , and greg could not bring himself to look at the yellow sheet until he was nearly past . 
 chelsea would not stop crying , so zach made their destination the public library , where they could sit in the shade under the trees behind the building . 
 a librarian , all the children knew , ms. robinson , was out back having a cigarette , when the upset children dropped their bikes . 
 they plopped themselves down at the base of a large boxelder . 
 she snubbed out her cigarette and walked over inquisitively . 
 `` hey guys , what 's wrong ? '' 
 this time zach spilled the story , leaving the librarian visibly saddened for what the children had seen . 
 she bent down and comforted the little girl and asked if she could call anyone 's parents . 
 `` that 's just terrible , '' she said . 
 `` that 's okay , '' chelsea said , sniffling and wiping away her tears . 
 she seemed to be doing better , and asked greg , `` what did that guy give you anyway . '' 
 greg looked up at ms. robinson , and figuring he was in good company , pulled the book from under his shirt . 
 he handed it over to her , who better to tell them what he had been given than a librarian , and said , `` he gave this to me before he ... closed his eyes . 
 he said something about treasure and prime numbers . 
 what are prime numbers ? '' 
 he asked the woman . 
 flipping though the book , she answered . 
 `` they have n't taught you prime numbers yet , in school ? 
 they are numbers that are not divisible except by one and themselves . 
 it looks like he drew a map on the prime numbered pages . '' 
 she knelt down and showed the children what she had found in the book . 
 the intrigue created by this new information further helped to snap the three out of their current mood as they crowded around to get a view of the pages . 
 `` maybe we should cut the pages out and tape them together to make a big map ! '' 
 zach said . 
 considering the possibility of ruining the artifact he had just be entrusted with , greg finally agreed after a supportive nod from chelsea . 
 `` why do n't you come inside ? 
 we have scissors and tape you can use in the library , '' ms. robinson said , genuinely interested in what the children had been given . 
 the three agreed , dusted themselves off , moved their bikes to a place they would n't get stolen , and went inside the old whitewashed building . 
 the corners of the pages of the booklet had common symbols on them , and when the prime numbered pages were cut out -lrb- the first three pages were only front sided -rrb- the symbols could be matched at the corners and the map was formed . 
 nine pages put together made a series of hand drawn maps showing three different locations with three x 's and a brief blurb giving specifics . 
 the librarian was especially flummoxed by the map , as the pages seemed to be drawn independently of each other , but still formed a cohesive single document spanning a single sheet . 
 the kids seemed to have forgotten the whole traumatizing incident that had brought them the map . 
 they launched right into taping the pieces together without considering any deeper issues that might give an adult reason for reflection . 
 the librarian on the other hand , did have these thoughts and decided that more than likely , this was an innocuous treasure hunt , especially since only one x seemed to be located in town . 
 she gave the children her blessing save one piece of advice . 
 `` now , if you do find anything , remember that it would be the right thing to do to turn it into the police first . 
 then , should they allow you to keep whatever it may be , it will be yours legally . '' 
 the children agreed , along with a promise to first tell their parents what they were up to , and left the grass valley public library . 
 `` we are not actually going to tell our parents what we are doing , are we ? '' 
 zach asked . 
 `` no way ! 
 my mother would never let me go ! '' 
 chelsea said . 
 `` and mine is at work , so i could n't ask her anyway , '' greg said . 
 so , with that agreement , they were off on their treasure hunt . 
 the map , that they had studied , contained three different locations of treasures . 
 two of the places on the map were labeled silver city and lone pine . 
 none of the three knew those two locations , so they went after the x in their own town . 
 it was located not far from them , in a place they knew , in fact . 
 three little tear marks set just down the road from the high school , and up a main road from where they were at , marked a small reservoir hidden in the middle of the town . 
 the x was on a creek that led into the ponds . 
 the note about this treasure said it was under a rock that was covered by a tree branch . 
 the three raced up the road and circumnavigated the reservoir , going down a side street full of houses that dead-ended against the greenspace . 
 they again laid their bikes aside and picked their way through a mound of blackberries and onto the bank of the creek . 
 the area was far from natural , fences backed up to the blackberry bush infested area , with trash and broken bottles intermittently strewn about . 
 this was a hobo paradise , and in evidence was a moldy mattress dumped halfway into the thorny vines . 
 the children moved toward the ponds until they spied on the far bank , the landmark described on the map . 
 the sense of elation was immediate and the three jumped to the opposite side of the creek . 
 they all tried hard to keep their glee to themselves as to not alert anyone in the area . 
 the account on the map was word for word for as how the children would have described the place . 
 atop a pad of concrete sat a boulder the size of a small wrecking ball , with a thin tree branch growing horizontal out over the top of the stone to reach the sunlight available over the creek . 
 greg grabbed the branch and lifted with all his might . 
 the branch lazily took its undulating weight off the stone while chelsea and zach pushed with all their weight . 
 feet slipped on gravel and tore at weeds , but the stone rolled and a black hole was uncovered . 
 greg looked to chelsea and zach , and each back to the other . 
 finally greg knelt to the hole unsure of what he would find . 
 the bronze coin it was three o'clock in the afternoon when peter saw his brother for the second time that day . 
 he had an hour left on his shift at the gas station and the beautiful day had just absolutely crawled by . 
 there were only so many hours of shows about physics he could watch in one day ... this time his brother came around , he was dragging his old red wagon and accompanied by two friends . 
 he grinned at them as they came in , hopeful of the distraction they may provide for the last minutes of his workday . 
 the front bell dinged as the three youths dragged the wagon with them into the small convince store . 
 the sight of three backpacks sitting upright in the wagon prompted his first question . 
 `` what have you guys got there ? '' 
 peter thompson asked . 
 the three glanced down at their last years ' school backpacks sitting stuffed full in the wagon . 
 all eyes then rested on greg . 
 the shaggy blond boy took the lead with his brother . 
 `` we need some advice . 
 mizz robinson over at the library told us we should turn this stuff over to the cops , but we wanted to know what you think first ... '' peter 's eyes narrowed as he came around the counter and went for the bags . 
 `` and you are the smartest guy i know that is n't an adult ... '' the girl 's backpack was unzipped first , revealing the most extraordinary thing . 
 peter paused and looked up at the kids and then peaked in the other two bags . 
 they were full of a modern day pirate 's booty : jewelry , coins , velvet pouches full of cut stones , and tons of canadian currency . 
 `` what ... where did you get this ?! '' 
 `` i know , there must be a thousand million dollars in there , '' the taller , dark skinned kid said . 
 `` it 's money from canada . '' 
 `` i can see that , '' peter said , flipping through a stack . 
 `` like i said , where did all this come from ? '' 
 `` we saw a man die today , '' the girl said . 
 peter thought she looked familiar and recognized her as a donavan . 
 peter knew of her older sister , who was a year behind him in school . 
 `` he gave greg a book with a map in it and it lead us to his buried treasure . '' 
 `` a guy ? 
 what guy ? 
 here in town ? '' 
 `` yeah , this morning at about ten . 
 we were leaving the fairgrounds and this car hit him and just drove off . 
 he was homeless or something . 
 i do n't now why with all this money ... '' greg said . 
 `` and the librarian told you to turn it in ? 
 have you shown anyone else ? '' 
 peter asked . 
 `` no , she just knew we found the map , '' zach said . 
 `` we have n't shown anyone but you , yet . '' 
 `` and i did n't tell the cops about the book when they came , '' greg said , catching on to the line of questioning . 
 he trusted his big brother , who could be a bit cocky , but who would never steal from his little brother . 
 `` then do n't give it to the cops . 
 if you do , you will never see it again . 
 they will hang on to it forever , making sure it was n't from a bank robbery or something . '' 
 peter eyed a large bronze , tarnished coin on the top of one of the bag . 
 he fished it out . 
 `` it looks like you have it pretty evenly distributed out . 
 i say you guys hang on to it and do n't tell anyone . 
 hide it somewhere yourselves and when you get older you can trade it for american cash . 
 you could pay for your college with all that . 
 i bet there is more like a hundred thousand between all these bags . 
 plus everything else ... '' the three kids eyes lit up at hearing there was another option , one they rather liked now that it was said . 
 they jumped on their bags , zipping them up so none else would see . 
 peter had one more thing to say . 
 `` but , you guys are going to have to keep this a secret for it to work . 
 if one of you gets discovered , they ca n't let on that anyone else has something like they do , or it will get taken away . '' 
 everyone nodded and he continued . 
 `` so , for my advice and silence , i 'm taking this coin as payment . '' 
 `` i 'm okay with that , it was in my bag anyway , '' greg said , taking the handle and leading it out of the store . 
 the other two followed . 
 peter could hear them scheming where it was that they would hide their part of the loot . 
 they exited the store and peter chuckled to himself hearing mention of a tree fort as a possible hiding place . 
 hopefully his brother would veto that dumb idea . 
 he looked down at his coin . 
 he he made a good selection , he thought , looking at the foreign writing on the thick bit of metal . 
 a woman 's profile was on the front and an hourglass was on the back . 
 the edges were worn and it was obviously old . 
 it may be worth more than a stack of money that he was sure he could have gotten away with . 
 at least it might make a good flipping coin . 
 he would have to flip it ten times to make sure it was properly balanced and not biased to one decision over another ... at fifteen past three , on a thursday in august , peter thompson , a gas station attendant from grass valley , flipped a time coin and disappeared from where he stood . 
 he was unaware he had stepped out of time until he was told . 
 upon reaching the zenith of its flipping motion , the coin froze in mid air and peter found himself standing in a sphere of oily-white light . 
 the service station was gone ; the only thing that existed in his world was himself and the coin . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 peter was bewildered . 
 `` you have activated this travel device , '' a sweet female voice said to the young man . 
 `` please state where in time and or space you would like to go . '' 
 `` time or space ? '' 
 the reality had not yet sunken in . 
 `` yes . 
 this unit is limited to the planet earth , and a span of 4,500 years . 
 please state your destination . '' 
 peter looked around the bubble he was in and said the first thing that came into his mind . 
 `` take me back , now ! '' 
 greg and his friends had walked across the pump area and headed back up the hill to the thompson household , where no one would be home for at least another hour . 
 they had plans to make and needed to get off the street with the backpacks full of money . 
 he gave one last look at his brother and watched him flip the big coin into the air and catch it with his flipping hand . 
 peter stared off into space after the catch . 
 greg turned back with his friends . 
 it was the last time he would see his brother until they were both old men . 
 peters mind raced upon finding himself back where he was a moment before . 
 a time machine ? 
 well , not a machine exactly ... a device ? 
 that is what it had said . 
 he opened his palm and looked down at the thing he held in his hand . 
 peter thompson wondered if he had just had a stroke , or something . 
 his brother had just walked out of sight and so he flipped the coin again . 
 `` you have activated this travel device , '' a sweet female voice said , once again . 
 `` please state where in time and or space you would like to go . '' 
 `` the first super bowl . 
 the packers win ... but i ca n't remember what year , '' peter said searching his mind for more specifics . 
 `` january 15th , 1967 , '' the voice spoke . 
 `` los angeles memorial coliseum , los angeles , california . 
 united states , north america . '' 
 `` yeah , '' peter said , amazed . 
 `` that 's the one . '' 
 `` the game begins at 1:15 pacific standard time . 
 would you like an insertion suggestion ? '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` i can place you in an unused men 's bathroom stall at two minutes forty seconds before the beginning of the game . 
 is this acceptable ? '' 
 the voice said . 
 `` yes , '' peter said firmly , pulse jumping and hands shaking . 
 `` you will be placed in five seconds . 
 please remember the hopper rules for device activations . '' 
 peter furrowed his brow , but before he could ask , his white bubble of a surrounding was gone . 
 he was left starting at a porcelain toilet on a concrete floor . 
 he caught the coin as it fell . 
 was he really at the very first super bowl ? 
 peter had been a life long packers fan and had watched re-runs of the first nfl championship on tv . 
 but never had he even fathomed that he would find a time machine to take him back to see it . 
 time device ! 
 the coin was in his hand and it still looked innocuous enough . 
 he jammed it into his pocket and ventured out of the stall . 
 he was still wearing his bowling style work shirt , and suddenly felt out of place in the bathroom full of men wearing clothes from 1967 . 
 to his relief , no one seemed to look at him any different . 
 in fact a big man in front of him ushered him out of his stall muttering about how he was going to miss kick-off . 
 the first super bowl ! 
 the largest smile grew on his face as he walked out of the men 's bathroom at the la coliseum . 
 vince lombardy ... ! 
 peter 's mind jumped . 
 peter went back into the stall , several hours later , and activated his device . 
 he had no idea about the rules he was told to remember , but he figured it had to be something about not being seen . 
 or was it that he must use the same place out that he took in ? 
 oh well , he was flying too high to care . 
 the game had been amazing . 
 even though he knew the outcome , he was still swept up in the moment . 
 he had been so caught up , in fact , that he had not even thought about where he wanted to go next . 
 he was sure as hell not going home ! 
 no time for that , he chuckled ironically to himself . 
 he was back outside of time , and now he had to think . 
 where to go ? 
 anywhere ! 
 and then it came to him . 
 he had been watching the shows about the universe all day . 
 the device had said he was restricted to this planet , unfortunately , but london was on this planet ! 
 stephen hawking ! 
 on one of the episodes he had watched that day , the physicist had left an open invitation to time travelers from the future -lrb- obviously as no one from the past would know about the invitation -rrb- to meet on a specific date in london for a party . 
 he remembered that they hung a banner and everything ! 
 but , as any reasonable person who had not discovered a time device would expect , no one showed . 
 well , he was about to blow that guys mind ! 
 `` i want to go to london , to stephen hawking 's party for time travelers . 
 it was sometime in 2009 . 
 do you have the specifics on that one ? '' 
 `` june 28th , 2009 . 
 gonville and caius college , trinity street , cambridge , england . 
 united kingdom , europe . '' 
 `` excellent ! '' 
 `` the event in question occurs at 12:00 universal time , in a private banquet room . 
 may i suggest an insertion point ? '' 
 `` go ahead , '' peter smiled and nodded his head . 
 `` the alley beside the michael house cafe , directly across the street from the building in question , three minutes , five seconds until twelve . 
 is this acceptable ? '' 
 `` this coin is good ! 
 it is , take me there ! '' 
 `` you will be placed in five seconds , '' the voice said . 
 no rule warning ? 
 peter thought and was gone . 
 fifty feet down the ally beside the cafe that was previously mentioned , peter popped into existence and caught the falling coin . 
 in front of him was a bustling outdoor sitting area , full of people . 
 his eyes went wide and he hoped no one saw him , but they all had . 
 everyone was looking right at him . 
 he heard and felt a strange noise behind him . 
 reflexively he turned to look . 
 a large figure in a black suit and the head of a reptile was on top of him before he could make another move . 
 inside a sudden iron grip , peter , the foolish time traveler , was apprehended . 
 the lizard-man disappeared out of existence , taking peter with him . 
 the crowd sitting outside the cafe , turned right back on their natural activity , the moment the trap had succeeded . 
 they had seen the apprehension they had known would occur , and had come to see . 
 stephen hawking remained the only person at his party . 
 the supervisor the pair saw it happen out of the corner of their eye and kept on walking . 
 the cafe was suddenly abuzz , and then went quite . 
 some action happened in the space between the buildings and then it snapped back to the normal it had been the moment before . 
 the taller man , in a grey three-piece suit made a small motion to keep the younger , and shorter man , from showing any signs of interest . 
 the dark haired man in the grey suit looked to be middle aged . 
 the younger could have been in his thirties , but still kept a boyish face . 
 they kept on walking south on trinity street . 
 they walked , but not unnoticed . 
 a black woman with medium length ringlets watched them pass with only her eyes . 
 she waited a moment as they continued on their way , waited for another event to be observed , and then departed with the rest of the cafe customers who left in small spurts . 
 the show was over . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 vega asked . 
 `` time tourists , '' aros said . 
 `` they are nothing to be concerned over , but when you see them , its best to beware . '' 
 `` they go to interesting points in time and watch like tourists ? 
 how does that work ? '' 
 `` in earth 's future , when time travel has been commercialized for the select rich and privileged , they send people back to watch events . 
 i even think some of them have the means to record the event firsthand to place in archives . 
 they do n't make many mistakes because time is on their side . 
 there are rules governing all this . 
 i do n't understand it all , but time is tricky . 
 tourists do n't interact with anyone other than their group to avoid people from other times . 
 `` but no system is perfect , and when the means of travel are lost they set up traps to catch unauthorized tourists . 
 that must have been one , '' aros said . 
 `` so its best to avoid them ... '' `` yes , but when you see them it can mean something important is about to happen , or you have not stayed out of the spotlight well enough . 
 i ca n't say that i have ever noticed them watching me when i was in this version of earth . '' 
 `` others , then ? '' 
 `` well , '' aros said , `` time works different on different levels , as far as i have seen . 
 in this version , tourists exist as a result . 
 it can be a gauge of which version you are in : alternate timelines , changeability , resistant changeability , uni-directionality ... but that only goes so far . 
 it makes me think ... '' they turned right on the tan cobble stone pavement of the senate house passage . 
 the sky was covered in grey clouds and the ground was wet from a recent rain . 
 the two men 's footfalls echoed off of the walls of the surrounding buildings . 
 `` i think we are being followed , '' vega said . 
 aros nodded and walked a distance further and took up position against the corner of a building , next to a wrought iron fence that spanned the distance until the next building . 
 aros leaned back casually , with the top of his back and one foot resting against the wall , hands in coat pocket . 
 vega stood with legs shoulder width apart , facing the direction of the trailing tourist . 
 the passageway was not very crowded as the dark woman walked up to the awaiting pair . 
 she spoke to aros with a smile on her face that gave away not a hint of secondary communication . 
 `` will you tell me what she is saying ? '' 
 vega said . 
 `` that is what they want , '' aros said , code switching between the two languages that vega could speak . 
 `` they would love a recording to analyze my translation of the conversation . '' 
 vega looked around , startled to see another person watching them from a nearby window and another two watching from opposite rooftops . 
 vega was shocked by the seemingly sudden arrival of the people who blended in so seamlessly with the local population . 
 `` you are the enigma , '' the woman spoke in a precise british accent . 
 aros kept his careless pose and answered with matching enunciation . 
 `` why , thank you . '' 
 `` we know very little about you , and it was only by chance that i recognized you back there . 
 may i speak with you ? 
 we have a suspicion that you know things about the universe that even we do not . '' 
 the woman was interrupted by a brief exchange between the two men , but smiled as they finished . 
 `` what is it you want from me ? '' 
 aros said once he and vega had finished . 
 `` what is the name of your friend ? 
 should you not share with him what we talk about ? '' 
 `` no , he will be fine , '' aros smiled back . 
 a passerby came down the passage , carrying an umbrella . 
 the woman stopped to look at aros 's female companion and mouthed a short message . 
 vega could not help but notice that the newcomer and their tail were one in the same , a message from herself from a future time . 
 `` ahh ... it seems you almost made a mistake , '' aros pointed out . 
 `` not a mistake , just a hint . 
 where were we ? 
 if not your companions ' name , may i know yours ? 
 i am a supervisor of the tourists . 
 my name is shana . '' 
 `` greetings , shana . 
 i may give you mine , but i have a request of my own . 
 perhaps a trade ? '' 
 vega could barely contain himself . 
 after seeing a woman walk up to her past self and the arrival of another pair of tourists down the passage , he was becoming quite nervous . 
 this was getting out of control , and aros remained leaning and smiling . 
 `` i thought you said less interaction was better . 
 i feel like you are about to make a decision that will get us noticed , '' he hissed . 
 `` it appears they have heard of me anyway . 
 since our last attempt failed , this may be another way to keep moving . 
 let me see what i can coax from them . '' 
 `` my friend and i need to get back in time . 
 one hundred and nine years . 
 this place in space will do , '' aros said . 
 `` letting us transport you would be a larger concession than knowing your name , '' the supervisor smiled . 
 `` what is it in the year 1900 that you are seeking , if i may ask . '' 
 aros stayed tight-lipped , until shana rephrased her question . 
 `` in fact i must know the nature , to be blunt . 
 there are systems in place to prevent mistakes , as you saw back there . '' 
 `` i seek to purchase a crystal egg in london at a shop near seven dials . '' 
 the supervisor cocked her head slightly as if searching her memory , wrinkled her nose , and lifter her left hand to look at her wristwatch . 
 after a moment of intense counsel with the innocuous looking device , she looked back at the man in grey . 
 `` will your friend be coming ? '' 
 `` naturally . '' 
 she glanced at the timepiece again , and then back to vega . 
 `` well , i think he is better looking than the blonde clones ... '' the smile slid from aros 's face . 
 vega became truly worried at the look on his friends face , still not fully understanding much of the content of the conversation . 
 `` see , not a mistake , just saving a part of the exchange for later . 
 we can go as soon as you fulfill your end of the bargain , '' the supervisor said , holding out her hand . 
 speaking a single word , aros bid vega to place a hand on his shoulder . 
 `` aros . '' 
 `` ahh , '' shana said , after confirming with her watch , `` aros the enigma . 
 well , are you ready to go ? '' 
 he gave no verbal response , but took her hand and they were gone . 
 the tourists at the windows , on the roofs , and down the path all dispersed as well . 
 cambridge went back about its business that june afternoon . 
 blackheart his feet were raw and soft from being wet so long , but he trudged on . 
 the base of the mountains had come into sight , hazy , yet visible now at the furthest distance he could see . 
 there were no breaks in the shin deep water that stretched before him . 
 each step over the smooth oblong stones that were submerged below the blanket of water was an effort , but one well worth it . 
 in the mountains was his chance to earn a name . 
 as he walked , he held onto the bandolier hung over one shoulder . 
 in the pockets were two weapons and a small bit of food . 
 he had been walking for half a day and a full night ; first over dry land and then in the middle of the night he reached the water . 
 the shallow ocean was not a surprise to him . 
 he was told it would be the last obstacle between him and the land that reached up into the constant cloud covered sky . 
 his people did not come from mountains . 
 they lived along rivers , and islands or caves that ran through the earth . 
 steep land was the home to the great beasts , and was only used for pilgrimages . 
 the mountains extended up past the low layer of grey clouds and from them , he was told , you could see the true sky beyond . 
 and now it was his turn . 
 the nameless one worked his way across the great distance and would find his fate in the mountains . 
 only the sound of his wrapped feet breaking the surface of the water was to be heard . 
 it was the only thing that reminded him that he was still moving . 
 the scenery looked all the same and the mountains drew closer at too slow of a pace to account for . 
 the splashing of his feet ... the first step onto dry ground was painful . 
 too long had they been waterlogged beneath him . 
 he looked up into the hills and let out a deep breath . 
 he would need to stop before he finished his task . 
 the rags were removed and draped across a stone to dry . 
 i will leave them here , he thought . 
 i can get them on my way back . 
 his people rarely protected their feet . 
 he had grown up on a river and used canoes to go long distances . 
 it was a shame the water was not deep enough for a canoe ... leaving his feet to dry and pointed uphill , the boy in dark clothes slept ; exhausted from the distance he had come . 
 it was the first time he had gotten to close his eyes since he has set out ... all the men whore the dark amber stones around their necks . 
 some wrapped theirs in the same fine leather that the stones dangled from , while others kept theirs in pouches , and away from common view . 
 it was becoming popular for the new men to make metal claws that held the smooth stones in their grasp , and then it was worn around ones neck . 
 how would he wear his ? 
 in a small pouch , like the old way perhaps ... he awoke and the sky was still grey . 
 now , i will go and see what is above you , he said to the clouds . 
 his feet were dry and solid again . 
 much of the swelling from the walking had gone down as well . 
 it was time to move . 
 the day would not wait for him and his name beckoned . 
 so up the hill he went . 
 the path was dusty and he saw no tracks . 
 in one hand he held a fist sized stone , and in the other the cord from which the weight could be swung . 
 he twirled it occasionally to make sure he still knew the load . 
 he was in the clouds now ; the luminous fog blanketed the area , allowing him to see only fifty feet in all directions . 
 the ground was made up of packed orange dirt and a subsequent powder that spread across the landscape . 
 small pine trees that grew no more than waist high created a maze that had to be navigated on the way to the summit . 
 the only sound was the rhythmic pattering of his feet ... he felt like a giant treading among the small pines along the gradual slope of the mountain . 
 his feet continued to slap the solid ground , crunching slightly as they sent up small puffs of dirt . 
 he set his gaze in front of himself and plodded his way along the landscape that was void of vegetation , except for the trees . 
 how long would this take ? 
 he walked like this for a long distance , until the ground began to level out and he wondered how high up the mountain he had come . 
 the subtle change in the sound of his footsteps came to the forefront of his mind and his heart rate accelerated beyond what he ever anticipated . 
 how long has this been going on and i have not noticed ? 
 he kept his gaze fixed forward continued to walk . 
 the only sound was the slapping of his feet , and now possibly another pair matching his own ... through his fingers he let the weighted cord fall , the striking ball hang free . 
 he took a breath , a normal breath in reality , but to him it felt like the slowest he had taken in his life . 
 at the peak of the breath he moved . 
 in a fluid motion , he dropped his non-dominate knee and turned on the ball of his lead foot , making it the trail base . 
 with the hand holding the end of the looped cord he struck out at the towering dark beast trailing behind him . 
 the sudden turn added to the centrifugal force that both surprised the black , stinking creature and sent the accelerating mass into the side of its relatively small head . 
 in one move , the beast was taken down , letting loose one final cry . 
 the nameless one stood in shock as the dust settled around the black haired monster that walked on its rear legs . 
 he had only ever seen crude representations , that were usually quite abstract , painted by men who had came back from their name-quest . 
 this was real . 
 this was nothing like the tales told around the fire to scare the young boys before their time . 
 it had the head of a dog , and the body of a bear , but it was much larger and the fur was very long ; matted in some places . 
 coming to his senses , a short bladed knife was drawn from the bandolier and the kill was made certain . 
 so close to a name , the young man looked around to make sure he was alone , and cut into the chest of the beast . 
 the smell was awful . 
 it seemed to be coming from a scent gland on the belly and coated the fur around the area . 
 the smell was coating the inside of his nose and making him nauseous , but he kept on with his task . 
 the blood from the creature was black and sticky and the heart did not free itself easily from the beast 's chest . 
 finally it was free , and the young man held his name in his hand , letting the blood drain onto the ground . 
 with a final look at the beast , he walked away , back down the mountain holding the heart in one hand , forgetting all about seeing the sky . 
 this time he moved with intent , not allowing himself to be stocked again . 
 he clamored down the last stretch to where he had left his feet wrappings and set the black heart on the rock beside them . 
 from around the slope , dried grass and sticks were gathered and placed near the makeshift camp . 
 once enough fuel was gathered , the proper stone was selected and the spine of the knife was scraped across it . 
 on the third attempt , a spark caught the tinder and smoke heralded tiny flames . 
 the heart was of a good size , and would make a medium length name . 
 it made the young man smile as he squeezed at the cartilage-tough organ to purge the remaining blood . 
 once the fire grew to a large enough size , the heart was placed on the pyre . 
 the heat boiled off the remaining blood and the heart began to melt in on itself . 
 smaller and smaller it grew until it was an oblong lump sitting in the coals . 
 the nameless youth could barely contain his long awaited curiosity . 
 he fished the burnt gem from the fire and brought it to the water 's edge . 
 he washed the stone and rubbed it free of soot . 
 holding it to the light , he could see the tiny imperfection of bubbles trapped in the stone . 
 sectioning the stone off and allocating the dots of bubbles to letters , he read his name for the first time . 
 four consonants were left for him in his peoples writing , and he would add the vowels . 
 `` seprig . '' 
 seprig smiled and was content at his name . 
 he had come a long way and not imagined the way back would be easier now that he had come this far . 
 he took a deep breath and prepared to take to his feet . 
 above the clouds , a deep roar pounded the ground below . 
 seprig clutched his name stone in his hand and looked to the heavens . 
 off in the distance , well over the shallow sea , a thing like none on this world had ever seen , descended through the clouds . 
 shaped like a huge arrowhead and with yellow lightning crackling from the back and bottom , the spacecraft dipped below the clouds and made its way in the direction of seprig 's home . 
 having no idea what he was seeing , seprig tied on his foot cloths and splashed into the water and went in pursuit of the flying mountain he had just seen drop down from the heavens . 
 a deep dive the view from the top of the cliff , of the body plunging down through the sky , was a sight quinn would never forget . 
 the splash was almost too small to see , and the dark silhouette against the deep blue sea made tracking the impact even more difficult . 
 tracing the direction of the fall , there were no airplanes , anywhere in that corner of the sky . 
 in fact , there was no logical place the falling body could have come from . 
 unless it was an astronaut or a rocket-man ... divemaster quinn cray always gave a solid briefing before each dive he led . 
 he had dove with the french geologist , marco , a few times before and trusted his abilities , but of his two friends he was skeptical . 
 `` tell me about your diving capability , '' quinn said to the two canadian women on the drive over to portrush . 
 `` well , '' alyssa said , `` hanna and i were both certified in belize two years ago , and we try to go whenever we get a chance . 
 we did some islands in southern california last year with marco . '' 
 `` what was the water temperature like out there ? 
 i have never been to the states . '' 
 `` it 's in the low twenties , '' hanna answered . 
 she was the thin blonde compared to her shorter , dark haired friend . 
 `` well , here in northern ireland , it is much colder . 
 you did say it was your first time wearing dry suits ? '' 
 quinn said , keeping his eyes on the road while his passengers sat behind him in the small van . 
 `` yes . 
 i 'm pretty excited to see what it will be like . 
 we got the little class back at the dive shop , but i 'm still not totally convinced i wo n't break a seal and get soaked ! '' 
 hanna said . 
 `` i thought the same thing when i first started diving here , '' marco said in his thick french accent . 
 `` as long as you are gentle getting everything on , we will be dry . '' 
 quinn pulled off the main road , down a pair of ruts toward the ocean . 
 castlerock was an intermediate site that he had dove twice before , and figured it would be a good spot to take his group . 
 quinn was employed by his home shop as a small group guide , and he had the pleasure of taking experienced visiting divers to see the wreck-laden coast of the atlantic , when he was not assisting with training . 
 this was how he made extra money on the weekends , when he was not working as a janitor . 
 they unloaded the van after checking out the shore conditions and got into their dry suit undergarments . 
 around the back of the van the group gathered and quinn got into his brief . 
 `` the name of this site is castlerock . 
 we will be walking down that staircase and making our entry across the rocks . 
 it is important to keep your balance and take it slow . 
 select your foot placement carefully and when a wave comes in , bend your knees and move again when you are ready . 
 we will put our fins on once we get to about waist depth and then start our swim out . 
 the area is covered in kelp and sea grass , but we should avoid most of it as long as we follow a sand channel away from shore . 
 `` water temperature is forecasted to be around twelve degrees , so stick your face in before you start out , so you are not shocked by a unexpected splash while swimming . 
 once out to a good depth , we will drop down and go out for our tour . 
 we can run a big triangle from our starting point , to get a good go round of the place . 
 i will let you know each turn , but each of you must signal me when you reach the air allotted turns . '' 
 `` what do each of yer tanks pressure read ? '' 
 quinn asked . 
 `` i have 210 bars , '' marco read off his gauge . 
 `` 208 , '' came from alyssa . 
 `` me too , '' hanna said . 
 `` right , so we want at least fifty left over when it is time to come up . 
 call it one hundred fifty bar of usable air once we first go down , and three legs of the triangle . 
 therefore we will make our first turn when the first among us hits 150 . 
 then again at one hundred , and begin our surfacing when we reach fifty . 
 understood ? '' 
 everyone nodded , and quinn finished . 
 `` maximum depth will be twenty-two meters , and some spots go to thirty or deeper , so watch your depth . 
 visibility should be at least 8 meters . 
 there are plenty of skate , dogfish and lobster to see out here , as well as pinnacles that have complete ecosystems ' worth of life crawling on them , so take your time . 
 enjoy the sights . 
 if we have any emergencies , look to me and follow all instructions . '' 
 the group got into their dry suits , being careful to not tear any seals , and donned the rest of their gear . 
 the heavily laden figures looked clumsy on the land as they performed buddy checks and waddled down to the surf . 
 the two teams entered between a set of waves without incident . 
 the girls were enjoying themselves , laughing about the cold and throwing floating chunks of kelp at each other as they followed the men out into deeper water . 
 after a longish swim with their faces in the water and snorkels in their mouth , the group came to a stop around quinn . 
 `` alright , we should be good here , '' quin said , giving the thumbs down and placing his regulator in his mouth . 
 a hiss of air erupted from around his body as he let some of the air from his buoyancy compensator that had been keeping him floating easily on the surface . 
 the other followed suit and they slowly descended like freefalling parachutists into the depths . 
 below the surface , sound becomes meaningless . 
 there is no point in talking , or hearing of laughter , only the cycle of air flowing from the regulator with every inhalation and a torrent of bubbles to complete the phase . 
 hand and body signals are the primary method of communication , while underwater writing slates are reserved for last resorts . 
 the group slowed themselves in the higher pressure depths by incrementally adding air to the insides of their dry suits , reacting early to obtain neutral buoyancy , like a hot-air balloon coming in for a landing . 
 once hovering a few feet from the sandy bottom , quinn asked with his hands if everyone was ready to proceed . 
 after a positive answer from his flock , quinn took a bearing with his compass , confirmed with marco and ushered the group forth . 
 the diving off the atlantic side of northern ireland was fantastic . 
 if one could deal with the cold and sometime rough conditions , it was different side of diving that few tropical resort divers ever venture to see . 
 fields of rocks , serving as anchors for kelp , gave the area the look like an underwater forest with the ` trees ' swaying in the gentle surge . 
 quinn felt completely at home under the water , relaxing into an easy kick cycle . 
 he looked over at the canadian buddy team , who swam in line with him , and watched their air consumption . 
 he could tell by the amount of bubbles being expelled that their breathing rate was a bit faster than his . 
 but that was to be expected . 
 they were in a new environment and the stress level was higher for them . 
 he knew that it would end up being one of the two that reached the remaining air level first , and would prompt the first 120-degree turn . 
 cruising over the rocks like helicopters flying nape-of-the-earth , one of the girls -lrb- the two were nearly indistinguishable from each other in all the dark gear -rrb- signaled that she had reached 150 bar of air remaining in her tank . 
 quinn nodded and rotated the bezel on his wrist compass and chopped a hand in their new direction . 
 the pack turned and set off , kicking with their feet and using their arms only in the event they needed to part kelp strands from their path . 
 reaching one of the promised pinnacles of rock that extended almost to the surface , the divers stopped to change depths and inspect the various aspects of the towering stone . 
 once the girls had lost interest , quinn tapped the geologist on the shoulder and signaled their departure . 
 checking his gauges and being satisfied , quinn took the lead across a wide expanse of sand that separated them from the barely discernable wall of kelp that they would enter following their path . 
 the water brightened as the sun broke through the clouds for a brief moment , and quinn flipped on his back , looking to the surface while he skimmed along the sand . 
 when he turned back over to normal swimming position , his senses were assaulted with unexpected stimuli . 
 in a circle the size of one of the divers , the sand suddenly sunk down into the darkness like a rapidly occurring sinkhole . 
 quinn 's eyes went wide as his brain tried to interpret what he was seeing so close to his face and he was sucked down into the vortex . 
 the divemaster was not the only one to be swallowed up suddenly . 
 marco was taken directly behind his dive partner and another vortex sucked both the girls in . 
 in the expanse of sand , some particles were kicked up making a cloud over the sites where the vortices appeared , but after a few moments , things settled back leaving the area as it had been moments before . 
 quinn was inverted . 
 his legs became filled with the air in his dry suit and he was out of control with his buoyancy . 
 unable to dump the air due to a lack of releases on his legs , quinn went into automatic problem solving mode to correct the potentially life threatening problem of an uncontrolled ascent . 
 he tucked his legs and rolled into a ball , forcing the air into the main body of his suit . 
 he then used his finned feet and arms to upright himself and used the dump valve on his shoulder to stop his gaining positive movement . 
 once he was stopped , he trashed around in the water to orient himself and look for the others . 
 marco was attempting the maneuver he had just completed , but seemed to be having only minor difficulty . 
 this was not his first time in a dry suit and standard training for the equipment always included what to do in the event of air being trapped in a un-dump-able region . 
 looking further for the girls , he finally found them , much further towards the surface than they should have been . 
 it seemed that one had not been able to control her ascent and the other had gone after her . 
 this was not good . 
 quinn looked to marco , who was now under control , pointed to the girls and gave the signal to surface . 
 with a nod , both divers kicked slowly to the surface . 
 deciding to ignore the safety stop for himself in order to more quickly attend to the other two divers , quinn looked to his instruments , before giving instructions to marco . 
 what he saw shocked him . 
 the first thing to jump out at him was the water temperature . 
 for his situation it was not important , but he noticed it nonetheless . 
 twenty-eight degrees ? 
 how had the temp jumped fifteen degrees that quickly ? 
 had they entered a thermocline ? 
 and then the depth ! 
 it was no wonder he had had a brief uncontrolled ascent . 
 he had been in twenty meters of water and now he was in eight ! 
 he could feel the water warm on his face as he signaled to his partner that he should still hover at five meters for three minutes of decompression before surfacing . 
 the sun was too bright as he watched his bubbles grow larger and escape to the surface . 
 he came up beside the girls who were floating life rafts on the small waves . 
 adding air to his suit to keep him afloat , quinn pulled off his mask and checked in on the girls . 
 `` are you alright ? 
 both of you ? '' 
 alyssa was floating on her back with here mask and hood pulled off her head . 
 hanna floated beside her , feet down , mask on her forehead . 
 `` i just shot to the surface ! '' 
 alyssa sobbed . 
 `` i do n't know what happened , i did n't even have a chance to slow down ! '' 
 at least she is talking , quinn thought . 
 that meant she probably did n't have a lung over-expansion injury . 
 hanna was more in shock than her crying friend . 
 she stared blankly at the coastline as she bobbed gently up and down . 
 `` where are we ? 
 that is not our coastline ... '' `` i do n't know ... '' quinn answered , perplexed himself . 
 he was going to have to monitor all of them for decompression sickness . 
 they were done diving for the day , and needed to get to the shore and to a doctor . 
 who knows what had happened to their dive profile ... and the coast ! 
 it was a cliff face of light brown stone ... had an underwater current pulled them ? 
 and why was the water suddenly bath water warm ? 
 they could n't have lost consciousness because he still had almost one hundred bars of air and they were nearing their final turn before ... something ... had happened . 
 quinn took a compass reading for the direction of the cliff and checked the time , storing the information it in his memory . 
 the water around the trio stirred as the bubbles from marco 's safety stop reached the surface . 
 the frenchman surfaced and quinn got the group moving to the cliffs . 
 they had to climb the cliffs , so they left all of their gear but the dry suits they wore down in the water , bc 's inflated and tethered to a line anchored at the cliffs . 
 the way up was moderately difficult for the non-climbers . 
 marco kept commenting about the content of the cliffs and how they were remarkably different from the land they had left . 
 quinn paid little heed and was more concerned by reaching the top and getting some help for his possibly bent divers . 
 reaching the top fixed none of their fears . 
 as far as they could see was a barren rocky landscape stretching until the land became a haze . 
 quinn thrust the implications away and started removing his thermal protection . 
 the others did the same and examined their physical situation . 
 marco felt fine and so did hanna . 
 alyssa complained of a headache and a slight discoloring was found on her chest . 
 quinn knew she was bent , however it was pretty slight . 
 as for himself , he told everyone he felt fine , and even tried to convince himself it was nothing , but the slight twinge of pain in both elbows whenever he moved them said different . 
 quinn plopped down on a rock , looking out at the ocean , and tried to come up with a plan . 
 where the bloody hell were they ? 
 deep down he knew something was very wrong . 
 the water should not have been that warm ! 
 they were not in ireland anymore , and that was the hard fact he had come to . 
 and then he saw the falling man . 
 they all saw it . 
 quinn sat silent while the others whipped themselves into a slight frenzy behind him and did n't quiet down until quinn announced he saw someone . 
 someone was swimming towards them from the open ocean . 
 he approached from a different direction and was on a bearing to hit land a ways up from them , but the groups shouting changed his course . 
 he reached the cliffs at a more difficult place to climb than the group had used , but began to scale the stone at a good pace even so . 
 the group looked down at their visitor and noticed his features . 
 he had close cropped hair ; a bristle of black , even length across his scalp . 
 he had light skin and no clothes to hide this fact . 
 he looked up at them halfway up the cliff , smiled in a somber way and nodded his head to them . 
 the girls noticed this fact and backed away from the cliff to give the man some modesty . 
 quinn stayed to greet their visitor and marco stripped off the shorts he wore under his dry suit undergarments . 
 the man coming up over the edge had a handsome non-descriptive face and was built solid , but slightly lanky . 
 marco threw him his shorts and the man half-bowed to him and pulled them on . 
 now that he was decent , quinn took the lead . 
 `` where did you come from ? 
 we saw you fall through the sky ! '' 
 `` ahh , english ! 
 where are we ? '' 
 the man said , speaking in perfect english , but with an unplaced accent . 
 `` that 's what we 'd like to know too ! '' 
 hanna said . 
 `` did you jump from a plane or something ? 
 how do you not know where we are ? '' 
 `` why were n't you wearing any clothes ? '' 
 alyssa demanded . 
 you could tell she was not feeling well by the sound of her voice . 
 `` we do n't know where this is , '' marco tried to help . 
 `` we were at portrush diving and then here . 
 where do you think we are ? '' 
 `` portrush ? '' 
 the man said . 
 he mimicked the pronunciation of the frenchman . 
 `` northern ireland , '' quinn said . 
 `` earth ? '' 
 `` yes , earth ! '' 
 alyssa said . 
 `` what planet did you come from !? 
 we did n't see any planes , did you jump from space or something ? '' 
 `` like that redbull guy ? '' 
 hanna said to her friend . 
 `` that makes sense . 
 maybe why he had to abandon his space suit ... where are the people that are going to pick you up ? '' 
 `` oh , it 's just me . 
 what year is it , may i ask ? 
 this may sound crazy , but i just want to be sure . 
 it has to be somewhere in the two thousands by the look of your gear . '' 
 now everyone was quiet . 
 they were all perplexed by the strange person that had suddenly appeared to them asking what planet they were on and what year it was . 
 furthermore , his accent seemed to change as everyone continued to talk . 
 at first he sounded like someone from the southern states of america and shifted to a more south african sound . 
 `` twenty fifteen , '' quinn answered quietly . 
 `` and is there a tsar ruling russia ? 
 or another form of government ? '' 
 this prompted glances between the divers . 
 `` i think it 's a capitalist system now ... '' hanna said . 
 `` excelent ! '' 
 the man said . 
 `` and what is your name , friend ? '' 
 quinn said . 
 `` ahh . 
 since you all come from ireland , call me aeongus . '' 
 `` angus ? 
 aye . '' 
 `` so i fell from a the sky , it seems . 
 how did you arrive here from earth ? 
 because this does not look like the northern hemisphere ... '' angus said looking around . 
 the divers told their tale and angus listened . 
 `` we need to get back , directly , '' quinn said in a low voice once their tale had been told . 
 angus took a seat on the rocks next to quinn in contemplation while the others went a small distance inland to scout their surroundings . 
 angus looked at the shorter , thick divemaster and nodded . 
 he has purple eyes ? 
 quinn noticed . 
 `` you are worried about the health of your divers . 
 i understand . 
 sudden pressure changes ... i think the best way to get us all to earth would be back the way you came , '' angus said , `` through those mermaid holes . '' 
 `` mermaid holes ? '' 
 quinn said . 
 `` funny name . 
 but you do n't have any equipment . 
 and i do n't know if we have enough gas left to do that . '' 
 `` you told me yourself that time is of the essence for treating your pressure illness . 
 we have to make it work . 
 finding another way may be possible , but could take a very long time . 
 in my experience , take the way back you know . '' 
 `` in your experience ? '' 
 quinn questioned . 
 angus smiled , but sadness could be seen beneath the expression . 
 the others returned to the cliff 's edge . 
 quinn continued to look at the mysterious man and made up his mind . 
 `` we are going back the way we came , '' quinn announced . 
 `` what about air ? '' 
 marco argued . 
 `` i was quite low once i surfaced . 
 how are we to find that spot and have enough air left for all of us ? 
 and he does not even have a mask ! '' 
 `` that is true , '' quinn said . 
 `` i once tried to make a full dive with no mask and my eyes were ruined for a week . 
 it is impossible in saltwater . 
 you will have to keep them closed . 
 will you be able to dive with us blind ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` we have to do this , '' quinn said to the others . 
 `` try at least . 
 what other choice have we ? 
 i have a reciprocal direction and a time for the swim . 
 i think i can get us close to where we came up . 
 as far as air , this will be the ultimate test for air consumption . 
 we are going to have to buddy breath and even share air . 
 i have more left than all of you , so angus here will accompany me . '' 
 the others were forced to agree . 
 they put back on their dry suits and found their way down the cliff to their gear . 
 quinn continued to prep his divers for the challenge ahead as they recovered their kits and made the swim out . 
 `` watch your gauges closely . 
 calm yourself and take slow normal breaths . 
 when you are out , '' he said , focusing on the two less experienced divers , `` signal to marco or myself . 
 we may end up with thee of us sharing off the final tank . 
 if you reach your final breath , remember your emergency swimming ascent . '' 
 `` and you , '' quinn said to the purple eyed man , `` any experience diving ? '' 
 `` some . 
 different than this , but i know the physics and can handle myself in water . '' 
 quinn nodded . 
 he looks comfortable in the water , so at least there is that . 
 quinn explained to the group how they would proceed to look for the holes once they reach the approximate spot they surfaced from . 
 everyone was nervous , but on board with the plan , putting their faith in the confidence of their divemaster . 
 quinn hoped their faith was well placed as he had doubts they would find what they were after . 
 but what other choice did they have ? 
 the group descended together . 
 angus , eyes closed , gripped quinn 's bc and breathed off his emergency air hose that attached to the single tank . 
 he would be burning through air twice as fast now , but luckily he had extra compared to the others due to his efficient intake rate honed by years of experience . 
 they reached the bottom at a depth of thirteen meters and began the search for the vortices on the sandy , featureless ocean floor . 
 angus was doing amazing as a piggybacking diver with no gear . 
 he had little trouble staying down with no additional weight and did not encumber quinn 's movements as much as the diver expected . 
 after a handful of minutes of searching , quinn began to worry , as no suddenly appearing sinkholes had been found . 
 then , in the soundless world under the sea , a burst of whale like sound came to his waterlogged ears . 
 quinn looked around for a source . 
 he looked to his flock and saw that they had heard the burst of sound as well . 
 and then came another , this time from the body holding on to his gear . 
 angus opened his mouth and emitted a call , nearly matching the first , and then he was finished . 
 eyes closed to the salty water , he waited for a brief response and then slapped his host . 
 pointing in a direction away from the search area , angus motioned they should swim . 
 looking at his remaining air , quinn agreed on a last gamble and lead the group in the advised direction . 
 out of the haze that marked the limit of their visibility under the water , a figure coalesced . 
 when the figure gained more detail , quinn began to shake with excitement . 
 a mermaid , like angus had said ! 
 he had communicated with her ! 
 the two speakers of the underwater tongue communicated briefly again . 
 quinn forgot about the rest of his group , unable to take his eyes from the half-fish maiden . 
 she pointed to a spot near them and angus again slapped quinn 's shoulder . 
 the group made their way over to the indicated spot , and the sand fell away . 
 as before , they were sucked in . 
 quinn found himself inverted once again , but no longer overly buoyant . 
 he added a burp of air to his suit and corrected himself . 
 the water is freezing ! 
 he looked around and found the other three divers . 
 one of the girls was sharing air with marco and the other had started for the surface . 
 quinn looked at his air , which was in the red , and did the same . 
 the break to the surface seemed to be a sprint for the finish line . 
 quinn abstractly noticed his passenger break away from his spare air , but continued to upward with him . 
 there was no time for a safety stop ; quinn could feel his tank emptying as he worked to suck the last of the gas from his tank . 
 he broke the surface directly behind the other in his group . 
 they all erupted in laughter . 
 it was almost full dark as they bobbed on the surface , but they knew they were back home despite the time discrepancy . 
 angus shook in the cold water , but his eyes were open and he beamed with pleasure at their success . 
 a boat was a quarter mile off , and quinn produced a flashlight , waiving the beam in their direction to alert them they needed help . 
 the boat turned out to be an irish coast guard cutter on patrol for the lost divers . 
 hauled aboard , the divers were given blankets and hot tea while the boat rushed back to the dock . 
 quinn 's wife and two young daughters were there to meet them , along with the dive shop owner and a plethora of other people concerned with having lost divers off their coast . 
 getting off the boat in a flurry of activity , the divers were welcomed by the relieved crowd with a barrage of questions . 
 after a minute of madness being embraced by his worried family , quinn turned to find the fifth diver and thank him for his assistance . 
 but the purple-eyed angus was nowhere to be found . 
 disappearing in the confusion of their rescue , quinn never saw the man who fell from the sky , and spoke to mermaids , again . 
 vega 's lullaby aros speed along the winding mountain pass on the black , stripped-down looking motorbike , making his way toward the summit . 
 it was a warm summer day and the cool patches of air hiding in the shade of the huge redwoods blasted the fully protected rider , cooling him after the stretches of bright sun . 
 the way was wide , but the road twisted on its bridge-like path through the forest . 
 the natives of north colombia had allowed roads to be built through the protected lands , as long as the wildlife would not be cut off by unnatural boundaries . 
 aros loved this part of tellus . 
 it was still wild , with cities like islands nestled in the untamed country . 
 like two ribbons winding close and again away from each other , a tram , for those who did not dare brave the uncertainties of manual road travel , paralleled the raised highway . 
 this was the natural west , governed by the native councils of the people that had lived here for generations before the europens had come to the continent . 
 now cities and development were limited to select areas , unlike on the eastern coast , where the fifteen states managed their land much more loosely . 
 the fresh air made aros smile as he sped along on his cycle . 
 presently , he reached his exit , rounding the small off ramp to a gravel road past the exit sign that marked the summit . 
 he road the ridge top road for half an hour , until he reached a parking area that marked the end of the way . 
 he cut the engine and coasted to a stop . 
 aros dismounted his bike , adjusted the straps on his pack , and left his full-faced helmet behind as he walked up a path toward the mountain top temple . 
 the way was difficult and took some time . 
 it was made to detract all but the most serious visitors . 
 the somber , yet beautiful asian temple was built high upon the granite peaks . 
 narrow paths , rope bridges and tiny steps cut into the stone made the way to the front gates . 
 aros , dressed in black leathers , knocked with a gloved hand on the wooden gates . 
 a monk with shaved head and green wrapped robe answered . 
 `` i have come to meditate , '' aros said in the chinese dialect of the monks ' order . 
 he was sure the gatekeeper would know latin , but this would impress upon him the seriousness of his request . 
 `` we do not take guests . 
 please go away , '' the monk responded and stayed in place . 
 `` i have come a long way to center my mind , '' aros argued . 
 `` we are not a place for tourists . '' 
 `` i have trained my body at shaolin on mount song years ago . 
 now i wish to realign my mind . '' 
 `` you would not like it here . 
 there is no speech inside these walls . 
 the beds are hard and narrow . 
 food is meager and tasteless . 
 can you say you want this ? '' 
 the monk said . 
 `` i know how the chan like their beds hard and narrow . 
 i would relish it . '' 
 `` fine , '' the monk said without expression , and opened the gate to the visitor . 
 things stowed on a promised bed , aros clothed in garments of a visitor , walked into the stone floored room for meditation . 
 on the walls , written in the flowery language of the monks , were message and principals of meditation . 
 aros sat and began to unwind his mind . 
 it had been a long time . 
 he had been through a lot , and meditation in a place such as this helped to bring him back to himself . 
 after all the distance he had come , sometimes he forgot his past , the achievements , trials , and wisdom he had gained . 
 in this type of environment he could bring it all back . 
 it was a revitalization of the soul that few other places could facilitate . 
 aros cleared his mind , followed the words of guidance written by the silent monks , and let come what needed to come . 
 a time from his recent past surfaced . 
 this was not something that he needed to dwell upon and he attempted to clear it , to let his mind sit empty for the first span of meditation , but it would not go . 
 rather than fight it , he let it wash over him . 
 he accepted it as part of the process . 
 this retreat had no agenda anyway ... they had just made it out of one war and found themselves thrust into another . 
 vega did his best at the controls , but the spacecraft was intent on going down hard . 
 aros , shut down the damaged central reactor and prepared for the crash landing . 
 in all the chaos , vega shouted over to aros , showing him his upturned hand crackling with electricity , `` look ! 
 my magic works here ! '' 
 the fiery heap of spent metal made a brushstroke of red across the light blue sky . 
 they crashed into white sand ; a plume of dark smoke marked the place . 
 the two men crawled from the wreckage . 
 they were unhurt but stunned nonetheless . 
 vega sat on the ground as aros mutilated his thick armored uniform down to something more functional and comfortable in the humid desert landscape . 
 vega got up and dug into the wreckage , bringing out a few emergency supplies and a blocky rifle . 
 he tossed the firearm to his partner and they departed the sight of the crash . 
 the landscape was flat . 
 hard packed white sand spread in every direction with the occasional mountain of clumped stone peaking up in isolation . 
 aros and vega made their way to the closest island of brown stone and attempted to gain a view of their surroundings from higher ground . 
 the view was much the same . 
 `` where do we go ? '' 
 vega asked . 
 `` food , water , shelter , people , whatever we can find . 
 did you get anything on this planet before we came down ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i 'm not even sure how far between thraz and the in base that we got pulled from the stream . 
 i wonder what happened to the rest of the battle group ... '' `` over there , '' aros pointed out . 
 `` you see those dark spots ? 
 they are moving slightly . '' 
 `` yeah , i have no idea what they are . 
 go around ? '' 
 aros nodded and they went back to the rippled surface . 
 they made their way to the next island , looking for signs of people or anything else of use . 
 vega stopped at intervals to cast a spell searching for anomalies . 
 the orb remained pink without a hint of blue on an edge indicating something of interest . 
 vega was happy to be able to cast again . 
 it was strange though . 
 his abilities had been inaccessible while in this universe but now on this planet it had come back ? 
 they walked on . 
 reaching the next island , the two skirted the base . 
 aros slowed down and signaled vega to stop . 
 they did this wordlessly for they had been traveling together for long enough to not need words . 
 aros peaked around a outcropping . 
 they had run into one of the swarms they had seen . 
 crabs . 
 huge sand crab like creatures , with flat brown bodies supported by six spike-like legs and large pincers , swarmed the area . 
 the individuals in the pack were a varying sizes and shades of brown , but they were all easily larger than the two former spacemen . 
 one look at the beady black eyes told aros all he needed to know about the creatures sifting through the white sand beyond . 
 `` beasts . 
 we need to remain clear of them . '' 
 `` too late ! '' 
 vega shouted as several of the invertebrates became alerted to their presence and started to attack . 
 aros put the rifle to his shoulder in an attempt to cover vega as he started to climb the stone structure . 
 white tracers leapt from the gun , striking at the oncoming onslaught . 
 the high velocity metal ricochet from the sand crabs chitin exoskeleton . 
 in place a ways up the mountain , vega reached out with a thin blue arc of electricity . 
 the bolt split the air , setting the small hairs on aros 's arms on end as he scaled the smooth brown stone . 
 the struck crab collapsed to the sand from the sudden shock , but the others swarmed past him ; the crabs were great climbers . 
 the two men raced for the higher ground while passively attempting to push back the creatures hunting them . 
 `` great , '' aros said , joining vega on the summit . 
 he let the rifle crackle away , aiming for the presumably vulnerable eyes . 
 `` plan ? '' 
 vega said between bolts . 
 aros kicked a stone downhill that was dodged . 
 `` hmm ... , '' he answered . 
 song came from below the defenders feet and a large stone rolled a single turn . 
 a pair of children came up from where the boulder had been , motioning for aros and vega to follow them . 
 without a better option , the two men leapt away from the incoming tide of hungry creatures . 
 there was a girl and a boy . 
 they had washed out hair and golden skin . 
 once inside the entrance to the tunnel they had opened to the travelers , it was closed once again . 
 vega was concentrating on defending the opening when another song played and the stone rolled back into its place . 
 the group was in darkness . 
 `` did they just do that with the music ? '' 
 vega asked his companion . 
 aros gave no reply , as they were lead down the meagerly lit tunnel , deeper into the mountain . 
 vega despised this part ; he never knew what was going on when it was happening . 
 he always had to get second hand information from aros , who had to translate what was going on to him . 
 vega was at his mercy until he could learn enough words to get by himself , if that happened at all . 
 listening more to the children talk back and forth with aros , vega came to the conclusion there was a slim chance he would pick up any of this language . 
 hitting patches of light , he saw both carried musical instruments , and their language sounded like a song to match . 
 they arrived at a well-lit cavern and the children ran off , leaving aros and vega time to converse as they walked down into the dwellings . 
 `` all i see are children , '' vega pointed out . 
 `` i notice that too . 
 those two do not act like children in their first few years . 
 they may be in the peak of their lifecycle . '' 
 `` what else did you find out ? '' 
 `` they are really excited to find us , '' aros said . 
 `` they seem stoic enough , but i could tell they were almost relieved to see off-worlders . 
 i just know they are going to ask us for help of some kind . '' 
 once on the cave floor , many more children , all looking similar to the pair they had first encountered , came out from various styles of apartments to view the much larger newcomers . 
 despite vega 's own young age and appearance , he felt like he and aros were now the only adults surrounded by a children 's refugee camp . 
 an apparent leader came forward , wearing a blue long stocking cap . 
 aros spoke with the group and vega observed . 
 there were two dozen of the youngsters , all in pairs . 
 two held infants wrapped in cloth slings and carried on their chest . 
 vega smiled to himself at this , as he had been told that this was the way tarkin children were carried for the first three years of their lives , until they were ready to start walking . 
 the faces were young , but held great intensity . 
 vega began to like these people already . 
 one more thing he noticed , they all carried some sort of musical instrument . 
 there were pan flutes , straight woodwinds , stringed harps , small guitar-like creations and everything in between . 
 some even had a second or third holstered in a rig on their person . 
 vega started to reach out to a nearby child in a questioning gesture when aros drew his sidearm in deliberate demonstration and shot the tip of a hanging stalactite . 
 the children all nodded somberly , and aros spoke to vega . 
 `` show them your magic . 
 something simple . '' 
 vega nodded and extended an arm up to the ceiling . 
 with fingers held like picking an orange from the branch , he sent out a stream of fire into the air . 
 his audiences ' eyes went wide and they clamored around him after he put his arm back down . 
 little hands looked over his body for clues to the trick , but none were found . 
 the leader took a pan flute from a pocket and played a song . 
 several notes into the song a ball of fire erupted well above his head and grew in size as the song progressed . 
 with further notes , the flames shot up into the air similar to the way vega had done , and the song came to an end . 
 `` they use music to summon magic here , '' aros said . 
 `` you do n't , and they find that really interesting . '' 
 `` so what is going on ? 
 they looked strapped for war . 
 is it more than just the crabs ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 some sort of invaders have been hunting them to extinction recently . 
 they fly and can also cast magic . 
 i 'm not clear on all they mean , but they have offered us protection from the outside for our help . '' 
 `` any clues about exits ? '' 
 vega asked . 
 the crowd broke up and they were lead to an empty apartment . 
 the beds were too small but the food was edible and very tasty . 
 `` not yet , '' aros said . 
 he sat and worked on his rifle , checking ammo and brushing off the sand . 
 `` they have no written books . 
 i gather that histories are made into song and turned into spells . 
 the more meaningful , the more powerful . '' 
 aros and vega enjoyed the company of the colony of musicians for three days until they had the chance to pay for their keep . 
 in those three days , the two travelers found out much about their hosts . 
 once , the people were far more numerous and could be found across the land . 
 then the invaders arrived and could not be stopped . 
 this group was surly not the last , but they knew of no other . 
 as a human species , they grew from infants to children and had a life cycle of around fifteen of their planets years . 
 at the end of their life , they became like young again , helpless and wrinkled , like an old baby . 
 they called it their arc . 
 and now they were afraid that their kind were reaching the back end of their arc . 
 with the arrival of aros and vega , a brief hope was gained , but they were still not sure it would be enough to ensure their survival . 
 aros tried to get a better picture of the foe they were up against . 
 a transparent floating cup was the best he could translate to vega . 
 it was soon that they got to put a ` face ' to the unclear description . 
 the invaders attacked in the middle of the day through the small passages that gave the main cavern light and air . 
 open air jellyfish , was the thought aros had when the first swarm squeezed down into the cave . 
 the creatures closely resembled the sea animals aros had seen before on another world . 
 the half-sphere bodies pumped through the air and long translucent tentacles streamed behind until they were used to attack a victim . 
 the first minutes of the attack were madness . 
 clashing music calling forth roaring magic filled the cavern as the musicians retreated from their overrun home . 
 the explosions of aros 's firearms added to the confusion and many times broke the concentration of the musicians ' spells . 
 noticing this , he refrained from firing unless it was in time with the tune of whatever musician was performing . 
 vega also let loose with more of his exotic magic , mostly in defense from the summoned creatures called by the jellies . 
 the invaders had their own songs , songs produced from some unfathomable organ . 
 they called forth creatures from the rocks and sands that would subdue their prey while they swooped in to finish them off . 
 many of the musicians fell to these attacks , being gripped by the tentacles and life drained from their bodies . 
 the initial battle was spectacular but brutal , full of dazzling effects and harsh realities . 
 more than half the group escaped with the aid of the new fighters , and they began their retreat down escape tunnels to the barren surface of the world . 
 the group of musical children streaked across the sand , seeking refuge in a distant smaller island of stone . 
 aros was amazed when the crabs reappeared and were easily turned away by a focused sandstorm . 
 halfway to the destination the jellies emerged from the musicians ' previous home and came in pursuit . 
 vega accompanied the main body while two guitarists and aros laid down suppression . 
 with the sandstorm protecting the main group , aros and his two warriors had a handful repelling a two-sided assault by flying jellies and scuttling crabs . 
 when aros ran out of ammo , he dropped his rifle and they took flight . 
 vega had everyone in the cave when aros brought up the rear . 
 a small girl was tugging on the non-musical magician 's sleeve , trying to communicate , when aros arrived . 
 the group was exhausted and scared . 
 they feared this was the end . 
 `` she wants to know if you know anymore magic . 
 they do n't know anything else to do , '' aros translated . 
 they were effectively trapped in the cave , with only one entrance and no exit . 
 they had chosen this fall back position as a last resort due to its lack of porous entry . 
 one of the dozen played a tune lighting the room , while the rest took turns keeping the sandstorm raging in front of the entrance . 
 `` as long as they keep that up , the jellies ca n't get through , '' vega pointed out . 
 `` bet you wish you had that key again , '' he said to aros who was studying the solid cave walls . 
 `` i do , indeed . 
 i do n't think they can keep that barrier up forever . 
 they will grow exhausted after a time . 
 we can only hope the jellies will relent . '' 
 `` they will not , '' the blue hat told aros . 
 `` look , even now they make sand monsters to attack our shield . 
 they have our taste in them and will not stop until they finish us this time . 
 and the crabs wait as well ... '' for hours they held off the attack . 
 two musicians at a time had to play to keep the spell working . 
 everyone took their turn and rested , but the group was running on a negative spiraling loop of hope and energy . 
 aros was out of personal weapons and was unsure what to do next . 
 there was always the purple cloud ... in his desperation , vega looked for comfort inside himself and thought of other options . 
 he found little , but began to hum the lullaby his mother had sung to him as a child . 
 it always helped him make up his mind . 
 the musicians turned to him in wonder . 
 they caught the idea and played along . 
 for them , music was as natural as speaking or walking , and so they expounded upon the melody and the song grew . 
 soon it was a wall of power and the ground in the middle of the cave floor grew a pool of water . 
 aros stepped to the edge once it stopped growing and peered inside . 
 it was deep . 
 he toughed the surface and his fingers came back dry . 
 `` everyone in ! '' 
 he commanded . 
 the song continued but dwindled in intensity as the musicians jumped into the pool and out of their world . 
 the two guarding the entrance were the last musicians to leave . 
 that left vega and aros to jump into a shrinking pool , leading to a dimension that existed between worlds . 
 aros opened his eyes . 
 it was dark in the hall . 
 he sat in the same position on the floor , coming back to himself . 
 rising to his feet , his joints creaked and popped as he exited the hall . 
 he rubbed his right thigh absentmindedly as he got moving . 
 he felt infinitely tired as he found his way to the promised narrow bed . 
 there was a meager bowel of rice and wooden cup of water by the head of the bed , but aros ignored these things . 
 he lay down and felt the enormous weight of his body holding down his tired limbs . 
 he slept without dreams until he was met by the dawn . 
