 by jennifer anne davis this is a work of fiction . 
 the characters , incidents , and dialogues are products of the author 's imagination and are not to be construed as real . 
 any resemblance to actual events or persons , living or dead , is entirely coincidental . 
 the key copyright © 2013 by : jennifer anne davis all rights reserved . 
 no part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles or reviews . 
 for information address : clean teen publishing po box 561326 the colony , tx 75056 www.cleanteenpublishing.com ~ smashwords edition ~ thank you for downloading this ebook . 
 it remains the copyrighted property of the author , and may not be reproduced , copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes . 
 if you enjoyed this book , please encourage your friends to download their own copy at smashwords.com , where they can also discover other works by this author . 
 thank you for your support . 
 for more information about our content disclosure , please utilize the qr code above with your smart phone or visit us at www.cleanteenpublishing.com . 
 prologue chapter 1 chapter 2 chapter 3 chapter 4 chapter 5 chapter 6 chapter 7 chapter 8 chapter 9 chapter 10 chapter 11 chapter 12 chapter 13 chapter 14 chapter 15 chapter 16 chapter 17 chapter 18 chapter 19 chapter 20 chapter 21 chapter 22 chapter 23 chapter 24 chapter 25 chapter 26 chapter 27 acknowledgements about the author more ctp books to nathan the first in my own personal trilogy i love you mako screams of the dying echoed throughout the castle . 
 as mako made his way toward the stairwell , he kept to the shadows cast by the setting sun . 
 a deep , throaty laugh carried down the hall . 
 mako slid into an empty room , pressing his body flat against the wall next to the door . 
 `` that way , '' a man ordered . 
 `` this section has already been taken care of . 
 go to the east wing . 
 check every room . 
 no one is to be left alive . '' 
 a group of enemy soldiers dressed in battle gear marched past without noticing mako . 
 they carried weapons -- swords and daggers -- all dripping with blood . 
 mako 's fist tightened around the hilt of his sword , his muscles tense and ready to attack . 
 he held his breath and forced himself to remain still instead of charging the soldiers . 
 when the last man stepped around the corner at the end of the hallway , mako crept out of the room . 
 a deafening rumble shook the castle , causing small pieces of the ceiling to cascade down like snow . 
 an hour earlier , the fearless king had led his soldiers to the docks to fight the invading army . 
 a messenger arrived ten minutes ago with news that the king and his sons were dead . 
 as commander , it was mako 's duty to protect the remaining royal family . 
 mako ran up four flights of stairs and down an empty corridor . 
 at the tapestry depicting a castle shrouded in clouds on a mountaintop , he shoved it aside and entered the secret passageway . 
 darkness and a musty smell engulfed him . 
 feeling along the rough walls , he counted as he moved through the tunnel . 
 after thirty paces , he turned left . 
 then at fifty paces , he stopped . 
 there was supposed to be a door directly to his right . 
 his hands came across splintering wood , and he pushed the door open a couple of inches . 
 mako peered into the royal wing . 
 it was silent . 
 slipping out of the passageway , he unsheathed his sword and entered the main sitting room , which was used only by the royal family . 
 a baby cried from a room on the right , the sound similar to his daughter 's , making his chest tighten with concern . 
 were his baby daughter and wife still alive ? 
 or had the enemy gotten to them too ? 
 mako took a shaky breath and progressed toward the doorway , limiting his steps to the rugs and avoiding the stone floor . 
 glancing inside the room , he realized it was the royal nursery . 
 mako raised his sword and held it ready , then counted to three and stormed inside . 
 movement came from a curtain across the room . 
 `` who 's there ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 the queen stepped out from behind the heavy fabric , her face red , hair wild and untamed . 
 `` commander ! '' 
 she cried , clutching her wailing baby tight against her chest . 
 `` we 're under attack ! 
 where are my husband and sons ? 
 are they all right ? '' 
 unable to look her in the eyes , mako said , `` queen kayln , we must get you and the princess into the tunnels . '' 
 mako took hold of the queen 's elbow and led her back through the passageway . 
 when they reached the stairwell , it was still empty . 
 mako and the queen hugged the wall while they descended to the first floor , the baby princess squirming in her mother 's arms . 
 as they neared his bedchamber , mako prayed his wife and baby daughter were hiding safely inside . 
 he rounded a corner and saw the door to his quarters hanging open . 
 bloody footprints led away from his room and down the corridor . 
 mako tensed and forced himself to step through the arched doorway . 
 his wife lay twisted awkwardly on the floor , her glazed eyes staring up at him . 
 her throat had been slit . 
 blood pooled around her body , its metallic smell thick in the air . 
 mako 's legs buckled , and he fell to his knees , feeling for her pulse . 
 it was too late to help her . 
 perhaps no one had noticed his baby daughter , tabitha , tucked inside her cradle in the corner of the room . 
 mako ran over to her . 
 the white blanket she was swaddled in was crimson with fresh blood . 
 the baby 's round , chubby face looked peaceful -- but a knife with a silver sun on the hilt protruded from her chest . 
 slipping his large hands under the damp , red cloth , mako picked tabitha up , choking back a sob . 
 everyone he loved was gone . 
 he swore to kill those responsible for the blood spilt today . 
 he placed his daughter back in the cradle , kissing her forehead gently . 
 then he ran over to his dead wife , kneeling next to her . 
 he closed her eyelids and removed her wedding ring . 
 tears dripped from his cheek onto her lifeless face . 
 `` i 'll always love you , '' he whispered . 
 a woman screamed and heavy footsteps pounded across the bedchamber directly above , followed by a loud thump . 
 mako stood , remembering the queen and princess still standing in the corridor . 
 `` there is n't much time . '' 
 mako pulled them inside . 
 he closed the door and shoved a dresser in front of it . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , '' she whispered , tears streaming down her face . 
 unable to speak , mako just nodded . 
 the lives of the queen and princess depended on him . 
 he rummaged through his wife 's clothes until he found a brown cloak . 
 `` your majesty , please put this on . '' 
 `` no , '' the queen answered , her eyes fixated on tabitha . 
 she squared her shoulders , and then looked at mako . 
 `` emperor hamen sent his army to kill us . 
 he wo n't stop until they do . '' 
 `` i promised the king i would protect you and the princess . '' 
 her eyes widened . 
 `` my husband and sons ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` dead , '' mako confirmed . 
 nodding , the queen said with a weak voice , `` emperor hamen wants to take over greenwood island . 
 he ca n't have control until the royal family is dead . 
 princess amer and myself are the only ones standing in his way . 
 i have to save her . '' 
 queen kayln gazed down at her daughter , still crying in her arms . 
 mako nodded . 
 `` emperor hamen will need a dead baby as proof , and we 'll give him one . '' 
 he knelt down on a knee , placing his sword on the ground before him . 
 mako took the queen 's right hand and lowered his head . 
 `` your majesty , i promise to avenge the royal family 's deaths and preserve the royal line . '' 
 he hated these barbarians as much as she did . 
 he would destroy them all and make them pay for what they had done . 
 mako pressed his lips to the queen 's ruby ring , sealing the promise . 
 mako stood and watched the queen . 
 she kissed the princess , and then tenderly laid her down on mako 's bed . 
 queen kayln removed the baby 's blanket and slipped a red velvet pouch out of the bodice of her gown , tucking it under the collar of the princess 's dress . 
 `` i love you , my darling child . 
 keep this close to your heart . 
 i 'll always be watching over you . '' 
 with trembling hands , mako picked up his dead baby and removed the knife , tossing it to the ground as if it were on fire . 
 the queen handed mako the princess 's royal blanket . 
 he wrapped tabitha in it , and kissed her forehead like she was still alive . 
 `` princess amer is all that is left , '' the queen said , wiping her tears . 
 `` even if she never fulfills her duty as ruler of our land , i want her to live . '' 
 she bent down and pressed her lips to her daughter 's cheek one last time . 
 the baby cried , her tiny hand reaching out and clutching onto the queen 's hair . 
 the queen 's body trembled as she firmly took hold of the loose strand , pulling it free from her daughter 's grasp . 
 queen kayln moved away from the bed . 
 mako knew it was taking an enormous amount of willpower and love to make the sacrifice she was making . 
 `` i trust you will fulfill your promise , '' the queen said . 
 `` avenge our deaths , and protect my child . '' 
 mako placed tabitha in her arms , and she clutched the baby against her chest as if it were her own . 
 `` you have my sworn oath , your majesty . '' 
 mako shoved the dresser away from the door . 
 the hallway was empty . 
 he nodded and the queen left , running down the corridor with a sense of purpose . 
 mako picked up the whimpering princess , swaddling her in one of his brown shirts . 
 he was in survival mode , his jaw set , eyes steely and ready to kill . 
 he pushed his grief aside so he could protect princess amer . 
 using his belt , he strapped her to his chest and put on his riding cape . 
 going to the back of his room , mako removed the tall mirror from the wall , revealing an entrance to the tunnels . 
 he gripped the hilt of his sword and stepped into darkness . 
 rema : seventeen years later the sun shone bright overhead . 
 rema leaned forward in the saddle and nudged snow 's ribs , encouraging him to move faster . 
 the horse practically flew over the deserted dirt path , the surrounding forest zooming past her . 
 one wrong move and she 'd collide with a tree . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 rema yelled . 
 snow responded with a burst of energy . 
 rema chanced a look back over her shoulder -- bren was a good thirty feet behind . 
 snow bolted over the fallen greenwood tree serving as their finish line , and rema laughed . 
 slowing snow to a trot , rema watched as bren and his horse thundered past her , kicking up dust . 
 bren pulled the reins of his horse and trotted back toward her . 
 `` i ca n't believe you won , again . 
 and bareback , '' bren said , shaking his head . 
 `` it 's because you 're smaller than me . 
 snow can run faster with a lighter rider . '' 
 bren was n't much taller than rema , but he weighed considerably more . 
 he was built just like his father -- stocky and strong . 
 `` yes , '' rema mused , `` that must be it . 
 i 'm sure it has nothing to do with my well-trained horse and my excellent riding abilities . '' 
 `` you are something else , '' bren chuckled . 
 `` come on , you need to get home before your aunt and uncle realize what we 're doing . '' 
 rema knew he was right . 
 not only was she bareback , but her dress was pulled together between her legs , allowing her to ride like a man . 
 if uncle kar ever found out about rema and bren 's races , he 'd restrict rema 's riding -- the one and only true freedom she had . 
 she reached back , making sure her blonde hair was still secure in a knot at the base of her neck . 
 finding it intact , rema relaced her hands through snow 's mane . 
 `` race you ! '' 
 she laughed , kicking her heels into snow 's ribs . 
 it sounded like bren mumbled , `` you 've got to be kidding , '' but rema could n't be sure ; she was already flying through the forest again . 
 rema and bren had been friends for as long as she could remember . 
 their races started when she was ten years old , when bren had insisted that girls could n't ride as well as boys . 
 of course , rema could n't let him believe this misguided notion , so she challenged him to a race . 
 rema won by the length of three horses . 
 the two friends had been racing ever since . 
 uncle kar and aunt maya 's land was about a mile from the forest . 
 the dirt road leading into town passed in front of their modest wooden home and the barn and horse pasture were both situated behind it . 
 as soon as they entered the pasture , rema slid off snow and untied her dress . 
 she reached back and unknotted her hair , letting it fall down around her shoulders . 
 bren also dismounted . 
 `` next time we switch horses , '' he said , running his hand through his thick , dark hair . 
 rema laughed . 
 `` it wo n't matter . 
 i 'll still win . 
 at some point , you 're just going to have to realize i 'm the better rider . 
 always have been , always will be . '' 
 she smiled sweetly . 
 bren shook his head and grinned . 
 `` do n't look now , but your aunt maya is coming . '' 
 aunt maya was wearing one of her nicer dresses , and her gray hair was neatly pulled into a bun . 
 as aunt maya neared , her gaze narrowed on rema . 
 `` why are you out of breath ? '' 
 not wanting to answer , rema changed the subject . 
 `` is someone here ? '' 
 she asked , wondering why her aunt was dressed so nicely . 
 maya looked from rema to bren , and then back again . 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 `` but we need to talk . 
 alone . '' 
 rema was about to say something when she felt bren tense next to her . 
 his hands fidgeted with his horse reins . 
 `` well , uh , i better get going , '' bren stammered , not looking in rema 's direction . 
 he turned and led his horse away , his walk stiff . 
 rema 's skin prickled . 
 something was wrong . 
 maybe her aunt and uncle had discovered she 'd been racing with bren . 
 rema had planned to rub down snow and feed him a treat , but it would have to wait . 
 she released snow into the pasture , and followed her aunt around the barn and inside the house . 
 they entered the sitting room , the fire already roaring in the hearth . 
 four pewter cups sat on the low table . 
 someone had been there . 
 `` have a seat . '' 
 aunt maya pointed to a chair . 
 her hands rested on her hips , and she paced back and forth in front of the hearth . 
 rema knew this was serious , that she was in colossal trouble . 
 there was nothing she could say or do to ease the situation . 
 she 'd just have to take her punishment . 
 uncle kar entered the room , a warm smile on his face . 
 he kissed rema on her head , and then took a seat next to her . 
 he seemed to be in a good mood . 
 better than usual . 
 maybe he was n't aware of her racing . 
 aunt maya stood still , her eyes locked on uncle kar 's . 
 `` we need to talk to you , rema . '' 
 `` yes , '' uncle kar said . 
 `` we have good news . '' 
 rema had n't expected the conversation to begin like this . 
 `` bren 's parents paid us a visit , '' uncle kar said . 
 bren never kept secrets from his parents . 
 he must have told them about their races . 
 `` i can explain , '' she began , ready to concede . 
 `` no need , '' uncle kar continued . 
 `` you and bren have been friends for a long time . 
 it makes sense . 
 and we approve . '' 
 rema had no idea what he was talking about . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 aunt maya cleared her throat . 
 `` we did n't sign the marriage contract yet . 
 there 's still a few details to work out . '' 
 `` but we expect to have everything in order in the next day or two , '' uncle kar said . 
 `` what ? '' 
 rema shouted , jumping off the chair . 
 `` did n't bren talk to you about this yet ? '' 
 aunt maya asked , crossing her arms . 
 `` no ! 
 he never said anything to me . '' 
 this was almost worse than getting in trouble for racing . 
 bren , her best friend , wanted to marry her ? 
 `` do i have a say in this ? '' 
 rema asked . 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 you and bren are friends . 
 we thought you 'd be happy , '' uncle kar said , his brow creasing in confusion . 
 `` happy ? 
 to marry a friend ! 
 i do n't want to . 
 i wo n't do it . '' 
 she had no intention of tying herself permanently to any man . 
 `` rema , '' maya said , exasperated . 
 `` you are seventeen years old . 
 bren is eighteen . 
 it 's time , and the match makes sense . 
 we do n't really have any other options . '' 
 rema wanted to scream . 
 `` so you wo n't even consider my wishes regarding the matter ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , dear . 
 we thought you 'd be pleased with the match . '' 
 uncle kar stood , reaching for her . 
 rema was most definitely not pleased . 
 she was anything but pleased . 
 clutching her hands into fists , rema forced back tears and moved away from her uncle . 
 the walls felt like they were spinning , and it became difficult to breathe . 
 run . 
 she needed to run . 
 `` after you 've had some time to think about it , i 'm sure you 'll see things clearly , '' aunt maya said . 
 `` yes , i understand , '' rema mumbled . 
 she was going to have to marry bren , regardless of what she wanted . 
 `` i 'm going out for some fresh air . '' 
 rema forced herself to walk calmly out the door , but as soon as her boots stepped onto the dirt , she took off , sprinting toward the forest . 
 darmik a heavy fog coated the land as commander darmik and his squad neared the governor of jarko 's fortress . 
 their presence was noticed , and the front gate to the castle opened as they arrived . 
 servants exited , preparing to greet their prince . 
 darmik scanned the surrounding land . 
 nothing looked amiss . 
 pulling his horse to a halt , he dismounted . 
 prince lennek strolled out the front entrance . 
 the governor , lord filmar , was nowhere in sight . 
 `` darmik . '' 
 lennek 's lips curled into a smile , but his eyes narrowed at the squad of twenty men . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 he stretched his arms open and embraced his brother . 
 `` good to see you , lennek . 
 it 's been a long time . '' 
 lennek released him . 
 `` checking up on me ? '' 
 he chuckled . 
 darmik did n't answer . 
 instead , he pulled off his riding gloves . 
 his visit had one purpose -- to discover what his brother was up to . 
 lennek did n't leave their father 's castle often , let alone king 's city . 
 lennek 's personal steward , arnek , stepped forward . 
 `` your highness , will you be joining us for dinner ? '' 
 `` yes , '' darmik answered . 
 arnek 's nose twitched , then he bowed and dismissed the servants . 
 darmik went to his corporal and whispered instructions for the soldiers to setup camp just outside of the town , hidden in the forest . 
 he 'd find them when he was ready to leave . 
 the brothers were finally alone . 
 `` care to tell me what 's going on ? '' 
 darmik asked . 
 `` no , '' lennek whispered , leaning in close . 
 `` it 's none of your business , little brother . '' 
 then he spun and entered the castle , without looking back to see if darmik followed . 
 the castle was similar to the other governors ' homes , yet it lacked some of the opulence . 
 of course , jarko was the smallest region , the least important in the kingdom in terms of land and politics . 
 for lennek to come here , of all places , there had to be a good reason . 
 greenwood island was divided into seven regions , each overseen by a governor , appointed by the king , based on loyalty . 
 the king reigned over it all . 
 the kingdom was restructured this way shortly after the takeover seventeen years ago . 
 `` how long do you plan on staying here ? '' 
 darmik asked , jogging to catch up to his brother . 
 lennek shrugged his shoulders . 
 `` until i 'm bored . '' 
 `` i did n't realize you and lord filmar were close , '' darmik said . 
 `` where is he anyway ? '' 
 lord filmar was an older gentleman known for being levelheaded and set in his ways -- quite the opposite of lennek . 
 lennek rolled his eyes and led darmik into a quaint sitting room . 
 there were three settees and a low table in the center . 
 books lined one wall , and portraits of the governor and his family filled another . 
 `` i do n't know , nor do i care , '' lennek smirked . 
 `` we 're not friends by any means . 
 i simply wanted a vacation , and this is the furthest place from father 's castle . '' 
 `` ah , '' darmik said . 
 then king barjon and lennek had had a falling out . 
 darmik 's worry and panic had been for nothing . 
 lennek spun and faced darmik , cocking his head . 
 `` did father send you ? '' 
 he questioned . 
 `` no . 
 i was passing nearby when word came that you were here . 
 i thought i 'd stop in and see you . 
 that 's all , '' darmik said , trying to placate his brother . 
 he was n't about to admit that the only reason he was here was to discover what his brother was really up to . 
 lennek laughed . 
 `` you have got to be kidding . 
 you , on a break ? 
 i do n't believe it . '' 
 he flopped down on the settee . 
 `` everything you do has a purpose , '' he snapped . 
 `` you 're here because you do n't trust me . '' 
 `` of course i do n't , '' darmik murmured . 
 `` you may not trust me , but you must obey me . 
 and i want you gone tomorrow . '' 
 lennek waved his hand in the air . 
 `` this is supposed to be a vacation , and there 's no way i can have any fun with you around . '' 
 his eyes darkened , and he unleashed the full force of his gaze on darmik . 
 `` you ruin everything you touch , '' he spat . 
 moving to the window , darmik gripped the wooden frame , keeping his temper in check . 
 there were probably servants lurking in the corridors . 
 the window overlooked the governor 's pasture to the north of the property . 
 several horses roamed the land . 
 taking a deep breath , darmik said , `` i 'm going hunting . 
 want to come ? '' 
 lennek snorted . 
 `` most definitely not . '' 
 good , darmik thought . 
 he did n't really want to spend any time with his brother , and he needed to relax before his temper flared , and he pummeled lennek to the floor . 
 laughter filled the hallway , and several young ladies walked by . 
 they were bedecked head to toe in the latest court fashion , but darmik did n't recognize any of them . 
 they had to be the local nobles . 
 darmik raised his eyebrows . 
 `` friends of yours ? '' 
 he asked . 
 standing , lennek straightened his tunic and smiled . 
 `` every girl 's a friend of mine . 
 now if you 'll excuse me , i have some entertainment planned . 
 and you 're not invited . '' 
 he strolled out of the room with a smirk plastered on his face . 
 darmik had been so sure lennek was up to something , but this was nothing more than a pity party , filled with drinking and girls . 
 and all because father had yelled at him . 
 typical . 
 darmik had no desire to sit in the castle all day , listening to lennek 's indiscretions . 
 he would leave tomorrow . 
 there was nothing to discover here . 
 lennek was n't up to some devious political maneuvering . 
 no , he was too wrapped up in his own personal satisfaction . 
 darmik needed to stop being so paranoid . 
 after changing into his hunting gear , darmik headed west on foot into the woods . 
 it was so rare he was ever alone that he wanted to take advantage of the opportunity . 
 he traveled several miles until he was in safe hunting territory . 
 the trees were dense , barely a few feet apart . 
 several boulders were scattered near the bottom of a small rise , moss covering them . 
 darmik found a small space between two and crouched down , waiting . 
 the forest animals were still . 
 darmik nocked an arrow and raised his bow , steadying it . 
 a twig snapped and something raced through the forest , dodging trees . 
 darmik was about to release the arrow when he realized it was n't an animal that bolted through the trees like lightning . 
 instead , blonde hair flew , and a gray dress flashed like a beacon against the moss-covered trunks and green leaves . 
 then she was gone . 
 darmik scanned the surrounding area , looking for who , or what , pursued her . 
 all was quiet . 
 driven by a surge of intrigue , darmik took off after her , keeping his bow in hand . 
 she ran fast , but he was easily able to follow her blatant trail of broken twigs until it suddenly ended . 
 skidding to a halt , darmik 's right foot slid to the edge of the cliff , sending a shower of leaves raining over the side . 
 he backed away and looked down . 
 a dark river flowed twenty-five feet below . 
 there was no sign of the girl . 
 he put the arrow in his quiver and secured the bow to his back . 
 searching along the edge , darmik found a steep , dirt trail leading down the hill . 
 the soil was rich and soft , forcing him to focus on his footing . 
 several times darmik slid , but caught himself . 
 when he finally reached the bottom , he found the girl lying on the bank next to the water , soaking wet . 
 he ran over and knelt down beside her to see if she was hurt . 
 her dress looked homemade , indicating she was from the lower class . 
 the girl 's eyes flew open . 
 they were brilliant like the sea . 
 her hair was the color of hay , only silky instead of stiff and rough . 
 darmik wanted to touch it , just to be sure . 
 the girl 's wet , gray dress clung to her body , her bosom heaving up and down from running . 
 darmik had seen blue eyes and blonde hair before , but that was in emperion . 
 he could n't help but stare . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 her eyes darted to the bow and arrows on his back . 
 how could she not know who he was ? 
 then darmik remembered he was wearing plain , brown clothing that covered his arms and neck , instead of his blue tunic that exposed his royal markings . 
 `` are you well ? '' 
 he countered . 
 her face lit up as she smiled , clearly unharmed . 
 `` of course i am . 
 why do you ask ? '' 
 she raised her eyebrows , waiting for his response . 
 `` it 's just that -- i saw you go off the edge . 
 did you fall ? '' 
 darmik asked . 
 she was drenched , but there was no way a girl would voluntarily jump , especially from so high up . 
 and she could n't have climbed down that fast . 
 `` fall ? '' 
 she laughed , the sound harsh . 
 `` no , i dove . '' 
 she gave darmik a confident look that implied it should 've been obvious . 
 her voice was clear , speech articulate , surprising him . 
 darmik stared at her . 
 had she been trying to kill herself ? 
 `` for fun , '' she clarified . 
 `` if you do n't mind , i 'd like to be left alone . '' 
 since the king forbade travel between the seven regions in the kingdom , all citizens were required to be tattooed at birth with their region 's emblem . 
 darmik glanced down at her arms . 
 on her left wrist , she bore the black tattoo of jarko -- a curved stalk of wheat with a sword down the center . 
 on her right wrist , she wore her brown , leather identification band , but darmik could n't read it from this angle . 
 `` let me see your band , '' he demanded . 
 the girl bit her bottom lip , hesitating . 
 she had no choice in the matter . 
 when a man , no matter who that man was , asked to see a female 's band , she had to adhere to his command . 
 she lifted her right arm , holding it suspended in the air . 
 darmik took hold of her hand with care . 
 as he read the information , his thumb gently traced the edge of the leather bracelet . 
 `` tabitha , seventeen years old , niece of kar and maya , not yet married or engaged . '' 
 tabitha jerked her hand free . 
 uncertain what to say , darmik focused on the top of the cliff . 
 the jump was difficult . 
 why , he wondered , would anyone attempt it ? 
 several trees lined the riverbank , and it appeared there was only a five-foot section of the cliff from which to jump safely . 
 the water flowed smoothly , indicating no rocks hidden below the surface . 
 still , it was too dangerous to attempt . 
 darmik looked back to the girl . 
 little drops of water ran down her face . 
 `` is there something i can do for you ? '' 
 she asked , no longer amused . 
 darmik tore his eyes away from her and scanned the surrounding area . 
 `` no , i was out hunting when i saw you disappear over the cliff . '' 
 he was n't used to explaining himself . 
 `` can i escort you somewhere ? '' 
 he was reluctant to leave her alone in a forest full of wild animals . 
 at least , that 's what he told himself . 
 he did n't want to acknowledge it was something else -- that she was unlike anyone he had ever met before . 
 tabitha rose abruptly . 
 her dress was plastered around her legs , her hair muddy from lying on the riverbank . 
 darmik stood and offered her his hand for support . 
 instead , she crossed her arms . 
 the girl was taller than he realized , coming up to his chin . 
 `` i can take care of myself . '' 
 her face , although beautiful , was pinched with worry , and her eyes were glassy and red . 
 he 'd been so overwhelmed with how blue her eyes were that he 'd failed to notice she 'd been crying . 
 `` i do n't need a man . '' 
 the girl 's hands balled into fists . 
 `` prince darmik ! '' 
 a shout rang from above . 
 before he had left , darmik told lennek 's guard to leave him alone . 
 the only way they would be in the forest was if they were accompanying lennek . 
 and there was no way lennek could see this girl . 
 staring at him fiercely , she asked , `` prince ? 
 that makes the king your father . '' 
 darmik nodded . 
 `` are you the commander of the king 's army ? '' 
 it sounded more like an accusation than a question , and she did n't kneel as protocol demanded . 
 her eyes focused on his neck , probably trying to see his royal tattoos -- but they were covered by the tunic . 
 darmik felt like a hunter come upon a new animal that he did n't know what to do with . 
 friend or foe ? 
 would the animal attack or run away ? 
 `` yes , and my older brother , prince lennek , draws near , '' darmik warned . 
 `` i strongly suggest you leave -- now . '' 
 she studied him for a moment , like she was trying to decide if she could trust him . 
 `` the crown prince ? '' 
 she asked . 
 darmik nodded . 
 there was a flicker of fear across her face , and she took a step back , away from him . 
 then she flashed him a bright smile and took off running , although a little slower this time , hindered by the heavy , wet dress . 
 rema rema 's side cramped from running , but she could n't stop . 
 if the princes were in the forest , then soldiers were nearby , and aunt maya had warned rema enough times to steer clear of the army . 
 if only rema had ridden snow , but she thought the walk would be good after her aunt and uncle broke the news about her upcoming marriage to bren . 
 now she was stuck jogging in a bulky , wet dress -- her mind no clearer than when she set out . 
 stumbling around the back of the barn , rema bent over , breathing hard . 
 `` there you are , '' aunt maya said , holding a bucket of water . 
 her eyebrows rose in disbelief as she scanned rema from head to toe . 
 rema had hoped to make it inside before anyone saw her . 
 `` why are you all wet ? '' 
 `` i saw a rock at the edge of the river with bands of color and a crystal at one end . 
 i reached for it and slipped , falling into the water . 
 but i 'm fine . '' 
 she hated to lie , but if her aunt and uncle discovered that most of her forest adventures included a dive from a cliff , she 'd never be allowed to go again -- at least not alone . 
 jumping into the somer river was something rema had been doing since she was eight years old . 
 whenever she felt caged or trapped , she went to her special place deep inside the woods . 
 rema still remembered the first time she did it . 
 standing at the cliff , gazing down , she had no idea if the water was deep enough , or even if the current was too strong for her to handle . 
 all rema could focus on was the fact that her aunt and uncle would n't let her go into town or attend the weekly market , and she desperately wanted to do something they would n't approve of . 
 so rema jumped , oblivious to the fact that she could get hurt or die . 
 the thrill of falling stole her breath away . 
 for those couple of seconds , all her worries vanished , and there was nothing except the freedom of flying through the air . 
 when rema hit the water for that first time , a brief moment of panic arose as she frantically kicked and broke the surface , gasping for a breath , but that did n't stop her from doing it again . 
 through the years , rema had jumped countless times -- each still as breathtaking and exciting as the first . 
 `` you fell ? '' 
 aunt maya asked . 
 rema nodded . 
 `` that must have been some fall . 
 you better get inside and change your dress before bren and his family arrives . 
 put on something presentable . 
 we ca n't afford to lose this match . '' 
 aunt maya spun and headed toward the back door of the house , water sloshing over the side of the bucket she carried . 
 `` i still do n't understand why i have to marry bren , '' rema called after her . 
 bren was her only friend . 
 a marriage to him would be awkward . 
 she 'd never even looked at him or thought of him as a possible husband . 
 `` not this again , '' aunt maya 's voice broke . 
 she stopped walking , but kept her back to rema . 
 `` please go inside and change . '' 
 `` i 'm not ready to get married , '' rema admitted . 
 aunt maya shook her head and left without another word . 
 rema kicked the side of the barn . 
 usually diving into the somer river put her mind to rest . 
 but not today . 
 bren 's family owned the farm next to their land . 
 rema could n't imagine being a farmer 's wife . 
 she longed for the opportunity to see greenwood island , but that would never happen since the king restricted all travel outside of one 's region . 
 rema had n't even been to any other areas in jarko besides her small town . 
 and now , she was likely to go nowhere . 
 rema supposed she saw a little of the outside world today when she ran into prince darmik . 
 her cheeks warmed just thinking about him . 
 he was n't what she expected . 
 he seemed too young to command an entire army . 
 from her studies , she knew that he was nineteen , but until today , she pictured him in his thirties or forties with long , gray hair , and a stiff , gray beard . 
 how wrong she had been . 
 like everyone else on the island , he had black hair and brown eyes . 
 his hair was cut just above his shoulders , and his voice was kind . 
 she had n't expected that . 
 everyone knew the king was evil and his heir , prince lennek , was only too willing to follow in his father 's footsteps . 
 but darmik gave the impression that he was different . 
 he had warned her prince lennek was coming and afforded her the opportunity to slip away unnoticed . 
 however , the army was known for being ruthless , and darmik did control the army . 
 so why did he help her ? 
 rema shook her head , trying to clear it . 
 she could n't afford to think of prince darmik that way . 
 she needed to get inside before bren 's family arrived to finalize the dowry and sign the marriage contract to a wedding that would most likely take place next month . 
 just like one of her uncle 's horses , she was to be bought and sold . 
 **** `` why do you want to marry me , bren ? '' 
 rema stopped walking and scrutinized his eyes , searching for the answer . 
 bren laughed . 
 they had traveled about a half-mile into the woods for some privacy from their families , who were still inside finalizing the wedding contract . 
 `` we all have to marry , rema . 
 the king demands it . 
 why not marry a friend ? '' 
 he tore a leaf from the low-hanging branch of a tree and twirled it between his fingers . 
 but bren had other friends . 
 he went to the market in town , and he knew most of the people that lived in the area . 
 `` are you happy to be taking over for your father ? '' 
 rema asked . 
 `` i 've been planning on it my entire life . 
 it 's what 's expected . '' 
 throwing the leaf on the ground , he examined her , like he was trying to decipher what she was really getting at . 
 `` so , no then , '' she mumbled . 
 `` if i could do anything , would i be a farmer ? 
 is that what you 're asking ? '' 
 his deep voice sounded loud in the quiet forest . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' he answered . 
 `` but i have to be realistic , rema . 
 it 's a good holding . 
 i 'll make enough money to take care of you . 
 we 'll have a home to live in . 
 all i need is someone to share my life with . '' 
 bren appeared agitated . 
 rema could n't help but smile at the way his lip protruded , his hands clenched in fists resting on his hips , and eyebrows bent inward . 
 he was a handsome man with his black hair and dark eyes . 
 bren had wide shoulders and strong muscles from working on the farm . 
 rema knew other girls were attracted to him , but it was n't like that between the two of them . 
 not wanting to upset her husband-to-be , rema reached out and stroked his arm until his shoulders relaxed and the tense look on his face disappeared . 
 `` but why me ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 he gently took both her hands in his . 
 `` because you 're my friend . 
 and you 're beautiful , a hard worker , and strong . 
 you 'll do well on the farm . '' 
 bren 's thumb traced rema 's band , and she recalled prince darmik . 
 he had held her hand delicately , his fingers swirling softly over the marks on her band . 
 rema shivered . 
 bren 's hands , by comparison , were warm and sweaty . 
 bren stared at her , but she had nothing to say that would n't irritate him and cause a debate between the two of them . 
 normally that was something she would n't mind doing , but not with both of their families in the house awaiting their return . 
 instead , she said , `` we better get back . '' 
 rema tugged her hands from his and walked toward the house . 
 bren silently followed . 
 `` do n't you want to marry me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she stiffened but kept walking so he would n't see her face . 
 `` it is n't that , '' she stammered . 
 what could she say that would n't hurt his feelings , and yet , still allow her to be honest ? 
 `` it 's just that ... i had n't expected to marry so soon . 
 there are some things i want to do before i tie myself to another person . '' 
 that was hard for her to admit out loud . 
 she continued walking without glancing back . 
 as a child , she had rarely left the house . 
 aunt maya educated rema at home , and all of her free time was spent helping with the horses . 
 the older she got , the more rema 's aunt and uncle allowed her brief moments of solitude in the forest , but never in town and never around other people . 
 she always assumed that one day , when she was an adult , she would be able to do all the things she had dreamed about while growing up . 
 it appeared that time would never come . 
 for a moment , it was silent . 
 bren must have stopped , but seconds later , she heard the sound of tall grass against fabric as bren matched her pace , grabbing her hand and bringing her to a stop . 
 `` marrying is n't the end of your dreams , rema . 
 before we have children , we can travel a bit . 
 of course , it will have to be after the harvest . 
 but i 'm sure we can manage to do something . 
 then , once you have some babies , you 'll be so busy with them and the farm that you wo n't want to go anywhere . 
 besides , it 's not like the king will ever allow us to leave jarko anyway . '' 
 bren raised his left arm , revealing his black tattoo . 
 rema wanted to tear the mark from her wrist . 
 she was n't meant to be kept in a pen like an animal . 
 his arm dropped to his side , and rema dared a quick glance at his face . 
 just as she feared , it was there -- the look . 
 honesty , love , vulnerability , all mixed together , clear as day . 
 rema 's head pounded , and she gasped for air . 
 have children ? 
 run a farm ? 
 she was n't ready for all of this . 
 it was too much too soon . 
 she pulled away from bren and continued walking . 
 the sun had set and darkness descended upon them as they crossed back into the horse pasture . 
 rema caught a glimpse of two figures next to the barn . 
 it had to be aunt maya and uncle kar . 
 she went to see what they were doing outside , while bren 's parents were still inside . 
 when she got closer , rema realized they were arguing . 
 they never argued . 
 `` what if he shows up ? 
 what then ? '' 
 aunt maya sounded desperate . 
 `` we have n't heard from him in three years . 
 something must have happened , and you know the contingency plan . '' 
 rema slid into the shadows to listen as bren went inside , shaking his head in disapproval , apparently too good to eavesdrop . 
 `` but he made us promise , kar . 
 we told him we would n't let her marry . 
 yet here we are , with a signed contract . '' 
 uncle kar paced along the side of the barn . 
 `` are we supposed to wait forever ? 
 what if he never comes back , and then rema 's too old to marry ? 
 besides , what if she 's noticed ? 
 it 's risky not to have a solid contract . '' 
 his hands waved through the air in agitation . 
 rema wondered who they were talking about . 
 another potential suitor ? 
 `` i still think we should wait longer . 
 the wedding does n't have to happen next month , '' aunt maya pleaded . 
 `` we do n't have that luxury . 
 now , not another word . 
 we need to be done with this . '' 
 uncle kar stomped back into the house with aunt maya rushing behind him . 
 rema 's anxious ears were left wanting more . 
 **** `` i know you 're not happy about the situation , rema , '' uncle kar said , tightening his hands around the reins of the horses . 
 sitting as far away from her uncle on the wagon as she could , rema intended to ignore him so she could be alone with her thoughts . 
 he did n't take the hint . 
 `` but bren 's an honorable man . 
 he 'll be good to you . 
 take care of you . '' 
 the day was still young , with a damp fog covering the land , preventing the horses from kicking up dust , although it was still a little cold . 
 rema pulled her brown , knitted shawl tightly around her shoulders . 
 they traveled on a well-used road that went straight through the thick forest to the main town , past the governor of jarko 's fortress , and beyond . 
 it was not far from this very road that rema ran into prince darmik . 
 her eyes darted between the trees , searching the shadows for the mysterious commander who had held her hand so sweetly . 
 the wagon hit a rock , pulling her back to the task at hand . 
 a messenger had arrived last night , stating that lord filmar needed an exceptional horse delivered immediately . 
 uncle kar selected one of rema 's favorite horses . 
 not only was the stallion strong and beautiful , but it was stubborn , sometimes difficult to manage , and unbelievably fast , making him uncle kar 's first pick . 
 rema hated to see the stallion sold , but uncle kar had no choice -- it was worth too much to keep . 
 `` besides , '' he continued , `` you 're friends . 
 that should make things easier , '' he said , sounding like he was trying to convince even himself of the match . 
 rema shot him a look of steel . 
 `` if something happens to your aunt or me , i need to know you 're taken care of , '' he said . 
 aunt maya and uncle kar were always kind to rema , treating her well , and she was never forced to do anything she did n't want to -- until now . 
 rema turned away from him , unable to bear the pain on his face . 
 her aunt and uncle were getting old . 
 they were beyond their childbearing years when they took her in after her parents died in the takeover . 
 uncle kar 's hair was gray , along with his beard . 
 he was tall and rather strong for his age . 
 rema assumed it was from lifting bales of hay , buckets of water , and working with horses on a daily basis . 
 but uncle kar also had several scars on his arms above the tattoo on his wrist , and she wondered if he had ever been a soldier . 
 when rema asked him about it once , he told her that it was a long time ago , and he did n't want to talk about before . 
 rema thought of prince darmik . 
 when he had reached out to her on the riverbank , she noticed a scar starting at his knuckles and running up under his tunic . 
 next to his lips was another one . 
 the commander of a lethal army was bound to be covered with battle wounds . 
 `` i can take care of myself , '' she declared . 
 `` no doubt . 
 but there are other factors that need to be considered . 
 things you could n't possibly understand . '' 
 `` because i 'm a girl or because i 'm too young ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` you 're not too young . 
 you 're of marriageable age . 
 if you do n't marry soon , people will start to wonder . 
 we ca n't attract the attention , especially with the way you look . '' 
 his eyes focused on the dirt road in front of them , carefully avoiding her . 
 well , she could n't help the way she looked . 
 everyone on greenwood island had golden , tanned skin , dark hair , and brown eyes -- even her aunt and uncle . 
 rema never came across anyone with pale coloring and blonde hair like her own . 
 when rema asked aunt maya about it once , aunt maya told rema not to worry . 
 then maya got up and left the room , ending their conversation on the matter . 
 glancing at uncle kar , rema wondered what people he was referring to anyway ? 
 the town near their land was small . 
 she never came into contact with anyone . 
 if anything , her aunt and uncle prevented her from interacting with others . 
 the only reason she was friends with bren was because his father 's land was next to theirs . 
 rema did n't say anything else because there was nothing else to say , no way out of her predicament . 
 if only she felt the need to settle down , marry , and be a farmer 's wife . 
 but it did n't feel right to her . 
 she longed to run away and see the kingdom -- to experience all that it had to offer . 
 uncle kar reached over and patted her shoulder . 
 his hand was sun-browned and leathery , like the horse reins he held . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said . 
 `` this is n't what any of us planned . 
 but it 's the best we can do , given the circumstances . '' 
 rema did n't even try to understand him . 
 the wagon trudged on . 
 the beautiful horse they were delivering whinnied behind them . 
 the irony was n't lost on her . 
 darmik `` commander , your horse has arrived , '' the steward announced . 
 darmik nodded , dismissing him . 
 after scanning the rest of the report from lord lemar , the governor of telan , darmik was glad he was leaving jarko today . 
 the situation in telan was worse than he had originally thought , and he needed to see firsthand what was going on there . 
 his new horse better be fast . 
 darmik 's previous horse went lame , forcing him to leave it with a horse healer back in mullen . 
 in his haste to see what his brother was up to in jarko , darmik took a spare horse from his cavalry , but it was too small and slow for his liking . 
 over dinner yesterday , lord filmar spoke highly of a local horse breeder , stating that he was exceptional at producing warhorses . 
 an order for the fastest horse on hand was delivered last night . 
 walking down the corridor , he glanced outside . 
 the land on the south side of greenwood island was beautiful , especially here , where the hills were covered with trees , and the ground was coated with rich , green grass . 
 lord filmar , however , had cleared the area surrounding his castle to avoid being taken by surprise . 
 he was wise to be extra vigilant , as it did offer excellent views of the surrounding area -- and an excellent view of a midnight-black horse thundering across the land . 
 darmik froze , captivated by the sight before him . 
 chasing the wild horse was a girl with blonde hair . 
 even though she wore a plain , brown dress , the girl stood out , like the horse -- both wild and untamed . 
 it had to be tabitha , the girl from yesterday . 
 her coloring was so rare on greenwood island . 
 tabitha stopped running and held her body perfectly still , like the stem of a rose , while her hair danced in the wind like its leaves . 
 the horse ran and bucked until he realized he no longer had a pursuer . 
 stopping , the stallion searched until he found her . 
 then he ran full speed toward tabitha , his ears back . 
 she never flinched . 
 the horse stopped three feet away and snorted . 
 she held out her hand , revealing a red apple on her palm . 
 the stallion 's nostrils flared , smelling the air . 
 it cautiously moved closer until it was only inches from her hand . 
 darmik saw tabitha 's mouth move as she scratched the horse between his eyes . 
 then she took a couple of bites of the apple and spit them onto her palm . 
 the horse ate the pieces while darmik watched her grin from her victory . 
 as she started inching her way toward the stables , the stallion followed , eating from her hand . 
 darmik had to talk to her again . 
 he ran to the back of the stables , hoping to catch her alone . 
 he rounded the corner , slamming into her , knocking her to the ground . 
 big , round sapphire eyes looked up at him . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' darmik stammered , reaching down to help her up . 
 `` i did n't realize you were there . '' 
 `` prince darmik . '' 
 she politely nodded , getting to her feet on her own . 
 her eyes quickly scanned him from head to toe , lingering on his royal markings , which covered his neck and shoulders . 
 the black stallion whinnied and ran away from them . 
 tabitha sighed , exasperated . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` um . '' 
 he was n't usually at a loss of words , but there was something about her piercing gaze that made him forget what he was doing . 
 she cleared her throat and brushed the dirt from her dress . 
 `` sorry about that . '' 
 he pointed to her , indicating the collision . 
 her eyes darted behind him . 
 darmik glanced back , but no one was there . 
 `` are you looking for someone ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` my uncle . 
 he 's waiting for me . 
 we just came to deliver this horse . '' 
 she waved her hand toward the black stallion grazing nearby . 
 tabitha certainly was bold , and far more interesting than any of the nobles darmik had ever met . 
 but then again , she was n't from the noble class -- she was from the merchant class . 
 still , she stood out as if she did n't belong to anyone or anything . 
 `` tabitha ? '' 
 he took a step toward her , wanting to get closer . 
 `` that 's not my name , '' she stated . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 he remembered her band : tabitha , seventeen years old , niece of kar and maya , not yet married or engaged . 
 `` are n't you the commander of the king 's army ? '' 
 she asked . 
 darmik nodded . 
 `` do n't you have an army to run ? 
 or do you only hunt and mosey about , pretending to be of use to the kingdom ? 
 i thought king barjon would manage to keep you busier . '' 
 was she serious ? 
 nobody had ever spoken to him in such a manner . 
 `` well , '' he began to answer , but she started laughing . 
 `` i go by rema . '' 
 she held out her hand in greeting . 
 darmik never shook hands with anyone . 
 even though he was the commander of the army , he was also a prince , and his men addressed him as such . 
 shaking hands was for commoners . 
 her pale hand remained suspended in air , waiting for him . 
 his hand slid into hers . 
 `` prince darmik , '' he responded , shaking her warm hand , eager for the chance to touch her again . 
 `` i got that part . '' 
 rema smiled . 
 her breath smelled sweet , like apples . 
 she tried pulling her hand from his , but he refused to release her . 
 `` let me escort you inside the stables . '' 
 darmik put her hand on his arm . 
 she seemed reluctant at first , but he pulled her along toward the front of the stables , not giving her a chance to refuse . 
 `` do you live nearby ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes . '' 
 when she did n't elaborate , he forged on . 
 `` i have n't seen blonde hair very often . 
 does your mother have the same coloring ? '' 
 as soon as he asked the question , he knew he 'd made an error . 
 her body tensed . 
 he looked down at her , remembering her band said she lived with her aunt and uncle . 
 rema shook her head , refusing to answer . 
 afraid he 'd offended her , he continued . 
 `` i 've traveled to emperion . 
 almost everyone there has blonde hair and blue eyes . '' 
 `` you 've been to emperion ? '' 
 she asked , squeezing his arm . 
 `` yes . 
 for training . '' 
 rema 's eyes widened . 
 `` tell me about it , '' she demanded . 
 darmik smiled in response to her excitement . 
 `` rema ! '' 
 a stable hand yelled . 
 `` i forgot about my uncle , '' rema said . 
 `` he 's waiting for me . 
 i have to go . '' 
 she jerked her hand away from darmik 's arm and spun around , heading back the way they came . 
 rema glanced over her shoulder and smiled at him . 
 then she rounded the corner and disappeared . 
 not ready for her to go , darmik jogged after her . 
 nearing the corner , he heard the boy say , `` we 'll miss seeing you , rema . '' 
 darmik turned the corner and saw the stable hand holding a pitchfork , his face bright red . 
 `` you have such a way with the horses , '' the boy stammered . 
 `` i 'm getting married , not dying . '' 
 she smiled mischievously . 
 `` you 'll see me again . '' 
 `` rema , '' darmik could n't help himself . 
 `` you 're engaged ? '' 
 the stable hand dropped to one knee and bowed his head . 
 rema 's smile vanished . 
 standing just behind her , next to the stables , was an older man . 
 the elderly man 's eyes moved from darmik to rema and back again . 
 his face lost all color as he knelt on the ground . 
 darmik assumed this was rema 's uncle . 
 rema 's eyes bore into darmik 's . 
 `` yes , prince darmik , '' she answered , kneeling before him . 
 `` i am engaged , '' she replied softly . 
 `` the signed contract was delivered to lord filmar today . 
 my band is going to be marked tomorrow . '' 
 darmik was about to reply when a flicker to his left caught his attention . 
 his brother , prince lennek , stood just inside the stables with a devious smile . 
 darmik prayed he had n't drawn any attention to rema . 
 lennek leaned against the wall , watching . 
 `` you 're dismissed , '' darmik said , trying to sound nonchalant . 
 he moved past rema , into the stables . 
 seconds later , darmik heard the sound of a wagon pulled by horses , and rema was gone . 
 lennek sauntered over to him . 
 `` she was beautiful , in a wild sort of way , '' he mused . 
 `` she looks like a bit of a challenge . '' 
 he cocked an eyebrow . 
 `` might be fun though . 
 and you know how much i love a challenge . '' 
 darmik had the urge to punch that smirk off his brother 's face . 
 lennek always knew which buttons to push . 
 anytime darmik was interested in something , lennek had to have it , whether he wanted it or not , just to prove he was better . 
 darmik drew in a deep breath , smelling horse sweat and sweet hay . 
 he could n't dismiss rema -- lennek was too smart and perceptive . 
 `` blonde hair is so rare that i found her appearance interesting . 
 not my type though . 
 not only is she a commoner , but she 's engaged . '' 
 lennek 's eyes sparkled . 
 `` definitely a challenge . '' 
 `` laws are laws , lennek . 
 some not even you can break . '' 
 `` no , '' he laughed , `` but there are always ways around them . '' 
 lennek strolled out of the stables . 
 darmik 's hands curled into fists , and he forced himself to keep his feet rooted in place . 
 this was typical of lennek , pushing darmik 's buttons just for fun . 
 darmik needed to be rational . 
 it was n't like lennek would go after rema just to get to him . 
 that would require too much work , something lennek would n't do unless instant gratification was involved . 
 once lennek was out of sight , darmik left and found the stallion . 
 he was beautiful , and darmik remembered his father having one similar to it when they first arrived on greenwood island . 
 darmik was just two years old when his father invaded and took over the kingdom . 
 his mother had died in childbirth , and his father was always busy . 
 it was natural for darmik to turn to his brother , who was only three years older . 
 but darmik physically excelled in all that he did , and everything between the brothers became a contest . 
 who was the better swordsman , the fastest runner , the stronger fighter ? 
 and when darmik started consistently beating his older brother at everything , lennek refused to compete physically , and instead , found other ways to prove his worth . 
 when darmik was ten , the king explained that lennek was born to lead and was the heir to the kingdom that they controlled , and it was darmik 's duty to protect his father and his brother , no matter what . 
 at thirteen , darmik began his training as a soldier . 
 at sixteen , he became an officer . 
 by eighteen , he led the entire army . 
 the position of commander was of great prestige and importance where they came from . 
 usually someone much older held the position , someone who earned it and worked his way up . 
 however , the king wanted to ensure loyalty from his army , and what better way than to put his son at the head of it ? 
 **** the black stallion was exceptionally fast . 
 darmik rode it hard for three days , and the horse showed no signs of fatigue . 
 the only problem with the animal was that it reminded him of rema . 
 darmik pictured her jumping from the cliff into the river below , holding her soft hand on his arm , and lennek ruining it all with the way he mocked the laws , saying , `` there are always ways around them . '' 
 so now , even darmik 's memories of rema were tainted by lennek . 
 did he have to destroy everything ? 
 `` commander , '' the corporal said . 
 `` the city is in sight . '' 
 `` thank you . 
 ready your men . '' 
 the corporal nodded and gave the order for his men to stop and dismount . 
 they set up camp while darmik and three of the soldiers changed into plain , merchant clothes , hiding their weapons and uniforms in their saddlebags . 
 `` listen up ! '' 
 darmik yelled . 
 all twenty soldiers turned to him . 
 `` i 'm going in with three men to assess the situation in telan . 
 the governor said that things are becoming violent . 
 we will not take any action today . 
 understood ? '' 
 everyone nodded . 
 `` good . 
 i 'll be back here tomorrow before sunrise . 
 be ready to move out . '' 
 darmik and three soldiers mounted and rode toward the city , choosing to enter from the western side . 
 maintaining control in the region of telan was vital . 
 telan was in the center of the kingdom , extending from the base of the middle mountains all the way to the great bay . 
 the governor resided in usavo , the largest city in telan . 
 after the invasion of greenwood island seventeen years ago , there had been great civil unrest . 
 the people had fought the invading army valiantly , for not only were they insanely loyal to the royal family , but they loved and respected them . 
 and darmik 's father had killed them all . 
 the king , queen , two princes , one princess , and every single relative had been murdered . 
 the royal bloodline was extinct . 
 the tentative peace that besotted the kingdom for the previous decade was rapidly fading . 
 during the past year , darmik saw a shift from a quiet , obedient kingdom to one on the brink of war . 
 people were hungry ; times were bad . 
 darmik wanted a strong presence to intimidate the local populace , and in turn , keep control . 
 he even made an example out of a few civilians . 
 yet , when his father refused to listen to reason and continued to raise taxes and oppress the governors , of course the people rebelled . 
 there was only so much they could handle , and only so much darmik could do to keep the peace . 
 darmik and his men entered the city from one of the many side streets . 
 there were several wood buildings , all built side by side with no room in between . 
 each structure was rundown with missing windows and peeling plaster . 
 most were two stories tall , housing several families . 
 the horses ' hooves echoed on the cobblestone roads . 
 it was quiet -- too quiet . 
 darmik glanced in the windows and down alleys , looking for people , wondering where everyone was . 
 after several blocks , darmik estimated they were close to the center of the city . 
 he guessed that 's where people were gathered . 
 darmik made sure he kept a two-block buffer from the town square and then headed north , parallel to it . 
 a sound erupted , a hum similar to a swarm of bees . 
 the humming grew in volume until darmik realized the noise was a crowd of people . 
 the noise came from the main street to his right . 
 passing a crossroad , darmik saw several people standing at the end of the street . 
 they looked like merchants and workers crammed together , trying to hear what someone up ahead was saying . 
 dismounting , darmik jogged down an alley and peered over the heads of the crowd to discover who they were listening to . 
 in the center of the town square , a man in his fifties with clean , snug-fitting clothes was standing on a wood crate . 
 obviously , he was n't starving like so many around him . 
 `` it 's time for change ! '' 
 the man yelled . 
 `` is your family suffering from hunger ? '' 
 he continued . 
 `` are your living conditions insufferable ? 
 are you working hard but giving your earnings away to the king ? '' 
 everyone screamed `` yes '' in agreement . 
 `` i ask you this -- what right does the king have to even be ruling us ? 
 why does he decide how i live ? '' 
 the crowd cheered . 
 the man raised his hands to quiet everyone down . 
 `` civilians , do you remember before ? '' 
 silence fell over the people . 
 no one ever talked about before . 
 `` the rightful rulers were just , fair , and listened to the people . 
 we had a say . '' 
 everyone around darmik mumbled to one another . 
 the speaker continued , `` there was n't an army patrolling our lands , threatening and killing the people . 
 we were n't branded and tagged like animals . '' 
 darmik slowly backed up and rejoined his men . 
 the horses were skittish , sensing the crowd 's tension . 
 `` let 's get moving , '' darmik said , mounting his horse . 
 `` i want to be at the governor 's before the crowd disperses . '' 
 it became quieter the further they traveled from the town square . 
 off to the left was the town 's market , but the shops and vendors were already closed for the day . 
 a scrawny dog ran between two carts , and then disappeared . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 one of the soldiers asked , pointing up ahead . 
 a dark-brown blanket covered a lump on the side of the road . 
 a little girl , about five years old , was sitting next to it . 
 when darmik got closer , he saw that the girl was filthy , her face smeared with black ash , dress torn , and bare feet caked with dirt . 
 the child moved part of the blanket away , and a stiff hand fell out from underneath . 
 darmik dismounted and knelt down . 
 the heavy , brown-wool fabric covered a woman in her twenties . 
 her face was sunken and white -- it looked like she was dead . 
 `` please , '' the little girl cried . 
 `` i 'm so hungry . 
 do you have any food ? '' 
 she clutched the dead woman 's hand . 
 darmik wanted to wrap the child in his arms , to comfort and protect her . 
 if she was n't taken care of and fed some decent food , she 'd starve to death , too . 
 not wanting to scare her , darmik said in a soothing voice , `` we have food , child . 
 do not fear . '' 
 he crouched next to the woman and felt her wrist . 
 sure enough , there was n't a pulse , and her skin was cold . 
 `` feed the girl , '' darmik instructed his men . 
 one of his soldiers pulled out the rest of his bread and cheese and handed it to the child . 
 she quickly snatched it from him and bit into the bread . 
 `` thank you , '' she mumbled as she chewed . 
 `` is there someone to care for you ? '' 
 darmik asked . 
 the girl looked up at him . 
 `` my mum , '' she said , pointing at the body next to her . 
 did n't she know her mother was dead ? 
 the woman appeared to have died earlier in the day or late last night . 
 there was no reason for civilians to starve to death . 
 if the king did n't collect so much money in taxes , maybe they could afford to feed themselves . 
 darmik 's arms shook with rage . 
 he remembered the feast he shared with lennek at lord filmar 's . 
 a door slammed on a shack near the road , and an elderly woman hobbled toward him . 
 `` get away from her ! '' 
 she shouted with a mouth missing teeth , waving her frail arms about . 
 `` move it ! 
 we do n't want no trouble here ! '' 
 `` do you know that person ? '' 
 darmik asked . 
 the child nodded . 
 he patted her on the head . 
 `` be a good little girl then , and go with her . '' 
 he tried to smile , but could n't . 
 he did n't have any money on him , or he would 've given it all to the child . 
 he prayed she would be safe with the elderly woman . 
 he prayed she would n't starve to death . 
 `` let 's go , '' he said to his men . 
 when they arrived at the governor 's residence , darmik slipped in through the servants ' entrance and found an empty room . 
 only after he cleaned and changed into his commander 's uniform , did darmik make his presence known . 
 the steward immediately escorted him to the governor 's office . 
 `` prince darmik , thank you for coming so quickly . '' 
 lord lemar gestured to the chair opposite his desk . 
 like most of the governor 's offices , this one was ornate with a rare greenwood desk , intricately carved with hunting scenes . 
 books surrounded the walls , separated by paintings and statues . 
 a large , square window revealed the vast mountain range in the distance . 
 it was open , allowing the cool , fall air into the room . 
 darmik sat and studied the man . 
 `` did the taxes increase again ? '' 
 lord lemar rubbed his face , tired . 
 `` king barjon demanded a ten-percent increase . 
 i had no choice but to pass the cost on . 
 another increase and i fear there 'll be nothing you or i can do to fix this mess . '' 
 the governor looked like he had pale purple bruises under his eyes , as if he had n't slept in days . 
 he was skinnier than the last time darmik had seen him . 
 after any increase in taxes , it usually took the people a few seasons to adjust . 
 but this was the second increase this season . 
 either the people would all starve to death , or there would be a bloody civil war . 
 in either case , the outcome would be disastrous . 
 did the king not understand this ? 
 `` i 'll make it known that i 'm here , '' darmik said . 
 `` i 've already requested two platoons from the third company . 
 they should arrive tomorrow . 
 you wo n't be able to go anywhere without seeing a soldier . '' 
 it was the best he could do for now . 
 lord lemar nodded . 
 `` is there any way you can talk to king barjon ? '' 
 darmik almost laughed . 
 he had no sway with his father . 
 `` i control the army , '' he said . 
 `` i protect the king and prince . 
 politics -- now that 's another matter entirely . '' 
 he shifted in his seat . 
 `` speaking of the prince , rumors say he 's ready to settle down . 
 many hope that it 's true . 
 it might restore some faith in the crown , '' the governor meekly replied . 
 that was the one thing his father was never able to gain -- the loyalty and respect of the people . 
 king barjon ruled by fear , and many hoped that once prince lennek took over -- and if he married someone from greenwood island -- things might get better . 
 not that many had faith in lennek , but there were no alternatives . 
 perhaps he was the lesser of two evils . 
 `` i have n't heard anything , '' darmik responded . 
 `` but i 've been away from king 's city for several weeks . 
 i 'm sure as soon as things are settled , an announcement will be made . '' 
 the idea of lennek marrying caused darmik to shudder . 
 pity the girl who had to deal with his temper and wild ways . 
 lennek would never settle down , regardless of being married . 
 darmik was more than done with this conversation ; there were more important things on his mind . 
 rema rema had been out riding snow , trying to clear her mind . 
 a certain prince who wielded a sword for a living insisted on invading her thoughts . 
 she could n't believe she 'd run into him twice . 
 down by the river he had been dressed in plain hunting gear , giving no indication of his rank . 
 then at the governor 's , darmik had on a tunic revealing his marks . 
 she 'd never seen a royal person 's tattoos before . 
 darmik 's were black swirls , almost like dancing flames , which covered his lower neck and shoulders . 
 the points were accentuated by silver and blue , giving the marks a regal air to them . 
 and on his wrist , he did n't bear the black region mark like everyone else on the island . 
 instead , on his forearm , he had a silver sun with a blue crown wrapped around it . 
 but perhaps the most intriguing part of darmik was the fact that he 'd been to emperion . 
 rema could n't imagine traveling by boat to a foreign kingdom . 
 the experiences he encountered had to be exciting . 
 if only they 'd had more time to talk . 
 but what was she thinking ? 
 it was insane to indulge in such notions . 
 he was a prince , and she only a commoner . 
 taking off her dirty clothes , rema slipped on a dress like all the others she wore . 
 they were plain , long sleeved , floor length , and either brown or gray depending upon which fabric was not only the sturdiest , but also the cheapest . 
 aunt maya made all rema 's clothes and there was never any deviation in their design . 
 while tying her dress , rema glanced around her simple , modest room . 
 the walls were bare white without any decorations . 
 there was a small bed adorned with a brown quilt . 
 she also had an armoire and dresser , both with plain hardware . 
 rema 's favorite part of the room was the window overlooking the horse pasture . 
 watching the beautiful animals always calmed her mind . 
 someone pounded on the front door . 
 it was probably bren . 
 since their betrothal , he diligently came every afternoon once his work for the day was complete . 
 uncle kar no longer permitted rema and bren to ride horses or take walks alone , which was silly because nothing inappropriate was going to happen between them . 
 they were just friends . 
 rema could n't think of bren in any capacity other than friendship . 
 but uncle kar did n't agree , and rema and bren were forced to sit in the house , usually accompanied by aunt maya . 
 their supervised visits were awkward . 
 often times , rema had no idea what to even say to bren . 
 when rema told uncle kar it was ridiculous that they be watched at all times , he simply said that she was engaged now and proper etiquette needed to be followed . 
 still , she 'd been alone with bren before , what was the difference now ? 
 rema peeked in the mirror -- her hair was a mess . 
 it was pulled together at the back of her head , but the wind from her ride had tousled it , making it stick up in various places . 
 she laughed , thinking that she almost looked like a wild flower with her face the center and her hair the petals . 
 she pulled the tie from her hair , and braided her blonde locks . 
 now presentable , it was time for her visit with bren . 
 walking down the hallway , rema heard aunt maya speaking to a man whose voice she did n't recognize . 
 she hurried to the sitting room , hoping everything was fine . 
 `` absolutely preposterous ! '' 
 aunt maya yelled . 
 she stood at the front door , reading a piece of paper . 
 a man dressed in a uniform bearing the royal family 's emblem and colors , stood outside . 
 `` this is appalling , '' aunt maya said , her arms trembling . 
 rema approached and put her hand on aunt maya 's shoulder , trying to steady her . 
 aunt maya shook her head ever so slightly , and then threw the paper at the man . 
 `` she 's not going anywhere with you -- especially unescorted . 
 it 's illegal . '' 
 maya slammed the door , pursing her lips . 
 the man yelled , `` i am here to escort her . 
 and let me remind you that it is illegal to disobey a royal summons ! '' 
 `` i do n't care , '' aunt maya angrily whispered . 
 `` who was that man , and what did he mean by royal summons ? '' 
 rema asked . 
 aunt maya mumbled , `` what are we going to do ? '' 
 she massaged her temples and paced around the small room . 
 with aunt maya 's hair pulled back in a tight bun and her skin suntanned with age spots , she suddenly looked fragile and older . 
 `` are you well ? '' 
 rema asked , reaching for her aunt 's hand . 
 instead , aunt maya embraced rema in a tight hug . 
 `` kar will know what to do . 
 how we can fix this . '' 
 maya released rema and ran out the back door , slamming it closed behind her . 
 rema was shocked . 
 her aunt and uncle always obeyed the law and were careful not to draw attention to themselves . 
 but aunt maya had told the man that `` she '' was n't going anywhere . 
 rema wondered if the `` she '' aunt maya had referred to was rema , and if so , how did she fit into all of this ? 
 the man , still standing outside , slid the paper under the door . 
 after rema heard him walk away from the house , she picked up the paper and read it . 
 she was astounded -- it was a royal summons addressed solely to her for a dinner party hosted by lord filmar in honor of the visiting prince lennek . 
 the invitation stated that the prince specifically requested her presence , and she was to arrive unaccompanied . 
 rema could n't believe the audacity of prince lennek . 
 he had to know she was only the niece of a merchant and engaged -- the paperwork had already been delivered to lord filmar for approval . 
 everyone knew the law : once the marriage contract was signed , the woman could no longer go out in public alone . 
 yet , prince lennek did n't care . 
 it went in line with what she had heard about him -- he got everything he wanted , he was spoiled , and had no idea how to rule a kingdom . 
 but what were his intentions with her ? 
 sitting on a chair , rema tried picturing what a dinner party at the governor 's would be like . 
 she imagined everyone in fancy dresses , dancing . 
 there would be lively music , food , and people laughing -- just like a scene from a book . 
 the back door slammed shut . 
 aunt maya entered , carrying an armload of white fabric . 
 she sat down next to rema . 
 `` we need to talk . '' 
 aunt maya 's voice was firm , her hands fidgeting with the material . 
 rema knew the fabric was for her wedding dress , and suddenly she did n't want to talk . 
 her legs itched for movement . 
 `` i 've just discussed matters with your uncle . 
 the marriage bonding will take place in one week , '' aunt maya said matter-of-factly , keeping her eyes focused on the fabric . 
 `` why so soon ? '' 
 clearing her throat , maya avoided the question and said , `` we need to sew your dress . 
 i 'll never finish if you do n't help me . '' 
 aunt maya bit her lip as if she wanted to say more but could n't . 
 she busied herself opening the sewing box and rummaging around inside . 
 finally , she pulled out a needle and thread , handing it to rema . 
 so this was it then ? 
 no discussion , no explanation ? 
 no mention of the summons ? 
 were they going to ignore it ? 
 rema reluctantly threaded the needle and took the fabric aunt maya shoved at her . 
 `` this used to be my dress , '' aunt maya explained . 
 `` it should fit you , but we need to let the hem down and fix the sleeves . '' 
 after some brief instructions , rema began sewing . 
 they sat in silence . 
 aunt maya shoved the needle viciously through the dress , snapping the thread . 
 rema decided she 'd wait and talk to uncle kar about this new decision . 
 as awful as the idea of marriage was to rema , at least it was to someone she genuinely liked and respected . 
 and bren would treat her well . 
 it could be worse -- a lot worse . 
 rema still had no idea what her aunt and uncle were n't telling her , and she did n't dare ask about the summons she snuck a look at . 
 not paying attention to what she was doing , rema stabbed the needle into her finger by accident , drawing blood . 
 she really disliked sewing . 
 working with horses was much more preferable . 
 threading the needle , rema began hemming the seam . 
 she wished she could do something physical instead , like run to her cliff and dive into the bone-chilling water below . 
 hopefully , bren would n't prevent her from going into the forest alone once they married . 
 she had never told him about jumping into the somer river because he would never understand . 
 `` what 's that sound ? '' 
 aunt maya asked . 
 thundering hooves resonated through the house , growing louder with each passing second . 
 rema wondered who it could be because bren 's family did n't own a carriage . 
 aunt maya jumped up and ran to the window , moving the curtain aside . 
 `` i want you to leave . 
 right now . '' 
 aunt maya 's voice shook . 
 `` wait . '' 
 she ran to the fireplace , removed a small stone from the hearth , and pulled out a red velvet pouch . 
 `` take this with you . '' 
 maya opened the pouch , revealing a delicate gold chain , baring a skeleton key with a heart-shaped ruby diamond at the top of its cylindrical shaft of solid gold . 
 aunt maya carefully placed the beautiful necklace into rema 's hand . 
 `` put it on . 
 it is a precious family heirloom . '' 
 rema curled her fingers over the treasure , feeling the weight of it in her palm . 
 she was about to ask why maya was giving it to her when she saw her aunt 's ghostly white face . 
 aunt maya 's eyes were tense and narrow -- the panic clear . 
 throwing her sewing aside , rema put the necklace on and grabbed her riding boots . 
 she slipped out the back door , sprinting to the stables . 
 despite having little money , uncle kar managed to keep the barn impeccable . 
 it was a tall , white , wooden structure about eighty-feet long . 
 there were four rows of stalls , for a total of twenty-four . 
 they kept their personal horses along the east wall , and the horses they were raising and training along the west . 
 it was hard falling in love with the horses , only to turn around and sell them once they were fully trained . 
 rema never knew who bought their horses other than the governor . 
 uncle kar was always quiet about his business transactions . 
 rema never understood why . 
 she ran inside the stables , the familiar smell of hay immediately calming her . 
 jogging over to snow 's stall , rema found uncle kar feeding the horses -- a chore she enjoyed doing . 
 she lifted her saddle and threw it on snow . 
 `` are you going for a ride ? '' 
 uncle kar asked , filling up another bucket , eyeing his own horse . 
 `` no , aunt maya insisted that i leave . 
 immediately . '' 
 rema tightened the girth strap and put on snow 's bridle . 
 snow pawed the ground with his front hoof , eager to ride , sensing rema 's tension . 
 she rubbed his nose and gave soothing words to calm him down . 
 uncle kar 's face turned whiter than snow 's coat . 
 he involuntarily nodded . 
 even from the barn , they heard the riders approaching . 
 stepping closer , he lowered his voice and asked , `` do you remember the special place i showed you ? '' 
 he noticed rema wearing the necklace and slipped it under the neckline of her dress , out of sight . 
 `` the cave ? '' 
 rema lifted one foot to the stirrup . 
 she always wondered why they had a secret place , but over time , had learned not to ask questions and just accept it as normal . 
 `` do you remember where it is ? 
 how to get there ? '' 
 uncle kar asked . 
 she swung her leg over snow 's back and mounted . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` go there and wait for me . 
 do n't come home until i meet you . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 his cheek twitched -- something it did when he was worried . 
 rema nodded , riding snow to the exit . 
 uncle kar swatted the horse , and it bolted out of the barn . 
 lying low , she heeled snow , pushing him to a full gallop . 
 glancing back , she saw uncle kar running from the stables to the house . 
 in less than a minute , rema was shielded by the thick greenwood trees . 
 rema never ran into anyone in the forest . 
 well , except for prince darmik , commander of the king 's army . 
 but other than that one time , she was always alone when she rode in the woods . 
 the sound of horses rapidly approaching was so strange that it took her a moment to react . 
 she caught a glimpse of royal-blue against the backdrop of the green forest . 
 royal-blue -- the king 's colors . 
 the royal summons . 
 disobeying an order . 
 veering snow right , they quickly climbed a hill toward the secret cave . 
 rema hoped her aunt and uncle were unharmed . 
 they should have left with her . 
 `` rema ! '' 
 a man yelled . 
 `` we know you 're out here ! 
 you are hereby ordered to return with us to your residence ! '' 
 the voice echoed in the forest . 
 he was close . 
 however , she knew the land better than these soldiers did . 
 and the word surrender was n't in her vocabulary . 
 she nudged snow onward . 
 darmik darmik dressed in plain brown trousers and a black shirt , making sure all of his royal markings were covered . 
 then he slipped out of the castle and past the gate , along with the servants going home for the night . 
 keeping his head low , he walked toward the main street , looking for one of the larger taverns . 
 the group of men ahead of him talked about getting a drink before going home . 
 darmik followed them to the main street leading to the town square . 
 things seemed back to normal -- no evidence that any sort of gathering had occurred earlier in the day . 
 people went about their business , heading home from work . 
 stores were open again . 
 a sign hung above a large , wooden structure reading : usavo tavern . 
 light shone from the windows and several people stood outside , laughing . 
 entering the packed , stuffy room , darmik was immediately assaulted by the smell of bread , ale , and body sweat . 
 nudging his way to the bar , he ordered a drink . 
 darmik listened to the conversations around him . 
 it did n't take long to figure out people were talking about what had happened in the town square earlier today . 
 the man on his right was speaking to five men , all in their early twenties . 
 `` he made good points , '' the man said . 
 `` yeah , but what can we do to change anything ? '' 
 another one asked . 
 good , darmik thought . 
 the speaker today was n't actively organizing people . 
 he was only in the beginning stages -- getting the people riled up . 
 `` excuse me , '' darmik interrupted , `` do you know the name of the speaker from the town square ? '' 
 the men turned toward him . 
 darmik took a sip of ale , acting casual . 
 `` do n't know . 
 never seen him before , '' one of them answered . 
 `` i was walking by and heard him shouting . 
 i stayed cause i liked what he had to say . 
 turned into a mighty good gathering , do n't ya think ? '' 
 `` it was very interesting , indeed , '' darmik answered . 
 `` know of any other meetings ? 
 i 'm new in town . '' 
 `` no , '' a man replied . 
 `` but when someone wants to speak , word spreads like fire . '' 
 darmik nodded and finished his drink . 
 he was glad there was n't a leader spearheading the campaign . 
 that meant there was hope he could end the demonstrations before any real damage was done . 
 wanting to get back to the governor 's before his absence was noticed , he headed toward the exit . 
 a man nudged his shoulder and whispered , `` news just arrived . 
 it 's time to prepare . 
 the end is near . '' 
 there was a gleam to the man 's eyes as he smiled . 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 darmik asked . 
 `` the word is to be prepared . 
 the key will arrive . 
 we must all be ready . '' 
 the man bounced on the balls of his feet in excitement . 
 `` tell everyone , but do n't let the soldiers know . '' 
 he moved on to the next person , saying the same thing . 
 another young man came over . 
 `` did you hear ? 
 the royal family is alive ! '' 
 he said with tears of jubilation . 
 of course they are alive , darmik thought . 
 he was standing right there , and his father and brother were always well protected . 
 darmik moved to leave . 
 `` any word on which one survived ? '' 
 another man behind darmik asked . 
 darmik froze . 
 was there an attack he was unaware of ? 
 he turned to the men . 
 `` no , only that one of them did . 
 and we best be ready to restore them to the throne . '' 
 the room spun before darmik . 
 he left before his face could reveal anything . 
 did he hear correctly ? 
 a member of the previous royal line had survived ? 
 this was the first he 'd heard of it . 
 of course , it was probably a ruse , gossip to rile up the people . 
 the previous royal family -- king , queen , and three children -- bore a secret royal tattoo identifying them as the true bloodline . 
 their relatives all had a different variation of the mark . 
 king barjon demanded that the entire line be exterminated , and he claimed he had proof . 
 since none of the civilians knew about the secret tattoo , or what it looked like , it would be impossible for an imposter to pass someone off as a descendent of the royal line . 
 **** the sun shone directly overhead as darmik walked along the wooden platform hastily constructed for the execution . 
 it was in the middle of the town square -- the same spot the man on the crate had spoken the other day . 
 armed soldiers stood around the perimeter of the stage . 
 the prisoners knelt in the center , each held upright by a soldier , whose face was covered with a black mask , concealing his identity . 
 darmik had the prisoners ' hands bound and mouths gagged so they could n't talk . 
 they were also covered in dirt , their faces purple with newly swelling bruises . 
 darmik turned toward the peasant crowd of several hundred standing in the town square . 
 he stood with his hands clasped behind his back . 
 in full uniform -- royal-blue tunic with a silver sun embroidered on the front , along with a crown above his chest -- he demanded attention from every single person there . 
 archers stood around the edge of the crowd , ready . 
 it was silent , the people waiting for darmik to speak . 
 he pointedly looked into as many eyes as he could . 
 he had to maintain control over telan . 
 otherwise the kingdom would n't survive . 
 `` you are all here to witness the execution of these men , '' darmik nodded to the seven prisoners . 
 `` each of them has been found guilty of treason , punishable by death . 
 anyone who talks of removing our king is subject to arrest and execution . 
 the law is the law , and i will enforce it accordingly . '' 
 his voice echoed over the crowd . 
 civilians glared at him with hatred in their eyes , but they remained silent . 
 darmik noticed a desperateness to the people . 
 most were skinny with bones protruding from lack of food . 
 they did n't understand that darmik was trying to protect them . 
 instead , they saw the crown and army as the enemy . 
 movement caught darmik 's attention , and he glanced left . 
 a teenage boy threw a rotting apple toward the soldier at the end of the platform , hitting the soldier on the shoulder . 
 a few people cheered . 
 foolish , darmik thought . 
 did n't these people have any sense of self-preservation ? 
 the boy , young and naïve , looked fifteen years old . 
 he was probably buying into the rumors . 
 guards were stationed throughout the crowd . 
 a soldier near the boy moved toward him . 
 the teenager pulled out another rotting apple , raised his arm , and the soldier jumped , knocking the boy to the ground . 
 the soldier yanked the teenager up and bound his hands . 
 `` murderers ! '' 
 the boy screamed , thrashing his body , trying to break loose . 
 the soldier punched him in the stomach . 
 the insolent youth doubled over . 
 another soldier helped drag the boy away . 
 a few other civilians had items hidden in their hands . 
 it was a pathetic attempt to retaliate . 
 `` anyone else care to join the boy ? '' 
 darmik asked . 
 `` i have enough soldiers to arrest everyone here . '' 
 he detested being harsh with people who were starving and desperate . 
 searching the crowd , darmik remembered the little girl from the other day sitting next to her dead mother . 
 he imagined her innocent eyes watching him , like the commoners here did , with sad , judging eyes . 
 he inwardly cringed , but kept his expression blank . 
 slowly walking to the other end of the platform , he scrutinized the prisoners . 
 after darmik had left the tavern the other night , he followed the individual who had told him an heir existed . 
 the man seemed intent on telling every single person he passed to be prepared , that the key would arrive , and they would fight to restore the throne to its rightful owner . 
 unfortunately , this man was n't the only one spreading the rumor . 
 darmik found an additional six men repeating the message . 
 darmik decided to have them all apprehended . 
 each prisoner bore telan 's mark on his left wrist . 
 after extensive questioning to try to ascertain specific names of the people organizing the rebellion , and what their plans were , darmik realized that these men knew nothing -- they were simply messengers . 
 the man who had spoken in the town center approached them after the gathering . 
 he paid each of the men money to deliver the message , `` the key is coming and we will take back the throne and restore our kingdom to its former glory . '' 
 the only solution was to kill the messengers to prevent any sort of uprising -- to save the lives of civilians by sacrificing these men . 
 it was a steep price to pay to prove a point . 
 the prisoners seethed with hatred , yet none of them fought back . 
 putting the men in jail would 've been darmik 's preferred choice of action , but that would n't accomplish anything . 
 a public execution instilled fear , and this crowd needed to fear authority right now . 
 sometimes the power darmik wielded scared him . 
 often times , it overburdened him . 
 hating to do it , darmik lifted his hand and gave the signal . 
 the seven soldiers released the prisoners , raised their axes , and in less than thirty seconds , it was done . 
 blood splattered on the floor . 
 the heads were skewered on spikes and placed on the platform for all to see . 
 a reminder to the people of the king 's authority , and the power of the army backing the king . 
 darmik nodded to his men , who then pulled the mutilated bodies from the platform , throwing them onto the ground for their families to bury or burn . 
 although he 'd seen worse , darmik still had to remind himself why he was doing this -- those men wanted to overthrow the king , and he had to safeguard his father at all cost . 
 killing was necessary , needed . 
 it was his job to protect his family -- at least that 's what his father had always told him , and it 's what his mother would have wanted . 
 the crowd silently dispersed with their heads down , leaving the bodies behind on the street . 
 where were their families ? 
 and why was no one stepping forward to collect them ? 
 `` what do you want us to do with the dead ? '' 
 a soldier asked . 
 `` leave them , '' darmik ordered . 
 hopefully , the families would come for them after the soldiers left . 
 `` but the disease , '' the soldier prompted . 
 `` it 's the responsibility of these people to dispose of their dead . 
 we wo n't give them that honor . '' 
 besides , moving the bodies would be a sign of disrespect . 
 the soldier nodded before joining the others patrolling the area . 
 something caught darmik 's eye . 
 down one of the side streets , he thought he saw a little girl crying . 
 blinking a few times , he looked again , but no one was there . 
 shaking his head , darmik refocused on the town square . 
 uniformed soldiers were everywhere , keeping a strong presence . 
 none of the civilians would try anything today . 
 everyone would go home to their small houses or rooms and lock their doors , without publically speaking against the king . 
 until the king pushed again . 
 then rumors would resurface , the threat of rebellion rebuilding , and a civil war would ensue as the people became desperate and foolish . 
 but for now , darmik needed to return to the king 's castle to see his father 's evidence that the previous royal family was dead . 
 darmik wanted to personally verify that no one from the past had slipped their notice . 
 because if someone did , there would be no stopping a bloody war . 
 rema the wind twirled rema 's hair as snow thundered north through the forest , in the direction of the cave . 
 when they reached a boulder shaped like a bird , rema steered the horse left . 
 years ago , when rema was only five , uncle kar began bringing her deep into the woods , pointing out certain trees , terrain , and rocks . 
 he made sure she knew how to find the cave on her own , even in the dark . 
 when she asked him why , he simply told her it was good to be prepared . 
 for what , she never knew . 
 now she was beginning to understand . 
 uncle kar had brought rema to the cave often , always careful not to leave a trail . 
 they brought provisions with them , keeping the cave fully stocked with food , blankets , water -- everything they would need to survive for a couple of days without leaving . 
 the cave 's opening was about another mile north , hidden between two boulders on a hillside . 
 the entrance was small and well camouflaged . 
 rema wondered how uncle kar had discovered it in the first place . 
 the inside was pitch-black but lanterns were stashed throughout , and she remembered that once they were lit , the ten-foot-by-ten-foot cave was n't so scary . 
 however , she had never spent more than a few minutes alone inside it before . 
 the deeper into the forest she traveled , the denser the trees became and navigating snow at this speed was difficult . 
 when the wind blew , the leaves rustled , creating a song all their own . 
 rema 's skin prickled . 
 she was n't alone . 
 even without seeing anyone , rema felt the prince 's men gaining on her . 
 at the top of a hill , she chanced a look back . 
 soldiers were spaced evenly apart , heading in her direction . 
 she recalled learning how to herd sheep atop a horse . 
 uncle kar had taught her what to look for and where to maneuver the horse in order to get the animals into the paddock . 
 these soldiers reminded rema of herding with their lethal speed and swift movements -- but this time she was the sheep . 
 as they tracked her , she realized they were n't ordinary soldiers . 
 even though they wore the king 's army uniform , there was a variation that rema had never seen before . 
 a black line extended the entire length of their sleeves and up over their shoulders . 
 riding down the other side of the hill , rema knew it would be difficult evading the soldiers , yet she had to try . 
 she dismounted and sent snow westward , then took off on foot in the opposite direction . 
 she prayed it would take the soldiers a while to realize she was no longer on her horse . 
 luckily , snow was familiar with these woods and would eventually find his way home . 
 rema picked up her skirt and held it close , making sure it did n't get caught on a twig and tear , leaving a trail . 
 at the bottom of the hill , she glanced around . 
 there were n't any trees small enough for her to climb and hide . 
 running out of options , she sprinted toward the cave , praying she 'd make it in time . 
 moving as fast as her legs could go , she tried to remain quiet while running over the dry-leaf flooring of the forest . 
 a series of whistles rang through the air . 
 the soldiers had to be communicating with each other . 
 the pounding of horse hooves grew louder , closing in on rema . 
 she dodged between the tree trunks , hoping to remain hidden . 
 there was a sturdy tree with a branch low enough for her to take hold . 
 grabbing the thick limb , she pulled her body up from the ground . 
 one leg made it over the branch , and she hoisted herself up into the tree . 
 a soldier on a brown horse slid from his mount , nocked an arrow , and pointed it directly at her . 
 she froze , her hands and legs tightly gripping the limb . 
 `` prince lennek has ordered your detainment on the grounds of disobeying a royal summons , '' the archer stated . 
 for a moment she considered climbing higher , assuming the branches and leaves would shield her from the deadly arrow . 
 but then what ? 
 she could n't stay in the tree forever , and these men would n't leave until they captured her . 
 having no other option , rema unhooked her leg and released the branch , landing on her feet . 
 a bush rustled , and a second soldier stepped out from behind it . 
 she had n't realized anyone else was so close . 
 the archer lowered his weapon as the other soldier seized her hands , tying them behind her back . 
 `` are you arresting me ? '' 
 she asked , wondering if her aunt and uncle would be arrested as well . 
 `` our orders are to take you to lord filmar 's . '' 
 several other soldiers joined them . 
 they were all big , burly men . 
 rema 's legs shook . 
 she hoped these were honorable soldiers who would n't take advantage of her . 
 aunt maya had often spoken of the king 's men raping women for fun when they passed through towns . 
 rema understood the importance of avoiding soldiers at all cost . 
 `` this way , sweetheart , '' the man holding her arm tightly said . 
 `` i 'm not your sweetheart . 
 you will not address me in such a manner , '' rema replied . 
 several of the soldiers laughed , their voices echoing in the forest so that it sounded like there were a hundred men making fun of her , instead of only twenty . 
 `` are n't you a feisty one ? '' 
 the archer said . 
 one of the men toward the back moved forward , looking rema over with lustful eyes . 
 `` maybe we should teach her a lesson , play with her a bit . '' 
 his teeth were yellowed , and his beard had a piece of food stuck in it . 
 rema tensed . 
 she would rather die than allow these men to attack her . 
 if any of them moved toward her , she 'd kick him and run , even if it meant getting an arrow stuck in her back . 
 `` no , '' the archer ordered . 
 `` prince lennek wants to speak with her , and i 'll not deliver damaged goods . 
 that might have been how you did things before commander darmik , but you will not behave that way now . 
 if the commander hears you making crude suggestions , you 'll be discharged and sent home in disgrace . '' 
 the soldier looked disappointed , but obeyed . 
 rema flushed and kept her face down , unable to meet anyone 's eyes . 
 hearing these men speak of prince darmik confirmed her suspicions that he was indeed an ethical person who cared about others . 
 how could her aunt be so wrong about him ? 
 `` is prince darmik at the governor 's ? '' 
 rema asked . 
 `` no , '' the man holding her arm whispered . 
 `` we 're here on orders from prince lennek . 
 the commander has already left . '' 
 `` move out , '' the archer ordered . 
 the soldier carefully picked rema up . 
 he sat her atop his horse and climbed on behind her . 
 slipping his arm around her waist , he held her tight against his body so she would n't fall . 
 rema had never been held like this by a man before , not even bren . 
 she wanted to smash her head into his nose to get away , but there were too many soldiers around , and she did n't stand a chance of getting very far . 
 the best thing to do was to go along with them . 
 when they reached the edge of the forest , her house appeared in the distance surrounded by a sea of blue soldiers . 
 fifty men from the king 's army were here to do prince lennek 's bidding . 
 but what did he want with her ? 
 usually men found her odd looks unappealing . 
 however , there were some , like bren , who insisted she was beautiful . 
 rema certainly did n't feel beautiful , and if anything , felt out of place in a kingdom where everyone had black hair , dark eyes , and brown skin . 
 the soldier lowered rema to the ground and dismounted . 
 he took her arm , leading her through the prince 's men to her house . 
 inside , there were an additional five soldiers crowded together in the sitting room . 
 it was stifling hot from so many pressing together in such a small place . 
 when her presence was noticed , they all quieted down and moved against the edges of the room . 
 now rema had a clear view of the two chairs in front of the empty fireplace , where aunt maya and uncle kar sat with swords pointed at their chests . 
 rema took a step forward , but the soldier gripped her arm tighter until it hurt and she cringed . 
 `` no you do n't , '' he said . 
 `` you stay put . '' 
 she stifled the urge to run to her aunt and uncle , demanding their release . 
 but she was at the mercy of these soldiers -- they had the power to kill kar and maya without cause . 
 a man holding a helmet with a large plume stepped forward . 
 he was short and stalky , his hair pulled back into a ponytail , and his beard cut short . 
 he grabbed her shoulders and spun her around . 
 lifting her bound wrists , he read her band and released her . 
 `` you were delivered a royal summons ? '' 
 he asked . 
 aunt maya pointed her chin in the air -- her sign for rema to hold her head high and be brave . 
 rema knew she could do this . 
 understanding that these men were here to intimidate her , she took aunt maya 's advice -- she would n't let them see her fear . 
 `` yes , '' rema replied in a loud , clear voice . 
 `` but i had no escort . '' 
 her bound hands clutched into fists . 
 sweat dripped down the back of her neck . 
 he laughed . 
 `` do n't worry , i 'm here to escort you . '' 
 rema looked at uncle kar . 
 he shook his head ever so slightly . 
 but if she did n't agree , they would be executed . 
 having no real choice , she said , `` fine . 
 release them , and i 'll go willingly . '' 
 `` oh you 'll come , '' the officer replied . 
 `` willingly or not . '' 
 the guards lowered their swords , and rema 's shoulders relaxed . 
 `` trust me , '' rema said with as much venom as she could , `` my cooperation is in your best interest . '' 
 `` it will be a pleasure delivering you to prince lennek . '' 
 the officer chuckled so softly that rema was n't sure she heard him correctly . 
 `` serves him right -- a feisty girl that he wo n't be able to easily control , quite the change from his usual mistresses . '' 
 darmik darmik left usavo to rejoin the first company passing nearby on its way to king 's city . 
 he found them on the outskirts of escenar , dismantling their camp in the early morning light . 
 `` good morning , captain phellek , '' darmik said . 
 phellek was the captain of the first company . 
 each company of the army consisted of four platoons , a lieutenant leading each one . 
 each platoon was further broken down into five units , a sergeant in charge of each . 
 the units divided into three or four squads , a corporal leading them . 
 `` we 've been expecting you , commander , '' phellek replied , bowing his head . 
 `` go ahead and give the order to move out . '' 
 the rain had lessened to a mist , but it was only a matter of time before it picked up again , and darmik did n't enjoy traveling in the rain . 
 seconds later , a horn blew and the captain yelled , `` positions ! '' 
 in unison , one thousand soldiers lined up according to rank . 
 the only soldiers on horseback were the officers and darmik 's personal squad . 
 darmik loved the organization and precision of his army . 
 once he considered having a competition between the squads to foster pride and efficiency , like they did at emperion 's military training school . 
 however , darmik realized there were better ways to achieve that goal . 
 having respect for themselves , their squads , and their army came from equal treatment -- not competition . 
 he wanted to instill fear among the people of greenwood island , but his army was a different matter . 
 all darmik 's experiences had taught him that fighting alongside one another in battle , and being willing to sacrifice one 's life for another , came from honor -- not fear . 
 phellek rode alongside darmik with the flag ensign to his right , carrying the kingdom 's flag along with the first company 's emblem . 
 darmik liked phellek . 
 he was his oldest captain at forty-nine . 
 phellek was tall , with large shoulders and a square face . 
 even though his hair was turning gray , he still had the energy of a twenty-year-old soldier . 
 phellek had come with king barjon from emperion . 
 he was part of the unit that stormed the royal castle , capturing the queen and bringing her to king barjon for execution . 
 after the invasion , phellek worked his way up in the king 's army , quickly becoming a sergeant and then a lieutenant . 
 when darmik had first joined the army , he was placed in the same company as phellek , serving in his platoon . 
 phellek always had time for darmik , often teaching him tricks with the sword or fighting tactics . 
 after darmik was promoted to lieutenant , phellek gave darmik his prized knife with a silver sun on the hilt . 
 often times , phellek felt more like a father than his real one . 
 and once darmik was appointed commander of the king 's army , darmik promoted phellek to captain of the first company . 
 as they began the slow journey back to king 's city , darmik thought it wise to go through every single town possible . 
 normally , they 'd bypass the cities in order to travel faster . 
 however , darmik wanted the civilians to see and feel the full force of the army , and one-thousand armored soldiers was quite a sight to behold . 
 riding in the lead , with hundreds of men following him , offered darmik no semblance of peace . 
 he preferred to travel with only his personal guard , a group of twenty men . 
 even then , it was difficult to hear one 's thoughts when bombarded with duties . 
 darmik was rarely alone or his own person -- he was bound by obligations to his family and the crown . 
 on this particular journey , darmik found his thoughts drifting to a certain blonde-haired girl . 
 no matter how hard he tried to block rema from his mind , she forced herself back in , refusing to be ignored . 
 in the first two towns , darmik kept searching faces , expecting to see her . 
 it was wishful thinking on his part because she bore jarko 's mark , and the king forbade traveling between regions . 
 he 'd never see her again , unless he went back to jarko . 
 riding through the third town of the day , darmik saw a blonde-haired girl standing on the side of the road near the blacksmith 's shop . 
 darmik pulled the reins of his horse , bringing him to a halt , but as the young girl moved into the shadows , he realized her hair was actually brown . 
 she was also younger than rema , her shoulders slightly hunched forward , her eyes cast downward -- clearly not the confident girl he thought she was . 
 darmik rubbed his temple , nudging his horse on . 
 `` commander , is everything all right ? '' 
 phellek leaned in close , asking in a fatherly tone . 
 his eyes darted over to the girl . 
 darmik sat up a little straighter in his saddle . 
 `` i 'm perfectly fine . '' 
 phellek nodded and did n't address the matter any further , but he glanced at darmik , stifling a smile . 
 leaving the town , they traveled through large pastures where herds of horses grazed . 
 the horses instinctively came to the fence by the road and ran alongside the army . 
 normally , darmik loved the sight of the animals running free . 
 today , however , he found them distracting , as their beauty only reminded him of rema . 
 the sun set as they reached an open field large enough for the entire company to stop for the night . 
 even though the land was flat , darmik liked the spot because it offered an excellent view of the surrounding area so they would n't be taken by surprise . 
 having just passed through the large city of felgo , darmik wanted to know if the rumor about an heir had spread to this town as well . 
 `` phellek , give the order to set up camp . 
 i 'm going to meet with my personal guard and do a little reconnaissance . 
 no one is to know i 'm gone . '' 
 there was a look on phellek 's face -- like he wanted to partake in darmik 's plans . 
 instead , phellek said , `` of course , commander . '' 
 he raised his hand to signal the horn blower . 
 it took almost an hour to unload the necessary supplies and assemble all the tents . 
 after darmik 's command center and sleep area were erected , he selected five men from his personal guard to accompany him . 
 they changed into plain merchant clothing , and headed back toward the town . 
 a full moon , bright enough to light the dirt road they traveled on , shone overhead . 
 darmik was happy to be walking , even though the air was cold . 
 since he had been riding his horse all day , it felt good to stretch his legs . 
 when they reached the outskirts of felgo , darmik divided his men into three groups . 
 he paired himself with neco because they were both the same age and could easily pass for brothers or friends . 
 neco was a little taller than darmik , and was neither skinny nor muscular . 
 he kept his light brown , curly hair pulled back , away from his plain face . 
 darmik liked the fact that neco 's physical stature allowed him to easily adapt and blend in with a crowd . 
 darmik and neco walked down the main street of felgo until they came to a rowdy tavern packed with town folk . 
 they pushed through the swing doors and were assaulted by the smell of ale mixed with meat and potatoes . 
 weaving through the crowd , they found an empty , wooden table near the back , worn by the mugs of many men . 
 neco leaned forward in his chair . 
 `` good view . '' 
 the torches hanging on the walls cast an odd shadow over his face . 
 from where darmik sat , he could see most of the room . 
 however , it was so loud that it was difficult to hear what anyone more than ten feet away was saying . 
 `` the other groups should be arriving soon , '' darmik said . 
 `` i 'm sure they 'll be in the thick of it . '' 
 the first pair of undercover soldiers entered . 
 erikk and chek were the army 's most proficient knife throwers , but that 's where the similarities ended . 
 erikk was tall with a beard and a full head of hair . 
 chek , on the other hand , was short , bald , and he loved to gamble . 
 it was no surprise to darmik when the pair made their way to the card table in the center of the room and joined the game already in progress . 
 the last group entered . 
 borek and traco were known for their exceptional skill at hand-to-hand combat . 
 they could each take on five men armed with swords and beat them with their bare hands . 
 both men were stocky , muscular , and reminded darmik of bears . 
 borek and traco had no problem muscling their way to the front of the crowded bar to order drinks . 
 a server slammed a bottle of ale on darmik and neco 's table , along with two mugs . 
 she smiled at them before going back to the bar . 
 while his men eavesdropped on the local gossip , darmik sat back and watched . 
 body language often revealed more than words . 
 `` the girl on your left keeps batting her eyes at you , '' neco casually said . 
 a few prostitutes lingered along the edge of the room near the stairs . 
 one in particular smiled at darmik , while fanning herself and blowing kisses in his direction . 
 `` that may be , '' darmik replied , `` but i 'm sure she 'll wait until i 'm drunk and more generous with my money before propositioning me . '' 
 neco laughed . 
 `` sure , i 'd like to see that . '' 
 he finished his drink and banged the cup on the table . 
 `` which part ? '' 
 darmik asked . 
 `` me drunk or with a prostitute ? '' 
 that might be normal behavior for some of his soldiers , but it certainly was n't befitting of a commander or a prince -- regardless of what lennek thought . 
 `` either . 
 all you ever do is work . 
 it 'd be nice to see you live a little . '' 
 neco refilled his mug to the rim . 
 neco had joined the army at fourteen and was placed in the same unit as darmik . 
 they 'd fought their way out of more than one scrape together , like that time down in lumen when their squad was attacked by a group of bandits . 
 everyone in the squad was killed except for neco and darmik . 
 the two had battled for their lives . 
 eventually , the remaining bandits ran away , leaving neco and darmik standing alone , bruised , and worn . 
 neco fought with the same loyalty and determination as darmik , never cowering in the fight . 
 since then , there was an unbreakable bond between the two of them , and they had been working together ever since . 
 when darmik formed his personal guard , he specifically chose neco because neco was highly perceptive , an excellent fighter , and a good friend . 
 but now , this conversation had turned too serious for darmik . 
 his eyes darted around the room . 
 `` nothing out of the usual tonight , '' neco observed . 
 `` no . 
 it makes me suspicious when things are too ordinary . '' 
 the server came back . 
 they ordered bowls of stew and a loaf of bread . 
 the people at the card table were getting rowdy . 
 more men joined in , and there was a fairly large pile of money in the center of the table . 
 several others stood around watching the game . 
 cheering rang through the room -- erikk won . 
 he ordered a round of drinks for everyone playing , and they began another game . 
 borek and traco were still at the bar , borek in conversation with some of the locals . 
 after finishing the stew , darmik and neco stood and made their way to the exit . 
 `` ah , '' neco sighed , `` poor girl 's crying you 're leaving without making her acquaintance . '' 
 neco laughed , putting a hand on darmik 's shoulder . 
 `` we can wait ten minutes for you . '' 
 his head nodded toward the prostitute . 
 darmik knew neco well enough to tell he was joking , but darmik could n't help the flush that came over his face when his thoughts turned to rema . 
 he imagined what holding her in his arms would feel like . 
 outside , the cool air cleared darmik 's head . 
 he and neco walked north until they found a dark doorway . 
 leaning against the rough wooden wall , they both remained in shadows , hidden from the street . 
 `` so , '' neco began , `` when 's the last time you were with a girl ? 
 please tell me you 've been with someone since jarcy . '' 
 hearing jarcy 's name made darmik 's spine go stiff . 
 the ale boiled in his stomach . 
 `` that 's enough , '' he snarled . 
 neco raised his hands in surrender . 
 `` sorry . 
 did n't mean to offend you . '' 
 footsteps approached . 
 `` there you are , '' erikk said softly as he and chek joined them in the shadows . 
 `` mighty good time , '' chek said , shaking his pocket , the sound of money jingling inside . 
 `` any news ? '' 
 darmik asked , his voice raspy . 
 they shook their heads . 
 two dark figures stood on the opposite side of the street . 
 one shifted , revealing his massive size , and darmik could tell it was borek and traco . 
 `` now all we need is a lone , unsuspecting person . '' 
 darmik blew warmth into his hands . 
 after the noise and smells of the tavern , it was strangely empty outside . 
 most everyone was in bed at this late hour . 
 `` here we go , '' neco said , nodding toward the tavern . 
 a man had exited and was heading in their direction . 
 as the civilian passed , darmik and his men slid from the shadows , silently following him toward a deserted alley ten feet ahead . 
 a quick jab from neco caught the patron in the stomach , just below the ribs . 
 he doubled over , trying to catch his breath . 
 borek and traco grabbed the man 's arms . 
 they escorted him down an alley , his toes dragging on the dirt road . 
 they threw him to the ground by a pile of trash . 
 erikk and chek stood side by side to block unwanted eyes . 
 darmik never liked interrogating someone , especially when the person was n't guilty of a crime . 
 but sometimes it was necessary when it came to protecting the kingdom and its king . 
 the man stirred , groaning . 
 borek pulled a rope from his pocket and bound the civilian 's legs and hands together while the man squirmed , trying to get free . 
 the soldiers laughed at their captive with pity . 
 the man 's face turned white . 
 he shook uncontrollably , probably thinking he was being robbed . 
 standing in the background , unseen , darmik observed the situation . 
 he kept his hands in his pockets and his hat low over his eyes . 
 `` i 'll ask the questions , '' neco said , `` and you will answer . 
 understood ? '' 
 the man nodded . 
 neco squatted down and stared into the civilian 's eyes . 
 `` good . 
 your name ? '' 
 his breath came out in a white cloud from the chilly night air . 
 the man turned on his side , revealing his brown band . 
 neco read the information aloud , `` stephan , twenty-one years old , married with no children . '' 
 neco turned stephan 's left wrist over , revealing the mark of telan . 
 even with clothes and a jacket on , darmik could tell the man was skinny . 
 stephan 's cheeks were sunken in , his eyes dark , and his breath smelled like stale ale . 
 `` tell me about the men spreading the rumors , '' neco demanded . 
 darmik watched the man 's reaction closely . 
 stephan blinked several times but otherwise , his face remained blank , unchanged , and he did n't seem confused . 
 so the rumors had spread to felgo as well . 
 darmik had the urge to punch the wall , but he needed to remain quiet and unnoticed . 
 `` i do n't know about the men , '' stephan said . 
 `` but i 've heard the rumors . 
 i thought that 's all they were though , rumors . '' 
 he wiggled closer to the trash , trying to put some distance between himself and neco . 
 the scent of decaying rats hung heavy in the air . 
 neco laughed . 
 `` tell me what you 've heard . '' 
 stephan glanced in darmik 's direction . 
 neco whacked stephan on the side of his face . 
 `` look at me when i 'm talking to you ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 the moon was bright , and neco needed to make sure stephan would n't be able to identify any of them . 
 after a string of obscenities , stephan finally answered . 
 `` they say to be ready . 
 that the end is coming . 
 that 's all i know . 
 all i 've heard ! 
 i swear ! 
 please do n't hurt me . '' 
 he got louder , and they did n't want him attracting attention . 
 darmik coughed once , indicating that stephan was telling the truth . 
 there was nothing else to be learned here . 
 neco slid out his dagger . 
 at the sight of the weapon , stephan cringed and the crotch of his pants darkened . 
 the smell of urine rose into the air . 
 `` we should kill him for being such a wimp , '' neco mumbled as he cut the rope binding stephan 's hands together . 
 when the rope split , neco grabbed stephan , holding him upright . 
 traco punched stephan in the gut , and then in the jaw , hoping to keep stephen debilitated long enough for them to hastily make their exit . 
 as they walked away , darmik glanced back at stephen lying unconscious among the year-old trash and rodent carcasses . 
 rema when they passed through the gate entering lord filmar 's land , the soldiers broke from formation , leaving rema alone inside the carriage as it pulled to a stop before the entrance of the castle . 
 gazing at the massive , three-story , white limestone building before her , rema could n't imagine anything more beautiful than this . 
 the castle was an enormous rectangular structure with a round tower at its northern end . 
 it had to be the size of a hundred barns put together . 
 she fidgeted with the end of her sleeve . 
 the only time she came here was to deliver horses ; she 'd never been a guest or inside lord filmar 's home before . 
 several carriages were parked nearby . 
 thankfully , there were other people here at this dinner party for prince lennek . 
 a man bearing the king 's colors , but not a soldier 's uniform , opened the carriage door . 
 he took her hand , helping her down the step . 
 `` welcome , '' he said in a high-pitched voice . 
 `` i am arnek , prince lennek 's personal steward . '' 
 arnek was short , only coming up to rema 's shoulders . 
 his hair was neat and tidy , like his clothes . 
 `` i will escort you to a bedchamber where you can change into something more appropriate . '' 
 his eyes raked over her body . 
 `` you do have something to change into , do n't you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 rema wore a dark gray , long-sleeved linen dress . 
 it was simple , but by any commoner 's decree , it was a decent dinner dress . 
 `` this is all i have . '' 
 rema 's jaw clenched . 
 she bit her tongue to prevent herself from saying something rude and unladylike . 
 arnek lifted an eyebrow , his lip curling in disgust . 
 `` you did n't bring anything nicer than that ? '' 
 `` perhaps if i had n't been taken against my will , i would have had time to dress for my visit . '' 
 rema 's hands rested on her hips . 
 he sighed . 
 `` this way , then . '' 
 arnek 's nose was flat and his eyes too big and round for his small face . 
 he looked and sounded very much like a mouse . 
 arnek led rema through the arched entrance and into a courtyard filled with rose bushes . 
 at the eastern end , they entered the castle 's interior . 
 after traveling down several hallways , they came to a massive room . 
 the ceiling was vaulted -- perhaps two-stories high -- with floor-to-ceiling windows on one wall . 
 the remaining walls were decorated with richly colored tapestries , depicting horses and hunting scenes . 
 rema was about to walk over to study the tapestries in more detail when a guard approached . 
 `` is this the girl ? '' 
 he asked , smiling down at her . 
 rema had the urge to back away . 
 `` it is , '' arnek dryly replied . 
 he shook his head , his mousey face filled with disgust . 
 the guard placed a warm , sweaty hand on rema 's shoulder . 
 he squeezed hard , preventing her from moving . 
 `` i 'll take it from here , '' he said with a throaty laugh . 
 the mousey man exited , looking relieved . 
 the guard was at least two heads taller than rema and muscular -- his uniform pulling at his wide shoulders . 
 `` try anything funny , '' he said , `` and i have orders to tie your hands together . '' 
 he leered at her , and rema got the distinct impression he would enjoy doing that . 
 ignoring the vile man , rema investigated the large room . 
 several guests stood about talking in small groups . 
 all the men wore tunics with their family crests embroidered on the front . 
 the women wore elegant dresses ; each a different color of silk , velvet , chenille , or a combination of damask and sheer linen . 
 some dresses had lace , others jewels , and all the fabric appeared soft and delicate . 
 many also had their hair up , beautifully braided . 
 everything around rema looked and felt like a dream . 
 each lady 's ensemble must have cost a small fortune , probably more than rema 's aunt and uncle earned in a season . 
 peering down at herself , rema felt embarrassed . 
 what was she even doing here ? 
 and were her aunt and uncle at home worried about her ? 
 were they well ? 
 rema 's legs itched for movement , and she began to sweat . 
 wiping her forehead , she noticed her hands shaking . 
 lacing them together behind her back , rema picked at her cuticles , trying to calm her nerves . 
 a few people in the room took notice of rema , probably because she stood out like a horse in the middle of a kitchen . 
 not only was she severely underdressed , looking like a maid , but she also had a guard hovering over her . 
 `` ladies and gentlemen , '' a servant bellowed out , standing close to the doors . 
 everyone stopped talking . 
 `` lord filmar . '' 
 the servant bowed , moved to the side , and the governor entered . 
 he was exactly what rema imagined he would be -- old and plain . 
 he was paler than her uncle was , probably because he did n't partake in manual labor . 
 lord filmar , although tall , was thinly built , and it looked like if he were to lift a bale of hay , his arms would break . 
 the governor walked over to a group of people and started talking . 
 if it were n't for his silk tunic , rema would n't have been able to distinguish him from the other guests . 
 the group he spoke to turned to stare at her as she stood in her plain , common dress , a weed among the blooming roses . 
 a couple of the ladies furrowed their brows , while some of the men frowned . 
 rema could n't explain it , but she knew there was pity in the way they looked at her . 
 rema wanted her river . 
 she needed to run as fast as she could , pushing her legs until they could go no further , and jump into the icy water . 
 scanning the room , rema noticed she was about thirty feet from the exit . 
 perhaps she could outrun the man guarding her . 
 but if she did , could she find her way out of the castle ? 
 her right foot slid an inch toward the door . 
 `` please take your seats , '' a servant spoke above the guests . 
 `` dinner is served . '' 
 the guard grabbed her arm , squeezing hard , eliminating any hope she had of escaping . 
 everyone moved to the tables , positioned in the shape of a horseshoe with the chairs facing in , so the guests could see one another . 
 the head table , raised with delicate carving on its legs , sat at the opening of the `` shoe . '' 
 everything was elaborately decorated with the king 's colors . 
 blue fabric draped over the tables , dotted with silver plates , napkins , and candles artfully arranged on top . 
 there were also gardenias in large , glass vases filling the room with a bold perfume . 
 everyone was assigned a seat , and arnek made sure people found them . 
 the guard led rema to her place . 
 the sound of a horn filled the room . 
 the soldier standing at the entrance lowered his instrument once he had everyone 's undivided attention . 
 `` ladies and gentlemen , his highness , prince lennek . '' 
 the prince stood in the dimly lit hallway flanked by two soldiers . 
 he stepped forward , into the room , with his chin raised . 
 rema was n't prepared for the sight of him -- he looked very much like his brother , prince darmik . 
 they both had the same dark , curly hair and strong jaw lines . 
 prince lennek was tall , broad shouldered , and lean . 
 he wore black pants and a long-sleeved shirt , exposing his royal markings . 
 gliding through the room , his royal-blue cape draped down his back to the floor , floating behind him , giving the impression of power . 
 a silver circlet encased with sapphires sat atop prince lennek 's head . 
 his dark eyes scanned the tables until he found rema . 
 when they settled on her , a grin spread across his tanned face . 
 prince lennek went to the head table and took a seat in the center , next to the governor . 
 his soldiers blended in with the tapestries against the wall , standing still as if they were statues made of marble . 
 the prince nodded his head , and everyone resumed talking . 
 only rema was n't paying attention to what anyone around her was saying . 
 instead , her focus remained on the prince . 
 after saying something to the governor , prince lennek 's eyes settled back on rema , blatantly staring . 
 there was nothing coy or subtle about the way he scrutinized her . 
 uncle kar 's face held the same expression when he had a particularly beautiful horse he was showing off -- a look of pride . 
 lennek had that same air about him , only it gave rema the chills because it felt predatory instead of prideful . 
 but she could n't be pulled in by his beauty . 
 she remembered the way her aunt and uncle were treated , and the royal summons issued by the prince . 
 she had to remember everything aunt maya had taught her -- that this royal family was evil and not to be trusted . 
 rema broke eye contact and refused to look at him again . 
 a plate of salmon , potatoes , and vegetables was placed before her . 
 rema 's mouth watered ; she had n't eaten fish in a long time . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i do n't think we 've ever met , '' the person sitting next to rema said . 
 he was an older man in his fifties with salt and pepper hair . 
 his wife shot him a sour face , but he ignored her . 
 `` i 'm arnaldo , '' he said in an articulate voice . 
 `` nice to meet you , '' rema carefully answered , sidestepping the question . 
 she did n't want to tell him her name , nor did she feel like talking to anyone . 
 `` for someone of the merchant class , you seem to know what you 're doing . '' 
 arnaldo pointed , indicating her use of the fork and knife . 
 rema 's aunt and uncle insisted she know proper etiquette . 
 she was using it now -- not to fit in or because she cared what others thought of her -- but because it came to her naturally . 
 glancing around the room , rema noticed several people watching her with curiosity . 
 one or two were even pointing in her direction while they spoke . 
 rema turned to the richly dressed man with the smug expression on his face . 
 she wanted to throw her fork at him and shove her face into her food like an animal . 
 instead , she tried to appear innocent . 
 `` i know , '' she said . 
 `` it 's shocking that i can use such complicated tools . '' 
 arnaldo was about to reply when arnek approached . 
 `` prince lennek requests the first dance . '' 
 he said it like he could n't fathom why anyone would go within three feet of rema -- let alone dance with her . 
 rema felt like a child standing before one of her uncle 's wild , untamed stallions . 
 she did n't want to go anywhere near the prince , but she could n't refuse . 
 reluctantly , she stood and took the steward 's outstretched hand . 
 he led her toward the dance floor situated in the middle of the tables . 
 winding around the guests still seated and eating , rema heard a few whispered comments . 
 `` has he gone through all the rich ones that he has to sink to the lower class ? '' 
 `` i 've never seen anyone with yellowish hair before . '' 
 `` never the same girl twice . 
 what stamina he must have . '' 
 the prince stood tall and confident , waiting for her . 
 every single person watched . 
 rema felt like a dead pig at market being displayed for potential buyers . 
 if only she could reprimand prince lennek for bringing her here . 
 arnek squeezed her arm , stopping before the prince . 
 he leaned in and whispered , `` do n't do anything to embarrass the prince . 
 and do n't make a fool of yourself in front of his guests by telling them you were brought here against your will . 
 they wo n't believe you , and your aunt and uncle would pay dearly for your unbecoming actions . '' 
 he released her . 
 rema politely curtsied . 
 prince lennek stepped forward , closing the distance between them . 
 the music started and he placed his hands on her , expertly gliding her around the dance floor . 
 at first , rema was afraid she would trip over her own feet and fall , embarrassing herself and probably meeting everyone 's expectations , but she did n't . 
 surprise washed through her , especially since she had n't danced with anyone other than her aunt and uncle . 
 but lennek was dancing a basic four-step foot pattern , of which she was well acquainted . 
 `` we have n't properly met , '' prince lennek commented . 
 his voice was soft and smooth , like butter . 
 she had the urge to reach out and caress his handsome face . 
 he looked very much like his brother , prince darmik . 
 even prince lennek 's tattoo was similar to his brother 's , although lennek 's black swirls appeared more like knives than flames , especially when the light shone on the silver in the marks . 
 rema forced herself to focus on the prince 's face , instead of his body . 
 `` no , we have n't met , your highness , '' rema said sarcastically , wanting to stand her ground . 
 she would n't allow him to see the slightest amount of infatuation or intimidation on her part . 
 `` so i find it rather interesting that you would summon me here . 
 you are aware that i am engaged to be married ? '' 
 he twirled rema around and pulled her back to him , his eyes sparkling with amusement . 
 rema felt everyone watching and appraising her . 
 she tried to focus on the dance and lennek , not allowing the people 's silent judgments to overwhelm her thoughts . 
 `` i am prince lennek , and you are rema , the local horse merchant 's niece . '' 
 his voice was seductive . 
 `` and yes , you are currently engaged . '' 
 his head bent forward , his lips only inches from her ear . 
 `` but things can change . 
 nothing is set in stone , '' he whispered . 
 she was n't sure what he was implying . 
 did he know she secretly did n't want to marry ? 
 his strong arm slid lower on her back . 
 rema stumbled , but prince lennek changed directions , keeping her upright . 
 she quickly regained her footing , only missing one beat . 
 `` who taught you to dance ? '' 
 he pleasantly asked . 
 her thoughts refocused on lennek . 
 `` my aunt . '' 
 `` interesting . 
 most people in the merchant class do not know the dances of the upper class -- especially dances done with royalty . '' 
 his eyes held a questioning look , awaiting her answer . 
 `` we are dancing ` the courting dance , '' ' rema replied . 
 `` it was so named because it is only danced at court , also because it is usually done when a member of the royal family has decided to court someone . 
 it reveals his intentions to his court . '' 
 lennek 's eyebrows lifted up , surprised . 
 `` why do you know the dance , then ? '' 
 he inquired . 
 was he insulting her ? 
 before she could think her response through , she said , `` perhaps my aunt thought such a beautiful dance should n't be wasted on a select group of people who truly ca n't appreciate it . '' 
 she smiled sweetly . 
 `` do you have an answer to everything ? '' 
 he asked , amused . 
 `` usually , '' she replied , holding her head high . 
 prince lennek laughed and twirled her around again . 
 this time , he pulled her in a little closer . 
 rema 's chest touched his . 
 his warm hand held her tight . 
 without meaning to , she glanced up into his eyes . 
 there was something hypnotic about them , and she was unable to look away . 
 `` i am so glad you wandered into my life . '' 
 prince lennek chuckled , like it was a private joke . 
 `` you are the key to everything . '' 
 the music ended , and the prince glanced away from her , breaking the spell . 
 she stepped back , about to return to her seat , when lennek grabbed her arm . 
 shocked , rema stared at him . 
 his smile vanished . 
 his eyes were cold , as if a mask had been ripped from his face . 
 she tried to step away , but his grip only tightened . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` you . '' 
 it felt like spiders crawling over her skin . 
 `` you ca n't have me , '' she said . 
 his features softened . 
 `` really ? 
 we 'll see . '' 
 he snickered , his mask of charm instantaneously back on and the harshness gone . 
 prince lennek motioned for his steward . 
 `` rema is leaving the party now . '' 
 her shoulders dropped , relieved . 
 she was finally going home . 
 prince lennek released her and strode away , never looking back . 
 rema rubbed her arm where he had held it . 
 it was red and sore from his grip . 
 `` follow me , '' arnek said , leading rema away from the dance floor . 
 once they were alone in the hallway , two guards approached and took hold of her . 
 stunned , rema knew she had just one chance to get out of this situation . 
 darmik the wooden practice sword sliced down past darmik 's left shoulder . 
 with a flick of his wrist , darmik parried the blow . 
 then he spun , kicking his opponent in the chest , knocking him flat on his back . 
 landing in mud with a loud `` umph , '' the man blinked , stunned he 'd lost in less than a minute . 
 the soldiers who watched the match cheered . 
 `` if you want to move up in rank , you 're going to have to last longer than that , '' darmik said with a grin . 
 he held his hand out , helping the man to his feet . 
 darmik had been putting his men through this test for the past year now -- if a soldier wanted a promotion , he had to fight darmik to show his skills . 
 based upon how well the soldier performed , darmik would either allow or deny the advance in rank . 
 and any man who could beat darmik in a swordfight or a bow and arrow match , was automatically granted the position of corporal or sergeant . 
 darmik scrutinized his soldiers as they formed a loose circle around him . 
 `` anyone else ? '' 
 no one stepped forward . 
 `` report to your squads . 
 dismissed . '' 
 the rain had picked up . 
 darmik could barely see two feet in front of him . 
 there was no point in the entire army traveling through the storm . 
 outside darmik 's tent , which also served as the company 's temporary command center , men were lined up , waiting to talk to him or give their daily reports . 
 darmik laughed at the irony ; there was a time in his life when he was so lonely he would have done anything to be surrounded by people he knew and trusted . 
 before darmik had taken over command of the king 's army last year , his father had sent him to the kingdom of emperion for training . 
 king barjon had arranged with his brother-in-law , emperor hamen , to allow darmik to attend their military school because there was nothing like it on greenwood island . 
 even though darmik was born in emperion , it had been over a decade since he 'd been there , and a lot had changed . 
 darmik did n't like to think about that time in his life , for it was the worst year he had ever experienced . 
 emperion was dry and brown with low , rolling hills . 
 most of the buildings were tan , blending in with the land . 
 emperor 's city , the largest city on the mainland , was dense and over-crowded . 
 every family was required to send two sons into the military for life , and as a result , families were large , adding to the overpopulation . 
 the entire city was surrounded by an enormous stone wall because emperor hamen was fond of pillaging neighboring kingdoms -- many of which had the means to retaliate . 
 they went to war often . 
 when darmik had first arrived in emperion , he had an accent and lacked the instinctive brutality of the other cadets who had attended the school their entire lives . 
 he felt isolated . 
 they made fun of him , calling him soft because he was a prince . 
 at first darmik assumed he 'd be able to hold his own , but he quickly learned that his skills were inferior with each match he lost and each target he missed . 
 he was demoted to a lower level class and had to relearn a lot of basic combat instruction . 
 every day the cadets awoke , ate , and dressed before sunrise . 
 they had two hours of horse training , followed by sword fighting , knife throwing , hand-to-hand combat , military-strategy classes , and a short lunch . 
 afterwards , they ran military exercises until dark . 
 then they ate dinner , bathed , and studied until bedtime . 
 it was the same thing every single day . 
 no days off -- no exceptions . 
 the school 's purpose was to not only train powerful soldiers , but to create great military leaders . 
 emperion 's army was war-hungry and ruthless . 
 the commander and captains of the emperion army epitomized these characteristics . 
 they structured the school to produce soldiers who were both lethal and obedient -- an unstoppable force . 
 the school morphed into a mini army with its own rules and regulations . 
 the first rule stated that if a person failed a class , he was sent home , and his family was forced to provide another son . 
 rule number two stated that if a cadet 's squad -- that is , the group the cadet lived and trained with , fifteen people total -- lost an exercise , everyone in that squad was whipped and assigned clean-up duty for a week . 
 the third rule stated that if a person was caught doing something wrong by his instructor , such as giving away the squad 's position in a training exercise by being too noisy , then that cadet was beaten while the entire school watched . 
 no , it was not an easy school , and darmik had the scars to prove it . 
 however , the training he received was invaluable . 
 not only did darmik become one of their top military students , but he also rose high in the ranks of his leadership classes . 
 yet , seeing firsthand how the kingdom was run and how the people lived , he had no desire to be in a place so singularly focused on war . 
 even the houses were designed for combat , and the people practiced weekly what to do if there was an attack . 
 children learned how to wield a sword instead of playing . 
 darmik came to believe that yes , an army should train and be prepared to defend its kingdom , but if war was avoidable , it should be at all cost . 
 when darmik returned to greenwood island , his father promoted him to commander . 
 darmik combined all of his newfound knowledge and skills and put them into practice . 
 he took his ten thousand soldiers and restructured the king 's army . 
 he divided them into ten different companies , one thousand men each . 
 every region had a company responsible for patrolling and policing that area , making sure people remained in their designated region . 
 the army did not take orders from , nor did they report to , the governor of that region . 
 darmik maintained control over his army at all times , his men answering only to him . 
 one additional company roamed the kingdom and went where needed , another company was stationed in king 's city , and the remaining company was off-duty and called upon when necessity arose . 
 in order to gain respect from his soldiers , darmik conducted war games with them . 
 after repeatedly defeating his men , an unspoken understanding and loyalty developed . 
 he also treated his men fairly and guaranteed all soldiers ' families were provided for . 
 young men joined willingly and became exceedingly devoted to darmik . 
 darmik 's boots sunk in the mud and the rain pounded on his head , bringing him back to the present . 
 walking past the soldiers lined up waiting to talk to him , darmik entered his tent . 
 inside , ten officers spoke at once . 
 darmik raised his hand , silencing them . 
 `` corporals , '' he said , standing next to his table with a map of greenwood island spread upon it . 
 he hoped his specialized squads were able to uncover some vital information . 
 `` your reports , one at a time , please . '' 
 two of his men stepped forward . 
 `` commander , '' the first one said . 
 `` my squad just returned from dresden . 
 rumors are being spread there . '' 
 `` and what is being said , specifically ? '' 
 darmik asked . 
 `` the key is coming . 
 be prepared to fight to take back the kingdom , sir . '' 
 the second corporal spoke , `` the same is being said in all the cities that my squad passed through in telan , sir . '' 
 darmik pulled out his quill . 
 `` i need the names of the cities . '' 
 the corporals listed each of the towns they had traveled through . 
 after darmik marked each city on the map , he leaned back and studied the paper . 
 so far , he was unable to determine any pattern . 
 he dispatched his squads to additional cities . 
 darmik swore he would figure this out . 
 he would prove to his father that he was not only a worthy commander , but a strong and competent one as well . 
 **** the first company reached the outskirts of king 's city before noon . 
 the capital rested on the border between dresden , shano , and telan . 
 the city was built there shortly after the invasion . 
 to avoid being taken by surprise , king barjon wanted his fortress in the middle of an area with low ground , so he could see the surrounding land . 
 he also wanted the city away from the ocean and potential invaders arriving by boat . 
 for added security , the entire city was now surrounded by a thirty-foot high wall with sentries patrolling at all times . 
 since they were now entering king 's city , protocol had to be followed . 
 darmik raised his hand , signaling for his six designated men on horses to surround him . 
 the men raised the kingdom 's flag along with the royal colors , indicating that not only was darmik commander of the king 's army , but that he was also a prince . 
 darmik removed his black riding cape and replaced it with his one made of royal-blue silk lined with silver . 
 the army changed formations in order to fit through the gated entrance . 
 the streets inside were narrow , requiring they march three-men wide . 
 the gates opened , and the army began filtering through the twenty-foot thick wall . 
 the soldiers posted in the gatehouse , which was built within the wall , saluted their commander in respect . 
 coming out the other side into the city , darmik saw his father 's castle , sitting on top of a hill in the middle of the city . 
 it was about three miles ahead , surrounded by another wall with additional guards . 
 king 's city was a thriving place with several markets and thousands of people who worked and lived there . 
 darmik always felt claustrophobic and cramped when he entered the city . 
 he could n't understand why people wanted to live on top of one another inside the walls , just for some additional protection . 
 it was a high price to pay . 
 the army 's presence could never be kept hidden because one thousand soldiers made a tremendous amount of noise -- their boots drumming against the streets like hail on a glass window . 
 the vibration from so many was felt for blocks . 
 when the company reached the military compound , darmik dismissed the soldiers to the barracks . 
 after issuing orders to captain phellek , darmik continued on the additional mile to the king 's castle . 
 the noise and smells of the city -- a combination of dirt , smoke , and horse -- faded away the closer he came to the castle . 
 no one was allowed to build or loiter within one hundred yards of the fortress wall , so the sentries had a clear view of darmik approaching . 
 when he reached the gate , the castle guards saluted their commander . 
 granted entrance , darmik entered another world . 
 the grounds were immaculate with vibrant-green grass , bushes sculpted into the shape of animals , and roses in full bloom . 
 the white stone castle sat nestled on the land . 
 people strolled about the grounds impeccably dressed , completing the picture . 
 even the smell changed to lavender and roses . 
 everything appeared peaceful , serene , and beautiful . 
 but darmik knew appearances could be deceiving . 
 after entering the cobblestone courtyard , darmik dismounted . 
 before he could stretch his back or remove his helmet , a steward approached . 
 `` welcome home , prince darmik , '' the steward bowed . 
 `` your father is in the throne room . 
 shall i announce you ? '' 
 the king would n't like for his younger son to appear in the king 's court covered with road dust . 
 however , if darmik did n't see his father right away , rumors would start . 
 besides , it was fun watching everyone 's court faces as they tried to hide their disgust at darmik 's appearance . 
 he had to find amusement where he could , for there was little in the castle . 
 the steward escorted darmik through the pristine hallways . 
 the sun shone through the crystal-clear windows , its light bouncing from the marble floors . 
 passing by a statue of king barjon , darmik smiled , remembering a game of hide-and-seek he had played with lennek . 
 darmik had hid behind the statue . 
 he was so bored waiting for his brother to find him that he used his dagger to carve his initials into the statue . 
 only when he was done did he realize that he 'd desecrated his father 's backside . 
 at the entrance to the throne room , two guards stood posted outside . 
 upon seeing darmik , they pulled the heavy , wood doors open . 
 the steward stepped around darmik and cleared his throat . 
 `` his highness , prince darmik . '' 
 sixty heads snapped in darmik 's direction . 
 the obnoxious smell of perfume hung heavy in the air . 
 as darmik walked down the center aisle , the courtiers stood , curtseyed or bowed , and stared at him . 
 their faces were blank and devoid of emotion . 
 he looked down at himself , covered in dirt , his black boots almost brown . 
 his face had a few days ' worth of stubble . 
 he tried to suppress a smile . 
 the room was fifty-feet long , the dais at the end on a raised , marble platform . 
 and there , in his proper place , sat king barjon . 
 he wore his royal cape , lined with silver , and his gold crown with sapphires the size of fingernails sat atop his head . 
 to the average person , the king appeared disinterested , almost bored . 
 but darmik knew better -- his father 's right foot tapped impatiently . 
 king barjon 's hair and eyes were dark like darmik 's , but that 's where the similarities ended as the king wore a thick beard and had a large belly . 
 he pursed his lips when darmik stood at his feet . 
 `` your majesty . '' 
 darmik knelt , bowing his head . 
 `` welcome home , '' king barjon responded with a cold voice that echoed through the room . 
 `` i trust your journey was productive . '' 
 `` always . 
 when can i give you my report ? '' 
 darmik needed to discuss the rumors with his father without the possibility of being overheard . 
 the king asked his recorder , `` how many people are waiting to speak ? '' 
 the man lifted his paper . 
 `` three , your majesty . '' 
 king barjon waved darmik closer . 
 `` my office , '' the king snapped , `` one hour . 
 now go get yourself cleaned up . '' 
 rema rema stood in the middle of the bedchamber seething with rage . 
 if she had the strength of a man , she would 've been able to fight off the two guards who had brought her to this room , locking her inside . 
 but since that was n't the case , here she was -- imprisoned in the governor 's castle . 
 rema scanned the room . 
 there was a sitting area by the door with two dark green settees and one chair . 
 centered on the far wall was an ornate , four-post wooden bed with a silky , gold canopy . 
 a dressing area was off to the side with a privacy screen . 
 tapestries depicting horses running through fields , wild and free , decorated the walls , the only thing making her feel at home . 
 the sole exit was through the door in which she had entered . 
 there were also two large windows . 
 glancing outside , she determined that she was on the third level . 
 surely , a guard was stationed outside the room . 
 rema laid down on the wood floor and peeked under the door . 
 two sets of boots stood on either side . 
 straining to listen , the sound of voices grew louder , echoing down the stone corridor . 
 rema stood and straightened her dress . 
 metal jingled , and the door flew open . 
 prince lennek stood in the doorway , framed by candlelight . 
 he smirked while dangling a key in his hand . 
 `` rema , darling . '' 
 as he sauntered into the bedchamber , his six guards spread throughout the room , one blocking the exit . 
 `` you are stunning when you 're mad . '' 
 he could tell she was furious ? 
 what else could he sense about her ? 
 `` prince lennek , '' rema said through clenched teeth , `` can you please explain to me what i 'm doing here ? '' 
 rema stepped back , increasing the distance between them . 
 `` i thought we could be friends -- get to ... know one another . '' 
 he took a few steps toward her until they were only an arm 's length apart . 
 she could n't tell if he was being patronizing , but the way he said , `` know , '' led her to believe that there was a double meaning . 
 rema shot back , `` is this how you manage to maintain such a promiscuous reputation ? 
 locking ladies up with no chance to refuse you is one way to bed women . '' 
 she did n't want to come across as weak and obedient , and she no longer cared about offending him . 
 perhaps if she showed her stubborn personality , he would willingly release her . 
 prince lennek 's hands clenched into fists , and he took another step toward her . 
 she tensed and prepared for him to strike , but instead , he asked one of his men , `` has she been searched ? '' 
 `` yes , your highness , when we first escorted her here , '' a soldier responded . 
 `` good . 
 leave us . '' 
 rema saw a few of the guards ' eyebrows raise , one bit his lip , and another cleared his throat ; however , they exited without a word . 
 lennek 's dark eyes bore into hers . 
 they were cold and calculating . 
 being alone with lennek was like being stuck in a snowstorm -- difficult to predict , and bone-chilling cold . 
 paralyzed , she was unsure what to do . 
 after several seconds , the prince 's eyes softened , and he smiled at her . 
 `` i thought you would be happy to be here , '' prince lennek mused . 
 he strolled across the room to one of the windows and gazed outside . 
 rema saw his reflection in the glass . 
 `` you 're a horse merchant 's niece with a tedious life before you , and yet , here you are mocking my hospitality . '' 
 he spun around to face her . 
 rema refused to meet his deep , brown eyes that reminded her of the forest 's dirt flooring after it rained . 
 she needed to keep her head on straight . 
 `` your kindness is much appreciated , your highness , '' she said condescendingly . 
 rema refrained from saying that she wished to return home for fear it would give him leverage over her . 
 `` hmmm , '' he responded , leaning against the window ledge and folding his arms . 
 `` let 's cut to the point . '' 
 she nodded in agreement . 
 `` i need to marry , and i wish to marry you . '' 
 it felt as if she had been thrown from a horse , the wind knocked right out of her . 
 rema was certain she misunderstood him because there was no way a prince , especially one she did n't know , would want to marry her . 
 prince lennek chuckled . 
 `` you seem confused , but it is actually quite simple . 
 agree to marry me , and you 'll be a princess . 
 and just like that , the future is open before you . '' 
 he waited for her to answer . 
 `` why me ? '' 
 she stammered , caught off-guard . 
 `` several reasons . 
 but none of them are your concern . 
 i 'm giving you a way out of your life . 
 only a fool would say no . '' 
 rema was no fool , which was why she did n't say yes . 
 her mind raced through all sorts of scenarios and possibilities . 
 `` but i 'm engaged to bren . 
 the paperwork has been signed and delivered to lord filmar . '' 
 could prince lennek null the contract ? 
 this seemed like a way out of her arranged marriage . 
 and did marrying prince lennek mean she could travel throughout the kingdom no longer bound by the black tattoo on her left wrist ? 
 `` the paperwork can always disappear , '' prince lennek suggested . 
 he pushed away from the window ledge and walked toward rema , who remained frozen in the middle of the room like a trapped rabbit . 
 `` bren will file a protest , '' she said . 
 `` and my aunt and uncle . 
 there 's no way the paperwork can disappear that easily . '' 
 for a brief moment , rema wished everything was that simple . 
 she longed for a life of travel and adventure , not the dull one she had planned with bren . 
 `` you still have n't answered my question , '' the prince said , stopping a mere foot away from her . 
 `` will you marry me ? '' 
 `` i barely know you , '' rema whispered . 
 inside , she thought that this was crazy . 
 he had to have an ulterior motive . 
 he took another step , closing the distance between them . 
 `` oh , but you could , '' prince lennek murmured , taking hold of her arms . 
 rema shivered as his hands sent a rush of warmth through her . 
 `` i need to think , '' she declared . 
 rema wanted him to leave so she could figure things out , without him intoxicating her with his presence . 
 she dared not look into his eyes . 
 prince lennek released her . 
 `` i 'll be back tomorrow for your answer . '' 
 his finger tipped her chin upward , causing rema to reluctantly gaze into his eyes . 
 a slow grin spread across his face . 
 `` until then . '' 
 his lips brushed hers . 
 then he was gone . 
 **** rema did n't sleep that night . 
 instead , she thought about prince lennek and his offer . 
 the idea of traveling throughout the kingdom , discovering all the treasures and secrets greenwood island had to offer , was very enticing . 
 only the royal family and the army had the privilege of traveling freely between the seven regions of the kingdom . 
 however , rema could n't allow herself to indulge on the possibilities . 
 the royal family was evil . 
 they demanded everyone pay high taxes , they took all the food farmed and redistributed far less of it , people who spoke against the crown were executed for treason , and people were marked like sheep or cattle . 
 prince lennek did n't even hesitate to threaten rema 's aunt and uncle in order to get her here . 
 the prince was used to getting his way and had the means and expertise to do so . 
 if she did n't give him what he wanted , he would take it by force . 
 rema 's focus had to be on finding a way home to her family . 
 then her aunt and uncle could help figure a way out of this situation . 
 perhaps they could hide in their secret cave . 
 the prince had said he would come today for her answer . 
 rema wanted to be prepared for his visit . 
 she knew what needed to be done , and she thought she was strong enough to do it . 
 aunt maya always taught her to stand up for what she believed in and to do the right thing . 
 the entire morning rema paced around the room , biting her nails , but prince lennek never came . 
 her stomach growled , and she wondered if he had already forgotten about her . 
 there was a knock on the door and a servant entered , carrying a tray . 
 the girl set the food down on the table between the two settees , curtseyed , and left . 
 rema rushed over , dropped to her knees , and ate . 
 the plate was filled with goose , bread , and cooked carrots . 
 there was also a bottle of wine and two glasses . 
 perhaps she was supposed to wait for prince lennek ; however , hunger won the battle , and rema inhaled the remaining food . 
 resting on the settee , she was content for the moment . 
 rema imagined what it would be like to live with servants and have all the food she wanted . 
 stop , she told herself , forcing her mind blank . 
 that was what he wanted her to do . 
 the door banged open and prince lennek , along with his guard , entered the room . 
 the prince wore his crown and royal-blue cape , making him appear powerful and wealthy -- the type of person who rarely heard `` no . '' 
 rema was careful to keep her eyes away from his beautiful face , which reminded her of darmik . 
 she could n't afford to be enamored by his good looks . 
 `` your highness , i trust you 're doing well ? '' 
 `` that depends , '' he replied , flopping down on the settee across from rema . 
 `` what 's your answer ? '' 
 best to get it over with . 
 but before she could respond , prince lennek asked , `` where did that come from ? '' 
 he pointed to the tray , looking confused . 
 `` the servant brought it . '' 
 perhaps the food was given to her by mistake . 
 if that was the case , rema was thankful she had n't touched the wine . 
 `` an empty plate ? '' 
 `` no , '' rema replied , embarrassed . 
 the plate had been licked clean . 
 `` the servant brought a plate of food . 
 i thought it was for me , so i ate it , but i did n't touch the wine . '' 
 his eyes narrowed , and he waved for a guard . 
 `` i ordered no food to be brought to rema . 
 only a bottle of wine . 
 find out who did this and bring her to me . '' 
 `` yes , your highness . '' 
 the guard 's face paled . 
 prince lennek turned back to rema . 
 `` now , where were we ? '' 
 he mused . 
 `` ah , yes . 
 your answer . 
 what is it ? '' 
 rema squared her shoulders , willing herself to be strong . 
 `` i am already engaged to bren . 
 i intend to honor that promise . '' 
 prince lennek sat up straighter . 
 `` do you want to marry me or not ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` no , '' she firmly said . 
 `` i am going to marry bren . 
 the paperwork is signed , and it 's what 's expected . '' 
 clutching her hands together , she struggled to remain calm and in control of her anger . 
 the prince abruptly stood and paced around the room , his cape floating behind him . 
 `` you 're telling me no ? '' 
 he asked , incredulously . 
 `` that is correct . 
 my answer is no . '' 
 prince lennek snarled , grabbed the bottle of wine , and hurled it across the room . 
 it smashed against the stone wall , thousands of pieces of glass cascading down among the red liquid . 
 rema jumped at the sound of glass shattering and moved as far away from lennek as she could . 
 a string of profanities came from the prince 's mouth and for a moment , rema feared he would hit her . 
 she glanced at one of the guards , but he avoided eye contact . 
 the wine pooled on the floor like fresh blood . 
 `` i am the crown prince , '' lennek snarled , reclaiming her attention . 
 `` i will have what i want . '' 
 he stormed out of the room , the door slamming shut behind him . 
 even though prince lennek looked very much like darmik , that was where the similarities ended . 
 these two brothers were as different as a vicious mountain lion and a horse . 
 rema sunk to the cold , stone floor , crying . 
 **** the prince did not return to see rema , nor was any food brought for the remainder of the day . 
 when darkness finally descended , rema moved to the door . 
 there were n't any voices in the hallway . 
 lying on the ground , she peered under the door . 
 the two shadows of her guards remained stationed there . 
 knowing she did n't have much time , rema got to work . 
 she extinguished the candles and stood in the dark , listening . 
 hearing nothing of concern , she grabbed the fabric that she had hidden under the bed . 
 it had taken her almost the entire afternoon to tie the four blankets together and make knots all along them so she could use it to keep her footing . 
 knowing it still was n't long enough , rema yanked a curtain down and attached it to the end of the blankets . 
 her hands shook and sweat dripped down her forehead . 
 it was difficult to work when she kept imagining the guards storming in to officially arrest and put her in prison . 
 once the curtain was secured , she dragged the fabric over to the windows . 
 the left window would n't budge . 
 rema bit her finger to keep from screaming . 
 moving to the window on the right , rema unlocked it and the glass angled open . 
 she let out a breath of air , thankful the space was big enough to fit her body through . 
 after tying the end of the blankets to a bedpost , rema threw the fabric out the window and watched it uncurl like a whip . 
 it was ten feet too short , but there was n't enough time to bring the blankets back up and tie another curtain to the end . 
 someone would take notice . 
 sliding her legs out the window and down over the ledge , her feet found a knot and took hold . 
 rema 's hands grabbed the makeshift ladder , and she began her descent . 
 darmik entering the king 's office , darmik found it strangely empty . 
 the round room with vaulted ceilings had always been one of darmik 's favorite rooms as a child . 
 while playing hide-and-seek , he used to go under the ornate greenwood desk or behind the velvet curtains , and no one ever knew he was there . 
 walking over to the floor-to-ceiling windows lining the one wall , darmik leaned his head against the glass . 
 it felt like he was standing atop a cliff and all he had to do was take a step forward to fly through the air like a bird . 
 the thought reminded him of rema , how she jumped off that cliff -- just for fun . 
 he wondered how often she did that , and why . 
 rema ... with her blonde hair and blue eyes , who did n't act like anyone he had ever met before , who he very much wanted to see again . 
 that was , of course , if lennek did n't exist . 
 otherwise , she was best off on the other side of greenwood island , far away from here . 
 `` at some point , darmik , '' the king stormed into the office , `` you 'll have to learn to play the game better . '' 
 `` of course , '' was all darmik said , still looking out the window . 
 did his father not understand that he had no interest in court politics ? 
 `` is lennek home ? '' 
 darmik asked , turning around to face his father . 
 `` no , but i expect him shortly . '' 
 the king sat down at his desk , running his hand over his black beard , now starting to show hints of gray . 
 just the mention of lennek 's name relaxed the king 's face , and he did n't look so tense anymore . 
 darmik was glad he could have this conversation about the rumor of an heir existing without lennek present . 
 if his brother were here , lennek would convince their father that darmik did n't know what he was talking about , and that he was overly paranoid . 
 lennek would then suggest someone else look into the matter and a tax be levied to pay for the added expense . 
 that 's what lennek always did -- undermined darmik and raised taxes at the same time . 
 lennek enjoyed making others suffer all the while he was living with more than he needed . 
 the king and lennek knew very little about how people really lived . 
 king barjon rarely left king 's city . 
 lennek did travel on occasion , but he always stayed with wealthy landowners and avoided anything he considered dirty or unpleasant . 
 darmik 's jaw clenched -- lennek knew nothing about what was really unpleasant . 
 the image of the starving girl and her dead mother was seared in darmik 's memory . 
 the king cleared his throat , waiting for darmik to get to the point of their meeting . 
 `` there 's a rumor , '' darmik began . 
 `` there are always rumors . '' 
 the king shifted papers around on his desk , his impatience for darmik clear . 
 `` yes , but this one 's rapidly spreading and is potentially dangerous . '' 
 the king waved his hand . 
 darmik forged on , `` people are claiming an heir survived . '' 
 king barjon laughed . 
 `` impossible . '' 
 he leaned back in his chair , assessing darmik with cold , black eyes . 
 `` what are you getting at ? '' 
 `` i need a way to dispel the rumor . 
 we ca n't afford to lose any more control . '' 
 how could his father fail to see the basics ? 
 why did darmik have to explain himself ? 
 `` i do n't care about unsubstantiated rumors , '' king barjon uttered . 
 `` anything else ? '' 
 he asked , standing to leave . 
 `` do you have solid proof the entire previous royal family was executed ? '' 
 king barjon looked at his son as if he were stupid . 
 `` of course . '' 
 darmik wondered what he ever did to make his father despise him so much . 
 darmik had done everything the king ever wanted of him . 
 even now , darmik was loyal , yet , king barjon could n't stand to be around him . 
 darmik clasped his hands behind his back , glad for once of all the interrogation and treaty classes he took in emperion . 
 keeping his face neutral , he said , `` i am the commander of your army , and it is my job to protect you . 
 you are also my father . 
 so besides it being my duty , it 's something i take personally and consider my ultimate responsibility . '' 
 king barjon stared at darmik , assessing him . 
 darmik had cleaned himself up , shaved , and was dressed in a tunic befitting of a prince . 
 his father could n't complain about his appearance , but the king always found something wrong with darmik . 
 before the king had an opportunity to take control of the conversation , darmik asked , `` can i see your proof ? '' 
 he knew he was asking a lot of his father , but he needed to know . 
 the king raised an eyebrow . 
 `` my word , the word of the king , is n't good enough for you ? '' 
 he asked in a low , even tone . 
 darmik tried to stand his ground . 
 `` it 's not that , father . 
 it 's just that i want to make sure something was n't overlooked . 
 we need to know , with absolute certainty , that these rumors have no basis . '' 
 the king stepped closer , his nose almost touching darmik 's . 
 after all his experience hunting , darmik knew when he was being evaluated , sized-up . 
 the king may like having darmik lead his army , but he did n't like the power and control the position gave him . 
 king barjon probably wanted to remind his son of the king 's absolute sovereignty . 
 `` i 'll show you on one condition . '' 
 he looked to darmik for his answer . 
 darmik took a step back , away from him , and opened his hands for the king to continue . 
 `` when lennek finally decides to marry , you will publically support his marriage . '' 
 there was a slight twitch to the king 's face . 
 the request seemed simple enough -- but nothing was ever easy when it came to the king or lennek , and darmik knew that there 'd be a catch . 
 still , he wanted access to his father 's proof , so agreed to the demand . 
 king barjon led darmik out of the office and into the king 's bedchamber . 
 after ordering his guards to wait outside of the door , the king closed and locked it . 
 hidden behind a life-size painting of king barjon , they entered a secret corridor -- one of which darmik was unaware . 
 carrying a torch , the king led him down the steep , dark hallway , counting as he went . 
 at five hundred , he stopped . 
 standing before the wall on his left , he counted up three stones from the ground and pushed on the fourth one . 
 a loud groan erupted , and then the wall shifted back and to the right , revealing another corridor . 
 darmik followed the king down the narrow passage , which opened up into a small room . 
 the ceiling was low , the room hot and muggy . 
 the king lit another torch that was lying on the ground and handed it to darmik . 
 then he moved to the far wall and pushed on a stone three from the right and three from the ground . 
 a section of the wall slid open , exposing another dark hallway sloping downward . 
 darmik followed him deeper into the underground maze , the floor slippery in some places . 
 when they came to an iron door , the king used a key to unlock it . 
 he pushed it open , the door grating along the stone floor as they entered into a square room . 
 the king walked from corner to corner , lighting the torches that lined the walls . 
 other than a table in the center of the room , it was empty . 
 a dripping sound came from one of the walls , the water seeping in through the stones . 
 how far underground were they ? 
 in contrast to the hallway and the previous room , this one was colder and smelled of rot and mildew , making it difficult to breathe . 
 king barjon walked to the edge of the room and knelt down . 
 after fidgeting with one of the twelve-inch-by-twelve-inch stone tiles , he lifted it , and then another . 
 darmik joined his father to help . 
 they removed nine tiles altogether , placing them off to the side . 
 dug into the ground was a rectangular hole containing wooden boxes about one-foot-by-one-foot in size . 
 darmik counted six , but upon closer inspection , he realized the boxes were stacked on other ones , the hole quite deep , so he could n't determine how many boxes were really in the ground . 
 on top of one of them was a large , brown , leather-bound book without any markings on its cover . 
 the king slipped one hand under the book and lifted it . 
 moving with caution , he placed it on the table behind them , dust motes floating in the air . 
 king barjon peeled back the cover , which cracked from lack of use . 
 on the first page were dozens of names connected with lines . 
 darmik leaned closer to the book . 
 `` is this some sort of family history ? '' 
 `` yes , '' the king answered . 
 `` the previous royal family . 
 it goes back over one hundred years . '' 
 darmik had never seen such detailed records before . 
 but what was the book doing down here , hidden in the ground ? 
 `` have i ever told you the story of how greenwood island came to be ? '' 
 the king asked . 
 darmik shook his head . 
 everyone who went to school learned the history of greenwood island from the time when king barjon assumed the throne to the present . 
 they never talked about what happened before . 
 `` hmm , '' king barjon mused . 
 `` i 'm surprised you did n't study it when you went to the kingdom of emperion for your training . '' 
 king barjon continued , `` about a hundred years ago , prince nero of emperion refused to marry a suitable girl from a neighboring kingdom . 
 his parents had arranged the marriage at the time of his birth in order to ensure control of the region . 
 however , the prince was in love with a girl from a lower class , and he refused to let her go . 
 the emperor and his wife banished their son , hoping nero would change his mind . 
 by refusing the arranged match , the prince was bringing war between the two kingdoms . 
 but prince nero valued his own freedom more than his people 's . '' 
 the king 's eyes sliced over to darmik . 
 `` may i ? '' 
 darmik asked , about to flip through the book . 
 the king stopped darmik 's arm . 
 he carefully turned the pages himself using two fingers until he came to the section they were talking about . 
 referencing it , the king continued , `` prince nero had a vision of a new world without class . 
 since he was well liked and had many friends , several people decided to go with him . 
 the prince took the girl he loved , atta , and three ships with one hundred citizens . 
 they set out for a rumored island , finding it a month later . 
 until then , greenwood island had only been inhabited by wild , untamed people with no form of government . 
 as such , prince nero and atta created a new kingdom . 
 that 's where the blonde hair and lighter eyes come from . '' 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 darmik asked . 
 he had no idea what blonde hair and light eyes had to do with anything . 
 `` atta , '' the king continued , `` did n't come from nobility , and like most people of the lower classes in emperion , she had blonde hair and gray eyes . '' 
 darmik vaguely remembered something like that , but in military school , most cadets had blonde hair unless they were higher ranking . 
 `` prince nero and atta brought people from all classes with them . 
 one of the laws they established was that people could marry for love , regardless of class . '' 
 the king stopped talking , lost in thought . 
 pacing around the room , he continued , `` decades later , after the prince and princess had heirs and passed on , emperion still kept tabs on greenwood island . 
 the royal family refused to enter into trade with emperion -- or to have anything to do with them for that matter . 
 emperor hamen decided to overthrow king revan and queen kayln , wanting to establish a ruler he could work with . '' 
 king barjon sat on the edge of the table , next to the book . 
 `` at the time , emperor hamen had no children . 
 i was chosen because i am his wife 's brother and his closest friend . 
 i traveled here by boat , along with an army of five thousand . 
 the rest you know . '' 
 darmik was astonished his father had never told him any of this before . 
 what else did n't he know ? 
 `` and the family records ? '' 
 `` have been meticulously maintained , '' king barjon answered . 
 he went over to the hole in the ground and pulled out a box , placing it on the table . 
 a name was written on the side of it . 
 the king opened the lid and a rancid smell permeated the air . 
 reaching inside , king barjon lifted out a human skull . 
 he placed it on the table , and then pulled out a small pouch . 
 `` each box contains the same thing , '' the king explained . 
 `` one head and one pouch . 
 the name listed on the outside corresponds to the box 's contents . 
 in the pouch is a piece of skin containing the tattoo identifying the person as belonging to the royal family . '' 
 `` your proof ? '' 
 darmik asked , sick to his stomach . 
 the smell and thought of so much death at his father 's hands was overwhelming . 
 `` exactly , '' the king smiled . 
 `` i personally put each head and tattoo in its box , and labeled and stored them below the ground in this room . 
 i have the immediate royal family consisting of king revan , queen kayln , prince davan , prince jetan , and princess amer . '' 
 it sounded like he was showing off his sword collection , not a bunch of people he had killed . 
 darmik found the names written on the page . 
 `` but there are more than five boxes . '' 
 reaching for the book , king barjon turned the page . 
 `` i also have the extended family , '' he revealed , excitement in his voice . 
 `` i had everyone remotely linked by blood killed . 
 they were easy to identify with my records and with the knowledge of the tattoo . '' 
 king barjon laughed , enjoying himself . 
 darmik had always known his father had proof , but seeing it solidified the fact that so many had been slaughtered for no real reason other than power . 
 and by serving his father , darmik was also now responsible for these deaths . 
 `` so it 's all here ? '' 
 darmik asked , swallowing his revulsion . 
 `` yes . 
 it took me over a year to get all the extended family , but i did . 
 personally saw to it . '' 
 there were small checkmarks in the book next to each name . 
 flipping through the pages , darmik saw that each family was broken down in more detail , including birth dates , where they lived , and how members met and married . 
 if king barjon had what he said in the boxes and everything matched the book , then there was no possible way for an heir to be alive . 
 which meant darmik had to verify the contents of each box against the records . 
 rema rema did n't want to leave the blankets hanging from the window , but there was no way to untie them from the ground . 
 hopefully , she would be gone by the time someone noticed . 
 she sprinted along the side of the castle until the stables were in sight . 
 the fastest way home was on a horse . 
 stealing , especially from a governor , was punishable by death . 
 however , the risk was worth it -- remaining locked up at lord filmar 's with the volatile prince did n't seem like a better option . 
 a large garden separated the castle from the horse pasture . 
 crouching low , rema made her way alongside the bushes in the garden . 
 when she reached the wood fence surrounding the pasture , she slid up against it . 
 no one was about . 
 a faint light came from the east end of the stables . 
 she inched her way toward the open door , listening for voices . 
 everything remained quiet . 
 peering inside , the corridor between the stalls was empty . 
 there was n't much time until her absence was discovered . 
 biting her lip , rema entered . 
 movement came from her right , and she froze . 
 a sleeping stable hand rolled onto his side on a pile of hay right next to the door . 
 once his breathing became rhythmic and heavy , rema relaxed and made her way deeper into the barn . 
 the governor had often bought horses from her farm so there were several that she recognized . 
 one in particular , a gelding that was solid brown except for a patch of white on his face , was particularly fast . 
 rema had even named him lightning . 
 using a soothing voice , she unlatched the door and entered his stall . 
 he greeted her with a nudge to her ear , and she laughed . 
 being cautious not to jingle any metal pieces , rema saddled the horse . 
 once he was ready , she tied her dress between her legs so she could ride like a man . 
 her hands shook , and she had to grip lightning 's mane to steady herself . 
 sweat beaded on her forehead as she imagined soldiers storming in and arresting her . 
 rema needed to be off the governor 's land before anyone noticed she was n't in her room . 
 she led the horse from its stall , hoping he remained calm and steady . 
 a basket filled with carrots hung on the wall . 
 rema snatched a handful , feeding them to lightning as they neared the exit . 
 she extinguished the lantern , and then led lightning past the sleeping stable hand . 
 outside , they kept close to the building . 
 her only hope was that the governor did n't keep men posted at the back gate . 
 she peered around the side of the barn to get a clear view of the exit . 
 no one was standing guard . 
 on top of the castle , there were three soldiers walking the perimeter of the roof . 
 after watching their patrol route , rema discovered she had a ten-second window to remain unseen . 
 mounting , she angled the horse just north of the gate . 
 she could n't waste any more time . 
 when the last guard turned the corner , she kicked lightning 's side , and he raced forward to the wall . 
 as soon as they reached it , rema slid from the horse , pushing him against the stones , hoping they remained hidden . 
 her breath was ragged and her body numb from fear . 
 when no shouts came , she leaned forward , watching the guards once again . 
 when the last one went around the side of the tower on the rooftop , rema pulled lightning closer to the gate . 
 her breath came out in white puffs into the chilly night air . 
 the next guard came into view , and she froze . 
 once he passed by , she slid the gate open , led lightning through , and closed it again . 
 rema kept the horse against the wall , out of sight . 
 mounting , she looked to the rooftop for the last time . 
 after the guards did another round , she urged lightning forward , into the forest . 
 using only the light from the moon , rema made her way toward the front of the governor 's land , to the only road she was familiar with . 
 once she found the dirt path , she stayed next to it , hidden in the forest , until she was confident they 'd traveled at least a mile . 
 needing to distance herself from the prince 's soldiers , rema guided lightning onto the road , pushing him into a full gallop . 
 riding as fast as the horse could go in the dead of night , they traveled on the same trail her uncle used . 
 the tall trees cast ghostly shadows on the dirt road , making it hard to see . 
 an owl hooted , and rema jumped . 
 focus , she scolded herself , keep your eyes open . 
 there was n't much time , and falling from the horse or colliding with a tree was n't an option . 
 rema did n't know the road well enough to be traveling so swiftly , but she had no choice . 
 as soon as she was discovered missing , the soldiers would descend upon her like wolves chasing a fat rabbit . 
 and if those soldiers were anything like the ones that captured her yesterday , she did n't stand a chance . 
 the trees thinned , and rema came to a fork in the road . 
 the path going left went into her village ; the one on the right went to her house . 
 she paused lightning to listen . 
 crickets chirped . 
 no sounds of pursuit . 
 nudging the horse , they headed home . 
 it was still dark outside when lightning skidded to a halt in front of rema 's house . 
 she had only been gone a little over a day , and yet , it felt much longer because so much had happened . 
 everything had changed . 
 dismounting , she ran inside and found her aunt and uncle asleep in the sitting room , dressed in the same clothes she had last seen them wearing . 
 the door banged shut , and uncle kar jumped from his chair . 
 `` rema ? '' 
 `` i 'm home ! '' 
 rema started sobbing as she ran into her uncle 's open arms . 
 `` oh , honey . 
 are you all right ? 
 we were so worried when you did n't come home last night . '' 
 his arms held onto her shoulders and he took a step back to examine her . 
 aunt maya woke up . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 she came over and embraced rema . 
 `` i was scared i 'd never see you again . '' 
 her voice broke as she started crying . 
 rema knew they did n't have much time . 
 `` i escaped . 
 soldiers will be here any minute . 
 we have to go to the safe cave . '' 
 aunt maya and uncle kar looked at each other . 
 `` it 's time , '' maya said . 
 uncle kar nodded . 
 `` get your cloaks and boots as fast as possible . '' 
 rema ran to her room and put trousers on under her dress . 
 then she threw on her heavy wool cloak and tied it . 
 grabbing her sturdiest boots , she laced them with fumbling hands . 
 when she went back to the sitting room , her aunt and uncle were already there , ready to go . 
 `` what happened at the governor 's ? '' 
 uncle kar asked . 
 `` not now , '' rema pushed the back door open . 
 `` we can talk in the cave . 
 let 's go . '' 
 they rushed outside . 
 rema went toward the barn . 
 `` no , '' kar said . 
 `` we ca n't take the horses . '' 
 `` what ! '' 
 rema exclaimed . 
 she had no intention of leaving snow behind . 
 `` they 'll be able to track us too easily . 
 we have to go on foot . 
 now move . 
 there is n't much time . '' 
 uncle kar looked to the barn , his eyes glassy . 
 `` we need to put as much distance between them and us as possible . '' 
 maya led the way toward the forest . 
 `` but we ca n't just leave them here , '' rema said , afraid for the horses . 
 `` who will feed them ? 
 what if we 're gone for a week ? 
 they 'll starve to death . '' 
 uncle kar stopped . 
 `` keep moving , '' aunt maya demanded . 
 rema stood between them , torn . 
 `` i 'll take care of it , '' uncle kar said . 
 `` you two go on . 
 i 'll meet you at the cave . '' 
 `` kar , '' maya said , `` rema 's our priority . 
 now let 's go . '' 
 `` i know , '' he responded . 
 `` but i ca n't let the horses fend for themselves . 
 i 'll go by bren 's and ask him to look after the animals . 
 his place is only a mile away , and if i run , it 'll only take me fifteen minutes . '' 
 aunt maya kissed uncle kar 's cheek . 
 `` be careful , '' she said . 
 then she grabbed rema 's hand and headed into the dark forest , leaving kar behind . 
 `` hopefully no one has discovered i 'm gone yet , '' rema said . 
 `` we need to prepare for the worst-case scenario . 
 assume they 'll be here any second . 
 keep moving . '' 
 the sky was turning gray . 
 within twenty minutes , they would no longer be shielded by the night . 
 `` should we run ? '' 
 rema asked . 
 `` no . 
 just focus on not leaving a trail . '' 
 after five minutes of silence , aunt maya spoke softly . 
 `` rema , what happened ? '' 
 rema gave her aunt a condensed version of the dinner party , being locked in the bedchamber , and prince lennek 's proposal . 
 `` did he say why he wanted to marry you ? '' 
 aunt maya asked . 
 `` no . 
 he said the reasons were n't my concern . '' 
 aunt maya 's breathing was strained . 
 rema hoped her aunt would make it to the cave . 
 `` but did he say anything about your name ? '' 
 aunt maya asked . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` anything you thought was crazy or absurd ? '' 
 `` no . 
 why ? 
 what are you getting at ? '' 
 rema asked . 
 aunt maya never talked just to fill the silence . 
 everything she said had a purpose . 
 `` we 'll talk about it at the cave . 
 keep moving . '' 
 now that they could see better with the rising sun , they moved faster . 
 a piercing scream echoed through the forest , causing birds to leave the safety of the trees and fly into the air . 
 rema froze . 
 aunt maya turned to face her , tears filling her eyes . 
 `` we have to go faster . '' 
 `` was that uncle kar ? '' 
 rema stammered . 
 aunt maya walked quietly over the dry leaf flooring of the forest . 
 there was another scream , longer this time , ringing through the air . 
 it sounded like someone had yelled , `` run . '' 
 `` we ca n't leave him ! '' 
 rema 's voice cracked . 
 aunt maya stopped , her entire body shaking . 
 `` we must stick to the plan . 
 it 's what he would want us to do . 
 we ca n't go back . '' 
 but they could n't possibly leave him behind . 
 they had to help . 
 rema turned and headed back the way they 'd come . 
 `` rema , no ! '' 
 aunt maya ran to catch up with her . 
 `` you ca n't let the king get his hands on you . '' 
 `` prince lennek wants me , not the king . 
 and i wo n't sacrifice my uncle . '' 
 aunt maya looked stricken . 
 rema kept moving , and her aunt reluctantly joined her . 
 together , they ran to the edge of the forest , and then stopped , surveying the large , open field . 
 the horse pasture was filled with soldiers . 
 through a part in the mob , rema got a clear view of uncle kar on his knees , blood running down the side of his face . 
 his shirt was torn open , and his chest was covered with blood . 
 the soldiers ' swords were all drawn and pointed at him . 
 rema reached for aunt maya 's hand and squeezed it as they crouched down into the tall grass . 
 `` we do n't stand a chance . 
 i have to protect you . 
 let 's go . '' 
 maya pulled rema back toward the forest . 
 `` no , '' rema said , letting go of her aunt 's hand . 
 `` i have to try . '' 
 `` you 're unarmed and only one person . 
 you ca n't fight twenty soldiers . '' 
 a soldier shifted , blocking rema 's view of uncle kar , but giving her a clear view of prince lennek . 
 he stood next to kar , his cape floating in the wind . 
 rema was about to rush forward when a loud metal bang came from inside the barn . 
 it sounded like a bucket they used to feed the horses had fallen from the wall , crashing onto the ground . 
 prince lennek pointed toward the barn , and a soldier left the formation to investigate . 
 it looked like uncle kar was saying something , but rema was too far away to hear what . 
 keeping low in the tall grass , rema crawled forward while maya followed behind her . 
 when they were about fifty feet from the barn , the soldier exited , dragging someone behind him . 
 rema held still , trying to see who was in the soldier 's grip . 
 the soldier yelled , `` i found this man inside the barn ! '' 
 he dragged bren toward the circle of soldiers . 
 bren struggled , his face bloody . 
 the soldier put his sword next to bren 's neck . 
 prince lennek spun toward them . 
 uncle kar tried speaking , but a soldier stepped forward and backhanded him across the face . 
 `` you will not speak , unless spoken to ! '' 
 prince lennek sneered . 
 `` what 's this ? 
 who is this man ? 
 identify him . '' 
 the soldier holding bren shoved him inside the circle , forcing bren to his knees . 
 he lifted bren 's arm and read his band . 
 `` this is bren , eighteen years old , engaged to rema . '' 
 prince lennek stepped toward bren , staring at him with hate . 
 `` you have been caught stealing . 
 the punishment is execution . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 bren cried . 
 `` i did n't do anything ! '' 
 `` silence ! '' 
 prince lennek screamed . 
 then softer , `` kill him . '' 
 he took a step back . 
 bren 's eyes went wide . 
 a soldier stepped forward , lifted his sword , and drove it straight into bren 's stomach . 
 rema screamed and leapt up out of the deep grass , bolting toward them . 
 bren fell forward , both of his hands clutching the sword protruding from his body . 
 rema was vaguely aware of her aunt and uncle yelling , but her focus was on prince lennek . 
 she wanted to kill him . 
 when rema got near lennek , a soldier collided with her , knocking her over . 
 the soldier pulled rema to her feet as she thrashed her body , trying to break free . 
 `` enough ! '' 
 the prince hollered . 
 rema glanced over just in time to see both her aunt and uncle on their knees , swords pointed at their chests . 
 she stopped struggling . 
 bren had fallen to his side , blood soaking the front of him . 
 `` bren ! 
 can you hear me ? '' 
 rema cried . 
 he wheezed and gasped for air , spitting out blood . 
 rema could n't hear anything except a buzzing in her ears . 
 the world around her seemed to swirl away . 
 the soldier loosened his grip , and rema broke free . 
 she dropped to her knees next to bren 's body . 
 gathering him in her arms , his blood soaked through the front of her dress . 
 rema shook her head -- this could not be happening . 
 bren gurgled , and then coughed weakly . 
 he did n't inhale again . 
 his lifeless hands slipped from the sword to the ground . 
 rema pulled the sword from his stomach , and clenched it tight . 
 her hands shook as she pointed it toward the prince . 
 the soldiers all tensed , but lennek raised his hand and they stopped advancing . 
 rema lowered the weapon and sat in the field with bren 's body strewn across her lap , her tears dripping onto his face . 
 the blood from his chest turned dark red , almost black . 
 bren 's face turned a grayish white , no longer looking alive . 
 the blood covering rema 's hands like gloves became sticky as it started to dry . 
 this was all her fault . 
 prince lennek cleared his throat . 
 `` are you done ? '' 
 rema laid bren 's body on the ground , and then stood to face the man responsible for his death . 
 she clutched the sword and took a step toward him . 
 he pointed to his right where aunt maya and uncle kar were still at the mercy of the swords . 
 rema took another step closer to the prince and a sword was pushed into aunt maya 's clothing , about to pierce her skin . 
 it looked like someone had already sliced uncle kar from naval to chest , blood dripping down the front of his abdomen . 
 now the sword rested above his heart . 
 rema threw her weapon to the ground and took a step back . 
 the points of the blades moved an inch away from her aunt and uncle . 
 `` i understand , '' she said . 
 `` my little escape artist , '' prince lennek smiled . 
 `` we meet again . '' 
 he stood before her with a smirk on his face . 
 `` what ? 
 no reply ? 
 this is quite shocking . 
 let 's hope this day ends better for your family than it did for bren . '' 
 he spoke bren 's name like it was poison . 
 `` rema , '' he said , facing her . 
 `` now that the marriage contract between you and bren is void , will you marry me ? '' 
 everything clicked into place . 
 prince lennek had bren killed not for stealing , but in order to end the marriage contract . 
 it was the only way he could marry rema since the governor had already signed it . 
 two soldiers stepped forward , taking uncle kar and aunt maya 's hands , forcing them to the ground and spreading their fingers against the dusty earth . 
 then each soldier took his dagger and placed it over kar and maya 's quivering hands . 
 her aunt sobbed and her uncle looked grim . 
 `` i 'm waiting for your answer , '' prince lennek said . 
 the daggers cut into the tops of uncle kar 's and aunt maya 's fingers , blood welling . 
 rema looked at her uncle . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` no , rema . 
 you ca n't . '' 
 she knew there was no way out of this . 
 if she did n't agree now , they would start by cutting off her aunt and uncle 's fingers one by one . 
 then they would move to bigger body parts until either she consented , or her aunt and uncle died . 
 rema could n't allow anyone else to suffer for her actions . 
 she had the power to save them , and she would . 
 sucking in a deep breath , she said , `` prince lennek , you do me much honor . 
 i would be pleased to marry you . '' 
 her words were laced with acid . 
 `` no ! '' 
 uncle kar yelled . 
 a soldier hit him on the back of his head . 
 `` stop , '' rema screamed . 
 prince lennek came within inches of rema . 
 he grabbed her face with one hand and leaned toward her . 
 `` like i said , i always get what i want , '' he hissed . 
 `` keep that in mind . 
 we can do things the easy way or the hard way . 
 understand ? '' 
 a soldier raised his sword above aunt maya 's head . 
 rema feared that if he knocked her out , she would never recover . 
 `` of course , your highness , '' rema said . 
 lennek released her face . 
 she wiggled her jaw , making sure it was still intact . 
 the prince said , `` let 's go home . 
 i 'm sick of this vile place . '' 
 he stomped out of the pasture , and his steward came forward . 
 `` prince lennek wishes to return to king 's city immediately . 
 you 'll be coming with us , '' arnek said . 
 `` rema ! '' 
 aunt maya screamed , blood dripping down her hand . 
 rema ran to her aunt and uncle , falling to her knees . 
 she embraced both of them , wanting to comfort and tell them it would be fine . 
 but that would be a lie . 
 `` let 's go , '' a soldier said . 
 `` remember what i gave you , '' aunt maya said softly into her ear as they embraced . 
 `` it holds the key . '' 
 rema had forgotten all about the warm necklace lying against her chest . 
 `` and we 'll let him know where you 're being taken , '' uncle kar whispered . 
 `` he 'll find a way to get you out of there . '' 
 rema had no idea what her uncle was talking about . 
 she was about to ask when a soldier took her arm and pulled her toward the house . 
 no , things most definitely would not be fine . 
 darmik after hauling out the top two rows of wooden boxes , darmik had to climb into the rectangular hole to reach the remaining ones . 
 the structure was lined with wood , a ladder built into one side . 
 when he reached the bottom , darmik estimated he was seven-feet deep . 
 king barjon quickly became bored and left his son alone in the room . 
 darmik removed his tunic , tossing it up onto the table . 
 wiping the sweat from his brow , he continued to lift the remaining boxes out of the hole in the ground , sliding them onto the floor . 
 several times , he had to climb out and push the boxes to the far end of the room , making space for the remaining ones . 
 when the last box was shoved up onto the floor , darmik climbed out and surveyed the mess . 
 there were forty-one boxes total . 
 darmik moved between the boxes , making his way to the table . 
 he flipped the pages of the book to the last family record . 
 the easiest way to verify everything was to put the boxes in order . 
 he started with the king and queen . 
 after locating their boxes , he stacked them on the west side of the room . 
 then darmik found the boxes for the two princes and one princess . 
 he lined these boxes up next to their parents . 
 moving onto the queen and king 's brothers and sisters , darmik organized the extended family . 
 once all the boxes were arranged , darmik started with king revan . 
 placing the wooden box on the table , he lifted the lid . 
 the smell was overwhelming -- an odd mixture of decaying rats mixed with smoke . 
 darmik held his breath , reached in , and pulled out the skull . 
 then he checked the pouch for the tattoo . 
 both were accounted for so he replaced the contents , and closed the lid . 
 he let out his breath -- forty more to go . 
 queen kayln 's box was also intact . 
 checking their children , both prince devan and prince jetan 's boxes were complete . 
 darmik opened the lid for princess amer , lifting out her skull . 
 it was much smaller than the other ones -- his hand easily covered more than half of it . 
 princess amer must have been an infant . 
 that was a little disconcerting -- the idea of decapitating a baby and cutting off her tattoo . 
 darmik checked the records . 
 sure enough , the princess was only six months old when she was murdered . 
 carefully placing princess amer 's skull back in the box , darmik pulled the pouch out and opened it up . 
 it was empty . 
 he went back to the record book . 
 there was a note stating that babies did n't receive their tattoo until the age of one . 
 why did n't the tradition start until then ? 
 in case the baby died ? 
 in emperion , the royal family and those linked directly by blood were tattooed in visible areas to reveal their status . 
 darmik was unaware of any secret tattoos , like those used here , to identify the royal line . 
 moving on , darmik continued to verify each box 's contents . 
 it took him a little over an hour to check everything against the book . 
 every single head and tattoo was accounted for . 
 there was no way for an heir to be alive . 
 unless ... darmik went back to princess amer 's information . 
 she was six months old and the skull was in the box , but no tattoo . 
 babies were n't marked until age one . 
 yet , the kingdom now tattooed babies shortly after birth . 
 darmik assumed the royal family would want their babies tattooed immediately to prevent someone from switching them -- putting a commoner in a royal 's place . 
 darmik drummed his fingers on the table , lost in thought . 
 his father obviously knew princess amer did n't have a tattoo . 
 that 's why he marked the book stating that tattoos were n't given until age one . 
 if this was correct , then there should be some sort of documentation . 
 darmik just had to find it . 
 once that was done , he would have solid proof to dispel the rumors . 
 **** when darmik entered king barjon 's office , his father was holding a letter , grinning from ear to ear . 
 `` lennek will be home shortly , '' he announced . 
 of course his father would be pleased -- the favorite son who could do no wrong was returning from his vacation . 
 lennek 's entire life was one big vacation . 
 darmik 's life , however , was centered on work . 
 he had only been at his father 's castle for a couple of days and already things had fallen into a routine . 
 darmik woke up early and trained with his army . 
 then he met with his lieutenants and messengers , giving their daily reports regarding the status of each company . 
 afterwards , darmik liked to take a ride with a small squad of soldiers on the nearby lands just outside the city walls . 
 it offered him the freedom and peace he needed before attending a formal dinner followed by dancing . 
 then it was off to bed , only to do the entire thing again the next day . 
 he never stayed at court long . 
 most often darmik was needed elsewhere , and he liked to spend equal time with each company . 
 he tried to avoid the castle , only staying at home as duty required . 
 over the past couple of days , darmik had searched through various records , trying to verify that the royals received their first tattoo at age one . 
 `` father , i want to discuss the tattoo matter with you , '' darmik said , sliding in the seat across from the king . 
 `` there 's nothing to discuss . 
 i 've shown you proof , '' the king practically spit at him , his smile now gone . 
 `` besides , we have more pressing matters . '' 
 darmik wondered what was more important than maintaining control of the kingdom . 
 `` lennek , '' king barjon continued , `` will be returning with his bride . '' 
 darmik wondered if this was the reason lennek had run away to jarko , because his brother would never settle down -- not unless he had to . 
 `` and i want you to remember our deal , '' the king reminded darmik . 
 their deal -- everything with the king was some sort of bargain , with his father always coming out on top . 
 `` yes , '' darmik said , `` i wo n't forget . 
 and i 'll do my part and support his marriage . 
 i just did n't realize it would be so soon . '' 
 `` they will arrive in a few days . 
 we 'll announce their engagement and have a celebration . '' 
 `` a celebration ? 
 with the state of the kingdom as it is ? 
 do you think that wise ? '' 
 darmik 's thoughts drifted to the little girl back in telan with her hair matted , face dirty , and holding the stiff hand of her dead mother . 
 had she starved to death like so many , or was she still alive ? 
 it was wrong for the king to throw a large feast when so many in the kingdom were hungry . 
 `` did you forget who you 're speaking to ? '' 
 the king 's face reddened as he gripped the edge of the desk , turning his knuckles white . 
 `` i 'm sorry , father . 
 of course we 'll celebrate , '' darmik forced himself to say . 
 `` who did you pick for lennek 's bride ? '' 
 `` i did n't . 
 it was difficult enough getting him to agree to settle down . 
 i allowed him to choose his future wife . '' 
 a painful memory threatened to overwhelm darmik , but he shoved it aside . 
 `` the only recommendation i made , was that the girl be from the lower class . '' 
 `` i do n't understand , '' darmik said . 
 `` would n't you want him to marry a wealthy landowner 's daughter ? '' 
 after all , that 's who lennek usually seduced at court . 
 darmik could n't imagine how upset the landowners would be once they found out lennek was marrying a commoner . 
 `` we need stability , '' the king responded . 
 `` lennek marrying lower will help bridge the gap between classes . 
 the workers , merchants , farmers , everyone will see her as their future queen . 
 she can help calm the rioting . 
 she will be our tool . '' 
 the king sat back in his chair , giving darmik a measured look . 
 the weight of his words hung heavy in the air between them . 
 once again , his father did n't think darmik could adequately control the situation . 
 regardless , it was an excellent decision . 
 darmik would rather bring stability and peace to the kingdom through marriage , rather than violence . 
 `` your majesty . '' 
 a steward entered , bowing . 
 `` the court is ready for you . 
 petitions will begin once you are ready . '' 
 `` we 're done here . '' 
 the king stood and left , his royal-blue cape floating behind him . 
 darmik wanted to ride the black stallion -- he needed the freedom of flying through the air and the calmness that riding brought . 
 crossing the courtyard from the castle to the royal stables , two young women stopped in front of him and curtseyed . 
 he vaguely recognized them -- one was a daughter of a governor who spent the season here at court , the other was her cousin . 
 both wore nearly identical dresses -- heavy silk with lace , and their arms were linked . 
 although they were pretty , neither compared to rema in her plain dress with her fiery personality and piercing eyes . 
 darmik attempted to pass when the one addressed him further . 
 `` will you be at dinner this evening , your highness ? '' 
 her voice was fluting and kind , but also fake . 
 `` yes , i 'll be there , '' darmik answered . 
 `` i have a few more days before i leave . '' 
 `` perhaps we will see one another tonight . 
 and if it 's not too forward , will you give me the honor of the first dance ? '' 
 she asked sweetly , but her eyes were cold and lifeless . 
 her cousin gripped her arm in fear , her eyes locked on darmik 's sword . 
 darmik could n't even remember either of their names . 
 he hated that most women were only interested in the crown , and not him as a person . 
 most were afraid of him since he was the commander . 
 usually darmik avoided dancing and slipped out once dinner was over . 
 after all , no one ever missed him , especially when lennek was around . 
 `` i would be honored to dance with you , '' darmik politely replied . 
 she batted her eyes , and darmik resumed walking , forcing them to move aside and let him pass . 
 as soon as their dance was over , he would leave . 
 he hoped he was n't inviting this sort of thing to happen more often . 
 entering the stables , the smell of hay and horses made his body instantly relax . 
 the stable hand , sonya , led his horse out of the stall , saddled and ready to go . 
 `` your highness , '' sonya said . 
 `` you 're running late today . 
 i trust you 're well ? '' 
 `` it is , '' darmik responded . 
 `` thanks for getting him ready . '' 
 `` my pleasure , '' sonya said as he mounted . 
 the prince nodded and stormed out of the stables on horseback . 
 after all the pretentious people , the same thing day in and day out , darmik wanted something different . 
 his mind drifted to rema with her exotic looks and never-ending curiosity . 
 if only he could ride straight to jarko and find her . 
 urging his horse faster , darmik distanced himself from the castle . 
 today , he rode alone . 
 rema rema forced all of her rage to remain hidden inside . 
 if she wanted to keep her aunt and uncle safe , she had to leave with the prince . 
 when the time came , and rema was certain it eventually would , she would make lennek pay for murdering bren and threatening her family . 
 placing one foot in the front of the other , rema moved away from the pasture toward the rear of the house . 
 she glanced back and saw aunt maya sobbing on her knees while uncle kar embraced her . 
 bren 's lifeless body was strewn next to them . 
 `` any day now , '' arnek said , coming to where rema had stopped . 
 he took hold of her wrist , pulling her inside the house . 
 `` change your attire . 
 you 're filthy . '' 
 rema hurried to her room , grabbing the first dress she came across . 
 when arnek turned his back to her , she pulled off her clothes , feeling vomit rise in the back of her throat . 
 the bloodied dress dropped to the floor , reminding her of bren 's lifeless body , crumpled . 
 after she changed , she moved to the washbasin , splashing water on her face and hands , the water turning red . 
 `` prince lennek is ready to depart . '' 
 arnek took hold of her arm , leading her from the house . 
 a massive , dark brown carriage stood with six horses harnessed to it . 
 the entire thing was surrounded by two-dozen mounted soldiers . 
 arnek stepped forward and threw open the door , almost hitting her . 
 inside , two cushioned bench seats faced each other , with several royal-blue pillows for back support . 
 lennek was sitting on the far side in the forward-facing seat , tapping his foot . 
 the prince 's head slowly turned her direction . 
 `` a little faster , rema . 
 i do n't like to be kept waiting . '' 
 stepping into the carriage , rema sat down on the bench , catty-corner from prince lennek , wanting to put as much distance between them as she could . 
 arnek slammed the door shut . 
 rema looked through the glass window at her house . 
 she pictured uncle kar , smiling , as he rode one of his horses back from town . 
 aunt maya 's stern expression while she carried another bucket of water to the barn . 
 bren chasing rema around the front garden , both of them only five years old , laughing . 
 to keep from crying , rema pinched her own arm , forcing her mind away from the memories . 
 the carriage lurched forward , and rema wondered if she would ever see her aunt and uncle again . 
 she pressed her hand against the necklace resting on her chest , the only piece of aunt maya she had to take with her . 
 rema glanced back to see if any of the soldiers had stayed behind . 
 it did n't look like anyone did . 
 prince lennek patted the spot next to him , bringing her attention back inside . 
 she did not want to sit any closer to the vile man , but she feared his temper and of what he was capable . 
 shifting to the other bench , she sat on the same side as lennek , but pressed up against the door , as far away from him on the bench as possible . 
 the prince chuckled , not pushing the matter any further . 
 when they rode over the hill out of her small town , all rema saw were fields of wheat . 
 bren 's house , the forest , and everything she had known and loved were gone . 
 rema glared at the prince . 
 `` next time , i suggest you do things the easy way . '' 
 prince lennek laughed . 
 `` this was far too much work . 
 i hoped to be back in king 's city by now , not in the bloody middle of nowhere . '' 
 his hand lay on the seat between them , his fingers drumming against the soft fabric . 
 rema did n't respond . 
 she wanted to yell and scream at lennek , blaming him for bren 's death , but rema did n't want to put her aunt or uncle in further danger . 
 biting the inside of her cheek , she inhaled a deep breath , and focused her attention outside the carriage . 
 the scenery blurred . 
 rema remembered the time bren had taught her to shoot a bow and arrow . 
 when she had showed him how to jump off a horse , grabbing hold of a tree branch . 
 and playing hide-and-seek . 
 she had been afraid marriage would 've confined her . 
 now rema would take a life without adventure if it meant getting bren back . 
 guilt consumed her -- his death was her fault . 
 she pictured bren 's lifeless body in her arms , sticky blood covering her hands and dress . 
 the metallic smell making her sick . 
 there were still traces of his blood in the lines of her skin and under her nails . 
 closing her hands into fists , rema looked back out the window . 
 prince lennek 's face reflected in the glass with a sadistic smile . 
 there was a rustling sound as the prince slid toward the center of the bench , his hand still resting on the seat between them . 
 then he slowly moved his hand closer to hers until it was only inches away . 
 the left side of her body pressed against the side of the carriage . 
 prince lennek 's hand wrapped around hers . 
 it felt like snakes slithering up her arm . 
 he fingered her band . 
 `` when we get to the castle , i 'll make sure this is taken care of since you 're no longer engaged to him . '' 
 rema tried to squeeze her fingers out of his grip . 
 lennek chuckled , and then released her . 
 she wanted to punch his face . 
 how dare he touch her -- this horrible , evil man , who had killed bren and taken her away from her family ? 
 her nails dug into her arm . 
 rema hated him . 
 if only she could open the carriage door and shove him out . 
 `` suit yourself , '' lennek continued . 
 `` it 's a long ride , and you 'll eventually talk to me . '' 
 he smiled at rema , mocking her . 
 how did so many live under this royal family 's oppression ? 
 why did no one stand up and fight ? 
 surely , fighting for what was right and what one believed in was worth the risk . 
 because if no one stood up against this tyranny , it would continue until they eventually lost their land , livelihood , and homes . 
 though she was only one person , and female , she swore she 'd find a way to fight this royal family . 
 forcing her attention back to the countryside , she remembered that darmik was part of the royal family . 
 in fact , he was lennek 's own brother . 
 what was darmik doing right now ? 
 riding through various parts of the island ? 
 maybe she 'd catch a glimpse of him somewhere . 
 her heart pounded faster just thinking of him . 
 the carriage continued forward . 
 although rema had never been in the northern region of jarko , there was a familiarity to it . 
 bright-green rolling hills were separated by forests that were dark and foreboding . 
 trees so tall she had to crane her neck to see the tops . 
 every so often , they passed a small town in the distance . 
 their party only stopped once to change horses , and rema did n't speak a word to the prince for the rest of the day . 
 when they reached the border between jarko and kaven , they stopped at an inn for the night . 
 it was a large , gray , stone building that looked like a lavish house . 
 this definitely was n't a place travelers , traders , or merchants used ; it was a spot for wealthy , vacationing nobles . 
 dozens of servants , dressed in white clothing finer than what the common citizen wore , exited through the intricately carved wood doors . 
 they dropped to one knee in greeting . 
 the carriage door opened , and a soldier helped rema down . 
 lennek exited behind her . 
 `` this 'll have to do , '' the prince said . 
 `` arnek , give the orders . '' 
 the mousey man spoke to a soldier wearing a plumed helmet . 
 the soldier yelled instructions , and the guard dismantled . 
 in all the commotion , rema heard a servant say that one of the prince 's men had ridden ahead , to warn the inn that they were coming , and as a result , the entire place was empty of guests and the staff doubled . 
 a short and chubby man addressed the prince . 
 `` your highness . '' 
 he knelt . 
 `` i am the owner of this fine establishment . 
 if there 's -- '' `` arnek , '' prince lennek interrupted . 
 `` take care of everything . 
 and see to my room . 
 i 'd like to get out of my traveling clothes and have a drink . '' 
 `` yes , your highness , '' arnek answered . 
 prince lennek went inside , a trail of servants and guards following him . 
 `` um . '' 
 the owner looked at rema , his face red . 
 `` this is rema , '' arnek snidely said . 
 `` she 's a horse merchant 's niece and is traveling with the prince . '' 
 rema wondered why arnek despised her . 
 and what was wrong with being a horse merchant 's niece ? 
 after all , arnek was a servant , too . 
 `` i understand , '' the owner said . 
 a few people moving about looked at rema with raised eyebrows or sneers . 
 rema had no desire to be degraded in such a way . 
 `` no , you do n't , '' she said , demanding the owner 's attention . 
 arnek 's eyes widened . 
 `` i insist i have my own room . '' 
 `` i 've duties to attend to , '' arnek mumbled . 
 `` clearly , i 'm not needed here . '' 
 the owner nodded , and rema thought she saw a spark of compassion in his eyes . 
 he whispered to a servant girl , who approached rema , curtseyed , and said , `` this way , miss . '' 
 she led rema inside . 
 there was a small foyer with a large sitting room beyond it . 
 the girl took rema to a grand wooden staircase , up two flights , and down a long hallway . 
 she ushered her into a room with a small table , two chairs , and a bed off to the side covered with a yellow quilt . 
 the walls were painted pale yellow . 
 the pink curtains were stitched with white flowers , and they billowed against an open window . 
 `` i 'm sorry you 're on the same floor as ... but it was the best that could be done , given the situation , '' she said softly . 
 rema nodded . 
 two soldiers had followed them to the room . 
 `` you can leave , '' rema said to them . 
 `` we have orders to guard the door . 
 we 're your protection , '' one answered . 
 they stood in the hallway on either side of the door . 
 `` very well , '' rema replied . 
 she walked over and closed her door so she could have some privacy . 
 `` so , '' rema said to the servant . 
 the girl looked about fifteen and was very thin . 
 her knees were thicker than the rest of her legs and bones protruded from her shoulders . 
 `` this is the third floor ? '' 
 glancing outside , rema felt like she was standing atop her cliff back home . 
 she sucked in a breath , and looked at the extravagant courtyard below . 
 two additional guards were posted on the ground , ensuring she did n't escape this room the way she had at the governor 's . 
 `` yes , miss , '' the girl replied , staring at rema with wide eyes . 
 she had probably never seen blonde hair or blue eyes before . 
 `` is there anything else , miss ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i 'm fine , thank you . '' 
 rema tried to smile . 
 the girl curtseyed and left , closing the door behind her . 
 staring at the forest in the distance , rema wondered what she would see tomorrow . 
 she had never been this far from home , nor had she been so far from her family . 
 hopefully , since prince lennek had her in his possession , aunt maya and uncle kar would be safe . 
 but what would happen when rema did something to displease him , or he became bored with her ? 
 would lennek dare send his men to threaten her aunt and uncle again ? 
 would her only family be used as leverage to get her to do whatever lennek wanted ? 
 rema shuddered . 
 aunt maya 's words came back to her . 
 remember what i gave you . 
 it holds the key . 
 rema felt the necklace lying beneath her dress . 
 a small sense of hope took root . 
 the servant girl knocked and entered . 
 `` miss , prince lennek wants you to join him for dinner . 
 i 'll escort you . '' 
 there was no way rema could eat , especially with lennek , after witnessing bren 's death . 
 `` please tell the prince that i 'm not feeling well and am going to bed . '' 
 the girl curtseyed and left . 
 once alone , rema 's fingers felt for the clasp at the back of her neck . 
 she unlatched the delicate gold chain . 
 holding the necklace in her palm , rema fingered the heart-shaped red ruby diamond and the cylindrical shaft of solid gold . 
 maybe uncle kar had given the expensive necklace to aunt maya as a wedding gift . 
 someone knocked . 
 rema closed her fingers over the key and turned to see the servant girl enter with an angry , red welt on the side of her face . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 rema rushed to examine the girl 's cheek . 
 rema 's stomach twisted -- she knew , without a doubt , that this was her fault as well . 
 `` i 'm fine , miss , '' the girl replied quietly . 
 `` what is your name ? '' 
 `` lilliet . '' 
 `` did the prince do this to you ? '' 
 rema demanded . 
 lilliet lowered her head . 
 `` he did . 
 and he said that no one is to feed you . 
 you eat with him , or not at all . '' 
 rema had no respect for a man that hit anyone -- especially a female servant . 
 how could prince lennek be so cruel by ordering bren 's death , physically hurting people , and abusing his power ? 
 should n't a prince be a leader for his people ? 
 a person of exemplary constitution and someone they could all look up to ? 
 a protector of the civilians that made up the kingdom he ruled over ? 
 tears filled lilliet 's eyes . 
 `` then i guess it 's a good thing that i 'm not hungry , '' rema replied . 
 lilliet smiled , and then winced in pain . 
 `` do you need anything else , miss ? '' 
 `` no , do n't worry about me . 
 but please , '' rema said , `` let me know if there 's anything i can do for you . '' 
 lilliet curtseyed and left . 
 there had to be a good number of people that prince lennek had offended or made enemies of over the years . 
 maybe rema was n't alone in her quest to rid the kingdom of him . 
 sitting down on the edge of the bed , rema examined the necklace again . 
 aunt maya had said it held the key . 
 well , obviously , it was a key . 
 she turned it over . 
 there was a line down the side of the shaft . 
 running her finger along it , rema felt a small bump and pressed it . 
 the shaft opened like a book . 
 mesmerized , rema examined the inside . 
 on the left was the number `` 2 '' and on the other side was writing . 
 it was very small , and rema had to scoot closer to a candle in order to read it . 
 rema remember to always look back and you 'll be ok but not at night , only in the am trust in him , your family rema certainly did n't expect a riddle . 
 she reread the message again . 
 aunt maya had said it was a precious family heirloom . 
 rema 's wristband stated her birth name was tabitha . 
 however , her aunt and uncle never called her by that name , not even when they were mad at her . 
 when rema asked about it once , aunt maya said that `` rema '' was just a nickname . 
 perhaps other family members had gone by the name as well ? 
 she tried to recall if she 'd ever been told about another rema . 
 nothing came to mind . 
 there was a knock . 
 lilliet entered discretely , carrying a bag . 
 she closed the door behind her . 
 rema put the necklace back on and slipped it under her dress . 
 `` how are you doing ? '' 
 `` fine , thank you . '' 
 lilliet fidgeted with the strap on the bag . 
 `` um , i have something for you . 
 i hid it in this pack . '' 
 lilliet opened the bag and pulled out a small bouquet of flowers . 
 `` these are for you . 
 my mom grows lilies . 
 she wanted you to have some to brighten up the room . 
 i put the yellow sunflower in there because it reminds me of your hair -- the coloring . '' 
 they were beautiful and smelled sweet . 
 lilliet put them in a jug of water , and then pointed to the bag . 
 she whispered , `` there 's also food and water in there . '' 
 `` for me ? '' 
 rema asked . 
 lilliet nodded . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 she was shocked she was being treated so kindly . 
 lilliet curtseyed and left . 
 although she was n't hungry , rema knew she needed to eat in order to maintain her strength . 
 if she was going to find a way to stop lennek , she had to be alert at all times . 
 besides , eating felt like a small victory since he had ordered no one to bring her any food . 
 opening the bag , rema found an apple , a small water skin , and some meat wrapped in bread . 
 she forced herself to eat as much as she could . 
 with a full stomach , rema climbed under the covers and stared out at the moon . 
 aunt maya and uncle kar could be looking at the moon right at this exact moment -- safe from their home . 
 they were probably furious with rema for going with prince lennek . 
 but it was worth it . 
 she would do anything to ensure their safety . 
 her focus right now , however , needed to be on deciphering what the message in necklace meant and discovering what lennek planned to do with her . 
 he obviously had a motive and a reason for choosing rema . 
 if only there was someone who could help her figure this out . 
 darmik 's image flashed through her thoughts like a shooting star -- there one minute and gone the next . 
 if he was willing to warn her about lennek at the river , then perhaps he was aware of , and did n't agree with , his brother 's actions . 
 however , the chances of seeing him again were slim . 
 darmik roamed the island , leading the army . 
 rema smiled and felt her face flush . 
 shaking her head , she tried to rid herself of all thoughts concerning prince darmik . 
 **** when they set out the next day , lennek chose to ride his horse rather than sit with rema inside the royal carriage . 
 she was glad to have the time alone , able to look at and enjoy the scenery without his presence reminding her of all she 'd lost . 
 the land they rode through changed from green , rolling hills and trees to large , gray mountains . 
 the soft ground became rocky and rough , making the carriage bounce around . 
 off in the distance , rema saw what she assumed were the middle mountains . 
 uncle kar had told her stories about them when she was a child . 
 mostly how difficult it was to survive the rugged terrain , so as a result , no one lived there . 
 the steep mountains were so large that they disappeared into the clouds . 
 over the next couple of hours , the mountains continued to loom ahead of the carriage , never seeming to get any closer . 
 when the light faded , they stopped again at an inn for the night . 
 the next day , to rema 's dismay , prince lennek joined her in the carriage . 
 `` miss me , darling ? '' 
 he asked , laughing . 
 rema was done ignoring him . 
 she needed to figure out what game he was playing , otherwise , she had no hope of winning . 
 `` yes , '' she said sarcastically . 
 `` i was dying of boredom without you . '' 
 prince lennek 's eyes were keen , understanding more than she intended . 
 `` good , '' he said , playing along . 
 `` we need to get to know one another a little better before we reach king 's city . '' 
 prince lennek slouched on the seat , putting his muddy boots up on the velvet bench across from them , appearing disinterested . 
 rema hated to admit it , but he was handsome . 
 the side of his lips curled as his eyes sliced over to her . 
 she 'd been caught staring . 
 conceited , she thought . 
 he was beautiful , and he knew it . 
 rema hated the idea of finding a murderer , someone so vile and repulsive , attractive . 
 it sickened her . 
 she focused her attention outside the carriage and remembered bren , beaten and bloody from orders given by the prince . 
 `` when we reach the city , '' lennek said , `` i 'll introduce you to the people . 
 then i 'll propose , you 'll accept , and a huge party will be given in our honor . 
 we 'll be married in a few weeks . '' 
 `` why wait so long ? '' 
 she asked , the hatred seeping through . 
 `` what if you get tired of me and change your mind ? '' 
 `` hmm , '' he smiled , as if contemplating how much to reveal . 
 `` you need n't worry . 
 everything is going according to plan . '' 
 it was only a matter of time before rema discovered what lennek was up to . 
 today the mountain range was closer -- cold and unwelcoming , rising straight up into the sky . 
 they were topped with snow and desolate of trees . 
 no wonder nothing survived up there . 
 `` i want to make sure you play the part , '' lennek said , recapturing her attention . 
 `` and what would that be ? '' 
 she glared at him . 
 `` just so we 're absolutely clear . '' 
 prince lennek chuckled softly . 
 `` rema , darling , you are a feisty one . '' 
 feisty ? 
 he had taken her away from her family . 
 he had ordered bren 's death . 
 rema was filled with rage . 
 lennek 's countenance changed . 
 his eyes turned shrewd , the lines of his face hardening . 
 there was a ferocious quality to him that sent a chill over her body . 
 `` you will maintain your place . '' 
 he must have seen the confusion on her face . 
 `` you 're a horse merchant 's niece . 
 do n't you ever forget that . '' 
 `` how could i possibly ? '' 
 she harshly said . 
 `` hmm , '' he mused . 
 `` then make sure you do n't forget that i am the crown prince , and as such , you are obedient to me . '' 
 his menacing eyes penetrated into hers . 
 rema tried to control her emotions . 
 there was no way prince lennek could know how afraid she was of him . 
 `` i understand , your highness , '' she said , bowing her head , mocking the prince . 
 lennek turned so his entire body faced hers . 
 rema tried to focus her attention outside the carriage , but he reached for her chin , forcing her to look at him . 
 their eyes locked . 
 `` you are going to be my wife , '' lennek said in a low , cold voice . 
 `` you will be royalty . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i do n't , '' she answered as his nails dug into her chin . 
 `` let go of me . '' 
 rema knew she was out of line by making demands , but she wanted to know what she had to work with -- how far she could push him until his temper exploded . 
 lennek smiled wickedly at her . 
 `` you 're mine now . 
 get used to it . 
 i 'm giving you everything . 
 show some gratitude . '' 
 he leaned closer . 
 she could smell him -- an odd mixture of rosemary and horse . 
 rema refused to close her eyes . 
 `` and do n't forget , if you do n't play the part to my satisfaction , i know where your aunt and uncle live . 
 i wo n't just have them killed . 
 they 'll be brought before you , tortured while you watch , and then slowly dismembered . '' 
 he released rema 's face , pushing her away from him like she was cow dung . 
 lennek slid back into his side of the carriage , no longer looking at her but at a sapphire ring on his finger -- the ring of a prince . 
 the next day , the scenery once again changed . 
 the mountain range gradually transformed into low , rolling hills , and the greenery came back like a welcome blanket . 
 but what amazed rema the most was what lay in the opposite direction , to the east . 
 it looked like the land abruptly ended and the clouds hung level with the carriage . 
 lennek noticed her fascination . 
 `` that 's the ocean , '' he said . 
 `` you ca n't tell with the fog . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 he pointed out the window . 
 `` in a few hours , you 'll be able to see it . '' 
 the ocean was something rema had only ever dreamed of seeing . 
 climbing onto her knees , she tried to get a better view , but the white mist was too thick , concealing the mystery beneath it . 
 as the day wore on , the fog dissipated and rema finally got her first glimpse of the sea . 
 the water went on forever -- farther than she could comprehend . 
 it was dark blue , almost black , and the sun 's light sparkled on it . 
 lennek knocked on the window , and the carriage pulled to a stop . 
 at first , rema assumed they were changing horses , but lennek stood and pulled her from the carriage , keeping a firm grip upon her arm . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 `` you need some etiquette lessons , '' lennek sneered . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she politely said . 
 `` what 's going on , your highness ? '' 
 he yanked her behind the carriage , and rema stumbled . 
 the royal guard formed a loose circle around them . 
 `` it 's obvious you 've never seen the ocean , '' he said . 
 `` so ? '' 
 `` so ... i thought you 'd like a closer look . '' 
 his face was unreadable . 
 oh . 
 rema did n't think a kind and thoughtful lennek was possible . 
 lennek led rema away from the road , his men opening a path for them . 
 when they reached the edge of the land , rema gazed out in amazement . 
 the green grass ended and the land abruptly dropped straight down . 
 the cliff , composed of black and gray stones , glittered in the sun . 
 fifty feet below , the water pounded against the land , spraying and making a raging noise like it had a life of its own . 
 rema leaned over the edge to get a better view . 
 lennek 's hand tightened on her arm . 
 `` do you think i 'm going to jump ? 
 that i 'd choose death over being married to you ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` the thought never crossed my mind ; however , pushing you over the edge did . '' 
 he squeezed her arm harder , and rema yelped . 
 all he had to do was nudge her . 
 she felt stupid for walking right into his trap . 
 she should have known better -- a nice lennek did n't exist . 
 she would have to remember that for next time . 
 slowly , rema tried to slide her feet back from the edge , shifting her weight away from the cliff , but his hand on her was strong . 
 he would n't let her move . 
 she refused to beg for her life . 
 rema 's rage matched the angry , turbulent ocean below . 
 she wanted to scream and kick at the prince , but he was stronger and had the upper hand . 
 `` do n't you trust me ? '' 
 lennek asked . 
 he grinned , as if he enjoyed watching the panic swim across her face . 
 `` no , '' she answered , her heart slamming against her chest . 
 `` good . '' 
 he pulled her away from the ledge , closer to his body . 
 `` you 're honest . '' 
 sweat dripped down the back of her neck . 
 `` if i ever catch you lying to me , '' lennek whispered in her ear , `` i 'll kill you . '' 
 his hot breath felt like acid . 
 prince lennek released her and walked to the carriage , never looking back . 
 rema fell to her knees , a bruise already forming where lennek 's hand had held her arm . 
 darmik `` the rebel 's base camp is n't near the bay , '' darmik said , exasperated . 
 they had been going around in circles for over an hour . 
 `` but look at the map , '' neco gestured toward the paper spread out before them on darmik 's desk . 
 `` the heaviest concentration of the rumor is near the bay . '' 
 `` i agree , '' erikk said . 
 he scooted closer to the edge of his chair to get a better view of the map . 
 `` that 's the most likely location . '' 
 and that was precisely why darmik suspected the base camp was nowhere near the bay . 
 darmik sighed and crossed his arms . 
 `` erikk , gather the rest of my personal squad . 
 i want everyone ready to leave in one hour . '' 
 `` yes , commander . '' 
 erikk jumped up and sprinted out of the office , leaving darmik and neco alone . 
 `` we 're leaving ? '' 
 neco asked . 
 darmik nodded . 
 `` but is n't prince lennek due to arrive soon ? '' 
 he was . 
 they barely had a week before darmik needed to be back in king 's city for the official announcement . 
 `` neco , '' darmik dropped his arms to the desk and leaned over the map . 
 `` look again . '' 
 neco studied the paper . 
 `` there are two areas of concentration -- and both of them are in telan . '' 
 `` yes , but the towns near the base of the middle mountains are small and sparsely populated . 
 the bay cities make sense , not the villages . '' 
 `` it does if the rebels ' camp is near the villages , and not at the bay , '' darmik said . 
 there were hundreds of unknown caves at the base of the middle mountains -- enough to conceal the rebels . 
 neco rubbed his eyes . 
 `` and the port towns , '' darmik tapped the map . 
 `` there are three major cities within a close proximity to one another . '' 
 `` but the rumors have only been linked to two of them . '' 
 darmik pointed to trenek , the third city located just north of telan in adder . 
 `` that 's why we 're moving out . 
 i suspect the rumors will surface here . 
 and time is of the essence if we want to capture the rebels . '' 
 **** darmik and his squad rode hard for two days , only stopping at night for a few hours of sleep . 
 when they reached the outskirts of adder , they exchanged their uniforms for plain clothes . 
 darmik broke them up into groups of two so they would n't attract any attention . 
 the pairs continued separately to trenek . 
 after darmik and neco stabled their horses at an inn on the outskirts of the city , they walked the remainder of the way . 
 trenek was a border town in adder close to telan and the water . 
 it was one of the oldest and largest cities on greenwood island because of its location next to the bay . 
 the buildings were mostly stone structures built a hundred years ago , made to withstand storms . 
 however , everything was severely discolored from the crisp , cool , salty air . 
 the streets became crowded as suppertime neared , and the larger ships returned to port with their day 's catch . 
 the smell of fish and salt hung heavy in the thick , musty air . 
 `` commander , there they are again , '' neco said . 
 he and darmik strolled down one of the main roads lined with shops that passed through the center of the town . 
 people walked with large wicker baskets on their backs , transporting fish and various goods to the market . 
 `` i see them , '' darmik answered , noticing the three men up ahead . 
 `` they look like they do n't belong , only , i ca n't say why , '' neco commented . 
 touching the brim of his hat , he signaled the pair of soldiers thirty feet behind them to be on alert for a potential confrontation . 
 when undercover or doing surveillance , darmik liked to have his men spread out , yet close enough in case of trouble . 
 agreeing , darmik scrutinized the three possible rebels . 
 the suspects were all in their mid-twenties , wearing plain brown pants , worn shirts , and dirty boots . 
 the men walked down the main street not talking to one another . 
 if they were men just off work , they most likely would 've entered a tavern . 
 but so far , the men had passed by every single one . 
 the three suspects crossed the road and headed in the direction of the town 's largest market . 
 `` i want a better look , '' darmik said . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 neco turned his hat around , signaling the pair of soldiers to join them . 
 once they caught up , the four of them turned down a side street and sprinted a few blocks north . 
 when darmik was confident they were well ahead of the suspects , they went back to the main street , now traveling south . 
 darmik and his men stopped outside a tavern , pretending to wait for someone . 
 searching the sea of faces , darmik found the rebels walking straight toward him . 
 as the suspects passed by , the man on the left , closest to darmik , lifted his arm , scratching his cheek . 
 the man 's index finger had a heavy callous running along its side as if from rubbing the cross guard of a sword -- odd that this man 's hand would harbor a sign of combat training . 
 `` i want them held and questioned , '' darmik whispered under his breath , realizing what was wrong . 
 the suspects ' bodies were muscular from heavy labor but their hands and arms were clean , not stained or cracked from a day 's work . 
 darmik knew , without a doubt , that these men were spreading the rumors and once they entered the market , it would be impossible to follow all three of them . 
 the suspects needed to be grabbed beforehand . 
 `` let 's go , '' darmik said , pushing away from the wall and following the rebels . 
 darmik and his soldiers weaved through the crowd , slowly closing in on the men . 
 the suspects stayed on the main street , passing the blacksmith , a shoe cobbler , and another tavern . 
 `` there are an awful lot of civilians about , '' neco said . 
 `` if we grab them quickly , no one will interfere , '' darmik said . 
 they were one block from the market . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 his soldiers nodded . 
 one suspect glanced back at darmik . 
 then all three rebels stiffened , their hands disappearing into pockets and jackets . 
 the men knew they were being followed . 
 `` grab them ! '' 
 darmik ordered . 
 he slipped his sword from its scabbard , keeping the blade low . 
 there was no way this was going to be done quietly . 
 his men drew their own weapons at the exact same time the three suspects split up , running in different directions . 
 darmik followed the man on the left . 
 a second later , he realized neco was pursuing the same person . 
 that meant his other two soldiers were going to be fighting one-on-one . 
 people scattered as darmik and neco darted through the crowded streets . 
 darmik ran after his suspect , yelling at the civilians to stay aside so he would n't lose sight of the rebel he pursued . 
 an elderly woman dropped her basket right in front of darmik . 
 he leaped over it and continued on , his feet pounding on the ground , sprinting as fast as he could . 
 the suspect skidded and turned down a side street as neco and darmik remained fifteen feet behind him . 
 rounding the corner , there were two merchants up ahead . 
 they were using a pulley system to get their net loaded with goods up to a third-floor dwelling . 
 as the rebel ran past the men , he took out his knife and threw it at the rope , cleanly slicing it through . 
 the net crashed to the ground , goods smashing everywhere on the road . 
 the rebel turned down another side street , out of sight . 
 the merchant yelled at neco , demanding he pay for the damage . 
 neco did n't hesitate -- he ran through the mess , stumbling a few times before rounding the corner in pursuit of the suspect . 
 with neco gone , the merchants turned to darmik . 
 the man closest to darmik reached for him . 
 darmik hated to hurt an innocent man , but time was of the essence . 
 ducking , darmik took his sword and smashed the pummel into the civilian 's head . 
 the civilian dropped to the ground , wounded but alive . 
 the other man threw his hands in the air , stepping away from darmik . 
 darmik continued . 
 turning down the side street , he found neco standing a foot away from the rebel , his sword pointed at the man 's chest . 
 the suspect feinted left , and quicker than darmik ever thought possible , the rebel 's elbow smashed into neco 's face . 
 blood dripped to the ground and neco fell , unconscious . 
 the man turned to face darmik , pulling out a dagger . 
 `` impressive , '' darmik said , trying to get a sense of the man 's intensions . 
 he was glad the man had n't killed neco -- it certainly seemed within his abilities . 
 `` commander , '' the rebel responded , his face full of concentration . 
 so the rebel knew who darmik was , and yet , he still wielded the knife . 
 interesting . 
 `` i want to ask you some questions , '' darmik said . 
 `` put down your weapon , and i wo n't hurt you . '' 
 the suspect raised his dagger in attack . 
 darmik lifted his sword to parry the blow -- and found himself flat on his back , his legs kicked out from under him . 
 it was hard to get over the shock . 
 darmik had n't been so easily leveled since training in emperion . 
 but he had no intention of going quietly . 
 letting go of his sword , darmik shifted his body weight , throwing himself back into a standing position . 
 he immediately punched the rebel 's shoulder -- not where darmik had intended , but at least he struck him . 
 darmik automatically blocked a blow and hit the man 's wrist , causing the rebel 's dagger to fall to the ground . 
 `` behind you ! '' 
 neco shouted , sitting up . 
 darmik turned to see the other two suspects running toward him with weapons drawn , his soldiers nowhere in sight . 
 so these men had n't been apprehended either . 
 when darmik turned back to his opponent , the rebel was gone . 
 darmik swerved , ready for the other two -- only they were running away from him instead of toward him . 
 shaking his head , he chuckled . 
 he could n't help but appreciate the well-orchestrated diversion . 
 neco stood on shaky legs and looked to darmik . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 he asked , wiping the blood from his chin . 
 `` leave them , '' darmik commanded . 
 he and neco would never be able to catch them in neco 's condition , and darmik needed to find his other soldiers . 
 `` they were well trained . 
 using techniques i 've never seen , '' darmik said , breathing heavily . 
 `` neco , things are going to get interesting around here . '' 
 he patted neco on the shoulder . 
 `` yes , because there is n't enough excitement as it is , '' neco dryly replied , wiping blood from his nose . 
 the two went back to the main street where they found the other pair of soldiers , unharmed . 
 they bombarded darmik with questions , but darmik shook his head , ordering his men to be quiet . 
 `` rendezvous point , one hour . '' 
 everyone nodded in acknowledgment , and the group divided . 
 `` neco , '' darmik said , taking a side street . 
 neco was still covered in blood and attracting too much attention . 
 `` you 're going to stay here with ten soldiers . 
 you 'll organize a search of the city and flush out those rebels . 
 do whatever you have to , but i want one captured and brought to king 's city for interrogation . '' 
 `` yes , commander . '' 
 `` we 'll make a big production out of leaving . 
 hopefully they 'll see , and then you can double back after dark . 
 catch them off guard . '' 
 neco smiled . 
 he always loved a challenge . 
 **** darmik and his remaining soldiers reached king 's city two days later . 
 he guided his horse down the main street of the city , which led to the military compound and then to the castle . 
 the road was always clean and gave the illusion of wealth and grandeur . 
 it was mostly trafficked by the wealthy or people coming into or out of the town . 
 the shops lining the main road had to be approved by the king , and as a result , only the most expensive stores , businesses , and counting houses lined the road . 
 most of the city 's commerce was on the cross streets , and one only had to turn down any of them to find how the majority of the city really lived . 
 it always amazed darmik how different this town felt compared to others throughout the kingdom . 
 and not just in terms of the size and population , but the way people behaved and treated the royalty . 
 here , the outright hostility was gone ; however , civilians in king 's city did have better lives than those throughout the rest of the kingdom . 
 there was still poverty , but people were n't starving to death on the streets . 
 the king would n't want to see that . 
 darmik had to keep in mind that these people lived in the king 's backyard with an entire company of the army stationed here . 
 of course everyone would behave living under these circumstances . 
 up ahead , closer to the castle , thousands of people were gathered together in the street . 
 the only time this ever happened was when king barjon spoke . 
 if the king had already started speaking , then darmik was n't going to make it to the castle in time for the announcement . 
 a squad of soldiers on horseback charged toward darmik and his men . 
 when they met , the corporal ordered everyone to surround prince darmik . 
 an ensign came next to him and hoisted the flags . 
 `` welcome home , commander , '' the corporal said . 
 they turned down one of the side streets in order to avoid the crowded road up ahead . 
 it felt like he entered another world . 
 all the businesses were closed . 
 no one was about . 
 the entire place felt abandoned , lifeless . 
 the king must 've ordered everyone to attend the announcement . 
 `` has king barjon or prince lennek spoken yet ? '' 
 darmik asked . 
 he could n't remember the last time he had traveled the roads when they were so deserted . 
 looking up , tall , stone buildings with dark windows surrounded them , and darmik felt exposed . 
 the quiet cobblestone streets were eerily silent -- not even the children were playing about . 
 the horses ' hooves echoed between the buildings . 
 `` yes , commander . 
 prince lennek is introducing his future wife as we speak . '' 
 darmik wondered who the unlucky girl was . 
 `` did you manage to get her name , corporal ? '' 
 `` no , i did not . 
 he was just bringing her out on the balcony when you were spotted . 
 i left immediately to escort you . '' 
 `` has the king asked for me ? '' 
 darmik was supposed to be on the balcony for the announcement . 
 it was part of his deal with his father -- to publically support lennek 's marriage . 
 `` yes , sir . 
 that 's why the captain had us on the lookout for you . '' 
 `` let 's pick up the pace then . '' 
 rema as the sun descended , the sky darkened . 
 they were close enough to king 's city so they did n't have to stop for the night . 
 after riding in the carriage for nearly two weeks , rema 's legs were tight and her back sore . 
 soon , she would be able to stretch her limbs and walk around . 
 at least , she hoped that would be the case . 
 rema was excited at the prospect of experiencing the city . 
 no one from jarko had ever seen king 's city since travel was forbidden . 
 but , what was going to happen once they reached it ? 
 where would she be taken and how would she be treated ? 
 `` bloody hell . 
 why are n't we there yet ? '' 
 lennek mumbled . 
 `` i could use a little entertainment . '' 
 he snickered , briefly glancing over at rema . 
 this was the first he 'd spoken to her since that day at the ocean cliffs . 
 rema glared at him . 
 all the rumors she had heard about lennek seemed to be true . 
 his actions so far had proven him a pompous , arrogant , self-righteous pig . 
 she hated him . 
 rema turned her attention back outside the carriage . 
 the land here was bare , no buildings in sight . 
 after a few miles , rema finally spotted the city up ahead . 
 its sky glowed a dull orange from the lights , looking like the entire place was on fire . 
 the town was easily one hundred times larger than her small village in jarko . 
 the sight was breathtaking . 
 when they neared the massive stone wall surrounding the city , lennek yanked the curtains closed . 
 `` can i open my side ? '' 
 rema asked . 
 `` i 'd like to see king 's city . '' 
 lennek smiled at her . 
 rema could n't tell what he was really thinking . 
 `` it 's dark outside , '' he said . 
 `` everyone is in for the night . '' 
 rema thought it would be nice to look at the buildings . 
 were they similar to the ones in other towns ? 
 or did they have a look and feel all their own ? 
 `` do n't worry that pretty little head of yours , '' lennek said . 
 `` you 'll be able to see everything tomorrow from the castle . 
 we sit atop a hill overlooking the entire city . '' 
 rema kicked herself for allowing her emotions to show and not perfecting the blank expression on her face yet -- that would require more practice . 
 the carriage finally stopped . 
 the door opened and lennek descended , turning back and holding out his hand to her . 
 as his eyes narrowed , rema saw the warning in them . 
 it was time to play her part . 
 rema carefully placed her hand atop lennek 's , trying not to shudder at his touch . 
 exiting the carriage , she took a deep breath and squared her shoulders . 
 she could do this . 
 stepping onto solid ground , rema looked up . 
 her mouth dropped open . 
 a royal-blue runner led from the carriage up a flight of stone stairs . 
 at the top stood a man wearing a crown and a silver cape -- king barjon . 
 lines of soldiers holding torches stretched away from him on either side , lining the grand , six-story structure with round towers . 
 the glow from the fire bounced off the ivory-colored stones of the massive castle , creating a stunning effect . 
 lennek guided her up the stairs to the awaiting king . 
 `` kneel immediately when we reach the top , '' lennek whispered . 
 rema nodded , and then realized she was clinging to lennek 's hand . 
 she loosened her grip . 
 at the top , they stopped before king barjon and knelt . 
 `` welcome home , my son , '' the king said loud enough so the people who had gathered to watch the prince 's return could hear . 
 these individuals were dressed in clothes similar to what the people had worn at the governor 's dinner party . 
 they had to be nobles and wealthy landowners staying here at court . 
 lennek stood and replied , `` father , i have the honor of introducing rema to you . '' 
 lennek nudged her . 
 rema did n't know if she was supposed to talk and was afraid to open her mouth in fear of saying something inappropriate . 
 as much as she hated the situation , she did n't have a death wish . 
 rema settled on , `` your majesty . '' 
 king barjon 's dark eyes were shrewd and calculating as they raked over her body . 
 he looked like an older version of lennek . 
 the king 's head nodded ever so slightly . 
 `` welcome , '' was all he said . 
 then he turned , his cape flowing in the wind as he went through an archway that led into the courtyard behind him . 
 despite the heat from all the torches , rema shuddered . 
 there was something about king barjon that made her cold all over . 
 **** the next morning , rema awoke on a soft , feather mattress -- quite different from the stiff straw one she was accustomed to . 
 the bed was so large that it could have fit five people . 
 stretching , rema slid out of the soft , silk covers . 
 she walked over to the window and pushed the navy curtains aside . 
 squinting into the morning sun , she gasped . 
 the view was breathtaking . 
 king 's city was so large that she could barely see its edge . 
 it lay before her like a forest of different colored buildings , which stood so close together , they appeared to touch one another . 
 rema tried to open the window , but it would n't budge . 
 looking closer , she saw someone had pinned it shut . 
 at least they did n't remove my blankets , she thought wryly . 
 `` good morning , '' a skinny young woman wearing castle livery said from the doorway . 
 she had black hair pulled into a neat bun , brown eyes , and freckles covering her nose . 
 `` my name is ellie , and i 've been assigned as your chambermaid . 
 your breakfast is ready in your private sitting room , just through that door . '' 
 `` there 's another room besides this one ? '' 
 rema asked , stunned . 
 her aunt and uncle 's entire house could have fit inside this bedchamber . 
 `` yes , '' ellie answered , trying to suppress a smile . 
 `` prince lennek has placed you in one of the castle 's suites . '' 
 `` but this is n't his room , correct ? '' 
 rema asked . 
 `` i mean , he wo n't be staying here , will he ? '' 
 the servant stared at rema a moment before answering . 
 `` no , my lady . 
 the prince 's quarters are in another wing . 
 his rooms are much larger and grander . '' 
 grander than this ? 
 the bed had a silk canopy wrapped around the rare goldwood frame . 
 real gold was embedded in the woodwork , and soft rugs adorned the marble floor . 
 she knew the king was wealthy , but this exceeded her wildest expectations . 
 ellie lifted her arm , indicating the doorway to the sitting room . 
 rema was glad she was n't expected to appear before the king or prince for breakfast . 
 that gave her more time to think of a plan . 
 last night , a guard had escorted her here and locked the door . 
 she had n't seen or talked to anyone until now . 
 rema went into her sitting room and sat down on a blue and white striped settee , facing the stone fireplace . 
 there was another chambermaid standing against the far wall next to a tray of food on a low table . 
 `` the prince wants you dressed and ready by noon , '' the girl announced , not looking into rema 's eyes . 
 she appeared to be young , about rema 's age . 
 `` for ? '' 
 rema prompted . 
 `` the proposal , i assume , '' the girl replied in a nasty tone , her hands balled into fists . 
 this servant 's attitude reminded rema of arnek . 
 `` cassie , i 'd like a word with you , '' ellie said . 
 both chambermaids exited the room . 
 when the door opened , rema caught a glimpse of the castle 's hallway . 
 two soldiers stood guarding the door . 
 cassie slammed the door shut , but rema could hear them arguing . 
 after a minute , only ellie reentered . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she said . 
 `` cassie has some other duties to attend to . 
 please eat . 
 i 'll help you dress when you 're done . '' 
 rema was glad cassie had something else to do . 
 it was difficult enough just being here , rema did n't need another person treating her in a harsh manner . 
 rema felt guilty having breakfast in front of ellie . 
 `` do you want something to eat ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` there 's more than enough food . '' 
 her plate was piled with eggs , bread , and berries . 
 ellie 's eyes widened , and she glanced at the door . 
 `` um , no . 
 thank you . '' 
 `` i 'm not going to eat all of this , '' rema said . 
 `` and it 'd be a shame to waste the food . '' 
 the girl shifted her weight from foot to foot , looking like she wanted to devour everything on the plate . 
 `` here , '' rema handed ellie a slice of bread . 
 `` we 're not supposed to , '' ellie whispered . 
 `` does n't the castle feed its servants ? '' 
 rema asked . 
 `` yes , we get bread and water twice a day , but we are n't allowed to eat outside of the mess hall , '' ellie said . 
 bread and water was n't enough to live on . 
 the king seemed to have more than enough money based upon what rema had seen , so why were n't the servants fed better ? 
 and what harm was there in sharing with a servant ? 
 once rema finished eating , they went into the bedchamber to get ready . 
 ellie opened the armoire , revealing a stunning dress . 
 rema had never seen anything so elegant before with its tight-fitting bodice and layer upon layer of thick , blue silk , bedecked with hundreds of tiny , blue pearls . 
 rema reached out , brushing the sheer white sleeve with her fingers . 
 `` prince lennek had this delivered early this morning , while you were still sleeping . '' 
 rema pulled her hand back , not wanting to like anything prince lennek gave her . 
 loosening the ties , ellie removed the dress from the hanger . 
 `` it 's beautiful . '' 
 rema took off her brown , scratchy , wool dress . 
 it fell to the ground with a soft thump . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 rema nodded . 
 once the dress was on , she would be ready to play the part of a compliant fiancée -- even though hurt , rage , and revenge ran through her veins . 
 if lennek thought he was getting his way , then , hopefully , he would let his guard down , allowing rema to formulate a plan . 
 because she would n't stop until she had escaped the prince and her aunt and uncle were safe . 
 permanently . 
 ellie slid the dress over rema 's head and tied the back of it , securing her firmly inside the material . 
 `` you 're stunning . '' 
 rema sighed . 
 `` thank you . 
 but i 'm still me -- fancy dress or not . '' 
 ellie grinned , her eyes sparkling with amusement . 
 `` come , sit down . 
 i need to do your hair . '' 
 it felt good to sit on the settee . 
 rema 's back ached , and her legs were sore . 
 she had no problem shoveling hay , getting buckets of water , or riding a horse all day , but put her in carriage for two weeks straight , and she was a mess . 
 ellie carefully brushed out rema 's hair , then braided it with blue silk ribbons and flowers , humming while she worked . 
 ellie seemed nice enough , certainly better than the other chambermaid , cassie . 
 if rema was to have any hope of escaping the prince , then she needed allies , especially since she did n't know the politics here inside the castle and at court . 
 ellie moved to stand in front of rema , while twisting another ribbon into rema 's hair . 
 ellie 's sleeves rose to her forearms , revealing her band and tattoo . 
 `` i do n't recognize your mark , '' rema said . 
 ellie 's tattoo was a dark black crown with gray swords crisscrossed behind it . 
 `` it 's because i was n't born in one of the seven regions , but here in the castle . '' 
 ellie finished rema 's hair and took a step back to admire her work . 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 `` any servant who gets pregnant while in the king 's service forfeits their child to the king . 
 my mother became pregnant while working as a maid in the kitchen in the king 's castle . 
 now i 'm in the king 's service for life . '' 
 there was a hard edge to her voice . 
 rema did n't know what to say . 
 `` that 's why cassie is so mad , '' ellie lowered her voice . 
 `` what ? '' 
 rema exclaimed , her eyes widening at the revelation . 
 `` she 's pregnant ? '' 
 ellie nodded . 
 `` i did n't realize cassie was married . 
 she seems so young . '' 
 `` she 's not married . '' 
 `` then who is the father ? 
 another servant here in the castle ? '' 
 `` prince lennek , '' ellie whispered , taking a seat next to rema . 
 even though rema had heard several rumors about the prince wooing wealthy young ladies , it still shocked her that he actually took a servant into his bed . 
 but why was ellie revealing such personal information regarding cassie ? 
 `` who else knows ? '' 
 ellie shook her head . 
 `` no one . 
 not even the prince . 
 if he knew , he 'd make sure the baby did n't live a minute beyond its birth . 
 cassie figures pretending the father of the baby is a servant and having the child taken into the king 's service is better than the newborn being killed . '' 
 `` why are you telling me this ? '' 
 `` i thought you should know , '' ellie said , taking hold of rema 's hand . 
 `` be careful . 
 prince lennek is n't someone to trifle with . 
 remain alert at all times . '' 
 there was a knock on the door , and two armed guards entered . 
 `` hold on , '' ellie said , stranding up . 
 `` let me take a look at you before you leave . '' 
 ellie smoothed rema 's dress and adjusted one of the ribbons in her hair . 
 `` you 're ready , '' she smiled . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 rema squeezed ellie 's hand . 
 one guard led the way while the other one followed behind rema . 
 hallway after hallway blended together . 
 all the walls were the same ivory-colored stone , the floors white marble . 
 the only people they passed were dressed in palace livery , hinting that they were in the servants ' wing . 
 after going through a set of doors , they entered an open corridor filled with paintings and tapestries . 
 the first guard stopped at an archway and stepped aside . 
 in the room , the king and prince leaned close to each other , speaking with hushed voices . 
 rema stood , waiting to be acknowledged and permitted to enter . 
 three of the walls in the small room were dark blue with portraits of king barjon hanging on them . 
 rema shuddered , too many cruel eyes staring at her . 
 there must be a picture for each year the king ruled greenwood island . 
 the last wall was windowed , and in its center was a six-foot-wide , royal-blue curtain , blocking the view of the balcony on the other side . 
 `` let 's begin , '' king barjon announced . 
 he waved a hand in rema 's direction while a short man that had been standing in a corner scurried forward , placing a cape on king barjon 's shoulders . 
 the guards led her to one of the chairs in the room , and then stood on either side of the doorway . 
 lennek approached rema , placing his hands on his hips . 
 `` you 'll be before thousands of people . 
 do n't look so bloody scared . 
 you 're supposed to be in love . 
 smile . '' 
 she nodded her head . 
 the prince rolled his eyes and spun around . 
 `` arnek , is he here yet ? '' 
 rema glanced at lennek 's tall frame and wide shoulders , and instantly remembered darmik . 
 could the king and prince be awaiting darmik 's arrival ? 
 her stomach twisted just thinking of the possibility of seeing him again . 
 `` no , your highness , '' the mousey man answered . 
 `` check again . 
 we 're about to start . '' 
 prince lennek moved to the curtains where king barjon stood . 
 two men pulled the fabric aside , revealing the balcony . 
 the king walked out onto it , the curtains sliding shut behind him . 
 a loud applause arose . 
 rema heard the king talking , but she could n't hear what he said . 
 lennek paced back and forth , glancing at the doorway every couple of seconds . 
 `` where is he ? 
 father promised he 'd be here . '' 
 cheering arose and the curtains opened . 
 prince lennek glared at the door one last time before joining his father out on the balcony . 
 a guard by the curtains motioned to rema . 
 she made her way across the room , standing before the blue fabric . 
 `` people of greenwood island , '' lennek bellowed , his voice somehow amplified . 
 `` i have searched the entire kingdom for a wife . 
 someone who would help me be an exceptional ruler . 
 someone who would herself be a blessing to this island . 
 i have found that person , and she is one of you . 
 everyone , i want you to meet your future princess . '' 
 rema 's hands , sweaty and shaking , grabbed desperately onto the fabric of her dress as she tried to calm herself . 
 when the curtains pulled aside , rema froze . 
 one of the soldiers took her arm and shoved her onto the balcony . 
 stumbling , she caught hold of lennek 's hand to steady herself . 
 a hush fell over the crowd . 
 hundreds of people stood below in a large , stone courtyard . 
 beyond the courtyard , a road leading back down into the city was also lined with people . 
 thousands of eyes were upon her . 
 `` she is a horse merchant 's niece , '' the prince continued . 
 rema backed away , panic taking over , making it difficult to breath . 
 lennek squeezed rema 's hand , pulling her closer to his side . 
 `` one of you . '' 
 the applause reverberated throughout the courtyard . 
 the announcement seemed a success . 
 prince lennek smiled -- a real smile that lit up his eyes -- almost making rema want to smile right along with him . 
 almost . 
 scanning the crowd , rema felt uneasy . 
 even though everyone was cheering , she did n't see any smiles , and there were dozens of soldiers throughout the crowd . 
 her feet slowly inched backwards . 
 rema wanted off the balcony and away from this royal family . 
 she had no desire to be associated with them , nor did she want the people to think of her as their future princess . 
 even though she was going along with lennek for now , she did not intend to marry him . 
 rema 's foot caught on the back of her dress , throwing her off balance , her hands flying out to grab onto something . 
 that something turned out to be the king 's cape . 
 it was enough to steady herself , until the king ripped it out of her hands , glaring at her . 
 `` sorry , '' she mumbled . 
 lennek seized her arm . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she repeated . 
 lennek looked at her like she was a fool . 
 rema pulled her arm away from him and rubbed it . 
 `` churl , '' the king murmured to rema , wrinkling his nose in disgust . 
 then he faced the people below , opening his arms as if to embrace them . 
 `` people of greenwood island ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 `` thank you for coming . 
 we will be celebrating my son 's marriage soon ! '' 
 he spun around and glided off the balcony , back into the room . 
 rema glanced out at the crowd . 
 the mood had shifted . 
 all eyes were still on her , but several people smiled , a few even nodded . 
 `` let 's go , '' prince lennek said , pinching her elbow and escorting her back into the room . 
 `` where is he ? '' 
 the king yelled . 
 `` your majesty , '' arnek replied , `` he has just arrived . '' 
 the king grunted and left the room . 
 lennek released rema 's arm . 
 she wondered if the he they referred to was darmik or someone else . 
 `` he 's here ? '' 
 lennek asked his steward . 
 `` yes , your highness . 
 main courtyard . '' 
 `` guards , '' lennek shouted , `` take rema to her room . 
 quickly ! '' 
 lennek mumbled to himself , `` it 'll be on my terms . 
 i wo n't let him ruin this . '' 
 the two guards ushered rema from the room and to the left . 
 she swore they had entered from the other direction . 
 like before , one guard walked in front and the other one behind her . 
 the trio traveled through several hallways , just like her trip here , but this time , the corridors were covered with tapestries and paintings . 
 they must have been in the main part of the castle instead of the servant 's corridors . 
 rema tried to get her bearings , taking note of the paintings at junctions and looking out windows when she could . 
 if she was ever afforded the opportunity to escape , she wanted to have some idea of where she was in the massive castle . 
 the sheer size of the place was overwhelming . 
 everyone from her village could easily live inside the castle . 
 how did these guards even know where they were going ? 
 when they rounded yet another corner , everything started to blur together . 
 all the tapestries depicted similar generic pictures -- gardens , flowers , or open land . 
 even the windows offered little help . 
 the city was in the distance but nothing stood out to her . 
 `` what level are we on ? '' 
 rema asked . 
 the guard in front of rema continued walking without answering . 
 the one behind her cleared his throat . 
 `` fifth floor , my lady . '' 
 rema glanced back at him . 
 he had an odd expression , like he was curious about something . 
 they continued . 
 the end of the corridor opened onto two dozen balconies overlooking a central courtyard below with a domed , stained-glass ceiling above . 
 the sun shone through the multi-colored dome , casting red , blue , and yellow light onto the pristine white marble floor . 
 rema moved to the edge of the railing , observing a large water fountain with a statue of king barjon wielding a sword . 
 water cascaded from his feet down into the pool surrounding it . 
 several groups of elegantly dressed people stood around the courtyard talking , quiet whispers filling the air . 
 one group , however , was louder than the rest . 
 rema focused on them , wondering what was going on . 
 there were about a dozen men , all dressed in the king 's army uniform . 
 one of them stood out in front of the others , like he was issuing orders . 
 he looked a bit like prince lennek , tall and confident , the soldiers listening intently to him , focused on his every word . 
 the soldier glanced up at the balcony across from rema where king barjon was storming down the hallway . 
 the king leaned over the side and yelled , `` prince darmik , i need to speak with you . 
 my study , now . '' 
 rema 's hands tightened on the railing , her knuckles turning white . 
 the soldier was darmik . 
 her face warmed , and she wished he would look her way . 
 of course , it made sense darmik was here -- the king was his father and he was a prince . 
 fingers slid around her upper arm , urging her on . 
 `` do n't stop , prince lennek will get mad , '' the guard whispered . 
 they went down another hallway away from the courtyard . 
 rema was certain they had just come this way . 
 darmik was here , in this very castle . 
 rema still remembered how he had warned her when prince lennek was coming , giving her the opportunity to leave before he saw her . 
 did that mean darmik was aware of his brother 's true nature ? 
 maybe darmik knew what lennek really wanted with her -- but would he be willing to help her ? 
 rema shook her head . 
 trusting or enlisting anyone 's aid would be dangerous , especially prince lennek 's own brother . 
 `` bloody hell , '' the guard behind her mumbled . 
 rema glanced up . 
 walking directly toward them was prince lennek . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 the prince asked . 
 his eyebrows bent inward in confusion . 
 darmik 's voice echoed behind them . 
 lennek 's eyes widened and his nostrils flared . 
 rema took a step back . 
 `` get her into her quarters , '' he demanded . 
 `` quickly . '' 
 both guards took hold of rema 's arms and ushered her past prince lennek , picking up the pace . 
 the prince 's footsteps pounded close behind . 
 rema shuddered . 
 stopping before the large , wooden door to rema 's room , a guard unlocked it . 
 rema entered and moved to close the door when lennek shoved past her . 
 `` leave us , '' he ordered the guards . 
 there was a flicker of sympathy on their faces as they closed the door , leaving prince lennek alone with rema . 
 lennek stood in the middle of the sitting room with his arms crossed , staring at her . 
 he stepped closer , and she backed away . 
 her body went cold , like she was lying in snow . 
 `` that wo n't do , darling , '' prince lennek pointed at her , tsking . 
 the light caught on his sapphire ring . 
 `` tomorrow night , you will be presented before the court . 
 every facial expression , hand gesture , and blink , will be scrutinized , '' lennek said . 
 `` i want to remind you that we are engaged , in love , and will be married . 
 i expect you to play your part flawlessly . 
 otherwise , well , otherwise your poor aunt and uncle will have a nasty accident like bren . 
 are we clear ? '' 
 just hearing uncle kar and aunt maya 's names spoken by lennek made rema 's stomach twist . 
 she wanted to spit in his face -- but she knew better . 
 her aunt and uncle had always taken care of her , and she loved them dearly . 
 when rema was only eight years old , she had been out riding snow when he was spooked and she was thrown from him . 
 before she could roll out of the way , snow stepped on her ribcage . 
 luckily , uncle kar was there . 
 he pulled her to safety , carrying rema home for over two miles . 
 aunt maya bound her ribs and sat at her bedside for days . 
 rema remembered aunt maya crying and telling her that she wished she could take away rema 's pain . 
 rema would protect her family -- no matter the cost . 
 smiling sweetly , rema responded , `` of course , my love , '' her words dripping with sarcasm . 
 lennek chuckled . 
 he reached out and grabbed her wrist , pulling her body against his . 
 with the weight of the dress , she fell into him . 
 quickly regaining her footing , rema pushed herself upright and away from lennek , but he did n't release her . 
 `` start playing the part , '' he whispered , lowering his head to hers . 
 rema did not want to kiss this man who had bren killed and threatened her family . 
 she would rather die . 
 but she had to think of uncle kar and aunt maya . 
 they did n't deserve to be hurt because of her . 
 rema needed to be alone so she could figure out what prince lennek wanted with her . 
 perhaps she could negotiate her aunt and uncle 's freedom . 
 a plan suddenly formed . 
 `` do n't you want a wife that is pure ? '' 
 rema asked . 
 his lips were about to touch hers . 
 lennek 's hot breath coated her face like fire . 
 `` i assume you would honor your future wife , respect her . 
 especially if you want the same from me . '' 
 she had an intense desire to shove him away but , instead , forced her body to remain still . 
 the prince had an odd smell to him , like he had bathed in rosemary . 
 rema no longer liked rosemary . 
 `` do n't you want our first kiss to be at our wedding ? 
 so everyone can see ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` hmm , '' he mused . 
 `` clever and feisty . 
 i ca n't wait to break you . '' 
 rema kept her face clear , even , and controlled , even though she was shaking inside . 
 `` fine . '' 
 he backed away . 
 `` you win this round . 
 it 'll look like i 've conformed for you . 
 good . '' 
 chuckling , he sauntered out of the room . 
 darmik `` where the hell have you been ? '' 
 king barjon hollered , his face distorted with rage . 
 darmik moved to the center of the study , keeping the desk between him and his father . 
 `` i 'm sorry i did n't make it in time . 
 there was an altercation . '' 
 lennek mumbled something , stifling a laugh . 
 he slouched on the settee off to the side , his feet resting on the low table . 
 lennek almost looked guilty -- like he used to when he was a child and tattled on darmik for something that was n't darmik 's fault , just to get him in trouble . 
 the king balled his hands into fists . 
 darmik knew there was nothing he could say or do to calm his father down . 
 `` you were supposed to be out on that balcony with us . 
 we were supposed to be a family -- united . '' 
 the king paced back and forth in front of the tall glass windows . 
 `` we had a deal . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , father . 
 i got here as fast as i could . 
 i expect the remaining soldiers to return with our prisoner shortly . '' 
 he hoped the boon would help , but the king did n't look impressed . 
 `` sometimes , darmik , '' he spat , `` you need to put your family and your responsibilities to us first . 
 you are still a prince , or have you forgotten that ? 
 you need to start acting like one . '' 
 darmik bit back his reply and waited for his punishment . 
 there was no use arguing or defending himself . 
 `` there will be a celebration feast tomorrow , and lennek 's fiancée will be presented to the court , '' king barjon said . 
 `` you will dance with her , publically supporting the marriage . 
 agreed ? '' 
 darmik nodded . 
 `` oh , and one more thing . '' 
 the king stood before darmik with his hands resting on his hips . 
 `` you will stay here , in king 's city , until after the wedding . 
 you wo n't be out roaming around the kingdom . 
 understood ? '' 
 the challenge showed in his eyes . 
 so this was darmik 's punishment since his father could n't have him publically whipped or reprimanded . 
 and staying here , in the city , was much worse than a beating . 
 darmik would have preferred the physical pain . 
 at least then , it would 've been over with . 
 **** the sun was just starting to rise when darmik received several reports of small riots throughout the kingdom . 
 instead of riding to join his army and deal with the uprisings , he had to send soldiers in his place . 
 storming from the castle , darmik headed straight toward the stables . 
 he craved the freedom of riding and the focus of hunting to take his mind away from his father and brother and being confined within the city walls . 
 if he did n't calm himself down , he 'd never make it through the engagement party this evening . 
 luckily , neco had arrived late last night with good news -- he managed to apprehend one of the rebels . 
 the prisoner was inside the military 's interrogation room this very minute . 
 `` brother ! '' 
 lennek called from somewhere behind him . 
 darmik stopped and listened to lennek 's footsteps growing louder . 
 remaining calm and in control was vital . 
 they were outside the castle 's west entrance , and anyone could see them from one of the numerous windows . 
 darmik counted to ten and then turned around . 
 `` sorry i missed the announcement yesterday , '' darmik said softly . 
 `` i 'm sure it was ... interesting , to say the least . '' 
 the corners of lennek 's mouth turned up . 
 `` you have no idea . '' 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 darmik crossed his arms , waiting for lennek to mock him . 
 `` oh , nothing . 
 but since you are going to be around for a while , we should spend some time together . 
 i 'd love for you to get to know my fiancée . '' 
 lennek spoke slowly , with a distinct drawl . 
 he was definitely up to something . 
 despite darmik 's intense desire to punch lennek 's jaw , darmik kept his arms crossed and his hands hidden in his armpits . 
 glancing around , no one was about except for lennek 's guards , twenty feet away . 
 regardless , darmik kept his voice low , just in case . 
 `` i 'm the commander of an entire army . 
 spending leisure time with you and your future wife is n't high on my agenda . '' 
 laughing , lennek said , `` of course it is n't . 
 but it will be a pleasure introducing the two of you tonight . 
 she is rather ... special . '' 
 anyone who agreed to marry lennek would have to be special . 
 `` i have things to do , '' darmik said , wanting to get this conversation over with so he could get on his horse and ride . 
 neco was probably already mounted and ready to go . 
 `` of course , '' lennek said . 
 `` i 'll see you tonight . '' 
 darmik hurried to the stables . 
 there had to be more to lennek 's marriage that darmik was n't privy to , otherwise , lennek would n't be so smug . 
 something was going on , but darmik did n't want to get wrapped up in whatever game lennek was playing . 
 lennek would do anything to win , and the stakes were often more than darmik could afford to lose . 
 entering the stables , the smell of horse and leather greeted him , calming his nerves . 
 neco stood waiting , holding the reins between two horses , already saddled with a set of bows and arrows attached . 
 neco raised his eyebrows in question , but darmik shook his head . 
 they mounted and exited the stables . 
 darmik steered his horse to the gate , and they entered the city . 
 both neco and darmik wore nondescript clothing so nobody would pay attention to them as long as they kept moving . 
 riding side by side , they stuck to the less crowded streets . 
 most shops were already open , and many people were at work . 
 when they exited the city , they went toward the only place to hunt -- greenwood forest . 
 technically the king had ordered darmik to remain within the city walls , but the forest was just a few miles away and it was good hunting territory . 
 darmik urged his horse faster , pushing him to a full gallop . 
 the wind hit his face , clean and crisp . 
 clouds hung heavy in the air , a sign that rain was coming . 
 when they reached greenwood forest , darmik slowed his horse and continued for another mile . 
 once they had traveled far enough , darmik dismounted , tied his horse to a tree , and neco followed suit . 
 grabbing their quivers and slinging their bows over their shoulders , they headed west . 
 `` obviously , you do n't want to talk about it , '' neco said . 
 `` no , i do n't . '' 
 they found an excellent hiding spot between a rock and a bush with a small pond in front of them . 
 it was only a matter of time before an animal came their way . 
 darmik slid next to the rock and held still while neco camouflaged himself with the vegetation . 
 a deer approached the pond . 
 its ears flickered back and forth . 
 not sensing any danger , the deer dropped its head to drink . 
 darmik nocked his arrow , steadied his arm , and released the string . 
 his arrow struck , hitting near the heart . 
 it was followed by another as neco took aim and made his shot . 
 the deer went down before it even knew what hit it . 
 `` so , '' neco began . 
 `` what ? '' 
 darmik asked , lowering his bow . 
 `` what do you want to know ? '' 
 he voice was harsh . 
 neco raised his arms in surrender . 
 `` i do n't want to know anything . 
 i was just going to ask for a day 's leave . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 darmik had n't expected that . 
 he assumed neco wanted to know what he was upset about . 
 `` a day 's leave ? '' 
 darmik repeated , the idea foreign to him . 
 `` yes . 
 since we never stay in king 's city long , i 'd like a day to see ... '' `` to see ? '' 
 darmik prompted , surprised neco had someone he wanted to see . 
 his family did n't live in king 's city . 
 `` i met someone the last time we came here . 
 she works as a chambermaid in the castle , '' neco said , avoiding darmik 's face . 
 `` i 'd like to spend a day with her . '' 
 in all the years darmik had known neco , he 'd never asked for a day off , nor had he ever met someone he was interested in for more than one night . 
 `` of course , '' darmik said . 
 `` take a day . 
 but it looks like we 'll be stuck here for a few weeks . '' 
 he stood and went over to the deer . 
 `` so that 's why you 're in a foul mood , '' neco said . 
 `` let 's go out drinking tonight . 
 no one has to know . 
 you can wear a disguise . '' 
 `` i ca n't . 
 i have other obligations at the castle . '' 
 if only things were that simple . 
 but tonight was the engagement party , and today there was an interrogation to attend and an endless amount of paperwork . 
 duty called . 
 still , darmik could n't help but envy neco . 
 how easy it was for him to find someone to be with . 
 darmik would never be able to love a woman without lennek tainting it . 
 his thoughts drifted to rema . 
 her fiery lips , corn-silk blonde hair ... but he would never see her again . 
 there was no use thinking about her , torturing himself with things he could never have . 
 lennek would never allow him that happiness . 
 after securing the deer to the back of neco 's horse , they headed to the military compound . 
 they gave the deer to the army 's cook , stabled their horses , and headed toward the interrogation room . 
 now that darmik 's mind was focused , he got back to business . 
 `` you apprehended one of the three we were following , right ? '' 
 `` yes , '' neco answered . 
 `` not the one we fought , though . '' 
 they passed by several soldiers , who saluted in respect . 
 when they reached the door , neco stopped . 
 `` just one thing . '' 
 darmik nodded for him to continue . 
 `` this one 's ... different . '' 
 `` meaning ? '' 
 `` we know that these rebels are trained , that 's clear from our fight back in telan . 
 but , there 's something else . 
 i do n't think these men are farmers and merchants rising against the crown . 
 it 's almost as if they are from an army . '' 
 darmik 's skin prickled . 
 more was going on here than originally thought . 
 `` and he 's not marked . '' 
 that did n't make any sense . 
 were n't the rebels from this kingdom trying to restore a possible heir to the throne ? 
 it would be near impossible for a foreign army to arrive on greenwood island undetected , especially when the kingdom was under the protection of emperion . 
 `` let 's see what we can discover . '' 
 darmik motioned for neco to open the door to the interrogation room . 
 they entered the dark , gray stone building located in the center of the compound . 
 burning candles lined the inner walls for light since there were n't any windows . 
 there was a door in the floor leading to the underground tunnels where prisoners could easily and secretly be taken in and out of the city , or to the dungeon . 
 in the middle of the room , the prisoner sat on a chair chained to the ground . 
 his hands and feet were bound . 
 the man appeared to be in his mid-twenties . 
 his hair was pulled back , and he wore clothes similar to any commoner . 
 darmik leaned against the wall , facing the prisoner . 
 three of his soldiers stood against the far wall waiting for orders . 
 the side of the prisoner 's head was swollen , like he had been hit with the hilt of a sword , but there was no blood . 
 the man sat still , staring straight ahead at nothing . 
 erikk looked to darmik , who nodded , letting him know it was time to begin . 
 a tub of water sat in one corner of the room . 
 in another corner was a table with various weapons . 
 darmik hoped it did n't come to that . 
 most men caved before they reached the table . 
 it was there to scare more than for actual use . 
 `` your name , '' erikk said , his voice echoing off the walls . 
 dead silence . 
 `` i will ask the questions , and you will answer . 
 last chance , what is your name ? '' 
 erikk demanded . 
 the prisoner sat , giving no indication he 'd even heard the question . 
 any other prisoner would be shaking , crying , or begging for their life . 
 neco was right -- this one was different . 
 almost as if he had been trained not to break during an interrogation . 
 chek walked to the corner of the room and picked up a wooden mallet . 
 he moved to the prisoner , and in one swift motion , smashed his kneecap . 
 the man 's face turned red , and his eyes bulged from the pain . 
 but he did n't scream . 
 `` who do you work for ? '' 
 erikk asked . 
 nothing , but he blinked hard as blood trickled from the tear in his pants . 
 darmik shook his head . 
 did the rebel have a death wish ? 
 chek glanced to darmik , who gave the signal . 
 chek swung the mallet , crushing the man 's other kneecap . 
 this time the prisoner let out a loud grunt , but kept his teeth clutched together , still looking ahead at nothing . 
 `` who trained you ? '' 
 silence . 
 chek looked grimly at darmik . 
 the prisoner 's eyes darted to darmik , and then away again . 
 darmik hated to use brutality , but it usually provided the information they needed in a quick and efficient manner . 
 darmik nodded , and chek struck the man 's right elbow . 
 this time the man cried out in pain . 
 he would have fallen from his chair had he not been chained to the ground . 
 `` where are your headquarters located ? '' 
 the man was breathing heavily , about to pass out from the pain . 
 chek wacked the prisoner 's left elbow , and the man screamed , his eyes rolling back in his head . 
 darmik cringed , wondering why the man did n't give in and answer . 
 even if the information was false , the prisoner still could 've said something to protect himself . 
 borek and chek pulled the tub of water next to the chair . 
 the prisoner 's chest heaved up and down . 
 darmik raised his hand and his men stepped back from the prisoner , giving darmik room . 
 he pushed away from the wall , moving closer to the rebel . 
 their usual methods were n't working this time . 
 darmik squatted until he was eye level with the prisoner . 
 the rebel would n't look at darmik , but the man kept blinking , aware of the commander 's presence . 
 `` i admire your loyalty , '' darmik said . 
 `` to have such conviction and passion for your cause is commendable . '' 
 an idea formed in darmik 's head . 
 it was a long shot , but it might be the only chance they had . 
 turning to his men , darmik ordered everyone to leave . 
 erikk , chek , and borek did as instructed , but neco remained standing against the wall . 
 `` you too , neco . '' 
 `` sir , '' neco said , shocked . 
 `` even though the prisoner is chained , i ca n't allow you to remain in here , alone . '' 
 darmik knew it was hard when the king had given an order that darmik be protected at all times . 
 however , he knew neco would follow his command over the king 's . 
 `` i gave you an order . '' 
 after a long moment , neco said , `` i 'll be right outside if you need me . '' 
 the door banged shut . 
 the only sound was the heavy breathing from the prisoner . 
 `` your name , please . 
 i just want to be able to talk to you . '' 
 the rebel glanced at darmik 's face and spit on the ground . 
 `` well , soldier , we seem to have a problem . 
 i have questions , and you have the answers , but neither of us is willing to budge . '' 
 `` are you prince darmik ? 
 the commander ? '' 
 the soldier whispered , breathing hard . 
 `` yes . '' 
 the man squeezed his eyes shut , then opened them , looking directly at darmik . 
 `` i am prepared to die for my cause . '' 
 `` i assumed as much . '' 
 darmik twisted the man 's arm , verifying the lack of a mark . 
 the rebel 's wrist was bare , and he was n't wearing an identification band . 
 `` i 'm willing to give you something if you 'll do the same , '' darmik said . 
 he stood and moved closer to the table filled with weapons and continued , `` i have a pretty good idea where your base camp is located . 
 it 's only a matter of time before i find it . '' 
 if the prisoner did n't go along with darmik 's plan , darmik would have to lock him up or have him killed . 
 there was no point in torturing the man -- it would n't produce the desired results . 
 `` i also know there 's only one possible heir , and i 'm already working on verifying it . '' 
 darmik still had n't discovered if the babies were n't tattooed until age one . 
 if that was the case , then there was no heir . 
 but if they received the tattoo before their first birthday , then darmik knew the heir was alive -- he just had to find her . 
 and he figured if he found the basecamp , he 'd find the heir . 
 darmik focused on the prisoner . 
 `` if i provide you with a one-man escort , will you take a message to your leader ? '' 
 darmik hoped to have someone follow them , thus discovering the base camp 's location . 
 the man 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` captors never return to camp . 
 that is one of our orders . '' 
 these rebels were well organized , working under orders . 
 neco 's theory of an army was beginning to make sense . 
 without the rebel 's cooperation , darmik 's plan was n't going to work . 
 he left the room . 
 `` neco , execute the prisoner , '' darmik said . 
 a public death was best . 
 then word would reach the rebel 's leader that darmik had no mercy for such lawless behavior . 
 `` what reason do you want posted ? '' 
 neco asked . 
 `` for not bearing a region mark , '' darmik said . 
 `` see that there are stations set up in every town . 
 i want every person checked . 
 anyone without a mark will be executed on site . 
 get the word out . '' 
 rema rema sat on the chair before the fireplace , trying to get warm . 
 she pulled the key out from under her nightdress and lifted it over her head . 
 it left a red mark on her chest where it had been crushed tightly against her body while she was sleeping . 
 when she twisted the key , the light cast from the fireplace gleamed off the ruby , making the entire key appear red . 
 rema carefully opened it up and stared at the words , trying to decipher them . 
 rema remember to always look back and you 'll be ok but not at night , only in the am trust in him , your family rema still did n't understand why the key was inscribed with `` rema '' instead of her real name , tabitha . 
 since rema had n't heard her aunt or uncle talk about another rema , ever , she decided that this necklace was intended for her . 
 however , uncle kar and aunt maya would n't have said your family . 
 anytime they gave her a gift , like new riding boots , they always said , love uncle kar and aunt maya . 
 they only ever referred to her parents as her family , and never by name . 
 rema had n't thought about it before , but that was odd -- to not use her parents ' names . 
 she had always assumed it was too painful to discuss , so her aunt and uncle never talked about them . 
 was this necklace from her parents ? 
 there was a hard knock , and cassie entered . 
 her eyes were red and swollen , like she had been crying . 
 `` are you well ? '' 
 rema asked , jumping from the chair and rushing over to her . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 cassie snapped , pointing to the necklace clutched in rema 's hand . 
 `` nothing , '' rema said , slipping the key around her neck , where it belonged . 
 `` did prince lennek give it to you ? '' 
 cassie harshly asked , moving closer to rema . 
 her hand reached out , as if to grab the necklace . 
 `` no , '' rema answered , taking a step back . 
 `` it 's from my family , and it 's none of your concern . '' 
 cassie laughed , the sound bitter . 
 `` you think you 're so much better than me , do n't you ? '' 
 her hands balled into fists . 
 there was a wild look to her eyes . 
 `` but you 're not . 
 and when prince lennek 's done with you , he 'll discard you like trash . '' 
 rema knew saying anything would only make matters worse . 
 cassie had walked into the room upset over something , and rema had only further aggravated her . 
 `` he said he was going to marry a commoner , '' cassie whispered . 
 `` when he took me to bed , i thought i was special . 
 and it 's not like i could 've said no . 
 he 's the crown prince . '' 
 her eyes filled with tears . 
 `` why you ? 
 what makes you so special ? '' 
 so not only was cassie carrying lennek 's baby , but she was also in love with him . 
 `` i do n't know , '' rema shook her head . 
 `` i wish i understood prince lennek 's motivations , but i do n't . '' 
 ellie entered , carrying red fabric draped over her arm . 
 `` everything all right ? '' 
 she asked . 
 cassie turned to face her . 
 `` i 'm not feeling well . '' 
 `` i 'll take it from here . 
 you go and rest , '' ellie said . 
 cassie glanced back at rema . 
 `` no matter what he tells you , he 's lying . 
 he ca n't possibly love you . '' 
 rema did n't respond . 
 cassie stalked out of the room with her head down . 
 `` will she recover ? '' 
 rema asked . 
 ellie nodded . 
 `` she 's a fighter . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 rema pointed to the red material . 
 `` it 's your dress for tonight . '' 
 ellie went to the bedchamber and hung the dress up in the armoire . 
 `` but you do n't have to get ready yet , '' ellie said , coming back into the sitting room . 
 `` i thought you could use some company since you ca n't leave the room . '' 
 `` not even if we take the guards with us ? '' 
 ellie shook her head . 
 `` prince lennek 's orders are that you 're not allowed from your room until the party tonight . '' 
 rema sighed with frustration . 
 all of this inactivity was getting to her . 
 she would give anything to ride a horse right now . 
 `` do you want to ... '' rema trailed off . 
 ellie was staring at rema 's necklace , her mouth hanging open and eyebrows bent inward . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` i ... um ... you ... '' she scratched her head and glanced away . 
 `` ellie , is everything all right ? '' 
 rema led ellie to the settee . 
 `` what is it ? 
 you can tell me . '' 
 ellie looked directly into rema 's eyes . 
 `` where 'd you get that necklace ? '' 
 she asked . 
 when cassie had asked the question , rema knew it was out of jealousy over lennek . 
 with ellie , however , there was something else fueling her desire to know . 
 `` my aunt maya gave it to me . 
 it 's a family heirloom . '' 
 ellie folded her hands in her lap and whispered , `` that necklace , there 's no way a merchant 's niece , or daughter , or even wife , would have something that valuable . '' 
 `` what are you getting at ? '' 
 rema asked . 
 `` shortly before your arrival , '' ellie said , `` i was assigned to be your chambermaid . 
 after completing my work one evening , i was on my way to the servants ' wing when a man stopped me . 
 he wore palace livery , but i had never seen him before . '' 
 ellie took a deep breath . 
 `` the man asked if the key had arrived yet . 
 when i told him i did n't understand , he said that a young lady would arrive wearing a key . 
 he said to tell the bearer that ` they are waiting . ' 
 and he said to tell you that ` the code would lead you to him . ' 
 then he disappeared . '' 
 rema ran her fingers over the key . 
 `` what did he look like ? '' 
 `` he was about forty years old with long , dark hair and brown eyes . 
 no defining features . '' 
 it could n't have been uncle kar . 
 but , who was it ? 
 and how did they know about the hidden message in the key ? 
 rema looked at ellie . 
 could she trust this girl whom she 'd just met ? 
 since she was having no luck figuring it out on her own , perhaps with the two of them working together , they could decipher the message . 
 rema lifted the necklace over her head and opened the key . 
 ellie leaned in as her eyes widened . 
 `` i think the code he was referring to is this , '' rema said . 
 she read the inscription to ellie . 
 looking at it with a fresh perspective , rema realized it must have been written this way to emphasize certain words . 
 `` i think rema , back , ok , and am are important , '' she said , since these words stood on a line by themselves . 
 `` it appears so . 
 but why is n't back capitalized like the others ? '' 
 ellie asked . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` let 's look at it line by line , '' ellie said . 
 `` they 're telling you to always look back . '' 
 `` but look back at what ? 
 my life ? '' 
 rema wondered aloud . 
 `` maybe it means literally ? '' 
 rema glanced behind her . 
 `` sorry , all i see is the chair ! '' 
 `` the part i do n't get , '' ellie said , `` is this bit about only in the am . 
 why not day ? 
 why say am ? '' 
 `` it must have some significance , '' rema said . 
 `` but then there 's this line about trusting in him . 
 who 's him ? 
 and is this him the same person the man was referring to when he spoke to you ? '' 
 there was a knock on the door . 
 rema closed the key and slid it around her neck , frustrated . 
 `` i 'll keep thinking about it and let you know if i come up with anything . '' 
 `` thank you , ellie . '' 
 rema felt better with her help . 
 a guard entered with food . 
 ellie took the tray and handed it to rema . 
 `` you 're so lucky , '' she whispered . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 rema asked , watching the guard leave . 
 being locked in a castle and forced to marry was hardly what she considered lucky . 
 `` the king is feeding you . 
 and not just bread and water . '' 
 rema recalled her studies with aunt maya . 
 the king established a law that all food grown on the island had to be handed over to the king . 
 then the food was sold back to the people at an exorbitant rate that hardly anyone could afford . 
 half the time , the food went bad before making it to the people . 
 rema 's family had always been fortunate living next to bren . 
 since bren 's family was farmers , they illegally kept enough food for their family as well as rema 's . 
 most were not so fortunate . 
 but perhaps rema could take what little influence she had and put it to use , then some good could come out of the horrible situation she was in . 
 `` ellie , if i request food , can you see that it gets out of the castle , to the people who need it ? '' 
 the corners of ellie 's mouth turned up . 
 `` i 'm sure something can be arranged . 
 especially if i am following your orders . '' 
 **** two guards stood with rema outside the grand hall 's entrance , waiting for prince lennek to arrive . 
 rema glanced down at herself , fingering the soft , silk dress . 
 the tight bodice sucked in at her waist and its long sleeves draped to the ground , flowing like water around her feet . 
 rema hoped she would n't trip , and that her sleeves would n't land in her food . 
 when ellie had first helped rema put the dress on , there was a `` v '' shaped slit in the material between her breasts . 
 it revealed so much that little was left to the imagination . 
 rema refused to wear the dress , but ellie insisted rema did n't have a choice . 
 prince lennek had the dress designed for rema , specifically for this evening . 
 luckily , rema knew how to sew -- she never thought that particular skill would come in handy . 
 working together , they managed to close much of the `` v '' and as a result , most of rema 's chest was now covered . 
 still , she had never worn anything this seductive before . 
 the mousey steward arnek approached . 
 his mouth dropped open , and he fluttered his eyelids . 
 `` uh , '' he stammered , `` prince lennek is on his way . '' 
 one guard softly chuckled , and the other guard shook his head . 
 both of them were studiously looking anywhere but at rema . 
 when her guards had first arrived , their eyes got so big rema thought they would roll right out of their sockets . 
 ellie laughed , thinking the entire ordeal was funny . 
 of course , ellie was n't the one wearing the suggestive dress . 
 since rema had asked them not to stare , they 'd been diligently following her request . 
 `` i 'll just go and see if the prince needs any help . '' 
 arnek tripped over his own feet as he hurried away . 
 even arnek , who despised her , was taken by the alluring dress . 
 rema never imagined wearing something so exquisite , yet , she felt awkward and out of place . 
 this was n't who she wanted to be , and she did n't like the attention that came with it . 
 prince lennek strolled forward , his eyes roaming up and down rema 's body . 
 he nodded in approval , unable to suppress a smile . 
 lennek wore black pants and a red tunic that matched her dress . 
 the colors complimented his hair and eyes . 
 under normal circumstances , rema would 've told him that he looked handsome . 
 however , things were far from normal , and rema suspected he already knew . 
 besides , she hated him . 
 loathed him . 
 she did n't want to waste a compliment on one so undeserving . 
 `` oh rema , '' lennek happily cooed . 
 `` you exceed my expectations . '' 
 she hated the way his eyes lingered over her body , like she was a possession instead of a person . 
 they stood before the doors , waiting to enter the grand hall . 
 rema heard the king announce the engagement of his son . 
 when the doors swung open , rema grabbed lennek 's arm and forced a smile . 
 her hands were clammy and shaking , and she feared that she would trip and fall . 
 even though she despised the prince and hated touching him , she clenched his arm as he led her inside to greet the nobles and courtiers who were dressed in refined , rich clothing . 
 the grand hall was ostentatiously decorated with white flowers , the stems wrapped with red , satin fabric . 
 candles were on the walls , tables , and hanging from the ceiling in chandeliers . 
 all the tables were covered in the same lavish material , matching rema 's dress . 
 the smells of perfume and food were overwhelming . 
 so many people were present that rema could n't even count . 
 everyone bowed or curtseyed when prince lennek and rema passed by . 
 `` relax , darling . 
 you 're squeezing my arm . '' 
 rema tried to loosen her grasp . 
 `` everyone is staring , '' she whispered . 
 `` of course , we are the center of attention . 
 and you , my sweetness , look delicious enough to eat . '' 
 rema shivered , feeling like a piece of meat before a hungry pack of wolves . 
 stopping in the center of the room , lennek thanked everyone for coming to share in their happy celebration . 
 then he leaned down and whispered , `` ah , my brother is here . 
 good . 
 i ca n't wait to introduce you to prince darmik . 
 there he is , next to my father . '' 
 rema froze in place . 
 her eyes darted to the head table , seeking the familiar face . 
 her eyes locked with darmik 's , and a prickling heat spread throughout her body , turning her cheeks as red as her dress . 
 her lips broke into a smile . 
 `` come on , darling . '' 
 lennek pulled her along , escorting her toward the table . 
 rema could n't take her eyes off darmik . 
 he wore a black tunic and black pants , the only sign of his position was the silver crown embroidered on the front . 
 walking toward him , rema took the opportunity to examine his face . 
 he was still as handsome as she remembered , but he had an ugly bruise on his left jaw and a cut above his right eyebrow -- like he had been in a fistfight . 
 it made him look dark and foreboding . 
 but he was commander of the king 's army . 
 darmik 's face remained impassive , as if he did n't recognize her . 
 rema 's smile vanished and her initial excitement was replaced with a feeling of dread . 
 she could n't figure out what darmik was thinking . 
 she had an intense desire to go to him , but she knew that would only infuriate lennek . 
 reaching the table , rema finally tore her eyes away from him . 
 the table consisted of four place settings , the king in the middle , lennek and darmik on either side of the king , and rema at the end next to lennek . 
 sitting down , rema felt the scrutiny of everyone in the room . 
 servants brought in plates of food , helping to divert the attention away from her . 
 there were two different kinds of fish , potatoes , vegetables , and wine . 
 even though her appetite was gone , rema tried to eat anyway , not wanting to waste the food . 
 glancing around , most people were too busy talking to one another to eat . 
 rema wondered what was going to happen to all the food . 
 would it be thrown away or given to those in need ? 
 she 'd have to look into that . 
 getting up her nerve , rema stole a quick peek at darmik . 
 he sat with his arms crossed , not eating , staring up at the ceiling . 
 he seemed furious . 
 she wanted to scrutinize every detail about him , but she needed to focus on lennek , so she would n't get herself in trouble . 
 after the king finished eating , one of the musicians announced dancing would begin in the adjacent room . 
 the king asked rema for the first dance and escorted her to the ballroom , everyone following behind them . 
 the musicians began playing a simple , elegant melody . 
 rema danced the first set with king barjon . 
 throughout the entire dance , the king kept rema at arm 's length , not paying any attention to her . 
 he did n't even attempt conversation . 
 rema did n't mind , and she used the opportunity to study him . 
 king barjon was someone rema would never trust . 
 it was his eyes , just like lennek 's , that revealed a cruelty within . 
 when the music ended , his arms dropped from her waist , and he moved to a group of guests next to them . 
 rema was relieved that the awkward moment was over . 
 she glanced around for somewhere she could slip off to and hide , but lennek hurried over to her side . 
 `` it 's time you met my brother . '' 
 lennek guided rema over to the other end of the room , where darmik stood against a wall with his arms crossed . 
 she must have hesitated because lennek whispered , `` he wo n't hurt you . '' 
 there was a strange amusement to lennek 's voice . 
 prince darmik certainly looked the part , but she was n't afraid he was going to hurt her . 
 there was something else fueling her resistance to talk to him , a feeling she neither recognized nor understood . 
 `` darmik , '' lennek addressed his brother informally . 
 `` i 'd like you to meet rema , my future wife . '' 
 the music started up , and the next dance begun . 
 darmik 's eyes bore into lennek 's . 
 he did n't even glance rema 's way . 
 perhaps he did n't recognize her , especially since she was dressed like a princess . 
 or he did n't remember her -- that was most likely the case . 
 rema wished she could run to the stables and find comfort in snow . 
 `` go ahead , darmik , '' lennek encouraged , nudging rema forward . 
 `` dance with her . 
 she 'll be your sister-in-law soon . '' 
 several expressions flickered across darmik 's face . 
 a strange mixture of fury and regret . 
 rema tried to decipher his mood , but his face was blank again . 
 darmik did n't respond to lennek ; instead , he shook his head ever so slightly and moved toward the dance floor . 
 lennek steered rema after him , giving her a little push . 
 darmik spun around , his eyes narrowing . 
 he almost seemed mad , and rema wondered if she had done something wrong . 
 darmik studied rema 's face a minute before gingerly putting one hand on her waist , the other on her shoulder , and gliding her around the dance floor . 
 his hands were warm even though he barely touched her . 
 it was comforting to be near this man , and strangely peaceful -- like a warm fire on a brisk winter morning . 
 they danced in silence . 
 `` so , does no one in your family talk ? '' 
 rema finally asked , confused that he had n't spoken a single word to her . 
 she longed to hear his voice and one kind , sincere word . 
 darmik seemed startled by what she had said . 
 good , that at least was some reaction . 
 `` your father , '' rema clarified , `` he did n't talk to me either . 
 i assumed he thought i was too beneath him . '' 
 she waited for him to say something , anything . 
 darmik closed his eyes and took a deep breath before opening them back up . 
 `` rema . 
 from jarko ? '' 
 `` unfortunately , '' she bitterly replied . 
 darmik did n't respond . 
 rema assumed he did n't want anything to do with her either , so she gave up and danced in silence . 
 when this dance was over , she 'd claim an illness and go to bed . 
 after dancing another minute , darmik leaned in and asked , `` can you please tell me how you became my brother 's fiancée ? 
 i thought you were already engaged to another man . 
 explain . '' 
 his voice was soft and close to her ear . 
 it sent a shiver throughout her entire body . 
 the nearness of him brought the familiar smell of horse . 
 `` i have no idea . 
 i was hoping you could explain it to me . '' 
 rema stared into his eyes . 
 they were warm and gentle , pulling her in -- the opposite of lennek 's . 
 `` a conversation for another time , perhaps ? '' 
 darmik replied , his eyes roaming around the room . 
 rema nodded in understanding . 
 `` i have n't been into the city yet , '' she said . 
 perhaps darmik could escort her . 
 it would give them the perfect opportunity to talk . 
 darmik twirled rema around and pulled her back toward his body . 
 they were only inches apart . 
 she had the sudden urge to put her head on his chest and breathe in his familiar scent . 
 `` prince lennek has ordered the castle guards to accompany you at all times . '' 
 rema could n't help but laugh . 
 `` so i need an escort ? '' 
 `` an armed escort , '' he clarified . 
 lennek was dancing with another girl not too far away . 
 his hands moved freely over her back as he whispered in her ear . 
 the girl laughed ; her face a rosy pink . 
 `` one of lennek 's many flings , '' darmik said , following rema 's line of sight . 
 he stared at rema , trying to gauge her reaction . 
 she was n't sure what her face revealed , but darmik chuckled . 
 `` do n't look so relieved , '' he said , still laughing . 
 she liked the sound of his laugh . 
 it was a real laugh , one from humor , unlike lennek 's . 
 rema inspected the other dancers . 
 `` why am i the only one in red ? '' 
 she asked , wanting to shift to a generic topic , one that would n't get them into trouble . 
 darmik stopped laughing . 
 for an instant , he looked like lennek . 
 `` because , '' he said , `` my brother knows it 's my favorite color . 
 none of the court ladies are supposed to wear red unless i 've asked them to . '' 
 there was a harshness to his voice that frightened her . 
 `` then why -- ? '' 
 rema started to ask . 
 before she could finish her question , the music ended and lennek was at her side . 
 his hands slid around her waist , holding her tight . 
 `` this way , my love . '' 
 lennek twirled her away . 
 `` perfect , '' he said smugly . 
 `` absolutely perfect . '' 
 he glanced back at darmik and gave a little wave . 
 darmik darmik wanted to punch that smug expression right off his brother 's face . 
 if darmik did n't get far enough away from lennek , he would . 
 there were enough warning signs that lennek was up to something . 
 however , it never occurred to darmik that it could 've had anything to do with rema . 
 had n't lennek already proved he had the upper hand ? 
 was n't what happened last time enough ? 
 storming out of the grand hall , darmik waved his guards away . 
 he did n't want to be around anyone right now . 
 but in corridor after corridor , he encountered servants or courtiers who had already left the party . 
 he needed to get out of this place . 
 grabbing a torch from the wall , darmik slipped behind a closed door . 
 he descended a set of stairs and traveled along the musty tunnel leading to the military compound . 
 when he reached the wooden ladder , he climbed up , and entered a small room . 
 darmik extinguished the torch and exited , heading directly to the training yard . 
 a dozen men were about . 
 darmik needed to fight somebody . 
 he announced a challenge that was open to anyone , but only hand-to-hand combat -- he did n't want to accidentally kill any of his soldiers . 
 two men raised their hands . 
 one was darmik 's size , the other at least six inches taller with fifty pounds more muscle framing his body . 
 darmik pointed at the bigger soldier , and a circle formed around them . 
 everyone cheered . 
 sliding his dominant foot back , darmik turned his body sideways , and raised his hands , ready . 
 his opponent crouched low and extended out his arms , trying to draw darmik toward him . 
 darmik moved in fast and low , punching the soldier in his ribs . 
 the man answered back by wrapping his arm around darmik 's neck . 
 all thoughts of rema faded away as darmik focused solely on his opponent and winning . 
 **** `` am i late ? '' 
 darmik asked , entering the castle 's private dining room . 
 `` no , your highness . 
 prince lennek and king barjon are having their breakfast out on the terrace . '' 
 the servant bowed and moved to the door . 
 `` do n't open it , '' darmik ordered . 
 on the other side of the glass , his father and brother were talking with their heads close together . 
 then lennek leaned back in his chair and smiled . 
 the king nodded , seeming pleased with whatever it was they were discussing . 
 it made sense that lennek would be happy . 
 he had a lot to be happy about . 
 he was going to marry rema , keep a few mistresses close by , and eventually be king . 
 lennek was getting everything he ever wanted . 
 of course he was . 
 he always did . 
 shoving the door open , darmik walked out onto the terrace . 
 he slid onto the chair across from lennek , wanting the opportunity to scrutinize his brother 's behavior . 
 `` good morning , '' darmik said . 
 neither the king nor lennek acknowledged him . 
 lennek spooned a forkful of eggs in his mouth . 
 `` beautiful day out , '' darmik said . 
 `` umhum . '' 
 lennek smiled , his eyes sparkling . 
 that was all the evidence darmik needed . 
 his hands clutched into fists . 
 `` i 'm finished eating , '' the king announced . 
 `` lennek , i 'll see you in my office later today . '' 
 `` yes , father . 
 i 'll come as soon as i 'm back from ... well , '' lennek glanced at darmik , `` i 'll be there this afternoon . '' 
 the king shook his head and left . 
 now that it was just the two of them , lennek 's shoulders relaxed . 
 he smiled arrogantly at darmik . 
 it was time to level with him . 
 `` that was a nice stunt you pulled last night , '' darmik said . 
 `` glad you enjoyed it , '' lennek responded , interlocking his hands behind his head while leaning back in the chair . 
 darmik wanted to pound on him until he saw blood . 
 his right foot was close enough to hook it around lennek 's chair and pull , causing it to crash backwards . 
 how he would love to see his brother fall . 
 `` why rema ? '' 
 darmik asked , trying to keep all emotion from his voice . 
 he was sure lennek wanted him to lose his composure . 
 `` i have to marry . '' 
 the front of lennek 's chair came down with a bang . 
 he leaned forward with his elbows on the table . 
 `` father wants it to be someone from the lower class . 
 i saw rema . 
 her appearance pleased me . 
 she fits all the requirements . '' 
 so this was about the two of them -- lennek against darmik , again . 
 he felt sorry for rema . 
 if only he had n't seen her that day at the governor 's stables , then lennek would n't have singled her out . 
 `` did you even give rema a choice in the matter ? '' 
 darmik asked , paying particular attention to lennek 's body movements . 
 lennek gazed out in the distance , chuckling softly to himself . 
 `` i knew you had a thing for her , '' he said . 
 `` and still do . '' 
 his eyes sliced back to darmik . 
 `` does it bother you to know that she chose me over you ? '' 
 it took an enormous amount of willpower to keep his face calm and not reveal the anger brewing inside . 
 darmik wanted to ask why rema was locked in a guarded room if she freely chose lennek . 
 what he said instead was , `` it does n't bother me at all . 
 you deserve happiness . 
 congratulations . '' 
 lennek raised his eyebrows . 
 he was no idiot . 
 `` i have work to do . '' 
 darmik pushed away from the table and left the terrace . 
 there had to be something he could focus on in order to distract himself from thoughts about hurting his brother . 
 he was n't used to spending this much time around lennek . 
 or being confined . 
 the tattoos -- darmik still needed to verify the tattoo issue . 
 since he was stuck here until the wedding , his research was limited to the castle . 
 the most obvious place to start was the library . 
 the king 's library was large , but nowhere near as extravagant as some of the libraries in emperion . 
 but his father did n't value knowledge like the emperor did . 
 upon entering , darmik scanned the tall room . 
 no one was about . 
 he closed the door and shoved one of the chairs against it . 
 every wall was lined floor to ceiling with books . 
 in the center of the library were two settees and a few cushioned chairs for reading . 
 he folded the area rug between the settees in half . 
 dropping to his knees , he felt along the wood floor until one of the planks shifted . 
 darmik slid his dagger from his boot and lifted up the plank . 
 he remembered the first time his father had showed him and lennek this secret room . 
 lennek could have cared less , whereas darmik wished the room was available for everyone to use . 
 but the king had insisted that this room was for the royal family only , and no one was to know of its existence . 
 the planks came out easily , revealing a door . 
 darmik unlocked and opened it up . 
 grabbing one of the oil lamps , he descended the ladder into the archive room . 
 it was a small , musty room lined with books and records . 
 most of the material contained histories of greenwood island or life stories of prominent individuals . 
 since the island 's schools only taught history beginning with the reign of king barjon , all books that dealt with the time before the king were either destroyed or here in this room . 
 for the next couple of hours , darmik combed through every single book on one of the four walls . 
 not a single one in this section dealt with the tattoo issue . 
 his eyes were sore from the dim lighting and all the reading . 
 he needed a break . 
 **** the guard unlocked the door and pushed it open . 
 darmik entered and found rema standing in the light of the window , her forehead against the glass . 
 he cleared his throat . 
 she jumped , spinning around to face him . 
 bloody hell she was beautiful . 
 `` want to get out of here ? '' 
 he asked . 
 darmik knew he should n't be here . 
 it would be best if rema declined his offer , but he foolishly hoped she would agree to go with him . 
 since lennek was gone for the day , it gave them the perfect opportunity to talk . 
 he wanted to warn her about his brother , but more than that was his desire to be near her , to get to know her . 
 darmik had to remind himself to keep his face void of expression because he could n't afford for anyone to know how he really felt about her . 
 the corners of rema 's mouth turned up . 
 `` i could use a little fresh air . '' 
 although he was thrilled , darmik tried to act casual as he ordered the two posted guards to accompany them . 
 he did n't want to create any unnecessary suspicion . 
 they left her room and went to the castle 's side courtyard , where his private guard was mounted and waiting . 
 darmik had told everyone that the king wanted him to make nice with lennek 's future wife . 
 he led her to where neco stood , holding the reins to two horses . 
 `` here , '' darmik started to say but rema had stopped a few feet behind him . 
 she stared at the white mare neco held for her . 
 it was one of darmik 's , though he rarely rode it . 
 the mare was n't a warhorse , but it was spirited . 
 `` is something the matter ? '' 
 darmik asked . 
 rema 's eyes were glossy , her eyebrows bent inward . 
 was she going to cry ? 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 rema walked over to the white mare and held up her hand for it to smell . 
 then she stroked its muzzled and spoke softly . 
 the horse sniffed rema 's hair and nudged her shoulder . 
 `` what 's her name ? '' 
 rema asked as she mounted . 
 `` treasure . '' 
 rema smiled . 
 `` she 's beautiful . '' 
 that was one of the reasons darmik had chosen treasure for her to ride . 
 darmik rode the black stallion he had bought from rema 's uncle while in jarko . 
 the horse was exceptionally bright , loyal , and best of all -- fast . 
 once mounted , darmik raised his hand , giving the signal to move out . 
 they left the courtyard and trotted through the grounds surrounding the castle until they came to the exit . 
 rema gazed out at the city . 
 darmik wished he could take her into it , but parading around with such a large entourage was n't a good idea . 
 darmik decided they would stick to the land outside the city wall instead . 
 not wanting to ride down the main street to the exit , darmik led the party toward the military compound . 
 on the outskirts , next to the compound 's perimeter , a small , wooden structure stood guarded by two soldiers . 
 `` we 'll be traveling through , '' darmik said to the men . 
 `` expect us back later today . 
 no one else besides this group is granted access . '' 
 `` yes , commander , '' the soldiers answered . 
 they opened the door to the small shack . 
 `` torches , please , '' darmik instructed . 
 the soldiers reached down inside the building and pulled out several torches . 
 they lit and distributed them throughout the guard . 
 `` stay close by , '' he instructed rema . 
 she nodded and guided her horse closer to him . 
 `` where exactly are we riding ? '' 
 she asked , looking confused . 
 unable to suppress a smirk , darmik simply answered , `` you 'll see . '' 
 he rode his horse into the dark shack , the torch providing enough light to reveal the downward slope into a secret tunnel . 
 rema followed , now appearing fascinated . 
 they traveled down through the narrow passageway , which leveled out after twenty-five feet . 
 the tunnel was rarely used because of its small size , and hardly anyone knew of its existence . 
 when they exited , they were outside of king 's city . 
 sunshine and open land greeted them . 
 the soldiers formed a loose circle around darmik and rema . 
 `` now where are we going ? '' 
 rema asked . 
 `` there , '' darmik pointed straight ahead . 
 `` greenwood forest . '' 
 she stared at him . 
 perhaps she was too afraid to travel into the trees . 
 `` looks to be about three miles away , '' rema commented . 
 `` roughly . '' 
 maybe they could just skirt the perimeter instead . 
 `` and do you expect to travel at this speed for the entire trip ? '' 
 a slow smile spread across her face as her eyebrows rose . 
 he was about to say something when she leaned forward , grabbing onto the horse 's mane . 
 `` race you ! '' 
 the heels of her boots nudged the mare , and treasure took off into a gallop . 
 the riders in front of rema moved aside as she flew past them . 
 the soldiers looked to darmik for orders . 
 protocol dictated they remain with him . 
 laughing , darmik urged his horse into a canter . 
 the stallion obeyed , eager for the chance to run . 
 rema glanced back , a huge smile plastered across her face . 
 darmik was gaining on her . 
 rema got even lower on treasure and managed to pick up a bit of speed , but it was no match for the stallion . 
 darmik was quickly on her tail , his guard left behind . 
 the wind from the horse 's speed tossed rema 's golden hair back , and he thought he heard her laughing . 
 nearing the forest side by side , they slowed down , allowing the rest of their riding party to catch up . 
 `` you 're an excellent rider , '' darmik commented . 
 `` so are you , '' rema said . 
 `` no one has ever come close to beating me in a race . '' 
 the path narrowed , forcing them to ride in single-file formation . 
 they followed the dirt trail as it wound between the towering trees . 
 when their party came to a small clearing , darmik gave the signal for everyone to dismount and stop for a rest . 
 after securing the horses , darmik saw rema sitting alone on a large rock , looking content . 
 her cheeks were rosy and her hair a wild mess . 
 neco approached . 
 `` care to tell me what 's going on ? '' 
 he blatantly looked from darmik to rema and back again . 
 perhaps it would be best to take rema on a walk . 
 his personal guard was loyal , but he did n't want to put them in an awkward position by speaking intimately with rema in front of them . 
 neco cleared his throat , still waiting for an answer . 
 darmik tore his eyes away from her . 
 `` no , '' he responded . 
 `` keep everyone here . 
 i need to speak with rema . 
 alone . '' 
 he hurried away before neco could ask any more questions . 
 rema glanced up when darmik neared . 
 `` thanks for getting me out of the castle . 
 this is just what i needed . '' 
 darmik stood staring at her . 
 if he took rema away from the group , he was crossing a line -- one where there was no turning back . 
 he knew he should leave her alone . 
 he should return her to the castle and put all thoughts of her out of his head . 
 `` i did n't think i 'd see nightsky again , '' rema said , pointing to darmik 's horse . 
 her eyes were full of love . 
 darmik remembered the time he saw her with the stallion . 
 she had handled the wild animal exceptionally well , not showing any fear and gaining the stallion 's trust . 
 `` i named him , '' she said . 
 he squatted next to her . 
 rema 's eyes were blue like the ocean and there was a stormy force to them . 
 she glanced away , her cheeks red . 
 darmik decided to cross the line . 
 `` i 'd like to show you something . '' 
 he held out his hand . 
 she flinched . 
 `` you can trust me , '' darmik said gently . 
 `` i 'm nothing like my brother . '' 
 lennek better not have hurt her -- if he laid a finger on rema , darmik would kill him . 
 rema nodded , taking his outstretched hand . 
 darmik pulled her up , and then released her . 
 he felt every soldier staring at him . 
 he knew his men would keep their mouths shut ; the only ones he 'd have to worry about were the two castle guards . 
 but there were always ways to make sure they did n't talk . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 rema asked , glancing behind her toward the rest of their riding party . 
 `` just over this rise . '' 
 darmik left the path , leading the way up the hill . 
 the leafy ground turned to slippery rocks . 
 darmik offered rema his hand , but she refused his help . 
 he remembered finding her alone in the forest , and he realized he knew nothing about her -- yet he wanted to know everything . 
 when they reached the top of the hill , he saw what he was looking for . 
 `` a silent waterfall , '' rema gasped . 
 she stood next to him , amazement clear on her face . 
 on the hill opposite them , water cascaded along tendrils of mossy grass growing from the rocks . 
 it slipped down the soft , green padding until it reached the pool below . 
 there were a million questions darmik wanted to ask , but he had no idea where to begin . 
 he rarely did anything on impulse . 
 looking at rema 's face , her penetrating eyes , he decided not to think . 
 pulling off his boots and socks , darmik threw them on the ground . 
 he unclasped his riding cape and removed his tunic , leaving on his long-sleeved shirt and pants . 
 he ran and jumped , knowing he 'd make it to the water below . 
 the pool was in fact , quite deep . 
 when he and lennek were younger , they used to dare each other to jump . 
 but unlike lennek , who was always taking chances , darmik would n't jump until he checked the pool to make sure it was deep enough . 
 only then , did he follow lennek with a giant leap . 
 hitting the cold water , darmik cringed , welcoming the feeling of losing control and the freedom that came with it . 
 kicking , he swam to the top , broke the surface , and took in a deep breath . 
 a splash hit him in the face . 
 a moment later , rema surfaced , wearing a huge smile . 
 `` now that was fun ! '' 
 swimming over to the edge , darmik pulled himself out . 
 the bank was mostly moss-covered rocks that were slippery and difficult to maneuver on . 
 he turned around to help rema , but she was already hoisting herself onto the shore . 
 she looked like the first time he had seen her -- soaking wet and happy . 
 there was a small patch of sun on a large , dry rock big enough for the two of them to sit next to each other . 
 darmik carefully climbed over and lifted himself up onto it . 
 the rock was warm from the sun 's heat . 
 rema stood at the bottom with her hands on her hips , like she was trying to figure out a way to join him . 
 darmik rolled onto his stomach and lowered his arms . 
 she grabbed onto him , her grip strong . 
 he pulled her to his side and released her . 
 once she was safely on the rock , they stretched out on their backs , basking in the warmth . 
 darmik tried his hardest not to look at her . 
 rema was only wearing her white underdress . 
 it would 've been too difficult to swim wearing all of her clothes . 
 still , he did n't want to be caught staring and offend her in any way . 
 yet , her body was like a magnet , pulling his eyes in her direction . 
 unable to resist any longer , darmik peered at her . 
 rema was smiling with her eyes closed , looking peaceful and content . 
 her white underdress clung to her ribcage and wrapped around her legs . 
 her chest rose and fell with each breath she took . 
 goose bumps covered her arms . 
 her hair lay above her head like a halo . 
 something shiny caught in the light . 
 a delicate gold chain hung around rema 's neck . 
 strung on the chain , lying on the rock near her ear , was a gold skeleton key . 
 embedded in the bow was a heart-shaped ruby diamond . 
 the jewelry was befitting of a queen or princess . 
 rubies were not only extremely rare , but they cost a fortune . 
 did lennek give her the necklace ? 
 darmik glanced to the top of the cliff from which they had jumped . 
 no one was about . 
 he hoped to conceal the entire outing , but it was vital lennek never learn darmik spent this time alone with rema on this rock , unsupervised . 
 it was illegal , and his brother would punish him with the full force of the law . 
 there was a soft rustle as rema 's head turned toward him . 
 `` how did you end up here ? 
 engaged to my brother ? '' 
 he forced his eyes to remain on hers -- away from her body . 
 it was easier to pretend she was fully clothed , dry , and certainly not a mere six inches away from him , their hands lying side by side , almost touching . 
 `` i was hoping you knew the answer to that one , '' she whispered , droplets of water glistening on her eyelashes . 
 his suspicions were confirmed -- she did n't choose lennek . 
 that meant she did n't love him . 
 but why was she wearing his necklace ? 
 `` my brother and i are n't close like that . 
 he does n't share his plans or his feelings with me , '' darmik said . 
 `` he has feelings ? 
 really ? '' 
 she laughed and looked away . 
 most women were blinded by lennek 's charm and position as prince . 
 but rema seemed to know the real lennek . 
 a selfish and cruel man . 
 had lennek hurt her ? 
 she flinched earlier when darmik had offered her his hand . 
 usually women only acted like that if they have been hit or beaten by a man . 
 his fingers curled into a fist . 
 she knew who lennek truly was because he had revealed his true nature to her . 
 what game was his brother playing ? 
 what kind of horrors had rema seen ? 
 darmik said , `` why do n't you tell me what 's happened since i last saw you in jarko . '' 
 rema gave a brief overview of everything -- how she had received the royal summons , met prince lennek at the governor 's home for dinner , the proposal , her escape , bren 's death , prince lennek threatening her aunt and uncle , the acceptance of his proposal to keep her family safe , the journey here , and being locked in the castle . 
 she stared up at the sky , speaking without emotion -- no anger or hurt or anything . 
 most women would 've been hysterical . 
 `` have you ... come to terms ... with being engaged to prince lennek ? '' 
 tears filled her eyes . 
 `` prince lennek is a monster . 
 i hate him . '' 
 he did n't know what to say . 
 she stared at him , waiting . 
 `` are you well ? '' 
 he knew it was a stupid question , yet he needed to say something . 
 `` no , i 'm far from it . '' 
 she looked back up at the sky . 
 darmik had the urge to wipe the tears from her cheeks , but he kept his hands to himself . 
 `` it 's all my fault , '' she whispered . 
 `` nothing is your fault , '' darmik said , thinking about what had happened in the past between him and lennek . 
 he had blamed himself then . 
 he should have known , should have learned , so it would n't have happened again . 
 if anyone was at fault , it was darmik . 
 if he had n't shown interest in rema , lennek never would 've seen her . 
 `` you did what you had to do to save your aunt and uncle . '' 
 `` you do n't understand . 
 bren 's dead because of me . '' 
 the memories of the past threatened to overwhelm him . 
 `` no , '' darmik said , punching the rock . 
 `` bren is dead because of my brother . 
 not because of you . '' 
 rema tilted her head toward him again . 
 `` but i feel so guilty . 
 i did n't want to marry bren , '' she admitted . 
 `` i wanted to travel around the kingdom and experience life outside of jarko . '' 
 rema covered her face with her hands . 
 `` i got what i wanted , and now i 'm paying the price . '' 
 `` you ca n't torture yourself . 
 you had no idea any of this would happen . '' 
 darmik sat up and gently took her hands , pulling them away from her red , swollen eyes . 
 `` listen to me ; it 's not your fault . '' 
 slipping her hands out of his , she said , `` i 'm sorry . 
 i should n't be confiding in you like this . 
 prince lennek is your brother . '' 
 rema sat up , the necklace slipping down her chest . 
 he should scoot away from her as protocol demanded -- but he could n't . 
 he wanted to be near her . 
 he wanted to touch her soft skin . 
 their faces were only inches apart . 
 `` please tell me one thing , '' darmik said . 
 `` has lennek physically hurt you in any way ? '' 
 he tightened his jaw , forcing himself to keep his body calm , his face neutral . 
 if lennek hurt her at all , he would kill him . 
 `` no , '' she answered . 
 darmik 's shoulders slumped forward . 
 `` but i have no intention of marrying him , '' she defiantly said . 
 `` i 'll find a way out of this . 
 i swear i will . '' 
 darmik did n't expect her to go down without a fight . 
 it was one of the things he admired about her . 
 little droplets of water trickled down rema 's face from her hair . 
 darmik wanted to take her pain away . 
 to kiss her soft , red lips . 
 rema looked down to her hands , clasped in her lap . 
 `` can you help me ? '' 
 she asked . 
 yes , darmik thought , i will help you . 
 although he could n't tell her , and lennek could never find out , he vowed to keep her safe . 
 there had to be a way to beat lennek at his own game . 
 then darmik remembered the deal he had made with his father -- he agreed to publically support lennek 's marriage . 
 well , he could still give the appearance of supporting the marriage , all the while helping rema . 
 it would be a tricky balancing act , but one he was well equipped to handle . 
 movement caught darmik 's attention , and he looked up . 
 neco stood at the top of the hill , signaling for them to rejoin the group . 
 it must be later than darmik realized . 
 they needed to be back inside the castle before lennek returned . 
 rema the guards escorted rema through corridor after corridor on their way to the dining hall . 
 prince lennek had sent word for her to attend breakfast with him and the king . 
 as a result , rema 's appetite was gone , and she just wanted the entire ordeal to be over with . 
 rema was led through a large foyer , and then down another hallway . 
 when they rounded the corner , a familiar laugh filled the air and rema glanced around her guard . 
 halfway down the corridor , prince lennek stood kissing someone , his hands roaming over her back . 
 rema froze , unsure of what to do . 
 should she continue ? 
 or turn around , pretending like she had n't seen lennek ? 
 her guards slowed and cleared their throats , alerting the prince to their presence . 
 lennek peered over the girl 's head . 
 a smile spread across his face as he roughly shoved the girl away from him . 
 `` rema , darling , '' lennek said , coming toward her . 
 the girl lifted her face -- it was cassie . 
 cassie 's lips were swollen from kissing the prince , and her dress was rumpled . 
 holding her head high , rema continued walking toward lennek and cassie . 
 `` my lady , '' cassie curtseyed . 
 `` cassie , '' rema nodded . 
 `` i hope you know what you 're doing . '' 
 she stepped around lennek and cassie , and continued , the guards scrambling to keep up . 
 `` you 're ignoring me ? '' 
 prince lennek laughed , following rema and leaving cassie behind . 
 `` i 'm just keeping busy until the wedding , darling . 
 no reason to be upset . 
 if you do n't want me kissing other women , then perhaps you should fill the void . '' 
 rema did n't want to touch his foul lips . 
 the thought revolted her and renewed her need to escape this heartless man . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're getting your needs taken care of from someone else , '' rema said . 
 `` i want nothing to do with you . '' 
 his cheek twitched and anger flashed in his eyes , but he quickly regained control and smoothed his facial features . 
 his hand rested on rema 's lower back , making her jump . 
 `` do n't touch me . '' 
 `` i 'll do whatever i damn well please . '' 
 lennek raised his hand as if to grab her arm . 
 the guards opened the doors to the dining hall , neither one looking her way . 
 rema hurried inside , trying to put space between her and lennek . 
 unfortunately , no one was seated at the table yet . 
 she spun back around to face the prince . 
 lennek stood with his arms crossed . 
 `` you need to start behaving yourself . 
 lord jamison , lady lucinda , and their daughter trianna will be joining us for breakfast . 
 i expect you to be on your best behavior . 
 understand ? '' 
 rema nodded . 
 `` good . 
 i 'm leaving with them shortly hereafter for a hunting trip on their land . '' 
 if he was trying to make rema jealous , it was n't working . 
 rema was ecstatic . 
 if lennek was going to be gone for a few days , then she 'd be seeing more of darmik . 
 she tried to suppress her joy at the news . 
 king barjon entered , wearing a blue tunic that revealed the tattoos covering his neck and the top of his shoulders . 
 his marks reminded rema of a briar patch -- thorny-vined plants strangling one another in order to dominate . 
 although the king was n't wearing his cape , he still exuded power and confidence . 
 following him was a middle-aged couple . 
 based on their extravagant clothing and jewelry , rema knew they were wealthy and had to be the couple lennek spoke of . 
 behind them was a delicate girl with flawless skin and black hair . 
 she looked to be about sixteen and wore an elegant , green dress . 
 this beautiful girl had to be trianna . 
 when lord jamison , lady lucinda , and trianna entered the room , they bowed to the king and prince . 
 no one acknowledged or even looked rema 's way as everyone sat down . 
 rema quietly took her seat next to lennek . 
 one place setting remained empty . 
 perhaps darmik was coming . 
 the possibility filled rema with hope . 
 she could make it through this breakfast if afforded the opportunity to see him . 
 `` what is she doing here ? '' 
 the king asked lennek , pointing to rema . 
 `` i thought i was clear , i do n't want to be around her until i have to -- after the marriage ceremony . 
 until then , keep her away . '' 
 `` father , be nice . 
 i thought it wise to expose her to a little culture . 
 besides , i 'm leaving today and i wanted to see her before i left . '' 
 the king stared at rema . 
 his top lip curled like he smelled rotten food . 
 `` i want her here , '' lennek added . 
 lord jamison smirked , while lady lucinda avoided eye contact with rema . 
 however , trianna was staring directly at rema , studying her . 
 `` so be it . '' 
 the king lifted his hand and servants entered , carrying plates of food . 
 lord jamison said , `` we 're so happy that you 're joining us , prince lennek . '' 
 `` yes , '' his wife added . 
 `` trianna is equally pleased . '' 
 `` king barjon , '' lord jamison said , `` now that trianna is of age , we are seeking an appropriate suitor . 
 if you have any suggestions , we will gladly accept them . '' 
 trianna 's face turned rosy red . 
 rema quietly ate her food , wishing she could suggest that prince lennek marry trianna . 
 now that match made sense . 
 `` i will think on it , '' the king responded . 
 `` sometimes the correct choice is n't the most logical one . 
 i advised lennek to marry from the lower class in order to restore unity to the kingdom . '' 
 `` yes , '' lady lucinda responded . 
 she turned her full attention to rema . 
 `` i understand you are a horse merchant 's niece , and that you were raised on a horse farm . 
 what a terrible upbringing that must have been . '' 
 `` i miss my family and home , '' rema replied . 
 `` my childhood was filled with love . 
 i knew nothing of politics , selfishness , or greed until i came here . '' 
 the doors flew open , and prince darmik was announced . 
 he was sweaty and wore a loose-fitting shirt and trousers , making him even more handsome and rugged . 
 `` sorry i 'm late , '' he said as he took his seat . 
 `` i was running a training exercise over at the compound . '' 
 darmik did not glance her way . 
 `` prince darmik , '' trianna spoke with a soft , kind voice . 
 `` i trust you are doing well ? '' 
 `` yes , thank you . '' 
 lord jamison cleared his throat . 
 `` king barjon , why not have prince darmik marry the commoner for the reasons you stated , and have prince lennek marry one of our own people ? 
 it seems rather barbaric to force prince lennek to marry so low . 
 but the commander , now that makes more sense . '' 
 rema 's face flushed at the thought of her and darmik . 
 `` i have my reasons , '' the king said . 
 `` now do n't worry , your daughter will marry , and she will marry well . '' 
 `` prince lennek , '' lady lucinda spoke , `` our carriage is packed and the horses are ready . 
 when you are prepared to leave , trianna will accompany you . 
 we are so very pleased to be spending this time alone with you . '' 
 `` it will be an interesting trip , i 'm sure , '' lennek said . 
 he looked to trianna and smiled . 
 trianna batted her eyes at him . 
 `` yes , '' lord jamison said . 
 `` we will be dining with the governor and local nobles . 
 i will ensure a peaceful and relaxing visit . 
 my daughter will tend to your every need . '' 
 lennek chuckled . 
 `` i 'm sure i will enjoy my visit immensely . '' 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 rema exclaimed , unable to stop herself . 
 her face reddened in anger . 
 everyone turned their attention to her . 
 `` perhaps instead of vacationing , you should focus on your kingdom and the people starving in it . 
 act like a prince for once . '' 
 she slammed her fork down . 
 people were starving in the kingdom and all lennek cared for was his own personal satisfaction . 
 it was disgusting . 
 the room was deadly silent , everyone staring at rema . 
 she had n't meant to speak her thoughts aloud . 
 `` tell me , '' the king demanded , `` if your uncle uses a whip to train his horses . '' 
 darmik 's hand tightened around his fork , the tendons in his arm protruding . 
 `` no , '' rema answered . 
 `` whips are barbaric . '' 
 she knew she was in trouble . 
 the king never addressed her directly . 
 `` father , '' prince lennek interjected , `` you ca n't whip rema . 
 i do n't want her scarred . '' 
 `` no , her punishment for her foul mouth is this , '' the king turned to face rema , `` you will witness a horse whipped to death . 
 and the next time your mouth acts up , know it will be you who meets that fate . '' 
 rema 's stomach violently twisted , and there was a dull ringing in her ears . 
 did she hear the king correctly ? 
 he was going to whip a horse to death in front of her ? 
 lady lucinda pushed away from the table , smiling . 
 `` clearly we 're done here . 
 if you 'll excuse me , i want to make sure the servants have everything in order . '' 
 darmik also stood , his plate still filled with food . 
 he looked at his father , and then left without a word . 
 everyone else exited , but rema remained alone in the dining hall , unsure of what to do . 
 her body was shaking from anger , and her eyes filled with tears . 
 she hated it there and wanted to go home . 
 home -- where she was loved , accepted , and wanted . 
 her guards entered . 
 one gently said , `` we 're to escort you outside . '' 
 **** they came around the side of the royal stables . 
 a lone , gray horse stood tethered to a post , his legs chained to the ground . 
 four men surrounded the animal , each holding a whip . 
 they exchanged glances with one another , unsure of what to do . 
 rema froze . 
 she could n't watch this . 
 her two escorts did n't push her any farther into the pasture . 
 they both looked sick with the prospect of watching an animal beaten to death . 
 `` please , '' she begged , `` do n't kill it . '' 
 the king approached . 
 `` what are you waiting for ? 
 get rema in there and get started . '' 
 the guards took hold of her arms and went into the pasture . 
 `` i do n't have all day . '' 
 the king 's robe floated in the soft breeze . 
 the sun shone overhead , warming rema 's face . 
 rema wanted to beg the king not to harm the animal , but she was afraid speaking out of turn would only enhance the barbaric punishment . 
 the four men drew their whips up , and one at a time , the leather straps sliced down , ripping into the horse . 
 the beautiful animal screamed . 
 tears fell down her cheeks as her legs buckled and she fell to the ground , vomiting . 
 blood splattered on the ground in front of her . 
 the soldiers pulled rema to a standing position , forcing her to watch . 
 she squeezed her eyes shut , refusing to witness the gruesome murder . 
 she covered her ears with her hands , trying to block out the noise . 
 but she could n't block the sound . 
 the screams . 
 the thump when the animal fell to the ground . 
 the feeling of wet blood hitting her in the face . 
 **** as they silently headed back through the corridors , rema 's body was still shaking , her skin damp and clammy . 
 bloody spots littered her dress . 
 darmik stepped from a darkened doorway . 
 he put a coin in each of the guard 's hands . 
 `` are you well ? '' 
 he gently asked . 
 rema shook her head , no voice to respond . 
 images fresh in her mind bombarded her . 
 darmik carefully took her elbow and turned down a different hallway , the guards trailing behind them . 
 `` i just want to be left alone , '' she whispered . 
 he pulled her to an arched doorway . 
 `` wait here , '' he instructed the guards , handing each of them another gold coin . 
 darmik opened the door and led rema inside . 
 it certainly was n't what she expected . 
 the large room had glass walls and a glass ceiling . 
 the entire place was filled with rose bushes of various colors . 
 the air was warm and sweet . 
 darmik walked to the center of the room where the rose bushes were as tall as his head , shielding him from anyone passing by outside . 
 rema followed . 
 when she caught up to him , he was sitting on the ground , hands clasped in his lap . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , '' he murmured . 
 `` it 's not your fault , '' rema responded , sitting on the ground next to him . 
 `` i ca n't even imagine -- '' `` no , '' rema interrupted him . 
 `` i do n't want to talk about it . 
 i do n't even want to think about it . 
 distract me , please . '' 
 darmik fidgeted with the edge of his tunic . 
 `` when i was a child , i used to come here to hide . '' 
 it was a place one could easily get lost in . 
 her hands caressed the dirt . 
 `` i used to hide in our barn , with my horse . '' 
 darmik laughed . 
 `` why does that not surprise me ? '' 
 his body shifted , closer to hers . 
 `` i have something for you . '' 
 he pulled out a small book from his pocket and handed it to her . 
 the black leather was soft . 
 as she peeled back the cover , it cracked in her hands , reminding her of home and her lessons with aunt maya . 
 it was a book rema did n't recognize . 
 `` it 's about a young boy who travels to faraway lands . 
 he discovers things beyond his wildest imagination . 
 i thought you could use something to read since you 're always alone in your room . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 rema felt safe next to darmik . 
 this man , who looked so similar to his brother , yet , was nothing like him . 
 he was kind , generous , and thoughtful . 
 if only it was darmik who wanted to marry her instead of lennek . 
 after flipping through the book , rema glanced at darmik . 
 the way he sat afforded her the opportunity to examine his tattoo better . 
 the lines came up from under his loose shirt and formed points , like dancing flames . 
 `` your marks are beautiful , '' rema said , reaching out to touch them . 
 `` may i ? '' 
 darmik nodded , and rema traced along the edges of the black flames . 
 her fingers tingled from the contact . 
 darmik 's skin was moist with sweat , and he shivered . 
 `` did you receive these marks as an infant ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` i did . 
 my father chose the design . '' 
 his voice was hoarse . 
 his hand wrapped around hers , pulling her closer . 
 darmik 's head leaned slightly forward , and rema imitated him . 
 her lips craved his warm touch . 
 she closed her eyes , holding her breath in anticipation . 
 `` commander , '' someone spoke from the room 's entrance . 
 `` are you in here ? '' 
 rema jumped . 
 `` dont fret , '' darmik said , `` there 's nothing to worry about . '' 
 he stood up . 
 `` what is it , neco ? '' 
 `` i 've been searching for you for over an hour . 
 there 's an issue . 
 your presence is needed immediately . '' 
 darmik squatted next to rema , his eyes penetrating into hers . 
 `` i 'll come find you tomorrow . 
 the guards will escort you back to your room . '' 
 rema nodded , unable to utter a single word . 
 her body felt like it was on fire . 
 **** ellie came shortly after hearing news of rema 's punishment . 
 she had been talking non-stop since she arrived , trying to keep rema 's mind distracted . 
 it was working , and rema was grateful for her kindness . 
 rema was sitting on the settee , holding her necklace . 
 `` ok and am have to stand for something , '' she said . 
 `` my aunt 's name is maya . 
 maybe am stands for aunt maya . '' 
 ellie sat down next to rema , looking at the key . 
 rema continued , `` and maybe ok is supposed to be uk ? 
 then it could stand for uncle kar . '' 
 ellie leaned over and studied the inscription . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 everything is clear . 
 it does n't look worn , so i 'd say it 's supposed to be ok . '' 
 `` then the significant word here has to be back , '' rema said . 
 she remembered having a birthmark on her back , but that could n't possibly mean anything . 
 `` not just back , '' ellie said , `` but look back . '' 
 `` ok and am , '' rema thought out loud , `` look back . '' 
 suddenly , she had an idea . 
 `` maybe i 'm supposed to look at the clues backwards , you know , look back . '' 
 `` so instead of ok and am , it should be ma and ko ? '' 
 ellie asked . 
 `` exactly . 
 do these letters mean anything to you ? '' 
 `` no , '' ellie responded , tapping a finger on her head . 
 `` but let me think . 
 i have heard the name mako before . 
 maybe it 's a clue to a person named mako ? '' 
 `` hmm , '' rema pondered . 
 she 'd also heard of the name mako , but she could n't remember where or when . 
 `` that makes sense because the next line says trust in him . '' 
 `` so trust in mako ? '' 
 rema nodded . 
 they were finally getting somewhere . 
 now she just had to figure out who this mako was . 
 `` there 's one thing i do n't understand , '' rema said . 
 `` only one ? '' 
 ellie joked . 
 `` why is my name in capital letters too ? '' 
 ellie was about to respond when the door opened , and darmik entered . 
 his eyes passed from rema to ellie and back again , both of them still sitting side by side on the settee . 
 ellie put the necklace around rema 's neck . 
 `` anything else ? '' 
 rema slid the key under her dress . 
 `` no , thank you . '' 
 ellie raised her eyebrows , trying to suppress a smirk . 
 she leaned in and whispered , `` i 'll come back later for the sack . 
 it 's hidden under your bed . '' 
 ellie curtseyed and left . 
 `` good morning , prince darmik , '' rema said . 
 he glanced around the room . 
 `` is there anyone else here ? '' 
 `` no , i 'm alone now . '' 
 since that day in the rose garden , rema and darmik had n't had the opportunity to be alone . 
 anytime she stepped foot out of her room , she was accompanied by her guards . 
 `` excellent . '' 
 darmik opened the door and went back into the hallway . 
 he handed each of her guards a coin , and then pushed a cart covered with cloth into her room . 
 sitting on top was a plate of food . 
 `` thanks , but i already ate , '' rema said . 
 darmik smiled and shut the door . 
 he moved the cloth aside and pulled out a roll of dull , brown fabric . 
 `` your disguise , shirt and skirt . 
 today , we go into the city . 
 alone . '' 
 he gave her one of his grins -- a mixture of mischievousness with a touch of happiness and excitement . 
 rema could n't be sure because he so rarely smiled . 
 she was under the impression that he was always working , serving prince lennek and king barjon . 
 and he never did anything for himself . 
 he had no life of his own . 
 she went into her bedchamber and closed the door . 
 slipping on the disguise , the rough fabric scratched her skin and was uncomfortable , especially after all the silk dresses she had been wearing . 
 yet , rema welcomed the familiarity of the plain clothes . 
 looking into the mirror , her blonde hair stood out like a beacon . 
 there was no way she could go into public without somehow covering it -- she 'd be recognized immediately . 
 searching through one of the ornate greenwood dressers , rema found a gray scarf and wrapped it around her head . 
 checking the mirror again , she looked anonymous . 
 she took a step back , and her foot caught on the brown sack ellie had hidden under the bed . 
 instinctively , rema pushed it back under the bed until she realized that if she was going into the city , she should make the delivery herself . 
 she grabbed the bag , her heart pounding in anticipation . 
 resting her hand on the door 's latch , rema remembered what darmik had said -- they were going to be alone . 
 the last time they were alone , they almost kissed . 
 she closed her eyes , imagining what kissing darmik would feel like , what he would taste like . 
 `` are you almost ready ? '' 
 darmik asked from the sitting room . 
 rema 's face warmed , and she opened the door . 
 darmik stood waiting for her . 
 a slow smile spread across his face . 
 `` your eyes stand out . 
 especially wearing the gray scarf . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 there was nothing she could do about that . 
 suddenly she felt self-conscious . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 he pointed to the sack . 
 not seeing any reason to lie to him , rema answered , `` food . 
 for the people in the city who need it . '' 
 `` are you the one who 's been smuggling food and blankets out of the castle ? '' 
 his face was expressionless , not revealing what he was really thinking . 
 `` does the king know about it ? '' 
 would she get in trouble for taking the food ? 
 would ellie ? 
 rema did n't think she could handle another one of the king 's punishments . 
 `` no , '' darmik said . 
 `` a servant reported that supplies were missing . 
 one of my soldiers investigated and reported it to me . 
 neither prince lennek nor the king know anything about it . '' 
 `` then yes , guilty as charged . '' 
 she did n't want to mention ellie had been doing most of the work and get ellie into trouble if anyone else found out . 
 they 'd have to be more careful . 
 `` clever girl . '' 
 `` are you going to tell your father ? '' 
 rema asked . 
 `` no . '' 
 darmik went into her bedchamber . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 she asked , following him . 
 darmik took her pillows and put them under the covers . 
 then he ruffled the bed a little more . 
 `` it looks like someone is sleeping in there . '' 
 `` exactly . 
 come on . '' 
 darmik went back into her sitting room and pulled the fabric away from the food cart . 
 `` you 're going to sit under here . '' 
 `` on the bottom shelf of the food cart ? '' 
 she was n't sure if she could fit , especially with the sack of bread . 
 `` why the hesitation ? '' 
 he asked , a challenge clear in his eyes . 
 `` afraid you 'll get caught ? '' 
 darmik was an intelligent man , in charge of an entire army . 
 rema was fairly certain he knew what he was doing . 
 `` hardly , '' she replied . 
 as excited as she was to be spending time with darmik , if afforded the opportunity , she would escape . 
 she climbed onto the bottom shelf and put the sack on her lap . 
 `` what 's taking you so long ? 
 are you afraid ? '' 
 `` oh rema , with you , i 'm always afraid . '' 
 he dropped the fabric down , concealing her . 
 `` hold on . '' 
 the cart lurched forward , creaking . 
 she heard the door open , and they entered the hallway . 
 `` commander , '' the two posted guards said in unison . 
 `` the food did n't agree with rema , '' darmik said . 
 `` she 's in bed , asleep . 
 make sure she 's not disturbed . 
 i 'll come back to check on her later . '' 
 rema heard the sound of coins clanking against one another . 
 darmik must be bribing the guards to keep quiet about darmik 's visits . 
 the cart moved forward again . 
 they traveled down corridors , turning several times . 
 people addressed the commander , but no one suspected rema was hidden on the food cart . 
 her legs started to cramp , and her head hurt from hitting the top shelf . 
 after what felt like a long time , darmik finally stopped and told rema they were clear . 
 climbing off the cart , rema stood and stretched . 
 they were in a small , dimly lit room without any windows or furnishings . 
 darmik told her to wait there while he went and changed into his own disguise , leaving out of one of the two doors . 
 when he came back , he wore gray trousers , a long-sleeved white shirt , and a hat low over his dark eyes . 
 he grabbed the sack of food and opened the other door , revealing a black tunnel . 
 they entered , and darmik led the way through a series of twists and turns until they exited , to rema 's surprise , outside the castle walls . 
 rema looked back toward the castle , at least one mile away , amazed . 
 `` the tunnel is for security reasons , in case we have to evacuate , '' darmik said . 
 the sun was high overhead , concealing his face in shadows . 
 `` speaking of which , '' he continued , `` since we 're out of the castle and about to enter a large city with thousands of people , i 'd like ... '' darmik took off his hat , fidgeting with it . 
 then he put it back on , pulling it low . 
 `` i 'd like to be your escort . '' 
 his voice was rougher than usual . 
 rema was n't sure what he meant . 
 was n't he already escorting her ? 
 darmik cleared his throat . 
 `` you should be either my sister ... or ... my wife , so i can keep ahold of your arm . 
 that way we wo n't be separated . 
 i want to keep you safe . '' 
 rema wished she could see his eyes better . 
 `` i 'm not some spoiled princess that never leaves her castle , '' rema laughed . 
 `` i 'm a horse merchant 's niece . 
 i can take care of myself . '' 
 he nodded , like he expected her to say that . 
 `` nevertheless , '' he said , `` i 'd feel better keeping a hand on you . '' 
 darmik grinned . 
 `` unless it would make you uncomfortable . '' 
 the way he said it made rema believe he was challenging her , and she never backed down from a challenge . 
 `` i 'm fine with it . '' 
 she held out her arm for him to take . 
 `` i might as well be your wife . 
 unless that makes you uncomfortable . '' 
 `` not at all . '' 
 darmik entwined his arm with hers , leading rema down the road . 
 they entered the city from a side street . 
 rema had seen these buildings from the castle , but seeing them and walking among them were two very different experiences . 
 the town near her home had one small market and only a handful of stores . 
 king 's city had several markets and hundreds of stores . 
 there were clothing vendors , butchers , and bakeries . 
 people strolled through the streets shopping or heading to work . 
 everything was foreign , yet , rema 's eyes could n't get enough of the sights and colors . 
 the familiar smell of fire and the clanking sound of a blacksmith 's hammer on the anvil made her feel right at home . 
 she had only ever dreamed of making it out of jarko , and now , here she was in king 's city . 
 going down one of the side streets , rema and darmik came upon a group of children playing a game with stones . 
 the kids appeared to be about five years old , and their clothing was too small , revealing knobby knees and bony arms . 
 rema stopped , digging her fingers into darmik 's arm . 
 `` give them the food , '' she ordered . 
 her heart ached at the sight of the hungry children . 
 darmik slid the sack to the ground and opened it . 
 `` here , '' he said , `` take what you can carry and share it with your family . '' 
 the children abandoned their game and eagerly grabbed the bread , filling their arms until they could n't hold any more . 
 `` thank you ! '' 
 one little girl said , hugging rema 's legs . 
 then she took three loaves of bread and scurried away with a smile on her face . 
 `` it 's good to see you happy , '' darmik said . 
 `` i like helping others , '' rema replied . 
 `` the royal family has the opportunity to do so much good but ... '' her voice trailed off . 
 she did n't want to offend darmik for not being more proactive . 
 darmik nodded , seeming to understand what she was implying . 
 `` it 's a shame king barjon and prince lennek care more for their own well-being than they do for their people , '' he whispered . 
 rolling the sack up , darmik stuck it under his belt and stood . 
 `` until i discovered you smuggling food out of the castle , the thought of defying my father and helping the people behind his back never occurred to me . '' 
 a group of women carrying baskets walked by . 
 `` let 's keep moving , '' darmik whispered , keeping his face down . 
 he offered rema his arm , and they continued in silence , passing stores and strolling among people who lived and worked in the city . 
 turning onto one of the more crowded streets , darmik leaned in toward rema 's ear . 
 `` there 's something you have to try , '' he said , leading her into a bakery . 
 he bought a delicious piece of elderflower cheesecake with blackberry jam on top . 
 `` this is fabulous , '' she said in between bites . 
 `` i 've never tasted anything like it . '' 
 she shoved another piece in her mouth as they walked outside the bakery . 
 `` i can tell . '' 
 darmik seemed amused . 
 `` you have jam on your nose . '' 
 with one wipe , she discovered there was n't anything on her face . 
 darmik was teasing her . 
 taking her finger , she scooped up some jam off the cheesecake and smeared it on darmik 's nose before he realized what she was doing . 
 for a brief second , she was afraid he 'd be mad at her , but he laughed instead . 
 darmik pulled her across the street to a marble water fountain with a statue of king barjon . 
 a few kids played in the pool , splashing one another . 
 darmik rinsed off his face . 
 `` i 'll get you back for that one . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` i thought i was getting you back . '' 
 `` come on . '' 
 he took her arm , and they continued walking through the streets . 
 darmik took her to the only park in the city . 
 it was a grassy area with small beds of flowers spread throughout . 
 it reminded her of aunt maya 's garden next to the house . 
 darmik squatted down and picked a flower , twirling it between his fingers . 
 `` so , '' he said , `` besides the obvious -- that you 're a horse lover and fiercely independent , i know very little about you . '' 
 `` there 's not much to tell , '' rema replied . 
 `` i grew up on a horse farm . 
 my aunt educated me . 
 now i 'm here . '' 
 she did n't want to think about her family or horses -- it was too painful . 
 darmik stood and gazed intently into her eyes . 
 `` what happened to your parents ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` why were you raised by your aunt and uncle ? '' 
 rema looked at this handsome man standing before her with strong , muscled arms , hands calloused from the sword , and warm eyes . 
 did he really want to know her ? 
 did he really care about her ? 
 `` they died , '' she said , `` during the takeover . 
 i have no one else . 
 no other family . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 he sounded sad , but his father was the one responsible for the death of so many people . 
 the image of the horse , bloodied and dead , was seared into her memory . 
 she shrugged her shoulders . 
 a group passed next to them , no idea the commander and future princess were only two feet away . 
 could she turn and walk away , disappearing into this large city ? 
 what would happen to her aunt and uncle ? 
 could she get word to them so they could also escape before lennek took vengeance upon them ? 
 `` i want to ask you something , '' rema whispered . 
 `` what would happen if i walked away and vanished , right now ? '' 
 darmik tucked the white wildflower behind rema 's right ear . 
 his touch left her skin tingling , wanting more . 
 she pushed his hat up half an inch so she could see his mesmerizing brown eyes . 
 `` lennek would make sure you paid dearly for it . 
 your aunt , uncle , everyone you know in jarko would be murdered . 
 i do n't think i need to explain lennek 's cruel side . 
 you 've already seen what he and my father are capable of . '' 
 her freedom was n't worth the death of another . 
 it felt like someone squeezed her heart , destroying all hope . 
 something toward the park 's entrance caught darmik 's attention . 
 `` we need to get back to the castle before lennek returns . '' 
 there was an odd twitch to his eye , and for the first time , rema thought that maybe darmik was frightened of lennek . 
 she wanted to know what had happened to make him afraid of his own brother -- but she was too scared to hear the answer . 
 still , he was the commander of an entire army and he knew how to take care of himself . 
 she shuddered at the thought of someone so strong and powerful fearing lennek . 
 **** there was a knock on the door . 
 rema set aside her book and looked up to see darmik enter her private sitting room . 
 `` i just wanted to check on you . 
 how are you doing ? '' 
 he wore riding clothes , and rema wished she could go riding with him again . 
 but she did n't know if she could handle being around a horse yet . 
 `` i 'm good . 
 and thank you for yesterday . '' 
 visions of the stores and the pungent smells of the city already felt like a distant dream . 
 he nodded . 
 `` i ca n't stay today . 
 lennek 's in the castle . '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 rema asked , curious to hear darmik 's answer . 
 `` he wo n't be happy if he finds me here with you . '' 
 he stood tall and proud , his face revealing nothing . 
 `` are you afraid of your brother ? '' 
 rema asked . 
 `` it 's not that i fear him ; it 's that he 's an unknown , '' darmik said . 
 `` a wildcard , if you will . 
 he 's unpredictable and fueled by jealousy , revenge , and power . 
 a deadly combination . '' 
 he sat down on the settee . 
 rema was thrilled he was staying , even if it was only for a little bit . 
 `` but he 's your brother . 
 you must love him . '' 
 using the excuse that they needed keep their voices low so no one would hear , rema scooted closer to him . 
 `` i love him because he 's my brother , not because of who he is as a person . '' 
 rema thought she understood that . 
 darmik fidgeted with the bottom of his tunic . 
 she wished she could reach out and hold his hands . 
 the image of them walking through the streets resurfaced . 
 she had held his arm for most of yesterday , liking the way it was warm and strong . 
 darmik made her feel safe . 
 rema remembered what it felt like when he gave her the flower , when his hand briefly touched hers . 
 `` so ... you and bren were engaged ? '' 
 darmik asked . 
 the change of topics surprised her . 
 it was difficult to think about bren . 
 she was n't sure she could talk about him without getting emotional . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i do n't want to cause you pain . 
 i was just wondering ... if you 're still in love with him ? '' 
 darmik stumbled over his words . 
 `` bren was my only friend . 
 my best friend . 
 i loved him dearly , but only as a friend . '' 
 tears filled her eyes . 
 the image of bren , bloody in her arms , was all she could picture . 
 rema wiped her sweaty palms on her dress . 
 darmik shifted his body toward her . 
 `` i 'm sorry for your loss . 
 for everything you 've had to endure since we first met . '' 
 he put his arm on her shoulder . 
 she froze , not wanting to do anything that would make him take his arm away . 
 she needed the comfort and security right now . 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 she asked . 
 darmik furrowed his eyebrows . 
 `` i mean , is there anyone special in your life ? '' 
 she could n't believe she just asked him that . 
 his arm fell from her shoulder , breaking their physical contact . 
 a chill swept over her . 
 she very much wanted him to touch her again . 
 `` no , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm busy trying to keep the kingdom from going to war with itself . '' 
 of course , she thought . 
 still , she could n't help but wonder if he had ever been in love before . 
 looking into his eyes , rema thought she saw pain there . 
 she knew it was stupid to entertain any fantasies about prince darmik . 
 it was far too dangerous , and she had to keep reminding herself that he was a friend , nothing more . 
 besides , she wanted to escape this royal family -- not be connected to it in any way . 
 rema just wished that , as a friend , he was n't so handsome . 
 that his eyes did n't make her stomach do flips . 
 that he did n't seem so interested in her . 
 that he , himself , was n't so interesting . 
 she had an intense desire to kiss him . 
 it had to be the result of her circumstances -- away from her family , bren 's death , the horse -- that made her vulnerable . 
 rema needed to gain control of her emotions . 
 this was n't love . 
 it could n't be . 
 darmik opened his mouth to say something , but the guards ' voices got loud , alerting him to someone 's approach . 
 darmik moved to the opposite couch and pulled out his dagger . 
 the door flew open , and lennek strolled in . 
 `` brother , '' lennek said . 
 `` come to admire my new trophy ? '' 
 he sat next to rema , putting his arms on the back of the settee , looking far too comfortable . 
 darmik 's face was expressionless , revealing nothing . 
 rema 's heart pounded . 
 the dagger hung loosely from his fingers . 
 `` rema , sorry to ruin lennek 's gift . '' 
 she had no idea what he was talking about . 
 he placed the dagger on the low table between them . 
 lennek 's eyes zeroed in on the knife . 
 `` is that what i think it is ? '' 
 lennek asked . 
 `` it is . 
 it 's the dagger that killed the last royal family member . '' 
 darmik focused on rema . 
 `` if you want me to have one made for you , it 's going to cost you . 
 when you decide , send word through the guards again . '' 
 she remembered aunt maya mentioning once that nobles exchanged gifts during the wedding ceremony . 
 `` you do n't need to get me anything . '' 
 lennek took rema 's hand and kissed it . 
 `` you are gift enough . '' 
 his eyes lingered over her body . 
 rema wanted to tear her hand away and wipe it on her dress . 
 instead of letting go , lennek squeezed and pulled her closer . 
 `` darmik , leave us . 
 i want to be alone with my fiancée . '' 
 rema forced herself not to act guilty or look at darmik . 
 if she did , prince lennek would know she had feelings for darmik . 
 darmik hesitated . 
 rema did n't want lennek lashing out at him because of her . 
 `` good-bye , prince darmik , '' she said smiling , trying to assure him that she could take care of herself . 
 `` thank you for your input . 
 the guard was right ; you were the right person to ask . '' 
 he nodded and left . 
 `` so , tell me dear , '' lennek mused , `` does darmik visit you often ? '' 
 his breath was hot and revolting in her face . 
 rema remembered being on that cliff with lennek and him threatening her if she ever lied to him . 
 lennek 's hand stroked her cheek , his thumb attempting to caress her lips . 
 he moved in for a kiss , and she stiffened . 
 his mouth stopped , an inch from hers . 
 `` something the matter , dear ? '' 
 lennek asked . 
 `` no ... not at all . '' 
 she braced herself for his kiss . 
 instead , his hands snaked around her waist , and then moved up her back . 
 `` kiss me , '' lennek demanded . 
 `` and mean it . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` no ? '' 
 he asked in disbelief . 
 she could tell his mind was already forming a threat . 
 `` i 'm still grieving bren . 
 besides , we 'll be married soon enough . '' 
 lennek pulled back and stared at her . 
 swift as a snack 's bite , his mouth was at her ear . 
 `` fine . 
 play your little game , '' he whispered . 
 `` but our wedding is only days away and once we 're married , you 're mine . 
 whether you like it or not . 
 understand ? '' 
 rema had the urge to scream at him and break down crying , all at the same time . 
 containing her emotions , she nodded and was thankful when he got up and left . 
 she realized there was no way she could protect her aunt and uncle . 
 she needed to get a message to them so they could disappear . 
 it was also time to ask darmik if he could aid her in any way . 
 in other words , it was time to find out just how good of a friend he really was . 
 darmik before rema 's door closed , darmik already regretted leaving her alone with lennek . 
 he wanted to turn around , storm back in there , and take her away from the castle . 
 but if darmik challenged lennek in any way , lennek would destroy everyone rema loved , and she would end up blaming and hating darmik for it . 
 darmik forced himself to walk away from her room , but he could n't force himself to forget what had happened almost four years ago . 
 he was sixteen at the time and had just started his training as an officer in the army . 
 his squad was stationed in the town of noir , located in kaven . 
 while patrolling one day , he met the governor 's daughter , jarcy . 
 during the weeks that followed , they fell in love . 
 darmik wrote to his father and asked permission to marry her . 
 king barjon agreed , and asked darmik to escort the governor and jarcy to the castle for the marriage negotiations . 
 when they had arrived at king 's city , jarcy was officially introduced at court . 
 everyone took a liking to her -- especially lennek . 
 so much so that he tried to lure jarcy away from darmik , using his position as the future king to sway her . 
 however , jarcy was n't interested in the crown prince , and she told him she was in love with darmik . 
 lennek was furious -- he swore to make darmik pay . 
 the king suddenly ended the marriage negotiations and sent the governor and his daughter home . 
 the governor of kaven was furious . 
 he sent king barjon a letter stating that his daughter was devastated and he , himself , was rather disappointed with the king 's handling of the negotiations . 
 the king offered a marriage contract between lennek and jarcy , but the governor refused . 
 a week later , the king 's army marched into kaven and arrested the governor for treason . 
 jarcy , along with her mother and three sisters , were held for ransom . 
 the governor had no choice but to accept the marriage contract of an elderly man who had the means and was willing to pay a significant amount of money for the right to marry jarcy . 
 the man paid the ransom , freeing jarcy and her family . 
 they were married the next day . 
 however , not even jarcy 's newfound wealth was enough to stop the governor 's execution . 
 after her father was hanged , lennek expressed his pleasure over jarcy 's marriage to the uncle of one of lennek 's dear friends . 
 in fact , lennek had overseen the negotiations and personally signed the contract . 
 jarcy killed herself shortly thereafter by ingesting a poisonous plant . 
 she left darmik a letter stating that she wished she had never met him , claiming he was responsible for her father 's death , and blaming him for destroying her life . 
 storming down the hallway , darmik knew the best thing to do was to pretend he did n't care about rema . 
 he would n't allow what happened to jarcy to happen to her . 
 darmik needed to focus on something else . 
 there was still a section of the archives in the library that he needed to investigate . 
 so far , he had n't found any information regarding the tattoos , but there had to be evidence or records on the matter . 
 after combing through the rest of the books , darmik could n't believe there was n't a single mention of the tattoos . 
 sliding the last book back into its place , darmik sat on the ground . 
 there had to be something somewhere . 
 he needed to think . 
 who would know about the way of things before his father 's time ? 
 the only person that came to mind was an older gentleman by the name of trell . 
 trell had been king barjon 's personal advisor during the takeover . 
 once , over dinner and several pints of ale , trell pulled darmik aside and revealed that he had been the chief battle strategist for emperion . 
 since trell was close to retirement , emperor hamen assigned him to accompany barjon to greenwood island in order to ensure a swift and efficient success . 
 trell claimed he had orchestrated the entire invasion . 
 however , when king barjon told the story of the takeover , he rarely mentioned trell , and instead , took all the credit for himself . 
 after barjon was crowned king of greenwood island , trell retired , intending to live a quiet life . 
 he never married , nor had children . 
 occasionally he was consulted on military matters , but seldom left his fortress , and the king no longer invited him to the castle . 
 if anyone knew the truth about the tattoos , it was the old man . 
 trell lived on the outskirts of a small town named werden , in shano . 
 it was only a half-day 's ride north from the castle . 
 darmik could make it there and back without anyone knowing he had even left king 's city . 
 without revealing his destination , darmik traveled to werden with only a handful of his personal guard . 
 when he arrived on trell 's land , no one was about . 
 darmik had always enjoyed this castle as a child . 
 it looked like rocks were pulled from the ground and stacked on top of one another , forming the two-story structure . 
 after pounding on the wooden door , a steward answered . 
 darmik 's men were escorted to the kitchen for food and drink , while darmik was taken to the sitting room and announced . 
 trell was sitting in a black , high-backed chair near the fireplace . 
 he was covered with a red blanket , his long white hair and leathery skin standing in stark contrast to the dark colors of the room . 
 `` prince darmik , my how you 've grown . '' 
 his voice was gravely from old age . 
 `` forgive me for not kneeling . 
 it 's getting hard to move around . '' 
 `` no need for proper protocol , '' darmik replied . 
 it had been quite some time since he 'd last seen trell . 
 he quickly scanned the room , making sure no one else was present . 
 the curtains were shut , the only light coming from the fireplace . 
 the dark wood walls were covered with tapestries depicting constellations . 
 darmik moved closer to trell . 
 a book lay across the old man 's lap . 
 noticing darmik trying to read the page , trell closed the thick leather cover and put it on the side table . 
 darmik glanced at the title , maintaining a large military force and achieving economic prosperity . 
 `` what brings you out my way ? '' 
 there was a spark behind the elderly man 's eyes . 
 `` something only you may know , '' darmik answered . 
 `` no one asks for my advice these days . '' 
 trell raised his eyebrows , intrigued . 
 `` how can i be of service ? '' 
 darmik sat on the settee next to trell 's chair , trying to decide how much information to reveal . 
 there was no point in hiding anything -- most likely trell had heard the rumors . 
 as darmik proceeded to tell him what he knew about the tattoos and the possible heir , the old man leaned back , his eyes blank and distant . 
 when darmik finished , trell nodded . 
 `` hmm ... that would be an interesting turn of events . 
 and quite unexpected . 
 i do n't know the answer , but i 'm sure we can figure it out . '' 
 trell 's cheek twitched . 
 `` how ? '' 
 darmik asked . 
 he needed concrete evidence one way or the other . 
 speculation or probability was n't good enough . 
 the old man stared at him . 
 `` so you want to know if king barjon was correctly informed -- that the royal family did not tattoo their children until their first birthday ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i need to know if these rebels have a cause or not . '' 
 darmik put his elbows on his thighs and leaned forward . 
 `` and if they do ? '' 
 trell asked . 
 `` do you plan to follow in your father 's footsteps and slaughter the rightful heir ? '' 
 darmik did n't like to hear it put that way . 
 `` i plan to protect my king . '' 
 `` i 've seen a lot of bloodshed in my days , '' trell admitted . 
 `` now i wonder if things could 've been done differently . '' 
 `` i do n't want a war , '' darmik said , `` if that 's what you 're implying . 
 i 'm trying to save lives . '' 
 `` good , i 'm glad to hear it . 
 but you still have n't answered my question . '' 
 darmik rubbed his face . 
 `` i do n't know , '' he admitted . 
 darmik was n't sure if he could kill a young woman for no other reason than her bloodline . 
 he was sick of killing people just because his father had ordered him to do so . 
 `` the answer lies within , '' trell said , tapping his own chest . 
 `` do you know that i was instrumental in the takeover ? '' 
 darmik nodded . 
 trell shifted in his seat , and then continued , `` most battles are won by those who understand their enemy . 
 i 've always found one only has to look to the arts . '' 
 `` i 'm not following you . '' 
 darmik knew nothing about art . 
 `` sculptures , books , paintings . 
 they reveal the true identity of a culture . 
 if you understand that , then you know your enemy . 
 you can find their weakness and attack . '' 
 `` what does this have to do with the tattoo issue ? '' 
 trell shook his head and sighed . 
 `` patience , boy . '' 
 he removed the blanket . 
 `` i 'm going to share something with you , but no one is to know . 
 understand ? '' 
 darmik promised he would n't speak a word of it to anyone . 
 `` for my services in successfully taking over greenwood island , i turned down the governorship your father offered and instead , received all the books , paintings , and artwork from the previous royal family , thus saving everything from being burned . 
 your father wanted it all destroyed , but i knew their value . 
 my payment , if you will , for assisting your father was the acquisition of all artifacts . '' 
 darmik 's eyes widened . 
 `` you have it all ? '' 
 trell chuckled . 
 `` everything . '' 
 he pointed out of the room . 
 `` it 's all locked in my vault . '' 
 `` can i see it ? '' 
 darmik inched to the edge of the cushion . 
 trell reached out and took hold of darmik 's arm . 
 `` remember , no one is to know . 
 king barjon swore me to secrecy . '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` but i will only show you the portraits . 
 nothing else . '' 
 he released darmik 's arm . 
 `` i 'm not following you . 
 how will the portraits be beneficial ? '' 
 `` there are pictures of every member of the previous royal family . '' 
 it was darmik 's understanding that the tattoos were n't visible like the ones today . 
 king barjon , lennek , and darmik 's tattoos were more of a status symbol than anything . 
 if the previous family used these tattoos to identify their bloodline , then darmik assumed they 'd be hidden so no one knew what they looked like . 
 the old man gazed into the fire . 
 `` portraits were also drawn for private use . 
 and the tattoos had to be documented some way . '' 
 darmik suspected trell knew more than he was revealing . 
 perhaps king barjon had sworn trell to secrecy on more than one matter . 
 `` emperion uses tattoos in their army to identify a person 's rank . '' 
 darmik stood , pacing the room . 
 `` here , we use them to identify where a person lives . 
 my family uses the tattoos to show status . '' 
 darmik kept walking , lost in thought . 
 `` i do n't recall the emperor being marked . 
 how did my father discover the use of the royal tattoos here on greenwood island ? '' 
 trell 's finger tapped the arm of the chair . 
 `` do you know the history of greenwood island ? 
 how it was founded ? '' 
 darmik nodded . 
 `` i 'm positive emperion has the same marking system for their royalty . 
 just no one knows about it -- as it should be . 
 that 's probably how your father found out in the first place -- emperor hamen most likely told him . '' 
 if the tradition came from emperion , and emperor hamen had told his father about the tattoos , and king barjon insisted that babies were n't marked until age one , then darmik was leaning toward believing his father . 
 trell grinned . 
 `` come . 
 let us see what we can discover . '' 
 darmik took trell 's elbow , helping the old man stand . 
 `` thank you , '' trell said , patting darmik 's arm . 
 `` follow me . '' 
 trell led the way out of the sitting room and through several stone corridors . 
 his feet shuffled over the wood plank flooring . 
 darmik heard his soldiers ' laughing from the other side of the castle . 
 `` here we are , '' trell said , stopping at a door and pulling out a key . 
 he unlocked the door and pushed it open . 
 it was solid black inside . 
 `` there 's a window straight ahead . '' 
 darmik entered , unable to see anything . 
 he walked forward , sliding his feet and waving his hands , hoping not to run into any objects . 
 his fingers felt velvet fabric , so he grabbed it , and slid the curtain aside . 
 light poured in . 
 he squinted and glanced around . 
 they were in a small library . 
 trell entered and stood near one of the walls . 
 his hands felt along a book , jiggling it . 
 a loud groan erupted and the bookshelf swung open , like a door . 
 `` this way . '' 
 trell waved darmik to his side . 
 they walked into a short hallway and down a flight of stone stairs , stopping at a heavy oak door . 
 when trell gave it a push , the door they had entered through swung shut with a bang . 
 `` there 's a lamp to your right . '' 
 darmik found and lit it , while trell lit a few more . 
 the room was enormous -- perhaps fifty-feet-by-fifty-feet . 
 one section of the room had statues and artifacts . 
 another area was filled with books . 
 to the right were shelves filled with boxes of various sizes . 
 the last area was completely covered with white sheets , concealing the identity of what lay underneath them . 
 `` impressive , '' darmik whistled . 
 `` are we underground ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 the walls were made of gray stones . 
 heavy oak timbers used for rafters supported the ground floor of the castle . 
 `` the stone walls and the lack of windows help to preserve the contents , '' trell said . 
 `` less air . '' 
 darmik moved toward the statues . 
 one appeared to be sparkling , made from some sort of black stone . 
 `` over here , '' trell said , demanding darmik 's attention . 
 trell stood in front of several shelves , all taller than himself , filled with wooden boxes . 
 `` what are these ? '' 
 darmik asked . 
 `` every year , an artist was commissioned to draw each member of the royal family . '' 
 he pulled down a box , covered with a layer of thick dust . 
 `` they 're organized by person , and then family . '' 
 the box had a name written on the side . 
 `` so the portraits in there are for addette ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 and the boxes on the same shelf as hers are the immediate family members -- husband and children . 
 she married into the royal family , so she ends here . 
 but her husband , '' trell pointed to his box , `` his parents are above him , his grandchildren are on the shelf below . '' 
 trell slid a piece of paper out from the box , glanced at it , and replaced it before putting the box back onto the shelf . 
 `` the first ruler was king nero . '' 
 he moved to the left and climbed up a ladder . 
 pulling a box out , he handed it to darmik . 
 `` this is the first one , '' trell said , short of breath . 
 darmik set the box on a bare table and quickly climbed the ladder to help trell . 
 when they reached the bottom , trell opened the lid and slid out a picture . 
 it was a portrait of a man in his twenties . 
 `` we 'll start with king nero 's children and see if any of the infant pictures show the tattoo . '' 
 darmik replaced the box for him and pulled down another one . 
 `` i ca n't tell anything from this portrait , '' trell said , squinting . 
 `` let 's keep looking . '' 
 darmik checked another box , lower on the shelf . 
 the infant was fully dressed , and he could n't tell if the baby had a tattoo or not . 
 for the next thirty minutes , trell and darmik searched through boxes , looking at the first couple of pictures . 
 they came up empty-handed . 
 `` let 's go to the middle section , '' trell suggested . 
 after moving several feet to the right , darmik chose a box at random . 
 he pulled it down and examined the pictures . 
 the first one was a newborn baby swaddled in a blanket . 
 again , no tattoos . 
 looking at the second picture , the baby was older by a month perhaps , and there was a distinct change . 
 the baby was lying on his belly on a plush , red blanket . 
 the position allowed the artist to paint the baby 's back -- and a small mole on his shoulder . 
 darmik got another box down from the shelf and removed the lid . 
 he pulled out the first two pictures and saw the same thing -- a newborn swaddled and then a young baby lying on her stomach . 
 this baby appeared to have the same mole . 
 `` where 's the tattoo supposed to be ? '' 
 darmik asked . 
 `` shoulder , if i recall correctly , '' trell responded . 
 `` check an older picture . 
 every five years or so , a portrait was drawn that showed the tattoo . 
 the pictures were considered private since no one was allowed to know about or see the tattoos . '' 
 darmik was so concerned with the baby pictures that he had n't examined the rest of the box . 
 scanning through the portraits , he found that every fifth one was in an envelope . 
 he picked one out toward the center and opened it . 
 the portrait was of a young girl with light brown hair held back by a delicate , jeweled crown . 
 her body was angled to show her right shoulder and her left hand pulled her dress down ever so slightly , revealing a tattoo . 
 it was n't what darmik expected . 
 all civilians on the island were marked on his or her wrist , but those marks were plain with black ink , depicting symbols relating to a person 's region . 
 king barjon , lennek , and darmik 's tattoos were all large marks covering their necks and shoulders -- meant to be seen and stand for power . 
 this one was pale , almost a soft gray , with delicate lines of red interwoven into a complex symbol -- one that appeared near impossible to replicate . 
 it looked like a unique piece of jewelry . 
 the entire tattoo was one inch wide and circular . 
 he went back to the baby pictures . 
 `` do you have a reading glass ? '' 
 the elderly man hobbled to another section of the room , and then returned holding one . 
 darmik held the glass above the baby picture and peered through it . 
 the mole transformed into the tattoo . 
 `` bloody hell . '' 
 `` it makes sense , '' trell said . 
 `` they would want their children marked as soon as possible to avoid someone switching them at birth . '' 
 it did make sense . 
 but it also caused the exact scenario darmik had hoped to prove wrong . 
 the rumors could be true -- a royal heir might have survived . 
 if that was the case , the kingdom was going to end up in the middle of an enormous war . 
 darmik raked his hands through his hair , thinking back to all the evidence his father had . 
 there was one head and one tattoo for everyone in the royal family except the baby , princess amer . 
 her age at death was six months old , and she did n't have a tattoo . 
 so ... perhaps princess amer was smuggled from the castle during the takeover and another baby put in her place . 
 that would explain the lack of a tattoo . 
 the real princess would be about seventeen now -- ready to take back the throne . 
 pounding his fist on the table , darmik wondered what he was going to do . 
 he could n't go around checking every young woman 's shoulder . 
 yet , he had to find the princess . 
 `` promise me one thing , '' trell said . 
 `` anything . 
 i 'm in your debt for providing me with this information . '' 
 trell patted darmik 's back . 
 `` knowledge is power . 
 use it wisely . '' 
 he squeezed darmik 's shoulder and their eyes met . 
 `` promise me no more killing . 
 a ruler should protect his or her people . 
 not murder them . '' 
 darmik nodded . 
 `` i promise no unnecessary killing . '' 
 `` rule wisely -- you 're not just a commander , but a prince . 
 you can make a difference . '' 
 **** `` commander ! '' 
 neco said , running up to him . 
 `` this is for you . '' 
 neco handed him a letter with the king 's seal . 
 darmik had stabled his horse and was on his way to see king barjon , unsure of what to tell his father about the heir surviving . 
 darmik opened the letter and read it . 
 `` king barjon has received pleas from the governors in dresden and mullen , requesting help , '' darmik informed neco . 
 `` there are increasing riots throughout the regions . 
 we have orders from the king to ride out tonight . '' 
 neco smiled . 
 `` i 'll give word to the men . '' 
 finally , darmik could get back to his soldiers and do his job . 
 he had to stop the rebels , imprison the heir , and bring stability to the kingdom . 
 but leaving the castle meant leaving rema . 
 he went straight to her room , wanting to see her before he left . 
 wiping his sweaty palms on his pants , darmik squared his shoulders and entered . 
 she was n't in her sitting room . 
 however , lennek never allowed her to leave her room without guards , and they were still posted at the door . 
 his brother was too afraid that she would run away , and she probably would -- rema was more than capable . 
 `` rema ? '' 
 darmik called out . 
 `` in here , '' she replied , her voice coming from her bedchamber . 
 darmik had only been inside her bedchamber once before , and that was to simply ruffle the bed and make it look like she was sleeping in it . 
 why did n't she come into the sitting room as protocol called for ? 
 his legs remained rooted in place . 
 if darmik went in there , he did n't know if he could maintain his composure and continue to conceal his feelings for her any longer . 
 her bedchamber was a private room where she changed and slept . 
 he wiped his hands again . 
 bloody hell , he was n't this nervous before a battle . 
 `` darmik ? '' 
 she called . 
 `` coming . '' 
 he forced his legs to move to the entrance of her bedchamber . 
 rema stood looking out of the window , wearing a simple , long , and flowing white dress . 
 not a court dress by any means ; it was something a commoner would wear . 
 in her right hand , she held a wilted flower -- it must 've been the one he gave her in the city . 
 she set the flower down on the window ledge , next to something shiny . 
 it looked like a gold necklace , the one she 'd often wore tucked under her dress . 
 she was watching something in the courtyard far below . 
 her hair glowed in the afternoon sun , hanging like a golden curtain around her face . 
 darmik imagined taking her in his arms and holding her tight . 
 but she was lennek 's , for now . 
 maybe , just maybe , if darmik left and did n't show any interest in rema , lennek would grow bored and release her from their marriage contract . 
 `` you 're beautiful , '' darmik whispered . 
 rema 's head turned . 
 he had n't meant for her to hear . 
 `` most people find my looks strange , '' she replied . 
 `` i 'm not most people . 
 and you 're looks are unique , but definitely not strange . '' 
 rema laughed . 
 `` come see . '' 
 she pointed outside . 
 he was n't sure if he should enter her room with her actually in it . 
 what if a servant saw ? 
 but darmik was here to say good-bye . 
 still , lennek was in the castle , and the ramifications of being caught in her bedchamber were great . 
 `` i -- '' `` the horse is exquisite . 
 hurry up before it 's gone . '' 
 she waved him over . 
 if a horse was involved , it was too much to resist . 
 stepping over the threshold , darmik entered her bedchamber . 
 their shoulders brushed as he came to stand next to her . 
 in the courtyard below , a horse merchant held the reins of a light-brown horse with white spots . 
 a little girl , about ten years old , stood with her father , jumping up and down , clapping her hands in delight . 
 `` i still remember when uncle kar gave me my first horse , snow . '' 
 she sounded distant , homesick . 
 `` i was seven . 
 it was a gift for my birthday . '' 
 she gazed out the window . 
 `` i hope snow knows i did n't abandon him . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' darmik said . 
 `` so am i. '' determination filled her voice . 
 `` but i 'll find a way to fix this . '' 
 rema turned to face him . 
 `` i need to know , '' she said , her eyes meeting his , the glazed look from her memory gone , replaced with pleading , `` if you can get a message to my aunt and uncle . '' 
 he 'd already checked into it . 
 it was possible to get a message to them , but lennek had men watching their house , and there was a good chance lennek would find out . 
 `` i need to think about it , '' was all he said . 
 he stared out the window , unable to hold her vibrant blue eyes any longer . 
 rema nodded . 
 `` i just want to know that they 're well . '' 
 if that was all she wanted , he could find out for her . 
 that request was safer than delivering any sort of message . 
 it was safer than unleashing lennek 's violent temper . 
 `` rema , '' darmik said , `` the other day when i left you alone with lennek ... he did n't do anything to you , did he ? '' 
 he held his breath , waiting for her answer . 
 the only reason darmik played lennek 's game was to protect rema . 
 if lennek hurt her , all bets were off . 
 `` no . '' 
 she turned away from him . 
 he reached out and took her hand . 
 she stopped and watched him , confusion and questions in her eyes . 
 `` rema . '' 
 darmik interlaced his fingers with hers , and a warm feeling spread throughout his body . 
 `` i have to leave tomorrow . 
 i 'll be gone for a while . '' 
 with his composure barely under control , darmik 's voice was deeper than usual . 
 he wanted nothing more than to run away with her . 
 saying good-bye was n't supposed to be so difficult . 
 her eyes filled with tears . 
 darmik pulled her closer , their bodies only inches apart . 
 `` i wo n't be back until the day of the wedding . '' 
 `` do you expect me to sit still in this room ? '' 
 rema 's bright blue eyes bore into his . 
 `` do you think , for one second , that i 'm going to marry him ? '' 
 she was getting mad . 
 this was n't going how darmik planned . 
 he came to say farewell , not to upset her . 
 `` what other option do i have ? '' 
 darmik asked . 
 she might have seen glimpses of lennek 's true personality , but until she really understood him , knew what lengths he 'd go to for what he wanted , she did n't truly comprehend how his mind worked . 
 all lennek did was point a sword at her aunt and uncle , and she accepted his marriage proposal . 
 lennek always knew how to get what he wanted , no matter the cost or the consequences . 
 `` do you want me to marry him ? 
 i thought ... '' her voice trailed off . 
 he could n't look at her . 
 he tended to avoid thinking about the actual wedding . 
 standing up against lennek was treason , and he would get himself killed . 
 but could he really sit back and allow lennek to have her ? 
 what would that do to her ? 
 he could n't let rema meet the same fate as jarcy . 
 `` do you feel anything at all for me ? '' 
 she tentatively asked . 
 darmik felt a whole lot of something for her . 
 he had never felt this way about anyone , ever . 
 he thought he had loved jarcy -- but that was different . 
 he had been young , naïve , and truly had n't known what it meant to be in love . 
 but now , with rema , he was beginning to understand . 
 and he was falling in love with her . 
 he pulled her a few steps away from the window . 
 darmik lifted his hands , gently placing them on either side of her face . 
 her pale skin was smooth and his hands looked dark against it . 
 she smelled like wildflowers . 
 rema 's lips parted ever so slightly and her breath caught . 
 she was about to say something when darmik lowered his face to hers . 
 and they kissed . 
 her lips were soft and warm . 
 his hands lowered to her back , pulling her against him . 
 rema 's fingers twined in darmik 's hair , bringing his head even closer to hers . 
 their bodies melted together . 
 darmik 's mouth left hers . 
 he kissed her neck , her head tilting back , inviting him in . 
 she tasted better than he thought possible . 
 there was no way darmik would allow lennek to have her . 
 his hands slid up rema 's arms to her shoulders and their lips reunited . 
 his fingers accidentally pushed the fabric from her shoulders , and her dress inched down . 
 rema took a step back , breathing heavily , with one hand holding the fabric around her chest . 
 if she moved that hand , the dress would fall to the ground . 
 darmik very much wanted to see and feel her entire body . 
 rema bit her bottom lip and moved closer to darmik . 
 there was a loud bang , and they jumped apart . 
 the sitting room door flew open , slamming against the wall . 
 `` rema ! '' 
 lennek yelled . 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 her eyes widened in panic . 
 lennek entered the bedchamber . 
 `` what the bloody hell is going on ? '' 
 he demanded , focused solely on darmik . 
 `` trying to commit treason , little brother ? 
 or do you actually think you can win this one ? '' 
 his face was distorted with rage . 
 `` i knew you had a thing for her , '' lennek seethed , moving next to darmik . 
 he lowered his voice , `` but to purposely seduce rema , my future wife , that is crossing the line . '' 
 rema pulled her dress up higher , sliding her left shoulder in . 
 she turned her back to darmik and faced lennek . 
 `` he was n't seducing me . '' 
 rema was about to slide her right shoulder in when darmik saw it . 
 the tattoo . 
 rema lennek twisted around toward rema , acknowledging her for the first time . 
 his nose wrinkled in disgust , like she was cow dung . 
 `` do n't speak to me in such a manner . 
 i am the crown prince . '' 
 he lowered his head closer to hers . 
 `` and you , my dear , are insignificant . '' 
 having seen lennek 's temper before , she knew the situation was only going to get worse . 
 the last time rema had angered him , bren ended up dead . 
 she could n't let that happen to darmik . 
 lennek shoved her away and focused his attention solely on his brother . 
 `` you , '' he spat , pointing his finger at darmik 's chest . 
 `` when are you ever going to learn ? 
 you ca n't beat me . 
 i always win . 
 you 'll be sorry for this . '' 
 he spun around and left the bedchamber , his cape floating behind him . 
 rema slid her right arm in her dress and faced darmik . 
 he looked as if he had just seen a ghost -- his face was white and his eyes were wide with disbelief . 
 `` we both need to get out of the castle before your brother returns . '' 
 rema reached for him , but he backed away . 
 `` you almost fooled me , '' darmik said , shaking his head as he took another step away from her . 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 come on , there is n't much time . '' 
 lennek returned with her two guards . 
 `` arrest her , '' he ordered . 
 the guards seized her arms . 
 `` darmik ! '' 
 she cried . 
 `` help me ! '' 
 his face reddened , and his nostrils flared . 
 he seemed furious -- like he despised her . 
 but what did she do ? 
 darmik stormed from the room . 
 rema frantically tried pulling her arms out of the guards ' clutches . 
 one minute she was kissing darmik , lost in the moment . 
 now , everything was falling apart . 
 `` slut , '' lennek spit . 
 `` you think i want someone used by my brother ? 
 you 've committed treason . '' 
 he leaned in , inches from her face . 
 `` i never lose . 
 especially to him . '' 
 his voice was laced with hatred . 
 lennek stepped back , raised his hand , and backhanded rema across her face . 
 the sound echoed in the room . 
 her cheek stung , and she tasted blood . 
 lennek smirked , and then adjusted his crown , the light hitting the sapphires , making them sparkle . 
 `` take her to the dungeon . 
 she 's not fit to be in the same room as me . '' 
 the guards released her arms and nudged her forward , out of the bedchamber . 
 tears filled her eyes , whether it was because darmik had practically ran away from her , or her swelling cheek , she could n't be sure . 
 the guards escorted her through the hallways . 
 she would n't allow herself to cry . 
 she did n't want everyone in the castle to see her in tears , and she would n't give lennek that satisfaction . 
 holding her chin up , she followed the guards as they crossed through the castle 's main inner courtyard . 
 were they really taking her to the dungeon ? 
 if she ended up imprisoned , not only was her fate sealed , but so were aunt maya and uncle kar 's . 
 her only option at this point was to make a run for it . 
 glancing around , not many people were about , and her hands were free . 
 there were still the two guards to contend with , but she was on the ground floor , the exit in sight . 
 unfortunately , she was barefoot . 
 when she had put on the white nightdress , she assumed she would be going to bed -- not fleeing for her life . 
 once she made it out of the castle , hiding on the grounds would n't work because once a search was raised , she would n't be able to get out undetected . 
 the only chance she had was to make a run for it straight to the city . 
 rema wished she knew where the secret tunnel darmik had used was -- but she had been concealed in the food cart and had no idea where the entrance was located . 
 now they were at the northern end of the courtyard . 
 through the exit ahead , she could reach the stables , not too far away . 
 `` do n't , '' one of the guards whispered , slipping his hand around her arm . 
 `` you 'll be killed on sight . 
 and you ca n't go to the city . 
 he 'll start executing people until you 're handed over or found . '' 
 rema hesitated a moment , then her opportunity was gone . 
 they entered another hallway and stopped before a black door with a red crown painted on it . 
 one of the guards knocked three times . 
 metal clanked , and the door swung open . 
 `` state your business , '' a raspy voice demanded . 
 `` prisoner , '' one of the guards answered . 
 the door screeched as it opened farther . 
 darkness awaited them . 
 goose bumps covered rema 's skin , and she froze in panic , wondering what was through the darkness . 
 `` come on , '' the guard holding her upper arm mumbled . 
 rema shook her head . 
 her stomach boiled and she gagged , about to vomit . 
 `` sorry , '' the second guard muttered , taking hold of her other arm . 
 the guards pulled her inside . 
 the door slammed shut , the bang echoing through the unknown . 
 a fire appeared in front of her face , forcing her to squint . 
 `` pretty little thing . 
 what she done ? '' 
 the raspy voice asked . 
 her eyes adjusted to see a small , hunched man studying her with the light of a torch . 
 `` treason , '' a guard replied . 
 `` you and everyone else , '' the hunched man said . 
 `` this way . '' 
 they went down a narrow corridor . 
 `` be careful now . 
 watch your step . '' 
 the hunched man grunted and descended . 
 rema stood at the top of a steep staircase . 
 the smoke from the torch made her eyes sting , and the rough stone floor dug into her bare feet . 
 `` down you go , '' a guard said , gripping her elbow . 
 it smelled musty , damp , and like body odor . 
 the guards pulled her forward , following the light ahead of them . 
 the only sounds were her escorts ' boots slapping against the floor and a faint dripping noise in the distance . 
 rema 's feet were cold and raw . 
 the stone walls faded away and blackness surrounded them . 
 when they caught up to the man with the torch , rema realized that they were walking past cells with a slumped figure inside each one . 
 she could n't tell if any of the people were alive or not . 
 rema froze , bile rising in the back of her throat . 
 she was going to die in here . 
 `` come on , '' a guard whispered , his soft voice echoing . 
 `` no , '' she cried . 
 `` i ca n't ! '' 
 a rough , calloused hand grabbed her ankle , and she screamed , the sound bouncing off the walls like the cry of thousands instead of only one . 
 a guard swiveled and whacked a man reaching out of his cell . 
 the prisoner released rema 's ankle and his arm dashed away like a snake . 
 `` walk in the center , '' the guard ordered , `` so none of the prisoners can touch you . '' 
 rema grabbed one of the guard 's arms for safety and support . 
 the hunched man appeared in front of them , laughing . 
 `` i reckon many ai n't seen a young woman in an awful long time . 
 ah , well , we 'll put you in a different section . 
 you should be safer there . '' 
 the guards stared at each other , cheeks twitching and eyes blinking , like they were having a conversation without words . 
 `` do n't worry , '' one said , whispering in her ear . 
 `` we 'll make sure you 're safe . '' 
 `` i ca n't do this . '' 
 shaking her head , rema refused to go another inch into the never-ending black maze . 
 it seemed like she was being swallowed by a colossal beast whose pit of a stomach she 'd be stuck in forever . 
 and the smell -- fecal matter mixed with urine and vomit -- hung heavy in the stale air . 
 the guards each took hold of her arms and carried her forward . 
 `` be strong , '' one whispered . 
 `` you can do this . 
 just do n't show any fear . '' 
 rema knew she could n't give up so easily . 
 even if she could n't save herself , there had to be a way to save her aunt and uncle . 
 regaining some of her strength , she forced her legs to move forward . 
 she walked on her own , holding her head high . 
 prince lennek was the real scum , not her . 
 rounding a corner , rema 's right foot stepped in a thick , slimy substance . 
 she slipped and both guards grabbed hold of her , keeping her upright . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' she declared , not wanting to think about the warm goo coating the bottom of her foot . 
 `` here . '' 
 one guard took her foot and wiped it off on his pants . 
 `` do n't want you to slip again . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 he did n't have to do that for her . 
 `` i appreciate your kindness . '' 
 darkness surrounded them as the light the hunched man held moved further away . 
 they hurried to catch up . 
 after several twists and turns , the raspy voice said , `` here , '' and pointed to a cell . 
 he slid the torch into a sconce on the wall . 
 pulling a ring of keys from his belt , he flipped through them , humming a cheerful tune . 
 rema wanted to kick his leg -- there was nothing to be happy about . 
 `` ah , here it is . '' 
 he took the key , inserted it into the lock , and pushed the door open . 
 a loud screech echoed through the corridor , the door grating along the floor . 
 the hunched man grabbed the torch from the wall and entered the cell . 
 as he waved the light around , rema got a brief look at the small empty room : five-feet-by-five-feet , three walls of solid block stones , the last wall iron bars extending from the ground into the ceiling . 
 `` what ya waiting for ? 
 get in here . '' 
 the guards nudged her forward into the cell . 
 the hunched man spun around and slammed the door shut , the lock clicking into place . 
 both guards towered above the small man , their faces grim . 
 `` enjoy your stay , '' the raspy voice said . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 rema yelled . 
 `` you 're not leaving me alone , are you ? 
 i mean , my guards are staying , right ? '' 
 panic swelled in her chest , making it difficult to breathe . 
 `` guards ? '' 
 the hunched man laughed . 
 `` you 're in a dungeon . 
 these here bars and walls are your guards ! '' 
 he swept the torch from side to side . 
 a rat scurried across the cell and rema jumped , curling her toes . 
 `` what am i supposed to do when i have to go to the privy ? '' 
 the man laughed . 
 `` when ya got ta go , pick a corner and use it . 
 just make sure that corner do n't slope toward the rest of your cell . '' 
 he moved away , taking the torch and her guards with him . 
 her entire body shook uncontrollably . 
 she could n't bloody see . 
 calm down , she told herself . 
 your eyes will adjust . 
 except that they did n't . 
 rema could n't even see her own hand in front of her face . 
 anyone could sneak up to her , and she would never know -- until it was too late . 
 she slid her feet back until she hit the wall , and then moved sideways until she was in a corner . 
 rema collapsed to the ground , pulling her knees to her chin , trying to make herself as small as possible . 
 the odor of fecal matter permeated the air . 
 rema dug her nose into her dress , attempting to block the rancid smell . 
 her breathing was loud , anyone would be able to hear and find her . 
 she needed to calm her body down and control her breathing , slowing it to make it as soft and as quiet as possible . 
 it only got louder . 
 she put her dress around her feet in case the rat came back . 
 not that the dress would do much good against an animal with sharp teeth , but she felt safer without her toes exposed . 
 the ground was damp . 
 moisture seeped into her dress , and her teeth started to chatter . 
 rema had no idea how long she had been sitting in the dungeon . 
 time held no meaning in the darkness . 
 a faint light appeared and then got stronger until rema vaguely saw the corridor in front of her cell . 
 a prison guard lit a torch on the wall outside of her iron bars . 
 he took a few more steps , and then lit another one . 
 he glanced in her direction and mumbled , `` hope this helps . '' 
 he continued down the hallway lighting two more , and then disappearing . 
 the torches gave off enough light for rema to see the inside of her cell . 
 she was safe . 
 no one lurked in the shadows of the room . 
 still , she stayed in the corner . 
 there was no way she could afford to let her mind focus on this dire situation , so she thought of snow and her family . 
 she needed to be strong for her aunt and uncle . 
 if she were given the opportunity , she 'd try to get word to them to run . 
 the sound of something being dragged echoed off the stone walls . 
 it was getting louder . 
 rema pressed her body into the corner , trying to make herself blend in with the wall . 
 what was coming for her ? 
 a man grunted , walking backwards , pulling something . 
 he stopped and looked at rema . 
 she froze , hoping he 'd continue by her . 
 instead , he glanced around , pulled out a key , and unlocked the door . 
 he pushed it open and shoved a six-foot rectangular object into her room before he pulled the door shut , locked it , and sprinted away . 
 then she smelled it -- straw . 
 it was a bed ! 
 she slid the mattress in the corner and sat down , inhaling the fresh smell of hay . 
 it was n't as soft as the feather bed she 'd been sleeping in , but it was exceedingly better than the stone floor . 
 someone cleared his throat , and rema peered across her cell to see blankets being shoved between the bars by her feet . 
 then , he , too , disappeared . 
 the blankets were made from heavy wool -- nice and warm . 
 she placed one on top of the straw mattress , lied down , and wrapped the other one around her body . 
 rema was certain that this was not normal , that prisoners in the dungeon were n't usually treated with such kindness . 
 so why were the prison guards being so nice to her ? 
 were they acting on orders ? 
 perhaps darmik was trying to help her ? 
 the image of darmik 's body against hers warmed her face . 
 rema still remembered the feel of his soft lips , the salty taste of his skin , his hands moving over her body . 
 the feelings that darmik stirred inside of her -- an intense desire and need -- she never knew existed . 
 and rema very much wanted to experience it again . 
 she had n't felt this way about anyone before , ever . 
 she loved bren , but that was like a friend or a brother . 
 the last thing she had ever expected was to fall in love with darmik . 
 but that look he gave her after lennek stormed in , was like poison . 
 why ? 
 because they had been caught ? 
 the sound of footsteps grew louder . 
 ellie appeared before the cell , a guard standing next to her . 
 the guard quickly unlocked and opened the door . 
 ellie entered carrying a tray of food . 
 `` well , '' she whispered with a smile , `` at least the wedding 's off . '' 
 rema threw her arms around ellie 's neck . 
 `` careful . 
 it was n't easy getting this food all the way down here . '' 
 `` hurry ! '' 
 the guard whispered . 
 `` i have to go , but i 'll be back as soon as i can . '' 
 rema released her . 
 ellie set the tray down on rema 's bed , gave her a quick kiss on her cheek , and left . 
 rema clutched onto the cell bars , watching ellie disappear down the hallway . 
 going back to the straw mattress , she lifted the lid off the tray . 
 there was warm soup , bread , and roasted vegetables . 
 rema 's mouth watered . 
 lifting the loaf of bread , rema found her necklace . 
 she quickly put it back around her neck , where it belonged . 
 with the key resting against her chest , rema felt a sense of hope . 
 if all was lost , people would n't be treating her so kindly . 
 with hope , anything was possible . 
 when she finished eating , she crawled under the blanket . 
 the smell of straw reminded rema of home -- of being in the barn with snow and talking to him like he was a person , not a horse . 
 since she did n't have any friends , snow got an earful . 
 she remembered all those nights as a child when she could n't sleep . 
 rema used to sneak to the stables , into snow 's stall , and curl up in a ball in the corner . 
 somehow being on the straw with snow 's blanket wrapped around her always put rema to sleep . 
 darmik storming out of rema 's room , darmik leaned against the wall , panting . 
 his head pounded as he tried to process what had just happened . 
 rema was the rightful heir to the throne . 
 rema was amer . 
 bloody hell -- the answer had been right in front of him the entire time . 
 but was she the mastermind behind the rebellion ? 
 from the hall , darmik heard lennek ordering the guards to take rema to the dungeon . 
 darmik needed to move away from the door before they came out and found him standing here . 
 if rema was the leader of the rebels ... no , he could n't think about that right now . 
 fire raged inside of him . 
 had she been using him this entire time ? 
 darmik was going to hurt someone if he did n't blow off some steam . 
 he pushed away from the wall and sprinted to the army 's archery range . 
 no one was about since it was getting late . 
 practice weapons lined the back wall . 
 grabbing a quiver , he filled it with arrows and put it on his back . 
 then darmik found a decent bow . 
 picking one of the center lanes , he lined up , standing fifty feet from the target . 
 after putting on his bracer , he grabbed an arrow and nocked it . 
 raising the bow , darmik aimed , and then released the string . 
 he missed the center of the target by a couple of inches . 
 darmik could n't remember the last time he missed . 
 he pulled another arrow from the quiver , nocked it , and released . 
 again , he missed . 
 then he imagined rema standing at the end of his lane , laughing at him . 
 he took another arrow and nocked it . 
 this time he hit the target dead center . 
 after all of his arrows were gone , he felt no better than when he first arrived . 
 his mind could n't escape rema and her betrayal . 
 when he was kissing her , he wanted nothing more than to protect and love her . 
 he had even been willing to defend her from his brother and father . 
 but when darmik saw the tattoo and realized who she was , he felt betrayed and ashamed . 
 how could he have been out maneuvered ? 
 he thought he knew and understood rema , but he had been gravely mistaken . 
 what he had once mistook for a feisty personality and tenaciousness , he now saw for what it was -- arrogance and pride . 
 his hands clenched into fists around the bow and his jaw locked . 
 darmik needed to control his hurt , anger , and rage . 
 so he had fallen for her act , but at least he knew better now . 
 and it would never happen again . 
 he collected the arrows from the target . 
 rema most likely would be executed , ending the royal line for good . 
 that made his job easier . 
 he no longer had to find the mysterious heir , for here she was , right in front of him . 
 darmik spun and smashed his fist into the wall behind the target . 
 rema deserved what she got . 
 but was it an insane coincidence that lennek chose to marry rema ? 
 or was it an elaborate plot to regain the throne ? 
 the chances were too slim that it was all an accident , especially in conjunction with the rumors circulating . 
 the plan must have been for her to catch lennek 's attention , get him to marry her , and then she 'd have the crown without bloodshed . 
 it was genius , really . 
 but if that was the plan , then what was all of that stuff between rema and darmik ? 
 a backup plan ? 
 or did she really have feelings for him ? 
 darmik did n't know , nor did he care . 
 he wiped his bleeding knuckles on his pants and returned the equipment . 
 even though rema was locked in the dungeon , there was still a lot to be done to maintain control over the kingdom and quash the remaining rebels . 
 darmik headed toward the command wing . 
 but why was rema still playing the part ? 
 why did n't she come out and reveal her true identity ? 
 perhaps she thought being rema , an ordinary merchant girl , would garner her more sympathy , and she could avoid being executed . 
 she had to be frightened knowing death awaited her . 
 darmik shook his head . 
 `` prince darmik . '' 
 arnek slid from the shadows . 
 darmik had always hated this steward and his high-pitched annoying voice . 
 `` king barjon requests your presence . 
 now . '' 
 darmik moved past arnek . 
 `` he said if you do n't come immediately , he 'll send the army for you . '' 
 laughing , darmik spun around . 
 `` i am the army . '' 
 arnek opened his mouth to say something , but darmik silenced him with a glare . 
 `` tell my father i 'm on my way . '' 
 the king presumably wanted to know what part darmik played in this mess . 
 lennek probably went to father and cried about darmik ruining his plans . 
 little did lennek know how deadly the marriage would 've been . 
 darmik went to the king 's study , where he found him standing before a portrait of himself , a small fire glowing in the hearth . 
 `` you had to do it , did n't you ? '' 
 the king said as he clasped his hands behind his back , absorbed with the painting . 
 `` lennek deserves happiness . 
 but you had to go and steal his future wife from him . '' 
 king barjon twisted around to face darmik . 
 `` do you have any idea what you 've done ? '' 
 the king cracked his knuckles . 
 shaking his head in disgust , he continued , `` no , of course you do n't . 
 you have never understood how to be a part of this family . 
 all you care about is yourself . 
 you never think of others . '' 
 darmik bit the inside of his cheek to keep from speaking . 
 how could his father accuse him of such a thing ? 
 all darmik ever cared about was this family 's honor and protecting it . 
 why else would he go around killing for the king , sacrificing his own wants and desires ? 
 the king moved to his desk , his hand hovering above a whip . 
 darmik knew there was no point defending himself . 
 after everything he 'd done for his father , the king still did n't appreciate any of it . 
 nor did he understand his son . 
 `` obviously we ca n't have people finding out that you betrayed your own family . 
 after all , you 're still commander of my army . '' 
 darmik needed to get out of this room , out of the castle , and away from king 's city . 
 clearing his throat , he said , `` i 'm sorry you perceive the situation in such a manner . 
 your orders , your majesty ? '' 
 instead of dismissing him as he 'd hoped , the king continued , `` we 'll keep your behavior quiet . 
 i do n't want anyone to know what took place today . '' 
 the king moved to the window , away from the whip and darmik . 
 `` lennek , of course , wants you reprimanded , and he wants rema publically executed . '' 
 darmik shook his head . 
 his brother was a piece of work . 
 `` i ca n't publically whip my own son . 
 i need my army strong right now , and i want you out there leading it . '' 
 he spun around to face darmik . 
 `` so i 've reached an arrangement with your brother . 
 frankly , i 'm glad the whore is going to be executed . 
 i never understood lennek 's obsession with her . 
 we can find a docile commoner , one that 's easier to control . 
 as for you , you 'll be whipped privately . 
 then you 'll return to the army where you will remain . 
 understood ? '' 
 `` yes , father , '' darmik replied . 
 `` can i leave tomorrow ? '' 
 the king sat on a high-backed leather chair and sighed . 
 `` no , i ca n't have you rushing off just yet . 
 i need you to stay here until after the execution . 
 that way we can appear unified , and you can make sure the riots in other regions do n't spill into the city walls . '' 
 `` of course , your majesty . '' 
 darmik did n't care about being whipped , it had happened often enough in the past . 
 eye on the prize -- he was leaving soon . 
 `` the governors are all complaining about the increasing violence of the rebels . 
 these churls are claiming that an heir is alive . 
 ridiculous . 
 you 'll need to take care of these insolent fools . '' 
 which is what darmik had been trying to do all along , and he would be doing right now if he was n't here to appease lennek . 
 `` father , who told you the royal family did n't tattoo their children until their first birthday ? '' 
 `` does it matter ? '' 
 the king asked . 
 `` it was a reliable source . 
 besides , i 've shown you all my evidence . '' 
 `` yes , but i 'm curious . 
 and i want to verify everything . 
 just in case . '' 
 `` obviously the rumors are n't true . '' 
 the king stood and put his cape on . 
 `` but if you must know , it was that crazy old man , trell . 
 he 's the only other person that even knows about the tattoos . '' 
 it felt like someone had thrown a bucket of water on him . 
 trell ? 
 the door banged open , and lennek rushed in . 
 he unhooked his cape and threw it over the chair . 
 `` you , '' he pointed at darmik . 
 `` calm down and stop being so melodramatic , '' the king ordered . 
 `` but father , '' lennek began . 
 the king raised his hand . 
 `` the whip is on my desk . 
 darmik gets ten lashings here in my study . 
 no one is to know . '' 
 lennek 's greedy eyes narrowed as they settled on the coiled whip . 
 of course lennek was going to be the one to whip him . 
 that would definitely make him happy . 
 `` darmik , '' the king said . 
 `` you 'll receive your punishment for your actions and then help prepare for the execution . 
 after that , you are to leave . 
 i do n't want to see you back here anytime soon . '' 
 `` yes , your majesty . '' 
 darmik felt like a dog . 
 he was useful at commanding the army but that was it . 
 otherwise , he was a nail in his father 's boot . 
 king barjon gave lennek a measured stare , and then walked from the room . 
 even in charge of the army , darmik was still at the mercy of the king . 
 the king sentenced and executed civilians without so much as lifting a finger or understanding the consequences , and darmik was the one to carry it out . 
 he was sick of killing their own people . 
 no wonder everyone was rebelling , clinging to the idea of an heir . 
 anything was better than this monster of a man . 
 king barjon had made it easy for rema , or amer , to slip right in . 
 he was practically handing the kingdom over to her . 
 once she was executed and the rebel leaders caught , the movement would die down . 
 but then what ? 
 the crack of the whip sliced through the air along with lennek 's laugh . 
 `` over here , brother . 
 remove your tunic and undershirt . 
 then rest your hands on the desk . '' 
 lennek ran his fingers over the leather whip , a malicious gleam to his eyes . 
 darmik did as instructed , his anger scarcely under control . 
 he arched his bare back , covered with scars , ready for the first lashing . 
 `` does it make you feel better ? '' 
 darmik asked . 
 `` beating up on your younger brother ? 
 what would mother say if she were still alive today ? '' 
 there was a hissing noise and then the whip hit dead center on darmik 's back , tearing his skin . 
 `` one , '' lennek yelled . 
 he lifted his arm , inhaled , and slammed the whip down again . 
 `` two ! '' 
 the hatred in lennek 's voice oozed . 
 darmik prepared for the third lashing . 
 he refused to scream as the whip came down again , and again , tearing his skin to shreds . 
 he clutched onto the edge of the desk , digging his nails into the wood . 
 by the eighth lashing , his voice came out in a low grunt . 
 blood slid down the sides of his back and dripped onto the floor . 
 with the tenth hit , darmik 's legs buckled . 
 he forced himself to stand back up . 
 lennek kicked darmik 's tunic toward him . 
 `` get dressed , '' he sneered . 
 `` i think i 'll keep this . '' 
 lennek held up the whip , now dripping with blood . 
 `` maybe i can use it around rema 's neck . 
 i ca n't wait to see her body dangle . '' 
 he spat at darmik 's feet and left the room . 
 darmik 's head spun . 
 he needed to sit down and have his wounds dressed . 
 since no one was to know about the whipping , he 'd have to make it to the military compound alone , and then find neco . 
 he grabbed the water pitcher and drank . 
 his vision swam . 
 darmik needed to get moving and stop the bleeding before he passed out . 
 throwing on his shirt , the fabric stuck to his back . 
 he stumbled out of the room and headed toward the compound . 
 he could n't imagine rema treating anyone , not even her enemy , in such a vulgar manner . 
 visions of her giving children food flashed before him . 
 would she make a better leader ? 
 probably . 
 did that give her the right to rule ? 
 darmik remembered seeing the little girl starving , holding her dead mother 's hand . 
 he recalled his promise to trell not to kill any more people . 
 he remembered trell tapping his chest , telling darmik that the answer lies within . 
 darmik thought of the image of rema standing before the window with the key strung on a necklace lying against her chest . 
 the answer lies within . 
 darmik stumbled and fell against neco 's door . 
 rema when rema woke up , she had no idea if it was day or night . 
 a man stood on the other side of her cell bars holding a torch . 
 instead of palace livery , he wore the king 's army uniform . 
 a sword was strapped to his waist . 
 `` good morning , '' he said , bowing slightly . 
 rema sat up , rubbing her eyes . 
 `` you 've been scheduled for sentencing . '' 
 his deep , throaty voice echoed off the walls . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 rema asked , pulling the wool blanket tight around her shoulders . 
 his lips formed a straight line , his face grim . 
 `` since you 're being held for treason , you 'll appear before king barjon , prince lennek , commander darmik , and a group of high-ranking nobles . 
 they 'll hear the evidence and then sentence you . '' 
 she was going to be hanged . 
 bile rose in the back of her throat , and her eyes stung with tears . 
 her only hope was that prince lennek would leave her aunt maya and uncle kar alone . 
 rema prayed lennek would be satisfied with her execution and forget all about them . 
 `` will i get a chance to speak ? 
 to defend myself ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` no . '' 
 it really did n't matter anyway . 
 the trial was just a show to give the illusion of fairness . 
 the soldier unlocked the door and pushed it open . 
 rema stood . 
 her white dress was spotted with dungeon filth and wrinkled from sleeping in it . 
 her hair was knotted , sticking out in all directions . 
 `` is there any way i can change into something else ? '' 
 she did not want to plead for her life dressed as a beggar . 
 the soldier shifted his body weight and bit his bottom lip . 
 she knew the answer was no . 
 `` fine , let 's just get this over with , '' she said , exiting her cell . 
 he had manacles hooked on his belt , but he did n't move to put them on her . 
 she saw two dungeon guards waiting a little ways down the hall . 
 they also held torches , their shadows bouncing off the walls . 
 rema followed the guards , the soldier directly behind her . 
 his sword clinked against the manacles while he walked . 
 traveling through the maze of hallways with more light this time , rema caught glimpses of the other cells . 
 most were similar to hers . 
 a voice screamed in the distance -- a tortured soul shouting out in pain . 
 rema refused to think about it being uncle kar . 
 if lennek planed on torturing kar , he would do it in front of her , making her watch . 
 rema did n't realize she was crying until teardrops trickled down her cheeks . 
 she wiped them away , her hands shaking . 
 they started climbing stone stairs . 
 `` careful now , '' one of the dungeon guards said . 
 `` do n't bang your knees . '' 
 when they finally reached the top , the hunched man stood dangling his key ring . 
 he unlatched the heavy metal door and opened it up . 
 light poured into the hall . 
 rema raised her hands , shielding her eyes . 
 the soldier took rema 's arm , leading her past the dungeon guards and onto the main level of the castle . 
 two castle guards stood , waiting for them . 
 `` use the servants ' corridors , '' the soldier instructed the guards . 
 then to rema , he mumbled , `` it 's not as bright , less windows . '' 
 she nodded , her hand still covering her eyes . 
 the guards led rema through the hallways , and her eyes gradually adjusted . 
 when they turned into a deserted corridor , the soldier said , `` there will be a detour . '' 
 one of the guards looked back with raised eyebrows . 
 `` we need to stop at the servants ' quarters . '' 
 the guard nodded , and they turned down another hallway . 
 after several twists and turns , the two guards stopped before a door , stepping to either side of it . 
 the soldier entered , pulling rema in behind him . 
 the room was empty . 
 beds lined each wall all covered with brown , linen sheets . 
 this must be the servants ' quarters . 
 rema wondered why this soldier had brought her here . 
 the door latched shut behind her . 
 rema turned and saw that the guards had remained outside in the hall . 
 as the soldier walked past her , she flinched . 
 he moved to the beds where he knelt down , searching under them . 
 rema scanned the room , looking for something she could use as a weapon . 
 `` here you go , '' he said , standing . 
 the soldier held up a dark brown , long-sleeved , floor-length dress . 
 rema owned one very similar to it -- a good , sturdy market dress . 
 rema felt ashamed for having feared he would hurt her . 
 `` wo n't the owner mind ? '' 
 rema asked , taking the dress from him . 
 `` no , '' he replied . 
 `` she 'll be happy to know she helped . '' 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 rema asked . 
 the soldier stared at her . 
 she did n't think he was going to answer when he surprised her by saying , `` greger . '' 
 he turned his back and rema quickly changed , thankful she did n't have to wear her filthy nightdress in front of the court . 
 the dress was a little short , but rema did n't mind . 
 she felt comfortable , more like herself -- a horse merchant 's niece . 
 greger also found boots and stockings under another bed . 
 she pulled her hair back and braided the knotty mess . 
 `` are you ready ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` as much as i can be , '' rema replied . 
 `` and thank you . 
 your kindness is appreciated . '' 
 she had no idea why he was helping her . 
 after all , she was nobody and could never repay him for his generosity . 
 greger did n't meet her eyes . 
 instead , he looked somewhere behind her . 
 he sighed and said , `` when you go before the court , '' there was an urgency to his voice , `` hold your head high . 
 always remember who you are . '' 
 rema knew she was capable of maintaining her composure . 
 she was n't going to get a fair trial anyway , so she might as well go out with her dignity still intact . 
 she would n't allow lennek to break her or see her suffer . 
 the soldier 's hand slipped around rema 's arm . 
 he led her back out into the hallway where the two guards stood , waiting . 
 they all continued to the other side of the castle . 
 they stopped before two massive doors carved with a crown . 
 `` i 'm sorry about this , '' greger whispered . 
 he delicately took rema 's hands and locked the manacles on her wrists . 
 rema inhaled a large breath and slowly let it out , trying to remain calm . 
 whatever happened to her did n't matter , as long as she protected her aunt and uncle . 
 and rema would sacrifice herself for them if she needed to . 
 the guards opened the doors and greger , with one hand on the hilt of his sword and the other on rema , entered . 
 the room was packed with people standing close together . 
 the only empty space was the walkway dead center in the room , going from the doors straight to the dais where the royal family sat . 
 king barjon was in a large , high-backed chair . 
 he wore his crown and royal cape , looking very much the part . 
 prince lennek and prince darmik sat beside the king , their chairs smaller and lower than his . 
 the brothers wore their crowns and royal robes as well . 
 this was the first time rema had ever seen darmik wearing a crown . 
 it appeared to have flames etched in the gold , with sapphires gleaming at the point of the flames . 
 the crown matched his tattoos . 
 off the dais , but in front of the crowd , were two benches with about a dozen people sitting on them . 
 these had to be the high-ranking nobles . 
 the rest of the room was standing room only for all the courtiers and wealthy landowners . 
 the room was loud with everyone talking at once . 
 a lady near rema exclaimed , `` she 's here ! '' 
 a hush settled throughout the room as everyone turned to stare . 
 remembering what greger had said , rema squared her shoulders , held her head high , and proudly walked down the center of the room . 
 she refused to be intimidated by the power and wealth of everyone . 
 about twenty feet away from the king , a soldier standing near the front of the room ordered them to stop . 
 greger 's hand tightened , and she stood with him in the middle of the room . 
 rema refused to make eye contact with the people near her , not wanting to see their looks of disgust at her appearance . 
 she pretended as if none of them existed and focused on the dais instead . 
 the corners of lennek 's mouth were twitching , like he was trying not to smirk . 
 there was also a spark to his eyes , as if he enjoyed seeing her hands bound , standing before him on trial . 
 darmik , on the other hand , looked furious . 
 why did n't he stand up for her ? 
 he had the power to help her , did n't he ? 
 darmik sat slightly forward , his eyes dark , narrowing at the sight of her . 
 that 's when she realized he was upset with her . 
 what had she done to make him look at her with such hatred ? 
 her eyes began to tear up , so she glanced at the king . 
 king barjon , as usual , seemed bored . 
 his fingers casually strummed the arm of the chair . 
 his attention was on nothing in particular until he noticed her watching him . 
 then his eyes raked over her body , and he shook his head in revulsion . 
 rema forced her attention to the fabric hanging on the wall behind him . 
 she would not cry in front of these people . 
 `` rema , '' the king 's steward bellowed . 
 `` you are hereby charged with treason for plotting against the crown . '' 
 a soft murmur rippled around the room . 
 people turned to one another and rema caught words like `` treason '' and `` shocking '' being whispered . 
 the king raised his hand and everyone quieted down , their focus back on the dais . 
 the steward continued , `` how do you plead ? '' 
 rema felt heat prickle throughout her body . 
 this was it -- her trial . 
 everyone was staring at her , waiting for her answer . 
 prince lennek smiled , probably already picturing her execution . 
 then rema remembered that this man was responsible for everything -- bren 's murder , threatening her aunt and uncle , and bringing her here . 
 it was his fault , and yet , there he sat as content as he could be with no consequences for his actions . 
 she must have taken a step forward because greger squeezed her arm . 
 the steward cleared his throat . 
 `` your plea , '' he demanded . 
 `` not guilty , '' rema answered in a loud , clear voice , surprising herself . 
 the steward was about to speak when she said , `` is this a joke ? '' 
 with as much venom as she could muster . 
 a flicker of anger flashed across the king 's face so fast that rema almost missed it . 
 he nodded to greger , who hit the back of her legs with the flat blade of his sword . 
 rema yelped , falling to her knees . 
 the crowd murmured , but rema refused to look at anyone . 
 she did n't want to see them enjoying her pain . 
 `` stay down , '' greger whispered . 
 prince lennek stood . 
 silence fell throughout the room . 
 the steward announced , `` the evidence will now be presented . '' 
 lennek walked to the edge of the dais , his boots tapping on the marble . 
 he covered his face for a moment with his hand , and then adjusted his crown atop his head . 
 clearing his throat , he said , `` i loved rema and wanted to marry her . '' 
 he made eye contact with the crowd , as if pleading his case to everyone personally . 
 `` i thought she would make a good queen . 
 i had no idea she was using me to get the crown . 
 and look how close she got . '' 
 lennek pointed at rema . 
 he was a very good actor . 
 it actually sounded like he was in pain . 
 wiping his eyes , he continued , `` i found her ... with another man . '' 
 he contorted his face like he had been kicked by a horse . 
 `` liar ! '' 
 rema seethed , but no one heard her because the crowd had erupted , everyone talking at once . 
 people said things like , `` how can that be ? '' 
 and `` the poor prince ! '' 
 and even , `` this is terrible . '' 
 did lennek really have all these people fooled ? 
 the prince went back to his seat . 
 still on her knees , rema risked a glance at the people around her . 
 there was a man to her right who said , `` long live the king , '' but when he saw rema watching him , he gave her a small smile and a nod of encouragement . 
 what was going on ? 
 darmik lifted his hand . 
 everyone stopped talking and focused their attention on him . 
 darmik 's eyes scanned the room , but he had that blank expression rema hated . 
 `` all that prince lennek says is true . 
 i was there . '' 
 his voice echoed throughout the room . 
 it felt like someone had kicked rema in the stomach , and she could n't get enough air to breathe . 
 while the king and lennek watched rema , darmik 's focus was on the people . 
 leaning forward in his chair , he scanned the crowd again , looking for something . 
 rema glanced at the people around her . 
 no one spoke a word . 
 the couple to her left was staring at one another , the lady 's eyebrows bent inward . 
 her husband shook his head slightly . 
 darmik continued , `` she is after the crown and will do anything to obtain it . 
 rema has misled this family , and she needs to be punished for her actions . '' 
 rema 's heart ached and tears filled her eyes . 
 darmik 's betrayal hurt more than she thought possible . 
 she had assumed darmik hated lennek 's games and cruelty . 
 how mistaken she was about him . 
 he was n't the man she thought he was . 
 king barjon spoke for the first time . 
 `` how do the nobles find her ? '' 
 although his face was blank , revealing no emotion , rema could tell he found all this amusing by the tone of his voice and the gleam in his eyes . 
 there was some talking amongst the people on the benches . 
 then the man on the end stood . 
 `` your majesty , we side with prince lennek . 
 she is guilty . '' 
 `` prince darmik ? '' 
 the king asked . 
 `` guilty , '' he answered . 
 the word echoed in the room , the weight of it pressing on rema . 
 this was absurd . 
 this could not be happening . 
 rema brought her bound hands to her mouth , suppressing a cry . 
 darmik must not have ever loved her . 
 what kind of sick game were the brothers playing ? 
 `` prince lennek ? '' 
 king barjon asked . 
 `` i too , find rema guilty . '' 
 she felt everyone 's wide eyes staring down at her . 
 they whispered to one another , but rema could n't make out individual words . 
 her legs were going numb and her hands were tingly , like she was about to pass out . 
 greger pulled rema to her feet . 
 `` remember , '' he whispered , `` hold your head high . '' 
 rema 's thoughts drifted to bren , aunt maya , and uncle kar . 
 how could she be found guilty when lennek was the one destroying people 's lives for his own enjoyment ? 
 rema 's face burned , rage building inside of her . 
 she wanted to strangle prince lennek -- wanted to watch the life drain out of this vengeful , hateful man who did n't deserve to live , let alone rule a kingdom . 
 `` since prince lennek has suffered , '' the king announced , `` he will hand down rema 's punishment . '' 
 lennek stood once again . 
 he paced the dais back and forth , appearing deep in thought . 
 his cape trailed behind him , and everyone leaned forward , awaiting his decision . 
 `` treason warrants death , '' prince lennek finally said . 
 he stopped walking and faced the crowd . 
 `` the law is the law . 
 i hereby order rema 's execution . '' 
 the room exploded with gasps of astonishment . 
 rema 's head swam . 
 executed ? 
 for kissing darmik ? 
 even though she had known it would come to this , hearing it said aloud solidified it . 
 she was going to die . 
 `` you monster ! '' 
 rema screamed at lennek . 
 everyone stopped talking and focused on rema . 
 `` you killed bren , threatened my family , forced me to come here and accept your proposal . 
 i 've always hated you , and now you punish me for not loving you ? '' 
 `` get this trash out of here ! '' 
 prince lennek yelled . 
 king barjon placed his hand on lennek 's arm . 
 darmik looked confused . 
 at least that was something . 
 greger slipped his hand gently under rema 's elbow . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 `` you 're the murderer -- the one who deserves to die ! '' 
 rema screamed , having nothing to lose . 
 then she spun and glided out of the room with greger trailing behind her . 
 by the time she reached the end of the aisle , her heart slammed in her chest and her body shook . 
 breathing became difficult . 
 the guards led her back through a series of hallways . 
 when they turned the corner before the entrance to the dungeon , they ran into prince lennek . 
 he stood in the middle of the corridor , blocking their way . 
 greger 's hand tightened around her arm . 
 `` i 'm not having you executed because you do n't love me , '' prince lennek said , seething with anger . 
 the royal tattoos covering his neck were tinged red , making the knife-like markings appear like they had a hint of blood on them . 
 he crossed his arms and growled . 
 `` that 's irrelevant . 
 i 'm having you killed to prove to darmik that i always win . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` i do n't want you to think that you 've hurt me in any way . 
 i do n't care about you at all . 
 actually , it will be fun watching your body dangle . '' 
 he spun and strolled away , his cape flowing behind him . 
 rema imagined riding snow over lennek 's body until his bones broke and his blood pooled around him . 
 `` please tell me i 'm not going to be executed right now . '' 
 rema grabbed greger 's hand and begged . 
 `` no , '' he replied . 
 `` you have a couple of days . 
 a new structure has to be built . 
 notices have to be posted . 
 there 's no point in killing you if no one 's there to witness it . '' 
 a couple of days . 
 she only had a couple of days to save her aunt and uncle . 
 she had no idea how to get a message to them . 
 `` i need a favor , '' she whispered . 
 `` my aunt and uncle . '' 
 `` shh . '' 
 he placed his hand on top of hers and squeezed . 
 when the guard banged on the door to the dungeon , greger replied , `` later . 
 do n't say anything now . '' 
 **** greger stood with ellie outside of rema 's cell . 
 `` two minutes , '' he said in a low voice , unlocking the door . 
 ellie slipped something into his hand , and he discreetly put it in his pocket . 
 ellie entered and handed rema a tray of food . 
 `` word was sent to maya and kar the day you were arrested . 
 i already took care of it , '' ellie said , talking fast . 
 `` how ? '' 
 rema asked . 
 `` what did you tell them ? '' 
 `` i ca n't tell you how . 
 but i told them everything . 
 i figured the outcome would n't be good . 
 i made sure they understood their lives are in jeopardy . 
 i do n't want you worrying about them . '' 
 easier said than done . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 rema set the tray down and hugged ellie . 
 `` there 's something i need to tell you , and i have n't got much time . '' 
 ellie 's eyes were wide , and she fidgeted with her hands . 
 rema pulled her down to the straw mattress . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 rema asked , hoping ellie did n't get in trouble for sneaking her food . 
 `` it 's about your necklace , '' ellie whispered . 
 rema felt the key safe against her chest . 
 `` go on . '' 
 `` i started to ask around to see if anyone knew about a man named mako . 
 most people had no idea what i was talking about . 
 but there was one , an older man that once knew of a great person by that name . 
 he said mako was a great warrior and commander of the old king 's army . '' 
 `` the old king ? '' 
 rema had no idea what any of this had to do with her . 
 `` the one that was overthrown . '' 
 ellie bit her lip . 
 `` is mako still alive ? '' 
 rema asked . 
 `` nobody knows . 
 but that 's not all of it . 
 since mako 's name was written backwards , i went ahead and took your -- '' `` time 's up , '' greger said . 
 `` they 're patrolling this hallway . '' 
 he waved ellie over . 
 she jumped up , the sound of footsteps getting louder . 
 ellie slipped out of the cell , greger shut and locked it , then they sprinted down the hallway in the opposite direction of the noise . 
 darmik the soldier escorted rema out of the throne room with her head held high as she glided down the aisle , like a princess . 
 lennek jumped out of his chair and flew out the back entrance , his face murderous . 
 `` ah , that boy , '' king barjon mumbled . 
 `` he needs not to take things so personally . 
 i wish he would just leave that whore alone . '' 
 the king stood . 
 everyone was talking with their hands in front of their mouths . 
 darmik knew the nobles were gossiping about the verdict . 
 the people at court always appeared to worship the ground king barjon and prince lennek walked on . 
 this was the first time darmik had seen them trying to hide their hostility toward the royal family . 
 if the wealthy families joined with the rebels , darmik would have a serious problem on his hands . 
 standing , darmik followed his father down the center aisle and out of the room . 
 there was a lot of work to do . 
 the trial had taken up most of darmik 's morning . 
 he needed to get to his office to meet with his advisors . 
 going down a corridor , he entered the tunnels and made it to the military compound unnoticed . 
 watching rema today was difficult . 
 she looked similar to the first time he had seen her -- plain clothes that only enhanced her natural beauty , and there was an aura of fierce determination to her . 
 but there was also that ugly black bruise on her cheek . 
 either lennek or one of the dungeon guards must 've hit her . 
 darmik felt an intense desire to protect her , but he needed to shove that feeling aside . 
 rema ... amer . 
 how did he not see it before ? 
 he considered himself an intelligent man . 
 darmik should have noticed rema was amer spelled backwards . 
 another clue was her identification band . 
 the leather strap indicated her name was tabitha . 
 when she had told him she went by the nickname rema , he should have known something was wrong . 
 when he checked the kingdom 's birth records last night for people born seventeen years ago with the name tabitha , the only one he came across was commander mako 's baby daughter . 
 rema must have been smuggled out of the castle and given the false identity to use . 
 so did commander mako escape as well ? 
 and if so , where was he ? 
 there had been no trace of him since the invasion , and he had been presumed dead . 
 darmik did not understand rema . 
 the way she acted today at the trial made her appear innocent . 
 was she really that good of an actress ? 
 because she had to know her true identity . 
 she could n't possibly be innocent of everything -- a pawn in a political game she did n't even know she was playing . 
 darmik could n't afford to be pulled back in to another one of her deceptions . 
 but , what if ... no , he could n't entertain such thoughts . 
 entering the military compound , darmik went straight to neco 's quarters . 
 he found his friend sitting at a small desk , studying a map of telan . 
 darmik sat on the bed , glad neco was itching to leave king 's city . 
 `` you still believe the rebel base camp is somewhere near the middle mountains ? '' 
 neco asked . 
 `` i do , but i do n't want that information disclosed . 
 i 'm going undercover . '' 
 neco smiled . 
 `` i 'm listening . '' 
 `` i 'm going to infiltrate the rebel 's base camp and discover their plans . '' 
 neco snorted . 
 `` and here i thought you had a real plan . '' 
 `` i do . '' 
 `` what about the riots ? '' 
 `` i 'm putting captain phellek in charge of them . 
 i intend to use rema as bait . 
 she 's going to lead me straight to the heart of the rebel 's operation . '' 
 `` you do know she 's been sentenced for execution . '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` prince lennek has already ordered a crew of men to build the gallows for her hanging . '' 
 neco put the map down and focused on darmik . 
 `` the prince wants a large crowd to witness the execution . 
 besides , what does rema have to do with the rebels ? '' 
 neco was fishing for information . 
 ever since their ride to the forest with rema , neco suspected something was going on between them , although he would never come out and directly ask . 
 they might be friends , but rank always came first . 
 darmik was n't ready to reveal rema 's true identity . 
 since rema was the leader of the rebels , once news that she was scheduled for execution spread , a rescue attempt would be planned . 
 the tricky part would be allowing the rebels to rescue her without it appearing like darmik was letting them do so . 
 then all he had to do was follow them . 
 neco leaned back in his chair . 
 `` people in the city are getting all riled up , '' he said . 
 `` word is spreading quickly . 
 if people are behaving badly here , i can only imagine how the rest of the kingdom is responding . '' 
 `` king 's city is rioting ? '' 
 darmik asked . 
 he had never seen riots in this city before . 
 neco replied , `` not officially , but there are people out on the streets . 
 some are even making speeches . '' 
 `` but the rumors have n't spread here . 
 so why are people upset ? '' 
 king 's city was used to dealing with lennek and his cruelty . 
 why was it any different now ? 
 `` the people love rema because she 's one of them . 
 she was a promise for a better life . '' 
 interesting , darmik thought , since that was exactly what lennek and the king had wanted . 
 `` they 're mad at prince lennek , '' neco continued . 
 `` they think he got bored with her or decided that she was n't good enough , so he 's falsely accused her . '' 
 neco raised his eyebrows , giving darmik the opportunity to talk if he wanted to -- which he did n't , and neco was too intuitive , notice more than darmik intended . 
 `` our security detail will have to be two-fold , '' darmik declared . 
 he needed to focus on his job and commanding the army -- not talking with a friend . 
 `` we 'll need to prepare for a rioting crowd , and a possible rescue attempt . '' 
 `` a rescue attempt ? '' 
 neco asked . 
 `` that would be a suicide mission . '' 
 `` you can guarantee it . '' 
 **** lennek was waiting for darmik in his bedchamber , sprawled out on the settee like he did n't have a care in the world . 
 darmik was exhausted and not in the mood to deal with lennek at the moment . 
 his entire life had been one battle after another with his brother . 
 they were constantly at odds , and darmik was tired of defending someone unworthy to rule . 
 he could n't believe he acknowledged the treasonous thought . 
 but darmik 's duty was to the people , and if he was going to protect the kingdom from destroying itself , he had to discover rema 's true intentions . 
 did she plan to take back the kingdom ? 
 and if so , did she have a right to do so ? 
 would she make a better ruler ? 
 would she help and protect the people of greenwood island instead of taxing and starving them ? 
 `` you look like death , '' lennek said . 
 there was an open bottle and a pewter mug next to it on the side table . 
 the room smelled of strong ale . 
 `` thanks , brother . 
 i 've been out doing surveillance , planning security for the execution . '' 
 darmik had spent the afternoon with his private guard riding throughout the land surrounding king 's city . 
 if a rescue attempt was planned , darmik would have to be one step ahead of the rebels . 
 he scouted out areas where men would likely camp and enter the city . 
 darmik planned several of his own rescue attempts in order to determine various strategies and how best to deal with each one . 
 but the key was not to scare the rescuers off or lose them . 
 the goal was to capture and arrest as many of the rebels as possible . 
 darmik 's security detail needed to appear loose and relaxed , when in fact , he would have an entire company hiding in the surrounding land just waiting to pounce . 
 and in the middle of the chaos , rema needed to escape , and darmik had to be able to track her , right to the rebel 's base camp . 
 lennek laughed . 
 `` we wo n't need additional security . 
 she 's just some horse merchant 's niece . 
 no one cares about her . '' 
 darmik sat on a chair and pulled off his muddy riding boots . 
 leaning forward , he stretched his back that was still recovering . 
 one of the wounds tore open . 
 he gritted his teeth , not wanting lennek to see him in pain . 
 `` have you been out of the castle ? '' 
 darmik asked . 
 lennek looked at him with disgust . 
 `` of course not . 
 why would i do such a thing ? '' 
 he emptied the bottle in his mug . 
 how long had his brother been sitting here waiting for him ? 
 and why ? 
 `` then you 'd know your subjects are furious with you , '' darmik replied . 
 lennek turned a shade whiter , and darmik could n't help but inwardly smile . 
 `` tell me , '' lennek said leaning back , `` did you go after rema to get to me ? 
 because it did n't work . '' 
 `` actually , she went after me . '' 
 a flash of anger flew across lennek 's face , and then his amused look returned . 
 he was very good at masking his emotions when he wanted to . 
 `` if you got a little now and then , you would n't have been so easily fooled , '' lennek laughed . 
 darmik wanted to punch the smirk off lennek 's face . 
 he took another sip of ale . 
 `` did you and she ever -- ? '' 
 `` no , '' darmik said . 
 `` huh , '' lennek grinned . 
 `` be glad you did n't waste your time . 
 she was n't very good . '' 
 he finished his drink and slammed the mug down on the table . 
 they sat staring at one another until darmik finally looked away . 
 he felt the blood from his wound soaking through his tunic . 
 rema had slept with lennek ? 
 if rema was playing the part , she very well could have slept with his brother . 
 but if lennek was just trying to get a rise out of darmik , then perhaps she was innocent . 
 there was something behind lennek 's eyes that made darmik realize lennek might be lying . 
 not that it mattered , but the thought of lennek 's hands on rema , and that she had willingly gave herself to him , made darmik angrier than he ever thought possible . 
 but that 's probably what lennek wanted to see , so darmik forced his emotions under control . 
 still , one minute he wanted to yell at rema , and the next he wanted to kiss her . 
 he could feel her betrayal just as easily as her soft lips against his . 
 he had never loved someone and hated them at the same time . 
 she was driving him insane , and he had to figure out her involvement in this mess . 
 **** `` commander , '' neco knocked outside darmik 's office . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 darmik answered . 
 `` it 's almost noon . 
 your horse is ready . '' 
 the time rema was scheduled to die . 
 one way or the other , rema would cease to exist today . 
 once rescued , she would assume her true identity as amer . 
 but what if the rebels did n't come for her ? 
 what if she did n't know her real identity ? 
 could darmik allow , and watch , rema die ? 
 no , he was confident she would be rescued . 
 darmik stood , strapped his sword to his waist , and put on his cape . 
 yesterday darmik had moved his men into position . 
 he stationed two platoons outside the city walls . 
 they were then broken down into their units , each responsible for a different area . 
 there were men disguised as field workers and others were camouflaged and hidden in the woods . 
 a large portion of the second company roamed the streets of king 's city . 
 darmik wanted them to act as his eyes and ears . 
 if there were people in the city spreading the rumors and garnering sympathy for their cause or enlisting help for a rescue attempt , darmik wanted to know . 
 in addition , ever since rema 's sentencing , there had been a shift in the atmosphere of the city . 
 the hostility that darmik had felt in other towns for the past year was now present in king 's city . 
 he did n't need the city rioting because it could escalate to an all-out civil war . 
 and the last thing darmik wanted was a war against his own people . 
 he had promised trell there would be no more unnecessary killing , and darmik intended to honor that promise . 
 `` all right , let 's get this over with , '' darmik said . 
 hopefully , in the chaos of the recuse attempt , darmik would be able to follow rema and no one would know -- especially the king and lennek . 
 neco was responsible for capturing the rebels and leading the interrogations afterwards . 
 darmik and neco walked to the front of the military compound where their horses stood , waiting . 
 the rest of darmik 's personal squad was mounted . 
 nightsky pranced in place , uneasy . 
 darmik patted the stallion 's nose , talking in a soothing voice . 
 he mounted , raised his hand , and they were off . 
 up ahead , the castle gates were open and the street was packed with civilians pouring into the castle 's courtyard . 
 people parted as darmik and his guard rode through . 
 the mood was quiet and somber . 
 darmik had been to enough executions to know that either people would behave this way , or they would be violent and take their anger out on the soldiers present . 
 darmik hoped everyone remained quiet like this . 
 an angry mob was never easy to control , and he had enough going on that he did n't need to deal with a crowd on top of it all . 
 the courtyard was divided into different sections . 
 three on the left were reserved for the general population , one on the right for the castle workers , and the shaded section in the front was for the nobles and courtiers . 
 the balcony above was prepared for the king and prince -- although neither was present yet . 
 soldiers filtered everyone into their sections , keeping the aisle and the area in front of the gallows clear . 
 darmik led his squad to the area off to the side . 
 the spot gave him a clear view of the balcony , gallows , and the exit gates . 
 he could also easily enter the tunnel hidden thirty feet behind and to the left of their position . 
 five soldiers stood in front of the gallows , one holding a drum . 
 darmik nodded to him , and the soldier began tapping , the steady beat echoing throughout the courtyard . 
 king barjon and prince lennek walked out onto the balcony . 
 lennek gave the hand signal to a soldier below , and the soldier pulled open a door on the side of the castle . 
 rema was brought outside still wearing the brown dress darmik had last seen her in , the welt on her face covered by dirt . 
 she squinted as she was led toward the gallows , her hands bound behind her . 
 darmik remembered seeing rema run across the field at the governor 's home in jarko . 
 she had been wearing a brown dress , and her hair danced in the wind . 
 he had thought she was beautiful and wild . 
 that 's when nightsky ate from her hand . 
 if only they could go back to that moment in time and erase everything that had happened since then . 
 rema flinched with each beat of the drum . 
 darmik wondered if she did n't know about the rescue attempt because the fierce determination she usually exuded was gone . 
 for once , she looked like a terrified girl with no hint of royalty to her . 
 clutching nightsky 's reins , darmik scanned the surrounding walls . 
 nothing . 
 the beat of the drums continued to echo throughout the courtyard . 
 darmik 's heart began to race . 
 there was no sign of a rescue . 
 his hands fumbled with nightsky 's reins . 
 the soldiers dragged rema up the stairs and onto the platform . 
 her entire body was violently shaking , and she looked ready to collapse . 
 she stood next to the noose , shaking her head . 
 this was it , then . 
 where was the rescue attempt ? 
 darmik did n't think he had the strength to watch her die if he was wrong . 
 rema lying on the straw mattress in the dungeon , rema could n't help but think about her imminent death . 
 she always assumed she would die from old age or being thrown from a horse . 
 she never thought she would be executed . 
 it was all her fault . 
 if she had just been normal with brown hair and brown eyes like everyone else , she never would have attracted lennek 's attention in the first place , and none of this would have happened . 
 she would still be back home , on the horse farm , with her aunt and uncle . 
 bren would still be alive . 
 she 'd be with snow . 
 and her river . 
 and her heart would n't be broken . 
 this royal family had taken everything from her . 
 and now they were going to take her life . 
 rema 's biggest regret was the way things ended with darmik . 
 she had thought she found love , but now it seemed like it was all a sick game between the brothers . 
 if only darmik had spoken to her one last time , so she could understand . 
 did he ever love her ? 
 and she would never see aunt maya or uncle kar again . 
 she prayed they were safe . 
 that ellie 's letter reached them in time . 
 at least her death would guarantee their freedom . 
 that was one good thing about dying . 
 rema sat up on the straw mattress and wrapped the blanket tight around her shoulders . 
 facing death , knowing it was coming , had to be worse than the actual act . 
 at least , that 's what she told herself . 
 wiping the tears away did no good , for more came . 
 clutching the key around her neck , rema wished she could kiss her aunt and uncle one last time . 
 how could lennek treat life like it did n't mean anything ? 
 did he have no heart at all ? 
 rema blew her nose in the blanket . 
 footsteps echoed off the stone walls , and rema scooted in the corner of her cell . 
 two soldiers appeared with several prison guards . 
 she did n't recognize any of them . 
 the door opened and one of the soldiers entered , holding manacles . 
 rema considered fighting them , but it would do no good . 
 she was one small girl to a dozen armed men . 
 she did n't stand a chance . 
 she never did , even from the beginning . 
 rema stood on shaky legs and held out her wrists . 
 `` turn around , '' he ordered . 
 `` your hands must be bound behind you . '' 
 she did as instructed . 
 he tightened them , the heavy , cold metal digging into her skin . 
 they exited the cell . 
 when they reached the stairs , rema did n't think she had the strength to climb them . 
 a soldier wrapped his arm around her waist , helping her up the steps , shouldering most of her weight . 
 when they exited the dungeon , the bright light stung rema 's eyes . 
 she could barely see and was surprised that a few days in the dark cell did so much damage . 
 she squeezed her eyes shut , frustrated she could n't use her hands to shield the light . 
 not that it really mattered . 
 she 'd be dead soon , and she 'd never see the light of day again . 
 other than the horrible anticipation , the past week had n't been that bad . 
 the straw bed , blankets , and food helped maintain her strength . 
 rema came to realize that these were small acts of kindness from the castle guards and servants . 
 they must 've felt sorry for her and wanted to help in whatever capacity they could , or they hated prince lennek as much as she did . 
 in either case , rema was grateful to them all . 
 she just wished she could 've seen ellie one last time to say good-bye , but rema had n't seen her since the time right after the trial . 
 she prayed she was safe and not another victim of this royal family . 
 the soldiers led rema through the castle . 
 they stopped at a black door . 
 a small , round window next to the door revealed the gallows on the other side . 
 rema focused on her feet , unable to look at the wooden platform outside . 
 she had been out of the dungeon for about twenty minutes now , and her eyesight was finally getting better . 
 someone banged on the door from the other side and it swung open . 
 the beat from a drum echoed throughout the courtyard , making rema 's heart slam into her chest even harder . 
 she felt the sweat trickling down her back . 
 the two soldiers took hold of her arms , leading rema out of the room and into the courtyard . 
 thousands of people stood behind the wooden fence barrier , trying to get a glimpse at her . 
 she did n't look at anyone . 
 instead , she focused on the path leading to the raised , wooden platform . 
 when she reached the steps , she stopped . 
 there was no way she could force herself to climb them to her death . 
 the two soldiers dragged her up , her knees slamming into the stairs . 
 rema yelped in pain , tears streaming down her face . 
 at the top , rema froze . 
 dead center , a rope hung from an erected upside down `` l '' shaped piece of wood . 
 the rope swayed in the wind , the end looped in a circle . 
 a section of the floor below the rope was slightly higher than the rest of the platform . 
 that was the section that would drop away , making her feet dangle . 
 killing her . 
 the crowd was silent . 
 what type of person would want to witness a murder ? 
 the soldiers pulled her forward , out onto the gallows . 
 wood creaked with each step they took . 
 rema was now close enough to the rope to see how thick and strong it was . 
 the soldiers positioned her so she was facing the crowd . 
 the drums stopped . 
 rema glanced out to the people . 
 darmik had to be here somewhere , but she did n't see him . 
 she reminded herself to breathe because she was getting dizzy . 
 if she passed out , she was sure prince lennek would wait until she was conscious before hanging her . 
 there was no way she could go through this again . 
 prince lennek strolled onto the stage . 
 he walked straight up to rema and turned his back to the crowd . 
 `` stupid girl , '' he whispered . 
 `` i hope darmik suffers for this . '' 
 then he faced the people . 
 `` anyone who defies me shall pay , '' he bellowed . 
 lennek took the noose and put it around rema 's neck . 
 his eyes locked with hers . 
 he smiled a cold , evil smile . 
 `` you churl , '' rema said , hatred dripping from each word . 
 prince lennek tightened the noose , and she gasped for air . 
 the rough rope dug into her skin . 
 she wanted to tear the noose away from her neck , but her hands were bound behind her back . 
 panic swelled inside of her . 
 lennek left the stage . 
 rema waited for the trapdoor to drop , to feel the burn of the rope . 
 the drum beat started back up . 
 this was it then . 
 what were they waiting for ? 
 why did n't they just do it and get it over with ? 
 prince lennek walked out on the balcony high above the crowd , standing next to the king . 
 the soldiers looked to the prince for the signal . 
 rema wanted the last thing she saw to be of something beautiful . 
 scanning the crowd , she saw darmik dressed in full uniform off to the side , atop nightsky . 
 she focused on the horse -- the only connection to her home in this dreadful place . 
 as if sensing her , nightsky 's head turned toward rema . 
 she stared into his dark , knowledgeable eyes . 
 her vision blurred from her tears , but she could n't look away . 
 lennek yelled , `` now , '' his voice echoing through the courtyard . 
 the floor beneath her feet moaned as it opened up . 
 there were several odd `` whooshes '' by rema 's ear . 
 and then she fell . 
 rema 's stomach dropped . 
 she had dove from cliffs enough to know the sensation of falling . 
 this was much the same , only , instead of cool water , her body slammed into something hard . 
 there was an immense amount of pain . 
 so this is what death feels like . 
 her world went black . 
 end of book 1 first of all , a huge thank you to all of my readers . 
 your enthusiasm , support and encouragement are amazing ! 
 i 'm honored to have you not only as my fans , but as my friends . 
 my two talented critique partners , karri thompson and n.w. harris , you have both been invaluable with offering constructive criticism . 
 i do n't know where i 'd be without the two of you ! 
 to my three beautiful , rambunctious children , thank you for going through this journey with me . 
 your excitement about my characters and imaginary worlds only fuels my desire to keep on writing . 
 i have an endless amount of gratitude for my personal assistant , jamie kimok . 
 how can i ever thank you for your endless work putting together blog tours , managing my events , and keeping me on track ! 
 thank you for all of your hard work , support , and most of all , your friendship . 
 to everyone at clean teen publishing -- thank you for believing in this book and bringing it to life . 
 i would like to especially thank dyan brown , rebecca gober , marya heiman , and courtney nuckels . 
 i am proud to be a part of your team . 
 you truly are publishing ninjas ! 
 also , a special thanks to cynthia shepp for doing a fantastic job with editing . 
 there are a few other people that deserve a special thank you : melissa lynn simmons , mayra arellano , lc helder , dvora gelfond , kimi flores , and jennifer murgia . 
 your advice , support , and help mean the world to me . 
 thank you for all of your encouragement . 
 also , angelle , crystal , rebecca , debbie , lisa , and brooke -- you girls help me more than you 'll every realize ! 
 thank you for spreading the word about my books ! 
 and lastly , to my early beta readers : allison , randi , nicol , taylor , kim , kristi , emily , and kris . 
 thank you for taking the time to read and offer feedback . 
 the key would not be what it is today without you . 
 jennifer graduated from the university of san diego with a degree in english and a teaching credential . 
 afterwards , she finally married her best friend and high school sweetheart . 
 jennifer is currently a full-time writer and mother of three young children . 
 her days are spent living in imaginary worlds and fueling her own kids ' creativity . 
 visit jennifer online at www.jenniferannedavis.com . 
 seeing micah for the first time in years , fifteen year old eden wants nothing more than to run and hide , but instead in a moment of sheer embarrassment , she throws her arms around his neck ; unaware she just changed her childhood friend forever . 
 with eyes ' opened to the realm of angels and demons , micah discovers he has become the seer , called to save the world from an impending fire . 
 shy and awkward , eden stumbles through high school clueless her guardian angel shadows her every move , keeping her safe while she unknowingly `` awakens '' others to their spiritual gifts . 
 micah will need those eden touched to complete his mission which began long ago in the ancient city of enoch and its secret underground temple . 
 with angels and demons fighting around them , both eden and micah must find their own personal courage and faith in order to know what to do for the battle that awaits them , one they must triumph or risk losing everyone they love . 
 she 's broken with guilt . 
 he harbors a chilling past . 
 it 's safer if they keep their distance ... but , the echoes that linger connect them . 
 returning to hidden pines is the last thing allie collins wants to do during her final summer before college . 
 for her , the family cabin she spent her youthful summers in , now holds a dark memory that has haunted her every day for the last year . 
 while struggling to forget her past , allie runs into damien , a local rebel with secrets of his own . 
 he 's dark , dangerous and he keeps showing up when allie least expects him to . 
 she has every reason not to trust him . 
 so why does she find herself opening up to him in a way she has n't been able to with anyone ? 
 as pieces of damien 's identity emerge , answers to a rumored mystery begin to unfold . 
 by the time allie unearths the secrets of damien 's past , she realizes just how intricately they are connected . 
 now she is caught in a dangerous battle that threatens her life and those she loves . 
 guarding brecken shaefer -- a dark and dangerous rebel -- is harder than it looks . 
 death was nothing like sixteen-year-old alisa callahan thought it would be . 
 resting on pink , fluffy clouds for eternity with her gram and best friend sounded like a dream come true . 
 after all , enduring one torturous experience after another in her short life deserved some kind of reward , right ? 
 unfortunately , eternal rewards are n't given out so freely when you take your own life . 
 required to pay the debt for committing suicide , alisa must become a guardian . 
 it sounds easy enough , but not when the boy she is forced to protect has a dangerous secret and wants absolutely nothing to do with her . 
 brecken shaefer is n't any normal teenager . 
 he has special gifts that are sure to make alisa 's afterlife miserable . 
 when feelings develop between them , everything spins out of control . 
 not only must alisa face her own demons -- but to protect brecken , she must face an evil so heinous that it threatens to destroy their souls completely . 
 alisa is tired of hiding from her past . 
 when the easiest thing to do is run , can brecken give her the strength to stay ? 
