 discovering voice by krissie gault published by krissie gault at smashwords copyright 2013 krissie gault this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 table of content : chapter 1 chapter 2 chapter 3 chapter 4 chapter 5 chapter 6 about the author chapter 1 : mute gets a new class the young blond rolled over . 
 ignoring the tickling breeze that rubbed against her feet . 
 the clock on her nightstand made a sharp ping ! 
 sound every so many minutes as she kept hitting the large indigo snooze button on her alarm clock . 
 a voice on the other side of her door beckoned her to wake up , to which she replied by tapping a thin lime green metal bangle on her nightstand a few times . 
 sure she was awake , but she did n't want to be . 
 she wanted to drift back to her dream of a giant turtle and treasure hunting adventures . 
 she had to go get some ancient gem stone from some floating island that she could only get to by some strange transportation device located on the back of a giant sea turtle who spoke like an islander . 
 `` young lady ! '' 
 a sharp voice cut through her dreams again . 
 the girl rolled over again and found her body collided with the floor . 
 at first , she was too stunned to move or even hear her mother 's questions as to her health . 
 then her alarm went ping ! 
 again . 
 she glared up the clock as she blew loose strands of her lemon yellow hair out of her face . 
 she sat herself up and once again pressed the purple-blue snooze button . 
 she turned to see her red headed mother kneelt down where she had been laying moments before . 
 her mouth was moving , but she was n't making out a single word of it . 
 she held up her hand to gain her mom 's attention . 
 once her mom 's mouth slowed as her eyes focused on her daughter , the girl moved her arms about in a slow fashion as her mom could keep up . 
 it still amazed her how her mom had been learning sign language since the day she found out she could n't speak , but still had trouble keeping up with her fast hand movements . 
 once the message was received that the young blond did n't catch what her mom had said , the mother simply smiled . 
 it was an uneasy and still , ` i 'm - not-sure-exactly-what-i 'm - doing-yet ' smile . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 she said as she signed the best she could . 
 the girl nodded as she walked over to her window . 
 she closed the window which had allowed a soft breeze to enter the room . 
 with the small conversation of you should get ready for school given by her mom done , the mother left as the girl moved the sheet like curtain to reveal her closet . 
 she grabbed a shirt at random and tossed it on . 
 she did the same with her pants . 
 she grabbed two random socks from the drawer of her dresser and placed them on . 
 she threw her blue pajamas in the tall plastic cylinder laundry basket in the corner of her closet . 
 the basket had once been a bright white , but was now yellowed with age . 
 it was also drawn on with marker and paint . 
 something she did as a way to add her own little special touch to the plain laundry basket . 
 on it were scribbles of stars , flowers , cartoon characters she liked , and few other miscellaneous things . 
 she did n't care much for school . 
 she was the only mute kid to attend the school and sadly , there were n't any deaf kids either . 
 so her class consisted of usually just her and a teacher until the bell rang and she could scurry away to lunch . 
 she 'd eat in silence and then pretend to do school work as she drew cartoon characters in her notebook . 
 she grabbed her bag , not pleased at the thought of another boring day at school , and headed to the kitchen . 
 her mother had breakfast made and set up on the table . 
 she was wearing a uniform for the local floral shop , which meant she was working until three and then would have the rest of the day free or would rush for a different job . 
 the later was more likely . 
 she hung her bag on the back of the wooden chair and sat down to consume her breakfast . 
 her older sister was already seated . 
 her hair was cut short and a bright green color . 
 she greeted her baby sister with a simple `` good morning '' as signed it without one hand . 
 the other was holding a fork full of scrambled eggs . 
 she stuck it in her mouth and chewed as she signed , `` how are you ? '' 
 the teen had made sure she took sign language as a side class so she was a lot better at it than their mother , who kept running around trying to pay bills . 
 `` i 'm good . '' 
 she signed as she picked up a piece of sausage . 
 `` your hair is lime green . 
 can i just call you lime from now on ? '' 
 `` whatever you wish . 
 but you 're still our little lemon . '' 
 her sister chuckled as she signed her remark . 
 the remark had been the same for years , but it was still enjoyable to exchange . 
 their mom watched her two children curiously as they held a silent conversation with hand gestures . 
 she wishes she spent less time working and more time with them . 
 maybe then she would n't have to go at a snail 's pace trying to deceiver simple little messages from her daughter . 
 sadly , the bills did n't pay themselves . 
 she had to keep working to provide everything her children needed . 
 if her husband was here it would be easier , but the military soldier had to go missing while overseas . 
 now he was presumed dead . 
 now she was left with their two children and memories of him there with them . 
 `` how long had it been since he disappeared lie a puff of smoke ? '' 
 she pondered as she took a bite of her biscuit . 
 `` five years ? 
 seven years ? 
 maybe nine ? '' 
 she was n't sure anymore . 
 she glanced at the clock and her eyes grew wide . 
 she was going to be late for work . 
 she stuffed the biscuit down her throat as she took a gulp of orange juice to wash it down . 
 she almost choked on her food before rushing out the door saying , `` got ta get to work . 
 see ya 'll later . '' 
 lime giggled at their energetic mother . 
 lemon only smiled . 
 the blond had learned long ago that she could make no sound escape her body no matter what . 
 trying to laugh or giggle only made her look stupid . 
 however , she could make an awesome ninja with the right training . 
 ninjas were silent , mysterious , and awesome . 
 but if becoming a ninja did n't pan out , she could always become a mime instead . 
 she arrived at school just in time to enter the class room before the tardy bell rang . 
 she sat in a desk in the front row . 
 she was the only kid in the class , so hiding in the back was pointless . 
 she huffed as she noticed her teacher had n't arrived yet . 
 she pulled out her sketch book and began to draw . 
 after 20 minutes of doodling things she had dreamed about , she glared up at the teacher 's desk . 
 she still was n't here . 
 she flipped her note book closed and sighed . 
 she gathered her belongings and looked back at the desk . 
 the teachers seemed confused . 
 none of them knew sign language so she had to write everything down on a portable dry erase board she carried around in her bag . 
 they soon began running about like chickens with their heads cut off . 
 lemon just watched and waited for one of them to address her . 
 after half an hour , they finally had everything somewhat worked out . 
 it turned that the only teacher who taught and knew sign language no longer worked at the school . 
 mrs. hansel had been mad about not being able to teach a sign language class as a second language , so she found a new job and left . 
 lemon smirked . 
 mrs. hansel was n't one who liked being told no . 
 so now they were out of a sign language teacher . 
 and since lemon was the only student who needed a teacher who knew sign language , they had forgotten to give her a new teacher . 
 then a new debate started in the office over where to put the young lady . 
 they could n't just send her home , it would be unethical . 
 one teacher recommended signing lemon up for home school , but that was shot down by a teacher who knew of their family situation . 
 she knew lemon 's mother could n't afford home school , much less make sure blond girl did the packets on her own without the aid of google . 
 `` i 'll teach her in my class . '' 
 a voice rang through the room . 
 everyone turned to stare with slack jaws at the man leaning against the metal door frame of the school 's front office . 
 his brown hair was cut short , but his bangs were still long enough to conceal his eyes if he combed them straight down . 
 his glasses were slim and had a black frame . 
 he gave an angel 's smile as he charmed them . 
 `` but mr. gret , '' a teacher began , `` this girl is mute . 
 she ca n't speak . 
 how can you teach a child who ca n't communicate ? '' 
 lemon glared daggers at the woman with cold blue eyes . 
 how dare she say she could n't communicate ? 
 she could communicate just fine . 
 well , just not with them . 
 mr. gret noticed the dirty look and smiled . 
 `` tsk . 
 tsk . 
 mrs. hallow . '' 
 the man stated as he wagged his index finger at long , wavy brunette with hot pink glasses . 
 `` there are numerous ways that one can communicate with others . 
 just because she does n't have a voice does n't mean she ca n't communicate with written words , hand gestures , and even looks . '' 
 he glided into the room as he gave a quick wink of his dark eyes at the young blond . 
 the teen stopped her hateful scowl at mrs. hallow and stared up at the man cautiously as she pulled on the sleeves of her purple sweater . 
 `` i 'm sure the young miss will do just fine in my class . '' 
 he turned to face lemon . 
 `` come with me and i 'll introduce you to your peers . '' 
 the teen gave him a kind smile as she gathered her belongings -- a sketchbook with a green cover and a purple book bag with a picture of sailor saturn from sailor moon on it . 
 as she entered the room , she realized the hell she had been placed in . 
 the teenagers were loud . 
 some sitting on top of the desk . 
 they sat in cliché groups and each fought unconsciously to be the loudest . 
 as mr. gret opened the door , the pupils glanced up at him , each greeting him . 
 they stopped as the young blond girl walked into the room . 
 `` everyone take your seats . 
 i have an announcement to make . '' 
 mr. gret stated with a serious tone . 
 the class 's volume fell to a soft whisper as they moved the small brown desks back in order . 
 they sat in their seats and stared at the front of the class room . 
 mr. gret was standing behind his desk , but none of their eyes were on him or even came close to meeting his dark eyes . 
 they were all burning into lemon . 
 the teen shuffled her feet nervously as she glanced at the teacher for help . 
 her blue eyes pleading for a little assistance . 
 `` do i have everyone 's attention ? '' 
 he asked , tapping an expo marker on his desk . 
 the class chorused with , `` yes , '' `` yeah , '' `` sure , '' `` whatever , '' and other replies that basically said the same thing . 
 their focus never shifting from the new meat that stood before them . 
 `` everyone , i 'm sure you all know that due to budget cuts , we 've had to let go of some of our teachers . 
 one of those teachers was mrs. hansel , the sign language teacher . 
 this young lady was one of her students . 
 she 's mute and for those of you who are confused , that means she ca n't speak . 
 starting today she will be attending class with us . 
 her name is ... '' the man stopped as she turned toward the blue eyed girl wearing a purple sweater and blue jeans . 
 her drawn on high tops shuffling slightly in a nervous manner . 
 `` pardon me , but i did n't catch your name earlier . 
 what is it ? '' 
 lemon signed the word for lemon . 
 the man repeated the sign to her and she nodded approvingly . 
 `` yeah . 
 i do n't know what that means ; could you write it on the board for us ? '' 
 he gave a sheepish smile as he held up the blue expo marker . 
 she nodded as she took it from him . 
 she uncapped the marker and standing on her tip toes , she stretched and wrote her name as big and as clearly as she could . 
 everyone tilted their heads in awe and confusion as they read her name . 
 `` lemon ? '' 
 they chorused . 
 a few students giggled at the strange name . 
 `` so the sign you showed me meant lemon ? '' 
 mr. gret questioned . 
 lemon nodded happily . 
 he then took the next 20 minutes to teach the kids how to sign her name before returning to their regularly scheduled class activities . 
 elsewhere , chains banged against beat up wooden floors . 
 there was a small window in which rays of light poured through . 
 tired green eyes stared outside into the small sliver that could be seen . 
 the leaver on the tress rustled happily as the wind brushed passed them . 
 birds and squirrels could be heard singing peacefully and going about their happy lives . 
 the chains struggled to get loose to reach the light , the small sliver of hope , but to no avail . 
 lemon was doing okay in her new class . 
 mr. gret tended to take the last 15 minutes of class to have the class learn sign language so that they could better communicate with lemon . 
 the kids were sort of nice for the most part . 
 though they were mainly curious about how people without a voice functioned . 
 they just could n't seem to wrap their minds around the fact that the mute function the very same as everyone else . 
 it must be something in their minds that went , `` there 's no way could live without talking ! 
 how can you ? 
 that 's so weird . '' 
 she tired her best to shrug it off , but their small comments still stung like a small bug bite . 
 they eventually began to itch and fester and make lemon doubt if this was where she belonged . 
 all it took was something to make her snap . 
 lemon was sitting in her usual seat in the lunch room . 
 the one at the farthest corner of the lunch room . 
 shrouded by a dark ominous cloud that said ` enter at your own risk . ' 
 she buried her blue eyes in her book as she scribbled more pictures in her note book . 
 she nibbled a little on her chips . 
 she was in her own little world far away from the school . 
 `` hi ! '' 
 a high pitch shrill voice practically screamed in her ear , causing her to jump . 
 she looked up at the teenage girl beaming down at her . 
 she was a peppy popular girl who had too much energy . 
 her dirty brown hair was pinned up in a ponytail . 
 her shirt was low cut and ended a few inches before her belly button . 
 the barely there top was a bright hot pink color . 
 she wore really short shorts that were dark blue . 
 they hung low around her hips . 
 the belt holding her shorts up was a bright yellow color . 
 lemon questioned how the barely dressed teen girl had n't been forced into a change of clothes or sent home . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 her smiled beamed . 
 lemon just stared at her for a moment before she closed her note book and began to sign . 
 `` i was doing some work and eating my food before you came over . 
 is there something you want ? '' 
 the girl just tilted her head . 
 a fake smile on her face . 
 `` you 're that must girl right ? '' 
 she began . 
 lemon simply nodded . 
 `` that 's so strange . '' 
 she said sitting next to her , talking a mile a minute . 
 `` i mean , i just could n't live without talking ! 
 i mean , how can you do it ? 
 is it a life choice ? 
 or is it some strange genetic condition ? '' 
 lemon rolled her eyes as she grabbed her bag of chips and began eating the fried potatoes . 
 she had tuned the loud obnoxious girl out . 
 or at least she tried to , until the girl began to shove her in the arm . 
 lemon looked up at her and just stared blankly . 
 she just wanted to be left alone . 
 `` do n't you think so too ? '' 
 she gave a big grin . 
 lemon just stared without expression . 
 `` hey mute girl , were you even listening to me ? 
 hello ! 
 anyone home ? '' 
 the girl slowly showed her wicked side as if the red horns slowly grew on her skull . 
 slamming down her fist on the table , she hissed , `` i will not be ignored ! '' 
 lemon just stared at her in confusion as she tilted her head . 
 she had no clue what this girl 's malfunction was . 
 jolting up in the blink of an eye , girl swiftly grabbed a tray of junk that had been handed out as a sorry excuse for lunch food . 
 she forcefully threw the plastic red tray into lemon . 
 the whole time the girl was hissing and screeching . 
 lemon fell backward and hit her head hard on the white tile floor . 
 noise erupted throughout the lunch room . 
 lemon remained numb and still as she listened to the clatter of her peers . 
 kids and teachers swarmed the area like a bunk of flies to a bar-b-q . 
 her eyes remained closed as she listened to the gasps . 
 the girl who had pushed her was now getting reprimanded , but she was also getting props . 
 lemon 's teeth clenched . 
 her fingers twitched . 
 she felt a cold hand on her shoulder . 
 it sent a freezing chill down her spine . 
 it brought with it a fear of death and a strong sense of foreboding . 
 she slowly opened her blue eyes . 
 she squinted at the bright lights above her head . 
 she felt weak , like the under taker was slowly dragging a way her soul . 
 the noises were booming in her ears from all around and she was n't sure which sounds belong to which person . 
 she slowly shifted her eyes to stare into the face of a man . 
 his reaper 's hand was on her shoulder and something in his eyes told her he was n't a fair hades . 
 he was a hades filled with malice . 
 she was n't sure what was taking over , but she felt as though she could n't breathe . 
 something within her was screaming . 
 `` run away ! '' 
 it bellowed . 
 `` run now ! '' 
 she felt her breathing become ragged as if it were a chore to obtain air . 
 she jolted up off the tile floor and on to the bench of the lunch table . 
 people gasped and freaked as the girl struggled to breath and her body shook . 
 her eyes darted across one end of the room to the other like a wild animal with rabies . 
 the teacher , who possessed lucifer 's hands , reached out toward her . 
 he placed a grin on his face trying to look kind , caring , and concerned . 
 instead it exposed a darker truth ; it was twisted and menacing . 
 something about him was evil . 
 as his hand extended closer , she crawled onto the table , kicking her feet as a way to say , `` go away . '' 
 she bore her teeth like a wild beast . 
 while no sound emitted from her , the message was clear . 
 `` stay away from me ! '' 
 her eyes soon found an exit from the claustrophobic inducing area . 
 she leapt off of the table and took off on all fours . 
 she just kept going . 
 weaving around by standers who wore confused and shocked expressions . 
 something inside her was screaming , `` run ! 
 do n't turn back . 
 just run . '' 
 with her adrenaline pumping all the way through her body , she eventually became unaware of her actions . 
 she just kept running . 
 in the bewildered lunchroom , she left behind everyone 's jaws were slacked and eyes wide . 
 finally recovering a little , a soft murmur began to hover about the room . 
 the skimpy dressed girl , who had pushed the blond mute girl down , gave a nervous laugh , `` wow . 
 freaky mental break down or what ? '' 
 teachers and students gave her a look that just said , `` too soon and so wrong . '' 
 she instantly stared down at her feet . 
 a sense of shame overcoming her . 
 the tall trees loomed over her . 
 she could hear the forest animals skittering around the floral atmosphere . 
 the adrenaline had slowed to a stop and she was ragged . 
 she leaned against a tree as she tried to catch her breathe . 
 her heart was throbbing in her chest , but it felt like it was in her throat , trying to escape with every beat it took . 
 lemon closed her eyes and tried to concentrate . 
 everything was such a blur to her . 
 she was n't sure where she was at , but it was better than being at school . 
 she slid down until she was sitting down . 
 her head leaning against the bark of the tree . 
 it was so peaceful here . 
 or at least , that 's what she thought until she heard a strange sound . 
 her eyes flew open as her ears concentrated on the sound . 
 it was a rattling sound that kept echoing throughout the woods . 
 at first , she thought it to be a rattle snake , but the sound was off . 
 the rattling had no real rhythm , and it was n't smooth like a snake . 
 it sounded rusty and old . 
 almost like clanging metal . 
 something was trapped . 
 she jolted up and began to head towards the sound . 
 images of a poor animal trapped in some cruel hunter 's trap . 
 something like a bear or a dear , maybe . 
 either way , she could n't let the poor thing continue to be trapped in the cruel trap . 
 she picked up her pace and pounded her sore feet into the forest dirt . 
 she concentrated on the sound of the rattling and headed for it . 
 she attempted to stop when a wood cabin came into her sights . 
 but she had gained too much momentum and could n't stop until her body collided with the wall of the house . 
 she fell to her knees , scraping her face on the wood paneling of the house . 
 she slowly pulled herself up . 
 she could still hear the rattling . 
 it sounded so close . 
 she slowly opened her eyes to try to catch her bearings . 
 her jaw soon dropped at the horror before her . 
 she had found the source of the desperate rattling sounds . 
 chapter 2 : searches begin lemon 's blue eyes stared in shock at the green eyed human . 
 the boy was covered in filth and bruises . 
 he was thin and boney as if he had n't eaten in weeks . 
 his brown hair was rugged and oily . 
 he did n't have shoes and his feet were bruised and red . 
 he had a baggy green hoodie and blue jeans . 
 his clothes had many scratches and holes in them . 
 he desperately pulled on the chains that bond his feet to the wall . 
 it took him a while to register that the blond girl was real and not a hallucination , and then he started panicking . 
 `` run ! 
 run ! '' 
 he screamed as he waved his scrawny arms . 
 he was starving and thirsty , so his voice was rough and harsh . 
 he was n't even sure if it was his . 
 `` get away ! 
 leave ! 
 please , before he comes back . 
 run ! 
 before he catches you ! '' 
 lemon picked her jaw up and swallowed her spit . 
 it took her a moment to register his words . 
 she took a step back from the window , almost contemplating his words . 
 should she run away and get help for him ? 
 but she could n't speak . 
 the police would n't understand her . 
 and calling them would prove pointless since she could n't speak . 
 being must was such a pain . 
 why could n't she help him ? 
 if she dragged an officer here later , he might not be here . 
 he might be hidden away somewhere else . 
 or worse . 
 he might be dead . 
 she could n't risk that . 
 this boy had been beaten and was almost skin and bones . 
 almost like he was a walking skeleton . 
 but his big green eyes keep crying . 
 she could n't wait . 
 he might not survive . 
 she had to help him now . 
 she walked back to the window and pressed her face to the glass . 
 she signed , `` i 'm going to help . '' 
 she noticed the top of the window was cracked opened . 
 she opened it some more and climbed inside . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 the boy asked as she walked over towards him . 
 she smiled at him as she pulled off one of her bangles off her wrist . 
 the bangle was a bright light blue . 
 it was thin metal with dots of sparkles all around it . 
 she bent the small band into a thin strip and proceeded to pick the lock on the shackle that held firmly his foot . 
 `` you really should run . 
 he might come back and spot you . 
 that would be horrible . 
 please run ! '' 
 click ! 
 lemon smiled at her victory as the shackle opened . 
 she looked at him with a smile and a serious tone in her blue eyes . 
 she pointed at him and then at herself and at the window . 
 `` okay . '' 
 the boy nodded as she grabbed his hand . 
 she helped him standup and walk to the window . 
 she lifted him up and helped him over the window seal . 
 the boy lost his balance though and fell onto the dirt with a violent thud . 
 lemon hurried herself over the window and hopped to the ground . 
 she stopped down beside him and began tapping on the ground . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 she tapped in morse code . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 he mumbled as she helped him to his feet . 
 they began a quick pace walk to get away from the wood cabin . 
 after several minutes of pretty much jogging through the winding forest , they slowed to a walk . 
 the boy stared at the trees around them . 
 he acted as if he had n't seen a tree in ages . 
 `` he probably has n't . '' 
 lemon thought to herself . 
 `` so , are you army too ? '' 
 the boy questioned in a low whisper . 
 lemon looked at him with a confused expression . 
 tilting her head , she allowed her long blond hair to drape over her shoulder . 
 the boy nervously licked his lips before speaking again . 
 `` are you related to military ? 
 you spoke morse code back there when i fell . 
 so i thought you were with the military or related . '' 
 lemon shrugged her shoulders . 
 she began tapping her fingers on the back of his hand which he held firmly in hers so they would n't get lost . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i 'm mute . 
 ca n't speak . '' 
 she tapped . 
 `` oh . '' 
 the boy gasped . 
 then he nodded . 
 `` well that 's okay . 
 i know morse code . 
 my father taught me when i was small . '' 
 he began tapping on his leg . 
 `` it 's been a while , but i still remember it . '' 
 he tapped out . 
 lemon smiled happily . 
 `` finally , someone else i can actually communicate with that 's not my mom , sister , or one teacher . '' 
 she tapped out happily . 
 the boy laughed and then began coughing . 
 he had n't laughed in a long time . 
 `` i 'm glad for you . '' 
 he tapped as he continued to cough . 
 once his coughing fit subsided , he smiled . 
 `` sorry about that . '' 
 he stated . 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 lemon tapped out . 
 `` so which way leads out of this forest ? '' 
 he questioned . 
 lemon bit her lip as she looked around . 
 she did n't have a clue where she was . 
 she had run out here in a dazed adrenaline hyped up state . 
 she had no clue which was north . 
 she looked at him with a guilty look and nervous smile . 
 `` walk straight until we find exit . 
 or find water . '' 
 she tapped on the back of his hand . 
 `` so i take it we 're lost ? '' 
 he mused aloud . 
 `` well it 's better than being back there . '' 
 he tapped on her hand . 
 he looked at her and smiled . 
 his grip on her hand tightening . 
 back at the school , lemon 's mother and sister were standing in the front office . 
 there were several teachers and two police officers in the large room made up of glass walls . 
 tears streaming down her face , the red head mother looked at the officer . 
 `` how could this have happened ? '' 
 she begged him . 
 the officer was unsure of how to console the grieving mother . 
 `` do n't worry mrs. esmerald . '' 
 he began , placing a firm hand on her shoulder . 
 `` we 're going to find your daughter . '' 
 `` it 's just that she 's never done anything like this before . '' 
 she cried . 
 `` so i do n't know where she could have gone . 
 please , just find my baby . 
 please ! '' 
 `` we believe she sustained a head injury when another student assaulted her . '' 
 the other officer stated . 
 she was a taller muscular woman . 
 she almost looked like she could be an amazon . 
 the name on the thin metal button on her shirt said , ` belonhei . ' 
 `` it 's possible she has a concussion and is wondering around lost somewhere . 
 we have all of our available resources looking for her . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 mrs. esmerald sniffled . 
 `` now , one of the neighboring countries is going to send us a canine unit to aide us in the search . '' 
 officer belonhei stated . 
 `` would it be alright if i escort you home and obtain a sample of something with your daughter 's scent on it ? '' 
 `` i guess so . '' 
 mrs. esmerald nodded . 
 `` but what do you mean by sample ? '' 
 `` something like a shirt or stuff toy . 
 anything of your daughter 's that might have her scent on it . 
 we give it to our dogs so they can track her scent . '' 
 `` i guess that 'll be okay . '' 
 she nodded . 
 she moved a loose strand of her red hair behind her ear . 
 `` come on , mom . '' 
 her green hair daughter placed a hand on her shoulder . 
 lime extended the other hand towards her mom . 
 `` i 'll drive us home . '' 
 the red haired woman handed her daughter the keys and left the school . 
 at the wood cabin , a tired man walked up the steps of his stoop . 
 his short hair was messed and his bangs concealed his eyes . 
 he took his keys from his pocket and unlocked his front door . 
 the door opened with a loud creak . 
 he dragged his bag inside and plopped it down on a wooden coffee table in the middle of the small living room . 
 he locked the front door and proceeded into the kitchen . 
 he spoke the whole time as he made himself a sandwich . 
 `` i 'm home now . '' 
 he said . 
 `` how was your day ? 
 mine was hectic . 
 work was a bitch today . 
 were you a good boy ? 
 i hope you were . '' 
 he placed his sandwich on a napkin and carried it with him . 
 he grabbed his keys and unlocked a door inside his home . 
 he smiled as he opened the door and took a bite out of his meal . 
 when he peered inside thought , the smile wiped away as his eyes scanned over the room . 
 a deep frown on his face as he clenched his fists . 
 `` you have n't been a good boy . '' 
 he growled through his teeth as he glared into empty room . 
 he strode over to the window . 
 it was cracked opened . 
 he looked outside window and saw foot prints . 
 he gritted his teeth as he stomped out of the room . 
 they had found a creek . 
 they walked across it , causing their feet to get wet . 
 they stopped for a moment to cup some of the water in their hands and drink . 
 lemon looked around for something to eat . 
 she counted herself lucky as she found a pear tree . 
 the fruit was rather small and it was n't anywhere near ripe yet . 
 but they needed sustenance . 
 she plucked six of the small pears . 
 three for each . 
 this would have to last them until they found something better to eat . 
 she walked back to the boy and patted his arm with the pear . 
 he looked up from the water he was drinking . 
 he was so thirsty . 
 he had almost forgotten what being hydrated felt like . 
 he smiled gratefully at her . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 he said softly . 
 he grabbed the pear and sunk his teeth into it . 
 it was the best thing he had eaten in a very long time . 
 it tasted strange , but he was just happy to be eating something . 
 lemon nibbled on her pear as she watched her new friend chomp away at it . 
 `` i hope he does n't eat the core too . '' 
 she thought to herself . 
 once they had eaten their small lunch , they set out along the creek . 
 they figured it would be safest if they stuck by a water source . 
 just in case they were stuck in this labyrinth of trees for more than a day . 
 lemon was trying to judge where they were , but could n't figure it out . 
 so the blond girl just decided to walk instead . 
 `` so ... '' the boy began , `` can i ask way there 's red in your hair ? '' 
 the blond turned to him with a perplexed look . 
 `` red ? '' 
 she signed . 
 `` where ? '' 
 the boy was n't sure what she had tried to conveyed , but he could tell that she was confused . 
 `` there 's something red in your hair . '' 
 he stated as he touched some of the strands of her hair . 
 he gently pulled them to where lemon could see them . 
 sure enough , he was right . 
 they were a dark red color . 
 the red seemed to be crusty on her hair . 
 it almost looked like strange paint , but it seemed to loose on her hair . 
 her mouth dropped at the sight of the red . 
 knowing this as a bad sign , he knelt down by the creek . 
 he dipped his fingers into the water and brought them to her long blond hair . 
 he ran his fingers through the red stained strands . 
 as the red slowly peeled away from her bright yellow , he was reminded of something . 
 he had seen something similar to this before . 
 he brought the red substance to his face . 
 he sniffed it . 
 it gave his stomach a sickening feeling . 
 the scent , although diminished by the water , was still strong enough for the boy to pick up . 
 he brought his hand to his mouth and licked some of the red substance off . 
 he made a gagging sound as his face scrunched up . 
 coppery . 
 it was coppery . 
 he looked at his new friend with concern . 
 `` it 's blood . '' 
 he voiced his theory . 
 it was the only thing that he knew of that tasted like copper that was n't , well , copper . 
 `` did you get hurt ? '' 
 he began to panic as the blue eye girl stood still . 
 she was shocked . 
 she could n't recall being around blood all today . 
 the boy washed the blood from his hands . 
 he plucked some leaves from a nearby tree . 
 he soaked them and brought them to the young girl . 
 he began washing away the coagulated blood . 
 he moved the strands of yellow hair and found the source of the blood . 
 `` you 're bleeding ! '' 
 he exclaimed . 
 as he went to clean the wound , lemon jumped up . 
 she clutched her hands on her arms . 
 her blue eyes wide with fear . 
 tears were weld up in her flushed face . 
 she shivered and shook as if she were a lot wet puppy caught in the frigid snow . 
 her teeth clattered together . 
 the boy put up his hands to show her he meant no harm . 
 `` hey , what 's the matter ? '' 
 he whispered . 
 `` you 're hurt . 
 i only want to help you . '' 
 lemon clacked her teeth hard and more visibly as she took a step away from the brunette boy . 
 the boy stared at her for a moment and they entered a staring contest . 
 she clacked and clanged her teeth together and then she started blinking her eye lids . 
 it was almost as if the young girl was having a mental breakdown and was suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder . 
 the boy could n't help but think it ironic . 
 here they were lost in a forest . 
 she seemed like a perfectly average girl . 
 the sweet girl next door type . 
 she probably took a wrong turn on hiking trail and found him . 
 he was a boy who had been kidnapped . 
 plucked right up off the street on his way home from a boys scout meeting at school . 
 that was so long ago that his family probably believed him dead and are looking for a body . 
 he had endured starvation , beatings , dehydration , verbal abuse , and other tortures . 
 he had only been free for a few minutes , maybe an hour , he was n't sure . 
 yet here they were . 
 standing by a small creek , and he , the kidnapee , was calm and collected one while his rescuer was losing her marbles . 
 he sighed . 
 `` hey , how come i 'm the calm one ? '' 
 he asked , pointing to himself . 
 when all lemon did was clack her teeth and blink her eyes . 
 then a thought finally popped into his head . 
 `` morse code . '' 
 he muttered . 
 `` you 're so freaked out right now that that 's the only way you can speak . '' 
 he walked up to her and pulled her into a hug . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 it 's okay . '' 
 he whispered . 
 `` just let me help stop the bleeding . 
 then we 'll get out of this forest and go get help . 
 okay ? '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 lemon clattered her teeth to say . 
 she held still as he cleaned her wound . 
 he was very careful as all they had to use was dirt and leaves . 
 and amazingly , he was very good at using nature as a band aide . 
 the whole time he spoke softly and told her of how to use the leaves to create a bandage . 
 `` how do you know things like this ? '' 
 she questioned . 
 `` boy scouts . '' 
 he stated simply . 
 `` how did you get hurt ? '' 
 `` an annoying girl pushed me . 
 she got mad because i did n't care what she was blathering about and did n't respond to her . '' 
 lemon replied . 
 `` well , that was rude . '' 
 he stated as he finished cleaning the wound and wrapped some leaves around her head . 
 `` this should do for now . 
 let 's hurry to an actual doctor who knows what he 's doing . '' 
 lemon laughed at this comment . 
 while no noise came out , he got the gist of her body movement and laughed too . 
 they continued their trek along the creek . 
 the creek soon began to gradually grow larger in width and depth . 
 the two wondered if it had become a stream yet , but they were n't sure . 
 `` it looks like it 's becoming a stream . '' 
 the green eyed boy pointed at the growing creek . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 lemon questioned . 
 `` i 'm sure it 's still just a creek . '' 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 i have feeling that it 's a stream . '' 
 the boy shrugged . 
 `` is n't a stream bigger than a creek ? 
 and the creek has gotten bigger . 
 so is n't it possible that it became a stream ? '' 
 `` nah . 
 i do n't think so . '' 
 the blond girl waved her hand . 
 `` i 'm sure it 's still a creek . 
 besides , what 's the difference between the two anyway ? '' 
 `` come to think of it . 
 i do n't know . '' 
 the brunette boy chuckled . 
 since they were n't even sure what the difference between the two meant anyway . 
 they laughed at their silly debate and continued onward . 
 `` so ... '' lemon began . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 the boy looked up at this question . 
 his name ? 
 why would she ask that ? 
 had n't he already told her his name ? 
 a short memory search later told him he did n't . 
 how could this be ? 
 surely people introduced themselves upon meeting . 
 though their introduction was odd . 
 he licked his lips trying to remember what his name had been before . 
 it had been years . 
 he was n't even sure if he could recall how to spell it either . 
 the man who had taken him called him several things . 
 many of which made his skin crawl . 
 it seemed to him that those bad memories had buried all the bright happy ones of his youth alive and locked them away somewhere . 
 `` gizzard ? '' 
 the girl questioned with her clacking sounds . 
 the boy looked up at her with a confused expression . 
 `` that 's what you were snapping out just now . '' 
 she stated as she pointed to his fingers . 
 `` oh . '' 
 he mumbled . 
 `` gizzard . '' 
 he said aloud as he snapped it out with his fingers . 
 then he smiled as the old happy memory flood behind his eyes lids . 
 `` gizzards . '' 
 he sighed with a wide smile . 
 `` my father loved them . 
 we used to eat them every saturday . '' 
 `` what are gizzards ? '' 
 lemon inquired curiously . 
 `` fried chicken liver . '' 
 he answered with a broad smile . 
 `` they 're really delicious . '' 
 lemon scrunched up her face and stuck out her tongue . 
 she did n't seem to like the idea of fried chicken liver . 
 `` hey , do n't knock it ` till you try it . '' 
 he chastised her . 
 lemon just rolled her eyes . 
 `` whatever gizzard . '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` so are you going to tell me your name , or am i going to call you gizzard for the rest of time ? '' 
 `` sadly , i ca n't remember my actual name . '' 
 he stated , looking glum . 
 `` so like it or not , my name might as well be gizzard for the time being . '' 
 `` fine by me . '' 
 the blue eyed girl shrugged . 
 `` so what about you ? 
 what 's your name ? '' 
 gizzard asked curiously . 
 `` i 'm lemon . '' 
 she smiled proudly . 
 `` because of my bright yellow hair . '' 
 she ran her fingers through her yellow hair . 
 `` seems fitting . '' 
 gizzard chuckled . 
 at the esmerald resident , lemon 's mother , sherbet , and her sister , lime , were sitting at the kitchen table with some police officers . 
 sherbet had wiped the tears from her eyes and was doing her best to stay strong . 
 `` the canine unit should be here soon . '' 
 officer belonhei stated . 
 `` and this is a recent picture of your daughter correct . '' 
 she asked as she held up the photo . 
 `` yes . '' 
 the red haired woman nodded . 
 `` we took it over the summer at the park . '' 
 the officer nodded as she jotted down a note on her yellow pad . 
 `` does lemon like to go to the park ? '' 
 a tall man asked . 
 his brown hair was cut clean and neat and he stood at least 6 foot tall if not more . 
 `` yes she does . '' 
 lime answered as her mother gave the officer a confused look . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because if she suffered a concussion like we believe , it 's very possible that she subconsciously went to a place she likes to be . 
 like the park or her bedroom , or someplace similar . '' 
 the officer explained . 
 `` if she likes that park then it 's very likely we 'll find her around a place with foliage and trees . '' 
 knock ! 
 knock ! 
 everyone turned to stare at the door . 
 sherbet stood up and walked over . 
 `` who is it ? '' 
 `` this is officer jettson . 
 i came from jackson county . '' 
 the deep voice bellowed from the other side . 
 `` i brought the canine unit with me . '' 
 sherbet quickly opened the door to look at the man . 
 he was average height and was very big . 
 he obviously ate a lot of home cooked meals . 
 though he still looked strong enough to handle himself . 
 she moved aside for him to come in . 
 `` please come inside . '' 
 her eyes pleading that he would find her blue eyed baby girl soon . 
 `` all right if the dog comes in with me ? '' 
 he motioned to the german shepherd at his feet . 
 the dog looked friendly , but also ready . 
 `` yes . 
 yes . '' 
 sherbet nodded . 
 `` it wo n't be a problem at all . '' 
 `` and you 're the oldest daughter ? '' 
 he questioned . 
 `` no . 
 the mother . '' 
 she corrected . 
 `` my bad , you look too young to be a mother . '' 
 officer jettson stated as he waltzed into the living room . 
 `` go on and bring bobby here something of your baby 's . 
 the quicker we find her the less grey we 'll be . '' 
 he shook the dog 's leash . 
 `` yes . 
 yes . '' 
 sherbet stated as she hurried up the stairs to her daughter 's room . 
 she grabbed the blue pajama top out of the laundry basket in lemon 's pale lavender room . 
 she rushed down the stairs . 
 `` here 's her pajama top . 
 will this do ? '' 
 `` when did she last wear it ? '' 
 officer jettson inquired . 
 `` this morning . 
 sherbet stated as she pulled her red hair out of her face . 
 `` perfect . '' 
 the officer nodded . 
 `` hold it up to bobby here and let him have a whiff or two . '' 
 sherbet held it up to the dog , who sniffed it with great interest , as officer jettson told him about the case and what they needed to do . 
 the dog seemed to understand every word as he nodded and stared intently at the blue top . 
 `` now , '' the officer began , `` let 's take this to the boys outside and get this over with . 
 we got a little girl to find . '' 
 they followed the big man outside as he hollered orders at the other officers who were handling the other dogs . 
 then officer jettson and bobby set off to follow the scent trail they had picked up . 
 they brought the dogs up to the red headed mother in groups of 3 and 4 . 
 they sniffed the shirt and went off following the girl 's scent trail around the yard of the house before branching off . 
 `` is n't that a pit bull ? '' 
 lime questioned as she pointed at the grey pit bull that approached them . 
 her blue eyes wide at the animal wearing a police vest . 
 the young officer smiled brightly with pride . 
 `` yep . '' 
 she replied with delight . 
 `` little mama julie here is an excellent search and rescue dog . 
 she 's also a medical dog . '' 
 `` wow . '' 
 the two women gasped in awe . 
 `` but i thought pit bulls were ... '' lime searched for the right words to say before she continued . 
 `` vicious , mean , aggressive , murderous , cold blooded , '' the officer began to list a long list of all the stereotypical traits of a pit bull . 
 `` trust me ; these gentle guys just get a bad rep. they 're only like that if they 're trained that way . 
 otherwise , they 're really such sweet loveable little guys . '' 
 the officer patted mama julie 's grey head . 
 the dog smiled a derpy smile with her tongue hanging out as she wagged her tail . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 we did n't know . '' 
 sherbet apologized . 
 `` it 's cool . 
 not many people do . '' 
 the officer smiled as she knelt down by mama julie . 
 `` now mama julie , take a good whiff of that pajama top . 
 we got a little kid to find . '' 
 the dog did as instructed . 
 it took a sniff or two . 
 the grey pooch sniffed the air with interest . 
 she looked all around and then she eventually bolted off , dragging the police officer , and her handler , behind her with a quick `` woah . '' 
 `` what a pretty dog ! '' 
 the green haired girl breathed as she watched them go . 
 `` yes . 
 very . '' 
 her red headed mother replied as a few more dogs approached them . 
 chapter 3 : follow the wooden path the sun appeared to be setting as the sky was turning shades of yellow and pink . 
 the two continued walking , but they kept looking up with a strange sense of foreboding . 
 `` what will we do when it gets dark ? '' 
 the blonder girl asked as she tugged on the long sleeves of her purple shirt making them cover her hands . 
 the green eyed boy was doing the same with his sleeves as he stared above them . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 he whispered . 
 `` sleep in a tree maybe ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` do you think you could manage that ? '' 
 lemon nodded in response and gestured toward him . 
 `` yeah . 
 i 'll be fine . '' 
 he stated . 
 `` i mean , just look at me . 
 i look like some crazy wild kid tarzan with the attire of a dirty homeless hobo clown . 
 surely sleeping in a tree wo n't hurt me . '' 
 lemon giggled at this as they continued walking along the creek . 
 cre-ack ! 
 the two jumped at the sharp sound . 
 they looked at each other with worried expressions . 
 `` run . '' 
 they ordered the other wordlessly . 
 had lemon not been bolting along the creek , she would have thought she could hear his voice in her head . 
 the two kept running . 
 jumping over logs and roots and ducking under any trees branches that came across their path . 
 behind them stood the man who had earlier entered the wooden cabin . 
 he glared at the fleeing forms becoming smaller with every second . 
 he began to scream at them as he gave chase . 
 `` hey ! 
 come back here ! 
 turn around now . 
 stop ! '' 
 he screamed as he gave chase after them . 
 the brown haired boy craned his head around to look at the man . 
 `` come back here you little bitch ! '' 
 he hissed . 
 how dare he try to escape the captivity of his home ? 
 the boy simply scowled back at the man . 
 his green eyes caught the light of the fleeting sun as they seemed to begin to glow on his dirty face . 
 the man soon tripped on a thick root from a tree which seemed to pop up from the ground with the intent of slowing him down . 
 he looked up to scream at the fleeing pair again , but there was nothing but trees and fog where they had gone . 
 the creak , itself , was now crashing up against one of the thick trunks of a large tree . 
 the man stood up and brushed the dirt off . 
 he was going to get those brats . 
 lemon took the chance to glance at gizzard . 
 he was running just as fast as she was . 
 though it looked as though his heart was pounding so fast that it would have sent him to a cheetah 's speed if he would allow it . 
 he was going just as fast as she was so he could make sure she would n't be caught too . 
 though it looked that if he slowed down any further , he would begin coughing his heart up so it could flee and leave him far behind . 
 his eyes looked as if they were glowing and his mouth was moving in a strange fashion . 
 it was as if he was whispering , but no words escaped his mouth . 
 he soon looked up at her . 
 he licked his lips nervously as his glowing green eyes stared at her . 
 he then glanced behind them . 
 `` i think we lost him . '' 
 he gasped . 
 his eyes turned normal as he slowed . 
 `` can we ? '' 
 he asked pleadingly . 
 his body was about to crumble into the dirt under their feet . 
 lemon nodded as she came to a halt . 
 she had built up so much momentum that she had to grab on to the trunk of a nearby tree to stop herself . 
 she looked up imploringly at the young boy . 
 he had curled up into a fetal position against a large tree . 
 lemon , still feeling dizzy and winded form running , crawled over to him on her hands and knees . 
 she laid on her stomach and propped her head up on her hands . 
 she watched him closely for a moment . 
 `` was that the man who put you in those chains ? '' 
 she clacked her teeth . 
 her blue eyes began to water as she stared up at gizzard , awaiting a response . 
 the sky was a dark indigo and the pale moon had concealed the sun . 
 lemon only shuttered due to the rapid wind that blew passed them . 
 gizzard slowly looked up at her . 
 his messy brown hair concealing one of his eyes . 
 his face was flushed red and his eyes were glassy . 
 the whites of his green eyes were now red . 
 he had been mutely crying to himself against the tree . 
 he looked so hurt and scared . 
 before he could will his mouth to open and respond , he found his body being constricted by a warm embrace . 
 lemon was running her fingers through his brown hair and rubbing his back with the other hand . 
 it was all very warm and comforting . 
 then his ears caught the soft barely audible `` shush '' sound . 
 he looked up at the blond girl . 
 her eyes were closed with tears dripping down her cheeks . 
 her mouth was open and emitting a soft shush sound . 
 he tilted his head curiously . 
 he reached up and poked her lightly in the cheek . 
 lemon opened her blue eyes and stared into his green ones . 
 assured that he now had her undivided attention , he gave a meek smile . 
 `` you can speak . '' 
 he announced happily . 
 lemon tilted her head in confusion . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she chattered her teeth . 
 `` i ca n't speak . 
 i 'm mute . '' 
 gizzard smiled real big . 
 `` that might be so , but just now you spoke . 
 you said ` shush ' . 
 like a mother comforting a small child . '' 
 `` i did ? '' 
 lemon 's teeth clamored . 
 `` yes ! '' 
 gizzard answered . 
 `` that means that eventually you could speak . 
 heck , you can speak now . 
 i mean you know sign language and morse code . 
 and just now , you said shush ! 
 you made a sound with your vocal cords . 
 maybe that just means that your vocal cords are rusty or dusty and that you just need to try to use them . 
 then you can make sounds just like everyone else . '' 
 lemon thought about it for a moment . 
 being able to laugh alongside her sister would be awesome . 
 she would n't just be stuck at smiling when she wanted to roll on the floor and laugh . 
 if she could actually laugh , she could join her sister . 
 that made the blue eye girl smile . 
 it would be nice . 
 gizzard smiled at her warmly . 
 then he looked up at the sky . 
 it was dark navy now . 
 the moon was a small sliver in the sky , casting little light . 
 `` we need to climb in a tree and rest for now . '' 
 he stated in a soft voice . 
 `` come on . '' 
 he reached out his hand and she took it . 
 they walked onward in the forest . 
 they eventually came to a large tree with numerous branches . 
 they carefully climbed the tree . 
 lemon going up first and helping gizzard up . 
 once they were up high enough , they each picked a thick branch for themselves . 
 they curled up close to the trunk . 
 they closed their eyes and dozed off to sleep . 
 it had been a long day for both them . 
 they awoke to the sun crawling up in the sky . 
 gizzard just sat there staring at the sky . 
 he was n't sure how he felt . 
 he half expected to wake up back in chains , but here he was . 
 sitting in a tree ; he was free for the first time in years . 
 his stomach growled at him . 
 he sighed as he looked at the ground . 
 he had to pee . 
 he looked over at the branch lemon was laying on . 
 her eyes were closed and she was sound asleep . 
 he then looked down at the ground again . 
 he needed to be careful . 
 he was n't the best climber , and he did n't want to wake her up . 
 he rubbed some of the sleep out of his eyes in an attempt to see better . 
 he carefully lowered himself down branch by branch . 
 he was wobbly and stumbled every so often , but he managed to catch himself before he fell . 
 though at the very last branch before the ground , he slipped and hit the ground with a loud thud . 
 he slowly pulled himself up and looked up at lemon . 
 she was still asleep . 
 he was glad for that , but also concerned . 
 if something bad happened , she 'd sleep right through it . 
 he would have to be a light sleeper and keep an eye and an ear open for any trouble . 
 he stumbled to his feet like woozy child . 
 once he was standing up right , he walked away from the tree where lemon was sleeping . 
 once he felt he was a good distance away , he picked a bush at random and answered morning 's class . 
 once that was done , he began thinking about more pressing matters -- like breakfast ! 
 man ! 
 was he starving ? 
 he walked back to the tree where lemon was sleeping . 
 she was still passed out . 
 he rubbed some more of the sleep from his eyes before looking up . 
 she was still passed out . 
 he walked around the area and when he did n't find a tree with fruit , he pouted to himself . 
 they needed something more to eat then the small nuts and leaves he was finding . 
 and he was n't about to try hunting for food . 
 a squirrel was about the only source of meet they would find . 
 and he was n't sure he wanted to try killing , cooking , and eating squirrel . 
 it just did n't sound like a good appetizing meal to him . 
 he was sure lemon would dislike the idea more . 
 he glanced back at lemon . 
 she was still sleeping soundly . 
 satisfied with this , he pressed his hand against a small tree . 
 he began moving his mouth , but no words came out . 
 his green eyes glowed bright as the leaves of the tree rustled and the brown branches shook . 
 slowly buds began to form on the tree . 
 the buds blossomed into beautiful flowers of soft pastel colors . 
 the center of the flowers gave birth to ripe fruit of all kinds . 
 once they were fully grown and just right , he smiled happily . 
 he carefully plucked the fruit from the tree and put them in the pocket of the green hoodie he was wearing . 
 he returned to the tree he had slept in . 
 he looked up to see that the blond girl was still sleeping the day away . 
 he sighed . 
 he would have to wake her up . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 he called to her . 
 she did n't stir . 
 `` lemon , wake up ! 
 we need to get going . '' 
 he began carefully climb the tree . 
 `` come on ! 
 please wake up . 
 we need to get a move on . 
 please lemon , wake up ! '' 
 he sat on a branch across from her . 
 he groaned in annoyance as he tapped her shoulder with his foot . 
 she groaned in protest as she curled up more and snuggled into the bark of the tree branch . 
 she wanted to sleep . 
 `` lemon wake up ! '' 
 the frustrated boy shoved her hard with his foot . 
 `` we have to get going while we have light . '' 
 lemon just growled like a dog as she rolled over . 
 had she been on her bed , she would still be on her comfy mattress , however , she was high up in a tree . 
 the blond girl rolled off the thick branch she was sleeping on and toward the ground . 
 `` lemon ! '' 
 gizzard gasped as he watched her free fall . 
 the blue eye girl opened her eyes to see the muddy forest floor coming towards her . 
 something in her mind clicked and screamed , `` you 're about to go ker-splate . '' 
 it was a little voice , but she heard it . 
 this being a bad idea in her mind , she curled up into a ball and screamed a high pitch wail . 
 she soon felt her body pass through a bunch of leaves . 
 when she felt that her body had stopped moving , she slowly opened her blue eyes . 
 they were filled with tears . 
 her blurry vision was filled with thousands of autumn shades . 
 she carefully began to stand up . 
 she was wobbly and nearly fell over . 
 and shortly after being up straight , she fell over . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 gizzard screamed as he scrambled out of the tree to meet her . 
 `` lemon say something . 
 do something . 
 just please - '' though he too fell out of the tree and landed with a loud thud . 
 he picked himself back up . 
 `` uff ! 
 still be breathing ! '' 
 lemon slowly stood up steadier this time . 
 she looked at her friend and smiled . 
 `` i 'm okay . '' 
 she clacked her teeth . 
 `` but where 'd these leaves come from ? '' 
 gizzard nervously licked his lips . 
 he adverted his bright green eyes as he shrugged . 
 lemon thought that his eyes were glowing softly . 
 he then placed his hands in his pockets and his eyes light up . 
 `` oh ! '' 
 he gasped . 
 `` i went and got breakfast ! '' 
 he pulled out the fresh fruit from his pocket . 
 he handed her the orange . 
 `` i found and got some apples and pears too . '' 
 he smiled at her . 
 lemon gratefully took the orange and began to peel it . 
 `` so , have you ever noticed that when you 're nervous , you lick your lips ? '' 
 she asked casually . 
 she pulled a slice of orange off the fruit and took a bite of it . 
 `` i 've never thought about it before . '' 
 gizzard shrugged . 
 lemon began stretching as she climbed out of the pile of autumn leaves . 
 `` i hate to ask , '' she began by snapping morse code with her fingers . 
 `` but can you ... just stare at that tree for a little bit ? '' 
 gizzard gave her a suspect look . 
 then he took noticed of the odd ways her knees where tapping together . 
 it looked like how a toddler stood when they needed to go . 
 he looked up into her baby blues . 
 `` next time , just say you have to pee . '' 
 he stated as he turned on his heals toward a tree . 
 `` go find a place . 
 scream if you need me . '' 
 he sat down staring at the tree . 
 `` ' kay . 
 hold on to this for me . '' 
 lemon handed him the orange before rushing off to find a suitable restroom in the woods . 
 she found a spot and used some autumn leaves as toilet paper . 
 with her business done and her bladder relieved , she made her way back to the tree . 
 gizzard was sitting by the tree eating an apple . 
 he held the orange out in his hand . 
 `` you awake now ? '' 
 he asked , never lifting his gaze off of the tree . 
 `` yes . '' 
 lemon answered by clacking her teeth . 
 she took the orange and began eating it . 
 `` so , '' she snapped her fingers , `` shall we continue our trek to civilization ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 gizzard stood up . 
 `` the creek is over this way . 
 we should follow it . '' 
 `` just like yesterday . '' 
 lemon nodded . 
 `` we should keep an eye out for that strange man too . '' 
 `` if we 're lucky , we can out run him . '' 
 gizzard stated . 
 `` besides , he has a job someplace . 
 that should keep him busy for a few hours at least . '' 
 `` that 's good at least . '' 
 she sighed a sigh of relief . 
 `` i 'm sure my mom and sister are worried about me . '' 
 `` what is your family like ? '' 
 the brunette asked . 
 `` my family ? 
 well , my dad went missing when i was young , so i do n't remember him very much . 
 my mom is constantly working . 
 she has various jobs . 
 she wants sister and me to have the best that she can afford to give us . 
 my sister has a small job right now . 
 she 's not sure what she wants to do yet . 
 but she likes to play the drums and paint . 
 she gets some freelance painting jobs every so often . 
 she also has lime green hair . 
 this is one of the many reasons we call her lime . 
 like people call me lemon . '' 
 the blond giggled to herself . 
 gizzard made a face . 
 `` her hair is lime green ? 
 why did she dye it that color ? '' 
 `` ' cause she wanted to . '' 
 lemon shrugged . 
 `` our nicknames have been lime and lemon since i was a baby . 
 so it did n't really surprise me when she dyed it . '' 
 `` i guess that makes sense . '' 
 the brunette finished off his apple . 
 `` so what about you ? 
 what is your family like ? '' 
 the blond girl questioned curiously . 
 `` my family ? '' 
 the boy said thoughtfully . 
 `` well , my mom and dad are nice . 
 it 's been years since i 've seen them . 
 dad is in the military . 
 he taught my brother and me morse code when i was in elementary . 
 mom is a secretary at some company , i think . 
 my brother is really into sports . 
 he really loves basketball and tennis . '' 
 gizzard took a deep breath . 
 `` i really miss them . '' 
 `` i 'm sure they miss you too . 
 they 're probably really worried and searching everywhere too . '' 
 the blond girl assured him . 
 `` but how did you end up back there ? '' 
 `` i was walking home alone from a boy scout club meeting . 
 that man , '' he gritted his teeth , `` he pulled up and offered to drive me home . 
 he was very nice and concern about me getting hurt on the way home . 
 i had met him before . 
 he was well respected by everyone . 
 so i trusted him . 
 but he never took me home . '' 
 water built up on the rims of his green eyes . 
 `` he said i was his and his alone . 
 i was his property as far as he was concern . 
 he made me do labor work like cleaning and rearranging his furniture . 
 he kept me chained and gagged in a spare room in his house when the police were looking for me . 
 i remember hearing him talking to them so casually and concerned about a lost boy . 
 he 's such a good actor . 
 he is such a good snake that he makes the other snakes look like lambs . '' 
 he hissed in anger . 
 `` he got a new job around here shortly after things began to die down . 
 he bought that cabin there . 
 he moved me in a u-haul truck up here . '' 
 lemon placed a kind hand on his shoulder . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 we 'll go to the police and they 'll catch him and stop him . 
 he 'll never hurt you or anyone again . '' 
 she assured him . 
 he looked up at her and smiled . 
 chapter 4 : search party ahoy ! 
 the police and their dogs were running amuck around the town . 
 the dogs were following the young girl 's scent around the town . 
 other police were talking to anyone and everyone . 
 they were carrying pictures of the young blond with them . 
 it had already been over 24 hours since she went missing , and they needed to find her as quickly as possible . 
 mama julie had found her way to the forest near the park . 
 the dog was barking frantically as she pulled the officer into the foliage . 
 the officer craned her neck around and put her hand up to her mouth . 
 `` mama julie is picking something up here . 
 bring some other dogs here . 
 we might have some more luck here . '' 
 she called the others . 
 an officer ran over with a strong german shepherd at his side . 
 the name on the tag on his chest saying , ` charlie phillips . ' 
 `` take this radio with you . '' 
 he handed her a walkie talkie so she could call others if needed . 
 a few others joined them and they set off in the woods . 
 the pit bull pulled at the leash , dragging the officer forward violently . 
 the dog was determined to find the young girl . 
 they followed the scent trail to a tree with green pine needles . 
 the dogs sniffed the tree and barked loudly . 
 upon closer inspection the officers spotting blood on the tree . 
 `` send forensics out here . '' 
 one of the officers said into his walkie talkie . 
 `` we 've found blood on a tree in the woods . '' 
 `` got it . '' 
 a dispatcher replied . 
 `` we 're sending them right now . 
 where in the woods are you guys ? '' 
 `` not sure . 
 we 've been planting flags with tape connecting them every so many yards . '' 
 the officer stated . 
 `` i 'm being pulled off again . '' 
 the officer with mama julie stated as the pit bull pulled her on farther into the woods . 
 after a few minutes , mama julie came up to a window of a wooden cabin . 
 the dog parked as she hopped up . 
 her paws crawling at the glass of the window . 
 the officer looked through the window . 
 her eyes widened as she took in the sight . 
 there were chains bolted to the wall . 
 she saw the small claw marks on the floor and more blood stains . 
 the officer reached for the radio on her shoulder . 
 `` we 've got a cabin here . 
 i can see chains and a blood stain inside through a window . 
 send the forensics here too . 
 and back up ! '' 
 the other two officers came running up with their dogs . 
 they planted flags and tired tape around the house . 
 `` got it ! '' 
 the dispatcher replied . 
 `` back up and forensics is on their way . '' 
 they waited for a little while for other officers to arrive . 
 they had found a gravel path that led to the wooden cabin . 
 two cop cars pulled up to the house . 
 behind them is a black van . 
 the forensics team hopped out of the van quickly . 
 `` where 's the tree with the blood ? '' 
 one of them questions as they grab a kit from the back . 
 the others head up to the porch . 
 `` that way . 
 we 've taped the tree off . '' 
 the officer with a name tag , ` richards ' stated . 
 `` we 've walked around the house and knocked on the door . '' 
 officer phillips added . 
 `` we did n't see anyone and no one answered the door . '' 
 `` got it . '' 
 officer thomas replied . 
 he turned to face the other officer in his car . 
 `` call a judge . 
 we 'll need a warrant if we want to use that evidence in court . '' 
 he ordered the deputy in the passenger seat . 
 the young man in the passenger seat grabbed the radio in the center of the dash . 
 back in the town , sherbet and her daughter were working with the police . 
 they needed to get a search team ready . 
 `` how long will it take before we can search through the woods ? '' 
 lime asked a brown eye officer . 
 `` we need to get so many people signed up for search . 
 we need to have them sign up and put in groups . 
 then we need to grid the forest out . 
 then we have to carefully send those people to their designated grid and explain the safety procedures to everyone . 
 those things take a lot of time . '' 
 the officer explained . 
 his tag read , ` bobby bowe . ' 
 he was running on next to nothing . 
 he had already pulled two all-nighters , and now he was working on his third . 
 lime sighed at this . 
 she caught his attitude and while she did n't completely understand , she could relate . 
 she was snippy too . 
 she was so flustered that she could n't even make a stroke with her paint brush . 
 the green haired girl walked away from the desk and plopped down into a dark blue chair like the ones someone usually sits in in elementary school . 
 she pulled out a cell phone from her front jeans pocket . 
 she flicked on the screen . 
 her blue eyes squinted at the sudden brightness that greeted her tired blue eyes . 
 she tapped on her contacts and scrolled down until she saw a familiar name . 
 she tapped on the name and began forming a text message . 
 `` hi callie , i 'm still at the police station . 
 want to organize a search party to help find my little sister . 
 can you help me get some people to get her please ? '' 
 she tapped the send button and then glanced at the time on her phone . 
 it was barely 10:30 in the morning . 
 it would be at least an hour and a half before callie would roll out of bed . 
 callie now lived elsewhere , but she was back in town for the week . 
 the college student was relieved to finally have a break . 
 she was sleeping late though , sometimes to 3 o’clock ! 
 `` excuse me , '' a male walked up the officer 's desk . 
 `` but i 'm looking for lime esmerald . 
 i was told she was here . '' 
 lime jerked her head up at the sound of her name . 
 the man at the desk was young , mid-20s at most . 
 he was a good 6 foot and had brown hair . 
 his skin was tan . 
 he looked like he could be of native american decent . 
 lime stood up nervously . 
 `` i 'm right here . '' 
 she stated . 
 `` are you here about my sister ? '' 
 she asked sounding hopeful . 
 the man tilted his head , the long earring he wore jingling with the movement . 
 it was a dream catcher with three different bird feathers dangling from it . 
 `` pardon ? '' 
 he muttered . 
 then he straightened and gave a soft smile . 
 `` i 'm rock . '' 
 he stated as he extended his hand . 
 `` i paid you to do two paintings of my little brother . 
 one from the picture i sent you and the other an age progression . '' 
 `` oh ! '' 
 the green haired girl grasped . 
 she remembered that commission . 
 it was strange , but she had finished two days ago . 
 `` it 's very nice to meet you . 
 the paintings are at my house . 
 but ... '' she glanced at the officer at the desk . 
 `` just go . 
 we 'll call as soon as we get anything . '' 
 officer bowe waved a hand from his desk . 
 `` can i ask you something ? '' 
 rock asked as they walked out of the station . 
 `` hm-mm . '' 
 lime nodded . 
 `` why are you at the police station ? '' 
 he asked as he walked to a black car . 
 `` i brought my car . 
 we can take it or walk . 
 whichever is more comfortable for you . '' 
 `` i 'd prefer to walk please . '' 
 lime answered . 
 in light of everything that was going on in her life , walking seemed a lot safer than getting in the car with someone . 
 the car beeped and they continued walking . 
 `` so ... did i cross a personal line miss artist ? '' 
 he said with a light smile . 
 `` if so , then i apologize . '' 
 no . '' 
 lime shook her head . 
 `` my sister 's gone missing . 
 she has n't come home yet and we ca n't find her . 
 that 's why i was at the police station . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 rock 's voice hit a high octave . 
 `` how long has she been missing ? '' 
 `` about a day now . '' 
 lime answered as she looked down at her sneakers . 
 `` have you done a search party yet ? '' 
 he questioned . 
 his green eyes were wide . 
 sweat was forming on his forehead . 
 it was like he had just woke up from a bad dream . 
 `` the police are looking , but the officers say we do n't have enough people for a search party yet . '' 
 lime replied solemnly . 
 `` the number is n't important . 
 just as long as someone is looking , that 's all that matters . '' 
 rock stated as he grabbed her shoulder . 
 `` come on , i 'll help you . 
 we 're do you want to look ? 
 we need to find her . 
 the more time that passes , the less likely you 'll find her . '' 
 lime stared up at him . 
 `` but your paintings ? '' 
 she muttered . 
 `` those can wait . 
 your sister comes first . '' 
 rock stated . 
 `` now where do you want to look ? 
 you want to get anyone else to help ? 
 come on , let 's go . '' 
 `` some of the dogs have picked up her scent in the woods by the park . '' 
 lime answered . 
 `` good . 
 we 'll start looking there . '' 
 rock stated . 
 `` where is it ? 
 do you want to get anyone else ? 
 a map would be good to get too . '' 
 `` this way . '' 
 lime pointed in the direction . 
 `` but it 's a long walk . '' 
 `` you want to take my car ? '' 
 rock asked as he unclipped his keys off of the loop of his pants . 
 `` sure . 
 but why are you so concerned ? '' 
 lime asked . 
 `` i 've always heard that city folk are n't always so ... well , worried about people they do n't know . '' 
 rock laughed at that . 
 `` i may be from the city , but i was taught to help and be courteous . 
 plus , i know how it feels when a family member is missing . '' 
 `` you do ? '' 
 lime questioned as rock unlocked the car . 
 the green haired girl sat down in the passenger seat . 
 `` how so ? '' 
 `` my little brother , '' rock stated as he crunk the car up , `` went missing too . '' 
 he put the car in drive . 
 `` which way ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` turn right up here . 
 then a left after three red lights . '' 
 lime answered . 
 `` is he okay ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 `` he was walking home from boy scouts by himself . '' 
 rock stated . 
 `` he never made it home . 
 we still have n't found him . 
 but we 're not giving up . 
 that 's why i hired you to do those paintings . 
 i 'm planning on hanging them in a window of a coffee shop . 
 i figure more people would stop and look at a painting then at a sign . '' 
 `` do do do do ! '' 
 lime 's phone began to play the theme song to super mario brothers . 
 rock raised an eyebrow and smirked . 
 `` is that super mario ? '' 
 he stifled a laugh . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 lime replied as she grabbed her phone . 
 she flicked the screen on . 
 it was callie ! 
 and more amazing , it was 11 o’clock ! 
 `` i 'm already on it ! '' 
 the text read . 
 `` where you want to meet up ? '' 
 `` my friend wants to meet us there . '' 
 lime stated . 
 `` good . 
 the more the better . '' 
 rock responded as he pulled into the parking lot of the park . 
 lime looked up in awe . 
 `` we sure got here fast . '' 
 she muttered . 
 rock placed his hand behind his head . 
 `` yeah . 
 i 'm a speeder . '' 
 he chuckled nervously . 
 `` we 'll wait on your friend okay . '' 
 `` kay . '' 
 lime nodded as she began typing callie back . 
 `` thank you so much . 
 meet up at the park parking lot . 
 i 'm already here . '' 
 lime pressed send and smiled to herself . 
 she looked up to find rock staring at his phone . 
 he was tapping away on the screen . 
 he glanced up at her and smiled . 
 he turned the phone to face her . 
 `` this look right to you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 google maps was on the screen . 
 the map showed the forest and a small line that represented a popular hiking trail through it . 
 `` yep . '' 
 lime nodded . 
 `` though there are more trails then that one . '' 
 `` figures . '' 
 rock rolled his eyes . 
 `` google maps , while you 're compact and portable , you 're just not perfect . 
 you 're full of tiny glitches . 
 but you gps , so i can always find the bookstore . 
 so i guess you 're not that bad . '' 
 lime giggled at his strange conversation with his phone . 
 her phone went off and she picked it up . 
 `` kk . 
 me and some others will be there in a bit . '' 
 callie texted . 
 lime responded , `` thanks tons . '' 
 while lime was testing her friend , rock flipped on the contacts on his phone . 
 he selected some names of his good friend . 
 `` i 'm going to be late . 
 the artist who did those paintings needs help . 
 her sister is missing . 
 can some of you guys come down and join a search party ? '' 
 rock sent his text as he opened the car door . 
 `` we should wait outside so your friends can spot us . '' 
 he went to get out , but was restrained by the seat belt . 
 the brunette male silently sat back down and unbuckled himself . 
 he then got out of the car . 
 lime raised an eyebrow at him as she joined him outside the car . 
 `` that did n't happen . 
 got it ? '' 
 he stated as he put his hands in his pocket . 
 `` really ? '' 
 lime stifled a laugh . 
 `` i think it did . '' 
 `` shush . 
 it did n't happen . 
 you 're just imagining things . '' 
 rock stated half seriously , half-jokingly . 
 `` sure i am . '' 
 the green haired girl shrugged . 
 `` so , what is your brother like ? '' 
 the green eyed boy sat on the hood of his car as he stared at his boots . 
 `` he 's nice . 
 i used to think that he was annoying when he would follow me around , but now i miss that . 
 he likes boy scouts . 
 he loves playing cops and robbers . 
 he would play doctor to his soldiers when they got hurt . '' 
 `` that sounds nice . '' 
 lime nodded . 
 `` what about your sister ? 
 what is she like ? '' 
 rock asked curiously . 
 `` she 's a sweet heart ! '' 
 lime beamed . 
 `` she 's mute , so she usually sticks to herself . 
 she likes cartoons and drawing in her notebook . '' 
 `` there you are ! '' 
 callie called . 
 her window was rolled down . 
 she parked her small silver car next to rock . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 she asked curiously as she scrutinized the young man . 
 `` i 'm rock . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` it 's a pleasure to meet you . 
 what 's your name ? '' 
 `` i 'm callie ! '' 
 she smiled as she got out of her car . 
 `` this is julia , rosa , and bob . '' 
 she gestured to the other three young adults who got out of her car . 
 `` we 're searching through the woods ? '' 
 she asked lime as she hugged her . 
 `` yep . '' 
 lime nodded . 
 `` good . 
 i heard that one of the dogs caught her scent on a tree . '' 
 bob nodded . 
 his dad was a cop , so he probably heard it from him . 
 the chess club captain began to walk to a trail . 
 `` so let 's get this search party on the road . 
 i 've already called , texted , and email everyone one on the chess club , book club , drama club that i could . '' 
 `` i called the dance and cheer squad . '' 
 rosa stated . 
 `` they 'll hopefully join us in a bit . '' 
 `` i also brought maps ! '' 
 julie stated as she pulled out several folded up pamphlets . 
 `` i also brought some compasses ! '' 
 she beamed as she handed a pamphlet and compass to everyone . 
 `` that way , if we get lost , we have a way of getting back . '' 
 callie smiled . 
 `` let 's go , the others can find their way when they get here . '' 
 they walked into the woods . 
 they pick a direction and headed forward . 
 they checked the tall grass . 
 they looked up into the trees . 
 after all , lemon was very good at climbing trees , so it would n't surprise any of them if she was up in one . 
 rock seemed to be a master at climbing trees himself as he quickly went up a large tree . 
 he went to the highest branch and stared out into the horizon . 
 `` i do n't see anything that looks like a person . 
 your sister is blond right ? '' 
 he called down . 
 `` yeah ! '' 
 lime nodded . 
 `` we came from that direction , so let 's try going this way . '' 
 bob stated as he pointed further into the forest . 
 by this time others had joined in on the search . 
 many were graduates who still lived in the town as they tried to figure out what to do with their lives . 
 others were seniors who were skipping class , but hey , at least they were doing something productive instead of heroin or spice . 
 each person had a map of the woods . 
 they were putting tiny xs on the areas they had visited so far . 
 further into the luxurious green labyrinth were the two lost children . 
 they were following the stream . 
 it seemed to have become deeper and wider , and to their surprised there were some small fish in the stream . 
 the presence of the small aquatic animal made them agree that the stream had now become a river . 
 `` so how far do you think it is ? '' 
 gizzard asked curiously . 
 the green eyed boy took a bite of the small pear in his hand . 
 `` not sure . '' 
 lemon tapped on his shoulder . 
 her mouth was too busy chewing a slice of orange . 
 `` i 'm sure we 'll get there if we keep going in one direction . '' 
 `` true , better than staying still . '' 
 the brunette mused . 
 the ground flew up at the back of their heels . 
 they jumped at the sudden explosion . 
 they examined the dirt and saw the shine of a bullet . 
 the air stuck in their throats as they hand was clutched on a hunting rifle . 
 `` come back here now . '' 
 he hissed . 
 his breath was ragged . 
 gizzard shook his head violently . 
 `` now . 
 now . '' 
 the tall man tried to be sly . 
 `` come on home with me now . 
 you 've caused enough trouble already . 
 so please be a good boy . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 lemon clacked her teeth . 
 the blond was shaking her head vigorously . 
 she had seen this man before . 
 she had spoken to him . 
 he seemed so nice . 
 so kind . 
 `` he is such a good snake that he makes the other snakes look like lambs . '' 
 gizzard 's words from the night before echoed in her head . 
 the blonde 's shocked expression turned into a scowl . 
 `` how could you ? '' 
 she clacked her teeth . 
 `` if you 're going to be so defiant , i guess i 'll just have to teach you to be a good boy again . '' 
 he stated as he pointed the barrel at them . 
 gizzard grabbed lemon 's arm and turned her around . 
 they needed to get away . 
 he pulled her away as her feet did n't seem to want to move . 
 the whole time the blue eyed girl was screaming at the man with the gun in rage . 
 `` shush . '' 
 he called to her . 
 `` just run so we can escape . '' 
 the ground was popping up where his bullets were landing . 
 small pieces of bark were flying off the trees where bullets had skimmed them . 
 lemon soon started moving her own feet and the two picked up their pace . 
 the whole time , the man kept chasing them . 
 pausing every so often to reload the gun . 
 he was n't the best shot and with every miss , he became more and more frustrated . 
 he was glad that he remembered to equip a silencer to his deadly weapon . 
 he would n't want the cops to hear them , now would he ? 
 the two swerved around a large tree . 
 gizzard dared to look over his shoulder at his kidnapper . 
 a bullet flew against his shoulder . 
 luckily , the only damage was to his green hoodie . 
 he was grateful for the baggy clothes . 
 his eyes began to glow green as he wished that he would trip on a tree root . 
 he felt energy surge through his body . 
 his left arm sprung outwards . 
 his hand banged against the hard bark of the trunks . 
 they then turned sharply . 
 they continued over the leaves and breaking twigs . 
 all they could hear was their hearts pounding and the crunching under their feet . 
 gizzard gasped as he felt a hard tug at the collar of his hoodie . 
 he struggled and the opened his green eyes to see lemon . 
 her hands laid over his mouth . 
 her blue eyes stare through his coldly . 
 the blond girl had dragged him into a small cave that was concealed by a trees and moss and one big rock which made the entrance to the cave hard to see . 
 he was now against the rough wall of the small cave . 
 `` shush . '' 
 she ordered . 
 the brunette looked around , finally noticing his new surroundings . 
 lemon glanced outside y leaning back . 
 the man was in the woods , darting his head around . 
 `` where the hell did they go ? '' 
 he hissed . 
 lemon crouched to the ground . 
 she dragged gizzard down with her . 
 she pointed further down into the cave . 
 the two slowly inched back further into the small cave . 
 being careful not to crunch the leaves under them . 
 the man became agitated as he ran pass a tree . 
 he was n't a good hunter and felt ashamed that two children had gotten the better of him . 
 he saw something yellow move up ahead . 
 he made a dash for it , but his foot got stuck on a root and he tripped . 
 landing face first in the dirt . 
 it seemed as if the root of the large tree rose to trip him on purpose . 
 he let out a curse as he pulled himself up . 
 he spat dirt out of his mouth as he ran towards the yellow he had scene . 
 inside the cave , the two children were huddled up in the darkness . 
 they sat holding their breath . 
 each hoping the man would n't inspect the cave . 
 `` why do your eyes glow ? '' 
 the girl asked after a few minutes . 
 chapter 5 : mama julie `` why do your eyes glow ? '' 
 the baby blue eye girl asked after a few minutes . 
 the boy looked up in the direction of her voice shocked . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 he asked confused . 
 `` your eyes . 
 they glow ever so often . 
 why ? '' 
 lemon asked . 
 `` and do n't deny it , they 're glowing now . '' 
 the blond pointed to his glowing eyes . 
 her hand was illuminated softly by the bright green glow . 
 the boy 's voice was caught in his throat . 
 what was he supposed to say ? 
 he swallowed his spit as he tried to think of how to explain his peculiar eyes . 
 then he took in a deep breath . 
 `` what do you think causes them to glow ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` depends , if i guess right ? '' 
 lemon smiled . 
 `` i have a first edition copy of some super hero comics . '' 
 the boy smirked . 
 `` guess right , and i 'll let you borrow them . 
 only borrow . 
 and if you want , you can have one of them . 
 only one . 
 deal ? '' 
 the girl tapped her fingers on her chin as she thought it over . 
 then she smiled . 
 `` deal . '' 
 the two shook hands on the deal . 
 `` now , guess away . '' 
 he waved his hand as he lend back against the cave wall . 
 his eyes a soft dim light for them . 
 `` okay . '' 
 the blond took a deep breath to compose herself . 
 `` are you an alien ? '' 
 the boy leaned his head back and he let out a hearty laugh . 
 `` alien ? 
 do i look like some little green man ? 
 am i creating crop circles ? 
 i hate to disappoint , but i do n't have a flying saucer either . '' 
 `` okay . 
 i was wrong . '' 
 lemon crossed her arms as she gave a little pout . 
 `` are you a vampire ? '' 
 gizzard chuckled . 
 `` when did vampires have glowing eyes ? '' 
 lemon shrugged . 
 `` you never know . 
 i read a book in which vampires sparkle . '' 
 gizzard stale faced . 
 `` really ? 
 seriously ? '' 
 lemon simply nodded . 
 `` vampires do n't fucking sparkle . 
 whoever told you otherwise lied . '' 
 `` well frankly , i feel a bit like alice sitting here with you . '' 
 the blond stated . 
 `` well , why do n't you think like dorothy and head for the emerald city ? '' 
 gizzard teased with a broad smirk . 
 his green eyes beginning to glow brighter . 
 lemon shot up as she clasped her hands together . 
 `` that 's it ! '' 
 she exclaimed . 
 `` you 're a wizard , but not a fraud like oz . '' 
 gizzard chuckled . 
 `` yup . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` though i 'm wiccan and native american . 
 so i think the proper term is shaman or something . '' 
 `` so what all can you do ? '' 
 the blond asked curiously . 
 `` not much . '' 
 the brunette shrugged . 
 `` i can connect with nature and ask for their help . 
 such as tree roots tripping people . '' 
 he gave a nervous laugh with a notorious grin . 
 `` and some other simple things , like making fruit grow on trees . '' 
 `` so that 's how you got so much fruit this morning ! '' 
 the girl exclaimed . 
 the shaman boy chuckled . 
 `` yes . 
 that 's how i got the food . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` does that man know ? '' 
 lemon questioned . 
 the boy shook his head . 
 `` lucky for me . '' 
 he stated . 
 `` then why not use magic to escape ? '' 
 the blue eye girl questioned . 
 `` i have to be touching nature . '' 
 the boy explained . 
 `` there was n't any nature in that room i was in . 
 though it was torture seeing it through the window . '' 
 `` what about communicating with animals ? '' 
 the blond asked . 
 `` i ca n't do that . 
 it is a skill some people do have though . 
 but i do n't have it . 
 my brother has that skill . 
 though if you do n't regularly use it , it can become weak . 
 shamen are very careful with their skills . 
 they use this skill to help them talk to animal spirits . 
 it 's one of the reasons why native americans bless their food before they eat it . '' 
 `` interesting . 
 but you said you were wicken too . 
 is that because you use magic ? '' 
 `` no . 
 wiccan means i practice wicca . 
 wicca just means i worship nature instead of ` god ' like most people do . 
 i celebrate things like winter and summer solstice , where you probably celebrate christmas or easter . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 lemon was astonished . 
 was her world really so small ? 
 `` so being wiccan is like being christian , jewish , or islamic , or any other religion ? '' 
 `` yes it is . '' 
 gizzard nodded . 
 `` though it 's more like buddhism or confucianism . 
 it 's a philosophy . '' 
 `` i ca n't believe i did n't know about it . '' 
 lemon admitted in awe . 
 `` not many people do . '' 
 the brunette nodded . 
 `` do you - '' bark ! 
 bark ! 
 the two jumped at the sudden sound . 
 lemon crawled closed to the boy . 
 she gripped his hand tightly . 
 `` your eyes ! '' 
 she tapped in a hurry . 
 `` got it . '' 
 he tapped in return as he closed his eyes . 
 once calm , he opened his eyes . 
 his green eyes were as normal as any eyes could be . 
 `` they normal ? '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 lemon nodded in the darkness . 
 `` does he have a dog ? '' 
 `` no . 
 at least , i 've never seen one . '' 
 he replied in morse code . 
 the barking grew loud and closer . 
 the two teens shrunk up against the wall of the cave . 
 they were trapped . 
 they soon picked up a female voice . 
 `` mama julie ! '' 
 the woman seemed to whine . 
 `` please do n't jerk me so hard ! 
 you 're going to dislocate my shoulder . '' 
 mama julie must 've jerked her again , because it was followed by an ` ar-eep ! ' 
 sound . 
 the two exchanged looks . 
 then a bright light blasted them . 
 the two looked up at the bright light like deer ; they froze . 
 they just blankly stared as a large dog approached them . 
 the dog went up to the blue eye girl . 
 it smiled at as it let out a happy bark . 
 the dog walked around them with a happy skip in its step . 
 the girl 's blue eyes widened as her eyes followed the dog . 
 the black and reddish brown pit bull snuggled up next to her leg . 
 the dog came close to her face and gave her a great big kiss . 
 this caused lemon to laugh and pat the dog 's head as she tried to crane her head away from the dog 's affectionate kisses . 
 `` you 're her ! '' 
 the woman gasped . 
 the two soon realized that woman before them was a police officer . 
 `` i 'm so glad you 're safe ! 
 who are you ? '' 
 she asked taking notice of the brunette boy . 
 the boy simply smiled up at her as tears slowly gathered at the brim of his eyes . 
 `` please . '' 
 he chocked . 
 `` take us home . '' 
 the officer nodded as she grabbed the radio on his shoulder . 
 `` i found her ! 
 young ms. esmerald is in a cave in the woods . 
 there is a brunette boy here with her . 
 we need to get them to a medic for an examination to make sure they 're okay . 
 can we get some officers to escort them ? '' 
 `` got it . 
 can you take them to the cabin ? 
 a police cruiser there can take them to the hospital for an examination . '' 
 the dispatcher 's voice rung through the walkie talkie . 
 `` understood . '' 
 the officer turned towards the two small children . 
 `` can you two walk ? '' 
 the two nodded as they stood up . 
 mama julie happily prancing around them like a puppy in a circle . 
 lemon petted her as she went by her hand . 
 the officer grabbed hold of the pit bull 's leash . 
 `` stick close to me okay . '' 
 the officer ordered . 
 the children nodded . 
 the blonde grabbed a hold of the officer 's free hand . 
 the brunette grabbed the blonde 's other hand . 
 once all their hands were linked , they started on the trail back to the cabin . 
 in another part of the woods , the young adults were walking carefully through tall grass . 
 one girl was cringing at the idea of a bug crawling across her shoe . 
 then a loud sound shot up through the woods , causing the kids to all jump . 
 two boys imitated scooby-doo and shaggy , as one hopped up in the other 's arm and the two shivered in fear . 
 then they recognized the distinctive sound . 
 `` super mario ! '' 
 rock whined mockingly . 
 `` answer your phone . '' 
 lime turned red from the embarrassment . 
 she grabbed hold of her phone and clicked the answer button . 
 she timidly spoke , `` hello ? 
 lime here . '' 
 the green haired girl nodded as she listened carefully to the person on the other end . 
 `` really ? 
 you sure it 's her ! '' 
 tears blurred her vision . 
 `` is she okay ? 
 where is she ? 
 yes . 
 yes . 
 i 'll be right there . '' 
 she clicked the phone off and stared at the cell phone for a while . 
 `` they found her . '' 
 she mumbled softly . 
 `` they found her ! '' 
 she explained with joy . 
 `` good ! 
 where is she ? '' 
 rock asked as he quickly hopped out of the tree he was standing in . 
 he was hoping he could see something from up there . 
 `` they 're taking her to the hospital . '' 
 lime answered . 
 `` come on then , i 'll give you a ride . '' 
 rock stated as they began jogging towards the exit . 
 lime ran as fast as she could . 
 she was one of the first out of the woods . 
 the others were n't that surprise by how fast lime could run . 
 the green haired girl used to run track in middle school . 
 rock slid across the hood of his black sports car . 
 he opened the door , hopped in , buckled his seat belt , shut the door , and turned the car on in one fluid motion . 
 a boy in the marching band dropped his jaw and stared in amazement . 
 `` is your name connor ? '' 
 he asked in awe . 
 the young man laughed . 
 `` nah . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` my name is rock . 
 but thanks for the compliment . '' 
 lime hopped into the car and buckled up . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 rock asked with a smile . 
 his hand on the gear shift , ready to go . 
 `` take a left at the exit . 
 turn right four lights down . 
 go straight . 
 the hospital will be on the left . 
 there 's a hug sign . 
 you ca n't miss it . '' 
 lime said in one breath . 
 the boy nodded as he put his car in gear . 
 they zoomed to the town 's local hospital . 
 the others got into their cars . 
 some were going to go back to school . 
 others were going back to their jobs , and some would be joining their fried at the hospital with open arms , ready to give comforting hugs to family . 
 sherbet , the red headed single mother , was pacing the waiting area the hospital . 
 tears streamed down her red cheeks as she walked about . 
 her baby had been found and she felt greatly relieved for that . 
 but her baby had n't yet returned home . 
 she wanted nothing more than to embrace her baby girl in a big warm tight hug . 
 patients in the hospital watched the mother with solemn expressions in silence . 
 the nurses slowly called the patients back to see a doctor . 
 one child had just entered the waiting room with his mother . 
 the child had twisted his ankle while playing soccer with his friends . 
 he was walking on crutches and his foot and been wrapped up tightly . 
 he wobbled up to sherbet and tapped her arm . 
 `` excuse me . '' 
 he said softly . 
 sherbet paused and looked at the boy . 
 she gave the raven hair boy a soft smile . 
 the boy smiled up at her . 
 he reached into his pants ' pocket and pulled out a dum dum lollipop . 
 `` for you . '' 
 he stated as he held it up to her . 
 `` it 'll be okay . '' 
 `` thomas . '' 
 his mother gasped behind him as she came up . 
 `` pardon him , sherbet . '' 
 she stated nervously as she looked at the distraught mother . 
 `` no . 
 it 's okay . '' 
 sherbet stated as she accepted the piece of candy . 
 `` thank you very much thomas . '' 
 `` you 're welcome . 
 see you later . '' 
 the six year old stated as he wobbled outside to the car . 
 `` come on mama ! 
 i wan na go eat lunch . '' 
 his mother smiled at him as she walked over to her son . 
 `` see you later sherbet . '' 
 she whispered as she gave a wave . 
 sherbet waved goodbye with a soft smile . 
 shortly after , a black car came into the parking lot of the hospital . 
 a green hair girl hopped out of the passenger side and ran for the entrance of the hospital . 
 she stopped and jogged in place as she waited for the automated doors to open . 
 once the doors were opened , she ran inside the waiting room . 
 lime ran into her mother 's arms . 
 `` have they brought her here yet ? '' 
 lime asked , a few tears escaped her eyes and ran down her face . 
 rock came in shortly after her . 
 his walk was calmer , but he did seem very concern . 
 `` no . 
 she 's not here yet . 
 the police should have her here soon though . '' 
 sherbet answered . 
 `` well , that 's a relief . '' 
 rock stated as he nodded his head . 
 `` and you are ? '' 
 sherbet asked with a curious look . 
 she did n't recall knowing any native american young men around here . 
 `` this is rock . '' 
 lime stated . 
 `` he commissioned me to do those paintings for him . 
 he came by today to pick them up . 
 he was kind enough to help me and some others look through another part of the woods for her . '' 
 `` some of my friends even came up to help . '' 
 rock stated with smile . 
 `` it took a while for them to get here though . 
 i 'm glad they found you 're daughter so quickly . 
 you must be worried sick . 
 can i get you some juice or coffee ? '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 sherbet nodded . 
 `` but do n't worry about juice or coffee . 
 i 'll be fine . '' 
 rock simply smiled and he gave a soft nod . 
 the young man was rather tall . 
 he was obviously younger the red head , but he was a good half foot taller than the 5 foot 4 woman . 
 `` where is the vending machine here ? '' 
 he asked politely . 
 `` it 's over there . '' 
 lime stated as she pointed to the tall bulky machines lined up along a wall next to a water fountain and a dull blue sign stating , `` restrooms '' written in large beige white font . 
 the brunette male uttered a soft , `` thank you , '' as he walked over to the machines that give you food for coins . 
 he glanced over the items in the machines for a moment . 
 once he found an item he wanted , he pulled out his wallet . 
 he searched for spare coins and a few one dollar bills . 
 once he had his money , he put it into the machine and hoped the piece of machinery would n't eat it without giving him what he wanted . 
 he punched in the number code on the machine . 
 he waited a moment for the machine to release the food . 
 he grabbed the food and returned to where the two girls were . 
 the two kids freaked when they realized they were back at the cabin . 
 they grabbed on tightly to the officer and mama julie . 
 the officer comforted them as she took them to the police cruiser . 
 `` we 're going to take you to the hospital now . 
 okay ? '' 
 she stated softly . 
 the two nodded softly . 
 lemon and gizzard were ushered into a police cruiser . 
 a man with spikey raven hair was in the driver 's seat . 
 mama julie crawled into the back with the two teens . 
 the female officer closed the door and walked around and sat in the passenger seat . 
 `` hello kids , '' he began kindly , `` i 'm officer henry . 
 this is officer taylor . '' 
 he pointed towards the woman . 
 `` what are your names ? '' 
 lemon clacked morse code with her teeth . 
 `` i 'm lemon . '' 
 `` are you cold ? '' 
 officer henry questioned . 
 `` her name is lemon . 
 she 's mute . 
 that clacking sound is morse code . '' 
 gizzard explained . 
 `` oh . 
 i thought you only knew sign language . 
 so what about you , son ? 
 what 's your name ? '' 
 `` i ca n't remember . 
 it 's all a bit fuzzy . '' 
 the boy answered as he licked his lips nervously . 
 `` do you know where you live ? 
 we can take you home . '' 
 officer taylor stated . 
 he licked his lips nervously . 
 `` you wo n't let him hurt us , will you ? '' 
 he asked tentatively . 
 `` we 're the police . 
 of course we 'll protect you . 
 who do you think is going to hurt you ? '' 
 officer taylor questioned . 
 lemon sat up in her seat . 
 she twisted her body to point out the back window at the cabin . 
 `` he was kidnapped . '' 
 lemon clacked her teeth together . 
 officer taylor tilted her head and then grabbed a small note pad and a pen . 
 she handed it to the young girl . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i do n't know morse code . 
 can you write it ? '' 
 she said politely . 
 lemon nodded as she took the pen and scribbled down the note pad . 
 `` he was kidnapped . 
 i found him shackled in the cabin . '' 
 lemon handed the note pad to the officer . 
 the woman 's eyes widened as she read the note . 
 `` you were kidnapped ? '' 
 she asked in disbelief . 
 the boy nodded quickly . 
 `` he kidnapped me when i was in elementary . '' 
 the boy stated quickly . 
 `` but you look like you should be in high school . '' 
 officer henry stated as he looked at them through the rear view mirror . 
 `` i 've been missing for years . '' 
 the brunette stated as he glanced up and then back at his feet . 
 `` he trapped me in that place . 
 he said that i was his and his alone . 
 i 'm made to do house and yard work . 
 i 'm pretty much his little slave . 
 that man is a snake ! '' 
 the boy hissed in anger . 
 `` he 's still out there ! '' 
 he pointed out the window of the car , gesturing deep into the forest . 
 lemon grabbed the note pad and began scribbling quickly onto another piece of paper . 
 she handed it to officer taylor quickly . 
 `` he chased us with a gun . 
 that 's why we were in the cave . '' 
 officer taylor 's eyes widened in shock . 
 she ripped the walkie talkie piece from the police radio . 
 she quickly turned the radio on and began talking . 
 `` have police search the woods stat ! 
 there is a man accused of kidnapping in the woods . 
 suspect is said to have a gun . '' 
 officer henry turned down a road . 
 `` what does he look like ? '' 
 he asked . 
 he noticed the light was red and flicked the lights on his car and just went through it as others slowed and went to the side of the road . 
 `` he has short brown hair . 
 he wears glasses . 
 they usually have a small black frame . '' 
 gizzard stated . 
 `` he 's about 5 foot 4 , i think . 
 but i 'm not that sure . '' 
 `` the suspect has short brown hair and wears glasses . '' 
 officer taylor called into the radio . 
 by this time , the police radio was blowing up with cops asking curious questions . 
 `` suspect is said to own the wooden cabin . 
 get someone to find out who owns it and bring them in for questioning . '' 
 `` and here is the hospital . '' 
 officer henry announced as he pulled into a parking space at the hospital . 
 `` let 's have the doctors make sure you two are okay . '' 
 chapter 6 : hugs bring comfort the two police and pit bull escorted the two children into the hospital . 
 sherbet instantly began crying as she saw her blond baby girl . 
 lemon instantly let go of officer taylor 's hand and hopped into her mother 's arm . 
 tears rained down her face and flew off her cheeks as she ran into her mother 's loving embrace . 
 `` lemon ! '' 
 the red haired mother cried . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 lemon looked up at her mom and smiled . 
 her blue eyes still watering . 
 she nodded quickly . 
 `` i feel fine . '' 
 she signed to her mom . 
 `` i 'm glad to hear that . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` but the doctors will make sure of that . '' 
 `` i 'm glad to see you okay . 
 though you look like you slept in a tree . '' 
 lime stated as she hugged her sister tightly . 
 `` i did sleep in a tree . '' 
 lemon signed as she began to laugh . 
 her mother and sister exchanged looks in shock . 
 lemon 's laugh now had a sound to it . 
 it was a strange , soft sound , but a sound none the less . 
 this filled their hearts with joy as they embraced her in another hug . 
 lemon managed to escape the hug . 
 she signed quickly . 
 `` this is my new friend . '' 
 she pointed to the brunette boy with green eyes . 
 gizzard licked his lips nervously as he gave a soft wave . 
 `` i met him in the woods . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 sherbet asked in awe . 
 lime stared at him for a moment . 
 something about this boy struck a chord with her , though she was n't sure what it was . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 she asked as she signed . 
 `` i do n't remember that very well . 
 my nick name right now is gizzard though . '' 
 he stated softly . 
 `` lemon gave it to me . '' 
 `` well , gizzard , i 'm sherbet . 
 and this is my daughter lime . '' 
 the blue green eyed woman stated . 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 the boy gave this some thought . 
 `` scared and nervous . '' 
 he answered simply . 
 by this time , a nurse had approached them . 
 her brown hair was pulled back into a bun . 
 `` the doctors are ready to see you now . 
 if you would come with me . '' 
 she stated politely . 
 the two children went willingly with the nurse . 
 sherbet and lime went to follow the nurse . 
 `` can we come with her ? '' 
 sherbet asked as she walked beside the nurse . 
 the nurse smiled . 
 `` of course , mrs. esmerald . '' 
 a male nurse came and led gizzard down one hall . 
 officer henry went with the young boy . 
 gizzard waved bye to the blond girl who happily waved back . 
 before lemon went with the nurse to another room , a tall man approached them . 
 `` i have returned . '' 
 he announced . 
 `` and i see so have you . 
 what up ? '' 
 lemon tilted her head as she stared quizzically at the man . 
 `` who is he ? '' 
 she signed to her older sister . 
 `` this is rock . '' 
 lime stated with a smile . 
 `` he commissioned me to do those paintings of his brother . 
 he came to pick them up , but decided to help us search for you . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 lemon stated a loud in awe . 
 then she smiled at the tall man . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 she signed . 
 `` no problem . '' 
 he extended his hand for a shake . 
 `` you just try to stay safe now , okay ? '' 
 the two shook hands . 
 rock remained in the waiting room as the esmerald family went to another room to see a doctor . 
 rock sat in a beige metal folding chair . 
 he grabbed his phone from his pocket . 
 he turned on the screen and dialed the number he had memorized by heart long ago . 
 he pressed call and waited . 
 a soft ringing began three seconds later . 
 he hummed to himself as he patiently waited for an answer . 
 one ring . 
 three rings . 
 five rings . 
 as the seventh began , there was a click . 
 `` hello . '' 
 a familiar voice stated . 
 `` cherokee county police station . 
 this is detective hoover . 
 how may i help you ? '' 
 `` hey herbert . '' 
 rock stated with a solemn expression . 
 `` oh , hello mr. sahale . '' 
 detective herbert hoover replied . 
 his voice was tired . 
 he had spoken to the young adult on numerous occasions . 
 `` is there anything new about my brother , or the case ? '' 
 rock asked as he strummed his fingers on his knee . 
 `` sadly , no . '' 
 detective hoover answered with a very exasperated tone . 
 `` i have n't been able to find any new clues about cheveyo 's disappearance . 
 i 'm deeply sorry , but we are doing are best to find him . '' 
 `` i know herbert . 
 i know . '' 
 rock nodded . 
 he knew how much sleep the detective had lost . 
 the sacrifices he had made to track down every single lead that came in . 
 the detective had given up time with his wife and children . 
 birthdays , holidays , school performances , ball games , you name it ; detective hoover had probably missed it searching for the little boy . 
 `` i was just ... '' he paused as he swallowed his courage , `` hoping that a new lead had come up . '' 
 in the forest , the man was walking through the forest . 
 the two children had eluded him , but he was going to find them eventually . 
 they were going the further into the thick woods instead of towards civilization anyway . 
 he checked his ammo to make sure he had enough . 
 he really only needed two bullets , but with his terrible aim , he would need a lot more than just two small bullets . 
 he was thankful that he had three rounds of books in his pockets . 
 he was sure he had an extra clip or two in the backpack he had . 
 he stopped as he stared at a rather large rock . 
 would those two brats have climbed this ? 
 it certainly was a possibility . 
 though he was getting annoyed . 
 he had n't seen his targets in a while , and he was right behind them a few minutes ago . 
 he checked his watched . 
 he cursed as he noticed the time . 
 he had been searching for those two for almost an hour ! 
 he would have to make up a good excuse for his job . 
 stomach flu ? 
 that might work . 
 he could easily lie and say he ate some bad chinese . 
 he slung his back pack off his shoulder and sifted through . 
 he pulled a brown compass out of the bag . 
 he threw it back on his back and began walking towards the town . 
 he was a good woods man . 
 he remembered which way he had come . 
 he followed his trail in reverse . 
 he figured the two were too lost to be found anyway . 
 then he saw a man dressed in navy blue walking through the woods . 
 he then took in the sight of several other men and women , all in the same uniform . 
 he took note of the thick bullet proof vest they were wearing . 
 he sucked in a breath and hoped he could sneak pass them without being noticed . 
 lady luck had been on his side for all these years ; she would n't dare abandon him now . 
 `` hey you ! '' 
 an officer called . 
 the man began to walk faster , pretending not to hear the police man . 
 `` hey stop ! 
 i want to ask you some questions . '' 
 the officer began to chase the man . 
 the man just walked faster , hoping that the officer would just leave him be . 
 however , this was not going to work . 
 as the officer continued to call to him , other police men began to take notice of him . 
 then one officer stepped in front of him . 
 he could n't pretend not to hear them now . 
 though he wished his could . 
 `` stupid officer . '' 
 he thought to himself . 
 `` excuse me . '' 
 the officer stated as he put a hand in front of him . 
 `` oh ! '' 
 he pretended to act surprise . 
 `` hello officer . 
 how can i help you ? '' 
 he plastered a fake , sweet smile on his face . 
 `` may i ask what you 're doing out here ? '' 
 the officer asked . 
 `` i was out here hunting this morning . '' 
 he pointed in a far off direction . 
 `` i was n't able to catch anything , but i did fire a few bullets trying . '' 
 he lied . 
 he was n't sure if they would want to check the gun for spent rounds or not . 
 `` i got frustrated and got lost back there . 
 it 's rather thick that way . '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 the officer nodded with a smile . 
 `` can you come to the station and give that statement there . 
 for paper purposes , of course . '' 
 `` not a problem officer . 
 but what are you guys doing out here ? '' 
 he asked curiously . 
 he hoped they were n't there for what he thought they were . 
 `` one of the dogs picked up a scent of the missing girl around in the woods . 
 another one found a bullet casing and bullet . 
 we probably just over reacted a little . 
 for all i know , the bullet could be one of your spent ones from hunting . '' 
 the officer added . 
 `` we just got to cover our bases . 
 would n't want to mess up and have someone getting our hides . '' 
 he added with a laugh . 
 `` of course . '' 
 the man laughed along with the officer . 
 two officers walked him back to his car . 
 he threw his bag into the passenger seat of the car and carefully placed his gun in the back floor board . 
 he waved to the officers with a fake smile as he drove off . 
 `` great ! 
 just great ! '' 
 he yelled in frustration at himself . 
 `` now i 'm stuck talking to the police ! 
 when i get my hands on that boy ... '' he growled as he drove towards the police station . 
 at the police station , the man plastered a smile on his face . 
 he acted kind and innocent . 
 surely , the police had nothing against him . 
 his record was squeaky clean . 
 he had done nothing wrong at all . 
 he was just out doing a little hunting in the woods . 
 the police were polite with the man . 
 they took his information and entered it into their computer . 
 the man had no previous criminal record that they could find , but given the circumstances they sent a fax of the man 's driver license to the hospital to be put in a line up to be given to the children . 
 if this was their man , they did n't want to risk him getting rid of any evidence . 
 `` so , is this your current address ? '' 
 the police officer asked as he looked over the address on the license . 
 his name tag read horris . 
 `` yes sir . '' 
 the man nodded . 
 `` so tell me , where exactly is this address , mr. gret ? '' 
 the officer asked . 
 `` it 's a little cabin down the gravel trail in the woods . 
 i got it from a friend of mine . '' 
 the man smiled . 
 `` really ? '' 
 officer horris said in awe . 
 the police had found blood in a room at that very same cabin that day . 
 they had a warrant on this man . 
 `` so , why do n't you tell me what you were doing in the woods today , mr. gret . '' 
 he needed to keep him talking . 
 `` i was doing some hunting this morning . 
 i saw a very good size buck , and i decided to give it a try . 
 sadly , though , i 'm not the best shot . 
 the buck was also too fast for me , so i missed several times . 
 i chased the buck for a while and ended up getting a little lost . 
 so it took me a while to find my way back again . '' 
 `` interesting . '' 
 officer horris nodded . 
 `` well , mr. gret , are you aware that officers were at your home today . '' 
 mr. gret 's eyes widened behind his glasses . 
 `` wha ... wha ... what ? '' 
 he stammered as he tried to comprehend what the police man had said . 
 `` w ... why ? '' 
 `` it seems that there was blood found at your residence that a search dog picked up on . 
 can you explain that to us sir ? '' 
 the officer asked . 
 `` blood ? '' 
 mr. gret played dumbed . 
 `` i do n't recall any blood . '' 
 he twiddled with his fingers for a moment . 
 `` oh ! 
 wait , now i remember ! 
 i feel and scrapped my knees one day while going for a jog . 
 i must not have cleaned the carpet properly . 
 maybe that 's what the dog picked up on . '' 
 he lied quickly . 
 `` sadly sir , we have evidence that says the contrary . '' 
 the officer scowled at the man before him . 
 `` we did a search of your home . '' 
 `` wh ... what ! '' 
 mr. gret yelled as he slammed his hands on the table . 
 `` you have no right to search my home without my permission or a warrant ! '' 
 `` calm down sir . '' 
 officer horris stated . 
 `` you have no right . 
 that is a violation of the law to come into my house uninvited ! '' 
 mr. gret screamed . 
 `` calm down mr. gret . '' 
 officer horris stated . 
 but this did n't work ; the man went off on a tangent . 
 he was ranting and raving as officer horris just sat there and stared at the man with no expression on his face . 
 another officer named , joshua , came in . 
 he was tall man with a short black hair . 
 he was muscular and towered over the man . 
 `` mr. gret , '' he said in a stern tone , catching the enraged man 's attention . 
 `` please sit down and allow us to talk for a moment . '' 
 mr. gret stared at him . 
 his charcoal eyes almost looking afraid . 
 he became silent . 
 he deflated into his seat as officer joshua sat down across from him next to officer horris . 
 `` a dog picked up the scent of recent blood and the scent of a missing child around your residence . 
 we called the court house and got a warrant to search the house . 
 we have the warrant here if you 'd like to see it . '' 
 officer joshua pulled a folded up piece of paper out of his back pocket . 
 he unfolded it and slid it in front of the man . 
 the man grabbed the piece of paper . 
 he slid his glasses up the bridge of his nose that he could read the parcel . 
 his dark eyes glanced over the official document . 
 he scowled at the document as he put it back down on the table . 
 `` i have n't done anything wrong . '' 
 he stated simply . 
 `` now , mr. gret , '' officer horris shook his head as he stood up , `` you knows what happens next ? '' 
 he paused as pulled out a pair of hand cuffs from his pocket . 
 `` mr. richard gret , you are under arrest for suspicion of kidnapping and entrapment of a young man . '' 
 the officer stated . 
 `` you have the right to remain silent . 
 anything you say can and will be used against you in the court of law . 
 you have the right to an attorney . 
 if you can not afford an attorney , one will be appointed for you . '' 
 mr. gret remained silent as the officer placed the cuffs around his wrist . 
 he wore no expression as they carted him off to the county jail . 
 the doctor spoke softly to the young brunette boy . 
 the boy was currently staring around the sterilized white room . 
 he was trying hard to remember his name , but it kept escaping him . 
 the doctor had given him a small pad of paper and a box of eight crayons . 
 he was currently drawing pictures of trees and flowers . 
 the drawings were crude and hard to identify , but the boy was trying his best as he relayed his story to officer henry and the doctor . 
 `` so , what do you think doctor schwartz ? '' 
 officer henry asked as he glanced at the medical official . 
 `` i think he 's gone through a lot of trauma , which is why he ca n't remember his name yet . '' 
 dr. schwartz stated as he made a note on his pad . 
 `` we can take his prints and a sample of his dna and see if we get a hit in the missing person 's database . 
 but right now , we need to get him in better condition . 
 he has little to eat and nothing really nutritious . 
 i 'm amazed his teeth have n't begun to fall out yet . 
 he 's just lucky he does n't need surgery . '' 
 `` can we stop talking like i 'm not here ? '' 
 the boy spoke up as he looked up from his drawing . 
 `` sorry son . '' 
 the doctor stated . 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 `` a lot better now . 
 thank you . '' 
 the boy stated politely . 
 `` can i go see if lemon is okay , now ? '' 
 doctor schwartz tilted his head . 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` lemon . 
 she looks like this . '' 
 he rose up the pad to show a scribble of a stick person with yellow swirls around the head for hair and two blue dots for eyes . 
 `` she 's my friend ! 
 she found me . 
 is she okay ? '' 
 `` i 'm sure she 's just fine , champ . '' 
 officer henry stated with a smile . 
 `` why do n't we send a nurse to see if she 'd like to join us for lunch ? '' 
 he turned to the white haired doctor . 
 `` it would be best to get a good meal into their systems . '' 
 then another officer came into the room . 
 officer jones came into the room holding a black binder . 
 `` i have the lineup . '' 
 he stated . 
 `` is he well enough to look through it ? '' 
 `` what 's a lineup ? '' 
 gizzard asked curiously as he hopped off the tall rubber chair . 
 he lost his balance , but quickly regained it before his face vaulted into the floor . 
 once he was stable on his feet , he smiled up at the men around him . 
 `` a lineup is when we line a bunch of similar looking men or women , and we show them to the witness to see who committed a certain crime . '' 
 doctor schwartz explained . 
 `` in this case , these are pictures of men who match the description you gave us that we think might be the guy who kidnapped you . '' 
 officer henry concluded . 
 `` can i see the pictures ? '' 
 the green eyed boy asked softly . 
 `` and then we can go see lemon , right ? '' 
 `` i guess . '' 
 doctor schwartz nodded . 
 `` but if anything bothers you , do n't be afraid to tell us , okay ? '' 
 `` okay ! '' 
 he smiled up at the doctor . 
 officer jones knelt down in front of the boy and opened the small black binder . 
 inside were multiple color photos of various men . 
 `` are any of these men the one who kidnapped you ? '' 
 officer jones asked . 
 the green eyed boy glanced over the pictures one by one , and then he suddenly stopped . 
 he gulped and then took in a deep breath . 
 he pointed at one image in the center of the second to last row . 
 `` that 's him . '' 
 he stated as he stared at the picture . 
 `` that 's the man who took me . '' 
 he looked up at officer henry . 
 `` you 're going to make sure he ca n't hurt anyone else , are n't you ? '' 
 `` we 'll do our very best . '' 
 officer henry assured him . 
 `` go inform the others which one he identified . 
 have you sent one to the girl yet ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 officer jenny went to show the lineup to her as i came over here . '' 
 officer jones answered . 
 `` then let 's go get some lunch . '' 
 officer henry stated as he walked out of the room . 
 `` come on kiddo . '' 
 he gestured to the little boy who quickly rushed to follow him . 
 as they reached the waiting room , gizzard was grabbed suddenly from behind . 
 he yelped loudly , causing everyone to turn and stare at the boy . 
 he turned to see his assailant and gasped . 
 behind him was a girl with blond hair and blue eyes . 
 she smiled at him . 
 she had hugged him . 
 `` i 'm glad to see you 're okay . '' 
 she clacked her teeth happily . 
 he nodded happily . 
 `` likewise . '' 
 he stated . 
 then he glanced at her hands around his waist . 
 `` would you mind letting me go ? '' 
 lemon nodded as she let go of her friend . 
 `` well , hello there miss esmerald . '' 
 officer henry greeted the young girl . 
 `` would you like to join us for lunch in the cafeteria here ? '' 
 lemon turned towards her mom and big sister who were standing behind her . 
 `` can we ? '' 
 she signed to her mother . 
 `` i do n't see why not . '' 
 sherbet nodded . 
 `` the cafeteria is this way . '' 
 she stated as she began to walk towards the sign . 
 `` lime , why do n't you go invite rock ? 
 he 's still waiting on us . 
 he was kind enough to help us search for lemon . '' 
 `` ' kay . '' 
 lime stated as she walked over to get the young man . 
 `` hey rock . '' 
 lime greeted the tall man . 
 `` you want to come get something to eat with us in the cafeteria ? 
 when we get out of here , i 'll give you those paintings , okay ? '' 
 `` sounds good . '' 
 rock stood up and stretched . 
 `` how is your sister feeling ? '' 
 he asked kindly . 
 `` she 's feeling great . '' 
 the green haired girl stated . 
 `` though , i do n't think her friend can leave yet . 
 so we 're going to get lunch here with him and another officer . '' 
 `` friend ? '' 
 rock questioned as they walked over to join the others . 
 `` yeah . 
 they found another kid with her . '' 
 lime nodded . 
 `` he really is such a sweet heart . '' 
 `` that 's good . 
 did they call ... '' rock 's words fell short . 
 his tongue felt heavy in his tongue as he noticed the brunette boy . 
 he was walking beside the blond girl . 
 rock stood behind him for a moment , unable to move his feet which seemed to turn into lead . 
 he felt a pain in his chest as he stared at the boy . 
 he looked a lot like his own little brother . 
 the umber brown hair was shorter in the back going down to the base of his neck . 
 in the front , his bangs on left side were long and went down pass his shoulders . 
 a hair style similar to what his brother had , but longer and unkempt . 
 the hair color was the exact same shade . 
 the green hoodie that wrapped around his body was filthy and tattered , but on the right arm in faded white letters was the name of a well-known basketball team . 
 it looked just like the old one he had given his little brother because he was out growing it and did n't want to throw it away . 
 his jeans were ripped and covered in dirt and paint . 
 his bare feet were bruised and covered in dirt and grass , just like the rest of him . 
 `` rock ? '' 
 lime asked , regaining his attention . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 his brain clicked on as he turned to face the confused green haired girl . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 the light green haired girl asked . 
 `` yeah . 
 i 'm fine . '' 
 rock asserted . 
 he tried his best to stop comparing the small boy to his missing little brother . 
 it was n't possible . 
 he had stopped boys resembling his brother to see if they were him with vain hope . 
 each time had been a failure . 
 he needed to keep calm . 
 this one would just be another one of those instances , and the last thing he needed was to be viewed as a crazy person . 
 they each walked along the food bar in the cafeteria , putting what they wanted onto their plates . 
 they sat down at a rectangular , light grey table . 
 lemon began to push her hair behind her shoulders so that it would n't get in her food , but her light blond hair defied her . 
 her hair kept creeping over her shoulder 's every time , threatening to enter her food . 
 `` here . 
 let me help you . '' 
 sherbet pulled her youngest daughter 's hair back and wrapped into a pony tail . 
 once she was satisfied with the new hair due , she smiled . 
 `` now it wo n't get into your food . '' 
 she took the seat next to lemon . 
 lime sat on their mother 's other side . 
 gizzard sat across from lemon with officer henry beside him . 
 rock sat on the other side of the police man . 
 gizzard stared happily at his plate of food . 
 he was starving ! 
 but no matter how much his stomach grumbled ; he was n't sure what to eat first . 
 he picked up his fork and hovered it over his plate . 
 he then stabbed a chicken liver with the plastic fork and began to take huge bites out of it . 
 he hummed with glee . 
 `` do you like chicken livers ? '' 
 officer henry asked with a kind smile . 
 the boy looked up at the officer with a broad grin on his face and nodded . 
 `` that 's good . 
 i could never stand them . 
 i 'm glad someone likes them . '' 
 the boy stifled a laugh as he took another bite of food . 
 `` what about you ? 
 um ... i do n't think i 've met you yet . '' 
 the man stated as he addressed the tall young man beside him . 
 `` i 'm rock . '' 
 he nodded . 
 even though he was younger than the man beside him , he was still a few inches taller than the officer . 
 `` i hired miss lime to do some paintings for me . '' 
 he stated with a kind smile . 
 `` he even helped me organized a small search party to come look for lemon . '' 
 lime stated happily . 
 `` well , are n't you a kind person ? '' 
 officer henry smiled in approval . 
 the younger boy on the other side of the officer leaned back in his seat . 
 he could n't see the guy clearly through the tall police beside him . 
 his green eyes grew wide at the sight of the young man . 
 he was tall . 
 while not bulky from muscle , he had some lean muscle . 
 the earring he wore was a dream catcher with three bird feathers dangling from it . 
 his hair was cut short in the back , but he had a braid going down the left side of his face . 
 he recognized his face very well . 
 it was so familiar to him . 
 he stood there motionless as he stared intently at the man . 
 `` is something wrong kid ? '' 
 officer henry asked as he noticed the boy gawking . 
 gizzard 's chair leaned back a little too far as the chair fell over with the boy in it . 
 everyone rushed to help him with numerous questions . 
 once he was sitting up and they made sure he did n't have a concussion , the boy went back to staring at rock . 
 `` is something wrong ? '' 
 rock asked . 
 he felt uncomfortable with the boy staring at him . 
 he reached out his hand to touch the side of his face and stared into his hazel eyes . 
 `` brother . '' 
 he mumbled softly . 
 `` you look just like brother . '' 
 tears began to form on the brim of his eyes . 
 `` i do ? '' 
 rock tilted his head . 
 could this really be his missing little brother , cheveyo ? 
 if so , why had n't detective hoover been informed yet ? 
 what exactly was going on ? 
 `` can you tell me what your name is then ? '' 
 gizzard allowed a few tears to escape his eyes . 
 `` i do n't remember it . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 tears clung to his long eye lashes . 
 he glanced down at his hands in his lap . 
 `` do you have a little brother ? '' 
 the officer asked with concern . 
 `` yeah . 
 my little brother , cheveyo . 
 he went missing 7 years ago when he was in elementary . 
 the boy 's green eyes widened as he recognized the name . 
 he glanced at the faded green hoodie he was wearing . 
 he began tugging at the sleeves . 
 he pulled his arm inside the oversized top . 
 he then pushed the hoodie onto his shoulders and then pulled it over his head . 
 with the shirt now inside out , he began tracing over the collar and stopped as he grabbed the white tag inside . 
 he held it up like he had won a trophy . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 officer henry quizzed as he took the garment from the boy . 
 he stared at the name scribbled on the tag . 
 he fumbled as he tried to pronounce the name , but with no real success . 
 `` sahale ? '' 
 rock asked as he stared at the officer with a questionable look . 
 `` how do you spell that ? '' 
 officer henry asked curiously . 
 `` s-a-h-a-l-e . '' 
 the two boys spelled out as if they had rehearsed it a thousand times before . 
 the boy shot out of his seat with a smile across his face . 
 he instantly wrapped his arms around the older one . 
 `` brother ! 
 i knew it ! 
 it really is you ! '' 
 he cried as salty tears stained rock 's shirt . 
 `` so you really are cheveyo . '' 
 rock sighed with relief . 
 `` and here i thought i was just mistaken again . '' 
 he patted his little brother 's head . 
 `` you 're filthy . '' 
 he noted . 
 `` how 'd you get all the way over here ? '' 
 `` he took me . '' 
 cheveyo replied , relieved to know that he had found at least one family member again . 
 `` who 's he ? '' 
 rock asked . 
 `` has this guy been found ? '' 
 `` do n't worry ; the police have the man in custody . 
 he 's currently being booked as we speak . '' 
 officer henry comforted him . 
 `` though we were still working on identifying him . 
 i 'll give the other officers a ring to tell him we have an id on him now . 
 how do you pronounce your names again ? '' 
 `` sahale . 
 i 'm rock . 
 he 's cheveyo . '' 
 rock answered , pronouncing the names slowly and carefully . 
 the officer pulled out a note pad from his pants pocket . 
 `` write that down for me . '' 
 rock did that with a happy smile . 
 `` thank you . 
 i 'll be right back . 
 no more falling out of seats now , got it ? '' 
 `` yes sir . '' 
 cheveyo nodded . 
 officer henry gave him back the old faded hoodie before he walked off . 
 the green eyed boy put the hoodie back on before he sat back down to eat . 
 `` well , looks like you got a happy ending quicker than you expected , huh ? '' 
 lime smiled as she took a bite of her food . 
 `` hm-mm . '' 
 cheveyo nodded with delight as he grabbed his fork . 
 `` now eat your food . '' 
 rock ordered . 
 `` you 're too skinny . 
 and afterwards , i 'll see about getting you bathed until you 're squeaky clean . '' 
 he stated as he poked his little brother , who giggled happily . 
 `` i 'm not joking . 
 you smell terrible . '' 
 `` geez . 
 thanks rock . '' 
 cheveyo rolled his eyes as he popped a fork full of food in his mouth . 
 afterwards , cheveyo 's parents had been called . 
 they were on their way to the small town from their home . 
 from the way they sounded on the phone , they had just hopped into a car and began rolling as soon as his name was mention . 
 rock agreed to act as his little brother 's guardian until their parents arrived . 
 since both cheveyo and lemon seemed to get along well , sherbet offered to allow rock and cheveyo to stay at her residence . 
 they were currently sitting around in a circle in the living room floor . 
 the two children were nice and clean , rock had even gone to the point as to help cheveyo bathe , much to the younger 's protest . 
 now they were now sitting around a board game called sorry . 
 although it did n't matter how many times you said the title during the game , no one was ever really sorry when they bumped someone else back to the beginning of the game . 
 currently , lime proved that lady luck was her friend when it came to rolling dice . 
 the green haired girl had won at least 5 times . 
 rock did n't mind , he was just trying to help cheveyo roll something other than snake eyes . 
 lemon was used to her sister winning sorry all the time , so she did n't mind . 
 `` how about we play a different video game ? '' 
 lemon signed to her sister . 
 lime nodded . 
 `` that sounds like a good idea . 
 but which game should we play ? '' 
 lemon thought about it for a moment . 
 then a light bulb went off over her head . 
 `` be right back . '' 
 she signed before racing off to another one of the rooms in the house . 
 their father had made it as a game room , but so far they just used it as some sort of library . 
 the shelves on one side were lined with books . 
 the shelves on the other side , however , were lined with numerous video games . 
 their parents had collected them when they were younger . 
 lemon walked up to a shelf lined with several different consoles . 
 she picked one at random and picked it up . 
 she grabbed the drawer with the remotes and power cords . 
 she placed the console in it and then skimmed the title of games for it . 
 she grabbed a few at random and brought them down and plopped them into the drawer . 
 she picked up the drawer and went to join the others in the living room . 
 for the next few hours , the teens spent their time playing various games and talking smack about the games . 
 sherbet made various snacks as she watched them play . 
 she even played a few rounds of one of the games , stumping the other 's records easily . 
 they all praised the single mother as she did some bows . 
 a knock at the door caught their attention . 
 `` coming ! '' 
 sherbet called as she walked towards the door , leaving the teenagers to the video games . 
 she opened the door with a smile . 
 `` hello ! 
 how can i help you ? '' 
 she asked politely as her eyes greeted three adults and a happy dog . 
 she recognized the officer who had been there earlier , though she did n't recognize the other two adults . 
 `` mrs. esmerald , '' officer taylor introduced , `` this is mr. and mrs. sahale . '' 
 `` are our boys here ? '' 
 the man was wearing a naval uniform . 
 `` yeah . 
 they 're playing video games right now . 
 please come in . '' 
 sherbet stepped aside for them . 
 `` they 'll be happy to see you . '' 
 `` thank you for taking care of our boys . '' 
 the woman gave a sweet smiled . 
 `` i hope they have n't caused you any trouble . '' 
 `` no . 
 it was n't a problem . '' 
 sherbet nodded . 
 `` you and mama julie can come inside too , officer taylor . '' 
 `` thank you , mrs. esmerald . '' 
 she nodded as her and her happy pup entered the house . 
 `` we have company ! '' 
 sherbet called into the house . 
 `` so ya 'll better be willing to share the games . '' 
 `` kay ! '' 
 they answered in unison with lemon signing ` okay ' . 
 cheveyo recognized the company instantly . 
 he hoped up from his seat and rushed over to greet them . 
 but one of the cords got tangled around his foot , and he landed face first on to the carpet . 
 he looked up with a cheesy grin . 
 lime reached down and carefully untangled the boy . 
 rock helped him up and dusted him off some . 
 `` you guys sure made good time . '' 
 rock noted as he smiled up at his parents . 
 as soon as cheveyo was n't tangled up in any video game cords , he raced over and gave his parents a big huge . 
 the warm embrace was returned . 
 `` it 's so nice to see you . '' 
 cheveyo stated as he looked up at his parents . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he was cut short as his mother placed a finger over his mouth . 
 `` we 're just happy to hear that you 're okay . '' 
 she stated softly . 
 `` and here i was , about to give up hope of ever seeing my baby boy alive again . '' 
 mr. sahale muttered teary eyed . 
 he lifted his boy up into the air and smiled up at him . 
 `` you 've gotten so big . '' 
 cheveyo smiled and nodded as his own green eyes became watery . 
 `` sadly , you 've also gotten heavy . '' 
 he struggled to keep his son up , so he gently placed him down on the ground . 
 he rustled his hair with a smile . 
 cheveyo giggled as he hugged his father around the waist . 
 cheveyo and his family soon returned home . 
 the boy left in a car with his parents , while rock drove his black car behind him . 
 rock paid lime for the two paintings he ordered and left a large tip with it too . 
 he carefully loaded them into the back seat of his car , before following his parents . 
 mr. gret was now behind bars , convicted of several counts , including kidnapping , false imprisonment , enslavement , and child abuse . 
 cheveyo was currently working on catching up on the 7 years of life he had missed . 
 his parents believe education is very important and are helping him the best way they can . 
 he was very determined to catch up too . 
 lemon , herself , was grateful that it was all over now . 
 she had missed a lot of school days too , with the court trail and such . 
 but she did n't mind ; she was never that thrilled about school in the first place . 
 the blond girl still had to go though . 
 she was happy that they got a new sign language teacher , and this actually got to teach a sign language class on top of teaching her all her basic studies . 
 he was also a track coach , so everyone just called him coach . 
 he took the effort of making sure all the kinds could learn the basics of sign language . 
 lemon was even surprised to find that some of the classmates she had had previously signed up to take sign language one . 
 lemon just stayed in the classroom with coach creak . 
 when it came time for sign language class , she somehow , turned into a teacher 's assistant . 
 she would go around one half of the class room , going over basic signs with the other kids . 
 lemon thought it was funny when they tried to get her to talk . 
 she just signed , `` i 'm mute . '' 
 it was one of the first sentences they came to understand . 
 couch creak was just glad that the kids in the class at the moment seemed to be willing to learn . 
 though he kept mumbling , `` just watch , next year 's sign language 1 class probably wo n't want to be here . '' 
 it did n't take long for the class to realize that the teacher had a good sense of humor , and welcome jokes in the classroom . 
 though he would often make challenges of `` if you can sign that joke understandably , then i 'll give you 5 extra points on the next test . '' 
 needless to say , it was a great motivator for some students . 
 lemon also got to take breaks between subjects if she was doing well in them . 
 it was during these breaks that she would often write letters to cheveyo . 
 the two had agreed to stay in touch . 
 it was strange ; it was like she went for a run in the forest and brought back a brother . 
 it certainly made her day a little brighter . 
 cheveyo was intoned with things . 
 he had a habit of just sitting next to a person for a few minutes on the bus and be able to drop a gum drop of encouragement into their laps before departing . 
 while lemon could n't exactly speak with vocal cords , the green eye boy had opened her eyes to the fact that it did n't matter . 
 she was just her , and that was all that mattered . 
 she had her own voice and it was just as powerful and wonderful as all the other voices that rung throughout the world . 
 she just had to take the first steps into getting people to hear her voice . 
 ### about the author hello ! 
 my name is krissie gault . 
 currently , i 'm an art student pursuing a degree in animation . 
 i 've loved writing down my stories since i figured out that i could when i was 8 . 
 after thinking about publishing some of my work , i came to smashwords . 
 i live with my grandparents in a small house with a big yard . 
 i draw inspiration from the things around me and the dreams i have . 
 i 'm currently working on a book series , which i have dubbed , discovering . 
 other books by krissie spider princess - https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/351005 poetry collection - https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/357617 what should my wish be ? 
 - https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/351117 the little turtle 's super adventure - http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/367997 the itty bitty princess - https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/357294 connect with krissie gault smashwords : https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/krissie deviantart : http://deathmegasega3.deviantart.com/ twitter : https://twitter.com/krissieamaureen tumblr : http://krissieanamaureen.tumblr.com/ 
