 the bone cell richard futch the bone cell published by richard futch at smashwords copyright 2013 richard futch this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you are reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 chapter 1 : wake up call there was still about a half hour until dark and ian came over the mason 's back fence , through a cat-tail-filled ditch , and then down a seldom used path to where the trail widened . 
 connor pushed his bike behind a bramble hedge and made his way through a cut in the tall grass off to the right , passing beneath the overhanging branches of an old oak . 
 they came together at the discarded length of sewer pipe that had been there since forever and from there it was nothing to the tree . 
 neither said a word as they broke through the remaining grass fringe that encircled the stand of pine , willow and water oaks . 
 they looked up at what was left of the tree house . 
 that summer was long gone . 
 now it hung there like a loose , broken tooth , just a jumble of dangerous jags of warped wood and long-lost fun . 
 the last hurricane had really done it in . 
 `` well , what do you think ? '' 
 connor said . 
 `` i doan know , '' ian replied and kicked at the ground . 
 he looked into his friend 's face . 
 `` a gopher maybe ? '' 
 `` you ever seen one ? '' 
 ian admitted he had not . 
 `` it had wings . 
 you di n't see 'em ? '' 
 ian shrugged . 
 `` a bat , maybe ? '' 
 he shook his head , stared into the tree , said , `` i doan think so ... '' fifteen minutes later , just before the streetlights were due , a peculiar rustling whispered down from the upper reaches of the closest pine . 
 as both boys strained to pick through the shadows up there , one suddenly took the shape of a gigantic black bird , as big as a labrador puppy , inching its way into the dying light . 
 the only thing that broke its perfect , midnight hue was a pair of brilliant yellow eyes like honey in a dark barrel . 
 it blinked down at them and cawed . 
 then , incredibly , it said , in english , `` i 'm glad the both of you could make it . '' 
 the boys looked at one another and took a coordinated step back . 
 the bird shrugged its wings into a hunch along its back and bristled the feathers along its spine . 
 then it fanned its wings , revealing for a split second a large hole through the middle of the right one . 
 it hopped down to a lower , thicker branch and fixed its eyes back on them . 
 `` please do n't be alarmed , '' it said . 
 `` i wish neither of you any harm . 
 i hope you will forgive my dream-intrusion last night , but desperate times call for desperate measures . '' 
 they managed a nod . 
 the gigantic crow uttered a short , throaty caw and ruffled its ebony feathers again . 
 `` i know you think you should be going soon , but please give me a moment . 
 i have a few tricks that tend to make time a bit ... flexible , '' and with that it dropped down to eye-level and began its tale . 
 chapter 2 : where the road ran down past the pond , according to this strange bird , you could still see where the old shadow road trailed weakly back into what had long ago been the deep back . 
 this road had been built for logging initially , and later on , had been the only link to a spur of the illinois central rail line . 
 but now , if you did n't include the few scattered , rotting cross-ties here and there that poked out of the ground like stumbling-block tombstones , you 'd never know it ever existed at all . 
 `` and i was young then , my lads , '' it said in its strange , sad , almost human voice . 
 `` fresh from the egg . 
 i remember learning to fly as log wagons carted cypress stumps out of the swamp ages and ages ago . '' 
 it made a dry click in the back of its throat and scratched its beak quickly back and forth on the branch where it stood as if sharpening a knife . 
 it was then the boys noticed that one of its claws was useless , crippled , and pulled into a tight knot at the ebony underbelly . 
 it was also then that the boys noticed another more disconcerting strangeness . 
 there was no breeze , no other sound really , other than the bird 's voice . 
 a cloud bank that had been skirting across the face of the new moon had gone no farther . 
 there was no sound of crickets . 
 the boys stepped closer together and another step back . 
 the crow noticed and said , `` as i told you , i know a few tricks with time , which proves lucky for me as i ca n't tell you everything you need to know in one regular moment . '' 
 it cocked its head to the side like a dog and the eyes seemed to grow even yellower , verging to the tip of orange . 
 `` but you have to understand i would not have called you had it not been absolutely necessary . 
 `` you see my companion and i have a problem , a very bad problem . 
 however , not insurmountable , so i do n't think we 're done just yet . '' 
 it shook its feathers out again and let them ride back smoothly into place . 
 `` i 'll cut straight to the facts . 
 your talent has not gone unnoticed . '' 
 it paused as the look of wonder spread across both boys ' face . 
 a dry cackling laugh escaped it . 
 `` you thought you held this in secret ? '' 
 it cawed again , that weird half-laugh they recognized now as some bridge between mirth and amazement . 
 `` doubtless , you had to think others suspected , your mothers , your friends ? '' 
 it ruffled its wings again , shaking itself out until it was roughly the size of a grown beaver . 
 `` ahh , but you were not certain ... '' connor managed to find his voice . 
 `` what was that about we ? '' 
 he said . 
 the only thing he could think of at the moment . 
 `` oh yes , my companion and i , `` the crow replied . 
 `` she 's shy ... uncomfortable around people . 
 perhaps you 'll meet her later . '' 
 ian , a ball of tension , could control himself no longer . 
 `` what is this all about anyway ! '' 
 he stammered , grabbing hold of connor 's arm at the elbow . 
 for a moment it looked like they would bolt off into the paralyzed twilight . 
 `` please listen and i will tell you , '' it said . 
 `` you have a very great talent , boys . 
 i know you can feel it . 
 but i beg your patience . 
 rest assured , you 'll soon know my point . '' 
 it glanced up at the frozen cloud bank stuck to the moon . 
 `` if you 're still interested , that is . '' 
 the boys looked at each other and struck a mental bargain . 
 `` we got a little while , '' connor said . 
 `` good ! '' 
 the bird squawked . 
 `` first i must tell you about the church . '' 
 chapter 3 : the church `` now it sits broken in ruins deep in the forest about four miles from here , but once boys , it was simply magnificent ! 
 all marbled stone and brick , scrolled woodwork and stained-glass windows ! 
 and to top it all , beneath it an endless system of tunnels and corridors that wormed underground beneath the thick foundation for reasons unknown . 
 it was built a very long time ago by a foreign woman in fulfillment of a promise to god she 'd made years before . '' 
 the boys looked at one another , mystified and a bit unnerved by the thread of this strange tale that sounded a lot like something out of the brothers grimm . 
 they 'd seen the movie about these german storytellers and had a book of their tales hidden in a small box and buried beneath the drip-line of an old gnarled maple not far from here just because it felt right . 
 and knowing what they did about witches and goblins and other creatures known to feed themselves on waylaid children , they began to be a little afraid . 
 but the crow continued on , seemingly unaware . 
 `` the problem was the woman 's husband . 
 he was a round , boastful , lazy man who hated work , having never done any . 
 and even as he whined and complained , his wife secured them passage on a ship leaving for the new world , as they called it . '' 
 something silent passed between the boys . 
 new world ? 
 what was this crazy bird talking about ? 
 `` as far as she was concerned , '' the crow continued . 
 `` her mind was made . 
 but to help satisfy this lazy wretch she also purchased a huge tract of land for logging . '' 
 this last word came spitting out as if it tasted bad and smelled worse . 
 `` her plan was to build a great church in the wilderness , and no expense was too great . 
 she hired architects and masons from far and wide , had stone imported from quarries deep in the black forest and the tantagal range . 
 by the time she arrived with her family one fine spring it was almost complete , and she was delighted to find the small town that had sprung up along the outskirts of the church alive with happy workers and their families . 
 when the services finally began , all these people entered in a great , hushed awe . 
 children talked in whispers . 
 sweet old couples bowed their heads as they entered through the huge , oaken doors ... '' here the crow stopped and stared out into the strange stillness as the boys watched it . 
 `` but only for a while , '' it whispered , closing its eyes as if concentrating on the glory that had come and gone . 
 when it opened them again its voice was damp with sadness . 
 `` and now i need to tell you a little about myself , '' it said . 
 chapter 4 : the crow 's story `` as you may have guessed , since i 've made no introduction , i have no name . 
 in fact , i 've never known any animal or bird that did . 
 i was born the last of five chicks , the runt . 
 but oddly enough , i did not stay as such . 
 i can leave no mystery alone ; it is my weakness . 
 and this church was something like i 'd never seen . 
 so when i was n't hunting or perfecting my flying skills i would sit atop a sycamore and watch the work going on down there . 
 it really intrigued me , all that order from chaos , not to mention the steady stream of men in and out of a sort of cellar door , shovels and lanterns grasped in their sweaty , dirt-grimed hands . 
 `` let me add , curiosity has made me a collector , boys . 
 we , crows i mean , are known for our hoarding of trinkets , and even though i know it makes little sense stockpiling worthless objects , i still ca n't break the habit . 
 regardless , by the time the church was ready , i had a beautiful little hole in the crook of a hickory where i kept a lot of things i found . 
 not much more , really if the truth be told , than wooden nails and bits of colored cloth , but occasionally i would turn up an actual coin or belt buckle . 
 many was the night when i would nestle down in the hole and root through my things until daylight . 
 `` it was also around this time i first saw the woman and her brood . 
 she had a high , bright laugh and twinkling eyes . 
 an attitude of confidence and calm . 
 i thought it would be fine to have her looking over me and i envied the children . 
 `` when the services finally began i would sit high in that same sycamore , amazed by the sounds i heard coming from the huge stone building . 
 i had never experienced anything like it before ! 
 sure i was familiar with all the songs of other birds , but being a crow , i tried not to pay much attention to something i 'd never be any good at . 
 better to stick to thievery and bullying because as you can tell , my voice is rather throaty . 
 but the music i heard now paled all that i 'd heard before . 
 it brought images to my mind i 'd never known existed , '' and here it paused for a moment to gauge its audience . 
 ian seized the opportunity to ask a question that had been burning in his mind ever since the bird had first begun its tale . 
 `` so how do you do it ? '' 
 he asked , stepping suddenly forward . 
 the crow again tilted its head in that weird mechanical way as its feathers slowly settled about it . 
 `` do what ? '' 
 it asked . 
 `` stop time . '' 
 the crow actually threw back its head this time and barked out an eerily human laugh . 
 `` is that what i said ? '' 
 it fixed its yellow eyes hard upon them . 
 `` well , at least you said something like that , '' ian replied . 
 `` and just look around ... you 've got everything stopped around here ! 
 everything except us ! 
 and from what you 're sayin ' , you 're hundreds of years old too ! '' 
 and with that connor stepped up to his friend 's side . 
 the crow raised its wings and patted at the air as if requesting quiet at an unruly town meeting , even though a glint of humor played in its eyes . 
 `` first of all , '' it said . 
 `` it 's not actually stopping time . 
 it 's more like stepping into a fold in time . 
 imagine the inside of a tightly spun knot . 
 you 're in no danger , and you 're not missing anything on the outside . 
 and as to the uhh ... other thing , i am very old . 
 you have to believe me , these things i tell you are true . 
 do n't forget i have a favor to ask , one of the utmost importance . 
 `` what sort of favor ? '' 
 connor asked . 
 `` well , my friend , that part takes a bit more explanation . '' 
 ian looked at connor and the older boy scratched his head . 
 this was all getting too weird , but then they spied the cloud bank , right where it 'd been the whole time the crow was speaking , frozen in place against the moon , and nodded in agreement . 
 was n't weird where the wild things were ? 
 this time it was ian who spoke . 
 `` go ahead , '' he said . 
 the crow dropped from the branch to the ground . 
 `` i have to tell you how things went bad ... '' chapter 5 : the fall `` the fat man was n't necessarily evil at first , but laziness oftentimes opens the door for evil things which follow . 
 and it was n't his laziness alone that set what has become our problem in motion . 
 his character simply made him easy prey for people who were already , to their very core , evil . 
 `` remember , he only agreed to come to the new world -lrb- again that phrase -rrb- after the purchase of the timber enterprise . '' 
 the crow spoke the last two words with such venom that the frozen cloud bank actually slid a little farther to the left , but then the huge bird ruffled its feathers in agitation and the motion ceased . 
 the bird nodded at the dim moon and continued , the anger in its voice cutting rents in the air . 
 `` this operation murdered huge tracts of forest and all the unnumbered multitude of animals and birds that lived within its depths . 
 oh , it was a horrible time for the birches , the oaks , all the maples and pines , the huge pecans and delicate chinaberries ! 
 a terrible time ! 
 `` i lost many close friends . 
 `` but as , again , frequently happens when laziness is involved , the whole thing slowly ground to a halt . 
 and although gutted , the forest lived on . 
 the town flanking the edges of the church was mostly clapboard shacks filled with masons and lumberjacks , and although many of the tree-killers filtered away when the logging business failed , the ones who stayed behind proved the worst of the lot . 
 they began hunting and trapping for meat and skins . 
 many more of my friends and acquaintances disappeared . 
 many more of the good people moved away . 
 `` luckily , though , for the remaining few like me , many of these killers sold their bloody wares at a trading post closer to the river 's mouth and stayed there . 
 the wonderful woman forbid the sale of alcohol anywhere near the church and town , and since many of these scallywags stayed glassy-eyed with spirits most of the time anyway , they chose to move along rather than face her and the law troop she commanded . 
 but she unfortunately turned a blind eye to her husband . 
 who stayed around . 
 `` he ate and drank to delirium . 
 some feared him on the edge of madness , remaining indoors for large stretches of time , becoming a pale , though fat , shade of the sloth he 'd first been . 
 now , i believe he was simply biding his time . 
 perfecting his poison , so to speak . 
 `` because , you see , the youngest boy , their son , disappeared while swimming one day . 
 his body was never found . 
 and with his disappearance , the woman 's health soon declined . 
 and with this decline the newly-built church with its wonderful music slid into disrepair . 
 sometimes when i close my eyes and concentrate , i can almost hear it as it was . 
 on some dark nights i can almost see it ! 
 i picture her now , the woman with her two remaining children scarcely reaching her shoulders , entering the church with the townspeople flowing in behind like a tide pulled along by the moon . 
 `` and then she was dead . 
 `` one day i spied the oldest daughter coming alone to service , wrapped in a grief that hung so heavy and thick around her i could scarcely breathe . 
 the crowd that followed looked defeated . 
 grown men held their hats in front of their faces like shields , tears coursing down their faces . 
 women crying openly into handkerchiefs . 
 and that was the last of the music . 
 later in the week a small area was fenced off in a grove of elms and they buried her in the late afternoon shadow of her beloved church . 
 `` things got worse immediately . 
 `` no one came to the services any more , as if it represented what was forever lost and they could not bear it . 
 the priest left with the children , realizing the drunken wreck of a husband would do nothing for them . 
 more and more , dangerous-looking men began making their appearance . 
 the remaining good families moved away . 
 `` the churchyard grew wild and unchecked . 
 the shrubs cast gangly spines above the stained-glass windows and scraped the dormers with long , bristled thorns . 
 brambles and honeysuckle overran the lone headstone in the cemetery . 
 a sudden storm late one night sent a huge water oak branch crashing through the priest 's study . 
 and as the newly-built church withered and died , so also did the town . 
 houses stood vacant and open to the weather . 
 sheds collapsed upon themselves in storms , wells became inexplicably polluted and stagnant . 
 rumors of ghosts and werewolves proved enough to stop the few remaining vagrant children from venturing too deep into the forest . 
 `` and soon the church was lost to the world . 
 chapter 6 : a new season `` as you probably figured , regardless of the hunting and trapping , it was quite impossible to be done with all of us . 
 up until the woman 's and then the town 's death most had moved to the deeper parts of the forest , well away from the racket and danger . 
 all except the most curious or foolhardy left the business of man to man . 
 i , however , was of a different mind . 
 `` i could not stay away . 
 i watched as the grass grew high around the massive front doors , as the trails became choked and impassable , as the church wormed its slow way to obscurity . 
 i watched for many seasons as it sat abandoned , squatting deeper and deeper into the wilderness that crept back with the slow deliberation of a stalking cat . 
 `` i still lived in a maple not far from the graveyard . 
 i heard occasional whispers in the forest but paid little mind . 
 but in saying this , but do n't get me wrong . 
 i readily believe in spirits . 
 even then i did . 
 but i 'd seen no sign . 
 as i said , all was silence . 
 at night the church was nothing more than a darker shadow set among the many others . 
 and on some nights , when the moon cast down a gentle , velvet moth-light through the trees , it looked neither haunted nor dangerous . 
 it just looked sad . 
 forgotten . 
 `` so as i told you concerning me and mysteries , eventually i made up my mind to go inside . 
 which proved harder than i imagined . 
 on the day the priest left he had bolted the front doors with a lock i had no hope of undermining . 
 but there was one place . 
 for a long while the branch that had caved in the roof to the annex had hung there , the bark sloughing off and leaves falling away until now it finally lay stripped and dead across the hole it had made . 
 `` i flew over to the roof top and perched there , poking and scratching about , trying to get a view into the gloom within . 
 i could see nothing . 
 so with no other alternative , i puffed up my courage and hopped down into the darkness . 
 i clipped something on the way down and landed in a tumble on the wet , tile floor . 
 the smell of mildew and rot was nearly overpowering , the darkness worse . 
 gradually my sight grew clear and i found myself claw-deep in a mud puddle skim which covered what remained of the study . 
 i could still smell the ghost of burned wood floating on the air . 
 a water-warped , three-legged chair canted against one wall . 
 there was nothing else left in the room except odd patches of paper swollen to nearly the size of cave mushrooms . 
 a door in the corner of the room stood ajar , and a ghostly light outlined the frame . 
 i hopped through the mess toward it and found a passage that emptied out to a side door near the vestibule . 
 i poked my head through the opening . 
 `` above the choir loft i could see where the organ had been . 
 most of it had been removed just before the church was vacated , but the pipes remained . 
 all three-hundred and sixty-five of them , ranging in size from no larger than a twig to the size of small pines lined up side by side in a forest grove . 
 `` i hopped over to the first row of pews and looked around . 
 another door stood across from where i 'd entered , also slightly ajar . 
 it was a much thicker door and the smell wafting from within was muddy and dank , wet stones , dripping passageways . 
 i knew immediately : the door to the tunnels below . 
 `` but the strangest thing remained : a small oak had sprouted up through the pulpit 's floor , just then illuminated by an early afternoon slip of sunlight from high up through the stained-glass . 
 its leaves swayed back and forth in a breeze i could not feel , and even then i could hear the whisper of its magnificence . 
 it called to me in the voice of leaves and i came on as if hypnotized . 
 just looking at the sapling brought my breath in sharp jags , and i could feel my heart racing . 
 with no thought at all i suddenly took to the air , climbing higher and higher , circling pillars and sailing through rails of stained-glass sunlight . 
 as i made my way along the edge of one corner of the beautifully-wrought ceiling i suddenly saw it on a dusty window ledge . 
 a crumpled ball of leaves , a bit of cloth , a huge knot of twine all pressed and laced together into a neat little nest . 
 upon landing i immediately saw a bobbing shadow within a nearby crack in the masonry . 
 and that was when the mouse stepped into the light . 
 `` the mouse ? '' 
 connor said . 
 `` indeed , '' the crow replied . 
 `` and what a mouse . '' 
 `` the one from the dream ? '' 
 ian asked flatly . 
 the crow 's yellow eyes widened and it shook its ragged head . 
 `` you did n't tell me ... '' the boys looked at one another and then back to the crow . 
 in answer they simply shrugged . 
 `` well , yes , '' it admitted . 
 `` i 'm sure that 's the very one . 
 you see , she plays an important role in this business . 
 let me tell you how she got inside ... '' chapter 7 : how the mouse got in `` up until the moment the church was abandoned she 'd lived in the base of a rotten log not far from the cemetery . 
 but when rains made the place unlivable she decided inside would be a much better place than outside . 
 like me , she too had been called by the singing and music , but the whole while i 'd had no idea she lived nearby . 
 `` she was born in the attic of a small , clapboard shack near the northern edge of the forest and even if it had been a bit drafty during the winter , it had always been dry and , i soon found out , that has always been one of her chief concerns . 
 `` another late fall thunderstorm finally spurred her to action . 
 she told me she could smell it coming on the wind and determined that she would get inside the church before it arrived . 
 but she had to be very careful . 
 along with the electric smell of the approaching storm came also the distinct odor of cat . 
 there is no smell like it , i assure you . 
 it made her hair stand on end , her nose to twitch . 
 `` she raced through the thick , overgrown grass , stopping halfway to the church , and as she ran along the side of it , she sniffed and poked her head into every available niche , finding nothing promising along the whole front wall . 
 but thankfully , no cat either . 
 at the side wall , however , things were different . 
 here , the workers had left large stacks of wood piled about in random stacks . 
 plenty of places for a mouse , or creatures that liked to eat mice , to hide . 
 `` she leaned against the cornerstone , trying to calm her rapid breathing but the worry would not go . 
 finally , only the thought of another night alone in the cold muddy puddle beneath the rotten log was enough to get her going again . 
 she checked around the first pile of wood she came upon . 
 it was stacked far above her head , dwarfed only by the looming church itself and the sprawl of clouds racing above it . 
 then she caught the whiff of another , more lethal , odor hanging on the breeze . 
 the decay of death . 
 but very old , almost indistinct . 
 almost . 
 `` there was a crack at the bottom of the pile of lumber and the mouse stuck her head in only after a careful pause . 
 the smell of the tiny weight of death lingered on the edge of invisibility . 
 it was dark and gloomy within and it took several seconds for her eyes to adjust , but when they did she found herself at the beginning of a rather crude trail that ran back into a tangle of boards , bricks , and mortared stone . 
 it disappeared back along the church wall and she could see where several large objects had been pushed or pulled out of the way a little farther down . 
 the work was plain . 
 `` rats . 
 `` and with this new , disquieting revelation she finally made out the stench of their former occupation . 
 but , seemingly , they were long gone . 
 for some unknown reason they 'd quit the trail . 
 which was exceedingly strange since rats are n't ones to change their behavior unless forced to . 
 at this juncture she considered giving up the search and heading back to the hollow log , but the distinct rumble of thunder in the distance changed all that . 
 the rain was coming and she knew turning back now would be to surrender to another cold , wet night shivering beneath that tree stump . 
 so she squared her shoulders and pushed ahead . 
 `` no more than two turns into the curling , ragged passage she felt the slight pull of cool air trailing past her and knew the trail had to lead somewhere . 
 the decay was heavier here and the source seemed to lie just ahead . 
 hardly able to coax one paw in front of the other , she crept forward ... and came face to face with a ghastly sight . 
 wedged firmly into a crack in the mortar against the back wall were the skeletal remains of a large rat ! 
 its bones were the only evidence left of its existence , even its fur had blown and scattered away . 
 apparently it had tried to squeeze through the rent in the foundation here and in its haste or carelessness had gotten stuck . 
 and subsequently starved to death . 
 `` the mouse stepped back and studied the skeleton , fearing the thing she had to do . 
 the thunder was really picking up outside and the rain would soon follow . 
 the current of air rifling past seemed proof enough that the passage twisted along to somewhere inside the church . 
 the only thing left to do was remove the obstacle . 
 or at least enough of it to squeeze by . 
 `` the bones had shifted down and many were now only piled atop one another in what remained of the vague outline of the rat that had once owned them . 
 she reached up with trembling paws and grasped the biggest bone . 
 she pulled hard and it snapped away from the rest , spilling the mouse to the ground . 
 she got back to her feet and pulled another bone free , jammed it back into the pile for leverage , and in this way managed to clear a space big enough to pass through . 
 the passage wound through the remaining wood pile and then into the wall itself like a gigantic snake . 
 she punched blindly through long-abandoned spider webs , coughing and sneezing along great expanses of darkness . 
 `` and this is how she eventually found the ledge . 
 chapter 8 : trouble by now both ian and connor sat close together on a broken limb which had only recently fallen from an otherwise healthy-looking gum tree . 
 they were mesmerized by the dream-like surroundings : the whirr of the cricket in the grass never wavering from its one , constant note ; the stilled clouds at the moon 's flank ; the light in the sky constant , unchanging . 
 but strangest of all , they had to admit in the stillness of their minds , the sudden , perfect logic it made to sit calmly on this frozen edge of night and listen to a bird tell of an ancient church and events long past . 
 the crow closed its beak and brilliant yellow eyes for a moment . 
 then it opened them and stared at the ground . 
 bent to clean its beak again . 
 it fluffed out its feathers and gently let them resettle before turning its attention back to the boys . 
 connor spoke first . 
 `` so what you 're telling us has something to do with the dream last night ? '' 
 the crow nodded but did not speak . 
 `` and this dream we both had has something to do with this problem you were talking about ? '' 
 ian added . 
 again , the crow nodded . 
 `` correct , '' it cawed . 
 `` these are only details to the pieces i tried to send , but i do n't know what got through . 
 i just gave it everything i had and hoped for the best . '' 
 `` and the best is us !? '' 
 the crow 's eyes sharpened to pinpricks . 
 `` at this time ... maybe for all time ... you 're the best chance we 've got . '' 
 `` but what 's all this talk about the mouse and the church got to do with you ? '' 
 ian said . 
 `` and what 's it got to do with us ? '' 
 `` it 's all a part of the trouble , lads . 
 and i do n't think i should be asking your help without letting you know what you 're getting into . '' 
 the crow made a somewhat comical attempt at a shrug itself . 
 `` so ... ? 
 would you care to hear the rest ? '' 
 you bet , both boys thought in unison , unaware they 'd not spoken aloud . 
 so it is that strong , the crow thought , catching the vibration of their thought up its spine . 
 they do n't know the power they possess . 
 and even though they were indeed its last hope , it would not force them . 
 that is what the magician had taught all those years before , and it was a law that would not be broken at this late date with so much riding on an uncertain outcome . 
 it pretended ignorance of their telepathy and hurried on with its story . 
 `` while we were enjoying our sudden good fortune the town began to take on new residents . 
 strange men moved uneasily near the church in the deepest parts of the night and it was n't long until the fat man made his appearance . 
 one day i was inspecting my treasure hoard and heard voices caterwauling through the forest . 
 i could tell they were making their way closer . 
 i eased from the hole and hid behind a tuft of leaves . 
 and that 's when i saw him make his waddling way through the knee-deep underbrush , sweating like a madman and trailing a group of three hairy trappers behind him . 
 `` he had a sling blade in one hand and he ripped and slashed his way to the massive front doors . 
 the band of men behind him pulled up tightly . 
 he turned and pointed at one , said something to another , and after a somewhat troubled search pulled a ring of keys from his greatcoat . 
 even from my perch high above , i heard the dry rasp as the bolt was drawn . 
 then with a heave , he bent to one of the doors and forced it back . 
 they squeezed inside where i heard more muffled talking and laughter . 
 `` that 's when i made a nearly fatal mistake . 
 because , you see , watching them break into my beloved church was the last straw . 
 i hopped along the branch where i 'd been hiding until i was stupidly exposed and began cawing my loud displeasure . 
 i do n't know how long i carried on like that , but when something suddenly told me to stop i looked down and the whole group was once more standing outside . 
 looking up at me ! 
 a trapper beside the fat man pulled a musket -lrb- i know now , then i only saw a long , metal pipe , from the folds of his coat -rrb- and pointed it my direction . 
 i saw a puff of smoke and a great boom filled the air ! 
 at that same instant i was rocked by an incredible , ripping pain in my wing and fell backward and down . 
 luckily i fell into my hoard chamber where the men could n't get at me or i would n't be here to tell my story now . 
 `` when i came around it was grave-dark and my wing was a living agony . 
 i could hardly move , and all that night i lay delirious at the bottom of my hold , feverishly coming to know the as-yet unknown truth of death . 
 `` but the next morning i was still alive . 
 chapter 9 : the rescue `` i was in and out of consciousness for a long while and i remember the pain and the foggy passage of light and dark . 
 thousands of deaths haunted me : i saw the woman in shining white the day the church opened ; my mother close by my side , whispering salves in my ear as she faded away ; many of my friends that were no more . 
 and in the end , always round and round , the fat man and his hooligans . 
 `` finally it was thirst and hunger that brought me back to the living . 
 i fought first into consciousness and then , after a lot of trouble , to my claws . 
 the wing was a screaming agony as i staggered through the coins , tin cups , metal trinkets and scarves , but eventually i stood unsteadily before the entrance to the hoard chamber , looking up and out onto a bright , crisp day . 
 `` i closed my eyes and stretched out my wings , fighting through the nauseating pain that radiated out , focusing on the squashed melon-looking opening just above my head . 
 it took a long time but i did finally feel myself slowly coming round . 
 when i felt i could wait no longer i heaved myself into the air , the injured wing kicking off a strip of bark in the tight confines and shooting such a wave of excruciating pain through my body i almost blacked out . 
 but when my head steadied i found myself teetering on the edge of the entrance . 
 i waited , clutching that curled rim until the grinding explosion of pain ebbed . 
 `` first , i tried calling out . 
 there was only a slim hope the mouse would hear me , i knew that , but i croaked until exhaustion and heat forced me back inside . 
 but as unluck would have it , as i was turning back , i lost my grip and fell again into the grayness of the hole . 
 i bounced and slid down to the bottom of my treasure heap and lay there with the knowledge that i was surely resting in my grave . 
 `` when i came around again it was to a confusion of shadows . 
 i tried calling out again but my throat was too parched to manage even a whistle . 
 i groaned and tried to squeeze back into a corner , all the while straining in the darkness to make out the shape of the intruder . 
 on the instant a shadow crouched next to me and i was suddenly sure i was dreaming . 
 the mouse ! 
 i could just make out her trembling whiskers in the gloom and straightaway felt her tiny , strong fingers playing along my breastbone , searching out my injuries . 
 i faded away again as i felt her strong arms embrace me . 
 `` it was full night when i regained consciousness again , the mouse 's faint whispering the spark that brought me around . 
 ` drink , drink , ' she said , one paw behind my head as she held the half-shell with the other . 
 she tilted it up to my beak and when the cool water slipped down my throat my mind came suddenly , agonizingly , alive . 
 immediately i was sick with a grinding hunger . 
 `` the mouse moved into the shadows and retrieved something , brought it back to me cupped in both paws . 
 a large , beautiful , moldy chunk of bread ! 
 my stomach turned somersaults , my eyes bulged . 
 she broke off a small piece , soaked it a terribly long time in the acorn-shell filled with water , and held it out to me . 
 i swallowed it whole and croaked for more . 
 she gave me another and a couple more mouthfuls of water , all the while warning me to slow down . 
 that i was safe now , that she would n't leave me . 
 the next thing i remember is the sunlight streaming in through the entrance . 
 `` for just a moment i thought the whole thing had been a dream but that did n't last long . 
 because now , added to her typically trembling whiskers , was another altogether different face of worry . 
 i squeaked weakly and she hurried across the floor , picking up the small piece of bread she 'd left warming in a ray of sunlight . 
 i 'd hardly finished when she said , very quietly and urgently , `` we have to go . 
 the cat is about . '' 
 my heart almost stopped . 
 it 'd been lurking . 
 i knew because i 'd seen it . 
 a huge , black beast with a stub of bone for a tail , a coat reeking of madness . 
 and cats could climb ! 
 `` i agreed , at the same time realizing that she could have left any time she wanted , but how was i ? 
 with my wing quite useless i could neither fly nor climb . 
 hopeless , it seemed , and i told her so . 
 but she had a plan . 
 `` she 'd been with me four days and nights and had seen the cat nosing around twice , she said . 
 it was this that caused me to suddenly realize how much danger i 'd placed her in , i begged her to go , to just leave , to save herself . 
 she would have none of it . 
 she pointed to the huge , round shape resting in the shadows of an old leaf pile in the corner and i suddenly understood . 
 my treasures were n't for nothing ! 
 she 'd threaded together from this and that a ball of string and said she fully intended to lower me to the ground herself ! 
 without another word she hustled me into an upright position and slung one end of the twine underneath each wing before bounding it up tightly around my body . 
 while she was thus occupied i took time to notice she 'd also pushed together a whole mess of junk into a sort of crude stairway on up to the entrance . 
 now if only her strength held out ! 
 `` i managed to stand upright on wobbly legs -lrb- the mouse steadying me every step of the way -rrb- and we crossed through the chamber and began the slow ascent to the entrance . 
 after a lot of huffing and puffing and ringing of ears , we finally stood shoulder-to-shoulder on the rim , gazing down . 
 the distance was indeed great but at least there was no sign of the cat or the horrible trappers around . 
 no time like the present . 
 i slipped over the edge and with just a few fits and starts she surprisingly lowered me down to the base of the tree to no bad effect . 
 i lay there huffing and puffing , as if i 'd done all the work , and watched as she raced headfirst down the trunk toward me . 
 within seconds she was at my side . 
 now she was in a state of high tension , eyes darting side to side , whiskers trembling . 
 i could almost hear her heart . 
 because i knew . 
 injured and out in the open is a terrible combination . 
 she quickly pulled me to my claws , stripped the string away , and began to hurry me toward the church . 
 `` i pulled her suddenly to an abrupt halt when my head cleared momentarily . 
 she turned on me with a seriousness i 'd never seen before and attempted to tug me on . 
 i did n't move . 
 there was only one way inside the church , i remembered that now . 
 through the broken roof . 
 impossible . 
 i was already so out of it i could barely stand so i could only imagine how she felt . 
 she leaned in close and hissed ` hush up , you fool ! 
 the door 's open a crack ! 
 come on ! 
 the men never closed it all the way when they left last time . 
 come on ! 
 come on ! 
 we have to hurry ! ' 
 and she pulled me hobbling and hopping through the tall grass and weeds up to the massive doors . 
 her story proved correct and in no time we were inside . 
 `` of course her ledge was completely out of the question . 
 just by the look on her face , i could tell she was almost done . 
 she did manage to get me down the long aisle to the pulpit where the oak was . 
 around the trunk i now saw a nice crack just big enough for either of us to squeeze through one at a time into the crawlspace below . 
 we did so a few minutes later and quickly pushed back to a quiet , dark corner , and immediately fell asleep . 
 chapter 10 : a short alliance `` when i woke i had the distinct impression we were not alone . 
 the feathers at the back of my neck were standing on end . 
 i could feel another presence there with us in the darkness . 
 regardless , i did n't want to wake the mouse unnecessarily so i tried to lie still and quiet , telling myself it was just my imagination . 
 and i 'd almost succeeded when i saw it . 
 `` the scream caught in my throat at the many legs , the cluster of shining eyes hovering close by . 
 the mouse started from deep sleep at my movement and i hushed her with my good wing across her face , whispering that our lives depended on silence even as the many-legged shadow inched our way ! 
 it had seen us ! 
 by this time the mouse was to her feet , and seemingly on instinct she stepped out in front of me as i whispered for her to make a run for it . 
 `` she simply shook her head and turned for battle . 
 `` when she spun around it was upon us : a monstrously huge spider , bristling with hooks of coarse black hair ridging the length of all its eight legs , its head crowned brilliantly with a nest of faceted , gleaming eyes . 
 it was enough to strike one dead and the mouse fell back against me , suddenly realizing our fate was already written . 
 `` but nothing happened . 
 time dragged by several unbearable moments and behind my closed eyes my life raced . 
 another minute went by , and another ! 
 after what seemed like several lifetimes i managed to open my eyes and saw the monstrous shadow looming above us ! 
 it inched forward and , incomprehensibly asked in a hissing , though hardly evil voice , what we were doing in its lair . 
 `` i mumbled something about begging your pardon as the great head bobbed grotesquely in front of me ` ssssssoooooooo , '' it replied , rising up and shaking dust from its body . 
 `` ` are you going to kill us ? ' 
 i asked . 
 `` ` of courssssssssssssse not . 
 your blood would sssssssssspoil long before i sssssssssucked the good out of you , ' it said and made a sinister buzzing deep in its throat that sounded almost like laughter . 
 ` i 've jusssssst never ssssssseen you here before . ' 
 `` i explained we 'd been too tired to climb to the ledge , that we would be out of its way as soon as possible , as the great head ducked up and down , side to side . 
 it admitted that ` yes ' it had seen us there . 
 just never here . 
 i shuddered to think of this great beast living so close and nobody the wiser . 
 it backed away several shuffling steps . 
 `` ` do n't be ssssssscared , '' it said . ' 
 i really have no interesssssssssst in you . ' 
 a scratching sound from the direction of the pews shifted the spider 's attention . 
 it growled low in its throat . 
 `` the cat ` sssssssssssss back ... ' it warned and scuttled a few more steps away . 
 `` good god ! 
 a cat ! 
 and a spider ! 
 and us trapped beneath the floor ! 
 there are not words to describe the terror ! 
 `` i managed to wriggle free of the mouse and stumbled away from the corner . 
 the spider was already a ways down toward where the tree had broken through the floor . 
 the mouse hissed for me to stay put , but there was really no question now . 
 i 'd heard enough rumors . 
 it was time to put a face to the monster . 
 i sidled up alongside the spider as close as i dared . 
 it turned its head toward me and backed farther into the gloom as i approached . 
 its breath was harsh and rapid . 
 i raised up and looked through the opening . 
 `` sharpening its claws on one of the pews in the middle aisle was a thing that made the spider seem a mere annoyance . 
 it was indeed a cat , but it surpassed all stories . 
 this thing was a dark black mottle of mangy fur , thinned in spots to red , angry flesh . 
 both its ears had been ripped to tatters and its head was misshapen , as if the devil himself had half-mashed it sometime in the past . 
 practically the size of a full-grown raccoon , its razor-sharp claws flailed away at the pew . 
 and then i saw its back end . 
 a waving shard of bone protruded from its rump , all the skin and hair ripped free from some atrocity . 
 now it stuck out hard and dirty , still performing as a tail though it had long ago obviously failed at that task . 
 `` i looked back in horror at the spider standing close by . 
 ` soooooooyouseeeeeeee , ' it said in its hissing tongue . 
 ` it comessssssssssssss . ' 
 and yes i could see . 
 the beast had its head to the floor , steadily padding down the aisle toward our hiding place . 
 `` it smells us , '' i said , suddenly realizing . 
 `` ` ssssssssssseemsssssssssso , ' the spider answered , hunching down now and growling low in its throat again . 
 the cat was almost to the first riser . 
 our crack happened to be in the third and we were already far too close to the entrance for safety . 
 i backed away and squeaked a warning to the spider . 
 its only reply was another deep-chested growl . 
 a chill rushed over me and i hurried back to the mouse . 
 we squatted in the darkness , trying to make ourselves as small as possible in the midst of this terrible nightmare . 
 `` but i kept my eyes on the creature hunkered down there in the thin shaft of light . 
 it was largely motionless though its legs did vibrate as if readying for a spring . 
 surely , i thought , it 's not thinking of attacking ! 
 the cat was easily five times its size ! 
 nevertheless , it began to rock back and forth , actually groaning now . 
 a moment later a monstrous claw slid through the rent by the tree , scratching at the floor inches in front of the spider 's foremost legs . 
 and just before it pushed forward and the cat 's ragged body blocked out the light entirely an ear-splitting scream filled our dark hiding place . 
 there was a sudden flurry of violence near the opening , punctuated by brief slats of light that gave nightmare flashes to the surroundings . 
 then the shadows came apart and a second later neither the cat nor the spider was anywhere to be seen . 
 `` i searched the darkness , hoping to find the spider hunched somewhere nearby but it was no use . 
 and it was as i bent to attend the horrified mouse that i heard the familiar , grating voice in my ear . 
 `` ` ssssssssothat ` sssssssolved , ' it said . 
 i spun around . 
 there was a smudge of blood in the dust . 
 i looked into its face as it lowered its ponderous body to the floor . 
 it did not appear hurt but there was the blood . 
 i thought i heard the mouse mumbling something in the background and then realized it was the spider . 
 ` got 'em , got 'em , ' it was saying over and over . 
 i watched its razor-sharp fangs glint in the thin light and suddenly knew the blood i 'd seen was not its own . 
 surely it had n't bested the cat , or had it ? 
 it answered with the sound of steam escaping warm pipes in the winter . 
 ` cccccccertainlyssssssssssssso ... ' it said . 
 `` we stayed put until the sun went down . 
 as the last gray light drained from the windows , and then as the purple shadows grew to cover the floor and walls , we sat and waited . 
 eventually the spider assured us the cat had gone , but we did n't take the news to heart . 
 too many legends surrounded the creatures . 
 the spider laughed this off , saying it held no truck with such tall tales . 
 `` we finally dared to make our way to the shadowed crack in the riser . 
 the spider scurried across the floor like some dusty cockroach and without another word was up and through to the other side . 
 scant moments later i heard its slippery voice assuring us , ` it ` sssssssssssssafe , it ` sssssssssssssafe . ' 
 `` one at a time , the mouse and i squeezed through the opening . 
 after a quick glance around i found the spider 's massive shadow lurking underneath a nearby pew . 
 i smelled the air and came up with nothing . 
 and i was just turning my attention back to the mouse when the racket started up behind me . 
 `` something big hit the floor over where i 'd seen our dusty friend and then a mad scrabbling ensued as what i found to be two opposing shadows locked together in a writhing mess . 
 high shrieking howls and grunts knocked off the walls as the mouse and i scrambled for cover . 
 there was a final rising wail and a terrific scuffle which followed and then nothing but a great , suffocating silence filled the space . 
 `` the mouse suggested frantically that we make for the crack in the wall . 
 since i had no real hope of reaching the ledge by flying , it was clear our only hope lay in her plan . 
 without another word , i hopped toward the crack , shooing her ahead with both wings . 
 at the base of the wall i turned and took a moment to scan the darkness one last time . 
 not a single thing was moving . 
 then my courage broke and i raced with the mouse to safety . 
 chapter 11 : witness to a kidnapping `` the next morning i stood on the ledge , peering out into every corner of the church . 
 where i thought the fight had started i could make out a small dark stain and what appeared to be a tuft of black hair underneath the pew . 
 that was it . 
 there was no other sign , and i 'm sorry to say , to this day , that was it . 
 i never saw the creature again . 
 the cat , however , is another story , but one that will have to wait . 
 because at that very moment we heard the men approaching . 
 `` within minutes they barged inside like a thunderstorm and i saw the fat man was missing . 
 but the others did have two prisoners . 
 a little girl and her father , it seemed . 
 straight away they knocked the man to the floor and laughed . 
 one of them held a short length of rope that was tied around the little girl 's waist . 
 her father lay there breathing in great straining gulps . 
 the little girl wept . 
 every once in a while one or another of the men would kick the poor man where he lay . 
 the whole thing made my skin crawl . 
 `` leaving the prisoners to their current states , the men pulled away to talk among themselves in loud , but incomprehensible fits and starts . 
 when they were finally finished the biggest one walked over to the man and forced him to his feet . 
 the little girl was quiet and no longer crying . 
 my heart burst for her , and even then i tried convincing myself that only by remaining quiet myself , and most importantly alive , could i have any hope of helping them . 
 much good that did . 
 `` the big one demanded something of the man but got only a refusal . 
 the poor girl 's father got smashed several times in the face for his troubles , and being that i could take no more , i slunk back from the ledge and hunched down with the trembling mouse . 
 the voices below got louder and louder . 
 several times i heard the dull thump of a kick . 
 a couple more harsh yells . 
 then nothing . 
 dead silence . 
 time slipped by and i crept back to the ledge . 
 they were silently gathering their captives together and leading them down the center aisle . 
 forcing them all the way to the pulpit , near where the tree grew through the floor , and then , as one , moving off into the shadows . 
 toward the door that led down into the tunnels . 
 though i could n't see , i could hear someone wrestling the huge bolt on the door back , a few more mumbled curses , a sudden spark in the darkness and the room was awash in the flickering glow of a torch someone else had pulled out of a holder by the door . 
 it cast mad , dancing shadows on the walls . 
 then they moved forward , again as one , dragging the man and his daughter off into the waiting darkness . 
 chapter 12 : getting past the door `` the mouse and i puzzled over this problem the rest of the day . 
 but to no avail . 
 what could we do ? 
 all those men against just the two of us . 
 they were gone a long while but when they did finally return they were not in their right minds . 
 one straightaway passed out across a pew . 
 another clouted some unsuspecting fool across the face with the back of his hand and watched him go head over heels to the floor . 
 as i watched , flinching with each blow , i could n't help but notice their number short by one , the little girl 's father . 
 he was nowhere to be seen . 
 she was crying again and it was just heartbreaking . 
 only when the sun began to set did they leave , the little girl calling for her father as she was pulled through the door and outside until her voice eventually faded away . 
 `` i hopped to the ledge . 
 i tossed over my shoulder that i thought i 'd have a look around and although my wing was still weak i thought it would carry me the short distance to the floor . 
 she came rushing out to stop me but by that time as was off . 
 i missed the back of a pew on the approach and fell to the floor alongside it , luckily landing on my good side . 
 i slowly righted myself and hopped to the middle aisle knowing full well i was done for if the men came back . 
 or if the cat returned . 
 i was , as you say , a sitting duck . 
 but i tried to cast these thoughts aside . 
 our home had been invaded and the the violation was deep . 
 we had to make them leave somehow . 
 hopefully forever . 
 `` as i made my way closer to the pulpit i could not help but marvel at the oak . 
 its leaves were of the darkest green and the trunk was almost serpentine . 
 the branches , of which there were exactly six , did n't grow out of the rippled trunk so much as corkscrew into the light . 
 each limb was curled and twisted upon itself , giving the weirdest impression of motion . 
 hopping closer , i saw where the seventh branch had been broken away . 
 one of the drunks had flung a flask and lopped it off . 
 now i could see what looked like a thin stream of blood oozing from the break , staining the bark all the way down to the floor above the spider 's lair . 
 never before or since have i seen anything like it ... '' the bird trailed off to silence . 
 `` what about the door ? '' 
 connor pressed . 
 the crow came back to itself and watched them silently for a moment or so . 
 `` the door , '' it said , `` was constructed of heavy , cross-cut oak , just like the ones in front , but completely laced through and through with inlays of steel . 
 it was also perilously heavy , i have no doubt . 
 a large , brass knob and lock-plate were screwed into the cross-pieces . 
 a prison door . 
 `` i could not imagine wrestling the thing open . 
 i 'd seen the men fighting to get it back and knew the mouse and i together would be no match for it . 
 nonetheless i hopped into the shadows and strained hard to find any crack , any hole , any anything that would allow us through to the other side . 
 the daylight continued to drain away as i searched . 
 soon the mouse joined me and i told her what little i 'd discovered . 
 no holes , no cracks , no vents . 
 whatever fate awaited the man it appeared we would be locked out of it . 
 until , that is , the mouse turned her eyes upon me and pointed at the big brass knob . 
 simplicity , you see . 
 all i had to do was perch there on the knob as it practically turned itself and watch in amazement as the door slowly swung open as effortlessly as a leaf blown along on a fall day . 
 chapter 13 : into the tunnels `` a penetrating darkness waited on the other side . 
 a rush of foul air rifled past , thick with the stink of rot and standing water . 
 like a well going bad . 
 i whistled into the darkness and the sound bounced away to unknown depths , leaving my feathers a bristled ridge along my back . 
 `` i stepped up to the threshold and considered the possibilities of what lay beyond . 
 if the men came back while i was down there , the tunnels would most likely be my tomb . 
 the mouse sensed my intention and begged me not to go , but something had a hold on me that i could not shake . 
 i crossed the threshold and that is when i saw it . 
 `` off to the right and just down a short landing , a light-green mist painted its ghostly presence on the sweaty brick and earthen walls . 
 the mouse 's pleas from behind became more and more distant and with each passing second i found it harder and harder to pull my eyes from the misty light . 
 it had no real shape , but pulsed with a hypnotic intensity , and after another minute i could see it appeared to mark a particular path in the murk . 
 it shone with a pale radiance within an archway of brick and tiled floor . 
 `` the mouse bumped into me coming up from behind . 
 the ghostly glow blurred and warbled below me in the tunnels as she tried to hold me back . 
 i pulled up short and told her i would go , that she was free to come along if she wanted , and if not , she should wait upon my return . 
 but preferably from the ledge . 
 her face fell and shoulders slumped , resigned suddenly to what she 'd feared . 
 `` and with that i turned back to the misty light , hopping a couple of paces ahead to peer into the mysteriously-lit depths . 
 the lit corridor appeared to be the only one of a number of others that was completed . 
 the rest were mere dirt floors and crumbling walls . 
 `` i passed down into the dark tile corridor , amazed at the many reflections cast off by the bits of glass and mica embedded in the walls . 
 and even as i watched , the corridor began to grow dim as the ghostly light receded down a steep cut of steps . 
 i followed it , the mouse close behind . 
 `` at the bottom of the stairs was an open , round room with a number of openings branching off in all directions . 
 many of the bricks that lined the walls and floor were cracked or missing entirely , piled along the corridors here and there . 
 the walls ran sluggishly with moisture . 
 thick fungus clung in a fuzzy scum everywhere . 
 the light pressed itself into one offshoot and we raced to follow so as not to be left behind in the cavern 's black heart . 
 `` events continued like this for a short while , with us rushing along , trying to stay within the pale circle of light as it moved into the darkness . 
 it led us on a race through twisting , sweating corridors , and then once through an odd , open area that raised gooseflesh beneath my feathers . 
 by the time we came to the black row of doors set deep in the earthen wall , we were exhausted . 
 the green mist pulled up to one of them and danced around it like an insect to a light . 
 this door was very similar to the one above too , though fitted with cypress rather than oak . 
 better , i thought , for the damp . 
 but then again , for what purpose ? 
 the light contracted into a tight ball and began to slide down in weird tendrils to a now distinct crack between the door and floor . 
 and then it began to push through , taking our only hope with it ! 
 to be lost in the darkness down here was sure death . 
 in desperation we raced over to the door and scratched at the rock threshold . 
 it was too tight . 
 we tried the door itself . 
 there was no handle , no knob . 
 a huge lock place was screwed solidly into the cypress and steel frame . 
 and then the light was gone and the darkness closed around like a living thing ! 
 `` the sudden click which followed was like a breaking twig , seeming to come from nowhere and everywhere at once . 
 next thing i knew the door was swinging wide ! 
 the room beyond was engulfed in the strange green glow and a figure moved in its depths ! 
 the little girl 's father ! 
 he came to the opening and watched us cringing by the corridor wall . 
 he gave a slight nod in our direction , turned back inside , and sat down heavily on a rusty bunk fixed to the slab wall along the back of the cell . 
 the place reeked of rot and darkness , even now as the green glow pulsed around him . 
 there was a nest of coiled chains on the floor at his feet . 
 `` i found the man staring deeply into my eyes . 
 a trickle of fingers seemed to tickle my brain . 
 and then he spoke . 
 ` my little friends , ' he said very carefully , as if he did n't want to alarm us any more than he already had . 
 ` you 've come . 
 i wondered if you would . 
 i thought i felt something inside the church but i was not sure . ' 
 it was then i noticed that though he spoke , his lips did not move . 
 `` he reached into his shirt pocket and flicked a rain of bread crumbs down onto the damp floor . 
 he watched sadly as we made quick work of this offering . 
 then he said , ` my pretty ones , so you 've come to save me . ' 
 and smiled . 
 `` it is hard to recall what came next . 
 perhaps it was our first experience in a time knot . 
 regardless , both the mouse and i were swept away in the rush of story he told us . 
 chapter 14 : the magician 's tale `` ` my little girl and i were kidnapped , ' he said in that deep , wrapping gloom . 
 ` the fat man and his hooligans were lying in wait for us as soon as we disembarked from the ship . 
 you see , i am the one who bargained for the land this church sits upon . 
 i knew madame deborque . 
 i also knew her husband , and i sorely misjudged him . 
 and for this miscalculation my daughter suffers . 
 it quite drives me mad . 
 i do n't know where they 've taken her , though , and that is the only reason i 'm still here . 
 these chains were useless . 
 and so was that , ' he added , pointing to the heavy door now swung wide in the corridor . 
 his lips began to quiver . 
 he put his hands over his eyes and there was nothing more for a long time . 
 by this i mean that nothing else came to my mind . 
 nothing but a low hum . 
 `` he finally looked up and continued his story in a slow jumble of images that painted his history as effortlessly as if he 'd been whispering them in my ear . 
 i witnessed some sort of argument with a crowd of men in fine clothes , and then a hasty packing of items one would need on a long journey . 
 next an endless stretch of water , of troubled seas , as the two huddled in the dark , him comforting the little girl as storms raged without . 
 then there were drifting images of the two leaving a ship and meeting another group of men . 
 the fat man was not among their number , but i did notice him hovering in the background , far up in a curtained window a stone 's throw from the commons . 
 and next , a more sinister meeting in some other unidentifiable location . 
 i recognized a few of the hooligans from the church and the raving fat man in a large , dark room . 
 when , through an equally dark door , the little girl was led in i watched her father collapse to the floor . 
 he begged the fat man to leave his daughter alone , to let them settle the affair as men . 
 the last part of the vision was of the two being pushed and dragged through the forest undergrowth , the church glimpsed occasionally through the trees . 
 then the stream of memory stopped , and i was left to gap into the darkness , hearing nothing but the man 's slow , tortured breath . 
 his eyes were swollen and glazed . 
 `` i could not help myself . 
 in fact , i did not comprehend my action until it was done . 
 i suddenly jumped from the floor and landed on his knee . 
 he put a hand to my beak and i watched as a crumb of bread suddenly appeared between his fingertips . 
 and when he addressed me this time , his lips moved and i could understand every word ! 
 and it 's since been like that to this very day . 
 `` he told me he 'd had every intention of dealing with the woman but had learned of her death upon his arrival . 
 something he had n't been aware of in france . 
 a curious circumstance since most times , he told me , he could see things that had happened or were about to happen . 
 he could escape chains . 
 he could open locked doors . 
 he could talk to animals and birds . 
 but he 'd failed his daughter . 
 it was heart wrenching . 
 unforgivable , he said sadly . 
 for in addition to being some sort of businessman he was in truth , foremost , a magician . 
 it was this information that the fat man had only recently learned , and by the time of their first meeting he 'd already decided to abandon the timber enterprise . 
 too much work for too little profit . 
 `` here 's the thing . 
 the fat man had heard rumors that a large pirate 's treasure was hidden somewhere in the region . 
 he pictured untold wealth at a minimum of effort , especially if he could get someone else to find it . 
 he 'd hired the hooligans . 
 he 'd set up the church as the base of operations . 
 and then , of course , all that was left to do was kidnap the magician and his daughter and hold them until the man saw fit to sniff out what the fat man wanted . 
 `` the magician , on the other hand , told us he had no idea where or even if such a thing even existed . 
 magic did n't necessarily work like that , he let us know . 
 it was highly complicated and sometimes dangerous , but it was not something to be trifled with . 
 by this time there were questions budding on my tongue but i had no idea how to actually communicate with this strange man . 
 in the end i simply opened my beak and began chirping away . 
 `` i pressed him on why he did n't just leave , for surely , if he possessed the power to lead us to his cell , he could just as easily search out his daughter . 
 he just smiled sadly and shook his head . 
 he said there were certain things he could do and others that he could not . 
 many times , in fact , the very thing he searched out would be the very thing which eluded him . 
 and the more frantic a search , the more the doors in his mind locked tight . 
 he knew searching the tunnels would be fruitless since the men had taken his daughter away . 
 he did not tell me how he knew this and i did not offer what i 'd seen . 
 and as far as going after her ... ? 
 `` ` little bird , ' he said ' i do not go after her because i will not find her . 
 the fat man is lazy but he is also cunning . 
 but his hunger for the treasure will keep her safe , i believe . 
 i have to wait until their return and somehow convince them i can do this thing he proposes . ' 
 `` why then , i asked , had he led us here ? 
 what was the purpose in that ? 
 a bird and a mouse against magic and men . 
 it was preposterous . 
 he just shook his head and kept smiling down sadly . 
 finally he said , ` i 'm really not sure , little bird . 
 perhaps it was only because i needed the company ... '' he leaned forward and whispered as if binding us together in conspiracy . 
 ` also , i require some acorns from the oak which i saw growing in the church . 
 i hope you will be kind enough to bring them to me . ' 
 chapter 15 : the oak `` i will not go through the details of our departure from the tunnels . 
 suffice to say we left the same as we entered , chasing the tail of that mysterious green mist . 
 the magician , of course , refused to come , and on our leaving was once again sitting with his head in his hands , staring off into whatever dim future he could perceive . 
 `` we made good time going back and when we finally stood before the partially-opened door that led into the church , the mouse was panting horribly . 
 it was then i realized how filthy we 'd gotten in the tunnels , we were dirt and dust from head to claw ! 
 peeking around the door jamb , i found the church empty , and from the radically different cast of light through the stained-glass , i realized we 'd been gone longer than i expected . 
 `` the mouse scrambled out ahead of me , glad to be free of the dank corridors . 
 she hurried directly to a small pool of light on the floor and laid out , arms and legs outstretched , soaking up the warmth we had frightfully missed in the tunnels . 
 i , too , hopped out of the darkness as fast as i could ; for the first time , truly aware of the bone-deep cold that had ruled below . 
 a great shivering overtook me . 
 in dread , i recalled what the magician had asked of me . 
 i would have to go back . 
 there it was , suddenly admitted . 
 `` the mouse soon rose from the floor and without another look in my direction , headed off for the crack in the wall that led up to the ledge . 
 i determined not to tell her of my plans . 
 she had risked her life , perhaps senselessly , for my mad venture and i would not willingly place her in such danger again . 
 `` i looked back at the open door . 
 the hooligans would suspect foul play , or perhaps , magic . 
 there was nothing i could do . 
 i only hoped the little girl was okay . 
 and it was as i was standing there thinking these thoughts that i heard the great creak of grinding hinges and watched as the massive door slowly swung shut with a flat , hollow bang . 
 so , he was indeed powerful . 
 how much so i had no clue ... '' and the crow paused as the boys looked on from their stump . 
 they sensed something hidden but neither would mention the fact . 
 the bird continued , `` perched on the first row of pews i took to studying the oak . 
 it had grown amazingly fast since i 'd first seen it . 
 already it had split the floor and riser in three wide cracks that ran out from the lair 's entrance . 
 the trunk had lipped over these ragged edges and forced the planks even farther apart so that the closest ones were buckled . 
 i also saw the place where the branch had been broken had all but healed . 
 but this frantic push through the floor had seemed to unbalanced the tree a bit . 
 limbs now twisted and curled out of every nook and cranny , each one bursting with new buds , and the bark had rolled and folded upon itself , forming scales as hard as turtle shells close to the floor . 
 i could almost hear the faint squeak of stretching fibers within the branches . 
 i could smell the sweet , heavy sap running powerfully through its arteries , and then another wonder ! 
 clusters of small budding acorns dotting the ends and creases of every limb ! 
 i stood , enraptured , as the rest of the day passed into memory with scarcely a realized moment . 
 `` i must have dozed because it was full night when i regained my senses . 
 a numbing silence gripped the church . 
 the moonlight cast a pale , milky shade across the liquid darkness . 
 i left the pew and hopped closer to the oak , glancing underneath pews as i passed them and straining my eyes into every corner as i went . 
 i soon found a change had overtaken the tree . 
 in the course of those few short hours the tiny acorn buds had grown to size ! 
 how had he known ? 
 or , perhaps , how had he fixed it ? 
 but these vexing questions were useless . 
 for surely time was short if even nature had chosen to speed itself along like this ! 
 the thought of the tunnels snaking below brought on a fresh wave of dread , but my course was clear . 
 and so resigned to my fate , at that very moment i caught the first , faint impression of the green mist as it began to leak underneath the ever-widening crack in the heavy door that led back down into the tunnels . 
 chapter 16 : near disaster `` there was nothing left to do except grab the acorns . 
 i studied the many clusters near my beak , amazed to find each one a mirror of all the others ! 
 all uniform , perfect , no cluster larger or smaller than another . 
 weird . 
 i felt the familiar rush of that quiet fear and i knew if i dilly-dallied much longer my courage , or foolishness as i now saw it , would bend me in another direction . 
 i snatched a small cluster loose and headed for the door . 
 `` the journey back to the magician 's cell passed without event and very quickly . 
 perhaps it was merely that i did n't pause and question the intelligence of going on like i had before . 
 no , now i was only satisfying a promise i 'd made and the sooner done , the better . 
 i was also terrified the men would return . 
 i could almost feel them like a part of myself . 
 `` it was n't long before i stood in front of that ponderously heavy door in the tunnels . 
 it was tightly shut as before , and no light issued from beneath the tiny crack at the floor line . 
 at first i thought the mist had led me astray and i stood there fretting about all the many things i could fit inside my head , fearing the magician would be dead and that his mission was all for nothing . 
 `` the familiar dry click of the lock stopped me in this line of thought , and i watched the door swing back on its huge , rusty hinges . 
 seconds later i saw the magician . 
 he was completely enchained . 
 his arms , legs , across his chest ; there was even a giant clasp secured firmly about his neck ! 
 he gently clapped his hands together , beckoning me . 
 what passed between us then was simply unworldly . 
 no words or sounds really , nothing that could remotely pass as language . 
 just a mutual understanding . 
 the magician convinced me of these hidden things that fly in the face of common sense . 
 things i believe you boys can pull off with hardly a second thought . 
 `` he took the acorns and tucked them away in a fold of his pants . 
 ` thank you , little bird , ' he whispered . 
 ` but you should have waited . ' 
 it was only then that i put two-and-two together . 
 the chains , his frantic expression . 
 he was expecting them ! 
 his eyes verified as much and without another thought i scuttled out of the room . 
 fleeing down the dripping corridor , i heard the massive door slam shut . 
 i was once again alone . 
 making a mad dash back for the church door . 
 i 'd hardly made the landing of the final turn when i heard their familiar , horrible laughter ! 
 they were already inside ! 
 and me so close ! 
 `` i pressed flat against the wall and sidled down to where the light leaked in from the opened door . 
 the voices getting louder all the time . 
 i could make out a wild flickering of orange just ahead . 
 in two hops i 'd be at the threshold . 
 i thought i heard the little girl crying and inched forward . 
 looked out through the door into the church . 
 it was no comfort . 
 there were three of them at least , though the voices were hard to pinpoint . 
 torches kept the shadows leaping about me . 
 `` i saw two alternatives , neither of them very promising . 
 one , i could stay down near the wall and hope in the darkness no one spotted me . 
 given that the green mist still clung about me , i did n't place too much hope in that direction . 
 two , i could bolt through the door and pray my wings would carry me to safety . 
 the men were already near the pulpit , seconds from the door ! 
 no time to think ! 
 and i realized i really had but one choice , and hiding here was not it . 
 their slapping footsteps came around the first row of pews . 
 `` it was then i did the craziest thing of my life . 
 `` i darted across the threshold into plain view ! 
 to this day i do not know why . 
 the plan i 'd had consisted of sticking as close to the wall as possible and trying to sneak out while they were otherwise engaged . 
 nothing in my mind had suggested simply leaping from the darkness with the last , faint traces of the mist still clinging around me ! 
 immediately i registered the concern on their faces over the open door . 
 and my sudden appearance only bumped them from concerned to absolutely astonished . 
 blocking my passage was the biggest and ugliest of the lot . 
 his bloodshot , pig-eyes rolled back into something as close to surprise as his numb brain could manage , and while we stood there , eying each other in silence , he turned and yelled something over his shoulder . 
 seconds later , too late by just a little , did i see what he actually meant to do . 
 he kicked the door closed and i tried to jump free . 
 `` i did n't make it . 
 chapter 17 : the magician 's last help `` we 're nearing the end , '' the crow croaked a bit sadly . 
 `` and still you have no idea why i 've subjected you to such a long and twisted tale . 
 for that , i 'm thankful for this time knot , and i 'm also thankful for your patience and attention . 
 listen , '' it said . 
 `` we 're almost done . 
 `` the pain was like stars exploding because you see , the man had slammed back the door and it had taken me all the way to the jamb where my claw was crushed . 
 i came to on the cold , musty-smelling floor a few feet from the yawning tunnel door . 
 gulping like a fish breaking the surface of a pond , coming into a world that is completely outside its comprehension . 
 the first thing i saw was the green mist pulsing stronger than ever . 
 i was completely engulfed now , it having grown so thick around me it was as if sparkling cobwebs filled the air . 
 the second thing i saw was the whole group of men frozen in place , captured in the magician 's web like the insects they were . 
 all staring sightless , rooted in place as if their feet had frozen through the floor . 
 the little girl included , two hairy arms gripping her tightly . 
 and as i was ensnared in this strange phantom of a dream , i moved with the same syrupy , sluggishness that you often find in such places . 
 everywhere was absolute silence . 
 i pushed myself upright on my good claw noticing suddenly how cold the air was . 
 the last breath each man had breathed was ghostly-white and trapped in a fuzzy cloud before his face , but mine continued to stream out in tight little gasps . 
 `` there was nothing to be done as far as saving the girl . 
 i had to get away . 
 but every time i inched forward my claw jarred in agony and stars burst in my eyes . 
 i made for the crack in the wall , even then feeling the mist thinning before me . 
 mere inches away from safety i heard a startled shout from behind and went down , sprawling against the thick baseboard . 
 i pushed inside and crawled as far back into the hole as i could . 
 then i used my good claw and my beak , pulling and tugging myself up through the space in the wall to the ledge above . 
 `` i fell into the mouse 's chamber in such a terror she had to pin me to the floor . 
 she could not calm me . 
 eventually i slipped into a weird , seemingly hypnotic , state -lrb- she said -rrb- that she could not rouse me out of . 
 the next thing i knew i was lying close to a tiny splash of light near one of the stained-glass windows . 
 the pain was still unbearable and i was only dimly aware that she had wrapped the claw with strips of bandage covered with a sticky sap she hoarded for cuts and bruises . 
 it did very little if anything . 
 `` i developed a fever . 
 nightmares overtook reality . 
 within the cold confines of that pain i would suddenly find myself lost in the snaking tunnels below the church , crying out to the magician to no avail . 
 and all the while searching through those terrible corridors , the mist becoming dimmer and thinner until the darkness was almost complete . 
 as each second passed i felt myself getting weaker . 
 finally i was alone in the darkness , blind and paralyzed as the walls closed around me . 
 during one of the worst of these phantoms , i began to hear a voice coaxing me from the darkness . 
 i gradually became aware of the mouse 's presence before me , patting my head with a wet cloth . 
 she told me something terrible was in the air , that i needed to pull myself together . 
 `` as reality replaced the stuff of nightmare , i stumbled through an explanation of what had happened . 
 i told her about the oak , the acorns , the magician 's request . 
 i finally got around to the disaster at the church door and the weird circumstance that had allowed my escape . 
 but as i told her these things i slowly melted under her terrified gaze , and i knew there was something worse . 
 `` a storm of another kind was on the way . 
 chapter 18 : the eve of the storm `` it came on very slowly , i remember that one was peculiar from the start . 
 the world outside seemed to grind to a standstill . 
 no crickets chirruped in the grass , no birds or squirrels bickered in the trees . 
 the penetrating silence that had engulfed the church when the men disappeared into the tunnels was not confined there . 
 it hung around it like a great , choking fog that wrapped tighter and tighter with every passing second . 
 `` and to make matters worse i could hardly move . 
 i 'd been sadly mistaken earlier to believe the gunshot could not be matched . 
 the smashed claw was a monster of a whole other magnitude and i lay there throughout another long night hardly aware of anything except that agony . 
 when i was able i asked the mouse the question that had plagued me : had she seen the little girl ? 
 she said she 'd heard her crying as the men had led her down into the tunnels , but upon their return she had not been with them . 
 i suggested that perhaps the magician had bested them and found some other way out , but i knew that was folly . 
 the mouse had seen them reenter the church and leave out the front door . 
 the memory of the one who 'd slammed my claw in the door was crystal sharp in my mind . 
 in his face i 'd seen a madness not encountered since the day i 'd happened upon an opossum snared in a trap . 
 it had obviously been there for several days before i came upon it and although delirium was evident in its eyes , it had also been extremely , cunningly persuasive as it begged me to come closer . 
 to set it free . 
 i did n't . 
 i knew to go near that animal that day would have been suicide . 
 the desperation and madness had been a living thing in its eyes , and something wild had invaded its soul . 
 the man had had that same deadly look , and the only relief i could find was in the fact that he 'd not been the one holding the little girl when i made my somewhat clumsy escape . 
 `` the mouse said they 'd been gone two full days and nights . 
 and what of the mysterious stillness in the air ? 
 we both knew a storm was coming but nothing in our combined experience had prepared us for this one 's fury . 
 `` the mouse went in search of food and i was left alone with increasingly weird and fragmented thoughts while the shadows crept across the length of the church 's walls and floor . 
 this foggy period of unease continued until i realized she was back . 
 and she had something to tell me . 
 there were ghosts about , she said . 
 she could hear them sliding in and out among the trees , rooting around in the undergrowth . 
 she 'd heard cries and moans spilling from as far away as the old town cemetery . 
 there were horrible smells issuing among the pines . 
 little tendrils of malevolence that bloomed into wicked shapes as the eye moved past . 
 `` then came the voices . 
 far off at first , but increasingly closer . 
 loud , angry . 
 there seemed to be more than one argument going on , but we could make no sense of any of it . 
 and as the mouse had warned , the wayward ghosts and other spirits were loose and closing also on the church . 
 in between the ranting yells of the approaching men and the steady pattering of drops against the nearby windowpanes , i could hear ghostly whispers , their smoky bodies slithering against the glass , their dangerous invitations to join them in the night . 
 `` the men finally kicked their way inside , dripping with rain and cursing blackly . 
 and as their sputtering torches flung ghostly whips of light in all directions , i squinted into the darkness trying to get an idea of how many there were this time . 
 five , i saw . 
 and worse , the fat man was among them . 
 the little girl was nowhere in sight . 
 there was a lot of finger-pointing between the fat man and the ugly one , the one who 'd slammed my claw in the door . 
 soon their argument drowned out the others . 
 `` the fat man shook his head angrily and fished around inside his coat pocket before pulling free a small bag . 
 he flung it down with an angry thump on the pew beside him , and the ugly one broke off his shouting . 
 what followed was a much quieter disagreement conducted mostly by the fat man . 
 he did n't look good for his exertions , all panting and red-faced , and it was n't long before he -lrb- in mid-conversation -rrb- he collapsed into the pew where the bag lay . 
 `` the ugly one turned to the others and uttered what must have been a command . 
 they began picking up some of the tools they 'd thrown down in the aisles during the various arguments . 
 then they pushed past where the fat man sat wheezing , making their way toward the pulpit . 
 between the torches and the weirdly muted light sifting in from outside , it was a chaotic scene down below . 
 from where i hunched on the ledge i could get no handle on their intent . 
 but i did feel i had a clue . 
 `` things were coming apart . 
 the fat man 's plans were going awry . 
 the ugly one yelled something back in his direction and when there was no reply , he rushed back to the fat man 's pew . 
 he bent toward him and muttered something indistinct . 
 the fat man made no response . 
 i saw what i thought to be the ugly one picking up the small bag . 
 the others , concerned , moved closer as if to investigate but were stopped short by him . 
 he pulled them into a tight circle . 
 several minutes later they broke as a group for the tunnel door , threw it wide , and started down into the darkness . 
 `` i remained hidden until the sound of their voices faded to wavering echoes . 
 never in my life have i felt more helpless . 
 i knew they were going for the magician but there was nothing on the earth i could do to stop them . 
 chapter 19 : in the grip of the storm `` the wind started around dark . 
 it howled against the windowpanes and the rain came down like it was hungry . 
 i could vaguely make out the shadows of trees twisting in the fury through the rain-splattered stained-glass . 
 a thunderclap boomed , shaking the whole church , followed by a steady barrage of even bigger raindrops . 
 i backed away from the window for safety . 
 this one would be a monster . 
 `` trying to ignore both the pain in my claw and the roaring assault outside , i dragged myself to the mouse 's chamber entrance . 
 she was waiting just inside , squeaking miserably to herself . 
 the men were gone but the fat man remained where they 'd left him . 
 even though the light was thin and cast about it did n't take a genius to know he was dead . 
 we made our way back to the ledge and looked down . 
 his head was tilted at an awkward angle and his mouth was wide open as if still fighting for that last breath . 
 the trek through the forest and the subsequent argument had obviously done him in . 
 `` another violent peal of thunder broke close by and a lightning bolt broke the spine of a tree outside , ripping it asunder with an ear-splitting crash . 
 a gust of wind followed , bending the very glass in the window frame . 
 the front doors suddenly blew back with a burst of wet leaves and i watched in horror as a familiar , dreaded shape darted inside as if chased by all of hell 's demons . 
 the cat ! 
 it paused menacingly a few paces inside the doorway and began licking at its mangy fur . 
 i watched as its bony tail waved about in the gloom . 
 then it suddenly quit licking and looked up with a snap of its neck as if it 'd heard something . 
 it commenced to sniff along close to the floor , all the while inching farther along the aisle , deeper into the church . 
 it was no more than three pews from the fat man when the sensation seized me . 
 `` suddenly the interior of the church came alive with the green mist ! 
 all the cracks and crevices i had not been able to see until now , even the door that led down into the tunnels and which was below and hidden by the balcony , were obvious . 
 and along with this impossibility i felt something else completely grappling for control of my body ! 
 i tried to back away from the ledge but i could not move . 
 the mouse was no longer at my side . 
 panic seized me ! 
 i was suddenly cut off from reality , embedded in some terrible trance-like phenomena . 
 `` the only thing left in my control was sight , but it oddly seemed to come from everywhere at once ! 
 as if i 'd become a ghost myself , left to drift along the rafters to the ceiling for the coming sprawl of centuries . 
 i gazed in amazement , soaking in both everything and nothing at once ! 
 incredibly , i saw myself now huddled close against the brickwork that lined the window . 
 my eyes were closed , the mouse still nowhere to be found . 
 the cat was spooked , crouched down almost into a ball . 
 its hair standing in a ridge along its back . 
 the glow intensified and in the absence of sound a great pressure bloomed in my inner ear . 
 i felt a bolt of extreme sadness mixed with anger seize me and watched as the entire stained-glass window blew out of its frame in one huge piece with a solid sheet of wind and rain driving behind it . 
 barely missing my ` real ' self , it arched out into the empty air and came apart at the seams when it hit the floor below . 
 i saw flashes of light spark throughout the mist , and glass blew out in a slivered shower . 
 the cat barreled down the aisle and back out into the storm . 
 `` i felt something tear inside me then , something somehow both searingly hot and icy cold at the same time , and then i was sucked away from my ghostly vantage point and slammed back into my real body , slumped near the wall and pelted by the rain . 
 i came back to my true senses in complete confusion , pummeled by the rain , all the while pushed ever closer to the edge of darkness by howling gusts of wind i 've never heard or felt matched before ! 
 almost blind with panic , i called out for help . 
 i knew within mere moments i would be either blown off the ledge to the church floor below or sucked out into the fury of the storm outside . 
 flying was out of the question . 
 and as usual , the mouse -lrb- appearing as if from nowhere -rrb- saved my life at the risk of her own , pulling me roughly through the rent in the wall back to her chamber . 
 we rode out the rest of the storm clutching one another tightly as the wind raged with unparalleled vengeance outside . 
 chapter 20 : aftermath `` a long while after the wind died down we heard voices . 
 i eased away from the mouse and crept to the ledge . 
 when the men entered the church their loud talk fell away to whispers . 
 i knew why because i could see him too . 
 the fat man was washed in the sunlight , sprinkled in tiny sparkling shards of glass that glittered and winked . 
 but it was much different than it had been in the night . 
 now instead of ghost-like he was actually forbidding , another potential monster to contend with . 
 `` i looked them over quickly . 
 no magician and no little girl . 
 a dizzying wave passed over me . 
 i waited , trying to get a grip on myself as they gathered around the dead man . 
 they poked at him and prodded him and finally left him where he lay . 
 the last one out shoved the doors closed and finally we were alone . 
 even then , something told me we 'd seen the last of them . 
 that we were finally quits . 
 `` needless to say , i was useless . 
 the smashed claw mixed with everything else had reduced me to nothing . 
 for the next few days the mouse served as my nurse , again . 
 she scurried around daily fetching fresh bedding , stocking our food supply , looking out for danger . 
 by the time i was better i could see she was fairly bursting with a secret . 
 `` and when i asked it came pouring out . 
 what she told me sharpened the images that had been so loose and unconnected in my mind . 
 i remembered how the window had been dashed out of its frame , and the dead man lying below . 
 i remembered the terrible cat and the ominous absence of the magician and little girl . 
 all the things i 'd thought nightmares , now confirmed as real . 
 and i also saw the fear burning in the mouse 's eyes . 
 it was also then i became aware of the smell . 
 `` the front doors had been closed inexplicably closed since the storm and now it was uncomfortably warm . 
 the fat man was spoiling down below . 
 the mouse also whispered of more ghosts in the air , and some strange , mysterious presence that she could not explain . 
 she begged that we should leave . 
 i tried to quell her anxiety by urging her to tell me why she let things build for so long rather than letting me know earlier . 
 i thought the question would give her pause , but she shrugged me off immediately . 
 she would hear none of it . 
 we should leave ! 
 she demanded . 
 it was clear that she would not stay another night in the church . 
 and i also found out she 'd been planning our departure while i was incapacitated . 
 since the window had been blow out , all i had to do , she assured me , was make it to the tree flanking this side of the church . 
 i was still a little shaky and the claw throbbed unmercifully , but i told her i believed i could make the tree . 
 and the rest of the plan , i wondered ? 
 `` not to worry , she informed me . 
 during my recuperation she 'd built up a store of food . 
 far enough away from this place for safety , she was quick to add . 
 i did n't like the idea of abandoning the church , but if she believed there were ghosts and other spirits about , who was i to say any different ? 
 i 'd seen enough already to take her at face value . 
 if she believed it was time to get out , then so be it . 
 `` however , the thought of sleeping in an unfamiliar place was unsettling . 
 the mouse agreed but insisted . 
 she said the green mist still appeared in the deepest part of night , carrying voices within it that she could not understand . 
 i chose to take it no further than that and assured her i was game . 
 what i did n't tell her was that i would be coming back . 
 the voices in the mist ... i was pretty sure i knew whose they were , and even had half a mind i 'd be able to understand them without too much difficulty . 
 `` we agreed to meet underneath the oak beside the north wall , and the mouse disappeared soon after through the seam she used to get to the bottom floor . 
 i hopped out to the ledge . 
 a bit of sunshine cut a slash across one side of the church and suddenly the lonely emptiness of the vast place did seem dangerous . 
 i looked down into the shadowy depths where the vague outline of the fat man stood out better than the other shadows . 
 the air was indeed growing ripe . 
 `` at the pulpit , catching the last rays of light reflecting in from the stained-glass windows , stood the oak , swaying restlessly in the phantom breeze which rocked it slowly this way and that . 
 but now it no longer bore any obvious scar of the branch that had been ripped away . 
 now it was healthy and bursting with leaves , more like a bush , really , than a tree . 
 its continuous rustling produced a mere vague whisper , but although i strained my ears i could not make out any message or intention . 
 regardless , i had to leave the mystery for another day because in the state the mouse was in , i owed her to speed along . 
 `` i turned to the ragged hole where the window had been . 
 the sun had passed behind a thick cloud bank , leaving only a reddened smudge against the sky . 
 i stretched out my wings , pulled the claw as tight as as could to my underbelly and launched out into empty space . 
 i made the tree safely and by the time i heard the tell-tale patter of the mouse tapping at the base of the oak , i was already waiting in the crook of a low branch . '' 
 here the gigantic bird stopped and the boys watched as it plucked several crooked feathers from its glistening coat and dropped them to the ground . 
 connor finally spoke when it became obvious the bird would not be forthcoming . 
 `` did ya 'll ever go back ? '' 
 he asked . 
 the bird raised its head , its eyes glinting like two diamonds . 
 `` oh yes , '' it said . 
 `` but that is not a story for now . '' 
 it looked out strangely into the weird darkness . 
 `` so there were ghosts ? '' 
 ian ventured . 
 the crow nodded very slightly , as though there was more to it than that . 
 `` so what do you want us to do ? '' 
 connor said . 
 it had been a long story , and time knot or not , it was time to go home . 
 `` first , '' the great bird said , `` i want you to go home and sleep on the things i 've told you . 
 you know we are in need . 
 i believe you can help us , but i 'm not willing to bring you along against your will . 
 i 'll meet you here tomorrow if you 're still interested . 
 `` something 's wrong at the church , '' ian whispered softly . 
 the crow hung its head and whistled sharply . 
 `` yes ! '' 
 it said . 
 `` the oak is dying ! 
 and somehow , for some unknown reason , we are bound up in its fate . 
 i can feel myself getting weaker every day . 
 my eyesight , my hearing , all fading . 
 it is the same with the mouse and even as old as we are , it is still hard to let go . 
 especially where there remains a thing undone . '' 
 the time knot slipped then , began to unravel in real time . 
 the cloud bank alongside the moon edged away . 
 the gently lapping water at the pond 's bank splashed , and the frozen streetlights flickered violently several times before bursting to full life . 
 they were now officially late . 
 `` you must go ! '' 
 the crow squawked . 
 `` there 's no time ! 
 run ! 
 go home and think on what i 've said ! '' 
 and it dove out of the pine , making for the thicker woods on the far side of the highway without another word . 
 they watched it go standing side by side . 
 mysteries were indeed piled high . 
 and much better ones than either of them had dreamed of in the tree house or safely in their beds on quiet nights . 
 connor finally broke the silence , saying what they both already knew . 
 `` c'mon man ! 
 let 's get outta here ! 
 we 're late ! '' 
 ian nodded , still watching the giant crow as it faded into the darkness . 
 it was only a faint pinprick smudged against the lighter purple sky for another moment until it melted away entirely . 
 they turned and ran back to their bicycles and made off pell-mell to their homes . 
 chapter 21 : beginning the thing connor knew when ian got to his house without even fully realizing it . 
 he high-trailed it to the front door . 
 ian was just reaching for the doorbell when connor threw the door wide , pointing his finger and laughing . 
 `` got ` cha ! '' 
 he yelled as the smile spread across his friend 's face . 
 `` yeah , but you thought i was gon na knock ! '' 
 ian shot back , pointing his own finger . 
 connor nodded . 
 `` c'mon ! '' 
 he said excitedly and they raced back down the hall , ian with a quick ` hello ' to mrs. williams as she rounded the corner to close the front door she already knew she 'd find open . 
 minutes later ian stood restlessly just inside the bedroom doorway as connor rooted around in his closet , throwing junk over his shoulder like a dog digging for a bone , searching out his rubber boots . 
 ian already had his on . 
 however , there was one more thing connor half-feared they 'd also need . 
 `` ah hah ! '' 
 he exclaimed triumphantly , pulling the police-duty flashlight from the depths of the toy box . 
 the smile on ian 's face slid away , forming a map of concern that reached all the way up to his brow . 
 `` you doan think ... '' he began , shuddering as the rest of the thought went unspoken . 
 connor shrugged his shoulders and studied the floor . 
 the vacation when they had gone down into carlsbad caverns in arkansas came vividly to their minds . 
 `` you never can tell , '' he said quietly . 
 ian dropped his voice to a whisper also and closed the door . 
 `` you doan think it wants us to go down there , do ya ? '' 
 the image of twisting underground tunnels and dank passageways had haunted his sleep all night . 
 connor shrugged again and cast his friend a worried glance . 
 best to change the subject . 
 any more of this and they were both likely to chicken out . 
 `` got in trouble last night ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` nah , not much . 
 dad just tole me i better have my butt home tonight when the streetlights come on . 
 you ? '' 
 `` same . '' 
 connor paused , biting his lip . 
 he tried to look away but ian stepped closer and touched his friend on the shoulder . 
 `` you think it 'll be back . '' 
 it was not a question . 
 connor nodded . 
 `` okay . 
 so we go , right ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` where you gon na put that thing ? '' 
 ian said , pointing . 
 connor looked down curiously as if he 'd already forgotten . 
 `` oh yeah . 
 mom 'll really think we 're up to no good if we leave with this in the middle of the day , '' he said , holding out the flashlight . 
 `` here , '' ian said , pulling his shirt tail out and grabbing hold of the barrel . 
 in a wink the flashlight disappeared to the small of his back . 
 `` ta da ! '' 
 he exclaimed , turning around with his arms outspread . 
 `` yeah , good . 
 ca n't see a thing . '' 
 connor grinned . 
 `` okay , let 's go . 
 mom ! '' 
 he yelled as they both pushed through the doorway . 
 `` going out ! '' 
 and they raced down the hall , beating it to the front door as mrs. williams threw safety tips at their backs . 
 they decided on the most covert trail they knew . 
 this was , after all , serious business . 
 spy business , like james bond . 
 because believe it or not they 'd spent a long time the day before listening to a gigantic crow tell them an amazing story . 
 and according to this same bird , their help was needed . 
 so , both proud and fearful , they made their way through the thick brush at the end of the street around the corner . 
 it could only be the buffalo wallow trail this time , just in case they were tailed . 
 it got its name because tale had it real buffalo had created the wonderful , slick and grassless hollow near where the concrete steps sat inexplicably abandoned on the hill . 
 everyone agreed it surely looked big enough for buffalo to have made and the eerie steps completed the curiosity . 
 no one knew how they 'd come to rest atop the slight rise . 
 there was not a house in sight -lrb- construction on this side of the neighborhood had halted over fifteen years before because , supposedly , of a conflict with a dead man 's will -rrb- and not even the oldest kid had a clue as to their purpose . 
 they were simply ancient , maybe even as old as the crone who lived at the end of tassel street . 
 the only time she put her porch light on was halloween -lrb- though no one ever visited there -rrb- , and some believed the steps were part of an altar she used for witchcraft . 
 `` ahh , i 'm caught ! '' 
 ian grunted . 
 connor , standing bent-backed amid a solid cluster of brambles saw his friend 's shirt was pulled up to his chin . 
 a large thorn bush had `` hat-racked '' him as he attempted to push through . 
 it took the better part of five minutes to free the boy at the expense of a torn shirt collar and a shoulder scrape . 
 `` mom 's gon na kill me , '' he said as the two rested at the high side of the wallow . 
 connor nodded solemnly as he studied his own filthy clothing . 
 the trail had lived up to its name . 
 it seemed all the rain of the week before had drained here , just below the silky surface that appeared so incredibly solid until you put one foot down . 
 like someone had gone over it with a polishing rag . 
 a lock-step advance plunged them through the glimmering surface with a loud , froggy burp and they spent another fifteen minutes fighting through the knee-deep mud until they finally clamored and fought their way to the other side and drier land . 
 `` maybe the wallow was a bad idea , '' ian said , scraping the gumbo mud off his boots with a stick . 
 `` yeah , you 're right , but the worst part 's over . 
 let 's just get to the tree house . '' 
 they trudged past the concrete steps that led nowhere , not even faintly chilled by the ghost stories now as they were too busy fighting off the horde of flies called on by the meaty-smelling mud . 
 ian voiced the thought both boys felt . 
 `` that bird better be there , '' he said menacingly as they sweated along . 
 the tree house , approached from the direction of the buffalo wallow trail , looked to be no more than a scattering of lumber stuffed into the upper reaches of the blasted pine . 
 the sun had just passed its zenith and threw long shadows across the grass as its daily slide began . 
 thankfully , the wind had also picked up , slowing the assault of the mosquitoes . 
 the temperature had also dropped several degrees , and here was another stroke of luck : no one else was around . 
 the place was all theirs . 
 they came into the clearing where the crow had told its tale and kicked around in the dust for a moment , checking the ground for fresh prints . 
 as luck would have it , there were none other in the dust except their own and even a couple large scrawled scratches that could only have been made by the crow . 
 that , at least , proved they were n't crazy . 
 did n't it ? 
 connor kicked the old , rusty folger 's can they 'd used as a nail jar during the tree house job . 
 it spilled out a little brown water as the boys milled about . 
 they looked at each other and shrugged . 
 the crow had said ` today ' but not when ` today . ' 
 and yesterday had been much later . 
 so they went on to other things . 
 connor stood at the pond 's edge , flinging stones they 'd collected from the roadway while ian swung lazily back and forth on the huge , ship-rope connor 's father had gotten for some forgotten purpose long ago and they 'd spirited out last month . 
 they were so involved that they did n't even notice the crow until the sound of its ponderous weight settled suddenly into the middle branches of the closest pine tree . 
 connor forgot about the stone he held in his hand , and ian let go the rope and dropped to the ground . 
 neither said anything as they gathered near the fallen branch they 'd used as a bench the day before . 
 the crow whistled high and rusty , as if surprised they 'd returned at all . 
 then it dropped down , settled in the dust at their feet , the faintest hint of its strange twisted grin showing in the creases around its eyes . 
 `` you came back ! '' 
 the great bird exclaimed . 
 `` there was a question ! '' 
 ian looked to connor and connor looked back , nodded . 
 in this way the spokesman was chosen . 
 `` yeah , we came back , '' connor said . 
 he kicked a pine cone by his foot . 
 `` but we do n't know why . 
 we 're just kids , '' he admitted . 
 the crow clucked deep in its throat . 
 `` no matter , boys . 
 the fact is , you came . '' 
 the bird took a sharp breath and puffed itself out . 
 both boys watched as it went through its ritual , preening its feathers , examining its underbelly . 
 but there seemed an underlying nervousness now . 
 it fretted with its feathers while the boys looked on silently . 
 several minutes slid by before the silence was broken , this time by a simple question . 
 `` so you will help ? '' 
 the bird said . 
 `` what is it you want us to do ? '' 
 connor replied . 
 the crow sighed long and deep . 
 `` as i told you , the tree is dying . 
 and with it , so are we . 
 the mouse is already very weak . 
 with every leaf that falls from the oak i feel the end getting ever closer . 
 now , we do n't even dare venture inside ... '' `` why ? '' 
 ian broke in . 
 the bird looked away , not meeting their eyes . 
 `` the cat is back . '' 
 it paused . 
 `` it has grown very crafty . '' 
 connor was tired of the game . 
 `` what do you want us to do ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 the crow chortled , dropping its crippled claw into view . 
 the time had come to speak plainly . 
 `` i need you to come with me to the church . 
 you have to save the tree . '' 
 their sudden laughter blew apart the black pall that hung so thick in the air . 
 `` that 's it ! '' 
 ian howled . 
 `` all this because you want us to save a tree !? '' 
 `` not just any tree , boy . 
 our tree . '' 
 ian shook his head . 
 `` c'mon , we 're just kids . 
 like he said , '' pointing . 
 `` wadda we know about trees ? '' 
 `` perhaps nothing , perhaps everything . 
 that is not for me to know . 
 but you were the ones in the vision , '' it said . 
 `` you saw us ? '' 
 connor asked incredulously . 
 `` i did . '' 
 `` and in this vision , what did we do ? '' 
 `` that was not clear . '' 
 `` so ... ? '' 
 ian began , not knowing where to go with the remark . 
 then , `` we have to be home before the streetlights come on tonight . 
 we 'll be in serious trouble if not . '' 
 `` i know , '' the bird chirruped . 
 `` i 'll use the time knot as best i can . 
 there is nothing else i can guarantee . 
 just know you are our last , best hope . '' 
 a quiet moment passed . 
 somewhere on the other side of the pond a bullfrog issued a throaty challenge . 
 a tiny breeze tickled through the spine of the broken pine . 
 `` well ... let 's do it , '' ian said at last . 
 `` if we 're the ones , then we 're the ones . 
 where is this place ? '' 
 `` i 'll show you , '' the crow replied , already fanning its wings . 
 chapter 22 : reaching the church it did n't really take them very long to get there , most likely because most of the distance traveled was inside another of the crow 's mysterious time knots . 
 they 'd not even been aware of it until reaching the highway which separated the neighborhood from the forest on the other side . 
 that was when connor had glanced down at his motionless watch . 
 he was still shaking his wrist slightly when ian touched him on the shoulder . 
 connor looked up and found his friend pointing down the road . 
 a solid line of cars were motionless before them as if they 'd all found a place and sudden reason to park and sit for a while . 
 a cement mixer third in line had a fixed pole of smoke standing rigid from both pipes . 
 there was no sound , no motion in the nearby trees . 
 the crow was nowhere in sight . 
 they crossed the highway and made straight for the four-wheeler trail just to the side of the hollow stump . 
 bending down to examine it , they soon found the arrow the crow had promised them would be there . 
 it pointed to the other path . 
 this one thinner and harder to see . 
 it must have been beaten down by the likes of raccoons , rabbits and other small animals , but if you hunched over and kept moving it was nowhere near as tough as the buffalo wallow . 
 the eerie silence followed them along the trail . 
 they passed by a cluster of squirrels , no more than two feet away and the animals did n't even twitch a nose . 
 the boys simply looked to one another and everything they thought flowed between them . 
 what they 'd long known as the glance now raged within them . 
 the old , deserted ghost of a town was a stranger sort of business . 
 if the crow had not warned them of its existence , they 'd have moved through without a clue . 
 the lost town had sunk into the dense surroundings , melted under the slow crunch of time . 
 only here and there were what must have been the broken , rotten , and long discarded remnants of the precious town the woman had built . 
 now the fat man 's evil held sway . 
 the long-lost wagon-rutted lane that had obviously arrowed through town had disappeared , but if one looked closely its course could still be seen . 
 a solid line of gnarled pecan trees marched away on what must have been both sides of the old logging road . 
 there were many gaps and a burst of undergrowth and vines choked large swaths of the ragged clearing , but the old lane was there . 
 you could just see it . 
 the houses , sheds , and shops had also long since fallen in and been reclaimed by the forest , but the musty humps and matted clusters of brush lent clues as to where the more significant of these buildings had been . 
 the stillness and silence inside the time knot made the boys nervous . 
 they felt as if they were passing through a graveyard , and would not have been the least surprised to see ancient , moaning shapes flitting about among the shadowed curtain of trees that seemed to beckon them closer to some ghastly secret . 
 they came across the second boulder a short time later . 
 it poked a broken , moss-covered side from a moldy hillock set close into a nest of young willow trees . 
 stained black from the weather . 
 they approached cautiously , neither taking the lead as they crept forward . 
 the bird was still nowhere to be found . 
 a nagging urge passed between them to turn back but the glance forced them on . 
 momentarily , in that no-time , they came to the stone and saw what was etched upon it : the familiar arrow unmistakably pointing off to the deeper parts of the forest . 
 they peered through the depths surrounding the great columns of trees , already dark , the sun refused passage down here at the forest floor . 
 ribbons of cold tension began threading through them . 
 ian reached over and ran his finger through a clump of thick moss eating into another , smaller boulder and it came away filthy black . 
 he wiped the smear along his pant leg . 
 `` what are we doin here ? '' 
 he whispered to no one in particular . 
 they followed the direction of the arrow . 
 the going was soon much tougher . 
 they had no compass and the only way to determine a hopefully straight line was to mark a tree in the distance and head toward it . 
 this proved easier said than done . 
 uprooted and broken trees , thorn bushes , and snakelike vines blocked them at every step . 
 by the time they reached the next marker , luckily , they were both sweating terribly . 
 `` man , '' connor said , pulling up alongside a tree . 
 `` this is ridiculous . 
 we were just flat lucky to find that thing , '' he said , pointing at the marker stone . 
 `` no kidding , '' ian replied , picking a thorn from the heel of his right hand . 
 and as he began looking up , still fidgeting with the thorn and fixing to say something else , his mouth fell into a gaping o and his eyes followed suit . 
 he seemed to be staring at something just over connor 's right shoulder . 
 without thinking , connor ducked and jumped away from the tree he 'd just been leaning against . 
 he pulled up alongside ian and turned to look back . 
 pinned to the tree before them was a fox squirrel , frozen there like a trophy on the wall . 
 it was a big one , so old its fur had reached a perfect match point with the bark . 
 its eyes appeared glassy and distant but that was not what had stopped ian in his tracks . 
 from out the corner of the squirrel 's mouth hung what looked to be most of a large , dead lizard . 
 `` will you look at that !? '' 
 ian yelled . 
 connor grabbed his friend 's shoulder as the boy tried to move ahead . 
 there was just something wrong with this ... ian turned to his friend , wide-eyed . 
 `` have you ever ? '' 
 he began . 
 `` no . 
 never . 
 i thought they only ate acorns and , i do n't know ... grass ? '' 
 they studied the tableau again . 
 a squirrel eating a lizard ! 
 what was all that ? 
 and with this new wonder came also something darker . 
 an accompanying hint of danger . 
 connor looked at him and ian shook his head . 
 `` kinda late to turn back now . '' 
 ian scratched his head and peered back into the afternoon 's fragmented light . 
 they 'd left no obvious markers behind them , not a single one . 
 very quietly , so as to avoid panic , connor turned back the other direction , shivered , and said , `` you remember which tree it was we were heading for ? '' 
 ian faced that direction , scanning the area . 
 he ducked his head and squinted with one hand shading his brow . 
 `` yeah ... doan worry . 
 it 's that one over there , '' he said , pointing . 
 `` the one that branches off right above that big hole in the side . 
 you see it ? '' 
 `` oh yeah , there it is . 
 for a moment there ... guess the squirrel threw me . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` man , you ever seen anything like that ? '' 
 `` you 'd know if i had . '' 
 they were quiet for a moment afterward , still chancing a look at the squirrel though neither really wanted to . 
 `` you can feel it , ca n't you ? '' 
 connor said . 
 `` yeah . 
 we 're lost . 
 we did n't mark any trees coming in . '' 
 `` uh huh ... hope we find that church , '' connor finished , putting both their fear to words . 
 after marking six more trees in the distance , and still finding nothing even vaguely resembling a clearing in which an old church would sit , the opportunity for panic broadened its horizons . 
 from their torn and dirty clothing they already knew a lot of explaining would be in order . 
 they just hoped , now , to get that chance . 
 it was then they began to wonder if the giant bird had tricked them . 
 after all , what did they really know ? 
 they pushed closer together , fighting and kicking their way through and over the underbrush and fallen trees . 
 at last the forest began to thin a bit . 
 a moment later they broke through a twisted copse of trees into another clearing . 
 they pulled up like a shot . 
 the church rotted before them like an old ship slowly sinking below green , grassy waves . 
 the once beautiful landscaping was now nothing more than shadow and thorn , there was no plan left . 
 shrubs grew wild and thick about the church 's massive base and just to the left of a mas of thick honeysuckle , the boys could see the rusted , iron fence surrounding the lonely cemetery . 
 what was left of the buckling , crumbling walls was coated from top to bottom with the same thick , black moss as had covered the path-finding stones earlier . 
 the once sturdy wooden doors were now completely rotten ; the entranceway had , in fact , collapsed upon itself , forming a gap-toothed arch that yawned away into the darkness . 
 there was no stained-glass left , no ornamentation whatsoever . 
 but it was not the work of man that held the boys . 
 it was the tree . 
 it had taken over , you see . 
 it had sunk its roots deeply into the damp loam beneath the rotten floorboards and set out to conquer . 
 and to what effect ! 
 no longer was the church guardian of the clearing . 
 over the long years , time had set things on their ears . 
 while the church had grown slumped and lost , the tree had grown monstrous . 
 huge , knotted limbs twisted and curled out of every crack and hole torn in the masonry 's crumbling hide . 
 the entire roof which had once domed above the sanctuary floor had given way and in its place was a crown of thick , green leaves blowing and rippling like a huge bubble squeezing up through the broken rafters . 
 a mass of limbs stretched skyward , while others served as a balance of sorts , setting chunks of floor as platforms around the elbows of shield-like bark . 
 but the crow had not lied because there were many thin patches in what was visible of the massive tree 's foliage . 
 some sections were in fact limp and strangled-looking . 
 regardless , the sickened tree still gave the very real impression of holding what was left of the derelict church upright . 
 all , that is , except the pastor 's quarters where the crow had first gotten inside . 
 of that structure there was little left to speak of . 
 bits of foundation showed through here and there , but the walls and roof had long since wasted away . 
 the huge , crumpled skeleton of a long dead tree lay trapped in a web of thorn and thistle . 
 large mounds of protruding vines and mulberry bushes grew upon the mass that had become of both the building and the tree . 
 the boys stared in the half-light of wonder and fear . 
 this was not what they had expected . 
 an old building , sure . 
 maybe like a couple of the wrecks work crews tore apart downtown , but nothing like this ! 
 because , and they really had to face the truth , if anything in the world could be haunted , then this ancient church surely was ! 
 the crow 's ominous words came back to the boys then . 
 it had said the church was abandoned , that the cat was back . 
 that the creature had become crafty . 
 ian shivered and looked at connor . 
 the older boy looked back . 
 `` we 're supposed to go in there ? '' 
 ian asked , dumbfounded . 
 connor just nodded , pausing to point a shaking finger at the ancient site which stood before them like doom personified . 
 `` man ... i doan know ... '' ian said , not even making a move to swat the fly that buzzed loudly around his left ear . 
 so had it not been for the flapping of wings at that very instant , the whole course of events would have probably gone far differently . 
 but it did come , accompanied by a flashing shadow in the grass a few yards away . 
 and with it the forest sounds suddenly erupted to a strange , natural symphony that made both boys yell and grab for one another in surprise . 
 chapter 23 : what the boys found the crow wasted no time getting to the point . 
 it was panting , straining for breath and eyeing them desperately as it fanned the air because it read their fears perfectly . 
 `` i know ! 
 i know ! '' 
 it squawked , bouncing around in the grass on its one good leg . 
 `` it 's not what you imagined , worse yes , but really , do n't be afraid ! 
 it 's not so bad ! '' 
 `` not so bad ! '' 
 connor shouted . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 he pointed across the overgrown clearing . 
 `` look at that ! 
 and you want us to go in there ?! 
 are you crazy ? '' 
 the crow threw its wings high above its head and squeezed its eyes shut . 
 then it stood there , balanced on one leg until the shouts died out amid the ridiculous pose . 
 when the bird addressed them again it was with a deadly seriousness . 
 `` this is no fairy tale , boys , '' it said . 
 `` this is no story you can put away till daylight to see how the scary part ends . 
 this is real . 
 this is the reason behind everything i told you . 
 and there is nothing to be done about it ... it is what it is . 
 if you will help us , you 'll have to go inside . 
 as i told you , the cat is back and it makes any pilfering around in there by the mouse or me extremely dangerous . 
 but not for you . 
 what chance would a cat have against the likes of you two ? '' 
 the crow finished off its appeal to their manliness and closed its beak . 
 there was nothing left to say . 
 the boys looked at one another , as opposed to walking off , and the crow took this as a step in the right direction . 
 its whole life was hanging on a hook before its very eyes . 
 if the boys turned away , its fate was sealed . 
 and as was becoming their habit , no words passed between the boys . 
 the glance only intensified , and when they finally turned their eyes back to the bird , the decision was still not clear . 
 `` okay , here 's the thing , '' connor said . 
 `` we 'll go in there and look around , even if we do n't know what we 're looking for . 
 but this is no joke : we have to be home before the streetlights come on . 
 that 's just straight-up fact . '' 
 the crow nodded its head vigorously . 
 `` yes , yes , yes ! '' 
 it said . 
 `` it should be no problem . 
 of course , you were aware of the time knot on the way over ? '' 
 a nod from both . 
 `` good , good . 
 just so you know , not much real time has passed since you left the tree house . 
 i 'll work up another one soon , but i did n't think you 'd want to ramble around inside the church with it so quiet and all . 
 i know it 's not the most welcoming place ... '' `` uh huh , '' ian replied , switching his gaze from the bird back to the brooding church . 
 `` i 'm just glad it 's daylight . 
 i would n't be caught dead here at night . '' 
 `` oh yes , and i 'll do my very best to keep it that way , '' the bird said . 
 ian leveled his eyes back on the bird . 
 `` so you really have no idea what we 're looking for . '' 
 `` sadly no . '' 
 `` well , '' ian said and whistled . 
 `` there 's no reason to waste any more time lollygaggin around here . '' 
 without another word the boys turned and struck out for the ruin . 
 `` be careful , boys , '' the bird whispered to their backs . 
 it was n't that hard crossing the overgrown clearing if you did n't mind the vines , but the ominous , black stone facade moldering away in this shadowed light was anything but welcoming . 
 the crumbling wreck seemed to rear up before their eyes , home now to god only knew what . 
 the remains of another tree rotted wetly in the thick blades of crabgrass that punched up through the ground , near the broken archway that held what was left of the doors . 
 when ian kicked at the porous , barkless hide , his foot simply broke straight into the spongy interior . 
 `` man , even the trees here are ghosts ... '' he whispered . 
 connor made no show that he 'd heard . 
 he simply stepped over the log and crept carefully up to the doorway . 
 there was only darkness within . 
 he turned to his friend . 
 `` you still got the flashlight ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' ian replied . 
 he pulled it out and stepped up to the doorway . 
 he clicked it on , shined it in through the broken archway . 
 the place was a shambles . 
 most of the roof had caved in and taken the pews with it . 
 broken , scattered pieces of lumber and furniture were everywhere , coated in dust , cobwebs , leaves and broken branches , bits of fragmented stained-glass , and a blanket of mildew that breathed out through the archway like the dead breath of a mummy . 
 but at least nothing was moving . 
 ian squeezed connor 's shoulder . 
 `` doan forget about that cat , '' he said . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 it 's right here ! '' 
 he said , touching his temple with a forefinger . 
 they pressed in through the doorway . 
 the tree from the outside was but a shade of itself in the collapsed room . 
 only in here could one truly see the effects of the sickness . 
 many huge , gnarled branches were completely bare of leaves , and some of the older ones had broken away entirely , adding to the clutter on the floor . 
 connor trained the light along several of the larger , healthier-looking limbs , working backward until finally finding the colossal trunk , now completely choking what had been the pulpit and what remained of the choir loft . 
 `` it 's so big ... '' ian mused into the swirling , mildewed air . 
 `` yeah , i 've never seen anything like it . '' 
 `` so ... '' `` yeah ? '' 
 `` you see anything looks important ? '' 
 `` how would i know ? '' 
 connor said . 
 he trained the powerful flashlight beam around in an arc , cutting a wide swath in the huge darkness around them . 
 rubble filled every niche , had blown into every corner . 
 to the left of the collapsed pulpit , underneath the only balcony that looked like it would survive the next storm , another darkness yawned out of the shadows . 
 they both knew what that must hold . 
 the beam remained frozen on the smaller , more lethal darkness . 
 `` guess we better check it out , '' ian said miserably . 
 connor nodded , all the while squinting hard into the darkness that waited for them . 
 the route to the back wall was no easy go . 
 a lichen-wormed branch had fallen , smashing several rows of pews to broken slats and sawdust , its many fingerling branches making a climb through them near impossible . 
 they moved closer , first sloughing through a foul puddle of bubbly water almost ankle deep near one end until another drift of broken planks afforded them a makeshift platform toward the far end near the wall . 
 it was then they saw the scattering of hair . 
 connor trained the beam as ian squatted down , breaking loose a rotted branch . 
 he poked it into the hairy mass and peeled it off the wet wood like old newspaper scraped from a garage floor . 
 he held it into the light . 
 cat hair . 
 `` so ... '' ian said , dropping the stick . 
 `` we should be pretty close . '' 
 a ruffling flutter on the wind gave both boys pause . 
 they turned simultaneously , looking up . 
 through the tattered ceiling of branches , leaves , and broken walls , they still had a pretty clear view outside into the half-gloom . 
 and if you put a little imagination into play , it really was not so hard to imagine where the window had once been , set firmly into the wall several yards above the last row of balcony seats . 
 through this opening they could see the crow , far out and above them in the uppermost reaches of a magnificent red oak . 
 how they 'd even heard it at all was an even bigger mystery . 
 connor was the first to speak . 
 `` watchin ' us through the window , '' he said . 
 before ian could reply a rush of reeking wind blew through . 
 clearly coming from the deeper darkness where the door waited . 
 they could just see it from here , they would have no trouble reaching it now . 
 and that is when they saw it . 
 a vague light began to build within the darkness . 
 a vague , green light . 
 it seemed to be coming on , getting brighter , pulsing slightly and taking on substance . 
 closing on them from the tunnels , its odd shape defined by the entrance through which it came . 
 it was obvious that at least a little of the door remained . 
 of course it was a rotted mess , but the metal frame still feebly managed to hold what was left of the wood together . 
 but it would pose no obstacle . 
 long , zig-zagging cracks yawned away from the steel support and through every seam . 
 the eldritch light settled just inside the doorway and thin drifts of green fog spilled out across the floor , soon covering the boys ' ankles and continuing on . 
 `` just like it said , '' connor recalled dryly . 
 ian said nothing . 
 he simply rummaged around in a nearby pile of broken lumber and pulled free a short length of wood in a rough shape of a chair leg . 
 he handed it across to his friend who took it without comment , staring past the broken door into the tunnels beyond . 
 it took no more than a minute to secure another weapon , this one much like the first . 
 and so armed , the boys moved forward . 
 into the tunnels where the light waited . 
 `` do ya hear it ? '' 
 connor whispered . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` water 's not dripping anymore . 
 no sound . 
 we 're inside another time knot . '' 
 he turned his eyes down . 
 `` look at the flashlight , '' he said . 
 ian looked . 
 the beam was fragmented to particles , as if a snowstorm of ice shavings had gathered in the mildewed air . 
 everything sparkling green , but no real substance . 
 the ice-like shavings simply vanished a short ways ahead as if they 'd never really existed in the first place . 
 `` well that sucks , '' ian said . 
 connor nodded grimly and flicked the switch to off but the pattern of light remained fixed in place , disengaged now from its maker . 
 `` what are we getting ' ourselves into ? '' 
 connor asked aloud for the first time , though he 'd asked this same question to himself a least a hundred other times . 
 ian stepped up to clear the rest of the way to the door . 
 it took exactly two swings . 
 chapter 24 : following the mist it was just as the crow had said , there was no mistaking the tunnels snaking away from the back wall . 
 ian cleared the dust from his eyes as connor edged forward , but went down hard on his butt , slipping in the thin layer of scum that coated the smooth tiles . 
 he was back on his feet in an instant , his pants even muddier and a good deal wetter than they 'd been after the buffalo wallow trail . 
 `` man , be careful , '' he said . 
 `` the floor 's a mess ! '' 
 he scraped away some of the muck and wiped it on the wall next to him . 
 it did n't hold on the slick , sweating surface and plopped soundlessly back to the floor . 
 ian stepped carefully through the doorway and stood next to his friend , holding the club vigilant at his side . 
 the mist had receded into the closest dank corridor . 
 `` i doan like this , '' he said , unable to hide the tremor in his voice . 
 `` yeah , me neither . 
 but we ca n't go back now . 
 it 's just like the crow said . 
 we really must be its last chance . '' 
 `` uh huh , '' ian said . 
 `` lucky us . '' 
 the corridor stretched back about ten feet and made an abrupt left . 
 the walls here were much moldier than inside the church , and it was suddenly chillier too . 
 everything was wet , but the worst was the silence of the time knot which made the place even more tiny and claustrophobic . 
 the green mist backed away and around the corner , leaving behind only a faint glow . 
 `` let 's go , '' connor said , starting forward with ian at his heels , glancing back into the darkness every few seconds to assure himself that no one or nothing was coming up from behind . 
 `` doan forget about that cat , '' ian said again . 
 `` that 's all i 'm thinking about . '' 
 the first little bit was n't so bad , even though the descending , crumbling stairway leading down into the stifling darkness was enough to curl your hair . 
 they found the half-lit corridor they next entered roughly the same size as the entrance from the church and in fairly good repair . 
 however , there was a good deal of mud and water on the floor , so you had to be extra careful moving along . 
 the real danger , it seemed , hung above their heads . 
 bricks littered the corridor everywhere , having fallen from the ceiling or rounded walls years or perhaps minutes before . 
 there were probably many more ready to let loose , and the boys hoped the stasis of the time knot would keep them from being knocked on the head . 
 the mist led them down a short succession of like caverns , all of them muddy and saturated with mold but none in serious disrepair . 
 they had even begun to feel an unwarranted streak of bravery when they happened upon another , more forbidding , corridor just a ways beyond . 
 both boys blinked at one another in dismay . 
 this tunnel 's ceiling had sagged and finally collapsed to half its original size . 
 `` okay , this is not good , '' ian croaked . 
 connor gulped and continued to stare . 
 if they were lucky they would n't have to crawl but they would have to walk doubled over . 
 and the mist was n't giving them much of a chance at consideration either . 
 it leaked easily away into the smaller tunnel , leaving the remaining darkness to clutch tightly around the boys . 
 they already knew the flashlight was useless , the time knot had canceled its influence . 
 but there was no turning back . 
 as before in the forest , there had been too many twists and turns to attempt it . 
 they were as trapped as the crow had been , now . 
 and the mist was n't waiting . 
 they ducked down and charged on , neither willing to let the eldritch glow get too far ahead . 
 the idea of being cut off and blind down here lost in time and darkness , below the earth , held a terror they had not truly faced before . 
 why , it could be years until someone found them , if ever . 
 they surged ahead . 
 it did n't take long for the tunnel to widen out again , but even so , their situation hardly improved . 
 the section even on the `` good '' side of the cave-in was by far some of the worst they 'd seen . 
 and again , it was getting colder . 
 connor rubbed his wet pant legs vigorously . 
 the glow continued along its way . 
 the walls were completely black now , the bricks swollen with nests of spongy mold and moss . 
 insects of all colors and curious long-legged spiders were frozen in masses , jello-strands of clear liquid streaming from ceiling to ground . 
 there were no tiles here at all . 
 the corridor was no more than a cave , sliding along underground to god only knew where . 
 they gripped their clubs tighter and continued . 
 switching back and forth between steadily worsening corridors , they followed the weird light . 
 there was no way to tell how far they 'd come , or even how long they 'd been down . 
 claustrophobia was worse too . 
 the corridors never got any bigger and each additional branch seemed intent upon squeezing tighter still . 
 the construction down this deep also became suspect . 
 soon there were no bricks at all above their head , only occasional cypress-beam supports that had weakened over the long haul of years , their lengths sway-backed from the weight pressing down from above . 
 and everywhere remained the intense penetrating silence of the time knot . 
 the mist remained well out in front , never speeding away so that the boys were racing ahead dangerously , but then again , not slowing down much either . 
 it seemed resolved to a purpose the boys would be forced to face , all other choices having long since fallen by the wayside . 
 only once during this journey did they actually come to a complete halt , staring wildly about as the mist continued on its unerring course . 
 this was when they broke from the confines of one filthy corridor , suddenly surrounded on all sides by a strangeness neither could put his finger on . 
 they pulled together instinctively and ducked their heads as if half-expecting a blow . 
 then they raised their eyes and their mouths dropped open . 
 a chamber loomed above them . 
 the glowing mist poured through this weird , sprawling place , even though the ceiling was lost high above their heads in a darkness not even the glow could penetrate . 
 and even though the walls peeled around in a vast circle , the room 's diameter was simply unbelievable . 
 no one had built this chamber . 
 that was clear . 
 the ragged walls were testament enough . 
 no , this had been naturally , or more likely , supernaturally , formed . 
 its sheer scope of height and width was unnerving even in the half-light of the eerie glow . 
 no longer was there the pressing doom of claustrophobia lurking close around their bodies , now there was just a sense of vastness all around them . 
 of exposure . 
 but further exploration was not to be had since already the mist ducked into another tunnel across the way and was gradually sucking its light from the chamber . 
 the boys had been standing still for too long . 
 the nightmare image of them lost in this subterranean darkness returned . 
 `` come on man ! 
 let 's go ! '' 
 ian shouted . 
 forgetting about the pot-holed floor , they raced toward the light , terrified of losing it now , and thankfully , finding it finally pausing like an impatient dog waiting for its master to catch up . 
 what they found when they got there was hardly welcoming . 
 inside this new branch the walls and ceiling had totally collapsed . 
 they would have to crawl . 
 and from the looks of it , a fair amount of digging might be in the bargain too . 
 a creeping fear made its way through them like a venomous spider searching out a nest of birds . 
 `` oh ... no , '' ian said . 
 they bent to their knees in the muck and slime that filmed the ground . 
 the bad spot looked to be no more than twenty feet or so , and the mist was waiting in what appeared to be a more substantial cavern just on the other side . 
 `` looks like it just caved in around here , '' ian observed . 
 `` if we can just make it through -- '' `` we 'll what ? '' 
 connor asked . 
 `` be in a bigger passage on the other side ? 
 so what . '' 
 `` we doan have a choice . '' 
 `` right . 
 so ... who 's first ? '' 
 `` you 're the oldest , '' ian replied , only managing a tight , strained grin in the darkness . 
 `` i knew you were gon na say that , '' connor said , backing out of the jagged mouth of the tunnel and standing up . 
 then , without another word , he wrenched the flashlight down , breaking the grip the beam of light had on it . 
 it was made out of steel , one of the big , heavy-duty types . 
 in a pinch it just might come in handy for digging . 
 or at least prying . 
 the cave-in looked big enough to squeeze through , but then again ... connor looked back at his friend . 
 `` you 're gon na be right behind me , right ? '' 
 `` right behind ya . '' 
 `` well , let 's get this over with . 
 you never can tell when that thing will get tired a waiting . '' 
 and he crawled through the tight crease in the wall . 
 the first ten or fifteen feet were n't so bad , but he saw right off they 'd misjudged the extent of this crumpled section . 
 soon , the boys were a good twenty feet into the passage and it did n't show any signs of widening . 
 they were squeezing through like sausage in a skin and both prayed it would n't get any smaller . 
 getting stuck here would be the end . 
 the bird could n't help them and neither could the weird mist . 
 the story of the rat came back in force , stuck there in the darkness until its skin fell away . 
 the thought brought connor to an abrupt stop and ian bumped into his feet from behind . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 connor called over his shoulder , trying to keep his adrenaline in check . 
 `` i 'm gon na try and scrape some a this dirt away from the side . 
 hold on a sec . '' 
 `` okay , '' came the muffled reply . 
 `` just hurry . '' 
 a half-beat of silence followed . 
 then , `` man , it 's dark back here ! '' 
 `` i 'm on it , '' connor said , scraping away at the closest side of the tunnel with the butt of the flashlight . 
 in fact , so engrossed in the job , he did n't recognize the sound for what it was at first . 
 but when he did , fear froze him up inside . 
 he almost dropped the flashlight . 
 the steady , grumbling purr was unmistakable . 
 he thought of the club he 'd left behind to cart the light . 
 he whispered frantically over his shoulder . 
 `` i think something 's in here ! '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 ian 's muffled voice was n't close enough to make anything any better . 
 `` i 'm thinking that cat ! '' 
 `` great ! 
 but i 'm telling you , we ca n't go back ! 
 it 's pitch black back here ! '' 
 `` yeah ... you said ... look , pass me the club . '' 
 several seconds later connor felt the weapon digging in under a rib . 
 he moved over so ian could finish pushing it through . 
 the strangled purring was now clearing coming from the end where the mist waited . 
 and adding to his fear , the strange , green light appeared to pulse more rhythmically now , almost as if demanding the boys speed up . 
 so with one hand gripping the club and the other scrabbling for purchase in the tight chamber , connor pushed ahead . 
 he managed to get the palm of his right hand cupped around the club for no better reason than it was the easiest place to grab it . 
 the passage was even tighter now and every inch was like pushing through a sewer pipe . 
 no more than five feet from the end and he did get stuck for several fright-filled minutes until ian was eventually able to push him free from behind . 
 connor was calling his thanks when the attack came . 
 luckily , ian did n't hear him and never quit pushing . 
 connor jerked his head back in the direction of the blood-curdling scream that had assailed him , his arm involuntarily flexing , thrusting the club forward like a projectile . 
 what greeted him as both he and the club popped out of the tight passage was nothing he 'd ever encountered before . 
 the cat had grown ragged and mad over the long course of centuries . 
 its wild , bloodshot eyes burned red flames into the tunnel and connor saw it had long ago given up its ancestry . 
 now it was no more than a ghoul , its mangy fur grown so old and thin it did little to hide the leathery skin stretched tight across bone , pocked and blown through with holes as if someone had long ago blasted the creature with a shotgun . 
 the eyes were testimony of disease , caked with a green gunk that leaked from their corners . 
 its teeth were blackened stubs , jutting from the crooked mouth . 
 and it was coming for him . 
 he flinched tight and the club went sailing right in front of his nose , his hand actually slapping him a lick across the chin right before the cat 's wail went high and wild . 
 and because his eyes were closed he had no idea what was going on . 
 oddly , he heard screams coming up from behind , and upon opening his eyes , noticed the green mist was still there . 
 the cat , however , was gone . 
 ian came railing through , crash-landing on his shoulder . 
 he groaned , rolled over , and faced the rough-hewn ceiling above . 
 and he began to shout . 
 `` where is it ! 
 what 's goin on ! '' 
 rolling back to his stomach and elbow-crawling out to where connor was . 
 his eyes frantically darted about the chamber . 
 `` the cat ! 
 it was the cat ! '' 
 connor managed . 
 `` i doan see it ! 
 where 'd it go ? 
 you think it 's gone ? '' 
 `` i doan know , maybe . '' 
 then a pause . 
 `` you notice something ... ? '' 
 ian raised up and squatted on one knee . 
 `` yeah , we 're not in the time knot anymore . '' 
 they looked at one another with unspoken dread . 
 `` but it 's still so quiet ... '' they both peered into the darkness . 
 `` yeah , '' connor said . 
 `` and getting darker . '' 
 immediately ian was up and helping his friend to his feet in the bigger tunnel . 
 `` okay , '' he said . 
 `` we got ta go ! 
 wherever that 's headed , '' he said pointing at the mist , `` has got ta be better than here ! '' 
 `` you got that right , '' connor said . 
 he saw the club lying by his left foot . 
 even in the dim light there was no mistaking the mat of dirty hair caught along one splintered side . 
 he snatched it up and banged in against the wall . 
 the hair remained entrenched . 
 but without another word they rushed into the receding shadows , chasing down what little remained of the mysterious , guiding glow . 
 chapter 25 : the bone cell with the time knot gone their panted breaths and pounding feet within the dripping corridors was actually worse than the silence . 
 the claustrophobia had been bad before , but nothing like this . 
 now they could hear the things trapped underground with them , all the scratching and slithering things just out of their range of sight . 
 the eerie , pulsing light made constant switchbacks , darting in and out of corridors not much bigger than the one they 'd just fought their way through . 
 and now they had time racing along beside them with all its added sounds and sensations . 
 then the mist stopped . 
 it was hard to say exactly how they knew , but it did , throbbing frantically within what appeared to be the oldest corridor yet . 
 and the boys could see the reason . 
 this end of the tunnel system had obviously been built for entirely different purposes than the ones before . 
 a single , narrow artery reached away to lose itself in the far reaches of the mist . 
 the walls on both sides were pocked with the rusted and rotted remains of countless heavy , dungeon-like doors . 
 the closest were sealed tight . 
 no windows , no doorknobs , just huge , heavy doors crammed tightly into the rock walls . 
 however , a single door , in the heart of the glow , yawned open on a complete darkness of which the mist held no sway . 
 the boys turned and looked at one another . 
 `` what d'ya wan na bet that 's where they kept the magician , '' ian whispered , moving forward . 
 connor followed , zombie-like . 
 they moved up to the door . 
 the light in the passage was still strong but the chamber itself seemed to choke off most of its power . 
 the cell was not much bigger than a walk-in closet . 
 the floor was dirt , the walls and ceiling granite . 
 rusted chains hung from the back wall , and along the side wall nearest the door were the remnants of metal brackets and all that remained of a bench . 
 ian stepped inside , his eyes darting about the space . 
 in the far right corner was a pile of old tools . 
 or , at least , what was left of them . 
 shovels and picks , mostly , although hardly a handle remained in the lot . 
 most were worm-eaten to drifts of dust . 
 the light from the corridor pulsed faster , almost as if trying to voice what it was incapable of speaking . 
 connor joined ian inside , pushed a loose stone into the space between door frame and floor . 
 you could never be too safe ... `` this is where it happened , '' ian said . 
 `` just like it was that night in the dream ... the men down here in the darkness . 
 they were digging here ! '' 
 he turned to face connor and his eyes danced with the knowledge they now held . 
 `` they killed the magician and buried him here , his daughter too . '' 
 he pointed to the corner . 
 `` there 's the picks and shovels they used , '' he added matter-of-factly . 
 he gripped his club tighter and walked across the dirt floor , trying not to disturb the phantoms that did n't seem so far out of reach . 
 the mist became like a strobe . 
 connor looked down at his own club with the cat hair buried in its side and nodded his head . 
 he could see it too . 
 he watched as ian poked among the old tools , watched also as his friend slid one end of his club into the empty socket of a crude shovel head . 
 he jammed it in tight , banged it once on the floor , and threw it down . 
 put out his hand for connor 's . 
 connor tossed it over and bent down to pick up the shovel while ian fashioned a pick . 
 because it was suddenly clear , the reason they were down here . 
 and without another word they began to dig , all the while enveloped in the wild , pulsing glow that burned in the corridor outside like a well-stocked bonfire . 
 no more than two feet down they hit the first root . 
 initially , they thought it was just more stones , but after clearing the dirt away the root was obvious . 
 an oak root , too . 
 they 'd seen enough of them . 
 they looked at one another in wonder . 
 `` you doan think ... '' ian began , his eyes begging the other to tell him different . 
 `` i think so . '' 
 `` but how ? 
 this deep down ? 
 with all this rock ? '' 
 `` i doan know . 
 how far have we come ? '' 
 connor asked . 
 `` we 've been twisting around the whole time . 
 maybe we 're not that far out ! '' 
 `` maybe , but that still does n't explain that chamber we came through on the way here . 
 man , we could n't even see the ceiling ! '' 
 ian scratched at his forehead , the dirty hand leaving a trail of shadow across his face , rendering him savage in the ghostly light . 
 connor just shrugged . 
 they went back to it and , in fact , made pretty good progress at first , despite the roots . 
 but there were more and more the deeper they went , even if they did become more web-like . 
 and still a little deeper down the webbing of roots seemed to have somehow displaced the very soil itself , leaving behind something very much like a shroud or fishing net . 
 only when the gleam of dirty yellowed bone showed pale withing the net did both boys immediately pull back . 
 at that moment the glance took full possession of both , their eyes glazing as the vision raced through their heads . 
 the as-of-yet hidden details of the crow 's story were suddenly clear : the magician taking the clutch of acorns from the crow and swallowing them one by one , then a vast turn of years as the tree grew larger and deeper , searching out the essence of the man , its master , and finally , the touch in the underground darkness of root to bone , and last , the agony of the tree 's find . 
 they were indeed bound together , this magician and the oak . 
 after all these long years they had finally joined . 
 to share the same fate , it seemed . 
 and somehow it was up to the two , sweating , dirty boys knee-deep in the hole to put things to rights . 
 it did n't make sense , but there was nothing left to do except dig in and finish the work they now knew had gone so long undone . 
 no doubt more than one person was down there , even though both were now no more than a jumble of loose bones bound up in the strange root-netting . 
 the outside lining which sealed the grave pulled away relatively easy , but as they dug deeper it became harder and harder to separate the tough fibers from the bones . 
 they to on a fury of manic energy , clearing out the space around the clutch of bones , shoveling frantically at the rock and dirt , tearing through tangles of lesser roots as they went . 
 when they were finally able to extract the bundle -lrb- it was in fact too much like a cocoon to be denied -rrb- they laid it just inside the doorway and collapsed against the walls , breathing heavily as they reclaimed their senses . 
 the mist 's ghostly pulse slowed now , drawing back the glow to a constant , but much lighter , bruise upon the walls . 
 `` so this is it ? '' 
 ian said looking at the bundle of bones . 
 `` this is what the crow sent us down here for ? 
 to rescue this bag a bones ? '' 
 connor was opening his mouth to reply at the very instant the glow winked out entirely , leaving them in total , utter darkness . 
 chapter 26 : finishing the job there is a funny thing about absolute darkness . 
 it is complete . 
 it is not nearly the same as being shut up inside a closet or other small room with the lights out , trembling among shadowed furniture or hanging clothes . 
 no , it is different . 
 it is suffocating . 
 the closest either had come before was when they 'd both gone on a vacation to arkansas several years before with connor 's parents . 
 on the way a sign had proclaimed them within five miles of carlsbad caverns . 
 that had been enough . 
 the sole entrance to the wild , snaking nest of tunnels happened to lie in a rift between two huge rocks set at the very foot of a two-mile bend in the smokey mountains . 
 the shaft dropped seventy feet straight down , accessible only by way of a long spiral staircase . 
 once at the bottom , the tour guide had pointed out a running stream which slipped through a crack in the wall . 
 he said the fish had been tested and all were blind . 
 the darkness here would do that to you , to anything , or anyone , left down here , given time . 
 then he 'd turned out the lights . 
 it was still easy to recall the collective gasp that had gone up among the group . 
 there were no shapes or shadows , not even one 's own hand pressed flat to the bridge of the nose . 
 there was simply nothing except the pressure of the touch . 
 that was the moment terror had begun to build , threatening to break out of their chests and bound loose among the rock walls . 
 then the guide had snapped the switch back to life , engulfing them once again in welcoming light . 
 the next several minutes had been spent in laughter and good-natured ribbing of the other 's cowardice in the dark . 
 but they 'd sure been glad the lights were on . 
 now , here they were again , with that old monster , only this time it was far past the moment when the terror froze to stone in the back of their throats . 
 they were fast edging into the territory of true panic . 
 and here there was no guide to casually snap the lights back on . 
 `` connor ... ? '' 
 `` i 'm here , '' came the voice , disembodied in the darkness . 
 `` what are we gon na do ? '' 
 `` i doan know . 
 let me think ... '' `` well , you better think fast , '' the words so soon swallowed alive by the monstrous dark . 
 seconds ticked off to minutes , minutes raced away to -- and they found the glance worked better now , seemed to reach its fulfillment . 
 it was as if each were peering directly into the other 's mind , as if , in fact , they were merely peering into their own inner thoughts . 
 this revelation , and the idea , flashed into being at the same exact instant . 
 `` connor ? '' 
 ian said , leading his friend . 
 `` yeah , i know . '' 
 the sound of fumbling around in the darkness reached ian 's silky black corner . 
 a second later a loud metallic click ran a smooth beam of light strongly against the granite ceiling . 
 the other end of the flashlight gravely shone encompassed in connor 's hand . 
 and even in the shadows , the smile that crept to the corners of the boys ' cheeks was like the first welcome thing that had ever shone its face to the light of day . 
 `` oohhh yeah !!! '' 
 ian shouted , clapping his hands and doing an intricate jig in the gloom . 
 it did n't take long for their new reality to set in . 
 `` good thing we 're not in the time knot anymore , '' connor said in a somewhat more somber tone . 
 `` let 's not get too excited . 
 we still do n't know how to get out of here . '' 
 this spoken fact brought them both to silence . 
 they glanced down at the root-net of bones . 
 `` well , there 's got to be a way , '' ian said , pointing down . 
 `` otherwise what 's the point of us getting that ? '' 
 connor ran the beam of light upon the pick and shovel , then crossed over so that it fell upon the bones . 
 something began to come together in their minds , almost as if a bridge were slowly being crossed . 
 and though they could not see the other side , they could almost feel it . 
 `` ohhhhhhhh ! '' 
 both muttered in unison . 
 the revelation , although momentarily mind-numbing , made their escape suddenly clear . 
 connor brought the light up to ian 's face . 
 `` there is a way , doan you feel it ? '' 
 `` i do . '' 
 without another word ian gathered up the shovel and pick from the floor as connor moved toward the bones . 
 `` how long you figure it took us ta get down here ? '' 
 he threw back over his shoulder . 
 `` doan know . 
 couldn ' a been more 'n an hour or two . '' 
 the rusty tools clanked together in the darkness . 
 `` what you figure ? '' 
 `` bout the same . 
 still a long way to drag this thing , '' because suddenly that much had come undeniably clear . 
 they had to take the bones with them . 
 and the tight spot ? 
 they 'd dig through , by god . 
 `` right , '' ian said aloud . 
 `` and then we walk right outta here . '' 
 he bent down . 
 `` grab that end and i 'll get this one . '' 
 they needed to get moving . 
 the time knot was gone and that meant time was running as always . 
 the woods would be no easy go in the darkness . 
 and of course the cat was still down here with them ... somewhere ... waiting . 
 connor heaved up his end of the burden . 
 and so for the next long while they plodded through the tunnels -lrb- the ` tight spot ' handled quickly with the shovel and pick ; they 'd simply pushed the bundle through with one pulling while the other pushed from behind -rrb- , almost supernaturally aware of each and every turn , sometimes before the approaching passage was even visible in the gloom . 
 the glance set deeply within their minds and after the first little bit it actually felt like they could have turned off the flashlight and still found their way out . 
 they felt more than saw the monstrous chamber from what must have been fifty crooked yards and two corridors away . 
 by that time the bundle of bones had become as light as an infant . 
 no word was passed , but the complete telepathic link they 'd somehow achieved down here in the dark filled their heads with much more than words could provide . 
 they knew each step before they made it . 
 the stifling dark was now no more than a mild nuisance to be calmly endured . 
 by the time they reached the familiarity of the tiled floors they were not even breathing hard . 
 the fear they 'd felt that day in the cave was now an alien thing they could hardly understand at all . 
 then they rounded the last corner and connor switched off the flashlight . 
 their mutual sigh of relief was very loud in the quiet corridor . 
 they could make out rails of sunlight through the open cavern door . 
 it was still daylight ! 
 they hauled the bundle the remaining short distance to the doorway , and set it just inside the church entrance . 
 then they paused for a moment just inside to let their eyes adjust to the new light , though it was hardly needed . 
 light , dark , nothing seemed to matter that much now , not with this new sense . 
 talking was also mostly a waste of time . 
 they both knew what needed to be done . 
 ian placed a hand on connor 's shoulder when they stepped into the church proper . 
 `` look at that , '' he said quietly . 
 on the floor , already blown into a pile of rubbish close by was a tuft of familiar and old , matted hair . 
 right next to it lay three black feathers . 
 there was nothing more to indicate a struggle . 
 the boys looked at one another fearfully , then turned their gazes to all the lost corners of the creepy church , searching out anything slinking up unawares . 
 they found nothing . 
 `` so let 's finish this , '' ian said , grabbing hold of the root-net of bones . 
 it took a lot of muscle and sweat because the ground was very knotty and full of foundation castoffs , roots , and rocks . 
 several times the crude shovel slipped from its groove , and the pick was more dangerous from the start , but as the sunlight diffused away toward night , the ragged hole in the old cemetery grew slowly big enough to accept its load . 
 they gently lowered the root-net into the fresh hole in the previous cemetery of one . 
 now it would hold two more . 
 surely this hallowed ground had been the object of the magician 's and little girl 's spirits longing in the years since their deaths . 
 hopefully this escape from the bone cell would set them to rest , hopefully it would also be enough somehow to save the tree . 
 the boys covered over the bizarre package with the same studied , respectful silence with which they 'd dug the hole . 
 then they stood at the side of the slightly-raised mound . 
 `` i guess that 's it , '' ian said . 
 `` yeah . 
 it 's all we can do . '' 
 `` uh huh . 
 but i do wish the crow was here ... '' they both glanced into the shadowy canopy above . 
 `` well , let 's get out of here , '' connor said . 
 they trailed through the forest with the same uncanny purpose with which they 'd escaped the catacombs . 
 only as they crossed the highway did the sun finally dip behind the tree line and the shadows really began to stretch themselves out . 
 they separated at the hedge in the thompson 's yard -lrb- as filthy as pigs and scraped and scratched as roosters after a barnyard fight -rrb- , both in a mad dash to beat the streetlights home . 
 chapter 27 : from there to here the rest of that summer passed away to fall . 
 school started and slowly but surely the holidays came and ushered out the old year . 
 there was an agonizing stretch between mardi gras and easter break and then -lrb- like a bird returning to the nest it made the previous year -rrb- summer was upon them again . 
 both a year older . 
 a year wiser , perhaps . 
 they 'd not seen the crow , had not been back to the church , had seldom even spoken of either . 
 in fact , they very rarely spoke of anything anymore , at least when they were alone . 
 there was really no need . 
 the glance was still with them , stronger than ever . 
 they held long conversations without uttering a word . 
 thoughts , ideas , secrets passed between them unchanged . 
 they found they had to be careful around other people . 
 even their parents . 
 what others had merely been faintly aware of before was hard to miss now , and they did their level best to hide it from the world . 
 it was a gift to be neither discussed nor examined , a reward of sorts for pulling off what they had done . 
 whatever that had been . 
 because ever since their discovery of the bone cell they had no knowledge of the crow . 
 there had been no further visions , no requests . 
 their dreams had been empty of its presence . 
 however , they still ventured out to the remains of the tree house every now and again . 
 such as today . 
 ian stood on the bank , plunking stones into the mirrored surface of the lake , savoring the rippled patterns that rolled away in those great circles . 
 he turned around . 
 connor came creeping up around the dusty , beaten clearing near the copse of trees , a smile covering his face . 
 `` thought i 'd get away with it this time , '' he said and laughed . 
 ian smiled back . 
 `` close , '' he admitted . 
 `` very close . '' 
 silently ian turned back to the game of thrown stones and connor joined him . 
 they both spun around simultaneously a second later . 
 the crow sat at the top of the pine . 
 its head was completely white now , but other than that it looked just fine . 
 its spread its wings and the boys saw the gap in the right wing , a gap that would have very neatly held three , long flight feathers . 
 there was also a strange , discolored hump on its back . 
 `` you 're alive ! '' 
 both boys cried simultaneously . 
 the bird cackled and glided down from the pine to land in a cloud of dust at their feet . 
 its yellow eyes were sparkling brightly . 
 `` indeed i am ! 
 thanks to both of you ! '' 
 it replied . 
 it hopped on its good claw a few bounds closer . 
 `` you 've changed . 
 i can see the makings of men in the both of you now ! '' 
 `` where have you been ? '' 
 ian asked , barely able to conceal his own excitement . 
 they 'd both believed the bird dead . 
 and then because he could no longer contain himself . 
 `` what has happened since then ? '' 
 the bird squawked and fanned the air with its wings . 
 `` it 's been a year and seven days exactly ! 
 you were brilliant , simply brilliant ! '' 
 as it exclaimed the lump on its back began to take on shape . 
 `` but before all that , '' the bird said , `` i must introduce a friend of mine , '' and what turned out to be a tiny head lifted away from the black feathers . 
 the mouse looked at them with unblinking eyes . 
 `` the tree lives , boys ! '' 
 the crow cawed triumphantly . 
 `` the barren limbs have sprouted again ! 
 the air inside the church is once more alive ! 
 animals have returned to the clearing ! 
 oh it was a wonderful job , my boys ! '' 
 and the crow danced a clumsy circle in the dust , the mirth in its eyes echoed in the mouse 's too as she hung on tightly . 
 ian cut the merriment short with an abrupt question . 
 `` it 's time you told us the truth , '' he said . 
 `` who are you ? 
 the both of you ? 
 who are you really ? 
 the crow stopped its dance . 
 its yellow eyes gleamed . 
 `` the gift has been substantial , i see . 
 this glance of yours has become almost visible . 
 it hangs about you like a ghost . '' 
 it stopped speaking and looked at the ground . 
 `` of course you already suspect much of it ... '' it admitted . 
 `` the magician , '' connor deadpanned . 
 `` the magician and his little girl . 
 what 's left of them is in you ... somehow . '' 
 ian reached over and touched his friend 's shoulder . 
 the crow looked into their eyes and this time its humanity was undeniable . 
 it said humbly , `` i hope you will use this thing wisely . '' 
 `` tell us , '' ian implored . 
 `` we did what you asked . 
 we 've waited long enough . '' 
 `` indeed . 
 i do owe you this explanation . 
 but the truth is , i do n't truly know myself . '' 
 `` what did the magician do to you ? '' 
 connor whispered . 
 `` like you guessed . 
 he saved a fragment of his daughter and himself in the mouse and me . 
 sometimes i seem to have a wisp of him in the deepest parts of my mind , but it appears he is still very wily . 
 and mysterious . 
 but what 's left of him is well and even more nimble now that you two have saved the tree . 
 the mouse says the same about the girl , and , as you can see , we are still very much alive . 
 in fact i ca n't say that i 've ever felt better . '' 
 `` but your wing , you 're all white ... '' ian began . 
 `` nothing but old age and a fight , '' the bird cut in . 
 `` it was the cat , was n't it ? '' 
 connor said . 
 `` when we lost the green mist in the tunnels ... you were fighting the cat . '' 
 the crow tipped its beak . 
 `` yes , '' it said . 
 `` i could n't be sure what the creature was up to , and i could feel you two on the verge of success . 
 i brought it to that loathsome creature with everything i had . '' 
 the crow visibly shook at the memory . 
 `` and thankfully i have not seen him again , but i do n't believe it 's gone for good . 
 the thing bides its time , for what i do not know . '' 
 ian snapped his fingers , recalling the vision they 'd experienced in the bone cell . 
 `` the clutch of seeds ! 
 the one the magician asked you to bring him ! 
 somehow the roots searched out the bones ! 
 and when the tree learned the truth it began to die ! '' 
 `` that 's how i see it too , '' the bird agreed . 
 `` but the church is once more ours . 
 the tree is alive and healthy . 
 the spirits are now at peace , and the mouse and i have just to wait for whatever purpose these many years have led us to . '' 
 it paused and looked with love upon the two boys standing before it . 
 `` but first we have to thank you , the mouse and i , and the spirit of the little girl and the magician . 
 we stand at your mercy because everything would be over had not you saved the day . '' 
 and with that the crow bowed deeply . 
 connor could not let the opportunity pass . 
 `` what about the treasure ? 
 is it still out there ? '' 
 the crow cocked one yellow eye their way . 
 `` i have no clue , but sometimes the magician seems to think so . '' 
 `` and what about the time you went back inside the church after the hurricane ? 
 what about -- ? '' 
 but the crow cut him short with a loud caw and a wink . 
 `` you two never forget anything , do you ? '' 
 they admitted nothing . 
 `` ummm huh , well that , by boys , is a tale for another day . 
 perhaps when you 're a bit older because lives get long and complicated , and this fact alone places the same burden on such stories . 
 and if you could n't already tell , '' the crow finished , `` it 's a long way from there to here . '' 
 the end ### thank you for reading my book . 
 if you enjoyed it , wo n't you please take a moment to leave me a review at your favorite retailer ? 
 discover other titles at http://www.richardfutch.com thanks ! 
 richard futch 
