 right here waiting for you by jessica madden smashwords edition copyright 2014 jessica madden this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 this book is dedicated to josh hutcherson , the most amazing and incredible actor who i ca n't thank enough for inspiring me with my writing . 
 without you , i would n't be writing at all . 
 chapter 1 ~ nicole ~ it feels as the drive along the coastline was endless as we head towards canary bay . 
 i gaze out of the window of my father 's car , enjoying the feeling of the wind in my face . 
 i wished we were there already , but it was at least another fifteen minutes until we reached our destination . 
 every year dad and i travel to the bay just after new year 's , where we spend the rest of january at the beach house he own . 
 the house is right by the beach , which is one of my favourite things about it . 
 i can visit the beach every day i 'm here . 
 another reason i love coming here is that dad and i get some alone time , just the two of us . 
 my mother died during childbirth . 
 we rarely talk about my mother , even though i would like to . 
 i often wonder what she was like , but my father does n't like to talk about her . 
 i have often caught him close to tears , or crying and doing his best to hide it from me . 
 hearing her name can cause him the pain i often see in those eyes , but since it is my middle name , we can not escape it . 
 i do n't use it or say it often . 
 the last time we talked about my mother was the day i turned thirteen . 
 he gave me her anklet , with a heart charm engraved with the words ` 4ever ' . 
 i have never taken it off since that day . 
 handing me the anklet in a small box , my dad told me a few things about my mum , some made me cry , others made me laugh . 
 i felt closer to her when he told me about her dreams , and how she wanted to travel the world . 
 she loved learning new languages , and was able to speak three . 
 i saw the pain in his eyes as he told me these things about the woman who had given me life . 
 i wished i had the chance to have met her and gotten to know her . 
 dad said she was a kind happy person who everyone admired , and he even says i remind him of her . 
 i inherited her blonde hair , blue eyes , and her personality . 
 i am taken from my thoughts as the car comes to a stop and i realise we are there . 
 the excitement i feel i 'm sure can be seen on my face . 
 i jump out of the car onto the gravel driveway , not waiting to collect my bags . 
 i stand and face the sea , allowing the warm breeze to blow over me . 
 i can taste the salt in the air , and that is something about this place that i love . 
 i should offer to help dad , but i 'm transfixed by the ocean . 
 i close my eyes , picturing myself lying on the beach for the summer . 
 i hear my father open the boot of his ford territory , and removed the luggage i 'm supposed to be helping him with . 
 i spin around when he calls my name . 
 `` how do you feel about unpacking and then i 'll fix us lunch ? '' 
 i smile , and nod . 
 `` sounds great , dad . '' 
 dad returns my smile . 
 i grab my suitcase and head towards the stairs of the veranda . 
 i place one foot on the bottom step when i hear a second car pulling into the driveway . 
 i stop in mid step , too afraid to turn around , but have to , to know who has joined us . 
 i have a feeling i know , and my heart sinks as i realise i am right . 
 the black bmw pulls up behind my dad 's car . 
 the doors swing open and i watch jayden climb out of his parents ' car . 
 i want to scream and tell them to leave , that this vacation is about us , not time to spend with my so-called boyfriend . 
 i was looking forward to this vacation being just dad and me . 
 i remain rooted to the spot as they greet one another . 
 i wish my father had warned me . 
 i could have had time to prepare , but what i did not get was why the masons were here at all . 
 i was sure they had plans for the summer . 
 i was so happy when we graduated from high school . 
 it meant i did n't have to see jayden every day . 
 i tried my best to avoid him , but as our families did so many activities together , it was hard . 
 i was glad when our families had different plans over the christmas break . 
 i got to enjoy the holiday without having to worry about seeing him since he spent christmas with his family in the mountains . 
 i looked forward to the remainder of the holidays without them , but they were here now . 
 i guess their plans changed . 
 jayden and i had been close friends since kindergarten . 
 mrs mason has always thought we made a cute couple . 
 she even joked about us being married . 
 we laughed it off , after all we were only twelve and marriage was definitely not on our minds . 
 we were only friends . 
 but around the age of fourteen , our feelings changed . 
 we never wanted to date before ; worried it would ruin our friendship . 
 it happened one autumn afternoon when we were playing in a pile of leaves in the park . 
 he made the first move and kissed me . 
 mrs mason was right . 
 we were meant to be . 
 but then things changed when he met his friend matt . 
 i disliked him from day one , never liked it when jayden wanted to hang out with him more and more with his new group of friends . 
 it was n't because i was jealous he was hanging out with me less . 
 it was who he was hanging with . 
 things began to go downhill after a month when jayden changed . 
 he was no longer the romantic and sweet guy i had fallen in love with . 
 he became angry and spiteful . 
 i soon discovered the drugs he was taking with his so-called friends . 
 that was the day when he hit me for the first time , after i nagged him to stop taking them . 
 i told myself it was a one off , and it was the drugs and friends egging him on . 
 as time passed , so did the lies i told to cover up the reasons behind my bruises . 
 i could n't tell my dad the truth . 
 i could n't bear to see the hurt in his eyes if i told him what my own boyfriend did to me . 
 besides , jayden told me i would suffer more if i did and i believed him . 
 i had wanted to tell the masons about their son , and the way he treated me . 
 but i was too scared to tell them or anyone , especially dad . 
 he continues to threaten me over and over again if i ever told . 
 the things he had said he would do had me terrified to tell anyone , even the police . 
 even when i really want to say something , he said no one will ever believe me . 
 i knew he did n't love me anymore . 
 i did n't either . 
 we were a couple for one reason only : his mother . 
 he wanted to keep her happy , and that meant i was to do as i was told and keep up the pretence that we were a couple . 
 i stand there on the steps , mouth open as i watch him grinning from ear to ear . 
 he knows he has me rattled and i can tell he is loving it by the grin on his face . 
 dad greets the masons while i continue to ponder why they are here . 
 my body stiffens as i realise he is coming towards me , eyes wide , mouth twitching . 
 i place a fake smile on my lips , knowing they are watching as he pulls me into his embrace and kisses me roughly on the lips . 
 releasing me , he looks pleased with himself . 
 `` hey , babe , miss me ? 
 i 've missed you ! '' 
 lies . 
 i knew they were lies . 
 `` do n't call me babe , '' i whisper , instantly regretting it , and wishing i had bitten my tongue . 
 i did hate that pet name and he knew it . 
 `` thanks for allowing us to join you , nicole , reilly , '' i hear mr mason say to dad and me . 
 `` do n't worry about it , marco , '' dad replies . 
 `` it 's a pleasure to have you guys here . 
 i do n't know why we 've never gone on vacation together before . '' 
 because this vacation is supposed to be just you and me , i wanted to say , scream it out if i had to . 
 i do n't want jayden or his family to be with us . 
 it 's the only time i get to escape from him . 
 i feel the need to scream at the top of my lungs , but i do n't . 
 our vacation was completely ruined and we have n't even started it yet . 
 i was hoping to have a good time , to celebrate that school was finally over and hope summer would never end . 
 but now i wanted it to end , just so i did n't have to spend my vacation with jayden and his family . 
 `` if you guys like , you can have my room while i sleep on the fold out couch , '' dad continues . 
 `` there 's no need for you to do that , reilly , '' mr mason says . 
 `` you can keep your room . 
 lillian and i can sleep on the couch . 
 it 's no problem at all . '' 
 dad turns to jayden . 
 `` jayden , your parents and i decided that it will be okay with us if you stay in nicole 's room . 
 we trust you . 
 i know you 're both eighteen , but while we are in this house under my roof , there will be no funny business . 
 jayden you will sleep on the floor , okay ? '' 
 `` okay , mr fletcher . '' 
 jayden turns to me , winks and gave me a smile i knew i could n't trust . 
 he was up to something . 
 it was written all over his face . 
 how could my own dad trust him staying in the same room as me ? 
 the masons walked inside . 
 leaving my stuff on the stairs , i walk over to dad and ask him why they were here . 
 `` they thought it would be nice if we could all spend the summer together . '' 
 dad closed the boot . 
 `` what 's the matter , nicole ? 
 i thought you would be thrilled to have jayden stay with us . '' 
 `` i am . '' 
 i put on a fake smile . 
 `` i just wish you 'd told me first . 
 you know how much i enjoy it being just you and me here . '' 
 dad smiles and pulls me into a hug and kisses my forehead . 
 `` hey , you and i can still do something fun together . 
 just because the masons are here , it does n't mean we have to put our plans on hold . '' 
 i nod , answering okay and forcing myself to smile . 
 truthfully , i did n't want to agree with dad . 
 when i was around jayden , nothing was fun . 
 and when nothing was fun , then whatever i did with dad was n't fun either , because all i could think about was what jayden did to me . 
 i turn back towards the house , grabbing my suitcase and head inside . 
 mr and mrs mason are in the lounge , putting their stuff on the floor , acting like as if this was their own holiday home . 
 i went to my room and found jayden lying on my bed , smoking a cigarette . 
 he had his suitcase open and already scattered some of his clothes all over the floor . 
 jayden could be such an untidy person . 
 his room was always such a mess , and it seemed he was planning on messing up my room up too . 
 he did n't seem to care that the room belonged to me . 
 `` i hope you do n't plan on smoking in here the whole of summer , '' i told him , putting my luggage on the floor beside the bed . 
 jayden takes a puff of his cigarette and exhaled the smoke . 
 `` do you have a problem with me smoking ? '' 
 i was going to say yes , but i was afraid to say it , so i just said , `` no . '' 
 `` good . 
 if you do have a problem , then you can just leave . '' 
 `` why do i have to leave ? 
 it 's my room . '' 
 `` not any more it is n't . 
 it 's our room . '' 
 `` yeah , but still , it 's my room . '' 
 jayden sits up and puts the cigarette butt out , dabbing it out on the side of my bedside table . 
 the smile on his face told me he could n't care less about destroying a piece of my furniture . 
 he got up , walks over to me and grabs my right hand , placing the butt in my palm . 
 i look up at him . 
 `` even if this is your room , i will treat it anyway i want , '' he replies . 
 jayden walks out of the room . 
 once he is gone , i unpack my things . 
 `` i still ca n't believe i have to share my room with that jerk , '' i say to myself . 
 once i had finished unpacking , dad put together lunch for everyone , preparing some sandwiches . 
 we sat down at the dining table to eat . 
 jayden sat beside me while his parents sat across from us , and dad sat on my right . 
 `` so , what are you two planning to do this afternoon ? '' 
 mrs mason asks jayden and me . 
 `` i 'm thinking we should take a walk along the beach , '' jayden says to her . 
 he takes a sip of his drink and set it down on the table . 
 i stare ahead , not wanting to look in his direction , when i feel his hand on my knee , and then runs it up my thigh . 
 i tense as he continues his torture . 
 i do not move , but as his hands runs higher , i push his hand away , knowing i will pay later for it . 
 his face said i would . 
 he flared his nostrils and clenched his fist on his own lap . 
 i flinch , half expecting him to hurt me here , but he does n't . 
 `` well , that would be nice , '' mrs mason replies , smiling at her son . 
 i ate lunch quickly , wanting to get away from the table . 
 i want to be as far away from jayden , but i knew it was n't going to happen . 
 as soon as i finish eating , jayden finishes too . 
 we head out to the beach like he told his mother we were going to do , although i knew jayden had other plans in mind besides the beach . 
 the beach is packed with people swimming , surfing and sunbaking on the sand . 
 from our house , jayden and i walk to the right side of the beach where the pier is , walking in utter silence . 
 as we get closer , i could see a line outside the kiosk and a few people on the pier , either fishing or checking out the view . 
 i like to come down here when i want to be alone . 
 jayden and i walk under the pier . 
 i take off my thongs and dip my feet in the cool ocean . 
 i want to strip off and go for a swim , but there was no way i was going to be in a bikini with jayden around . 
 i had an idea what would go through his head if he saw me in a two-piece bathing suit , but i was not about to give him that satisfaction . 
 i hear the click of a lighter and turn to see jayden lighting up another cigarette . 
 i wonder what enjoyment he gets puffing on each cigarette . 
 does n't he know the damage it causes to the body ? 
 not that i really care what he does . 
 `` you know you should n't smoke on the beach , '' i tell him . 
 `` it 's forbidden . 
 where are you going to put the butt ? 
 you ca n't put it on the sand or the ocean . '' 
 jayden inhales the cigarette and then walks over to me , exhaling the smoke in my face . 
 i cough . 
 how can anyone even put a cigarette to their mouth ? 
 `` are you going to tell me that i ca n't smoke all vacation ? '' 
 he asks me . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` good . 
 i will smoke where i want , whenever i want . 
 i do n't want to hear you say what i can and ca n't do all vacation . 
 you are n't my damn mother , so stop acting like you are . '' 
 i just stare at him , afraid to say another word . 
 he will probably do something to punish me after what i did at the table at lunch now that we were alone . 
 jayden inhales and then exhales the smoke in my face . 
 he holds the cigarette in front of me . 
 i hold my breath so i do n't breathe in the smell of the smoke . 
 `` you want to try it ? '' 
 he asks , pushing the cigarette to my lips . 
 i struggle , and push it away . 
 `` come on , we could smoke together and then i wo n't have to hear you complain all the time . '' 
 i shake my head . 
 i do n't want to put it anywhere near my mouth . 
 i do n't even want to know what dad would say if he found out i started smoking . 
 `` take it , bitch , '' he says , attempting to make me try again . 
 `` or are you worried about what daddy will say ? '' 
 he chuckles . 
 i ignore his comment about my dad . 
 i inhale , afraid of what he might do to me if i did n't take the puff . 
 i exhaled the smoke , coughing instantly . 
 i feel sick , turning away from jayden , and throw up in the sand . 
 instead of being the perfect boyfriend and coming to see if i 'm alright , he does exactly what i should expect from him . 
 he laughs . 
 after vomiting , my mouth tastes horrible . 
 i badly need a drink of water . 
 if only the ocean was n't full of salt , i could drink some just to get the taste out of my mouth . 
 before i stand , i cover the vomit up with the sand . 
 i stand , and watch jayden flick his butt on the sand and bury it with his foot . 
 i wonder if he knew what he was doing to the environment by littering . 
 he looks my way , a half smile on his face as he stuffs his hand in the pocket of his jeans and pulls out a small blue velvet box . 
 i do n't want to think about what is inside it . 
 i swallow and take a step back as he opens it , revealing a silver ring with a white stone in the centre . 
 i look from the ring to him . 
 was he serious about proposing to me ? 
 we were not really a couple . 
 why was he even considering asking me ? 
 before i could ponder on the reasons why , he stood before me and snatches my hand , asking me that very question . 
 `` marry me ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i shake my head . 
 why would i want to marry him after the way he treats me ? 
 besides , this was not the way i imagined to be proposed to , and it should be by the man i love and loves me . 
 neither of us wanted marriage so why was he asking ? 
 plus i am far too young . 
 i have plans . 
 i want to travel the world , go to college to study teaching , to do what i want . 
 i know i could be a great teacher . 
 i studied german at school and love the language . 
 maybe i could teach that , or travel and tourism . 
 i have plans , so many plans , and marriage was not one of them . 
 `` marry me , nicole . '' 
 `` no , i do n't want to , jayden . 
 i 'm not ready for marriage . '' 
 jayden stares at me with his brown eyes . 
 his face changes , the sparkle in his eyes is gone . 
 i should n't have said no , but i did . 
 i do n't want him . 
 my heart jumps when he suddenly moves towards me , catching me unaware . 
 my mind had wandered to what married life to him would be like , and that was somewhere i never wanted to go . 
 i thought it was going to slap me or something , but instead he grabs hold of my left wrist , so tightly i know it will bruise , another one i have to lie about to my dad . 
 i thought he was going to break it . 
 i want to cry out in pain , but that would make things worse . 
 i bite my lip , doing my best to hold back the tears which threaten to fall . 
 the pain is almost unbearable , but i do not make a sound . 
 it would be worse for me if i did . 
 he likes to hurt me , but if i make a sound , he punishes me more . 
 i swallow , and nod , agreeing to marry this boy , not a man in my eyes , not a boyfriend . 
 i dare not to reject him again . 
 i should have said yes the moment he asked me . 
 i was a fool , should have known better . 
 `` marry me , nicole , '' he repeats . 
 i swallow hard , afraid of what he was going to do next if i rejected him again . 
 i nodded yes . 
 jayden slips the ring on my finger and smiles . 
 he looks smug . 
 i tense at the slightest touch of his skin on mine . 
 i stare down at it . 
 it is beautiful , but i do n't feel right wearing it . 
 `` why are you so desperate to get married ? '' 
 i ask him . 
 `` you do n't even care about me . '' 
 `` that 's right . 
 i do n't love you . 
 it 's my mother who keeps pestering me about marrying you . 
 she says ` we 're a lovely couple ' , so to stop her from nagging , i told her i would propose to you . 
 that 's the only reason why my parents asked your dad if we could come down here . 
 mum is organising the wedding for us already . 
 anyway , i 'm going to go . '' 
 i watch as jayden walks away , heading towards the kiosk . 
 watching him leave , i allow the tears i held back , flow down my cheeks , i can not control them . 
 they flow one after the other . 
 i sniff and wipe my face . 
 i know my eyes are red , and i ca n't go home , not yet . 
 i study the ring . 
 it burns my flesh . 
 i do n't want it on my finger . 
 i pull it off and stuff it in my pocket . 
 i ca n't bear to look at it . 
 i did n't understand why he gave me the ring , and why his mother is desperate for us to get married so quickly . 
 no one cares what i want . 
 i wondered what my dad will say when he knows i am engaged . 
 i 'm only eighteen . 
 i take the ring out from my pocket again , feared that jayden was right behind me and will hit me for taking it off . 
 i look behind me . 
 i do n't see him anywhere . 
 i turn my attention back to the piece of jewellery . 
 i study it for a second and i wonder if i should place it back on my finder , but that does not appeal . 
 so i just drop it , burying it in the sand with my foot . 
 i know jayden would not miss me wearing it . 
 i could n't bear to look at it , not for another second . 
 i do n't want to be his wife . 
 nicole mason does not seem right to me . 
 chapter 2 ~ jayden ~ i was glad to finally get away from nicole . 
 i ca n't stand being near her , not even for a second . 
 she was beautiful , but i do n't like her the same way i did back when we were fourteen . 
 we 'd split up a year ago . 
 now all i was interested in was getting her in bed . 
 if we ever get the beach house to ourselves , i will get the chance then . 
 i know she is n't interested in sleeping me , but i know i can get her in the mood . 
 i did n't want to propose to her . 
 i probably should have told my parents we were no longer going out , but then i would have had my mother on my back about how perfect we were for each other , and how i should n't have let her get away . 
 i do n't know why my mum is so desperate for us to be together . 
 i 'm not even interested in getting married . 
 it has always been mum 's dream for us to be together since we were younger . 
 i only got , okay stole , the ring to shut my mother up . 
 i may not want to get married , but if my mother wants it , then it will happen , and i for one am happy she is organising it . 
 i do n't want any part of it . 
 i could n't stand seeing nicole pretend to be happy . 
 i know she is acting , we both are , but she will act how i tell her to . 
 she will marry me , if i say so . 
 and with that ring on her finger , she has accepted . 
 i know my mother will be over the moon . 
 i do n't bother to check to see if she is following me . 
 i know she wo n't , and i am grateful for that . 
 i march forward , pumping my arms . 
 i scan the beach area , enjoying the warm sun on me , and admiring the young girls my age in their bikinis . 
 i will watch them later . 
 right now i 'm thirsty . 
 i spot a kiosk where i also see my best friend matt being served . 
 i head over to him . 
 i had asked him to come on vacation to canary bay , that way i did n't have to spend my time with nicole . 
 with him here it will make it least boring . 
 he had rented a place not far from the beach house . 
 matt looks in my direction just as the cute chick at the counter serves him , the fringe of his emo hair style falling in his face as he gives me a nod when i stand beside him . 
 the chick hands him two cans of red bull . 
 i eye her up . 
 she is so sexy . 
 i love the way she looks , even if the sweat was trickling down her face , which is not attractive , but it is a hot day . 
 i can see the outline of her bra , and stare at it . 
 she is aware of me watching her every move . 
 she gives me a quick glance , smiling , before turning back to matt , taking his payment . 
 matt thanks the girl and then turns to me , greeting me as he hands over a can of red bull . 
 i take it , opening it and take a sip . 
 `` are you coming to my place later ? '' 
 he asks me . 
 `` i 'm having a party tonight and i 've invited these hot chicks i met on the beach earlier . '' 
 `` yeah , i 'll be there . '' 
 it 's better than staying at home , listening to my mum say how happy i have made her now that nicole and i are finally engaged , i thought to myself . 
 we take a seat at a wooden table . 
 `` are you planning on doing anything special with nicole while we 're here ? '' 
 i pull out my packet of cigarettes , taking one out and then offering one to matt . 
 he takes one . 
 `` i 'm not planning to do anything with that bitch . '' 
 i lit the cigarette before lighting matt 's . 
 at least now i can enjoy this without nicole telling me i ca n't smoke . 
 `` she wo n't miss me if i 'm not with her . 
 hopefully , my mother does n't make me do something with her . '' 
 i roll my eyes . 
 `` did you give her the ring ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` did she say yes ? '' 
 he takes a puff of his . 
 `` at first she said no , but i made her say yes . '' 
 he exhales the smoke . 
 `` what did you do to make her ? '' 
 `` well , i did what it took to make her , like this , '' i say , taking hold of his wrist to demonstrate , tightening my grip . 
 i knew it was n't hurting him , but on nicole i make sure she feels all of my strength . 
 `` she soon changed her mind . '' 
 matt and i hang out on the beach for a while , chatting up some girls . 
 they were cute too , and made a note to find them later if i could not score with the kiosk girl . 
 they were total flirts and i love it . 
 i have n't seen nicole since i left her near the pier . 
 not that i care whether or not she is still there . 
 i do n't want to see her face . 
 i head home in the late afternoon , promising matt i will see him later . 
 my parents and mr fletcher are sitting on the couch in the lounge room , watching something on television . 
 they turn to me as soon as i walk in , asking where nicole is , since i come in alone . 
 i quickly thought up a reason why she was n't with me . 
 `` she 's still out on the beach , '' i lie . 
 well , i suppose it was n't a lie . 
 she could be anywhere right now . 
 `` did you ask her yet ? '' 
 mum asks me . 
 `` ask nicole what ? '' 
 mr fletcher wants to know . 
 i nod . 
 `` yes , i proposed to her and she said yes . '' 
 my mother starts squealing with excitement , jumping up and down like a kid at a candy store . 
 she hugs dad . 
 mr fletcher looks stunned . 
 i roll my eyes over my mother 's reaction . 
 i knew she would be happy , but this reaction is more than i can bear , but place a smile on my lips , and take a stand as she rushes towards me and crushes me in a hug . 
 i roll my eyes . 
 `` mum ! 
 for crying out loud , it 's just a stupid engagement . 
 get over yourself , please . '' 
 i turn and walk out of the room towards nicole 's room . 
 i close the door , resting my back against it , standing and listened to my parents . 
 mum continues cheering . 
 i wonder if she notices how ridiculous she sounds . 
 `` we should have a celebration tonight , '' mum suggests . 
 `` come on , marco . 
 let 's go get a cake and start getting everything ready . '' 
 i roll my eyes . 
 it 's not like i was really going to marry nicole . 
 i plan to break the engagement just before the wedding . 
 dad agrees to the celebration . 
 i soon hear my father 's car start up . 
 good . 
 they 're gone . 
 i was about to move away from the door when i hear mr fletcher say , `` nicole , can i talk to you ? '' 
 i open the door and poke my head out . 
 mr fletcher is sitting on the couch . 
 nicole walks over and joins her father . 
 `` jayden told us the good news , '' mr fletcher says . 
 `` i 'm happy for you both . 
 do n't get me wrong , but are you sure this is something you want to do ? 
 marriage is a big responsibility . 
 i know your heart is set on travelling the world and going off to college . 
 do you think you 're able to juggle marriage , too ? '' 
 nicole nods . 
 `` yes , i 'll be able to juggle it all . 
 i really want to marry jayden . '' 
 i can hear it in her voice that she is lying through her teeth about wanting to marry me . 
 we both know neither of us wants to get married . 
 it is just my stupid mother who wants us to do it . 
 she is always on my back about marrying nicole . 
 `` okay , i guess there is no stopping you if this is what you want . '' 
 `` it is what i want . '' 
 `` can i see the ring ? '' 
 `` hold on a sec , dad . 
 i really need to go to the bathroom . '' 
 something in her voice tells me she does n't have the ring on her . 
 she better not have lost it . 
 matt and i did not rob a house just so nicole can lose it , or if she dared to throw it away . 
 we spent hours trying to make the ring look brand new . 
 nicole heads to the bathroom . 
 i close the door and sit down on her bed to wait for her . 
 she is so going to be punished if she did lose the ring . 
 i clench my fists , ready to find out the truth . 
 `` where 's the ring ? '' 
 i ask her , the moment she enters the room . 
 `` it 's on my finger , '' she answers , and hides her hand behind her back . 
 i stand up and walk over to her . 
 she was lying to me . 
 `` where 's the ring , nicole ? '' 
 nicole does n't answer . 
 i grab her left wrist , pulling her hand towards me to find her finger bare . 
 i feel her body tense , but i am so angry , i tighten my grip and yank her towards me , so close i can feel her body shake against mine . 
 my face inches from hers , my lips close to hers as i repeated my question . 
 `` i buried it . '' 
 `` you buried it ? '' 
 `` yeah , i buried it in the sand . '' 
 i grip tighter and twist her wrist , seeing the pain in her eyes , but she remains silent . 
 nicole asks me to let go , but i refuse to listen . 
 `` you better find that ring , okay ? 
 matt and i did not rob a house just so you can bury it in the sand . '' 
 i let go of her wrist . 
 nicole rubs at it . 
 she stares at me , shock evident on her face . 
 `` the ring is stolen ? 
 you broke into someone 's house ? '' 
 `` yeah , i did . 
 do you really think i would run down to a jewellery store and buy you a million dollar ring ? 
 no , i stole the ring so i did n't have to spend any money on you . 
 and you better not tell anyone what matt and i did . 
 you will pay for it if you tell anyone . '' 
 `` do you realise how much trouble you could get into , jayden ? '' 
 `` yes , and i do n't care . 
 you better get the ring back . 
 do you have any idea what our parents will think if you are n't wearing it ? '' 
 nicole looks at me , fear in her eyes . 
 `` i will find it , jayden . '' 
 `` good , and do n't come back home until you have found it . '' 
 nicole remains silent . 
 she turns and walks out of the room . 
 good . 
 she is gone and i have the room to myself . 
 i grab a cigarette and lit it up . 
 chapter 3 ~ sean ~ i place my earphones in my ears , scanning the songs on my playlist on my ipod . 
 scrolling down until i came to my favourite band , the all-american rejects . 
 i click on my favourite song by them . 
 i look down at my three month old german shepherd , sam , who was sitting in front of me on the back veranda of our home where we lived on the beach in canary bay . 
 she stares at me , wondering if i was ready to go for a run on the beach , like we always did every afternoon before the sun went down . 
 `` come on girl , '' i tell her . 
 sam turns and runs down the steps , running ahead of me . 
 i run after her , telling her to wait . 
 she obeys me and together we run along the beach towards the pier . 
 sunset was in an hour and people are starting to leave . 
 i like it when the beach was less crowded . 
 at least then i do n't have to worry about dodging out of the way for anyone who might be lying on the beach or playing games of frisbee . 
 sam likes to chase after the frisbee sometimes so i 'm glad no one is around with one . 
 we head over to the pier . 
 by the time we reach it , i 'm breathless from running . 
 sam is panting too . 
 i walk over to the kiosk where my cousin kayla works , waiting to serve a customer . 
 i wait for her , like i do most evenings when she gets off work . 
 while i wait we always chat about idle things , sometimes the weather crops up . 
 i usually buy a bottle of water after my run , and share it with sam . 
 `` hey , sean , '' kayla greets me when i got to the counter . 
 i wave to her . 
 `` water ? '' 
 she asks . 
 i nod . 
 `` yes , please . '' 
 kayla turns to the fridge behind her , grabbing a bottle of water . 
 i take out my wallet , grabbing a two dollar coin and hand it to her . 
 thanking her for the drink , i place my wallet away . 
 i then unscrew the lid and down half of the water . 
 sam whines from where she lay beneath my feet . 
 kayla hands me an empty takeaway container and i pour some water in for sam , placing it on the ground for her . 
 `` so , did you have a nice run ? '' 
 kayla asks me . 
 `` yeah , i did . '' 
 `` i do n't know how you can stand to run in this heat . '' 
 `` the heat does n't really bother me . 
 besides , i love this weather . 
 i 'm so glad my parents do n't have to teach in reykjavik any more . 
 i have missed out on hot summers for five years . 
 it feels great to be in a warm country again . 
 Það er frábær . '' 
 my parents are both teachers . 
 mum teaches primary , while dad teaches high school . 
 they were offered teaching positions in iceland for five years . 
 as much as i love iceland , i missed australia . 
 it feels good to be back in a warmer climate after spending the last five years in a cold climate . 
 iceland is always cold , even in summer . 
 i spent my last year of high school in australia . 
 `` i would do anything just to be in iceland right now , '' kayla tells me . 
 `` and please do n't say things in icelandic . 
 i hate it when you say things i do n't understand . '' 
 `` sorry . 
 i said it 's fantastic . 
 anyway , you should visit there someday . 
 it 's such a beautiful place . 
 you would love it . '' 
 `` maybe i will . '' 
 `` well , i better head back . 
 bye . '' 
 `` see ya , sean . '' 
 i pick up the container sam has finished drinking out of and place it in a nearby bin . 
 we head back home . 
 just as we do , i notice a blonde haired girl under the pier . 
 she is digging in the sand frantically . 
 i can not tear my eyes away from her as she continues digging . 
 i can see the frustration etched on her face . 
 i can only assume she must have lost something important . 
 i recall the time i did that when i was ten , how i lost a pair of shoes in the sand . 
 i do n't know what made me bury them . 
 i never did find them . 
 i jog over to her with sam at my heels , to see if she needs help finding whatever she has lost , asking her just that . 
 she looks up at me . 
 `` i 'm fine , thanks . 
 i 'll find what i 'm looking for . 
 i know it 's around here somewhere . '' 
 i feel i should walk away and leave her , but i figured i may as well be a good samaritan . 
 i join her down in the sand and start using my hands to dig , not that i have any idea what i am looking for . 
 sam walks over to the girl , nudging her with her nose . 
 she loves being fussed . 
 the girl smiles and pats sam 's head . 
 i ca n't help but smile at her . 
 `` thanks for helping me , '' she replies , `` but you really do n't need to do this . 
 i do n't want to stop you from doing anything you need to do . '' 
 i look up at her . 
 `` it 's no problem at all . 
 i do n't really need to do anything , except besides head home for dinner . 
 by the way , what am i looking for ? '' 
 `` a ring , but i think it 's going to take a while to find it . '' 
 she is n't kidding about that . 
 looking for a ring is like trying to search for a needle in a haystack . 
 i do n't tell her this , but i do n't think we will ever find her ring . 
 knowing i never located the shoes back when i was ten . 
 i knew there is little chance of finding the ring . 
 i watch her as we continue to dig . 
 at least i now know what i am searching for . 
 `` so , how did you lose it ? '' 
 `` i buried it . '' 
 i had to wonder why she did that . 
 who buries a ring ? 
 `` now i need to find it , '' she continues . 
 `` listen , why do n't you go ? 
 i do n't want you to be in trouble for getting home late , just because you helped me . 
 i mean , i 'm the one who buried it so i should be the one to find it . 
 thanks for the help . '' 
 i do n't argue . 
 if she does n't want my help , then she does n't want it . 
 i just smile instead and tell her i will see her around . 
 i call sam and walk away . 
 i walk a few feet and can not help but turn around and look back . 
 she is still on her knees digging , her fringe falls before her eyes and i see her blow it away for it to only fall right back down . 
 i really hope she will find what she was looking for . 
 as soon as i walk through the back door of my home , mum has dinner set on the table . 
 my older sister , rachel , is lying on the couch , speaking on the phone in icelandic to her boyfriend . 
 my younger sister , sophie , is sitting at the table , texting on her phone . 
 my parents are sitting at the table also . 
 dad tells sophie to get off her phone . 
 she obeys dad and puts it in the pocket of her jeans before eating the meat loaf mum has made . 
 i sit down beside sophie just as dad turns to rachel and tells her to also get off the phone . 
 rachel joins us at the table , and sits across from sophie . 
 `` how 's hans ? '' 
 mum asks my sister . 
 `` he is doing okay , '' rachel answers , taking a bite of her meat loaf . 
 `` he is thinking of visiting me here whenever he gets time off from work . '' 
 `` that would be nice if he did . '' 
 sam sat underneath the table near my feet , placing her paw up on my leg . 
 i knew what she wanted . 
 i make sure my parents are n't looking and break a piece of meat loaf off my plate , dropping it on the floor for sam . 
 mum catches me . 
 `` sean , please do not feed sam under the table or give her any of your food . '' 
 `` have you fed her yet ? '' 
 dad asks me . 
 `` nei , '' i answer no in icelandic . 
 `` okay . 
 be sure to feed her once you finish your dinner . '' 
 i tell dad i will . 
 i quickly ate my dinner and put some food out for sam . 
 i 'm glad it 's not my turn to wash up , tonight is sophie 's turn . 
 i 'm free to do whatever i want . 
 i grab my acoustic guitar from my room and go outside to sit with it on the steps of the back veranda . 
 sam joins me . 
 it is nice and peaceful with only the sound of the waves washing to shore . 
 i like to come out here at night to play around with my guitar just so i do n't bug anyone inside , especially my sisters , who sometimes get annoyed with me for playing . 
 i have a bass guitar as well , which i only use when my friends come over . 
 i belong to a band which my friend cody started up last year shortly after i returned from iceland . 
 we call ourselves white wave . 
 cody named the band after the meaning of his girlfriend 's name , jennifer . 
 she 's in the band too , playing the guitar and backing vocals . 
 i play bass and backing vocals too . 
 cody is lead vocal and my other friend taylor is the drummer . 
 we have n't made it big yet . 
 mainly we just fool around in the garage in the afternoons on school weeks , and any time during the day over holidays and weekends . 
 we are practising to enter a band competition in a week , where if we win , we will split a thousand dollar prize as well as win a recording contract . 
 i do n't know if a recording contract is something i really want since i like playing music for fun , but cody 's heart is set on making our band big . 
 i start strumming some chords on my guitar , playing one of my all-time favourite songs by the all-american rejects , singing the lyrics . 
 `` i love that song , '' i hear a voice say . 
 `` you play it so well . '' 
 i stop playing , looking up to see the girl i saw down at the pier earlier . 
 she walks over to me . 
 i wonder if she found her ring . 
 i also ca n't help wonder why she is standing outside of my house . 
 i did n't even hear her approach the house , but then again i do n't think you can hear anyone when they are walking on sand . 
 it did n't really surprise me that sam did n't bark . 
 she was a quiet dog . 
 most dogs i knew would bark at anyone walking by , but sam did n't . 
 `` takk fyrir , '' i hear myself say . 
 i do n't know why i spoke icelandic . 
 the words just slipped out . 
 i quickly apologise , telling her how i had lived in iceland for five years , and even though australia is my home and has been for the past year , i find myself sometimes blurting out random things in icelandic . 
 sam gets up and walks over to her . 
 she pats sam 's head before looking up at me . 
 `` that 's cool . '' 
 i hold out my hand . 
 `` my name 's sean . '' 
 she shakes it . 
 `` nicole . '' 
 i smile at her . 
 `` it 's nice to meet you , nicole . 
 oh , that 's my dog samantha , but i call her sam . '' 
 nicole sits down on the steps with me . 
 sam wanted to sit on my lap . 
 i place the guitar down behind me to make space for her . 
 `` so , did you find the ring ? '' 
 i ask her . 
 she nods and looks down at a silver ring now back on her finger on her left hand . 
 the white stone glistens in the light . 
 i notice she looks sad . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 i ask her , scratching behind sam 's ears . 
 `` you look like you are n't happy about finding the ring . '' 
 `` that 's because i 'm not . 
 i do n't want to wear it . '' 
 `` if you do n't mind me asking , why do n't you want to wear it ? '' 
 nicole does n't answer me straight away . 
 i watch her , as she bites her lip , like she is searching for the words . 
 i wait , allowing her to tell me in her own time . 
 what she says shocks me . 
 `` it 's because i 'm forced to wear it . 
 i had to agree to marry him , to say yes , to wear this ring . 
 i do n't love him and he does n't love me . 
 he proposed to me today , all because his mother wants us to get married . 
 she 's had this idea in her head for years , thinks we are the perfect couple . 
 we were twelve when the idea popped in her head , we were young and joked that we would , when we were older , '' she sighs . 
 `` they do n't even know that we are not a couple anymore . '' 
 i listen , my head spinning with all the information this girl is telling me . 
 i 'm confused , they are engaged , but they are not a couple . 
 i want to ask her questions , but the look in her eyes stops me as she continues . 
 `` we are just pretending to be a couple for his parents . 
 i thought if i buried the ring , he would n't miss it . 
 i do n't want to wear it . 
 another reason is because he did n't buy it for me . 
 he stole it . '' 
 i do n't say anything . 
 i do n't even know what i can say . 
 i just sit listening to her tell me her problems , not knowing why she is telling me them in the first place . 
 i do n't mind though . 
 i could tell she needed someone to talk to , and i was happy to listen , staring at her as i wondered how i could help her . 
 as i stared at her , i could n't help but wonder why he disliked her so called fiancée , and why they broke up . 
 something does n't seem right , but i could n't work it out . 
 she is pretty . 
 beautiful , is what i would say . 
 jayden should be lucky to be with her . 
 i know i would be . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she replies . 
 `` i do n't know why i 'm telling you all of this . 
 you do n't care what my problems are . '' 
 `` no , it 's okay . 
 i do n't mind listening . '' 
 `` i did n't mean to bother you or anything . 
 i was just out looking for jayden , to see if he was on the beach . 
 he went somewhere without telling me . '' 
 `` you are n't bothering me . 
 so , um , do you live here ? '' 
 i pray silently to myself , hoping she did so i can see her again . 
 `` no , i 'm just on vacation with my dad , and jayden 's family . 
 we 're staying just three houses down from here . '' 
 i try not to feel disappointed . 
 i should be happy she is only three houses down . 
 at least i can still see her even though it will be temporary . 
 `` how long are you staying for ? '' 
 i ask her . 
 `` we are here until the end of january , so about two or three weeks . '' 
 i wish you could stay longer , i want to say . 
 i do n't know why i 'm thinking that . 
 i mean i have only just met her . 
 i do n't even know her . 
 `` who are you talking to , sean ? '' 
 i hear my mother say . 
 nicole and i turn to her as she joins us on the back veranda . 
 she spots nicole and gives her a warm smile . 
 `` hello . '' 
 i introduce nicole to my mother . 
 `` hi . '' 
 mum shakes nicole 's hand . 
 `` you can call me jane . 
 would you like anything to drink ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine , thanks . '' 
 she gets up from the stairs . 
 `` actually , i think i might head back . 
 it was nice meeting you two . '' 
 `` okay , see you soon . '' 
 nicole turns to me , saying goodbye before she walks away . 
 once she is gone , mum turns to me . 
 `` nicole seems like a nice girl . 
 does she live around here ? '' 
 i wish . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` no , she is here on vacation . '' 
 `` okay , well hopefully she chooses to come back to visit soon . '' 
 mum turns to head back inside . 
 i sit there for a moment , thinking about nicole . 
 i want to know if i was going to see her again or if she is interested in seeing me . 
 i mean , if she is n't happy with her so-called fiancé , maybe she could try to date someone else . 
 sure , she was here on vacation , but i 'm sure we could spend some time together and get to know each other . 
 maybe we can start a long distance relationship or something once the vacation is over . 
 i gently push sam off my lap , and run after nicole . 
 i call out her name . 
 she stops and turns around to face me . 
 `` hey , are you doing anything tomorrow ? '' 
 i ask her . 
 `` i 'm not quite sure yet . 
 i may be doing something with my dad . '' 
 `` if you 're able to , would you like to listen to me play ? 
 my friends and i have this band . 
 we have band practice tomorrow after lunch . 
 you 're welcome to come listen to us . '' 
 nicole smiles . 
 `` i will be there . '' 
 chapter 4 ~ nicole ~ sean says goodbye before walking away . 
 i watch him , unable to take my eyes off him . 
 he turns around half way down the beach , flashing me a smile before continuing the rest of the way . 
 i head back to mine . 
 i smile to myself as i walk , thinking about sean . 
 although i have only just met him , i can tell he is nothing like jayden . 
 the way he speaks to me , he does n't say hurtful things or treat me like i 'm stupid . 
 he even listens to me , unlike jayden . 
 i go to my room when i arrive home . 
 i expected to see jayden in my room , waiting for me so he can hurt me for taking a walk along the beach . 
 i sigh with relief when i find my room empty . 
 i get dress for bed , saying goodnight to our parents before heading back to my room . 
 i fall asleep until i feel someone drag me from my bed . 
 at first i thought i was dreaming , but as my butt hits the floor , i 'm fully awake , knowing this is not a dream . 
 the room is dark . 
 i ca n't see anything , but i know the person in the room is jayden , and this is my punishment for taking that walk . 
 i curl up in a ball , ready for him to attack me , which i know is coming . 
 i 'm ready for it , but nothing happens . 
 i 'm shock . 
 he never waits this long to strike me . 
 i can hear him breathing behind me as i wait for the hit , but still nothing happens . 
 i hear the bed springs creak . 
 i remain in place , hugging my knees . 
 i did n't dare to move . 
 i wait in the silent dark room . 
 i can smell his beer breath from here . 
 it 's best for me to stay quiet when he is drunk . 
 i have learnt that the hard way . 
 i get up to switch on the lamp . 
 he is lying on my bed , drunk . 
 his eyes are closed , but i know he is n't asleep yet . 
 he would n't go straight to bed until he abuses me first . 
 i 'm angry now from being pulled roughly from my own bed . 
 i know i should stay quiet , but i have to ask him to know if he was with matt . 
 i knew he was here too . 
 they were rarely apart . 
 `` where have you been ? '' 
 i ask him , not really sure if he would even answer me . 
 i wonder how much he has had to drink . 
 i do n't like the taste of alcohol , but i do n't get how anyone can drink so much they end up drunk . 
 i 'm not against those that chose to drink . 
 i 'm against those who react violently when they have had a few . 
 like the alcohol is the reason , an excuse to act how they like . 
 jayden is nasty and mean when he is drunk , unless he has passed out from having too much . 
 `` mind your own damn business , nicole , '' jayden tells me , not moving from the bed . 
 `` look , it 's not like i care what you get up to , but i still want to know where you were . '' 
 jayden jumps up off the bed . 
 as i watch him , a smile appears on his lips . 
 he knows he scares me and i await the moment he will do it , do whatever he wants to me , like he always does . 
 i hate him . 
 `` are you deaf ? '' 
 he asks me . 
 i shake my head , afraid to open my mouth to say anything . 
 `` then when i tell you to mind your own damn business , i mean mind your own damn business . 
 so shut up and stop asking me questions that do n't even concern you . '' 
 i watch in horror as he raises his hand . 
 i 'm too scared to move . 
 i do n't dare to make a sound . 
 he will strike me for making a sound . 
 i have to take the punishment . 
 his hand stings as it makes contact with my cheek , the force so hard i fall to the floor , and crumple into a ball . 
 i close my eyes , and bite my lip . 
 i try not to cry . 
 if i cry , he will laugh and most likely kick me while i lay here . 
 my face feels numb . 
 it was hard not to cry from the pain i 'm in . 
 the pain increases , stings and feels as if it will bruise . 
 i want to apply a cold compress , but i remain on the floor . 
 i feel the tears in my eyes , but blink them away quickly . 
 he will call me weak if i cry , and then laugh at me , hurting me with his cruel words . 
 i want to call out to dad , but i do n't . 
 jayden will punish me so hard if i do that . 
 i wish more than anything for his parents or my father to walk in , but they do n't . 
 i 'm sure they could hear us in here . 
 i remain silent as i glance up at jayden . 
 i force myself to keep my emotions inside . 
 i have taught myself to do that over the years . 
 it is n't easy , but i manage to do it . 
 he towers over me . 
 `` are you going to keep asking me questions about where i have been ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` good , because i 'm not going to -- '' he stops in mid-sentence and suddenly opens the door , running out of the room . 
 i remain on the floor , watching the door . 
 he does n't returned . 
 i know i should go after him , he would expect it . 
 like the good fiancée i am . 
 i check on his parents , they are both fast asleep , snoring . 
 deep sleepers i assume . 
 i bet an earthquake would n't wake them up . 
 i tiptoe towards the bathroom , and hear jayden gagging , another reason i do n't like alcohol . 
 he is on his knees , head over the toilet bowl , retching . 
 i stand watching him , not sure if i should assist him or not . 
 he has been in this state many times , and i have tried in the past to help him , only to be pushed away . 
 he was n't anything like my dad . 
 when i was younger , dad would drink far too much around the time it was my birthday . 
 he has his reasons . 
 he would say he is fine , but you know truthfully when you see the sadness in his eyes he is n't . 
 i could do whatever i wanted on my birthday . 
 as it got closer to the time i was born , that 's when he would choose to drink . 
 may thirteenth was n't just about my birthday . 
 it was also the day my mother died . 
 i used to think he blamed me for her death , but he told me it was n't . 
 i was just a baby . 
 he chooses to drink until he feels numb . 
 at four years old , i learnt to cope with my drunken father , staying up late to take care of him . 
 he told me it was n't my responsibility to clean up the mess , but at the same time he really appreciated me cleaning everything up . 
 at first i felt bad about sharing my birthday with my mother 's death . 
 there was nothing i could do to change it . 
 i had to deal with it . 
 with help from friends and family , he stopped drinking when i was nine . 
 i was grateful he did . 
 he could n't keep going at it every year . 
 since then he has n't been drunk once . 
 once he finishes vomiting , jayden stands and flushes the toilet , and then pushes past me . 
 i follow him back to my room , closing the door behind us . 
 `` do you really want to know where i was ? '' 
 he tells me . 
 i do n't say anything . 
 i just stand waiting for him to tell me . 
 `` i was with matt . 
 he has rented a house near here and he invited me over . 
 we were having an awesome time with these hot chicks . 
 he throws the best parties . '' 
 he looks at me and mumbles , `` those chicks are so much hotter than you . '' 
 i stare at him , knowing he was trying to get under my skin . 
 i did n't care what he thought , but he continued on . 
 `` maybe if you took better care of yourself , make an effort , you would be better looking , nicole . 
 maybe i would like you more . '' 
 as he continues to insult me , i do my best to ignore him . 
 but his cruel words creep under my skin , like he was twisting a knife through it . 
 i do my best to keep calm . 
 i think about sean , knowing he would never speak to me the way jayden does . 
 jayden turns away from me and climbs back on my bed , sleeping on top of the covers . 
 in an instant he falls asleep . 
 i want to go and literally shake him , tell him that it 's my bed , and i have every right to sleep in it , even if he is a guest . 
 i chose not to , knowing i would pay for that kind of outburst . 
 instead , i sat inside his sleeping bag , attempting to curl up in a ball , and sleep on the hard floor , as i try my best to hold back the tears . 
 i do n't want to cry . 
 i do n't want him to hear me . 
 i would pay for that too . 
 i cry softly to myself , hand over my mouth , hoping that i can muffle the sound that way . 
 * * * * * jayden is still asleep when i wake up in the morning . 
 i would n't want to be him when he wakes up . 
 i still wonder how much he had to drink last night . 
 i grab some fresh clothes and head to the bathroom to change . 
 mr and mrs mason are up and in the kitchen making breakfast , filling the house with the smell of scrambled eggs and bacon . 
 i greet them as i sit at the table . 
 mrs mason set a plate full of eggs and bacon in front of me , as well as a glass of orange juice . 
 i do n't really like the taste of bacon . 
 i do n't want to be rude , especially after she made it for me , but there 's no way i can eat it . 
 i would have to find a way to tell her that i 'm not keen on bacon . 
 dad joins us . 
 i was glad jayden was n't at the table with us yet . 
 `` is jayden still sleeping ? '' 
 mr mason asks me . 
 i nod . 
 `` yeah , he is still sleeping . '' 
 i push the bacon to one side of the plate and start on the eggs . 
 if mrs mason or anyone else asks me why i have n't touched the bacon , i would just say i 'm not hungry . 
 i do n't think they would get upset with me for not eating it and dad was the only person who knew i did n't like bacon . 
 `` nicole , you and jayden do n't have any plans for today ? '' 
 mrs mason asks me . 
 i take a sip of my orange juice . 
 i think i would rather die than make plans with jayden . 
 besides , i 'm seeing sean later . 
 oh , and another thing , i think jayden is going to sleep for a while . 
 he will probably have a massive hangover too . 
 `` there are no plans as far as i know , '' i answer . 
 `` well , i was thinking maybe you and i could look for a bridal dress . '' 
 i look at mrs mason . 
 we only just got engaged and already she wants me to choose a dress . 
 we had n't even set the wedding date yet . 
 `` that would be nice , '' dad says . 
 he takes a sip of his coffee and set it back down on the table in front of him . 
 `` do you have a dress in mind that you would like to wear ? '' 
 i guess for most girls plan their wedding in their early teens . 
 i was no different . 
 i had an idea of the dress i wanted . 
 it changed all the time so at that moment i did n't really know what dress i wanted , but i thought i 'd probably know when i saw the dresses . 
 `` i do have something in mind , '' i say . 
 `` but why do we have to look for it now ? 
 should n't we wait until jayden and i pick a date ? '' 
 `` nicole , it 's never too early to start looking for a dress , '' mrs mason tells me . 
 i do n't really like the idea of shopping for a dress . 
 i mean , i 'm sure it would take hours to find `` the perfect dress '' and i do n't want to spend all day doing so , not if it meant i would be missing out on seeing sean playing in his band . 
 what would he think of me if i did n't show up ? 
 thankfully , there was only one bridal shop here in canary bay . 
 hopefully mrs mason does n't make me travel to other towns to find `` the perfect dress '' . 
 somehow i get the feeling i was n't going to be spending much time with my dad . 
 this vacation would be all about planning jayden 's and my stupid wedding , which neither of us wanted . 
 i wonder how we were going to tell our parents that we no longer loved each other . 
 i could just imagine mrs mason 's face . 
 she will probably cry for months because we are n't going to get married like she had always dreamt of us doing . 
 i agree to go dress shopping . 
 it feels weird going with my soon-to-be-mother-in-law . 
 the only time i ever got to go was with my aunts . 
 dad never felt comfortable taking me shopping , especially when i turned twelve and started wearing training bras . 
 i remember when i got my period for the first time , and he did n't know how to explain it to me . 
 he had to get his sister to explain it for him . 
 when i had to shop for a dress to wear to my formal last year i ended up shopping with my friend lily and her mother . 
 i wonder if in the future i would do shopping with jayden 's mother . 
 i did n't think i 'd like the idea of that . 
 `` thanks for taking me here , mrs mason , '' i tell her as we walk into the bridal shop . 
 `` you did n't really need to do this . 
 you could at least wait until we return home . '' 
 `` it 's no problem , nicole , '' she replies . 
 `` by the way , why do n't you call me lillian for now on rather than mrs mason ? '' 
 i agree to do so , although it does n't feel right to be calling her by her first name . 
 it will never feel right to say it , even if i have known her and her husband for so long . 
 but i guess i should get used to calling them both by their first names . 
 mrs mason and i look around the store at all the dresses . 
 i find one i thought looks really nice . 
 it 's a long white dress with thin spaghetti straps and a v-neck . 
 there are rhinestones around the hemline of the neck . 
 i try it on and it 's perfect on me . 
 but for some reason i ca n't see me wearing it to marry jayden , because i know i wo n't marry him . 
 he ca n't make me , can he ? 
 maybe this dress was n't so `` perfect '' . 
 maybe i should keep looking . 
 i do n't want mrs mason spending money on a dress i have no intention on wearing . 
 i just hope jayden calls off the engagement before we start spending too much money on the wedding . 
 i want to end it myself , but i ca n't . 
 knowing what he can and will do to me , has me going along with whatever he wants . 
 no one cares what i want . 
 i tell mrs mason i 'm not sure about the dress . 
 i want to think on it . 
 after all it 's my big day . 
 i want the dress to be perfect . 
 it was not a complete lie , but she nodded , as if she understood me . 
 i wish she did . 
 i wish i pluck up the courage and tell her the way her son treats me . 
 i remain silent as we leave the store . 
 after leaving the store , mrs mason leads me down the path towards a small café , one i have often passed on my visits here in the past . 
 not sure why dad and i never ate here . 
 we find an empty table and sit . 
 i was n't so hungry after eating breakfast , but mrs mason insists i have something to eat . 
 i order an ice tea and a cinnamon scroll , while she has a latte and a chocolate brownie . 
 she asks me what i was planning to do for the wedding . 
 to tell you the truth i have no idea what i want to do . 
 i do n't even care about this fake wedding . 
 i do n't want to get married at all . 
 was it really such a big deal for jayden and me to be married ? 
 did anyone even care how we feel ? 
 i tell her i 'm not sure what i want . 
 i expect her to lecture me on what i should have . 
 instead , she tells me to let her know what i want , and she will organise it for me . 
 maybe i should tell her the one thing i want , and that is for them to leave . 
 leave us to have our father and daughter vacation , the way we plan it . 
 not with them , and a wedding i do n't want . 
 jayden is still asleep when we return home , which is good . 
 it meant i could sneak over to sean 's place without him questioning me where i was going , or have his mother make arrangements for us to do stuff together . 
 i do n't want that at all . 
 i tell dad i 'm going for a walk along the beach , and head over to sean 's . 
 i hear the band playing and someone singing as i approach sean 's property . 
 i knock on the door . 
 a girl with shoulder-length blonde hair and blue eyes answers , her attention mostly on her phone , texting someone . 
 she asks what she can do for me . 
 she does n't even look at me when she spoke . 
 i want to tell her to stop texting while she is talking to me , but i do n't . 
 `` i 'm here to see sean , '' i tell her . 
 `` is he around ? '' 
 `` yeah , he is in the garage , '' she says , still not looking at me . 
 `` come on in . '' 
 she moves aside for me so i can walk into the house . 
 in the lounge is a girl who looks older than me lying on the couch , speaking on the phone in another language , which i guessed to be icelandic . 
 she too has blonde hair like her sister . 
 the house is filled with the smell of spaghetti sauce coming from the kitchen . 
 even though i have had something to eat before i came here , the smell of the food makes me hungry again . 
 `` who 's at the door , sophie ? '' 
 i hear sean 's mother 's voice call from the kitchen . 
 `` oh , just a girl who is here to see sean , '' sophie replies , as she walks away from me , continuing to text . 
 i ca n't believe how rude she is towards me . 
 sean 's mother emerges from the kitchen , wiping her hands on a tea towel . 
 she smiles when she recognises me . 
 `` hello , nicole . '' 
 `` hello , mrs livingston . '' 
 `` it 's good to see you again . 
 sean is in the garage . '' 
 she points to the door to the right of me in the lounge . 
 i thank her , as she turns back to the kitchen while sophie joins her sister on the couch . 
 i walk over to the door , feeling a little nervous as i turn the knob , wondering what his friends will think of me . 
 he and his friends are playing away and do n't notice me walk in . 
 the garage is n't as big as i thought , without a car in it , there is plenty of space . 
 i stand watching them play , unable to stop myself bobbing to the music . 
 sean looks over at me and smiles , his eyes sparkle with delight . 
 he turns to his friends , telling them to stop for a moment so he can introduce me . 
 his friends greet me back . 
 taylor sits at the drums , his long brown hair in my opinion is in need of a cut . 
 jennifer plays the guitar like sean , her brown hair hanging loose around her shoulders . 
 cody is the tallest out of everyone in the band . 
 his short hair looks to me as if it has been dyed black . 
 `` please to meet you , '' i say to them . 
 `` your music sounds really good . '' 
 `` thanks , '' cody answers , giving me a friendly smile . 
 `` so , do you guys have a record deal or anything ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` not yet , but all of that could change soon , '' taylor replies . 
 `` there 's this band competition we 're entering next week . 
 if we win first prize , we get a record deal . '' 
 i smile at them . 
 i was a little surprised they did n't have a record deal yet . 
 they sound so great . 
 `` well , i do n't know a lot about music , but from the sound of it you will win . '' 
 `` well , let 's hope that it is true , '' cody says . 
 `` so , what do you call yourselves ? '' 
 `` white wave , '' jennifer answers . 
 `` yes , white wave . '' 
 cody put his arm around jennifer and glances into her eyes . 
 `` we named ourselves after the most beautiful girl in the world . 
 jennifer means ` white wave ' . '' 
 jennifer smiles at him and leans over to kiss him . 
 just seeing the look on their faces reminds me how jayden and i used to be when we first started dating . 
 it hurt me a little , but i manage not to show it . 
 i do n't want sean or any of his friends knowing what i was thinking . 
 `` would you like to hear the song we are planning to perform ? '' 
 sean asks me . 
 `` yeah , i would love too . '' 
 i take a seat on a chair , watching and listening as the band began to play the same song they were playing when i walked in earlier . 
 chapter 5 ~ jayden ~ i slept in until noon , waking up with a massive hangover . 
 my shirt smells like vomit . 
 i take it off and dump it on the floor of nicole 's room . 
 i do n't want my parents to smell me like this and start asking questions . 
 i ca n't let them know what i have been up to the night before . 
 hopefully , i can make it to the bathroom , brush my teeth , and get rid of the taste of the vomit and the smell of alcohol out of my mouth before they notice anything . 
 the good thing is my parents are n't around when i walk out of the room . 
 mr fletcher is in the kitchen putting together some lunch . 
 i slip into the bathroom without him seeing me . 
 i brush my teeth as well as take an aspirin before hopping into the shower to freshen up . 
 i then sneak back into nicole 's room to get changed and head to the laundry with my clothes to dump them in the washing machine . 
 `` it 's good to see you up , '' mr fletcher says to me as i walk into the kitchen . 
 he is sitting at the table eating a salad sandwich . 
 `` did you sleep well ? '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` i guess so . '' 
 `` would you like anything to eat ? '' 
 hell yeah , i want something to eat , but not from you . 
 `` where is nicole and my parents ? '' 
 i ask him , rather than answering his question . 
 i ca n't be bothered to answer him . 
 `` nicole is out on the beach and your parents went shopping . '' 
 my parents are always shopping , so that was nothing new . 
 well , actually it was mum who always went . 
 she would usually drag dad along even though he did n't like shopping at all . 
 as a kid she was always dragging me around stores too . 
 i was glad when i turned thirteen that i did n't have to go with her . 
 `` okay , well i 'm going to go find nicole , '' i lie . 
 i left mr fletcher and head outside to the beach . 
 it is crowded . 
 i wander around , looking for something to do . 
 i would be hanging out with matt today , but he said he had to do a few things so i was going to meet up with him later tonight . 
 my stomach grumbles with hunger , reminding me i have n't eaten yet . 
 i 'm hungry , and needed to find something to eat , since i skipped breakfast and feel like i 'm going to die from starvation . 
 the good thing is my headache is gone and now i can enjoy the rest of the day without worrying about my head pounding like a jackhammer . 
 i head over to the pier , checking my wallet to see how much money i have . 
 the chick who was serving matt yesterday is there again today . 
 like yesterday , she is dripping with sweat . 
 i wonder if she is free for lunch . 
 i approach her , ordering a meat pie and a red bull . 
 `` my name 's jayden . 
 what 's yours ? '' 
 i ask her as she gives me the things i have ordered . 
 `` kayla . '' 
 `` so , kayla , when do you get off for lunch ? '' 
 `` i just got back from my lunch break . '' 
 `` when do you finish work ? '' 
 `` five . '' 
 `` do you want to go out with me and get a drink later ? '' 
 kayla smiles shyly . 
 at the back of my mind i kept saying ` please say yes ' over and over again . 
 `` thanks , jayden . 
 it 's a nice offer but no thanks . '' 
 i look at her wondering why she does n't want to go out with me . 
 great , she probably has a boyfriend . 
 i 'm going to have to find a way to make her go out with me . 
 i could n't care less if she was going out with someone . 
 i want her . 
 i will deal with him , the same way i deal with nicole , but i will not hold back . 
 then she will want me , and besides she is way sexier than nicole . 
 `` do you have a boyfriend ? '' 
 i ask her . 
 `` no , i 'm just not interested in going out with you . 
 i mean , do n't get me wrong . 
 you seem like a nice guy , but i just do n't want to go out with you . '' 
 if kayla was nicole , i would have beaten her until she agreed to go out with me . 
 but she was n't nicole and i was going to try and get her to go out with me no matter what it takes . 
 `` oh , come on . 
 one drink ca n't hurt . '' 
 kayla excuses herself as a young girl about ten approaches the kiosk . 
 kayla serves her . 
 i open up my can of red bull , taking a sip of it as i watch her . 
 my eyes scan her body from her head to her waist . 
 i undress her with my eyes . 
 damn , she is so sexy . 
 she is sexier than nicole . 
 i wonder what she would look like naked . 
 when she finishes serving the young girl , she turns back to me . 
 `` okay , fine . 
 i will go out for one drink with you . '' 
 i smile . 
 `` great . 
 so i guess i will meet you back here at five ? '' 
 she returns the smile . 
 she has one beautiful sexy smile . 
 `` i will be waiting here for you . '' 
 i allow kayla get back to work , and walk off to sit at a table to eat my lunch . 
 i continue to watch her from where i 'm sitting . 
 she glance at me a couple of times , smiling at me . 
 as i stare at her , i ca n't help wonder where nicole is . 
 hopefully , she will be nearby later to watch me be with kayla . 
 i love seeing nicole 's heart break to pieces . 
 i know she would n't care if i did date someone else , but at the same time i know she still feels hurt whenever i 'm around someone , giving them the affection i never give her . 
 i stay by the pier all afternoon , just sitting there watching kayla . 
 as soon as she closes up the shop at five , we make a beeline together towards town where i thought i would take her to a café . 
 chapter 6 ~ sean ~ `` so did you enjoy yourself this afternoon ? '' 
 i ask nicole as we walk out of giovanni 's gelatos with our gelatos in a cup , walking down the main street of canary bay . 
 we both have two flavours -- nicole has chocolate and rockmelon , while i have cookie dough and choc mint . 
 giovanni 's gelatos has one of the best gelatos in town , maybe even in australia , maybe even the world . 
 the way this weather is , i could eat a whole tub of ice cream . 
 after practising all afternoon , i thought it would be nice if nicole and i could spend some time together -- alone without my friends around . 
 we walk over to giovanni 's gelatos , my favourite place in the world . 
 the day is hot and i figured ice cream would do us both good . 
 `` yeah , i really did enjoy myself , '' nicole replies , a smile appears on her face . 
 `` since i learnt yesterday that jayden is staying here on vacation with my dad and me , i just was n't enjoying myself . 
 when i 'm at home with our parents i have to fake it that i 'm having a good time . '' 
 `` you are n't faking your enjoyment now are you ? '' 
 `` no . 
 this enjoyment is all real . '' 
 `` that 's good . '' 
 i scoop some ice cream onto my spoon and put it in my mouth . 
 `` nicole , can i ask you something ? 
 why do you and jayden pretend you 're still together ? 
 why ca n't you just come clean and tell your parents you are n't going out any more ? '' 
 nicole goes quiet . 
 i suddenly feel bad for butting into her business . 
 i mean , it was n't really my concern what she did with her life or why she was still with jayden . 
 i just hope i do n't blow it by asking nicole all of these questions about her private life . 
 i 'm such an idiot for asking her all of this stuff . 
 what is she going to think of me now ? 
 `` i should just tell someone , '' she mumbles , `` but most of the time i 'm afraid to speak up . '' 
 `` why is that ? '' 
 `` there is a reason , '' she begins . 
 i can see tears in her eyes . 
 she does n't want to tell me . 
 i try not to push her . 
 i can see she is dying to let it out , but fear is holding her back . 
 i take her hand and then everything spills out , like a train speeding a hundred miles an hour . 
 i grip her hand . 
 her boyfriend , scratch that fiancé , beats her . 
 he does n't deserve that title . 
 i want to take her and hold her in my arms , take care of her , make her feel safe . 
 i nod as i listen to her explain he has threatened her if she tells anyone . 
 i want to find him , and hurt him too . 
 i 'm not a fighter , but i would defend her with all my heart . 
 i do n't understand why jayden would want to hurt nicole . 
 why would anyone want to hit her or any women ? 
 does n't he realise it 's against the law to abuse women ? 
 `` is your dad or his parents aware of what he does to you ? '' 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` no , they do n't . 
 i get bruises sometimes . 
 i have to come up with some kind of lie to cover it up so i do n't get jayden into trouble . 
 at times i do want to tell on him , but i 'm just afraid of what would happen if i did . '' 
 `` it would really suck if you two do get married . 
 i do n't even want to imagine what he would do to you . '' 
 nicole suddenly stops and stares at something ahead of us . 
 i ask her what is wrong , but she does n't answer me . 
 i follow her gaze as she quickly ducks into the bookstore beside her . 
 i do n't need to ask her why she is hiding , because i somehow have the feeling she is running from this guy who is coming towards us . 
 he has dark brown hair and with him is a black headed girl . 
 he must be jayden . 
 hey , wait a second ... is that kayla with him ? 
 what on earth is she doing with him ? 
 kayla spots me and smiles . 
 `` hey , sean . '' 
 i wave to her . 
 i try to act cool and not let my emotions get the better of me . 
 i knew i could not react or she would pay later . 
 but seeing jayden with my cousin just makes me want to punch the hell out of him , especially for what he has done to nicole . 
 i do n't want him doing the same thing to kayla . 
 and if he even thinks of laying a finger on either of them , he is going to have to go through me . 
 `` oh sean , i would like you to meet jayden , '' kayla introduces me . 
 `` jayden , this is my cousin sean . '' 
 `` please to meet you , '' i say , shaking his hand , even though i do n't see what is so pleasing about meeting him . 
 i want the dude to drop dead and suffer in hell for hurting nicole . 
 `` yeah , '' he replies . 
 he does n't seem too happy about meeting me . 
 i just hope he does n't see me with nicole . 
 `` sean , where were you this afternoon ? '' 
 kayla asks me . 
 `` i thought you would be out on the beach for a run with sam . '' 
 `` i 'm still going . '' 
 i knew i had to lie . 
 i could n't let jayden know i had been hanging out with his fiancée for most of the afternoon . 
 i did n't even want to know what he would do to her . 
 `` i just came down here to get a gelato . 
 i 'm heading home to get sam . '' 
 `` okay . 
 i will see you tomorrow then . '' 
 i watch as kayla walks off with that jerk . 
 i so want to punch his face in . 
 he better not try to do anything to kayla . 
 i walk into the bookstore once i can no longer see kayla and jayden . 
 i search the aisles for nicole . 
 i find her sitting in a corner of the young adult section . 
 she looks up at me . 
 `` is he gone ? '' 
 `` yeah , he is , '' i reply as i sit down beside her . 
 `` he was with my cousin . '' 
 `` he is always with someone besides me . 
 he finds every way he can to hurt me . 
 i do n't know why he treats me with disrespect , but he treats other girls like they 're the queen . 
 i do n't understand why he is doing this to me . 
 i do n't even know what i have ever done to him . '' 
 hearing nicole say those things about him made me want to run after him and kayla , and just bash jayden until he could no longer stand . 
 i want him to feel the pain he has caused nicole . 
 what kind of guy would want to do that to a woman ? 
 `` hann er skíthæll . '' 
 nicole looks at me with a puzzled expression . 
 i realise i have just spoken icelandic to her , forgetting that she does n't understand the language . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` sorry , '' i quickly tell her . 
 `` i said : he is a jerk . '' 
 nicole nods . 
 `` yeah , he is . 
 sean , can you please try and speak english , not icelandic ? '' 
 `` i will try . 
 sorry . 
 it just slipped out . 
 like i told you last night , i sometimes forget that i 'm no longer living in iceland . '' 
 `` i understand . 
 sometimes i wish i could just be treated nicely by jayden , but i do n't think that 's ever going to happen . 
 he just does n't care about me . '' 
 i stare at her , trying to think up a way to cheer her up . 
 i want to lean over and kiss her , hoping that it would cheer her up and keep her mind off jayden , but i do n't . 
 i was n't sure if she was ready for some stranger she has just met to hit on her , especially when she has the most horrible boyfriend in the world . 
 she may not even trust other guys . 
 `` listen , why do n't we head back to the beach ? '' 
 i suggested . 
 `` i got ta take sam for a walk . 
 you can join us if you like . '' 
 nicole likes the idea and we walk back to my house . 
 i fetch sam and we walk along the beach , taking off our shoes and enjoying the warm sand beneath our feet . 
 sam runs ahead of us . 
 since it is the late afternoon , the beach is n't so crowded . 
 nicole and i dip our feet in the ocean . 
 the water is cool and all i want is to go swimming , but i do n't . 
 instead i playfully splash water at nicole . 
 she squeals with happiness . 
 it was nice to see her happy after what happened earlier . 
 she has the most amazing and beautiful smile ever . 
 we sat down on the sand , watching the waves crash onto the shore , as well as watching sam as she chases seagulls up and down the beach , diving in and out of the waves . 
 it would be nice if there was a sunset at this very moment . 
 it would feel so romantic just being nicole and me . 
 maybe we can stay here until the sun goes down in the next hour . 
 i look down at her silver anklet around her right foot . 
 a heart charm is attached to it with something written on the heart . 
 i strain my eyes to try and read it , but i ca n't see the words . 
 `` what does it say on your anklet ? '' 
 i ask her . 
 `` it says ` forever ' . '' 
 `` did jayden give it to you ? '' 
 i immediately thought when she said the word ` forever ' . 
 if he did , i wonder why he even bothered to give it to her in the first place . 
 nicole deserves to have something from a boyfriend who treats her with respect , not from one who abuses her for no reason at all . 
 nicole shakes her head . 
 `` no , my dad gave it to me . 
 it ... it belonged to my mother . '' 
 i do n't say anything , but somehow i have the feeling she is going to tell me her mother is dead . 
 `` my mother died while having complications during childbirth . '' 
 her words almost left me speechless . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i do n't know what to say . '' 
 `` you do n't have to say anything . '' 
 `` it must be horrible to share your birthday with your mother 's death . '' 
 `` yeah , it is . 
 it was hard for my dad at first . '' 
 she looks down at her watch and then back up at me . 
 `` listen sean , i 'm going to go . 
 i am probably having dinner soon . '' 
 i feel a rush of disappointment run through me knowing i ca n't spend a little more time with nicole . 
 `` i should head back too . '' 
 i stand up from the sand , helping nicole up . 
 `` my mum would n't be too happy if i was late . '' 
 `` i had a really great time today . 
 i hope we can do something together tomorrow . '' 
 she flashes her beautiful smile at me , making my heart melt , just like every other time i 'd seen it . 
 i return the smile . 
 `` yeah , that would be great . 
 i will let you know what i 'm doing tomorrow . 
 what 's your number ? 
 i will call you . '' 
 `` actually , i prefer if you do n't call me . 
 i do n't want jayden or anyone else to know i 'm seeing someone . 
 do you have facebook ? 
 maybe we could chat on there . '' 
 `` that sounds good . '' 
 we tell each other our usernames before saying goodbye to each other . 
 i watch her leave , smiling to myself . 
 i call sam and we head back home for dinner . 
 i stuff the food into my mouth , swallowing it quickly so i can get away from the table . 
 it was rachel 's turn to do the dishes so i was glad for that . 
 i hid myself in my room and logged onto my computer . 
 chapter 7 ~ nicole ~ jayden is n't home when i return , which is great . 
 his parents ask me where he is . 
 i want to tell them he is out with another girl . 
 a war would start if i tell the truth . 
 i lie , telling them he is with matt . 
 i ca n't say whether or not he is really with sean 's cousin at this very moment , but most likely he is . 
 later he will come home and brag how kayla is better than me . 
 i feel guilty for not telling our parents where jayden really is . 
 he still has n't returned home by dinner time . 
 i 'm glad he is n't here . 
 i do n't feel comfortable with him sitting too close to me during meals , touching me inappropriately underneath the table . 
 at least tonight i do n't have to worry about any of that . 
 after dinner , i disappear to my room , closing the door and hoping no one will walk in . 
 i sit down at my desk , logging onto my laptop and sign into facebook . 
 sean has wasted no time trying to find me . 
 i accept his friend request . 
 as soon as i do , a message pops up in chat . 
 sean : hey . 
 me : hey . 
 sean : jayden is n't around ? 
 me : i would n't be talking to you if he was . 
 sean : yeah , i guess you would n't . 
 has he returned home at all yet ? 
 me : no , he has n't . 
 sean : moron . 
 i bet he 's still with kayla ... hey , i was wondering whether or not ... if you ... have you ever been surfing before ? 
 me : no , i have n't . 
 i have always wanted to try though . 
 sean : well , how would you feel if i take you surfing tomorrow ? 
 i can teach you to surf . 
 me : : -rrb- that sounds great , but i do n't own a surf board . 
 sean : that 's okay . 
 you can use one of my sisters ' boards . 
 i 'm sure neither of them would mind if you borrowed it . 
 me : thanks , sean . 
 how often do you go surfing ? 
 sean : to tell you the truth i have n't done it in a while and i thought we could do it together , but that 's only if you do n't need to do anything tomorrow . 
 me : well , if jayden 's mother does n't make us organise our wedding , i 'm sure i can join you . 
 : -rrb- sean : great . 
 ; -rrb- i ca n't wait . 
 do you think you can sneak out with me without jayden knowing ? 
 what would he do if he found out you were seeing me ? 
 me : i do n't know ... it 's something i do n't want to think about . 
 he would probably hit me to make sure i never see you again . 
 sean : he has no right to do that . 
 me : i know . 
 sean : so , tell me something about yourself . 
 i realised i 've mainly told you things about myself . 
 i do n't know much about you , except for the horrible stuff jayden does and that your mother had died . 
 me : what would you like to know ? 
 sean : anything really . 
 what would you like to become someday ? 
 me : i want to be a teacher , studying travel and tourism and maybe a language . 
 i have studied german in school so maybe i could teach that . 
 sean : sounds great : -rrb- do you travel a lot ? 
 me : not really . 
 i mainly travel between sydney and canary bay . 
 my dad owns a beach house up here and we come here during the summer . 
 sean : if you were able to travel anywhere in the world , where would you go ? 
 me : i would love to go to europe someday . 
 germany is one place i would like to visit . 
 i do n't really care where i go , just as long as i 'm far away from jayden . 
 sean : and you will be able to get as far away as you can from him . 
 i 'm sure of it , nicole : -rrb- you deserve someone so much better than him . 
 me : i know : -rrb- sometimes i wish jayden could be as nice as you are to me right now . 
 he used to until he got involve with drugs . 
 i 'm waiting for sean to finish typing a response when the door to my room opens . 
 without logging off the internet , i close the laptop . 
 i do n't want whoever it is to see me chatting to sean . 
 i quickly grab a book beside the computer and pretend to read it , opening it to a random page . 
 i turn to see who has walked into the room . 
 my heart races as i realise it is jayden . 
 he does n't say anything to me . 
 he just walks in , takes off his shirt and drops it on the floor . 
 he completely ignores me like i 'm not even in the room , lying down on my bed and closes his eyes . 
 `` hi , jayden , '' i greet him . 
 `` shut up , bitch , '' jayden replies without opening his eyes . 
 `` i 'm trying to sleep . '' 
 i shut my mouth , afraid to say another word . 
 i watch him for a few minutes to make sure he is n't going to wake up . 
 when i 'm sure he is fast asleep , i turn back to my computer , continuing my conservation with sean . 
 chapter 8 ~ jayden ~ i lie in nicole 's bed , pretending to be asleep as i listen to her type softly and slowly on the keyboard . 
 she is probably typing like that so she does n't wake me up . 
 i wonder what she was typing . 
 i was sure she was reading a book when i came in . 
 the moment i walked in i knew she was up to something . 
 i will just have to take a look when she leaves the computer to see what she is up to . 
 she ca n't hide anything from me . 
 i will find out . 
 i always do . 
 i open my eyes a couple of times to see what she is doing . 
 she has no clue i 'm awake . 
 `` nicole , can you come here for a second please ! '' 
 i hear mr fletcher call from outside . 
 this is my chance . 
 if she does n't log off , i can see what she is doing . 
 i close my eyes and listen as nicole 's chair creaks as she stands up , her bare feet walking across the carpet until she opens the door . 
 as soon as i 'm sure she is gone , i get up and sit at her desk . 
 she is logged onto her facebook profile , chatting with some guy called sean livingston . 
 i stare at the picture of sean . 
 he is posing with his guitar and i recognise him as kayla 's cousin . 
 what did that jerk want with nicole ? 
 i read their conservation . 
 sean is asking her to go surfing with him tomorrow . 
 over my dead body she is . 
 and if she does go surfing , i hope she gets slaughtered by a shark . 
 nicole tells him what she wants to be someday . 
 there is no way i 'm allowing her to become a teacher . 
 her job is to stay at home , doing all of the cleaning and cooking for me . 
 and then she wrote she wants to travel to europe , travel to any place to get away from me . 
 yeah , right . 
 there is no way i am letting her travel anywhere . 
 she will be with me where i can keep a close eye on her . 
 i will make sure of it . 
 he wants to know what nicole 's hobbies are and asks her to tell him something about her . 
 nicole 's reply is she likes to read . 
 escaping the real world when she is upset , and pretends she is one of the characters in her books . 
 oh boo-who . 
 i have some news for you my sweet nicole . 
 you ca n't escape reality just because you 're upset with me . 
 nicole went on to say she wanted to have a dolphin for a pet . 
 how lame . 
 sean asks her whether or not she has ever seen a dolphin up close . 
 she replies no , so he suggests someday he will take her down to one of the coves nearby where dolphins usually swam . 
 yeah , well i will make sure sean wo n't ever take nicole with him to the cove . 
 i clench my fist together . 
 nicole is so going to pay for this . 
 i will make sure she never sees daylight again for seeing another guy behind my back , especially if he is making her happy . 
 i do n't want to see her happy . 
 i climb back into bed . 
 nicole returns , continuing to type . 
 i ca n't help wondering what else she is talking to sean about . 
 i do n't tell nicole i know her secret . 
 when we get the chance to be alone , i 'm going to tell her exactly what i think about her seeing sean . 
 i will let her have fun , but in the end she is going to wish she had never met him . 
 * * * * * nicole leaves the house shortly after breakfast the next day . 
 i know where she is going and i do n't like it . 
 i leave too , just to make our parents think we are going to do something together . 
 i look for her , but i ca n't see her . 
 it 's only nine o’clock and the beach is already packed with people , so i decide not to worry too much about it , heading over to the pier . 
 i meet up with matt and hope to see kayla . 
 hopefully nicole sees me with her . 
 i spot matt sitting at a table near the kiosk . 
 he spots me and waves me over . 
 i sat down in front of him . 
 `` hey , i 'm glad you 're here , '' matt tells me . 
 `` i want to show you something . '' 
 he looks around to make sure no one was watching us . 
 then he takes a small plastic sealed bag from the pocket of his jeans . 
 it has some white powder inside . 
 i smile at him . 
 `` i was thinking that maybe later you and i can take some of this . '' 
 matt puts the bag back into his pocket . 
 `` come to my place tonight . '' 
 `` i will be there . 
 it 's better than being at home with nicole . '' 
 i look over at the kiosk to see kayla serving a customer . 
 matt follows my gaze . 
 `` is that kayla ? 
 the chick you were telling me about ? '' 
 matt asks me . 
 `` yes , that 's her . 
 she is hot , is n't she ? '' 
 `` sure is . '' 
 he turns back to me . 
 `` are you going to screw her ? '' 
 `` yes , i am . '' 
 `` what about nicole ? 
 are you going to screw her , too ? 
 you have been talking about doing it for some time now . '' 
 i turn to face matt , grinning . 
 `` yes , i am . 
 i will do it as soon as we get the beach house to ourselves . 
 i know she is going to refuse , but i will make sure she does n't . '' 
 `` listen , i 'm going to head off . 
 i will meet you at my place later tonight , okay ? '' 
 i agree to meet him there . 
 he leaves me and i head over to see kayla . 
 `` hey , gorgeous . '' 
 i give her a flirty smile . 
 she returns the smile . 
 `` hi . '' 
 `` working hard ? '' 
 `` i guess so . '' 
 `` can i ask you something ? 
 how come every time i come down here you 're on your own ? 
 do n't you have someone to help you run this place ? '' 
 `` my parents own and run this place . 
 dad had an accident and broke his leg . 
 so in the meantime mum is running around looking after him , doing things for my younger brother , as well as helping me with the kiosk . 
 my mum has to take my brother to soccer practice . 
 she will be coming soon to help me . 
 we could hire someone to help me out , but my mother does n't want to go through all the trouble of looking for someone . 
 in two weeks my dad might be back at work . '' 
 kayla grabs a cloth and spray bottle from underneath the counter . 
 she squirts detergent and then wipes it . 
 `` maybe i could help you out for a little while until your mother comes . '' 
 well , actually i have some better ideas on what we could do before your mother shows up . 
 kayla smiles . 
 `` thanks . 
 that sounds so great , jayden . 
 you 're such a sweet guy . '' 
 i hop over the counter . 
 i do n't really care about helping her . 
 i just want to be alone with her , and to try to get into her pants before her mother comes back . 
 i stand at the counter , waiting for someone to come . 
 this is such a lousy job . 
 `` does it ever get busy here ? '' 
 i ask kayla . 
 `` when it gets close to noon it does , because everyone comes here for lunch . 
 and if it is ever an extremely hot day , everyone is here . '' 
 i stare at kayla , looking her up and down . 
 dirty thoughts ran through my head as i think about what i could do to her while i 'm alone with her . 
 i put my hand over hers and pull her closer to me , leaning down to kiss her . 
 she stares at me when we pulled away , smiling before placing her lips over mine . 
 i smile against her lips . 
 wherever nicole is right now , i hope she sees me kissing kayla . 
 she even kisses better than nicole . 
 i grab her hand and lead her to the store room . 
 being careful not to knock any of the boxes over , i push kayla against the wall , capturing her mouth with mine . 
 she wraps her arms around my neck . 
 i rest my hands on her hips , slipping one of them under her shirt to see how she would react , running it up her side . 
 when she does n't do anything to stop me , i go to remove her shirt . 
 she pushes me off her just as i 'm about to pull her shirt over her head . 
 `` stop , jayden . 
 we just met and i 'm not ready to be taking this huge step with you . '' 
 `` yeah , i guess you 're right , '' i say , feeling disappointed that i ca n't get what i want . 
 she reminds me of when i first started dating nicole . 
 she was n't interested in sleeping with me then and she still is n't interested now . 
 `` kayla , are you here ? '' 
 i hear a male 's voice say . 
 kayla walks away from me , and heads back to the counter . 
 `` oh , hi sean . '' 
 sean ... kayla 's lousy cousin who is trying to hit on nicole . 
 i stand there listening to them , not wanting sean to know i am here . 
 he orders two bottles of water . 
 i clench my fist together when i hear his order . 
 the bitch is with him . 
 he does n't say it , but i knew she is . 
 i can hear the happiness in his voice . 
 `` sure . '' 
 kayla opens the fridge , closing it once she takes out what she needs . 
 `` how 's the water ? '' 
 `` it 's great ! 
 i 'm just teaching my friend to surf . '' 
 `` cool . 
 how are they doing ? '' 
 `` she is doing great . 
 she had a few stumbles , but i think she is picking it up fast . '' 
 `` that 's good . 
 so who is she , if it 's okay to ask ? '' 
 it 's my fiancée ! 
 i want to say , even though i do n't care , not really . 
 besides i did n't want kayla thinking i was using her to get back at nicole . 
 `` her name is nicole . 
 she is on vacation here with her family and i offered to teach her to surf . '' 
 `` that 's nice of you . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 listen , i need to talk to you about something , kayla . 
 it 's about jayden . '' 
 `` what about jayden ? '' 
 jerk . 
 he is going to tell kayla about what kind of person he thinks i am . 
 i worry what nicole has said , and she will pay for that . 
 i emerge from the back and join the cousins before sean can blab to kayla about me . 
 `` yes , what about me ? '' 
 sean turns to face me . 
 fear fills his face , like he is afraid of what i might do to him if he tells kayla anything about me . 
 `` i , uh , i just want to say that jayden seems like a nice guy and i 'm happy for you two . '' 
 kayla smiles at her cousin . 
 `` thanks , sean . 
 i 'm happy for you too . 
 you 've found someone , even after what happened with jennifer . '' 
 `` yeah , well , i will see you later . '' 
 sean takes the bottles and walks away . 
 `` who 's jennifer ? '' 
 i ask kayla , once sean was out of ear shot . 
 `` oh , she is just a friend of sean . 
 she was one of his first crushes when we were twelve . 
 he never had the nerve to ask her out . 
 his parents then moved him and his sisters to iceland for five years . 
 when he and his family returned home last year , he had lost his chance of asking her out to one of his best friends . '' 
 yeah , he does n't have the nerve to ask jennifer out , but he does have the nerve to ask nicole out , i thought to myself . 
 sean is so going to pay for this . 
 he is going to wish he never went anywhere near nicole . 
 i 'm going to make sure nicole pays for it too . 
 she is going to wish she never met sean . 
 chapter 9 ~ sean ~ `` so , how did i do ? '' 
 nicole asks me later that day as we walk out of the water with our surfboards , heading back to my place . 
 we decide to call it a day as there is a storm approaching . 
 a lot of people are leaving and we decided it was best for us to leave too . 
 we did n't want to be caught in it . 
 `` you did well for a beginner , '' i tell her . 
 `` you should have seen me when i first learnt to surf . 
 i was horrible . 
 i had trouble trying to keep my balance . '' 
 she laughs , which makes my heart jump for joy just from hearing the sound of her voice . 
 `` well , anyway , thanks for today . 
 i really enjoyed myself . '' 
 nicole flashes me a smile . 
 `` Þú ert velkomin , '' i smile back , not even realising i have spoken in icelandic again . 
 `` sean ! 
 you did it again . '' 
 `` sorry . 
 i said : you 're welcome . '' 
 we walk up the back steps of my home , just as my mother walks out , carrying a book in her hand . 
 `` oh good , you 're back , sean , '' she replies . 
 `` before the storm hits , can you quickly run this over to kayla ? 
 aunt lorraine asked if she could borrow this . '' 
 nicole and i put our surfboards down , resting them on the railing of the veranda . 
 i take the book from mum , which is one of her recipe books . 
 aunt lorraine , my mother 's sister , is such a terrible cook and is always borrowing recipe books from mum . 
 mum had bought her some recipe books , but she never used them . 
 i tell mum i will be back soon . 
 together , nicole and i head over to the pier . 
 the thunder is getting louder and the clouds are darker . 
 i know the storm would hit soon . 
 i just hope the rain would wait until nicole and i got back to my place , but i doubted it . 
 `` you 're back , '' kayla says when we reached the kiosk . 
 `` yeah , mum sent me over here , '' i tell her , handing the book to her . 
 `` she just wanted me to give this to you . 
 your mother asked for it . '' 
 kayla takes the book . 
 `` thanks . 
 i will give it to her . '' 
 i introduce nicole to my cousin before we head back . 
 the girls greeted each other , chatting for a bit . 
 kayla then tells us to go before it starts raining . 
 it came down just as we set foot on the sand . 
 we ran for cover , under the pier , and stand there , watching and listening as the rain came down . 
 lightning flashes across the sky , follow by thunder cracking loudly in the distance . 
 from the look of it , we might be under here for a while . 
 we could make a run for it back to my place , but by then we would be completely soaked . 
 it probably did n't matter since we are already wet after going surfing , but still we did n't want to be even more drenched than what we already were . 
 `` how long do you think we will be hiding underneath here for ? '' 
 nicole asks , pushing her wet hair away from her face . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i tell her . 
 `` it all depends when the storm will slow down . '' 
 she smiles . 
 seeing the smile makes me want to lean over and kiss her . 
 maybe i should . 
 i was sure she would n't mind if i did kiss her . 
 she needed to know i cared about her unlike that selfish jerk , jayden . 
 i feel a little nervous as i stare into her bright blue eyes . 
 i can see she is a little nervous too . 
 `` but even if it does n't slow down , '' i say , taking a step forward , `` at least i can spend a little more extra time with you before we have to head home . '' 
 i touch her cheek with my hand , before leaning forward and place a kiss on her lips . 
 when we pull apart , we just stare at each other . 
 everything between us seems perfect as we stand there with the rain patting down , the ocean crashing onto the shore and the thunder cracking overhead . 
 okay , maybe not so much of the thunder , but still everything seems perfect . 
 it feels like we are in one of those romance movies where they kiss in the rain . 
 i lean forward to kiss her again , kissing her passionately this time , closing my eyes . 
 nicole places her hand at the back of my neck . 
 a tingling sensation runs through my body from where nicole 's hand touches me . 
 i rest my hands on her waist , feeling her bare skin against my own , where she was wearing a yellow bikini . 
 we pull apart , standing there as we stare at each other , breathlessly . 
 `` wow , '' i hear myself say . 
 nicole does n't say anything , except smile . 
 `` the rain has slowed down , '' she whispers . 
 `` yeah , '' i whisper back . 
 we head back home , hand in hand . 
 we stand outside of her home . 
 i do n't want her to go , but i know she has to . 
 i kiss her one last time before she quickly runs inside to get out of the rain . 
 i take my time walking back to my place . 
 i do n't care if i 'm soaked to the skin . 
 all i care about is the smile i can not seem to remove from my lips . 
 i have kissed nicole . 
 i walk up the back steps of my home , ignoring sam when she races over to greet me . 
 i ignore my mother who is in the kitchen preparing dinner , not bothering to let her know i had returned after delivering the book to kayla . 
 forgetting i 'm soaking wet , i sit down on the couch . 
 rachel is curled up on the couch with a book . 
 it was unlike her not to be attached to her phone talking to her boyfriend . 
 she stares at me . 
 the television was on , but no one is watching it . 
 `` what 's the matter with you ? '' 
 rachel asks me . 
 `` nothing , '' i reply . 
 `` everything is just perfect . '' 
 `` sean , i did n't hear you come in , '' i hear mum say from the kitchen . 
 `` did you and nicole make it out of the rain okay ? '' 
 `` we got caught in it , but it did n't really matter . '' 
 i could still feel nicole 's lips on mine and i kept replaying the kiss over in my mind . 
 chapter 10 ~ nicole ~ i can still feel sean 's lips on mine as i walk through the front door of the beach house . 
 i replay the kiss in my mind . 
 it 's one of the best kisses i have ever received . 
 it felt meaningful . 
 the ones i have shared with jayden were n't meaningful . 
 they were full of lies . 
 his kisses make me felt like we are n't meant to be together , but when i kissed sean it was like we were supposed to be together . 
 dad is in the kitchen preparing dinner . 
 he saw the smile on my face and says , `` hey , what are you so happy about ? '' 
 i want to tell dad about sean . 
 i want to tell him how he makes me feel so much happier than jayden does . 
 but something tells me i should keep sean a secret for a while . 
 i 'm sure dad wo n't mind , but what if jayden found out ? 
 `` oh nothing , '' i reply . 
 `` i 'm just feeling happy . '' 
 `` that 's good to hear . 
 by the way , did you get caught in the storm ? '' 
 `` yeah , i did , and it was totally worth getting caught in it . '' 
 dad did n't ask questions . 
 he just smiles and replies `` okay '' and went back to chopping carrots . 
 i left dad and walk to my room . 
 my smile fades the minute i step into my room , finding jayden sitting on my bed , staring at me . 
 he does n't look happy . 
 my first thought is that he knows about sean . 
 i 'm afraid to open my mouth to say anything so i do n't . 
 i start to feel uncomfortable when his expression changes to a smirk , and i realise he is only giving me that look because of what i am wearing . 
 i close the door and walk over to my chest of drawers , pulling out a pair of denim shorts and a plain purple shirt . 
 i have to get out of this bikini so he will stop looking at me like that . 
 i hope . 
 jayden walks up behind me , wrapping his arms around my waist , kissing my neck . 
 i do n't feel comfortable having his arms around me . 
 it just does n't feel right . 
 he removes his arms and i felt him tugging at the strings of my bikini . 
 i panic on the inside , afraid of what he might do , especially when my dad is just in the other room and could walk in here any minute . 
 i push his hands away before he has the chance to untie the strings . 
 `` jayden , please do n't . '' 
 he does n't listen and unties the strings . 
 my bikini top drops to the floor . 
 jayden turns me around so he can get a glance of me topless . 
 i cover my chest with my arms , feeling uncomfortable with the grin jayden gives me . 
 he reaches out to touch me , but i quickly step backwards before he has the chance to lay his hand on me . 
 `` if you touch me , i swear i will tell my dad , '' i warn him . 
 he frowns at me . 
 `` you wo n't tell him anything , you bitch . '' 
 i thought he was going to hit me . 
 instead he pushes me to the floor and walks out of the room , closing the door behind him . 
 i sit there for a few seconds before getting up and locking the door so i can get dressed . 
 later after dinner jayden tells our parents he is taking me out . 
 he said he is going to take me to the movies , but i doubt that 's what he is really going to do . 
 the last time he took me to the cinema was when we were fourteen . 
 once we turned fifteen he stopped taking me anywhere . 
 there was no more doing what i wanted to do . 
 everything was about him . 
 jayden took me to matt 's place . 
 i do n't know why . 
 i did n't want to go there . 
 i hate matt so much for what he has turned jayden into . 
 the house was just four blocks away from where we were staying . 
 he was n't looking after the place . 
 rubbish was scattered all over the room . 
 i sit on the couch , looking around the room while the guys sat at a table , sniffing the cocaine matt has provided . 
 how can they even take that stuff ? 
 matt glances up after sniffing the drug , and looks over at me . 
 `` hey , nicole , would you like to try some of this ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` no , thank you . '' 
 jayden turns to me , narrowing his eyes . 
 i figure he is probably mad at me for not taking matt 's offer , and scared he will make me sniff the drug , like he did the other day when he made me take a puff of his cigarette . 
 fear rushes over me as he stands in front of me , my heart pumping fast in my chest . 
 he grabs a hold of my wrist , pulling me off the couch and slaps me hard across the face . 
 my face turns numb instantly , burning as if it is on fire . 
 `` you little slut , '' he barks . 
 i stare at him , not sure why he is calling me that . 
 `` i saw you with that moron , '' he continues . 
 for a second , i was n't sure what he was talking about , and then i realise he was talking about sean . 
 oh no . 
 he must have seen me kiss sean . 
 `` jayden , i 'm sorry , '' i say , hoping he would just forget what i did , but i know it was n't going to happen . 
 he is going to make sure i am punished for being with sean . 
 `` i did n't know sean was going to kiss me . '' 
 without warning , jayden punches me in the mouth . 
 i fall backwards onto the couch . 
 he grabs me , pushing me to the ground . 
 i slam my hip on the edge of the coffee table before landing on my back . 
 i clutch a hand to my hip , rubbing the side and hoping the pain would subside quicker . 
 before i get the chance to move , jayden kicks me hard in the stomach . 
 * * * * * i escaped matt 's house , tears falling down my face . 
 i could n't really run , but i have to . 
 or jayden will catch me . 
 pain sears every part of my body . 
 i ca n't even breathe properly . 
 i 'm surprised i 'm able to run after the way jayden has hurt me . 
 matt just sat there , watching him bash me . 
 it should n't surprise me . 
 i was terrified to walk through the door of the beach house . 
 i knew i will be asked a million questions by our parents . 
 they will want to know who had beaten me up . 
 what would they say if i told them jayden had done it ? 
 what would jayden say if he knew i had told on him ? 
 before i walk inside , i try to come up with an excuse to explain what has happened , but i ca n't think of anything they would believe . 
 the television is on and i know they are up . 
 i slowly open the front door , and try to see where our parents are . 
 i can see dad sitting on the couch , snoring softly . 
 i look around for the masons but i ca n't see them anywhere . 
 maybe they are out . 
 quietly , i sneak across the lounge room without waking up dad and slip into the bathroom , locking it . 
 i walk over to the mirror , afraid to look in it . 
 my right eye is swollen with a dark purple bruise surrounding it . 
 it 's horrifying just looking at my reflection in the mirror . 
 what does the rest of my body look like ? 
 i turn away . 
 i could n't look at myself . 
 i am hideous . 
 i sit down on the tile floor , resting my back against the cabinet under the sink . 
 i push my knees up to my chest , hugging my legs as i cry again , letting out the pain . 
 i try not to cry too loud because i do n't want dad to hear me . 
 he will want to know who has done this to me . 
 i want to tell him , but what would jayden do to me if he knew i had told on him ? 
 feeling a little better , i sneak back out of the bathroom . 
 dad is still asleep . 
 i hurry to my room before he wakes up . 
 with every part of my body hurting , i slowly undress myself and pull on my pyjamas , avoiding the mirror so i do n't see the bruises on my body . 
 i was going to lie in my bed , but then i thought i better not . 
 if jayden came home , he would drag me out again . 
 so to avoid being beaten again , i lay down in his sleeping bag . 
 i ca n't lie on my right side where jayden has kicked me in the ribs . 
 this huge purple bruise has formed there . 
 i find it difficult to sleep , thinking over and over again what jayden has done to me . 
 i could n't close my eyes for even a second , because every time i closed them , i see jayden hitting me . 
 then i think about sean and the kiss we shared earlier . 
 i should feel happy thinking about him , but i was n't . 
 as much as i enjoyed every moment being with sean , i 'm afraid that i might have to say goodbye to him , just so i can avoid getting beaten by jayden . 
 * * * * * when morning came , i woke up before anyone else . 
 jayden is fast asleep under the covers of my bed . 
 i did n't even hear him come home last night . 
 i grab some clean clothes and underwear , hiding myself in the bathroom . 
 i decide to take a quick shower to freshen up , being careful over my bruised body . 
 once dressed , i stare at myself in the mirror , thinking of a way to disguise my black eye . 
 i dab foundation over it , but the make-up is n't really doing its job . 
 you can still see the bruise . 
 there is no way i 'm going to be able to get out of this house without dad or the masons seeing my eye . 
 they 'd fire never ending questions at me . 
 i walk out of the bathroom , breathing in the smell of pancakes as the scent fills the house . 
 i hold my breath , my heart races as i see them look at me , their smiling faces change in an instant when they see me . 
 mrs mason remains at the stove , flipping pancakes , as i walk over to them . 
 mr mason puts his cup of coffee down on the counter . 
 `` oh my goodness , nicole ! 
 what happened to you ? '' 
 mrs mason gasps . 
 she puts down the egg flipper and runs over to me . 
 `` nicole ! 
 are you okay ? '' 
 a thousand excuses ran through my mind . 
 i try to come up with the best one , hoping they would buy it . 
 `` what 's wrong with nicole ? '' 
 i hear dad say . 
 i 'm afraid to look at him . 
 he is so going to freak . 
 `` it 's nothing , dad . '' 
 dad does n't believe me . 
 `` tell me what 's wrong , nicole . '' 
 i turn to face him . 
 as soon as i did , he freaks , and the questions start . 
 mrs mason turns away to take the pancakes out of the pan before burning them . 
 `` i got up in the middle of the night to go to the bathroom and ran into the door , '' i reply , praying silently to myself that they would buy the excuse . 
 dad takes a step forward and touches the side of my face , having a closer look at the bruise . 
 `` it looks like someone punched you , nicole . '' 
 i panic . 
 i 'm afraid i would have to tell them the truth . 
 half of me just wanted to blurt it out and say it was jayden , but then he will kill me for saying anything to our parents . 
 `` dad , seriously , '' i tell him . 
 `` i ran into the door . '' 
 dad stares back at me . 
 i know he does n't quite believe me . 
 maybe i should tell him . 
 but i ca n't tell him with jayden 's parents around . 
 maybe i can tell him when i get the chance to be alone with him . 
 `` you must have smacked into the door real hard for that bruise to come out like that , '' mr mason states . 
 mrs mason turns from the stove . 
 `` nicole , darling , are you sure you 're alright ? '' 
 `` yes , mrs mason . 
 i mean , lillian . '' 
 `` did you put ice on that ? '' 
 i did n't . 
 i was afraid to get some to put on my eye last night just in case i woke up dad . 
 he would have asked me questions that i did n't feel like answering . 
 `` yes , i did , '' i lie . 
 they stop asking questions and we sit down to eat while jayden continues to sleep . 
 i wonder what that bastard got up to last night after i left matt 's . 
 i do n't really eat the pancakes mrs mason makes . 
 i 'm not hungry . 
 my stomach is turning itself into knots as i think of what i 'm going to say to sean when i tell him i can no longer see him . 
 after breakfast i walk along the beach for a bit , thinking of what to say . 
 i could n't really come up with anything . 
 it 's so hard to come up with a goodbye . 
 maybe it 's because i do n't want to say goodbye , but it will be best for the both of us if we never see each other again . 
 i want to protect him from jayden , who i know will do something harmful to him if we continue seeing each other . 
 i take a pair of sunglasses to cover up my eye as i finally make my way over to sean 's . 
 i know what he will say if he sees my eye . 
 i knock on his front door . 
 sean answers it . 
 as soon as i see him , my stomach turns into knots . 
 my heart rips to pieces . 
 this is going to be hard . 
 i do n't think i can do it . 
 i hate jayden for making me do this . 
 a huge smile spreads across his face . 
 `` nicole ! 
 hey , it 's good to see you . 
 come on in . 
 my friends will be coming over soon . '' 
 i feel a lump form in my throat as i search for the right words to say . 
 well , there are n't really any right words at all when you have to figure out how to say goodbye to someone without hurting them , which you would end up doing anyway . 
 `` thanks , sean , but i ca n't stay . '' 
 `` okay , well , maybe you can come by later and we can do something . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , but i ca n't . 
 i ca n't see you anymore , sean . '' 
 chapter 11 ~ sean ~ nicole 's words hung in the air . 
 i do n't know what to say . 
 i do n't know what to do . 
 how can she say she ca n't see me again ? 
 did i do something wrong ? 
 was it the kiss ? 
 was i moving too fast for her ? 
 wait . 
 was she still in love with jayden ? 
 is that why she 's leaving me ? 
 even after everything that jerk has put her through ? 
 `` what do you mean you ca n't see me again ? '' 
 i ask , desperate to find out the answers . 
 `` i ca n't see you anymore . '' 
 she is hiding something . 
 i can hear it in her voice . 
 `` goodbye , sean . '' 
 nicole turns and starts walking down the front lawn , taking my heart with her as she rips it out of my chest . 
 she ca n't leave me . 
 she just ca n't . 
 i follow her , closing the door behind me . 
 `` nicole , wait . 
 tell me why you ca n't see me anymore ! 
 did i do something wrong ? 
 if i did , i 'm sorry that i did it . '' 
 `` you did n't do anything wrong . 
 i just feel it 's best we do n't ever see each other again . '' 
 `` nicole , please tell me why i ca n't see you . '' 
 she does n't answer me . 
 she leaves my property , stepping onto the side walk . 
 i grab her arm , begging her to stop and give me an explanation as to what 's going on . 
 it 's killing me , knowing something was upsetting her enough to make her to just want to walk away , but not knowing what . 
 i know there is no way in the world she wants to say goodbye , not after that kiss we shared . 
 it was way too meaningful to just throw away . 
 at the touch of my hand , nicole quickly turns to me , telling me to just let her go . 
 i ca n't . 
 not until i know why she is doing this to me . 
 she suddenly clutches the right side of her stomach from the sudden movement she made , crying out in pain . 
 my heart drops . 
 something has happened . 
 i reach out , removing her hands from where she is still clutching her side . 
 i lift up her shirt , finding a massive purple bruise on the right side of her stomach , just above her hip . 
 i gasp , knowing this bruise is not from falling . 
 i want to curse , but i do n't like the idea of swearing in front of nicole . 
 i remove her sunglasses , placing them on top of her head and stand there in shock when i see her eye . 
 `` who did this to you ? '' 
 i ask her , my voice cracking . 
 `` nobody , '' she replies . 
 `` i just crashed into the door frame . '' 
 i shake my head , knowing she is lying . 
 `` no , nicole . 
 you did n't . 
 someone beat you up , did n't they ? '' 
 nicole looks down at the ground , unable to meet my eyes . 
 `` it was jayden . 
 he saw us kissing and he ... '' she did n't finish the rest of the sentence . 
 tears flowed down her face . 
 that bastard ! 
 i clench my fists together . 
 how dare that jerk touch nicole the way he did ? 
 what gave him the right to do it ? 
 i push past nicole and start walking towards her place . 
 i 'm going to give jayden a piece of my mind . 
 he is going to wish he never laid a hand on her . 
 `` sean , where are you going ? '' 
 nicole asks as she chases after me . 
 i blurt out some things in icelandic . 
 i speak it without knowing when i 'm angry . 
 `` sean , speak english , please . '' 
 she grabs my wrist . 
 i stop and turn to her . 
 `` sorry . 
 i often speak it when i 'm feeling mad . '' 
 `` well , can you please speak english no matter how mad you are ? 
 what did you just say ? '' 
 `` i said i 'm going to go smash jayden 's head in . 
 he has no right to do what he did to you . '' 
 `` sean , no . '' 
 i see the fear in nicole 's eyes as she pleads me not to do anything to jayden . 
 seeing the look in her eyes made me want to hurt him more . 
 i do n't care what kind of trouble i would get myself into by beating him up . 
 i just did n't want this monster to get away with what he had done . 
 `` what did your dad say ? '' 
 i ask her . 
 nicole wipes her eyes , which are now red and puffy from all the crying she has done . 
 `` i did n't tell him . 
 i just told him i ran into the door . '' 
 `` nicole , you have to tell him . '' 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` no . 
 i ca n't tell him . 
 i ca n't tell anyone . '' 
 `` nicole , you have to tell someone . 
 if you do n't tell someone , he is going to keep beating you up . '' 
 `` i know i have too , but i 'm scared , sean . 
 he threatens to hurt me if i even think about telling someone . 
 i 'm not even supposed to tell you . 
 if he finds out i have told you , he is going to beat me up again . '' 
 i rest my hand on her cheek where jayden has hit her . 
 i feel her pain . 
 she flinches a little when i touch her . 
 `` do n't be afraid . 
 i will be here to protect you , nicole . 
 i will make sure that he will never lay a finger on you again . '' 
 nicole tries to smile , giving me a half smile . 
 it fades as she pushes my hand away , turning her head away so she was n't looking at me . 
 `` thanks , sean , but i think we 're better off going our separate ways . 
 it 's the only way . '' 
 she pushes pass me , heading back towards her home . 
 i turn to watch her , not sure whether to let her go or to run after her . 
 if i ran after her , there was a chance jayden might beat her up again . 
 i could n't let that happen to her . 
 this is n't right . 
 why should it end like this ? 
 it 's my entire fault that she has been beaten up . 
 if only i did n't kiss her ... no . 
 none of this is my fault . 
 jayden is just a monster who does n't respect anybody . 
 he does n't even respect himself . 
 if this is how he treats nicole , how will he treat kayla ? 
 will he beat her up too ? 
 i do n't move . 
 in fact , i could n't move at all . 
 i continue to stare at nicole as she walks further away from me , leaving me stranded here as my heart went with her . 
 half of me wanted her to turn around , run back to me and say she was n't leaving me , while the other half was n't sure whether or not i should run after her . 
 maybe i should . 
 maybe i should n't . 
 maybe i was wrong and we were never meant to be . 
 maybe i was dreaming and i had n't met nicole at all . 
 `` hey sean , '' i hear cody say from behind me . 
 i force myself to turn away from nicole , who is now out of sight . 
 walking towards me from the opposite end of my property are cody and jennifer , walking hand in hand . 
 jennifer is carrying her guitar case . 
 seeing cody and jennifer together makes my heart crumble . 
 why ca n't nicole be like jennifer where she can be happy all the time , rather than running and hiding from the horrifying nightmares she has been living in for so long ? 
 why did n't she meet me first ? 
 i stand there as a lonely tear found its way down my cheek . 
 cody and jennifer must have seen the expression on my face and hurried over to me . 
 `` sean , what happened ? '' 
 cody asks . 
 `` it 's my fault , '' i reply . 
 `` what 's your fault ? '' 
 jennifer asks . 
 `` it 's my fault that nicole got beaten up . '' 
 jennifer gasps , putting a hand over her mouth . 
 `` oh my goodness ! 
 is she okay ? '' 
 `` wait , what do you mean it 's your fault ? '' 
 cody asks . 
 `` what did you do and who would want to beat nicole up ? '' 
 `` i should n't have kissed her and then she would n't have been beaten up by her fiancé . '' 
 my friends stare at me . 
 they do n't have to say anything . 
 i know what they were thinking . 
 what was i doing with someone who is engaged to get married to someone else ? 
 i explain to them about jayden , telling them how he treats nicole . 
 i continue to take the blame on myself ? 
 why did i kiss her ? 
 why did i even start speaking to her in the first place ? 
 `` sean , this is n't your fault , '' cody tells me . 
 i know he was right , but i just felt better if i blame myself for what happened . 
 `` both you and nicole did n't know he was going to go and do what he did to her . 
 no one expected it . '' 
 `` is she okay , sean ? '' 
 jennifer wants to know . 
 `` já , i think so , '' i tell them . 
 `` she has a black eye and a bruise on the right side of her stomach . 
 i 'm not sure if she has any other bruises . '' 
 cody and jennifer wrap me into a hug , saying how sorry they are . 
 i do n't know why they are apologising . 
 they do n't need to . 
 i should be the one to be sorry . 
 i got nicole into this mess . 
 i should be the one beaten up by him . 
 i 'm the one who kissed her . 
 cody decides to call band practice off for the day and do something that can help me keep nicole off my mind , but i doubt anything can help me . 
 nicole is the only person i can think about right now . 
 i thought about the kiss we shared and the fun we had when we were surfing . 
 how could i just shut those images out of my head ? 
 taylor arrives a short time later . 
 i sat curled up on the couch , thinking about nicole while my friends decide on what pizza to order . 
 cody orders it . 
 i do n't really want pizza or anything to eat . 
 i do n't have the appetite . 
 it 's nice of my friends to offer to do something fun to keep my mind off nicole , but all i really want was to be alone . 
 it would take away the pain i 'm feeling . 
 i sneak out of the house without my friends knowing , walking out onto the beach . 
 sam follows me out . 
 i sit down on the sand with sam in my lap . 
 i stroke her back as i stare out at the horizon , ignoring the people around me who are on the beach . 
 i do n't know how long i had been sitting out here , but the next minute i hear jennifer 's voice calling me . 
 `` are you coming back to watch the movie , sean ? '' 
 jennifer asks , sitting down beside me . 
 `` the pizza will be here soon . '' 
 `` i will come back in soon , '' i tell her , scratching sam behind her ear . 
 `` i just want to be alone for a while . '' 
 jennifer nods . 
 `` okay . 
 i will see you inside . '' 
 she got up to head back indoors , but sat down again when i continue speaking . 
 `` i do n't get it , '' i say . 
 `` everything seemed perfect . 
 i really thought that when i met her she would be my girlfriend . 
 i thought that when she ends her vacation here we could maybe have a long distance relationship or something . '' 
 `` have you told her how you feel ? '' 
 `` i told her i would protect her , not letting jayden touch her . 
 i could see she wanted to smile , but it 's like she was scared to smile . '' 
 `` does anyone else know about the way jayden treats her ? '' 
 `` i do n't think so . 
 she keeps it to herself because jayden threatens to hurt her if she tells anyone . 
 she only told me . 
 she took a risk to tell me . 
 if jayden finds out that i know what he does , he is going to beat up nicole . '' 
 i was n't really sure if i should be telling jennifer anything about what goes on in nicole 's personal life . 
 it 's not like jennifer would go around blabbing it to everyone , but i thought nicole would rather i keep the stuff jayden did to her between us . 
 okay , so it would be a bit hard to keep it between us , especially if everyone was to see her black eye . 
 i would rather discuss how i feel about nicole with cody and maybe taylor , but mostly cody . 
 i tell him everything ... okay , well not everything . 
 i still have n't told him that i used to have a crush on jennifer . 
 i was too shy to tell her . 
 i should have told her when i moved to iceland , but i never did . 
 i feel like an idiot . 
 especially when a couple years later i found out she and cody were dating . 
 i was heartbroken when i returned home to find my best friend with my crush . 
 i never told him my feelings for jennifer . 
 i did n't want him to leave her or make him feel uncomfortable about kissing her around me . 
 besides , they were perfect for each other . 
 i think jennifer is better off with cody than with me . 
 i 'm slowly letting my feelings for jen go . 
 but there were days when i still liked her . 
 i had to force myself not to . 
 since laying my eyes on nicole , i have n't really thought about her . 
 i guess it 's because nicole is the first girl i have met so far where my feelings for her felt true . 
 i had dated other girls before , but they never really helped me get over jennifer . 
 nicole had . 
 `` you truly care about her , do n't you sean ? '' 
 jennifer says . 
 i nod . 
 `` then why do n't you go find her ? 
 tell her how you feel . 
 tell her you still want to be with her . '' 
 `` i want to , but ... jayden might beat her up again if i go anywhere near her . 
 i do n't want anything to happen to her . '' 
 `` i do n't want that to happen either . 
 at the moment she is just scared , but truthfully she wants to be with you , sean . '' 
 i look up at her . 
 i knew she is right , but i 'm having a hard time convincing myself . 
 `` you really think so ? '' 
 jennifer nods . 
 `` yeah , i do . 
 you want to know something . 
 if i was in nicole 's position and i was n't able to see cody ever again , i would want him to go against my words and come after me anyway . 
 nicole would want you to come after her , even if she did tell you not to . 
 i think she is trying to find a way to escape from whatever she is going through with jayden , but she is not quite sure which way to go . 
 she is scared . 
 she wants to be with you , but it 's jayden who is stopping her . '' 
 jennifer is right . 
 i have to save nicole before that monster did something else to her . 
 she needs someone to show her that she is special and can be loved . 
 she did n't need someone who beats her all the time . 
 that 's not how you treat someone you love . 
 `` you 're right , jen . '' 
 i put sam down and embrace jennifer . 
 i plant a kiss on her cheek to say thank you , which is something i wish i did n't do . 
 i completely lost myself . 
 i do n't know if it 's because i am missing nicole or if it 's because i have kept my feelings for jennifer inside me for so long . 
 butterflies flutter in the pit of my stomach , as i feel confused by my feeling for her , and i 'm drawn to her . 
 i kiss her softly on the lips . 
 she pushes me off her as soon as my lips touch hers . 
 `` sean , what are you doing ? '' 
 i feel mortified . 
 i have kissed my best friend 's girlfriend . 
 i quickly apologise before getting up from the sand , and head back to my place . 
 sam ran at my heels . 
 jennifer chases after me , wanting to know why i kissed her . 
 she is n't mad , which i 'm glad for . 
 i tell her about my secret crush on her . 
 she is a little surprised to know i had feelings for her for so long . 
 besides , it did n't matter anymore because i realised i did n't like her in the same way anymore . 
 i beg her not to tell cody what i have done or my previous feelings for her . 
 she promises not to say anything , while i promise never to kiss her again . 
 we head back inside . 
 i decide to eat something before i head over to nicole 's place . 
 i have to find a way to sneak over there without jayden seeing me . 
 chapter 12 ~ nicole ~ sean is on my mind . 
 i feel horrible for walking away from him earlier . 
 i am lost in my thoughts , thinking about the good times i had with him in the last two days . 
 his kiss and the fun times we had made me feel like we have always known each other , even if it was n't a lot . 
 he made me feel like i was worth something , unlike the way jayden treats me . 
 i do n't know if walking away from him was the right thing to do . 
 i wish i had met sean before jayden . 
 my life would have been so much better than it is now . 
 `` so have you two set a date yet ? '' 
 i hear jayden 's mother say to us . 
 our family sat out on the veranda for lunch . 
 mrs mason had put together some sandwiches for us , cutting them up in small triangles . 
 i only ate one sandwich with tomato and cheese in it . 
 i was n't hungry . 
 i 'm too busy staring out at the beach , watching people enjoying themselves in the hot summer sun . 
 i wish i was down there with them . 
 i really do n't want to be sitting here right now next to jayden or with his parents . 
 i turn to face mrs mason , not really sure what to say . 
 `` yes , we have , '' jayden says . 
 `` we 're thinking about getting married on the twenty-third of june . '' 
 i look at jayden . 
 how could he pick a date without consulting with me first ? 
 it 's not like i really care , but the date seemed too soon . 
 everything is too soon . 
 i could n't understand what the hurry is for jayden and me to be married . 
 `` june twenty-third , '' mr mason repeats the date . 
 `` are you sure that 's the date you want ? '' 
 no . 
 i do n't want any date . 
 `` yes , we 're sure . '' 
 `` yeah , '' i say softly . 
 great , in five months i will be married to this jerk . 
 `` have you decided where your wedding is going to take place ? '' 
 dad asks us , taking a sip of his coffee . 
 `` we have n't really decided yet , '' jayden says . 
 please shut up about the wedding , i want to say . 
 i do n't want to get married . 
 not to jayden . 
 i turn back towards the beach , not really wanting to be a part of the conservation any more . 
 sean wanders into my mind again . 
 i replay the kiss we shared yesterday afternoon . 
 i can still feel his soft wet lips against mine . 
 i wonder would i feel them again . 
 i want sean . 
 `` nicole , did you hear me ? '' 
 mrs mason asks me , pulling me out of my daydreams . 
 i turn to face my future mother-in-law . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 what did you say ? '' 
 `` i said i was thinking that tomorrow i could help you and jayden plan your wedding . 
 we could go into town and see a wedding planner . 
 does it sound alright to you ? '' 
 no . 
 i force myself to smile . 
 `` sure , that sounds great . '' 
 `` nicole , is something bothering you ? '' 
 dad asks me . 
 `` you seem quiet . '' 
 jayden turns to me , shooting me a look , which tells me not to say a word about what he did to me . 
 i quickly came up with an excuse to tell my dad so he wo n't worry about me so much . 
 `` i 'm fine , dad , '' i tell him . 
 `` i just have a stomach ache . '' 
 `` oh . 
 why do n't you go lie down , sweetie ? 
 you might feel better later . '' 
 i agree to do so , even though i do n't really want to . 
 i want to sit out here and enjoy the sun , get lost in my thoughts . 
 i feel safer out here because i knew jayden could n't do anything to me while our parents are around . 
 but then again , if i escape to my room , i would n't have to worry about sitting here with them , especially with his mother who just wo n't shut up about the wedding . 
 i stand up to go inside . 
 mrs mason follows me in , asking me if my stomach ache is caused by period pain . 
 of course it is n't , but i pretend it is . 
 she hands me some aspirin and leaves me alone . 
 i do n't take it . 
 i just put it back in the medicine cabinet , and walk out of the bathroom . 
 i glance through the windows that looked out onto the veranda . 
 i watch my family out there . 
 jayden is saying something and everyone laughs . 
 what a poser . 
 i walk back to my room , closing the door . 
 i was going to lie down on my bed , but i decide to go on my laptop instead , logging onto facebook . 
 there is a message in my inbox . 
 i click on it . 
 my stomach does a somersault when i see it 's a message from sean . 
 i hesitate about answering it , afraid jayden might walk in . 
 i click on the message . 
 maybe sean 's words will make me feel better . 
 nicole , i know you might not want to talk to me , but i do . 
 i know you 're scared . 
 do n't be . 
 i promise i wo n't allow jayden to touch you . 
 we can work it out and find a way without him knowing . 
 please meet me at the pier at 7:30 tonight . 
 i smile . 
 i still was n't sure if i should see him , but it might stop my heart from aching if i do . 
 i hope that jayden will do something with matt tonight so i can meet up with sean . 
 i hear footsteps outside my room and quickly log off and close the lid , lying down on my bed . 
 jayden walks in . 
 he grabs his packet of cigarettes from his bag , taking one out and lighting it up . 
 he looks down at me , taking a puff , exhaling the smoke in my direction . 
 i cough , pushing the smoke away with my hand . 
 `` you are n't sulking , are you ? '' 
 he asks me . 
 i shake my head . 
 he sits down beside me , moving his hand under my shirt . 
 he runs it up my side , touching me inappropriately . 
 it makes me feel uncomfortable . 
 i 'm about to tell him to stop when we hear footsteps . 
 he quickly puts his cigarette butt out on the side of my bedside table . 
 he then drops the cigarette behind it , quickly sprays some of his deodorant to get rid of the smell of smoke . 
 he sits back down beside me just as the door opens . 
 dad walks in . 
 jayden acts as if he is rubbing my tummy . 
 `` how are you feeling now , nicole ? '' 
 dad asks me . 
 jayden presses his hand down hard on the bruise i have on my stomach , letting me know to say yes and not let my father know he was touching me inappropriately . 
 i bit down on my lip so i do n't scream out in pain . 
 jayden will only hurt me more if i do . 
 `` i feel a little better , '' i say . 
 `` jayden is just rubbing my stomach . '' 
 dad smiles proudly at jayden . 
 `` that 's good to know . 
 thanks , jayden . 
 i can see you 're going to take good care of my daughter once you get married . '' 
 yeah , over my dead body he will . 
 `` you bet i will , mr fletcher , '' jayden replies . 
 dad walks out of the room , closing the door . 
 he removes his hand from under my shirt and grabs his cigarette , lighting it up again . 
 i sit up just as he inhales and blows the smoke in my direction , making me cough . 
 he gives me a smirk and stands up from my bed . 
 `` i have a date , '' he says proudly as he walks over to the window . 
 just before he climbs out , he turns back to me . 
 `` do n't you dare tell my parents where i 'm going . 
 i will make sure you pay if you do . '' 
 `` i wo n't . '' 
 if i was n't so afraid of you , i would tell them everything that has been going on . 
 jayden slips out the window . 
 good . 
 with him gone , i can sneak out to see sean . 
 at dinner i tell our parents jayden has gone to meet up with matt . 
 i 'm not really hungry , but i eat a bit . 
 i keep my eye on the clock . 
 when it is seven twenty i tell dad i 'm going to go for a walk along the beach . 
 he allows me to go . 
 i head over to the pier . 
 i wrap my arms around myself to keep myself warm , wishing i had brought a jumper with me . 
 we had another storm this afternoon and the temperature had dropped , making it cool . 
 i was n't really sure where about sean wanted to meet me on the pier , but i did see a dark figure pacing around in the distance . 
 i smile to myself . 
 i know it is sean . 
 i walk up the steps and along the wooden boardwalk . 
 there are a few lights lit up on the pier , giving me a good view of sean . 
 i can see how nervous he is . 
 we are the only people around . 
 i walk over to him . 
 sean stops pacing when he sees me , and walks over to me , cupping his hands around my face , kissing me like we had n't seen each other in years . 
 as soon as i feel his lips against mine , i knew walking away from him was a mistake . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i tell him , bursting into tears . 
 `` i should n't have said we could n't see each other anymore . '' 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i forgive you . 
 just promise me you wo n't ever leave me like that again . '' 
 `` i promise . '' 
 sean places his lips over mine again , kissing me passionately . 
 once he pulls away from me , he slips his hands into mine . 
 `` nicole , i know you 're scared about what jayden might do , '' he says , `` but i promise you i wo n't ever let him touch you . 
 we can still see each other . 
 we just have to watch our backs . 
 we have to meet somewhere he ca n't find us . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 i nod . 
 i wrap my arms around him and rest my head against his chest . 
 `` what are you doing tomorrow ? '' 
 `` i 'm supposed to be going with jayden and his mother into town to plan stuff for our wedding , but i really do n't want to go . '' 
 `` then do n't go . 
 come with me tomorrow . 
 i will take you to the cove . 
 if we 're lucky , there might be dolphins there and we could swim with them . 
 jayden will never find us there . '' 
 chapter 13 ~ sean ~ i was so excited about tomorrow that i could n't sleep . 
 i lay in bed , imagining nicole 's face when she swims with dolphins for the first time . 
 i know it wo n't take away the pain she feels , but at least it will take her mind off him . 
 half of me is scared jayden will find out , but i try not to let myself think about it . 
 he is n't going to find out about us . 
 if we ca n't hang out on the beach , then we can hang out around the cove . 
 not many people go down there , so at least we will have more privacy . 
 hopefully the dolphins are there tomorrow . 
 there are some days when they do n't come down to the cove . 
 i get out of bed as soon as the sunlight lit up my room . 
 mum is in the kitchen making herself some toast . 
 she 's surprised to see me out of bed this early . 
 for me , six thirty is extremely early . 
 my mother is such an early bird , always up before the rest of the household . 
 i do n't normally get up until eight , unless it is a school day . 
 it feels weird getting up so early . 
 when living in iceland i used to sleep in on purpose , especially on winter mornings . 
 mum had to drag me out of bed . 
 i grab a bowl and pour some porridge into it , adding milk before placing it into the microwave . 
 once it is ready , i join my mother at the table . 
 sam walks into the kitchen from the laundry where she sleeps . 
 she greets me , standing up on her hind legs and puts her other two paws on my leg . 
 i pat her head . 
 sam gets down and walks over to the glass sliding door , barking , scratching at the door , wanting to be let out . 
 as i open the door , to my surprise i find nicole sitting on the steps . 
 at first , i was worried that jayden had done something to her . 
 she turns to me . 
 sam runs over to her and licks her face , making nicole laugh as she pats her . 
 `` nicole , what are you doing here so early ? '' 
 i ask her . 
 her black eye does n't look as bad as it did yesterday , but it is still visible . 
 `` it 's only seven '' . 
 i figure we could go down to the cove after nine . 
 she stands . 
 `` i decided to sneak out of the house . 
 if i leave later , i probably would n't be able to meet up with you . 
 i did n't want you to think i stood you up . '' 
 `` oh yeah , you have to plan your wedding with jayden today . 
 that must suck , especially when you do n't want to be married to him . '' 
 `` you have no idea how much it sucks . '' 
 `` well , maybe later i can give you my number and if you 're ever in trouble or you have to do those wedding plans , you can call me . '' 
 nicole smiles . 
 `` i would like that . '' 
 i invite her inside . 
 as soon as mum lays eyes on nicole 's black eye , she asks her what happened . 
 nicole explains , telling her the same thing she told me yesterday -- she ran into the door . 
 mum believes her and does n't ask any more questions . 
 she tells nicole to take a seat at the table while she makes some toast for her . 
 half of me wanted to tell my mother the truth about nicole 's eye , but i decide not to . 
 my mum will panic . 
 i do n't want her have to worry about nicole 's personal life . 
 after breakfast we head down to the cove . 
 it 's a ten minute walk from my house to the west side of the beach . 
 the cove is a quiet place not many people go to . 
 everyone prefers to be at the beach . 
 i like to go there sometimes when i want to be a lone . 
 just like i 'm hoping , there is a pod of dolphins , swimming and leaping out of the water . 
 i turn to look at nicole . 
 seeing the smile on her face makes me feel glad that i have taken her down here . 
 `` are you ready ? '' 
 nicole nods . 
 `` i am . '' 
 i slip my hand into nicole 's as we enter the water together . 
 the dolphins take a while to swim over to us , making sure it was safe enough for them to swim over . 
 when they do , they allow us to pat them . 
 nicole was a little unsure about it , but i get her to hang onto one of the dolphins ' fins . 
 it swims around the cove with us on its back . 
 the smile on her face made me glad that i brought her down here . 
 it 's a shame when the dolphins swim back out to the ocean , leaving nicole and me alone . 
 we swim back to shore , sitting down on the sand . 
 `` thanks so much for taking me here , sean , '' she says . 
 `` this is one of the best things i have ever done , and i 'm glad i got to do it with you . '' 
 `` Það er ekkert mál . '' 
 i catch myself speaking icelandic and quickly translate it before nicole says something . 
 `` i mean , it 's no problem . 
 all i wanted was for you to be happy , and not think about anything jayden has done to you . '' 
 a smile spreads across her face . 
 `` i am happy . 
 for the first time ever , i feel happy . 
 i just wish i had met you before i met jayden . 
 i wish you were my boyfriend . 
 i could be getting married to you instead . '' 
 my heart skips a beat when she said that . 
 i feel the same way . 
 i wish i had known her too . 
 i 'm not so sure about the marriage bit , but i knew i would definitely have been a better boyfriend to her than jayden would ever be . 
 i still do n't understand how jayden could hit her . 
 how could he even think about hitting any women ? 
 was he hurting kayla like he does to nicole ? 
 or does he only abuse her ? 
 i return the smile , lean over to kiss her , but do n't get the chance to when i hear someone speak behind us . 
 i feel myself jump out of my own skin , fearing it 's jayden , but then i figure if he is behind us , he would n't say anything . 
 he would just sneak up behind us and pound us both . 
 we turn to see my friends walking towards us , dressed in their swim suits . 
 `` hey , what are you guys doing here ? '' 
 i ask them . 
 i bet they are here to spy on us . 
 `` we followed you here , '' taylor answers . 
 `` we were worried about what happened yesterday . 
 when we saw you two together , cody thought it would be a good idea to follow you two and see where you were headed . '' 
 `` i hope you do n't mind that we followed you , '' cody says . 
 `` we are n't interrupting anything , are we ? '' 
 `` no , not really , '' i tell them . 
 `` i do n't mind you being here . 
 nicole and i are just hiding down here , hoping jayden does n't find us . '' 
 jennifer smiles at us . 
 `` it 's good to see you together again . '' 
 she pauses . 
 `` we saw you swimming with the dolphins . '' 
 `` yeah , it was one of the best moments of my life , '' nicole says . 
 `` i would never have thought i would ever get this close to a dolphin . '' 
 she goes quiet and then in a soft voice that you could only just hear , she says , `` jayden would never do something like this with me . '' 
 i take her hand in mine , squeezing it tightly . 
 cody picks jennifer up . 
 she squeals as he carries her over to the water with him . 
 we all laugh at them , following them into the water to go for a swim . 
 after swimming we decide to get something to eat at a restaurant across from the cove . 
 we sit down at a booth and wait for a waitress to take our order . 
 we did n't have to wait very long for our meals to arrive . 
 we discuss the band competition on tuesday night as we ate our burger and fries . 
 i ca n't wait . 
 it is only four days away . 
 `` nicole , do you think you would be able to come to the show ? 
 it 's on tuesday , '' jennifer asks her . 
 `` i do n't know what 's happening that night , '' nicole says , `` but i will try and sneak out to see you guys perform . '' 
 she takes a sip of her chocolate milkshake . 
 `` so are you nervous ? '' 
 `` maybe a little , '' taylor answers for all of us . 
 `` at the moment we 're actually excited . 
 i do n't think we will be nervous until the actual night . '' 
 `` have you guys ever performed in front of an audience before ? '' 
 `` no , we have n't . '' 
 `` we were going to enter the school talent quest last year when we first got the band together , '' cody says , `` but we figured we were n't quite ready to perform in front of an audience yet . 
 to tell you the truth it feels kind of scary and exciting at the same time . 
 knowing people are going to hear our music for the first time . '' 
 `` nicole , maybe you could enter too . 
 you could sing something , '' i joke as i reach for my drink . 
 nicole whacks me playfully on the arm . 
 some of my drink spills onto the table . 
 `` no ! 
 there is no way you 're making me get up on stage in front of millions . 
 i ca n't sing in front of a large crowd . '' 
 my friends and i laugh at my joke , but our laughter stops when we notice nicole , staring at something outside . 
 i can see the fear written all over her face . 
 cody asks what is wrong , but she does n't respond . 
 we turn in the direction , wondering what is bothering her . 
 walking through the doors of the restaurant is jayden . 
 i feel my stomach drop as fear takes over once i catch sight of him . 
 Ó nei . 
 my only hope is he has n't seen nicole or me yet . 
 i do n't want to know what he could do to either of us . 
 he probably would n't hurt me as much , but i fear the worst for nicole . 
 my heart leaps out of my chest when he starts heading towards our table , thinking he might have seen us . 
 nicole quickly hides herself under the table . 
 i hold my breath until he walks past us , exhaling it . 
 thank goodness he does n't see us . 
 all we need to do now is sneak nicole out of here without getting caught . 
 we decide to wait for when jayden has his back to us . 
 we do n't want to make a scene or make him suspicious . 
 once his back is turned , she quickly makes a dash for the door . 
 she waits outside for us , away from the windows . 
 my friends and i decide to stay behind for a few minutes , waiting for the right moment to walk out to join nicole without jayden even knowing she was here . 
 jayden sits down at a table two rows down from us with a woman with brown hair , which i guess to be his mother . 
 chapter 14 ~ jayden ~ i 'm so going to kill that little bitch later . 
 she is going to pay for ditching me , leaving me to run around with my mother to organise our wedding . 
 what my mother does n't know is that this wedding is never going to happen . 
 i do n't know what time nicole got up this morning , but when i woke up , she was nowhere in the house . 
 the first thing my mother asked me when i entered the kitchen , was have i seen her . 
 of course i have n't , and i did n't care where she was . 
 the last time i saw her was when i came home from my date with kayla , asleep in my sleeping bag . 
 i should be the one ditching nicole , not her ditching me . 
 i wanted to spend the day with kayla , not planning this wedding with my mum . 
 she better not be with sean . 
 she will so pay for it if i catch her with him . 
 i spent most of the morning with mum talking to a wedding planner about booking the canary bay local church , which mum had suggested the wedding should take place , and visiting a florist to pick what flowers we wanted . 
 again , she took control of everything , picking out what flowers we should have since i had no clue about them . 
 i did n't care about them . 
 they 're stupid . 
 i do n't even know or care what kind nicole likes . 
 mum chose pink lilies . 
 to me it was such an ugly flower and colour . 
 lastly , we visited the local bakery for our cake . 
 mum ordered a three-layer cake . 
 once we finished all of this wedding crap , mum decided to buy me lunch . 
 i did n't want lunch and i definitely did n't want to go to some stupid diner with her . 
 no matter how much i tell her i did n't want anything to eat , she insists i eat something . 
 the two of us sit down at a booth two tables down from this group of teenagers . 
 one of them is staring at me . 
 it takes me a minute to realise it is sean . 
 i laugh to myself , thinking about the other day when i beat up nicole for seeing that creep . 
 i wonder what they were both going to do now that they could no longer be together . 
 i glance over at their table just as sean turns away from me . 
 i do n't see nicole there so i 'm pleased for once she has listened to me . 
 i do n't know what she sees in him . 
 he looks like a pathetic loser to me . 
 i turn away from them and look at my menu . 
 mum asks me if i have decided yet . 
 of course i have n't . 
 i scan the menu , trying hard not to listen to my mother go on and on about the wedding , telling me how exciting it was going to be . 
 for crying out loud mum , it 's just a stupid wedding . 
 nicole and i are n't even going to have it . 
 once i decide what food i want , i glance up and look over at sean . 
 he and his lousy friends are leaving . 
 good . 
 i do n't want to see his ugly face . 
 maybe next time i see him i 'll pound his face in for going near nicole in the first place . 
 a waitress soon serves us , writing down our order on her notepad . 
 * * * * * once home , i lie to mum , telling her i was going to go out to look for nicole . 
 truthfully , i do n't care one bit about looking for her . 
 instead , i head down to the pier to see kayla . 
 walking along the beach , i pull out a cigarette , lighting it up . 
 it feels good once i put the butt to my lips . 
 i have n't had one all day and i really need one , especially after my mum made me totally stress out from all this wedding crap . 
 i 'm glad when i get to the kiosk and see kayla there . 
 she smiles at me once she spots me as soon as a customer she is serving has walked away . 
 i jump the counter , cup kayla 's face , and kiss her . 
 `` i missed you , '' she says when she pulls away from me . 
 `` i thought you were n't going to come . '' 
 `` yeah , well i had to do a few things this morning . 
 it 's a shame i missed your lunch break . 
 i thought we could do something together , but now i have to wait until your shift is over . 
 so where 's your mum ? '' 
 `` you just missed her . 
 she had to leave to take my brother to the doctor . 
 she may be gone for an hour or two . '' 
 the thought of us being alone without her mother around brought a smile to my lips . 
 `` hey , are you doing anything tonight ? '' 
 i ask her . 
 `` no . 
 what do you have in mind ? '' 
 `` my friend matt is having a party tonight and i was wondering if you would like to come to it ? '' 
 kayla smiles as she leans over to kiss me . 
 i guess that 's a yes . 
 `` hi , kayla , '' a male voice says . 
 kayla and i pull apart to see a guy i recognise as one of sean 's friends back at the restaurant . 
 that 's weird . 
 i thought i heard sean 's voice or maybe i just thought i did . 
 `` hi , cody . '' 
 kayla stands at the cash register . 
 `` was that you who said hi to me , because i swear i thought i heard sean 's voice ? '' 
 `` no , it was me . '' 
 i take one look at sean 's friend and knew he is lying . 
 he is covering for him . 
 sean probably saw me making out with kayla and decided to hide . 
 i guess he must have known what i was planning on doing to him when i see him . 
 cody orders five ice creams from kayla and then walks away . 
 once he is gone , i lead kayla to the back to make out before the next customer arrives . 
 * * * * * i leave the kiosk and head back home . 
 my parents are in the kitchen cooking dinner . 
 mr fletcher is n't home . 
 he is out getting some chicken for the meal jayden 's mum is making . 
 i head to nicole 's room where i decide to stay until i have to leave for matt 's party . 
 i light up a cigarette and lay down on nicole 's bed , not really sure what to do . 
 nicole has nothing in here for me to do . 
 sure , there is her computer , but i do n't feel like going on it . 
 i could also sit in the living room and watch television , but i do n't want to be out there with my annoying parents . 
 maybe i should ask my parents if i can stay with matt for the rest of the holiday . 
 at least if i was at his place i would n't be so bored . 
 i think about an hour passed . 
 i 'm not really sure , but i lit up my third cigarette when i hear my mother talking to nicole . 
 `` nicole , where were you today ? '' 
 mum is saying . 
 `` you were supposed to come with jayden and me to plan your wedding . '' 
 `` i was ? '' 
 nicole says . 
 i know she is lying . 
 `` i 'm sorry mrs ma -- lillian . 
 it must have slipped my mind . 
 i was out on the beach . '' 
 i imagine mum smiling . 
 `` that 's okay , sweetie . 
 after dinner i will fill you in with the choices jayden and i have made . 
 you are going to love everything about this wedding . '' 
 i roll my eyes . 
 i still do n't get what the big deal is about this wedding . 
 it 's not like nicole and i are really going to get married . 
 i can imagine my mother 's face when i tell her the wedding is off . 
 she would beg me not to call it off , and she would probably lock herself in her room and cry for days because her only child decided he does n't want to marry his childhood sweetheart . 
 well , guess what , mother ? 
 nicole and i are no longer an item , or even friends . 
 `` sounds great , lillian , '' nicole says . 
 `` i ca n't wait to hear it . 
 is jayden home ? '' 
 `` yeah , he is in your room , '' dad tells her . 
 i sit up on nicole 's bed , hearing her footsteps get closer . 
 she opens the door and closes it behind her . 
 i stand up and walk over to her , throwing her against the door , pinning her against it with one hand while i hold my cigarette in the other . 
 i demand to know where she was . 
 `` i was at the beach , '' she says . 
 `` i did n't want to be with your mum , so i left early so i did n't have to go with her . '' 
 i grab her right wrist , twisting it . 
 she winces at the pain . 
 she begs me to let go , but i ignore her cries . 
 `` how dare you ditch me like that ? 
 thanks to you , i missed half of my morning so i could help my mother plan our stupid wedding , only because you decided you wanted to spend the entire day at the beach . 
 next time i 'm the one who will be running off and having fun while you stay here with my mother . '' 
 `` we 're going to have to tell our parents we are n't getting married , '' she tells me . 
 `` we ca n't keep planning the wedding and getting your mother 's hopes up for nothing . 
 she is really excited about it . '' 
 `` i do n't want to tell them and i 'm not going to . 
 and who cares if i get my mother 's hopes up ? 
 she will survive . '' 
 `` how did you become so heartless ? '' 
 `` why ? 
 you do n't like it ? '' 
 nicole shakes her head . 
 `` well , that 's too bad because you 're going to have to live with it . '' 
 i push nicole on the floor . 
 she fell to her knees . 
 i grab her , sitting her up and grab her left wrist , turning her hand around so her palm is facing me . 
 with my cigarette butt , i dab it on her wrist , doing it five times . 
 burn marks appears and i glance up at nicole . 
 i can see the pain flaring in her eyes . 
 i chuckle . 
 i enjoy seeing the pain i put her through . 
 i stand up and walk over to the windowsill , putting the butt out . 
 i throw it out the window and turn back to nicole who is just sitting on the floor staring at me , terrified . 
 without saying anything , i walk out of the room , leaving her still on the floor . 
 she has n't moved an inch . 
 i head to the bathroom to take a shower before mum calls us for dinner . 
 chapter 15 ~ nicole ~ tears fill my eyes . 
 the wrist jayden had twisted was painful when i turn it . 
 it is n't broken or sprained , but it would n't have surprised me if it was . 
 his finger marks are still visible where he had gripped it so tightly , leaving only redness . 
 the burns he left on my other wrist with his cigarette butt feel like it was still burning through my skin . 
 i want to go to the bathroom to run my wrist under cold water , but jayden is in there . 
 i could go out to the kitchen and use the sink in there , but the thought of our parents out there stops me . 
 they 'll ask questions , and i ca n't deal with them right now . 
 i do n't move from the spot where he had pushed me . 
 i 'm afraid to move . 
 i 'm afraid to do anything just in case jayden uses it as an excuse to hurt me again . 
 the only time i do move is when mrs mason calls us to dinner . 
 the thought of going out and sitting beside jayden terrified me . 
 although i knew he was n't going to do anything to me in front of our parents , i 'm still afraid to be near him . 
 i will have to cover up my burns as well so our parents do n't see them . 
 what can i tell them if they ask me ? 
 if they figure out the burns are from a cigarette , they will want to know how it happened . 
 i ca n't tell them jayden smokes . 
 he will kill me . 
 rather than joining my family for dinner , i tell mrs mason i 'm not feeling well . 
 while everyone ate , i hid myself in the bathroom . 
 i turn the cold water on , placing my wrist under it . 
 the water immediately soothes the pain . 
 i leave it under for a long time until it feels numb , and then dab it dry with a soft towel . 
 before leaving the bathroom , i search the medicine cabinet to see whether or not if there is any cream for burns i could use . 
 i find some and rub it over them . 
 i squeeze my eyes shut as i applied the cream , the wound stinging as i rub it . 
 i head back to my room , lying down on my bed . 
 i stare up at the ceiling , thinking of a way to make myself feel happy . 
 jayden walks in about five minutes later . 
 i sit up , watching , waiting for him to say or do something to me for not joining our family for dinner . 
 without saying anything to me , he sneaks out of the window . 
 once he is gone , i reach for my ipod , which i keep in my sock draw beside my bed . 
 i do n't normally listen to it when jayden is around . 
 he does n't like me listening to it for some reason , and tries to take it from me . 
 only giving it back to me , when he has finished listening to it , and usually by then the battery is flat . 
 i switch my ipod on , scrolling down the list of artists until i came across simple plan , one of my favourite bands . 
 their music always makes me feel better whenever i 'm feeling down , especially if jayden has just done something horrible to me . 
 i start to feel better the moment their music began playing . 
 i lay listening to the rock music , trying my best to forget what jayden had done to me . 
 about two minutes into the song , i feel my phone vibrating in the pocket of my shorts . 
 i take it out , smiling when i see sean 's name appear on the caller id . 
 i answer the text he sent . 
 hey . 
 is jayden around ? 
 can i call u ? 
 i reply back . 
 no , he just left so u can call me . 
 while i wait for my phone to ring , i switch off my ipod and put it back in my sock draw . 
 just as i close the top draw , my phone rings . 
 i answer it , pleased to hear sean 's voice when he greets me . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 he wants to know . 
 `` i was just listening to music . 
 you ? '' 
 `` unfortunately it 's my turn to do the dishes so that 's what i 'm doing while i 'm talking to you . '' 
 `` well , i 'm glad to hear your voice . 
 i miss you . '' 
 `` i miss you too . '' 
 he must have sensed the sadness and fear in my voice , because the next minute he says , `` are you alright ? 
 did jayden do something ? '' 
 i look down at the burn marks on my wrist . 
 it does n't hurt as much , since i put the cream on . 
 my other hand , which jayden twisted , no longer hurts and the redness has disappeared . 
 i tell sean what he has done with his cigarette . 
 `` that ... that , grr ! '' 
 sean replies . 
 `` i swear if i could say and think of every swear word in the dictionary to describe him , it would be a never ending list . 
 that 's how much i hate that guy for hurting you . 
 how can he treat you like he does ? '' 
 `` i have been trying to understand what he does since we were fifteen . 
 ever since he and his friend matt had gotten into drugs , jayden has never been the same . 
 i 've never understood why he decided to hurt me . '' 
 `` he does n't have respect for you , that 's why he does it . 
 so anyway , it 's saturday tomorrow . 
 i just want to let you know i may not be able to see you until the afternoon . '' 
 `` why ? 
 what are you doing ? '' 
 `` i 'm volunteering at the aquarium . 
 i do it every saturday . '' 
 i feel sad , but i 'm not sure why . 
 maybe it is because i want to be with him , and i ca n't . 
 wait , i can still see him . 
 i have never been to the aquarium , even though it has been three years since it opened . 
 they built it hoping it would attract more tourists to the bay . 
 i have always wanted to visit it since it opened , but it 's expensive getting in . 
 the summer it opened dad and i were going to go while we were on vacation here , but we had to leave earlier because dad 's mother was n't well , and was taken into hospital . 
 i talk to sean a bit more before hanging up . 
 i leave the room to find my dad . 
 mr and mrs mason are sitting on the couch , watching something on tv . 
 they do n't take any notice of me . 
 i notice the light is on in my dad 's room . 
 i walk over to it , knocking on the door . 
 dad is sitting on his bed . 
 he glances up at me from the book he is reading . 
 `` hey , nicole . 
 how are you feeling ? '' 
 `` i feel much better . '' 
 i enter the room and sit down beside him . 
 `` that 's good to hear . 
 did you have another stomach ache ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` yeah , i did . '' 
 `` if your stomach ache continues tomorrow , i will take you to the doctor to get it checked out . '' 
 i shake my head , telling him i will be fine by tomorrow . 
 i should have told him the truth about why i was n't feeling well , but i do n't . 
 `` dad , i was wondering if you and i could do something together tomorrow . 
 i mean , we have n't really spent any time together since arriving here . 
 all mrs mason wants to do is organise the wedding . 
 i do n't understand why she ca n't wait until our vacation is over . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i do n't understand why she ca n't wait either . 
 i guess it 's because she is just excited that you two are getting married . 
 she is trying to be the best mother-in-law to you . 
 so , what would you like to do tomorrow ? '' 
 `` i was thinking we could go to the aquarium . '' 
 dad agrees to go . 
 i head to bed grinning from ear to ear . 
 all i can think about is introducing him to sean tomorrow . 
 i wake up early the next morning , not caring if jayden wakes up and sees the smile on my face . 
 by eight thirty , dad and i are at the aquarium , joining the queue at the entrance as we waited for it to open . 
 dad pays the entry fee . 
 we walk around , admiring the different varieties of fish , sharks , turtles and other sea creatures . 
 it 's cooler inside than what it is outside . 
 the place is n't too packed and it is easy to view the tanks without anyone blocking our view . 
 as we walk through the tunnels , i keep a close eye out for sean . 
 i hope we get to see him . 
 my heart stops when i do finally see him . 
 he is in the seal exhibit , standing near the poolside with a bucket of fish beside him , dressed in a black wetsuit with the aquarium 's logo on it . 
 two seals are standing near him , waiting to be fed . 
 a baby seal is also there , which i remember seeing on the news a month before christmas when it was born . 
 i watch him , unable to take my eyes off him . 
 dad stands beside me as we lean on the railing that surrounded the pool area . 
 since dad and i were at the other end of the pool , i move to the other end so i am closer to sean . 
 dad follows me . 
 i reach the other end just as sean finishes feeding the seals . 
 i call out to him just as he is about to walk out of the exhibit . 
 he looks up at me and smiles . 
 `` nicole , i did n't expect to see you here . '' 
 `` well , i thought it would be nice to come here . 
 i have n't had the chance to visit since it opened . '' 
 i notice he looks at my dad . 
 `` sean , i would like you to meet my dad . 
 dad , this is sean . 
 he is a friend of mine . '' 
 dad greets him back . 
 `` i will meet you at the pier later , okay ? '' 
 sean tells me . 
 i smile . 
 `` okay . '' 
 with a nod , sean walks away . 
 as i watch him , i knew i had to tell dad my feelings for him . 
 even if i do n't tell him , dad will eventually find out . 
 i turn to him . 
 `` dad , i need to tell you something . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 he looks around for an empty bench for us to sit down on . 
 we find one and sit down . 
 `` so , what do you want to tell me ? '' 
 i take a deep breath , exhaling it slowly . 
 `` i have been seeing sean since we arrived here . 
 i kind of have feelings for him . '' 
 dad stares at me . 
 he has a blank look on his face and i 'm not sure whether or not if he is mad with me . 
 `` so you 're seeing him behind jayden 's back ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` i do n't understand , nicole . 
 if you are in love with jayden , why are you seeing someone behind his back ? 
 do you have any idea what this will do to your relationship with him ? '' 
 i look away from my dad , staring down at the floor . 
 i feel ashamed for not telling him the truth . 
 `` yeah , i know what it can do . 
 it does n't really matter anymore . '' 
 i look back at him , looking straight in the eyes . 
 `` dad , there is something you , his parents and everyone else do n't know about . 
 jayden and i are no longer going out . 
 we stopped dating when we were fifteen . '' 
 dad looks stunned . 
 `` but why did he propose to you if you are n't together anymore ? 
 and why did you say yes ? '' 
 `` he only proposed because his mother kept pestering him to marry me . '' 
 `` nicole , why did n't you tell anyone you were n't seeing each other anymore ? '' 
 because jayden threatened to hurt me if i ever tell anyone that we are n't together any more . 
 he even threatened to hurt me if i ever tell anyone the real reason why we are n't together . 
 `` we were n't sure how to tell people we were n't going out , so we just acted like we were still together . '' 
 i lie . 
 `` mostly we pretended to be together , because his mother seemed so happy every time we were . 
 we did n't know how to tell her . 
 we 're still trying to figure out how to tell her that we are n't really engaged . '' 
 `` well , you 're going to have to tell her before she starts planning more of the wedding , and spending money on it . '' 
 `` i know . 
 jayden and i just have to figure out how to tell her . 
 please do n't tell her or mr mason . '' 
 dad promises not to tell them anything . 
 `` so , what do you think of sean ? '' 
 i ask him . 
 `` he seems like a nice guy . '' 
 he puts an arm around me . 
 `` i 'm glad you have found someone you 're happy with . '' 
 i smile . 
 i 'm glad i 've finally told dad i 'm no longer with jayden . 
 the only thing i still need to do is tell him is what jayden does to me . 
 i want to tell him . 
 i know it 's the right thing to do , but i can hear jayden in the back of my head , telling me what he is going to do to me if i do . 
 his threatening voice scares me . 
 maybe when i feel more like i 'm ready , i will tell dad . 
 chapter 16 ~ sean ~ i could n't wait until the day is over so i can head down to the pier to be with nicole . 
 i was so happy to see her at the aquarium . 
 i was n't sure what her dad thought of me , especially with me seeing his engaged daughter . 
 i hope he does n't ban nicole from seeing me . 
 i head home , and as i reach the front of the house , i hear my name being called . 
 i turn around to see kayla walking towards me , carrying my mother 's cookbook that i gave her the other day . 
 i greet her back . 
 `` here 's your mother 's book . '' 
 she hands it to me . 
 i take it . 
 `` i will see you later , sean . '' 
 she then turns to walk away , heading in the direction of nicole 's house . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 i ask her . 
 `` are n't you coming in ? '' 
 `` no , i 'm meeting jayden in town . 
 he 's taking me out for dinner . '' 
 i want to scream when i hear that jerk 's name . 
 what did kayla see in him anyway ? 
 i swear he better be treating her with respect . 
 i will go after him if he ever lays a finger on my cousin like he does to nicole . 
 i think back to the other day when i planned to tell her about jayden , but i saw him there and stopped myself . 
 i have to tell her about him . 
 i have to warn her so she does n't end up like nicole . 
 he is nowhere to be seen so i know he is n't going to be able to stop me from saying anything . 
 `` kayla , i need to tell you something about jayden , '' i say to her . 
 `` he is n't what he seems . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` i mean , he can be a violent person . '' 
 `` what are you talking about , sean ? 
 jayden is a nice guy . 
 you said so yourself . 
 why are you telling me this ? '' 
 `` i only told you that because he was there . 
 if he was n't there , i would have told you the truth . 
 i do n't want you to be with him . 
 i do n't want to see you become a victim of domestic violence . '' 
 `` domestic violence ? '' 
 i know my cousin does n't believe a word i 'm saying . 
 `` why would i be a victim of domestic violence ? '' 
 `` i do n't know if he would do it to you , but he has been known to act violent towards girls . '' 
 it was all i could say . 
 i knew she did n't believe me . 
 i have no proof , not here . 
 `` he is not going to hit me if that 's what you 're afraid of . 
 what makes you think he is going to ? '' 
 `` i do n't know if he is going to do it to you , but ... '' i 'm not going to be able to convince her . 
 i want to tell her about nicole , but i ca n't . 
 `` well , then he is n't going to . '' 
 i stand there , staring at my cousin , frustrated as i try to tell her the truth about her lousy , phony boyfriend . 
 the conservation is n't going the way i had planned . 
 i hoped she will listen to me and decide to break it off with him , but i forgot how stubborn she can be . 
 i 'm not going to be able to get the things jayden does through to her . 
 she is going to see him no matter what i say . 
 kayla shakes her head as she walks away . 
 i follow her , blurting out some things in icelandic . 
 speaking the language gets kayla 's attention , at least enough to get her to turn and face me , telling me to speak english . 
 i repeat what i said to her . 
 `` for crying out loud , kayla , will you just listen to me ? '' 
 `` why should i listen to you when everything you 're saying about jayden is not true ? '' 
 `` i 'm telling you the truth . 
 kayla , you have only known jayden for a few days . 
 you may think he is nice , because that 's what he wants you to believe . 
 he has n't been telling you the truth . '' 
 i pause , swallow , thinking about the bruise i saw on nicole 's abdomen . 
 i have to tell her . 
 i ca n't let her become one of jayden 's innocent victims . 
 `` you remember nicole ? '' 
 `` the girl you have been teaching to surf ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` yes . 
 jayden is her fiancé , but she is planning to leave him . 
 the reason she is leaving him is because jayden abuses her . '' 
 kayla looks at me , disbelievingly . 
 `` you know what ? 
 you 're probably making this up . 
 you 're jealous of me for hanging around with jayden and not spending enough time with you . '' 
 i stare at her , confused . 
 what has jayden done to her ? 
 has he completely brainwashed her ? 
 why on earth would i be jealous of her for hanging out with jayden ? 
 yeah , we 're close and spend a lot of time together , but why would i be jealous if she is dating someone ? 
 i 'm happy for her . 
 i 'm just not happy it 's jayden she is seeing . 
 `` what ? 
 no , kayla . '' 
 `` yes , it is . 
 i do n't know why you have to be jealous of me . 
 i 'm not jealous of you for being with nicole . 
 i do n't go around telling you to break up with someone . 
 so why are you doing it to me ? '' 
 `` i 'm not doing anything to you . 
 i 'm just trying to protect you from a monster . '' 
 `` jayden is not a monster . '' 
 `` kayla , if you do n't believe me , fine , but i can show you the bruises and scars nicole has . 
 i do n't want to see you end up like her . '' 
 `` sean , i 'm not going to be beaten up by him . 
 jayden is a great guy . 
 now , i 'm going to go . 
 i 'm meeting him and i do n't want to be late . '' 
 i watch as my cousin turns away from me , continuing down the street . 
 i want to chase after her , so i can keep an eye on her . 
 to make sure jayden does not lay a finger on her . 
 as kids , kayla and i were close . 
 we still were . 
 i ca n't stand to see her with someone who might mistreat her . 
 i turn to walk inside , forgetting about kayla . 
 it is her decision to be with jayden , not mine . 
 maybe jayden wo n't beat her up . 
 i do n't understand . 
 if he can treat kayla right , why ca n't he treat nicole with respect ? 
 it just is n't right . 
 i hate him so much . 
 i quickly change out of my uniform and head down to the pier . 
 nicole is leaning on the railing , looking out at the ocean . 
 i put aside the argument i had with my cousin and tiptoe over to nicole , trying not to let the wooden boardwalk creak under my feet . 
 i sneak up behind her , placing my hands over her eyes . 
 `` guess who ? '' 
 i say . 
 nicole removes my hands and twirls around to face me . 
 she is about to lash out , maybe thinking i was jayden , and realise that maybe i should n't have sneak up on her like that , but she calms down once she realises it 's me . 
 she wraps her arms around me in a hug . 
 `` i 'm so glad to see you . '' 
 `` me too . '' 
 nicole lets go of me , turning to look back out at the ocean . 
 i stand behind her , wrapping my arms around her waist , resting my chin on her shoulder . 
 i look out at the horizon , spotting a ship in the distance . 
 `` so , what did you do for the rest of the day ? '' 
 i ask her . 
 `` nothing much , '' she replies . 
 `` after my dad and i left the aquarium he took me out to lunch before heading home . 
 i did n't want to in the house , so instead i hung out here at the pier for the rest of the afternoon . '' 
 `` what did you do while you were waiting for me ? '' 
 `` i have n't done anything really . 
 i have just been standing here and staring out at the horizon . '' 
 `` that seems kind of boring . '' 
 nicole turns around to face me . 
 `` not really . 
 it was totally worth just hanging around here waiting for you . 
 i just did n't want to go home because of jayden . 
 it was kind of nice being out here alone and just thinking . '' 
 i touch the side of her face . 
 `` thinking about what ? '' 
 `` about everything that has been happening in the past few days , and how i 'm hoping to someday be free from jayden so i can be with you . '' 
 a lovesick feeling forms in the pit of my stomach . 
 `` and you will be free from him . 
 i will make sure you will . '' 
 i lean down to kiss her . 
 `` sean , i told my dad about us , '' she says once she parts from me with a smile on her face . 
 `` you did ? 
 what did he say ? '' 
 `` well , '' she tucks a strand of her blonde hair behind her ear , `` he was kind of shocked at first when i told him that jayden and i have n't been together for three years , but he was actually glad i am with someone who makes me happy . '' 
 `` that 's great ! 
 so did you tell him about the things jayden does to you ? '' 
 nicole turns away from me . 
 she does n't have to say anything to me . 
 i know she did n't tell her father about him . 
 `` nicole , you have to tell him . '' 
 `` i know i should . 
 i wanted to tell him , but i heard jayden in the back of my mind , threatening to hurt me if i tell . '' 
 `` he is only doing it to scare you , nicole . 
 can you please tell your dad what he is doing to you ? '' 
 nicole nods . 
 `` okay , i will tell him , but give me a couple of days . 
 i need to think how i 'm going to tell him . 
 i promise i will tell him after tuesday . '' 
 chapter 17 ~ jayden ~ kayla and i have a nice dinner at a french restaurant . 
 at first i thought she stood me up when she arrives fifteen minutes late . 
 she tells me about the argument she had with her stupid cousin , sean . 
 he told her the things i do to nicole . 
 that bitch . 
 she is going to pay for telling . 
 it 's none of his business what i do to her . 
 thankfully , kayla did n't believe a word he said . 
 i smile sweetly at her . 
 she was fully unaware of how innocent i really am , and i will make sure she will never know my secret . 
 no one will ever believe nicole . 
 once i drop kayla off at her place , i hurry home , walking as fast as i can . 
 i plan to bash the hell out of nicole . 
 the more i think about what she told sean , the angrier i feel . 
 i arrive home only to find the house empty . 
 a note is left on the fridge in my dad 's handwriting : nicole , jayden , the three of us have gone out for dinner . 
 we will be home soon . 
 i smile to myself knowing i can do whatever i want to nicole while our parents are n't here . 
 the door opens . 
 i glance up to see her walk in . 
 i hurry over to her , throwing her up against the wall , pinning her shoulders down as i demand to know where she has been . 
 `` nowhere , '' she replies . 
 i know she is lying through her teeth . 
 `` i was just taking a walk along the beach . '' 
 `` you were out with sean , were n't you ? '' 
 `` no , i swear i was n't with him , jayden . 
 i was just taking a walk along the beach . 
 i was n't doing anything else . '' 
 `` oh , really ? '' 
 she is lying . 
 i know she is . 
 nobody knows what i do to nicole , except for matt . 
 `` how the heck does sean know what i do ? '' 
 nicole does n't answer me . 
 i tighten the grip on her shoulders , digging my nails through her shirt . 
 `` jayden , let go . 
 you 're hurting me . '' 
 i ignore her . 
 she has no idea what i 'm planning to do for messing with me , and thinking she can just get away with telling sean . 
 `` damn it , nicole , answer me . 
 do n't you dare lie to me because i will hurt you even more than i am right now . '' 
 `` i-i told him . '' 
 i slap her hard across the face , leaving a red mark of my hand print across her cheek . 
 `` who else have you told ? '' 
 `` nobody . 
 just sean . '' 
 `` you 're seeing him , are n't you ? '' 
 tears fill her eyes as she shakes her head . 
 `` no . 
 i told him what you have been doing just before you caught us together . '' 
 i was going to hit her again , but decide not to . 
 instead , i grab her wrist , dragging her to her room , throwing her onto her bed . 
 i climb on top of her , holding her wrists as i pin them down on her sheets . 
 i see the fear in her eyes . 
 i want to laugh . 
 `` listen to me , nicole , '' i warn her , `` i will hurt you real bad if anyone finds out about me . 
 you do n't want me to go to jail , do you ? '' 
 `` no , i do n't . '' 
 `` well , you better keep your mouth shut . 
 i was n't kidding when i said i will hurt you if you tell anyone . 
 i will even hurt sean if he tells anyone . '' 
 nicole shakes her head . 
 `` no , do n't hurt sean . 
 he did n't do anything . 
 it 's my fault for telling him . '' 
 before i can do anything else to nicole , i hear the front door open , followed by our parents ' voices . 
 i release nicole , quickly getting off her bed before our parents walks in and catch us . 
 i do n't want them to know what we are up to . 
 nicole wipes her eyes . 
 i want to laugh at her . 
 what a cry baby . 
 my phone rings . 
 i answer it , finding matt on the other end . 
 he asks me if i want to come over to his place and get wasted . 
 he has also managed to get more cocaine for us . 
 i accept his invitation , telling him i will be over at his place soon . 
 i know i will have a lot more fun if i spend the evening at his place rather than staying here . 
 nicole will just bore me to death . 
 maybe matt will have some girls over . 
 i flip my middle finger at nicole before climbing out the window . 
 chapter 18 ~ nicole ~ as soon as jayden leaves , i force myself off my bed and walk towards the bathroom to wash my face . 
 i do n't want anyone to know that i have been crying . 
 my shoulders are sore from where he had held me . 
 i can hardly move my arms at all without causing pain to shoot through my shoulders . 
 i 'm just glad our parents returned home in time . 
 i do n't want to know what jayden would have done to me if they had n't . 
 i leave the bathroom and hide in my room , wanting to be alone . 
 i open my sock drawer , pulling out a picture frame i buried in there after we had broken up . 
 i sit on my bed with it , staring at it . 
 it 's a picture of jayden and me at aged fourteen . 
 we were sitting on the front steps of my house , staring at one another . 
 dad had taken the photo without us knowing . 
 it was one of my favourite pictures of us . 
 the picture showed how much love we had for each other . 
 you could see it in our eyes . 
 it was taken two months before i turned fifteen . 
 jayden turned fifteen four months later . 
 everything changed shortly after his birthday . 
 i do n't even know why he changed . 
 i had no idea of it was something i did . 
 i try not to blame myself , but sometimes i do . 
 more than not , i believe matt is responsible for jayden 's behaviour , since he is the one who introduced him to drugs . 
 why do i allow him to treat me this way ? 
 why do i pretend to be with him ? 
 i 'm stupid . 
 i 'm weak . 
 i take the picture out of its frame , folding it up , not caring for creases , and place it in my pocket . 
 i walk out of my room , telling my dad i 'm going to have an early night , but of course i 'm not . 
 i sneak out of the window . 
 i walk along the beach . 
 it 's deserted , just the way i wanted it to be , peaceful with just the sound of the waves washing up onto the shore . 
 i dial sean 's number as i walk , asking him to meet me at the pier . 
 he promises to be there . 
 i stand at the end of the pier , looking out at the dark sea , taking in by the beauty of the night sky . 
 i take the picture of jayden and me out of my pocket . 
 i stare at it before ripping it into a million pieces . 
 i hold my arm over the railing , letting the pieces slip from my fingers . 
 the breeze picks them up , blowing them through the air . 
 i watch as some fall down to the water below , while others just float away with the wind . 
 i wonder where they will land . 
 i continue to stand there staring out to sea , waiting for sean to arrive . 
 as i wait for him , i think of what i am going to say to him . 
 i want to know how jayden knew , and what i had told sean about him . 
 sean is the only person i have ever told . 
 i do n't think he will tell anyone else about it . 
 he promised he would n't . 
 `` is everything okay , nicole ? '' 
 i hear sean approach from behind me . 
 `` you sounded upset over the phone . '' 
 i turn to face him . 
 `` jayden found out that i told you about what he does to me . 
 you did n't tell anyone else did you ? '' 
 `` i told kayla . 
 i tried to warn her about him . 
 she did n't believe me at all . 
 she must have told him what i had said to her . 
 nicole , did he hurt you ? '' 
 i bit my lip and nod , trying not to cry . 
 `` he ... '' i look away from sean , feeling ashamed for allowing jayden to do what he does to me , and not telling anyone about it . 
 i 'm letting him get away with a crime he commits . 
 what kind of person am i ? 
 `` maybe you should n't wait till after tuesday to tell your dad , nicole . 
 you should tell him now . 
 jayden could do something serious and you do n't want that to happen . 
 i do n't want anything to happen to you . '' 
 i nod , knowing he is right . 
 i 'm stupid . 
 i do n't know why , but i want to show sean my bruises and scars jayden has left me with . 
 i want sean to tell me i 'm stupid . 
 jayden always says i am . 
 i want sean to do the same thing . 
 if he does , i will know it 's true . 
 `` sean , i want to show you something , '' i tell him . 
 i walk over to a nearby lamp post , standing underneath it . 
 it 's a good thing there is no one around . 
 i begin to strip , and place my clothes on the boardwalk . 
 sean stares at me with his mouth open wide as i stood there wearing only my underwear . 
 the light from the lamp post shines down on my body , revealing every single bruise jayden has given me over the last few days . 
 i have the massive one on my stomach , which still has n't heal yet , a few on my back , arms , legs and i can already see the yellow bruise forming on both of my shoulders that will soon be purple . 
 my body is hideous . 
 sean steps closer to me , running his hands along my skin as he examines the bruises . 
 he twirls me around so he can look behind me . 
 i ca n't imagine what he is thinking . 
 `` sean , could you please tell me i 'm stupid , '' i tell him . 
 he turns me around so i 'm facing him . 
 `` i 'm not going to call you stupid , nicole . '' 
 `` i want you to call me stupid , sean . 
 i want you to tell me i 'm stupid for keeping this secret and allowing jayden to hit me for the past three years . '' 
 sean looks at me . 
 i can see by the look he is giving me he does n't want to call me that , but i beg him to , and finally he says it . 
 `` you 're stupid . '' 
 i burst into tears , his words stabbing me in the heart , even though i know he does n't mean them . 
 i sit down on the pier , pushing my knees to my chest . 
 i wrap my arms around my legs , burying my face in my knees . 
 sean sits down beside me , wrapping me into a hug . 
 i feel better knowing i have someone who cares about me . 
 i wish jayden was still the sweet guy he used to be when we were growing up together . 
 i want him to be like sean . 
 i remember the days when jayden was always there for me . 
 now he just does n't care about me at all . 
 i just hope sean never turns away from me like jayden has . 
 `` everything is going to be okay , nicole , '' sean replies , rubbing a hand up and down my arm . 
 `` i 'm going to be right here with you . 
 i do n't think you 're stupid . 
 i can understand what you 're going through and why you 're afraid to tell anyone . '' 
 he lifts my chin and wipes my tears . 
 `` nicole , promise me you wo n't wait too long to tell your dad about jayden ? 
 i do n't want to see you get hurt anymore . '' 
 i nod , promising him . 
 i do n't know why , but i want sean to say something in icelandic to comfort me from my fears . 
 `` say something in icelandic . 
 say anything . 
 i just want to get jayden off my mind . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 sean thinks of something to say . 
 `` Ég elska þig . '' 
 i do n't know what he said , but somehow i have the feeling it is something good . 
 it has to be . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 i ask him . 
 `` i love you , '' he translates . 
 i feel my stomach flutter with butterflies , and my heart skips a beat . 
 i have n't heard those three words in such a long time . 
 jayden used to say them and i miss hearing it . 
 it feels more special hearing the words in a foreign language . 
 sean loves me . 
 he helps me how to pronounce the words and i say it back to him . 
 sean smiles at me . 
 i put a hand behind his neck , leaning forward to kiss him . 
 he pulls back from me , grabbing my clothes and hands them to me . 
 `` come on , get dressed . 
 let 's go do something together . '' 
 he stands up , offers me his hand . 
 i take it , stand and then quickly pull on my shorts . 
 `` what are we going to do ? '' 
 `` let 's go swimming . '' 
 `` what ? 
 sean , we ca n't . 
 what if there are sharks out there ? 
 they say you should n't go into the water after dark . '' 
 `` well , that 's the risk we will take . 
 come on , let 's go . '' 
 sean grabs my hand and leads me towards the water . 
 i do n't even bother to put my shirt back on . 
 i dump it on the sand , along with my shoes , wearing only my bra and shorts . 
 i take off my anklet as well , sticking it inside my shoe so i wo n't lose it . 
 sean takes his shirt and shoes off , putting it beside my stuff , along with his phone . 
 we race into the water together , splashing the water at each other . 
 we do n't go too far out because we do n't want to risk getting attacked by a shark . 
 after playing around in the water , we walk back onto the beach where we left our clothes . 
 i sit on the sand , and then lay back , glancing up at the stars above . 
 my view is soon blocked when sean hovers over me , leaning down to kiss me . 
 pulling away , sean lies down on the sand beside me , staring up at the stars . 
 we stay out for a little while longer before heading back home . 
 i do n't really want to go home , but i have to . 
 i say goodnight and head to my window , climbing in . 
 i discover jayden is n't home and i 'm glad . 
 i know he will question me about my whereabouts . 
 i decide to take a shower and change into my pyjamas . 
 as i get changed , i think of what and how i 'm going to tell my dad about jayden . 
 i tap on my dad 's bedroom door . 
 `` dad , i -- '' i start to say , but stop when i see him asleep . 
 he must have fallen asleep while reading . 
 his book is still open on his chest . 
 i did n't want to wake him . 
 i switch off the light and crawl into bed with him , setting his book aside on the bedside table . 
 i did n't want to go back to my room , not when jayden will be in there later . 
 i have no idea what time he will return home or what he will do to me when he does . 
 * * * * * the next day i find the bed empty beside me when i wake up . 
 i get up and start my normal routine , trying to figure out how i was going to tell dad about jayden . 
 i want to tell him when jayden 's parents are n't around , but it 's hard because they are always around , same with jayden . 
 i could probably say something with his parents there , but i do n't really feel comfortable talking with them around . 
 i want to tell dad everything , before i tell jayden 's parents . 
 every time i get close to telling him about jayden , i ca n't . 
 mrs mason interrupts us every time i start a conversation with him . 
 there had been a couple of times when jayden is around , but i just chicken out . 
 i 'm so weak . 
 why ca n't i just tell my dad about jayden ? 
 i know he will make sure jayden wo n't try to hurt me again , but i 'm just so afraid . 
 i keep hearing his voice in the back of my mind , telling me he is going to hurt me if i tell . 
 i do n't know how to get pass my fear of him . 
 i do n't see sean for the next few days , as he and his friends are busy practising for their performance on tuesday . 
 i ca n't wait to see them perform . 
 i just know they will win . 
 * * * * * when tuesday does come , i 'm excited . 
 but my excitement soon dies down when mrs mason says she wants the whole family to go out to dinner together . 
 i have no choice to go . 
 we arrive at the french restaurant mrs mason has chosen around six o’clock . 
 my only hope is i will be able to finish in time , so i can head over to watch sean and his friends perform at the contest . 
 the contest does n't start until seven thirty , but i do n't want to miss anything , especially since i 'm not sure when sean will be performing . 
 i want to stand in the front row and scream the loudest when they perform . 
 chapter 19 ~ sean ~ stage fright grabs a hold of me as i stand backstage with my friends . 
 i 'm sure the fright will disappear once we are on the stage and start to play . 
 we are the last group to perform . 
 we are right after this brunette girl , tori , who is performing a solo . 
 my friends and i are trying not to feel too nervous . 
 we do n't want to do anything that could stuff up our performance . 
 i hope nicole shows up like she promised . 
 maybe the nervous feeling in my stomach will disappear when i see her face in the crowd . 
 she texted me earlier to tell me she was going to be a little late . 
 she had to go to some dinner with her family , but she was going to try every way she could to see my performance . 
 tori came to the end of her song . 
 the crowd cheers , which causes my stomach to gurgle loudly . 
 i feel my phone vibrating in the pocket of my jeans , i quickly answer it . 
 it 's a text from nicole . 
 my heart leaps for joy , replacing the stage fright in the pit of my stomach . 
 i 'm here : -rrb- hope i did n't miss you yet . 
 i ca n't wait to see you perform . 
 i smile at her message . 
 she is here . 
 tori walks off the stage , wishing us luck as she walks past . 
 i quickly reply to nicole . 
 great ! 
 you made it in time . 
 i 'm about to go on . 
 joey , the host of the contest , introduces us and we walk out onto the stage . 
 the crowd cheers for us , even though we have n't started playing yet . 
 that alone gives me a boost until i look out and see the size of the crowd . 
 i swallow , afraid i 'm going to be sick . 
 i wo n't let the stage fridge get to me . 
 besides , nicole is out there , watching . 
 for the sake of the band , i can do this . 
 the audience may be large , but i can handle being up here . 
 i just hope we can please them with our music . 
 i position myself upper stage right as taylor sits at the drums , jennifer takes upper stage left and cody takes centre stage . 
 cody looks back at us , nodding his head to let us know he is ready to start . 
 the audience reaction was instantaneous . 
 they sway and bob to the music . 
 they like it . 
 they like our music ! 
 my stage fright disappears , excitement replacing it with a smile on my lips . 
 i look back at my friends . 
 what will it be like if we become famous ? 
 this feeling is amazing ! 
 `` just go , you mean nothing to me any more i 'm not going to let you get to me get out of my head you 're just a faded memory to me now a faded memory that will never be a part of my life i ca n't believe i was blinded by your love i could never say goodbye before now i know the real you i can easily walk away and let you become a faded memory ... '' i scan the crowd , searching for nicole . 
 i want to see her face and see her having fun . 
 my stomach flips when i spot her . 
 she is standing in the third row in front of me , smiling up at me in a way that melts my insides . 
 we end the song and the audience continues to cheer loudly for us . 
 i look over at nicole and blow her a kiss . 
 she returns it . 
 i did n't want to get off the stage . 
 i want to keep playing . 
 i will do anything for nicole just so she can keep on smiling . 
 joey walks onto the stage holding onto his microphone and an envelope which contains the winner . 
 i stand beside my friends as we stand in a line next to joey . 
 `` well , that was quite a performance , you guys , '' joey tells us . 
 he then invites the other contestants onto the stage . 
 `` thank you all for coming tonight , and thank you to everyone who performed . 
 you all did a great job . 
 but sadly there 's only one winner . '' 
 the hall fills with whispers of who should win the contest . 
 i watch the judges nervously , wondering who they will choose . 
 surely they will choose us . 
 they have to . 
 after ten minutes , one of the judges hands the envelope to joey . 
 the hall goes silent as everyone held their breaths . 
 my friends and i hold hands , waiting to hear the words that will change our lives forever . 
 i can feel it . 
 we are going to win just like nicole told us we would . 
 we have to . 
 i have been thinking when we do win , i will ask nicole to come with us when we go on tour . 
 there is no way i want to see her stay here with jayden . 
 at least when she is with me , there is always a smile on her face . 
 `` and the winner is ... tori ball . '' 
 my heart sinks in my chest . 
 even though i 'm not really keen on winning a record deal , i 'm still disappointed we did n't win . 
 tori , the girl who won , had a great voice . 
 i 'm kind of glad she won . 
 my friends and i walk off the stage , along with the other contestants . 
 we grab our belongings and head towards the exit just as nicole joins us . 
 she greets us , giving us all a hug , congratulating us on how well we played , and saying how sorry she is for not winning . 
 `` i was so sure you were going to win , '' she tells us . 
 `` yeah , i did too , '' cody replies . 
 `` i guess we are n't good enough . '' 
 `` cody , do n't talk like that , '' taylor says , putting a hand on his shoulder . 
 `` even if we did n't win , at least the crowd loved us . 
 that 's the main thing . '' 
 cody nods . 
 `` yeah , i guess . '' 
 `` and besides , '' jennifer replies , `` this is our first contest . 
 we did n't win this one , but the next one we enter we will definitely win . '' 
 jennifer 's comment puts a smile on cody 's face . 
 `` you 're right . 
 i should just be happy we had entered this contest and that the audience enjoyed our music . '' 
 we head back to my place , and make a bonfire on the beach just outside my house . 
 cody plays some chords on my acoustic guitar , singing a song he had written . 
 we sit in a circle around the fire as we listen to him play . 
 nicole rests her head on my shoulder . 
 i have an arm around her shoulder , playing with her hair , which hung loose around her shoulders . 
 i wonder what shampoo she uses . 
 her hair is so soft . 
 cody ends the song he is playing . 
 `` what other songs can you play ? '' 
 nicole asks . 
 `` anything you want me to play , '' cody answers . 
 `` i have an idea , '' i say . 
 `` why do n't you play something for us , nicole ? '' 
 nicole jerks her head up at me . 
 `` what ? 
 no , i ca n't . '' 
 `` of course you can , '' cody says , getting up and walking over to us to hand nicole the guitar . 
 `` but i do n't know how to play . 
 i 'm not musically gifted like you guys are . 
 i do n't even know what the chords are . '' 
 `` that 's okay , '' i say , taking the guitar from cody . 
 `` i 'll help you . '' 
 nicole is a little unsure about playing for us , but she finally agrees to allow me to help her . 
 cody sits back down next to jennifer . 
 she wraps her arms around his waist and rests her head on his shoulder , while cody places his arm around her . 
 i hand nicole the guitar , sitting down behind her so i can get closer to her . 
 she puts the guitar in her lap . 
 i put my hands over hers , guiding them over the guitar , making sure the notes plays perfectly and they do . 
 i start playing the song i played on the day we first met . 
 she glances at me when she recognises the song , smiling at me . 
 i can not stop the smile from appearing on my face . 
 i am in love , and she is all i can think about . 
 chapter 20 ~ jayden ~ i know nicole was lying the moment she said she was n't feeling well when we were at the restaurant . 
 mr fletcher had taken her home while my parents and i stay behind to finish our dinner . 
 she is n't in her room by the time i get home . 
 she is n't anywhere in the house . 
 i do n't know where she is , but something tells me she is with that stupid idiot sean . 
 she can try and lie to me , but eventually i will find out about her seeing him . 
 and when i do , i 'm going to make sean sorry for even looking at her or for flirting with her , making her fall for him . 
 maybe i should really marry nicole . 
 when i do , she is going to be my slave and i wo n't ever let her leave the house , not if she is going to meet other guys who will make her happy . 
 i sneak out of the room , and make my way to meet kayla . 
 she is meeting me here so we can go to a party she invited me to . 
 okay , well it is n't really a party . 
 it 's more of a get together with some of her friends . 
 i do n't have to wait too long for her . 
 as soon as she arrives , i greet her by kissing her . 
 when i release her , we walk along the beach . 
 three houses down to the left from where i 'm staying , a group of teens are sitting around a bonfire . 
 as i get closer , i recognise them as sean 's friends . 
 i see sean there . 
 i frown when i see nicole sitting with them . 
 she 's playing a guitar and sean is sitting behind her , showing her how to play it . 
 i clench my fist together at the sight of them . 
 i hate seeing nicole with someone else . 
 wait a minute . 
 is that a smile on her face ? 
 she is n't supposed to be happy . 
 she is supposed to be miserable . 
 that slut . 
 i will teach her for disobeying me and for lying about her whereabouts . 
 i knew she had been sneaking out to see sean . 
 i hurry over to nicole and sean , trying to decide who i should bash first . 
 kayla walks faster , trying to keep up with me . 
 neither nicole nor her new friends saw me heading towards them . 
 they were too caught up in the song sean is teaching nicole to play . 
 i snatch the guitar out of her hands and throw it as far as i can before grabbing her wrist , yanking her off the sand . 
 the smile on her face disappears and immediately i see the fear on her face . 
 she should be afraid of me . 
 `` i thought i told you to stay away from that moron , '' i tell her . 
 i raise my hand and slap her across the face hard , knocking her flying to the sand . 
 `` jayden , what are you doing ! '' 
 kayla squeals . 
 i ignore her . 
 i 'm about to kick nicole in the stomach when sean stops me , and pushes me aside . 
 `` keep your hands off her , '' he says to me . 
 sean is about to hit me , but i beat him to it . 
 i connect my fist with his mouth , knocking him flying to the sand as well . 
 i chuckle and turn to nicole . 
 kayla and sean 's friends are beside nicole , making sure she is okay . 
 i grab nicole 's wrist and start dragging her . 
 she screams out in pain as i pull on her arm , begging me to let go of her . 
 sean starts saying something in a language i do n't recognise . 
 he yanks my hand away from nicole . 
 i turn to face sean . 
 his lip is bleeding . 
 who does he think he is ? 
 does he really think he could rescue nicole ? 
 and why the hell is he trying to speak another language ? 
 is he trying to impress nicole by showing he can speak more than one language , hoping she would fall for him ? 
 what a freak . 
 he has some nerve showing his face around here . 
 but i think once i smash his head in , he is n't going to be showing his face to anyone . 
 `` what the hell did you just say ? '' 
 i ask him . 
 he repeats his words again , still speaking in that stupid language . 
 `` speak english , you fool , '' i tell him , barely letting him finished his sentence . 
 `` let go of her , you jerk , '' he replies finally in english . 
 `` do n't touch her ever again . '' 
 i chuckle . 
 `` do you really think i 'm going to listen to you ? '' 
 `` i mean it . 
 stay away from nicole . '' 
 i put my face to sean 's . 
 `` who do you think you are ? '' 
 `` who do you think you are ? '' 
 he replies back . 
 `` especially with the way you treat nicole . 
 she does n't deserve the things you do to her . '' 
 `` so you think you 're better than me ? '' 
 i give sean a shove . 
 `` i 'm not saying i am . 
 i 'm just saying nicole deserves better . 
 she does n't need to be pushed around by you and get forced to do things she does n't want to do . '' 
 i frown at sean . 
 stupid jerk thinks he can tell me how i should treat nicole . 
 i will treat her anyway i want . 
 i do n't give a damn if i hurt her . 
 i throw a punch at sean . 
 nicole stands there helplessly like she always does , not quite sure what to do . 
 i guess she does n't believe me when i said i was going to hurt sean , and that 's exactly what i 'm going to do . 
 it will teach her for not listening to me , and it will teach sean for going anywhere near her . 
 sean punches me back . 
 i 'm about to throw another punch when sean 's friends pulls him back . 
 some brunette girl stands by nicole . 
 i have no idea who she is , and i do n't care , but then kayla stands in between us . 
 `` stop it please , jayden , '' kayla tells me . 
 i stop , still keeping my eye on sean . 
 no matter what kayla or anyone else says , i still want to pound sean 's face in . 
 get him back for thinking he can just sweep nicole off her feet with his charming looks . 
 i 'm going to make him regret ever meeting nicole . 
 later i 'm going to make nicole regret for not listening to me . 
 `` jennifer , kayla , take nicole inside , '' sean 's friend with black hair says . 
 `` taylor and i will help sean deal with jayden . '' 
 i recognise the name jennifer , remembering what kayla had told me the other day . 
 i stare at her . 
 she is dressed in black jeans , a blue and black checked shirt with black converses . 
 her long hair hangs loose around her shoulders . 
 she is in my opinion a sexy looking girl . 
 i can understand why sean has had a crush on her . 
 i wonder if he still has a thing for her now that he is flirting with my fiancée . 
 `` so you 're jennifer , '' i say . 
 the girls stop walking and turn back to me . 
 i glance at sean , ready to cause a conflict between him and his friends . 
 `` you know sean , i 'm wondering why you 're with nicole when you like jennifer . 
 oh , that 's right . 
 she 's taken , and let me get this right , by your best friend . '' 
 taylor and the black haired guy releases sean , taking a step back from him . 
 `` sean , is this true ? '' 
 taylor asks him . 
 `` you have a crush on jennifer ? '' 
 sean does n't answer straight away . 
 he turns to his cousin . 
 `` kayla , you promised me you would never tell anyone about the feelings i had for jennifer . 
 why were you discussing my personal life with jayden ? 
 you do n't even know him . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , sean , '' kayla apologises . 
 `` it just slipped out . '' 
 sean walks over to her . 
 `` it just slipped out ? 
 what do you mean it slipped out ? 
 you have kept the secret for six years . 
 did you just decide now to go ahead and tell a random stranger something i did n't want anyone else to know besides you ? 
 who else have you been telling my secrets to ? '' 
 `` nobody , sean . 
 i have only told jayden . '' 
 `` you 've liked jennifer for six years and you never told me ? '' 
 the black hair guy says . 
 i stand there with a smirk on my face , enjoying myself as i watch kayla , sean and his friends argue with each other . 
 maybe after they all finish arguing , they wo n't have anything to do with nicole . 
 she will have to stay with me and she wo n't be able to sneak out with sean . 
 `` i 'm sorry , cody , '' sean says . 
 `` i did n't want to tell you because i did n't want you to feel awkward around jennifer or leave her . '' 
 `` why ? 
 so you can go with her ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` do you still have feelings for her ? 
 have you kissed her ? '' 
 sean goes silent , bowing his head in shame . 
 `` oh my goodness , '' cody says when sean never responds . 
 `` you kissed her ! '' 
 `` it was only once , cody . '' 
 `` once ?! 
 when ? '' 
 `` it was sometime last week , when nicole came over to my place to tell me she no longer wanted to see me . 
 i do n't know what happened . 
 i was upset about what happened between nicole and me . 
 i just lost control of myself and kissed her . 
 i 'm sorry , cody . '' 
 cody does n't say anything . 
 he holds up his fist and punches sean . 
 he does the same thing back . 
 taylor steps in between them , trying to get them to stop . 
 jennifer steps in also , trying to get her boyfriend to stop fighting with sean . 
 `` cody , stop ! 
 please ! '' 
 she begs . 
 cody lets go of sean and turns to his girlfriend . 
 `` you kissed him ! 
 why did n't you tell me , jennifer ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry for not telling you , but sean told me not to . '' 
 `` do you have feelings for him ? '' 
 `` no , i do n't cody . 
 you know the only guy i have feelings for is you . '' 
 `` oh , yeah ? 
 how do i know that ? 
 how do i know you are n't sneaking around behind my back ? '' 
 `` cody , i 'm not ! '' 
 `` you know what , jen ? 
 do n't . 
 i do n't want to hear your apologies . 
 i ca n't believe you would go ahead and betray me like that . 
 we 're over , jennifer . '' 
 he turns to sean . 
 `` and you , we 're no longer friends . '' 
 cody turns and starts walking away . 
 jennifer follows him , tears flowing down her face . 
 `` cody , i said i 'm sorry , '' she cries . 
 `` please do n't go . 
 i love you . '' 
 `` it 's a bit too late to be saying that , jennifer . '' 
 jennifer turns and storms over to me . 
 she gives me a shove . 
 `` you jerk ! 
 how could you go ahead and say that , huh ? '' 
 `` it 's not my fault you cheated on your boyfriend , '' i tell her , giving her a smirk . 
 `` i did n't cheat on cody . 
 i would never do that to him . 
 all i did was comfort sean , telling him not to give up on nicole . 
 i know what he did was wrong , but you did n't have to go and tell everyone about it . 
 it 's bad enough sean felt mortified when he did it . 
 he did n't mean to kiss me . 
 he was just upset and was n't thinking straight . '' 
 `` do you see me caring ? '' 
 jennifer frowns at me . 
 she went to slap me across my face , but i grab her hand before it could touch me . 
 i twist her wrist . 
 she winces at the pain , trying to pull away from him , which only makes me grip her tighter . 
 `` try and slap me again , '' i warn her , `` i will hurt you . '' 
 `` over my dead body , '' i hear cody say . 
 i turn just as cody , sean and taylor walk over to me . 
 cody reaches me first tackling me to the ground like a football player . 
 he punches me in the face . 
 i feel sean kick me in the side of the ribs . 
 i ignore the pain and push cody off me , punching him in his nose . 
 his nose starts bleeding . 
 i sit up and grab sean 's ankle , pulling him to the ground . 
 i 'm about to go for sean when cody pulls me back . 
 taylor and the girls pull us apart . 
 `` jayden , please , just stop it , '' nicole tells me . 
 i look at sean and cody . 
 i laugh at them both , seeing the cuts on sean 's lip and cody 's nose . 
 that will teach them for messing with me . 
 i do n't say anything to them . 
 instead i grab nicole 's wrist , tightening my grip , and start dragging her towards home . 
 nicole struggles , trying to free herself . 
 `` let go of me , jayden ! '' 
 she cries . 
 `` i 'm not finished with you yet , nicole , '' i tell her . 
 `` you 're coming home with me so i can teach you a lesson for lying to me . '' 
 `` you heard her , jayden , '' sean says , pulling my hand away from nicole . 
 `` she said to let go . 
 she is n't going anywhere with you . '' 
 i turn to sean . 
 i guess he still wants to fight , so i go to throw a punch at him , but kayla grabs my arm , begging me to stop it . 
 she starts pulling me away . 
 i keep my eye on sean as we walk away . 
 he slips his hand into nicole 's and i know he is trying to make me mad . 
 i want to go back over there , but kayla wo n't allow me to . 
 `` why on earth did you do those things for ? '' 
 kayla demands when we get half way down the beach . 
 `` i just do n't like seeing nicole with that moron , '' i tell her . 
 `` sean is not a moron . 
 the only person who is a moron is you . '' 
 she pauses . 
 after a short silence she resumes , `` jayden , who is nicole to you ? 
 is she your fiancée ? '' 
 i stand there , not answering her . 
 `` i do n't believe it . '' 
 kayla starts backing away from me . 
 `` you 're using me , are n't you ? 
 that 's why you have n't told me anything about being engaged . 
 i stood up for you when sean told me the things you do to nicole . 
 i thought he was making everything up just so i would break up with you . '' 
 `` kayla , i 'm not going to hurt you . 
 i only hurt nicole . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` i do n't like seeing her happy . 
 she does n't deserve to be happy . '' 
 kayla stares at me . 
 `` you 're the most selfish jerk i have ever met . 
 i ca n't believe you would do those things . 
 i thought you were nice , but you are n't . 
 i do n't know nicole all that well , but i do know she is a nice person . 
 she does n't deserve the things you do to her . 
 no girl should have to go through what nicole goes through . '' 
 she turns away . 
 i grab her arm , turning her around so she was facing me . 
 i kiss her . 
 she pushes me away , slapping me across the face . 
 `` do n't ever come anywhere near me again , '' she replies . 
 `` and do n't even think about going down to the pier to see me . 
 i do not want to see your face ever again . '' 
 without saying anything else , kayla walks away . 
 i do n't go after her . 
 instead , i look back over at where sean and his friends are . 
 nicole and sean are watching me . 
 i clench my fists . 
 i want to go back over there , but i do n't . 
 instead , i head home . 
 i guess i 'll just have to wait until nicole returns home . 
 she may not want to return home now , but eventually she has too . 
 and when she does , i 'll be ready for her . 
 she will be sorry . 
 chapter 21 ~ sean ~ nicole turns to me once we can no longer see jayden or kayla . 
 she rests a hand on my cheek . 
 my face feels numb where jayden has hit me . 
 i flinch as her hand touches me . 
 `` sean , i 'm so sorry , '' she apologises , although she does n't really have a reason to . 
 `` do n't be sorry , nicole , '' i tell her . 
 `` none of this is your fault . '' 
 `` yes , it is sean . 
 i 'm the reason why jayden did this to you and cody . '' 
 `` please do n't blame yourself . 
 i 'm just glad he did n't hurt you . '' 
 nicole gives me a half smile . 
 `` thanks , sean , for protecting me . '' 
 she wraps her arms around me , and pulls me into a hug . 
 i return the smile , proud of myself for protecting her from that horrible monster . 
 just like i promised her i would . 
 we turn and walk over to where cody is sitting on the sand with jennifer kneeling beside him . 
 he has his head down , pinching his nose to stop the blood flow . 
 his left hand is covered in his own blood . 
 taylor runs over to them with some tissues for cody , which he had gotten from my house . 
 he hands them to him . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , cody , '' jennifer tells him . 
 `` i really did n't mean to keep the kiss a secret from you . 
 but i swear there is nothing between sean and me . '' 
 cody does n't say anything . 
 he wipes his nose and then leans over to kiss jennifer . 
 i smile at them , glad he had forgiven her . 
 now all i need is for him to forgive me for accidentally kissing his girlfriend . 
 i can understand if he does n't forgive me , but he has to . 
 i 'm his best friend . 
 well , maybe not any more . 
 i walk over to him , holding nicole 's hand . 
 `` cody . '' 
 he turns to me , covering his nose as the flow started again . 
 `` i can understand if you do n't want to forgive me , but i 'm sorry , '' i resume . 
 `` i was just upset and i lost control of myself . 
 i did n't mean to kiss jennifer . 
 i promise i wo n't ever do it again . 
 and just so you know , she remained faithful to you . 
 she pushed me away as soon as i kissed her . '' 
 cody stares at me for a moment and i wonder if he was going to accept my apology or not . 
 he stands up and embraces me with one hand . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i forgive you , sean . '' 
 he pulls away from me . 
 `` why did n't you tell me you liked jennifer ? '' 
 i tell him the same thing i had told jennifer , about how i did n't want him to leave her or make him feel awkward . 
 he understands me . 
 that 's what i like the most about cody . 
 he can never stay mad at you for long . 
 just as long as he knows you 're telling the truth and you are n't going to do the same thing again , he will forgive you . 
 but if the trust is broken a second time , he does n't forgive easily again . 
 cody does n't need to worry about me liking jennifer anymore . 
 it 's nicole who i like now . 
 after apologising to each other , i suggest we call it a night . 
 taylor puts out the fire . 
 we say goodnight . 
 my friends walk towards the street , leaving nicole and me alone on the beach . 
 `` sean , if it 's alright with you , i would like to stay with you tonight , '' nicole says to me . 
 `` i 'm too afraid to go home , especially if jayden 's there . '' 
 i agree to let her stay with me . 
 my parents wo n't mind . 
 i 'm sure they wo n't . 
 i grab my guitar and slip my hand into nicole 's , leading her to my place . 
 my parents were in the lounge room , asleep on the couch where they have been watching television . 
 they both have a habit of falling asleep while watching television . 
 i 'm kind of glad they are asleep . 
 i do n't want them to see me with a busted lip . 
 i know what they will say . 
 my sisters are in the kitchen , scooping some chocolate ice cream into their bowls . 
 they look up at us when we walk in . 
 `` oh my goodness , '' sophie gasps . 
 rachel walks over to me . 
 `` sean , what happened ? '' 
 `` keep your voice down , rach , '' i say . 
 `` i do n't want mum and dad to know . '' 
 sophie joins us . 
 `` they 're going to find out tomorrow , you know . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 rachel goes to rest a hand on my cheek and i wince when her hand touches me . 
 `` what happened , sean ? '' 
 `` i got into a fight , '' i answer . 
 sophie goes to the freezer , pulling out a bag of frozen peas . 
 she hands it to me . 
 `` here , put this on your eye . 
 it 's swollen . '' 
 i do what my sister tells me to do , placing the bag to my left eye . 
 the cold immediately takes away the pain , numbing the area . 
 `` who did you get in a fight with ? '' 
 rachel wants to know . 
 `` it was with my ex-fiancé , '' nicole explains . 
 `` he did n't like seeing me with sean . 
 he tried to hit me and sean stopped him . '' 
 sophie seems impressed . 
 she gives me a small punch on my arm . 
 `` all right , bro . '' 
 rachel , on the other hand , is n't impressed . 
 she is more concerned than impressed . 
 `` well , the main thing is that you 're okay . '' 
 i tell my sisters i 'm letting nicole stay for the night . 
 i take nicole 's hand and lead her to the bathroom . 
 i remove the bag from my eye , sneaking a glance at my face in the mirror . 
 my lip is cut and a bruise is forming around my eye . 
 rachel is right . 
 even if i try to hide from my parents tonight , they are going to find out tomorrow morning . 
 i wash my mouth out , getting rid of the taste of salty blood . 
 my lip starts bleeding again . 
 i wipe it away with my hand . 
 `` sean , sit down , '' nicole tells me . 
 i listen and put the toilet seat down , sitting on it . 
 nicole wets the cloth that is sat on the sink . 
 she walks over to me , kneeling down and wiping away the blood . 
 `` does it hurt anywhere else ? '' 
 she wants to know . 
 i answer no . 
 the only pain i can feel is the bruise around my eye , and my lip feels numb . 
 `` thanks again for protecting me , sean . '' 
 i smile at her . 
 `` did n't you already thank me ? '' 
 `` i think i did , but i want to thank you again . '' 
 i reach out and touch her chin . 
 we stare at each other for a minute before i lean forward half way she leans in the rest of the way . 
 nicole rests a hand on my jaw line just as our lips touch . 
 i run my hands through her hair . 
 without breaking the kiss , i lift her up and sit her down on my lap . 
 i kiss her deeper , sliding my hand under her shirt , roaming my hand up her side . 
 she does n't seem to mind my hand being there . 
 nicole is the first to pull away , leaving ourselves breathless . 
 i do n't think i have ever kissed anyone like this before . 
 `` Ég elska þig , sean , '' she says . 
 i smile at her . 
 `` so , you 're going to start saying things in icelandic too , are you ? '' 
 `` i might if you teach me some phrases . 
 if you teach me , then at least i would n't have to keep asking you what you 're saying all the time . '' 
 `` i can do that . 
 can you guess what i might be saying ? 
 Ég elska þig líka , nicole . '' 
 nicole stares at me , trying to figure out what i had said . 
 `` i know you said ` i love you ' , but i 'm not sure what the last word is . '' 
 `` i love you , too . '' 
 nicole smiles . 
 `` you do n't know how much it means to me to hear those words , especially in another language . '' 
 i smile back . 
 `` come on . 
 let 's go back to my room . '' 
 nicole gets up from my lap . 
 i stand , grabbing the bag of peas , pressing it to my eye before leading nicole to my room . 
 she stands there in the centre , glancing around . 
 my room is a mess , with some of my clothes scattered on the floor . 
 posters of my favourite bands and football teams cover my walls . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 it 's not as bad as jayden 's room . '' 
 `` by the way , you can sleep in my bed . 
 i 'll sleep on the floor . '' 
 `` there 's no reason for you to do that . '' 
 `` i 'm fine , nicole . 
 i do n't mind sleeping on the floor . '' 
 nicole walks over to my bed and sits down . 
 i join her , still pressing the bag against my eye . 
 `` your parents wo n't freak if i sleep in your room , would they ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` maybe a little , but they should be okay with it . 
 i think they will freak out if we were to try and do , you know . '' 
 everything suddenly feels awkward when i mentioned that , even though i did n't exactly say the word , but nicole knew what i meant . 
 `` um , you should probably tell your dad where you are . '' 
 i say , changing the subject . 
 nicole nods . 
 `` yeah , i should . 
 he does n't even know i had snuck out of the house . 
 i may be in trouble for sneaking out . '' 
 i rest my hand on hers . 
 `` can you please tell your dad about jayden ? '' 
 she does n't answer me straight away . 
 she looks up at me . 
 `` okay , i 'll tell him . '' 
 i watch as nicole takes out her phone from the pocket of her jeans , and dials her dad 's number . 
 `` dad ? 
 ... dad , it 's me . 
 i know you 're going to be mad at me for sneaking out , but i just want you to know i 'm staying at sean 's place tonight . 
 there is also something i have to tell you . '' 
 she pauses , closing her eyes and takes a deep breath , exhaling it before continuing to speak . 
 `` i never actually told you the real reason why i broke up with jayden . 
 i broke up with him because he has been abusing me . 
 i know i have lied so many times about the bruises i have gotten , but jayden is the one who gave them to me . '' 
 she pauses again , tears streaming down her face . 
 `` the bruise i got around my eye , i did n't get it by walking into a door . 
 jayden punched me . '' 
 i hear mr fletcher saying something , raising his voice . 
 i 'm not sure what he is saying exactly . 
 hopefully he is n't mad at her . 
 `` i 'm sorry for not telling you , dad . 
 i wanted to tell you for so long , but i was scared . 
 jayden kept threatening me and saying he would hurt me if i said something . 
 i told sean , and when he found out i had told him , he tried to hurt me . 
 i was lucky you and the masons returned home otherwise he would have badly beaten me up . 
 he ... he had beaten sean up not long ago . 
 he is okay . 
 he managed to get jayden away ... okay , dad . 
 i will see you tomorrow . 
 i love you . 
 goodnight . '' 
 she hangs up . 
 `` what did he say ? '' 
 i want to know . 
 `` he is going to talk to jayden . '' 
 a smile spreads across her face . 
 `` he is kicking jayden and his parents out tomorrow . 
 he is n't sure yet , but he is thinking of reporting him to the police for abusing me . '' 
 i smile back at her , feeling a sudden release in my chest once the truth was finally told . 
 `` that 's great , nicole ! 
 so , i guess we can officially be a couple tomorrow . 
 we can be seen in public and we do n't have to worry about jayden anymore . '' 
 `` yeah , i guess we would be . '' 
 my heart leaps for joy at just at the thought of us becoming a couple , without being in the watchful eye of jayden . 
 `` what are you doing tomorrow ? '' 
 i ask her . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i guess i have to go home and face jayden . 
 he is going to kill me for telling my dad . 
 although i do n't think he will try and do anything with my dad there . '' 
 `` do n't go home tomorrow . 
 let 's go away . 
 we can visit sydney and spend the day together . 
 it will be just us . 
 jayden wo n't be here and by the time we return home , he will be gone . '' 
 nicole agrees we should do it . 
 i ca n't wait for tomorrow and to just see her smile permanently . 
 she will never have to fake a smile or pretend to be happy again . 
 she will be free of jayden forever . 
 i 'm glad she finally told her dad . 
 she deserves so much better than being beaten up by some monster . 
 chapter 22 ~ nicole ~ i slept well that night knowing my troubles with jayden will end today . 
 i can imagine jayden 's face when my dad told him off for laying his hands on me . 
 and his parents , i can just imagine them when they find out that their son is n't so innocent like they think he is . 
 in the morning , i go home to get changed into a fresh set of clothes . 
 i feel a little nervous as i head home , afraid of what will happen when i walk through the door . 
 half of my fear is that jayden will do something horrible to me , but at the same time i know he would n't do anything with our parents around . 
 well , i hope he does n't . 
 he can change and take his anger out on me so quickly . 
 i wo n't worry too much since i know jayden will probably be asleep . 
 no one is awake when i walk in . 
 i tiptoe to my room . 
 `` nicole ? '' 
 i turn in the direction of the voice . 
 dad is sitting on the couch . 
 he looks like he had been there all night . 
 `` dad , what are you doing out here ? '' 
 i ask him , walking over to sit down beside him . 
 `` where is mr and mrs mason ? '' 
 `` well , lillian and marco kicked me out of my room and made me sleep out here , '' dad explains . 
 `` they did n't like it when i began accusing jayden of the things he has done to you . 
 they are sticking up for him and said there is no way he would hurt you like that . '' 
 i glance down at the floor , feeling hurt that the masons would rather believe their own son than believe me . 
 `` they probably do n't believe me because jayden wo n't hurt me when you guys are around . '' 
 dad puts an arm around me , pulling me closer to him . 
 `` i believe you , nicole . 
 i just wish you had told me sooner . '' 
 `` like i told you last night , i wanted to tell you but i was scared . '' 
 dad kisses my head , rubbing my arm . 
 `` well , after today you do n't have to worry about jayden . '' 
 `` so what 's happening with the masons ? '' 
 `` they 're packing their things this morning and leaving in the afternoon . 
 at the moment they are n't talking to me so it 's most likely they wo n't talk to you either . '' 
 `` i think i can live with that . 
 oh , dad , i hope it 's okay , but i 'm spending the day with sean . 
 i do n't want to be here until jayden leaves . '' 
 `` that 's fine , sweetie . 
 is it okay that i ask you this now that i know about jayden ? 
 i need to ask you this to make sure you 're safe . 
 has sean ever done anything like this to you ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` no , he does n't . 
 he protected me from jayden . 
 he even encouraged me to tell you what jayden has been doing . '' 
 dad smiles . 
 `` i 'm glad he does n't . 
 he seems like a great guy . '' 
 i leave my dad and enter my room , being careful not to wake up jayden who is fast asleep . 
 i creep over to my chest of drawers . 
 opening the top drawer , i search for a clean t-shirt to wear . 
 suddenly the drawer is pushed close , jamming my fingers in between the cracks . 
 i 'm about to scream when jayden cups his hand over my mouth . 
 i squeeze my eyes shut and bite my lip , wanting to scream so badly . 
 i open them again when jayden speaks . 
 `` you little bitch , '' jayden says . 
 `` what gives you the right to go ahead and tell your dad about me ? 
 i thought i told you not to tell anyone . '' 
 he removes his hand from my mouth and opens the drawer so i can remove my fingers . 
 i rub them , hoping it would ease the pain , but it does n't . 
 i turn to face jayden . 
 `` i had to tell him , '' i reply . 
 `` i could n't let you do this to me anymore . '' 
 `` i can do whatever i want with you . '' 
 `` if you touch me , i will call my dad in here . '' 
 jayden takes a step back . 
 what a coward , i think to myself . 
 i grab my clothes and head to the bathroom to get changed . 
 once changed , i grab a blueberry muffin on my way out , wanting to leave before the masons wake up . 
 sean waits for me at the front of his house . 
 his sister rachel drives us to the train station . 
 it takes us an hour to get to the city . 
 we get off at circular quay and catch a ferry to luna park , which is a small amusement park on the other side of the harbour bridge . 
 i have been there a couple of times with my dad . 
 we ride all of the rides and play every game stall . 
 sean even wins a giant pink teddy bear at the basketball shootouts , giving the bear to me . 
 i thought it is sweet of him to do that . 
 one of the things i enjoy the most at luna park is riding the ferris wheel . 
 when we get to the top we had a great view of the entire park and the harbour . 
 sean holds me tightly around my waist while i rest my head on his shoulder , enjoying the views and being together as our carriage goes up and around . 
 `` thanks for bringing me here , sean , '' i tell him . 
 `` it feels good to get away . '' 
 sean places his hand under my chin and makes me look up at him . 
 `` no worries . 
 after today , it will be just you and me . '' 
 i smile and lean over to kiss him . 
 after getting off the ferris wheel , we head back to the ferry , returning to circular quay . 
 we take a walk over to darling harbour . 
 it 's around five when we get there . 
 we decide to grab an ice cream before heading back to the station . 
 we stand on the platform of town hall station , waiting for our train to arrive . 
 suddenly the teddy bear is snatch from me . 
 sean and i turn . 
 jayden stands there with matt beside him . 
 he rips the bear 's head off and throws it on the ground . 
 my heart crushes in my chest . 
 why does he have to do this to me ? 
 i squeeze sean 's hand , afraid of what jayden might do , especially with matt here . 
 there are n't many people on the platform for the north shore line . 
 without many witnesses , he can do whatever he wants to us . 
 we have nowhere to go since we are backed into a corner between the stairs and a wall . 
 `` what are you doing here , jayden ? '' 
 i ask him . 
 `` should n't you be with your parents ? '' 
 `` i should be , but matt and i decided to follow you instead , '' jayden explains . 
 `` i heard you say to your dad you were spending the day with sean , and i wanted to see what you two were getting up to . '' 
 `` what is it to you , anyway ? '' 
 sean replies . 
 `` it 's not like you even care about nicole . '' 
 jayden puts his face right up to sean 's . 
 i thought he might spit in his face or say something nasty . 
 instead he punches him in the stomach without any warning . 
 sean clutches his stomach , wincing at the pain . 
 `` sean ! '' 
 i scream . 
 sean goes to return the punch , but jayden is quicker . 
 he takes another swing at sean , knocking him to the platform . 
 i clench my fist together . 
 i know why he is here . 
 he is getting me back for telling my dad everything . 
 `` jayden , stop it ! '' 
 i demand . 
 i go to push him , but matt stops me , wrapping his arms around me , holding me tightly . 
 `` you know how i said i would hurt you if you ever tell anyone ? '' 
 jayden says to me . 
 `` well , i have changed my mind . 
 i 'm going to hurt sean instead . '' 
 sean grabs jayden 's foot and is about to drag him to the ground when jayden kicks him in the stomach with his other foot . 
 i 'm about to scream out to beg jayden to stop when matt places his hand over my mouth so no attention can be drawn to us . 
 i watch in horror as my ex-fiancé beats up sean . 
 he does n't even give him a chance to defend himself . 
 i bite matt 's hand and stomp on his foot . 
 he releases me and i quickly rush over to jayden before he can grab me again , pushing him off sean . 
 `` just stop it , jayden , '' i say to him . 
 `` just because you 're mad at me , does n't mean you can take your anger out on sean . '' 
 matt curses . 
 `` jayden , there 's a security guard . '' 
 jayden glances over at his shoulder where a security guard stands at the other end of the platform , glancing around to make sure no one is causing any trouble . 
 he says something to matt , whispering something to him so i do n't hear it . 
 i can sense in his voice that he is n't finished doing what he had started . 
 he may have stopped because of security , but i know later he will move onto me once i 'm alone with him . 
 i kneel beside sean who is trying to sit up , i help him . 
 the cut on his lip from the previous night is bleeding again . 
 i wipe the blood from his lip . 
 `` are you okay , sean ? '' 
 i ask . 
 sean nods . 
 jayden and matt watch the security guard who soon moves away . 
 at that moment the arrival of our train is announce over the speaker . 
 i help sean up just as the train roars through the tunnel . 
 i stand there holding his hand , trying not to feel so scared or nervous with jayden near me . 
 he ca n't hurt me now . 
 maybe not right now , but i know as soon as we reach canary bay i will be in deep trouble . 
 the train pulls into the station . 
 sean and i head towards a carriage with matt and jayden behind us . 
 the entire ride back to canary bay is awkward . 
 no one spoke . 
 in my mind , all i can think is what jayden is going to do to me . 
 the sun is setting when we reach canary bay . 
 we catch a bus from the station to the beach . 
 as soon as the bus drives away once we get off , jayden turns to sean , punching him in the face . 
 we have not even taken one step after the bus leave and he starts his attack again . 
 `` do n't you dare follow us , you moron , '' jayden threatens sean . 
 `` do n't even think about laying a finger on her , '' sean warns . 
 `` what are you going to do about it ? '' 
 `` i will come after you . '' 
 jayden laughs , punching sean in his jaw . 
 he takes a swing at jayden , but barely gets to touch him has his wrist is grab and twisted . 
 he tries not to show that he is in pain in front of me , but i know how much jayden is hurting him . 
 sean may have not been strong with his left arm , but he punches jayden the best he can with it . 
 he strikes him in the jaw . 
 jayden releases sean and knocks him flying to the ground . 
 `` yeah , i 'd like to see you come after me , '' jayden replies . 
 `` now , i 'm going to take nicole home and you 're not going to follow us , you hear me ? '' 
 sean does n't say anything . 
 jayden and matt grab my arms and drag me , making me walk with them . 
 i glance back at sean , wanting to run back to him , but there is no way i can free myself from their grip . 
 their fingernails are digging into my skin , holding onto me tightly . 
 sean has gotten off the ground and is watching me , keeping an eye on me just in case jayden or matt tries to do anything . 
 jayden does n't do anything to me , thank goodness . 
 he just drags me home . 
 just before we go inside , he tells matt he will meet up with him down at the pier . 
 jayden is going to sneak out later so he does n't have to leave with his parents . 
 we walk inside and find the masons sitting on the couch , and dad in the kitchen , sipping his coffee . 
 jayden 's parents stand up from the couch . 
 `` where have you been , jayden ? '' 
 mr mason yells . 
 `` have you forgotten that we 're leaving this afternoon ? '' 
 `` i 'm aware , '' jayden replies . 
 `` did you even pack your things this morning ? '' 
 mrs mason asks . 
 `` no , i went looking for nicole . '' 
 dad puts his mug down and walks over to jayden . 
 `` i thought i told you to keep away from my daughter ? '' 
 `` reilly , do n't you dare talk to my son like that , '' mr mason says . 
 `` jayden , get your things so we can leave . '' 
 jayden walks towards my room . 
 our parents do n't say anything else to each other . 
 mr mason goes to sit back down with his wife as dad turns to me . 
 `` he did n't touch you , did he ? '' 
 dad lowers his voice so the masons ca n't hear him . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` no , he did n't , but he did beat up sean . '' 
 `` right , after the masons leave , you and i are going down to the police station to file a report . 
 you can even ask sean to come with us . '' 
 i agree to do that . 
 i walk away from dad and head towards the bathroom without making any eye contact with the masons . 
 i 'm about to enter the bathroom when i 'm suddenly grab from behind and a hand cups over my mouth . 
 jayden pulls me into my room , closing the door and throws me up against the wall . 
 `` you 're so going to pay for telling your dad on me , bitch , '' he threatens . 
 `` i know you told me not to tell anyone , jayden , but i could n't let you do this to me anymore . '' 
 `` who told you to tell on me ? 
 i bet it was sean , was n't it ? '' 
 `` no , it was n't . 
 it was my idea to do it . '' 
 jayden slaps me hard across the face . 
 the left side of my cheek burns from the contact . 
 `` please do n't do this , jayden . 
 i will do anything if you just leave me alone . '' 
 `` it 's a little too late for that now , is n't it ? '' 
 i do n't say anything . 
 i just push him away and reach for the door knob , but jayden stops me , blocking my path . 
 `` where do you think you 're going ? '' 
 jayden demands to know . 
 `` i wan na go outside . '' 
 `` why ? 
 so you can tell your daddy what i am doing to you ? '' 
 `` no , i promise i wo n't tell my dad anything . 
 i just want to go outside . '' 
 `` and i want you to stay here with me . '' 
 jayden locks the door . 
 he turns back to me , giving me a smirk . 
 my pulse races . 
 what is he going to do to me ? 
 no one can help me . 
 i 'm on my own , even if i wish sean is here with me right now . 
 jayden pushes me up against the wall and leans forward , crushing his body against mine so i ca n't move , placing his lips on mine . 
 i do n't return the kiss . 
 he slips a hand under my shirt and rubs it up my side . 
 he attempts to pull my shirt off , but i manage to push him off before he can go any further , shoving him into the cupboard behind him . 
 the cupboard rocks back and forward , a few books and a dolphin figurine falls off the shelf , smashing to pieces when it lands on the carpet . 
 `` jayden ? 
 nicole ? '' 
 i hear mrs mason say . 
 `` is everything alright in there ? '' 
 i want to go out the door , but there is no way i can get out of it with jayden standing there . 
 i make a run for it , running over to the window . 
 it 's already open and i climb through . 
 jayden grabs my ankle , trying to pull me back in by my leg . 
 i managed to push him off and quickly climb through with the other leg before jayden gets the chance to grab me again . 
 he follows me out , running after me . 
 i run towards the front door . 
 he catches up with me before i get the chance to open the door , tackling me to the ground . 
 pain shot through my shoulder as i hit the floorboard hard . 
 `` do n't make me hurt you , nicole , '' he says . 
 `` and this time when i do , your boyfriend sean is n't going to be here to save you . '' 
 his strength is too strong for me to push him off , so i kick him in his crotch with my knee . 
 he rolls off me , crying out , and lies flat on his back beside me . 
 i get up and run , heading towards the beach . 
 i glance back and see my dad walking outside . 
 he calls out to me , but i keep running . 
 i have to get as far away as i can from jayden . 
 i do n't want to go back home until i 'm sure he is n't around to harm me . 
 chapter 23 ~ sean ~ i take my time walking home . 
 every part of my body aches from jayden 's beating , but right now i 'm not concerned about my injuries . 
 i 'm more worried about nicole . 
 i hope jayden is just going to take her home and is n't going to do anything to her . 
 i know when they do get home jayden might not harm her , but i 'm still worried . 
 anything can happen . 
 i walk inside , hoping i can sneak to my room without my parents seeing me . 
 they still have n't seen the bruise around my eye yet , since i left the house early this morning before they had any chance to ask questions . 
 i know they still will , but i do n't want them to panic over it . 
 how can i avoid being seen , i was n't quite sure yet . 
 i know they are bound to find out sooner or later . 
 sam runs over to greet me . 
 i kneel down to pat her . 
 `` sean , is that you ? '' 
 i hear mum calling from the kitchen . 
 `` yeah , it 's me . '' 
 `` dinner is on the table . '' 
 i do n't really want to join my family for dinner . 
 i tell them i will be there in a second , and sneak off to my sisters ' room to use their make-up to cover up the bruise . 
 i 'm not sure how to disguise my lip . 
 if i do cover up the bruise , mum and my sisters will notice i 'm wearing foundation . 
 like rachel said last night , my parents will find out one way or another . 
 i walk into the kitchen with sam trailing behind me , preparing myself for my parents ' reaction . 
 mum is the first to look my way and when she does , she gasps . 
 `` sean ! 
 what happened to you ? '' 
 my entire family are now looking at me . 
 rachel and sophie do n't say anything since they already know what had happened , although they do n't know about this afternoon . 
 `` nothing happened , '' i say , not wanting to explain anything to them . 
 i walk over to the counter and grab my dinner mum had left out for me . 
 she has cooked spaghetti . 
 i put it in the microwave , setting it on for two minutes . 
 `` it does n't look like nothing happened , '' dad says . 
 `` it looks like you 've been beaten up . '' 
 i do n't say anything . 
 `` sean , is there something going on that we should know about ? '' 
 mum asks . 
 i continue to ignore my mother . 
 `` sean , answer your mother and me when we 're talking to you , '' dad says . 
 `` did you get into a fight with someone ? '' 
 `` it 's nothing , '' i tell them , but i know they are n't going to stop pestering me until i tell them the truth , but i 'm afraid to tell them . 
 they might forbid me from seeing nicole just in case i get into another fight with jayden . 
 the microwave beeps , letting me know it has finished heating up my food . 
 i take it out and sit down next to sophie , digging at my food with my fork and stuffing as much as i could in my mouth as i could to avoid talking . 
 `` sean , you need to tell us what happened , '' dad continues . 
 `` disguising your bruise with foundation is n't going to make us think that everything is okay . '' 
 i do n't need to tell you anything , i want to say . 
 i feel my phone vibrating in my pocket . 
 i quickly reach for it , ignoring my parents ' rule about answering the phone while eating dinner . 
 i do n't care about it . 
 i just want to know who is texting me , in case it 's nicole . 
 and it is nicole . 
 `` sean , you know the rules , '' mum says . 
 `` no phones at the table . '' 
 `` i know , but it 's important , '' i answer . 
 `` sean , listen to your mother . '' 
 i ignore both of my parents and answer the message . 
 he hit me again ! 
 my dad has stopped him , but i 'm afraid he is going to come after me again . 
 i 'm heading down to the pier to hide . 
 please meet me there . 
 i 'm scared sean . 
 `` sean , are you listening ? '' 
 i sense the anger in my dad 's voice and know he is getting ready to yell . 
 i stand up from the table . 
 `` i have to go . '' 
 my parents ask me where i 'm going , but i ignore them , walking out the back door . 
 i hear dad 's chair scraping across the tile floor and know he is coming after me . 
 i run down the steps , running across the sand towards the pier , hoping he is n't going to catch me . 
 i get half way down the beach and turn to see if dad is chasing me . 
 he is n't . 
 i look up ahead , hoping to see nicole walking along the beach , but i ca n't see anything in the dark . 
 continuing to run without stopping to catch my breath , i stroll down my contact list for cody 's name and select it . 
 it dials . 
 `` cody , i need ... you to call ... taylor and jennifer ... for me , '' i panted . 
 `` i need you ... three to meet ... me down at ... the pier . '' 
 `` why ? 
 sean , what 's happening ? 
 are you running ? '' 
 i quickly explain to him about the text message nicole sent me . 
 i even tell him how worried i am that something bad might happen if jayden finds her . 
 i want my friends there just in case i need back up . 
 cody promises me he will call the others and then meet down at the pier . 
 i hang up , stopping only for a minute to place my phone in my pocket , and then continue the run . 
 hopefully i can reach nicole before jayden does . 
 chapter 24 ~ nicole ~ i walk up the steps of the pier , looking over my shoulder to make sure jayden is n't following . 
 he is n't , but i know he probably is n't far behind . 
 i sit down on a bench to catch my breath , keeping an eye out for sean . 
 i 'm hoping he will be here soon . 
 i just know he is . 
 he will protect me from jayden . 
 `` where 's jayden ? '' 
 i look up as my heart tries to leap out of me , trapping itself in my throat . 
 matt is standing beside me , smoking a cigarette . 
 he drops the butt on the ground and puts it out with his foot . 
 i had forgotten he was meeting jayden down here . 
 i stand up from the bench . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i lost him on my way here . '' 
 `` matt ! '' 
 this time my heart completely stops . 
 jayden walks towards us . 
 he has a smirk on his face when he sees me with matt . 
 `` hey , jay , '' he says . 
 `` did you have trouble escaping ? '' 
 `` i did . 
 mr fletcher tried to stop me , but i managed to ditch him . 
 i hid from him when he came looking for me . '' 
 `` what do you think he is going to do to you when he does find you ? '' 
 `` that dumb moron is n't going to do anything , because he is n't going to find me . 
 he probably gave up anyway . '' 
 it hurts me to hear him say those things about my dad . 
 i know him . 
 he would n't just quit . 
 he will find me , protecting me from this horrible monster who i thought had always loved me . 
 `` no , he would n't . 
 my dad wo n't stop looking for you . 
 he will find you and make sure you do n't ever lay a finger on me again . '' 
 jayden turns to me . 
 i step backwards as he and matt takes steps forward . 
 sean , dad , where are you ? 
 `` is that so , nicole ? '' 
 he asks me , chuckling . 
 `` well , where is your dad ? 
 i do n't see him anywhere . '' 
 i turn and start running to the end of the pier . 
 i stop when i reach the end . 
 i do n't know what to do or where to go . 
 i realise my mistake about coming here . 
 i should have gone back to the house . 
 i should have gone back when dad called out to me . 
 i should have hidden at sean 's . 
 anywhere but here . 
 `` forget about running , nicole , '' jayden tells me . 
 `` there is nowhere to run . '' 
 i stand there , terrified , knowing jayden can do anything and no one will ever know . 
 no one is around to hear me scream . 
 `` please just leave me alone , jayden , '' i beg . 
 `` look , i 'm sorry for telling on you , but i just could n't let you continue to do the things you were doing to me . 
 it is n't right , jayden . '' 
 jayden steps forward . 
 i press my back up against the railing behind me as he moves closer to me . 
 he raises his hand to hit me , but stops when someone screams out in a foreign language . 
 i recognise the voice straight away . 
 i glance over jayden 's shoulder and smile . 
 i see sean running towards us . 
 i have no idea what he said , but i have an idea of what he might be saying , telling jayden to leave me alone . 
 he gets at least a metre from us when matt grabs him , holding him back so he ca n't reach me . 
 he struggles to free himself as matt tightens his grip around him . 
 `` sean ! '' 
 i scream , pushing jayden out of the way and attempt to run over to him as jayden grabs me around the waist so i ca n't go anywhere . 
 `` where do you think you 're going , nicole ? '' 
 he asks me . 
 sean says something in icelandic . 
 `` speak english , you twit , '' jayden tells him . 
 `` i said , leave her alone ! 
 let her go , jayden , '' sean translates . 
 jayden laughs . 
 `` do you really think i 'm going to listen to you , especially when you stole my fiancée ? '' 
 `` i did n't steal her . 
 she came to me . 
 nicole chose to be with me . '' 
 `` is that so ? 
 well , i 'm telling you to get lost and mind your own business . '' 
 `` nei . '' 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 `` no ! 
 i 'm not going to mind my own business . '' 
 jayden releases me and walks over to sean . 
 he punches him in the stomach . 
 i cry out to sean , running over to jayden to pull him away , begging him not to hurt sean . 
 he pushes me to the ground . 
 `` shut up , you slut , '' he says to me . 
 he is about to strike me , but sean stops him . 
 `` do n't you dare touch her , jayden , '' sean warns . 
 jayden turns to face him . 
 `` instead of hitting nicole , hit me . 
 she does n't deserve to be treated like this , getting mistreated just because she does something wrong or because her fiancé is a jerk . '' 
 jayden does n't like the things sean said to him . 
 he stands in front of him , clenching his fist . 
 `` so you think you 're a better boyfriend than i am ? '' 
 he questions . 
 `` well , at least i do n't go around hitting nicole . 
 it 's wrong to hit her . '' 
 jayden held up his fist and punches sean . 
 `` stop it , jayden , '' i tell him . 
 he turns to me , giving me a sneaky smirk . 
 i know he is up to something . 
 i 'm too afraid to know what it is . 
 he grabs my arm , yanking me off the ground . 
 he turns to sean . 
 `` so sean , do you think you can come over here to rescue nicole from me ? '' 
 `` yes , i can . '' 
 `` well , let 's see if you can rescue her when i do this . '' 
 jayden pulls me along to the end of the pier . 
 i struggle to free myself and each time i do , jayden tightens his grip . 
 i 'm terrified he is going to break my wrist . 
 he lifts me off the ground . 
 `` put me down , jayden ! '' 
 i scream as i struggle to free myself . 
 `` sean , help ! '' 
 sean stamps his foot down hard on matt 's foot . 
 matt yelps and releases sean from his grip . 
 he runs towards me , but does n't get far before matt grabs him again . 
 jayden sits me down on the railing . 
 tears fill my eyes . 
 `` whatever you 're thinking of doing , please do n't do it , jayden , '' i beg him . 
 jayden does n't say anything . 
 he just smirks and places his hands on my chest , pushing me . 
 i grab hold of the railing for balance . 
 he removes my hands and pushes me once again . 
 this time i am unable to grab anything for balance . 
 `` nicole ! '' 
 sean screams . 
 i scream as i go over the edge , panicking , as i ca n't grab onto anything . 
 i hit the water hard . 
 it 's dark beneath the water . 
 i ca n't see a thing . 
 i ca n't hear , only feel the vibration of the waves as they crash into shore , pushing me around like i 'm inside a washing machine . 
 i make my way to the surface to breathe , but i ca n't . 
 i 'm stuck . 
 i look down to try and see what is stopping me , but i ca n't see in the darkness . 
 i think my anklet is caught on something . 
 i struggle to free my foot , but i ca n't get it free . 
 i begin to panic , afraid i 'm not going to reach the surface in time . 
 chapter 25 ~ sean ~ `` let go of me ! '' 
 i scream at matt , but he wo n't listen to me . 
 he holds onto me more tightly so i ca n't free myself . 
 `` why ? '' 
 jayden says , turning to me . 
 `` so you can save nicole . 
 she can swim you know , it 's not like she needs to be save . '' 
 i narrow my eyes at him , clenching my fist . 
 i do n't think i have ever felt so angry in my life . 
 i 'm going to kill jayden . 
 what kind of heartless person is he ? 
 `` she could be hurt , jayden , '' i tell him . 
 jayden walks over to me . 
 `` she is n't hurt . 
 she just wants to be hurt so you can jump in and rescue her . '' 
 he stands in front of me . 
 i 'm sure he is going to punch me again . 
 `` for crying out loud , jayden , '' i say through my teeth , trying to control my anger . 
 he is lucky matt is holding me back otherwise , i would be all over jayden right now . 
 `` let me go . '' 
 `` let him go ! '' 
 someone pulls me away from matt . 
 i look up to see mr fletcher , holding onto a flash light . 
 he must have been looking for nicole . 
 as soon as jayden lays eyes on nicole 's father , his personality changes . 
 he is no longer tough in front of him . 
 mr fletcher grabs jayden by his shoulders . 
 `` where is nicole , jayden ? '' 
 jayden does n't say anything . 
 `` you better tell me where my daughter is , and you better not have touched her . '' 
 i run to the end of the pier , leaning on the railing and looking down at the water . 
 i ca n't see nicole at all . 
 i call for her , but there is no answer from her . 
 fear rushes over me . 
 what if something horrible has happened to her ? 
 mr fletcher runs over to me . 
 `` where 's nicole , sean ? '' 
 `` she 's somewhere down there . 
 jayden threw her in . 
 i do n't think she has resurfaced yet . '' 
 mr fletcher starts climbing over the railing , but i stop him . 
 i tell him i 'm going to jump in and find her . 
 `` she 's my daughter , sean , '' he says . 
 `` i know , but i can do this . '' 
 mr fletcher looks over in matt and jayden 's direction . 
 the two of them are starting to walk away . 
 he turns to me , handing me his torch . 
 `` find her , sean . '' 
 he runs after jayden . 
 `` jayden , matt , get back here ! '' 
 i climb over the railing and jump into the water . 
 i hold my breath as i search for nicole . 
 the waves push me back and forth . 
 i 'm glad mr fletcher has brought a torch with him . 
 i shine the torch around , i ca n't see her , and then , finally i spot her . 
 she is struggling to stay afloat , and i see her slip under the water . 
 i swim over to her , holding my breath . 
 bring her to the surface , but she gurgles that she 's stuck . 
 i shine the light on her ankle , and i see that her anklet is caught on a piece of chicken wire . 
 i tug on it , freeing it from the wire , wrapping my arm around nicole and quickly resurface before i pass out myself . 
 chapter 26 ~ jayden ~ matt and i make a run for it , but we do n't get very far . 
 mr fletcher catches up to us , grabbing onto the back of our shirts . 
 he lets go of matt , yells at him not to leave . 
 he then grabs me by the shoulders . 
 i 'm normally not frightened of nicole 's dad . 
 he has always been calm and friendly , he rarely ever gets angry , but tonight is a different story . 
 he looks like he wants to kill me . 
 `` what did you do to nicole , jayden ? '' 
 he demands to know . 
 `` well , like sean said , i threw her in the water , '' i say , finally finding my voice . 
 `` what gives you the right to do the things you have done to my daughter ? '' 
 i let a smirk cross my face . 
 `` she is a slut . 
 she deserves everything i have done to her . '' 
 reilly tightens the grip on my shoulders . 
 totally unaware of what he is going to do to me , he slams me into the light pole behind me . 
 i bang my head against it . 
 pain throbs behind my head . 
 i 'm sure i will get a lump later . 
 `` do n't you dare speak that way about my daughter , '' mr fletcher screams at me . 
 `` she 's not a slut . '' 
 `` oh yeah ? '' 
 i reply , still unable to remove the smirk from my face , ignoring the pounding pain at the back of my head . 
 although i 'm scared of mr fletcher , i still enjoying making him mad . 
 `` if she is n't a slut , then why did she cheat on me ? '' 
 `` she did n't cheat on you , jayden . 
 nicole told me you guys stopped seeing each other . 
 you know , if i knew the way you treated her , i would have made nicole end your relationship a long time ago . 
 real or fake , i would n't have let her suffer the things you have done to her . '' 
 `` help ! '' 
 we hear screaming coming from under the pier . 
 it 's sean . 
 he sounds like he is in trouble or something . 
 he 's probably drowning . 
 i can not help but wonder what nicole is doing . 
 `` sean ! '' 
 another voice screams . 
 i recognise the voice as one of sean 's friends . 
 i think it is cody . 
 i glance over my shoulder . 
 i see sean 's friends running across the beach and under the pier . 
 mr fletcher grabs my arm and matt 's , dragging us along as he hurries to see what is going on . 
 sean 's friends are under the pier . 
 jennifer is crying into cody 's shoulders . 
 what a baby . 
 i 'm sure there is no reason to cry over whatever has happened . 
 cody is trying to comfort his girlfriend while taylor is on the phone , calling for an ambulance . 
 sean is kneeling down on the sand beside nicole , doing cpr on her . 
 `` come on , nicole , '' he begs . 
 `` open your eyes , please ! '' 
 mr fletcher releases matt and me , running the rest of the way over to nicole 's lifeless body . 
 although matt and i do n't really care , we run over to them to see what is happening . 
 nicole lies on the sand unconscious . 
 all i did is throw her in the water . 
 she was n't supposed to drown . 
 i 'm sure she knows how to swim . 
 maybe she is faking the whole thing . 
 she is probably faking it so sean can save her . 
 bitch . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 mr fletcher wants to know . 
 tears flow down sean 's face . 
 his hands are over nicole 's chest , pressing them up and down to try and get her heart pumping again . 
 he chokes out , `` her anklet was caught on a piece of chicken wire under the water . '' 
 mr fletcher kneels down beside his daughter . 
 he softly slaps nicole 's cheek , hoping it would get her to wake up . 
 `` come on , nicole . 
 open your eyes please , baby . 
 if you ca n't open your eyes then say or move something so we know you 're alive . '' 
 matt and i stand there helplessly . 
 there is n't really anything for us to do . 
 anyway , it 's not like i really care about what is happening to nicole . 
 i 'm enjoying it . 
 i want to laugh at them . 
 they both thought they could out smart me by sneaking around to see each other , without me knowing . 
 they thought they could tell on me to nicole 's dad , and because she never listens to me when i tell her not to tell anyone how i treat her , this is her punishment . 
 i warned her i would hurt her and she chose to ignore my warnings . 
 still , i did n't expect her to drown . 
 oh well , i guess sean did n't do a good enough job trying to save her . 
 taylor hangs up his phone and turns to us . 
 `` the ambulance is on the way . 
 how 's nicole ? '' 
 `` she ... she ... '' `` she has n't responded to anything , '' mr fletcher answers for sean . 
 `` please tell me she is going to be alright , '' jennifer says . 
 `` she is going to be alright , jen , '' cody says , still cuddling her while she continues to cry into his chest . 
 `` sean , do you have any idea how long she has been underwater for ? '' 
 mr fletcher wants to know . 
 sean shakes his head . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 jayden and matt would n't let me jump in after her . 
 she might have been under there for five , maybe more . 
 i really do n't know . '' 
 mr fletcher looks over at me , shooting me a death stare that clearly shows i 'm going to be in so much trouble later . 
 although , i do n't see why this is my fault . 
 it 's not my fault she drowned . 
 all i did was push her into the water . 
 i did n't do anything else . 
 mr fletcher turns back to his daughter , trying to get her to wake up while sean continues to do cpr . 
 i do n't know why he is even still trying . 
 ca n't he see that nicole is n't responding and no matter what he does , she is n't going to regain consciousness again ? 
 she is dead . 
 or does he still think he can be nicole 's hero and revive her ? 
 taylor kneels down beside nicole , putting two fingers on her neck . 
 `` there 's still no pulse , sean . '' 
 `` do n't say that , '' sean cries . 
 `` there is a pulse . 
 i know there is . 
 she ca n't die . 
 come on , nicole . 
 open your eyes , please ! '' 
 cody lets go of jennifer and tries to pull sean away from nicole . 
 `` sean , let her go . 
 she is gone . '' 
 he says something in a foreign language . 
 what 's with him and speaking this language ? 
 he can stop trying to impress nicole with his ability to speak another language . 
 she is dead . 
 `` sean , i know you 're upset , but please speak english , '' cody says . 
 `` no , she 's not dead , '' he translates . 
 `` i can revive her . 
 i have to ! '' 
 `` nicole , come on . '' 
 mr fletcher looks at sean . 
 `` let me have a go . '' 
 sean does n't want to let go . 
 cody has to pull him away . 
 mr fletcher tries to revive her . 
 sean sits beside her , holding her hand and kissing it , begging her to revive . 
 we soon hear the siren from the ambulance in the distance . 
 paramedics come rushing over . 
 mr fletcher moves aside so the paramedics can take over . 
 with everything happening , no one is paying much attention to us , so matt and i decide to make a run for it . 
 there is no use standing here waiting , hoping my dead fiancée would come back to life . 
 let 's face it . 
 she is dead . 
 no one is going to save her . 
 i do n't know why they are still trying to revive her . 
 and frankly , i do n't give a damn that she is dead . 
 chapter 27 ~ sean ~ i move aside so the paramedics can take over . 
 i stand beside my friends , silently praying to myself that nicole will make it through . 
 she has to . 
 she does n't deserve to die . 
 the only person who should be dead is jayden . 
 i hope someday he will rot in hell for what he has done to nicole . 
 a person like him just does n't deserve to live . 
 i wonder if he feels guilty at all , for what he has done . 
 i look around for jayden , ready to pound his face in if nicole does n't make it , but he and matt are nowhere to be seen . 
 they have disappeared . 
 what a coward . 
 he is probably too afraid to face the consequences of what lies ahead , whether or not nicole survives . 
 my attention is suddenly taken away from jayden when i hear someone coughing and gasping for air . 
 i turn around to see nicole coughing up the salt water she has swallowed . 
 `` nicole ? '' 
 mr fletcher says to his daughter , kneeling down beside her . 
 `` dad ? '' 
 she croaks . 
 my heart leaps for joy when i hear her speak , even if it is n't my name she says first . 
 i quickly rush over to her as mr fletcher sits her up , hugging her tightly . 
 `` thank goodness you 're alright , nicole . 
 i do n't know what i would ever do if i had lost you . '' 
 `` nicole ! '' 
 she looks up at me , smiles , holding her arms out so i can give her a hug . 
 it feels good to be in her arms . 
 `` thank you for saving me , sean , '' she says . 
 i do n't say anything . 
 i just cup my hands around nicole 's face and kiss her . 
 her lips taste like salt water , but i really do n't care what they taste like . 
 i 'm just relieved nothing bad has happen to her . 
 i seriously do n't know what i would have done if she did n't survive . 
 i do n't want to let go of her . 
 i 'm afraid to let go just in case something else happens . 
 i do n't want to lose her a second time . 
 nicole suddenly pulls away from me , looking worried . 
 `` where 's jayden ? '' 
 a paramedic helps nicole up and lies her down on a stretcher . 
 `` jayden took off with matt , '' i answer . 
 `` he what ? '' 
 mr fletcher looks around him . 
 `` that son of a ... '' he says the last word quietly to himself . 
 `` welcome back to the world , nicole , '' taylor says . 
 `` i was so worried you were n't going to make it , '' jennifer replies . 
 `` i felt so helpless . 
 i did n't know what to do . '' 
 she began to cry again . 
 cody pulls her into a hug . 
 the paramedics pick up the stretcher and walk back to the ambulance . 
 we walk alongside her . 
 `` sean , what happened after jayden pushed me into the water ? '' 
 nicole wants to know . 
 i explain to her what jayden and matt did to me , stopping me from jumping in after her . 
 she smiles at me . 
 `` i 'm glad you were there , sean . '' 
 the paramedics put nicole in the back of the ambulance . 
 one of the paramedics turns to us , asking who is family and who is n't , saying only family could ride in the back of the ambulance with nicole . 
 mr fletcher turns down the offer of riding in the back with his daughter . 
 he says he has to do something and is going to the hospital later . 
 me , on the other hand , i 'm not sure if i want to see nicole in hospital . 
 i 'm still pretty shaken up and all i want to do is find jayden and beat him up . 
 i want to give him a taste of his own medicine , see if he likes the idea of being beaten up . 
 maybe i should go see her . 
 she will really appreciate it if i came . 
 the ambulance drives away , leaving us standing on the side of the road . 
 `` are you going to the hospital , sean ? '' 
 cody asks me . 
 i nod . 
 `` yeah , i 'm going to go . 
 i just have to head home first to tell my parents where i 'm going , so they do n't worry about me . 
 i kind of freaked them out earlier when i returned home and they saw the bruises jayden had given me yesterday . 
 i also ran out of the house without telling them where i was going . '' 
 `` i will take you , '' he offers . 
 `` i will come too , '' taylor says . 
 `` me three , '' jennifer says as she wipes her eyes . 
 i smile at my friends , glad i wo n't be alone at the hospital . 
 i do n't feel comfortable going there . 
 i have n't been in a hospital since my grandfather passed away two years ago from cancer . 
 i find hospitals scary . 
 my parents had to take time off from work so we could return to australia to be beside him . 
 he died three days after we arrived . 
 it was tiring just hanging around the hospital , especially when we knew he could pass away any day , but at least this time when i go there , i know nicole is going to be fine . 
 `` sean , before you go , could i please talk to you ? '' 
 mr fletcher asks me . 
 my friends decide to meet me back at my place . 
 i turn to nicole 's father once they have walked away . 
 `` i want to thank you , sean , for being there for nicole , '' he says once my friends are out of earshot . 
 `` if you were n't there , well , i do n't really want to know what could have happened if you were n't there . '' 
 `` you 're welcome , mr fletcher . 
 i was lucky she texted me , otherwise i would n't have known she was down here . '' 
 `` i wish i came down to the pier first rather than scanning the other side of the beach . 
 i did n't know where to look . 
 she took off and i forced jayden back inside . 
 i left to look for nicole , and then i came down here to find that he had escaped . '' 
 he pulls me into a hug . 
 `` i 'm glad nicole met you . 
 i just wish she had met you earlier . '' 
 i smile , knowing after tonight nicole and i can finally be together without jayden stopping us . 
 and even though mr fletcher has n't known me for long , i 'm glad he can trust me with his daughter , knowing i will never touch her like jayden did . 
 and if i did something like that , i would n't be able to forgive myself . 
 chapter 28 ~ nicole ~ sean and his friends arrive at the hospital shortly after i was admitted . 
 i 'm glad to see them here . 
 i expected to see dad with them , but he was n't . 
 sean 's friends do n't stay long . 
 i have no idea what time it is , but jennifer has to get home before her curfew . 
 taylor and cody leave with her . 
 sean stays . 
 i am glad he does . 
 at least i have someone to talk to while i wait for dad to arrive . 
 i hope he does n't take too long to get here . 
 sean sat in a chair beside me , holding my hand . 
 `` i want to thank you again for saving me , '' i say to him . 
 a smile spreads across his face . 
 `` you have already thanked me . 
 how many times do you have to say thank you ? '' 
 `` i 'm going to thank you every day for the rest of my life . 
 it makes me feel great , that i have someone like you to be always there for me . '' 
 sean rubs his thumb in circles on my hand . 
 `` and i 'm glad to meet someone special like you . '' 
 i smile back at him just as the doctor enters my room . 
 `` how are you feeling now , nicole ? '' 
 he asks me . 
 `` i 'm okay , '' i tell him . 
 `` i just feel a bit tired . '' 
 he smiles at me . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're feeling better . 
 just make sure you get plenty of rest once your friend leaves . 
 you will be able to leave tomorrow . '' 
 he turns to sean . 
 `` i will let you stay a little longer , just not too long , okay ? '' 
 sean promises he wo n't . 
 a few minutes after the doctor walks out , dad walks in with two men who look like they could be detectives , as they are dressed in black suits . 
 the one with reddish-blond hair steps forward , `` nicole , i 'm detective callum . 
 this is my partner , detective willows , '' he says , indicating to the shorter man beside him . 
 `` i understand that you 're a victim of domestic violence . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` that 's correct . '' 
 my dad walks over to me , and wraps his arms around me , hugging me . 
 detective callum glances over at sean . 
 he is probably looking at the bruise around his eye and the cut on his lip . 
 `` did you get into a fight ? '' 
 `` yes , '' sean nods . 
 `` i was trying to protect nicole . '' 
 `` okay , well i would like to have a word with you later . 
 in the meantime , my partner and i would like to have a word with nicole alone . '' 
 dad and sean walk out of the room . 
 i could n't make any eye contact with the detectives at all . 
 i should n't feel nervous around them . 
 they are here to question me about , jayden . 
 i was worried what they really thought of me , and wondered if they think i 'm a total disgrace for allowing jayden to get away with this crime . 
 i imagine the questions they are going to fire at me , like ` why did n't you tell someone sooner ' or ` why did you allow him to do this to you ' . 
 `` how long has jayden mason been hitting you ? '' 
 detective callum asks me . 
 i feel a shame . 
 i could n't even look at them . 
 i ca n't believe i 'd let jayden get away with this for so long . 
 i blink back tears as they begin to fall . 
 flashbacks of him striking me race through my mind . 
 i force myself to look at the detectives . 
 `` he has been hurting me close to four years now . '' 
 `` do you have any idea why he would want to hurt you ? '' 
 `` not really , but he says i deserve it . 
 he started abusing me when we were fifteen , just shortly after he and his friend matt got into drugs . '' 
 `` can you tell us what happened to your friend out there ? '' 
 detective willows asks . 
 `` was he in a fight with jayden or with you ? '' 
 i explained what happened last night and this afternoon . 
 i do n't tell him what happened to cody or with any of sean 's friends . 
 i did n't want his friends to be too involved with this mess . 
 `` has jayden ever attempted to hurt anyone else or does he only hurt you ? '' 
 i think about last night , how he almost hit jennifer . 
 last night he was angry and i guess that 's why he almost lashed out at her . 
 or maybe he was n't angry . 
 maybe he was doing it to get attention . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i reply . 
 `` i have never really seen him act violent around anyone except me . '' 
 `` your dad was telling us that you have multiple bruises caused by jayden , '' detective callum replies . 
 `` yes , i do . '' 
 `` nicole , when you 're discharged from the hospital , we would like you to come down to the station so we can take pictures of your bruises to use as evidence . '' 
 i hug myself , feeling uncomfortable and unsure with the idea of the officers taking pictures of my naked body . 
 i knew i will have to do it in order to prove that jayden was guilty . 
 i answer okay . 
 `` nicole , is there a reason why you never came to the police sooner ? '' 
 detective willows asks . 
 i remember the things jayden threatened me with if i was ever to tell anyone about what he did . 
 i thought back to the other day when kayla told jayden about how sean tried to stop her from being with him . 
 he knew straight away that i had told sean . 
 i 'm still grateful for our parents returning home in time . 
 who knows what kind of damage jayden could have done to me . 
 i tell the detectives how jayden threatens me . 
 `` can you tell us what happened down at the pier tonight ? '' 
 i do n't answer them straight away . 
 i cry a bit , replaying everything that happened tonight . 
 i do n't want to remember it . 
 i tell them everything , before i was pushed into the water . 
 `` do you have any idea where jayden might be , nicole ? '' 
 detective callum asks me . 
 `` does he have a hideout where he could be hiding right this instant ? '' 
 `` i do n't really know where he could be . 
 but he could be with his friend matt who is renting a place here . '' 
 i give them the address . 
 chapter 29 ~ jayden ~ `` what do you think is happening with nicole ? '' 
 matt asks me later , when we are sitting on his couch , smoking and drinking . 
 he takes a sip of his beer . 
 i take a puff of my cigarette and exhale the smoke . 
 `` who cares ? 
 she is dead . '' 
 i can picture sean crying over nicole 's lifeless body . 
 i laugh to myself at how sean thought he could rescue nicole from me . 
 it might work in a fairy tale , but this is no fairy tale . 
 heroes may always win in those stupid stories , but this time the hero is n't going to win . 
 `` what are you laughing about ? '' 
 matt wants to know . 
 `` oh nothing , '' i reply . 
 `` i 'm just thinking about sean . 
 he thought he could be nicole 's hero by rescuing her from me . 
 i guess he ca n't be her hero now . '' 
 `` so true . '' 
 suddenly the door bursts open . 
 i quickly put out my cigarette . 
 sean comes charging into the apartment , uninvited . 
 what is that freak doing here ? 
 how the hell does he know where to find us ? 
 he storms over to me , grabbing my shirt and pulls me off the couch . 
 `` Þú skíthæll ! '' 
 he punches me in the face . 
 i fall backwards onto the couch just as matt quickly leaps off . 
 `` do n't you dare touch nicole ever again , '' he warns me . 
 matt pulls him back from me . 
 sean struggles to free himself , but matt tightens his grip on him so he ca n't . 
 i stand up and put my face into sean 's . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 i ca n't touch her if she is dead , '' i reply with a smirk . 
 `` nicole is alive . 
 you only wish she had died . 
 why do you hit her ? 
 if you do n't like her any more , why be with her ? 
 she does n't deserve the things you do to her . 
 do you even feel a bit guilty for what you have done ? '' 
 i frown at sean . 
 who the heck does he think he is talking to ? 
 i hold up my fist and punch him in his jaw . 
 sean tries to kick me , but i step back so he ca n't . 
 i 'm just about to punch him again when someone tells matt to let go of sean . 
 matt releases sean . 
 we glance up to see two detectives standing in the lounge room , pointing their guns at us . 
 `` sean , i want you to wait for us outside , '' the detective with reddish-blond hair replies . 
 `` and please do not run off because i would like to have a word with you later . '' 
 sean listens to the detective and leaves . 
 the detectives put their guns down and pull out handcuffs . 
 they stand behind matt and me , handcuffing our hands behind our backs . 
 that bitch told on us . 
 the officer says i 'm under arrest for domestic violence , attempted murder and for using illegal drugs . 
 matt is arrested for using illegal drugs , and accessory to attempted murder . 
 sean comes down to the station with us . 
 it feels like hours as they hold the three of us in separate interview rooms . 
 i look around the room , wondered whether or not if i can escape . 
 most likely i wo n't be able to . 
 there are n't any windows and they have someone guarding the door so i could n't escape . 
 i think they are interviewing sean first . 
 that moron will probably tell the cops everything about me . 
 anyway , what does sean know about me ? 
 not unless nicole told him everything . 
 i swear nicole is so going to pay for this . 
 i wo n't allow her to see daylight ever again once i get out of here . 
 the door to the interview room opens and the reddish-blond detective walks in . 
 `` hello , jayden , '' he replies . 
 `` i 'm detective callum . '' 
 i raise any eyebrow at him . 
 am i supposed to be impressed with who he is ? 
 i do n't really care who he is . 
 i just want to be released . 
 `` so ? '' 
 detective callum ignores my unwelcoming response and takes a seat in front of me . 
 `` jayden , is there a reason why you used violent acts towards nicole fletcher ? '' 
 `` she deserves what i do to her . '' 
 `` why do you think that ? '' 
 i shrug . 
 i do n't really have an answer for it . 
 i just feel like it . 
 if i 'm ever feeling angry , i like taking it out on her . 
 `` jayden , no women deserves to be hit . 
 it 's against the law to violently hit women . 
 do you even care about nicole or have any concern whether or not she is alright ? '' 
 i did n't say anything because truthfully i did n't care about her . 
 why should i ? 
 she was worthless to me . 
 `` you know , i think you should care about her , jayden , '' detective callum continues . 
 `` if it was n't for sean livingston , nicole 's body probably would n't have been found for a couple of days . '' 
 `` so what . '' 
 `` the point is jayden , she could have died . '' 
 `` give me a break , okay . 
 look , when i pushed nicole into the water i did n't expect her to get her anklet caught on something . 
 how is it my fault she almost drowned ? '' 
 `` it 's your fault she was even in the water . 
 what made you throw her in ? '' 
 i did n't say anything . 
 why should i ? 
 `` are you going to answer me ? '' 
 the detective asks after a few minutes . 
 `` can i go home ? 
 i really do n't want to be here right now and be questioned on why i did this to nicole . 
 she deserves what i did to her . '' 
 `` well , if that 's what you think , jayden , then you deserve to be in prison . 
 you will be staying here for a while . 
 you wo n't be going home like you want to . '' 
 i do n't say anything . 
 there is nothing to say . 
 i 'm going to jail , only because nicole could n't keep her big mouth shut . 
 detective callum gets me up , handcuffing me before walking me out of the interview room . 
 we walk out into the station where other police officers sat at their desks or are dealing with other criminals . 
 i see mum and dad sitting on a seat beside the front desk . 
 mum is in tears . 
 i just roll my eyes at her . 
 my parents leap off their seats . 
 mum reaches me first , wrapping her arms around me into a hug . 
 `` so nicole was telling the truth ? '' 
 dad asks me , giving me a look that is cross between disappointment and anger . 
 i do n't say anything . 
 `` jayden , i thought you loved nicole , '' mum says . 
 `` well , i guess things change , do n't they ? '' 
 i reply . 
 `` how could you do this , jayden ? '' 
 dad replies . 
 `` i thought we raised you to treat people with respect . '' 
 `` people change , dad . '' 
 detective callum walks me away from my parents towards the jail cells . 
 i hope nicole is proud of herself for doing this to me . 
 that bitch is lucky i 'm in a jail cell . 
 epilogue ~ nicole ~ the week passes by quickly since jayden was arrested . 
 dad and i have n't seen his parents . 
 it 's like they are mad at us for getting him into trouble . 
 it suddenly feels weird not having them around , but at the same time i 'm glad it 's just dad and me again . 
 i do n't talk to dad about jayden and what i have been through with him . 
 i want to , but i feel like i need to give myself space before i tell him . 
 i feel so a shame for keeping it a secret for so long . 
 i let things get so out of hand that it led to jayden almost killing me . 
 if sean had n't been there , then i could have died . 
 with the week going by quickly , i rarely get to see sean since i have to keep giving the police statements about jayden , making sure they have everything to prove jayden is guilty . 
 sean gives them statements as well , telling them what jayden has done to him for helping me . 
 i 'm not sure what is happening to matt , but i know he will end up going to jail as well . 
 i also hand over my engagement ring jayden gave me , telling them he had stolen it . 
 they take it , adding burglary to matt and jayden 's charges . 
 my lawyer assures me with the charges they both have , there is no way they will be getting away with their criminal acts . 
 they are definitely going to jail . 
 i try to get sean to come over whenever dad and i do n't have to deal with the police . 
 sean and dad are getting along well . 
 the best part about hanging out with sean is that i do n't need to worry about jayden coming after me . 
 sometimes i do get a guilty feeling in the pit of my stomach , thinking jayden will appear out of nowhere , but he does n't . 
 he is locked up . 
 he ca n't escape . 
 i wake up in the middle of the night sometimes from having nightmares i have of jayden . 
 sean and his friends have gotten a record deal . 
 even though they never won the contest , lucky for them there was an agent there who enjoyed their music . 
 he signed them . 
 sean promises when they go on tour that he will take me with them and i ca n't wait . 
 spending every day with him , even if it means we are stuck in some stinky bus for days and hours on end . 
 first i have the court case to worry about . 
 one day at a time , that is all i can do . 
 i plan to take one day at a time until i watch them lock him up . 
 the day of the court case finally arrives . 
 i 'm nervous . 
 i 'm not so sure how it will play out , and i know jayden will try every way he can to get out of this . 
 he will lie and make me feel bad , make the jury believe i 'm the bad person , but this time , jayden 's lies are n't going to help him . 
 it takes a month to finalise the courts and what jayden 's sentence is going to be . 
 he is found guilty and sentenced to jail for ten years . 
 acknowledgements firstly , i want to say thank you to sarah hitchcock for helping me edit this story . 
 without you , i do n't think i would have gone very far with it or with any of my writing . 
 i really appreciate you helping me over the past six years , helping me to improve my writing each day . 
 also thank you to trisha padasas for suggesting the idea for this story . 
 it would n't have existed without your suggestion . 
 thanks also to my friend wynter searle-albert for your support with my writing and the suggestions that you give me . 
 to my wonderful sister , jennifer , who always acts like my manager , and tells me what i should be writing . 
 you always make sure i stay on track , no matter what is happening around me . 
 you believe anything could happen even when i wanted to give up sometimes . 
 and thank you to caroline de simone for telling me to try , and never knowing what will happen if i did . 
 and also thank you to anyone else who has been there for me , especially to everyone on wattpad . 
 mostly i want to thank josh hutcherson . 
 i may not know you at all , but you 're the one person who has kept me inspired . 
 without you , i would n't be writing at all . 
 about the author jessica madden was born and raised in sydney , australia . 
 she has been writing stories since the age of eight . 
 when she was nine she realise that she wanted to be a writer more than anything in the world . 
 romance is one of her favourite genres to write . 
 in her late teens she started writing her stories up onto online communities . 
 she was recommended by a friend to check out wattpad , an online writing community for anyone to share , vote , read and upload stories . 
 when she is n't writing , jessica enjoys video making or just hanging out with family and friends . 
