 the rift grace sagun published by grace sagun at smashwords copyright 2014 grace sagun chapter one death , an act of dying or an end of life . 
 everyone is scared talking about death . 
 what if ... . 
 death becomes the beginning of a new life ? 
 would you accept it ? 
 or would you still be afraid of it ? 
 everyone knows we 're going to die . 
 however , nobody wants it . 
 if only people can predict that they 're going to die on a known day , they will surely do things differently . 
 how can we ever be prepared to die ? 
 why is it so hard to think about dying ? 
 what are we scared of ? 
 is it those creepy creatures that will eat our flesh under our graves ? 
 or is it because we are afraid of seeing and causing pains to all those people we will leave and see them all crying in front of our coffins ? 
 what if we die without anybody , even friends or family that will go on our funeral ? 
 is n't that ... . . 
 scary to know ? 
 death is such an alarming issue . 
 most people nowadays walk around and understand things as if they are sleepwalking . 
 they do n't experience the world fully and consider only those things they want to ponder without looking on the other side of the situation ; because they are half-asleep . 
 they 're just doing things they automatically think they have to do . 
 they strip and disregard away all any other stuff and focus on what they think is important . 
 there are moments that we need to experience how to die and learn how to live again . 
 if we expect that we can die at any time , then we might not be as ambitious as we are now . 
 so many people walk around with a meaningless life , chasing wrong things and doing wrong decisions . 
 we must get a meaning into our lives , devote ourselves loving others , our community and at creating something that will give us purpose and meaning . 
 let us learn to live through dying . 
 `` ow ! '' 
 victoria lockhart felt a ball of paper thrown at her by her friend on the other corner of the classroom . 
 victoria lockhart , 18 , born in 6747 springpark ave. walsh city , nashville , tennessee . 
 she moved to 1250 bewilder st. in memphis , tennessee to study in skirrow 's medical school . 
 `` whuttt ??? '' she whispered . 
 her friend pointed on their professor , looking at victoria like some kind of cat with fluorescence in her eyes on some horror movies . 
 `` uh ... yes ??? '' she asked hesitantly . 
 `` miss lockhart ! 
 are you listening to my class ? '' 
 the professor yelled . 
 `` uhm . 
 nah ??? '' `` what were you thinking a minute ago ? '' 
 `` i was thinking about ... . '' 
 she hesitated , but since victoria is a very vocal and frank person , she was thinking of letting her professor know what she was thinking . 
 `` about what ? '' 
 `` death . '' 
 `` death '' her professor repeated . 
 `` uhuh '' `` whose death ? '' 
 `` yours ? '' 
 it seemed so hard to tell herself how she looked so sophisticated that her smile became satirical . 
 the entire classroom was covered with laughter , sarcastic laughter from her classmates . 
 it faded when her bacteriology professor gave them all that scary eyes of hers . 
 `` miss lockhart ! 
 if you do n't want to be sent in the discipline 's office , watch your words . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 she whispered . 
 she found her as some kind of neurotic person who takes advantage of everything . 
 a stupid and neurotic woman she never thought she would hate like that . 
 she 's always a cold persistent current beneath everything , threatening to wash away their little mess of happiness . 
 victoria hated her . 
 she felt sick of her . 
 she would have liked her from the start if it had n't been for her bitterness . 
 she just wanted to give her a grand-scale of sympathy for her grand-scale bitterness . 
 she often sounded like a friendly enemy , a religious woman who always goes to church but often ended up as a rude witch inside their class . 
 whenever victoria looked at her , she always thought why good and religious people were often hideous . 
 she 's not good , just religious and at the same time , hideous . 
 victoria could feel her professor 's face staring at her like an appointed gun for no reason . 
 if she look at her , catching every glance she gave , she 'll suddenly look away as if she had thought better of something terrible and dropped the gun out of the window . 
 victoria 's that typical kind of student who does n't care much on what she says . 
 whenever she loves to insult someone , she will never think anything more but to say whatever she has in mind . 
 she does n't have anything good to say to anyone . 
 she 's a scholar in the university but she does n't act like one . 
 they say she has a better brain than theirs , but lacks in good attitude , which is obviously true . 
 she liked to watch the nerves on other people 's faces . 
 she had become the woman of opposites - she 'll often make a fun and interesting conversation become despicably hateful . 
 she just does n't realize it and her friends thought she will never be able to realize how fun it is to look the other way around . 
 maybe not until she finds that person who will soften her cold heart . 
 she does n't know when will kindness strike her and when she will have to take it without questioning why . 
 end of the class : `` victoria ! 
 what have you done this time ? '' 
 carmel goldberg , one of victoria 's friends . 
 `` it 's not like it 's the first time to screw our professor , but it 's actually the first time you were n't paying attention in the class . 
 is something wrong ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 `` umm ... which one should i answer first ? '' 
 victoria paused . 
 `` ah ... . 
 the one i remembered . '' 
 she smiled and continued . 
 `` hmmm ... . 
 blah blah ... nothing 's wrong . 
 i 'm hungry . 
 let 's eat . '' 
 she avoided the questions ` cause honestly , she does n't know what 's happening to her , maybe not until she finds out why she was thinking about death a while ago . 
 it bothers her , a lot . 
 she 's dying inside . 
 she knows it . 
 she can feel it , or she can even breath it , or hear it . 
 it 's rotting inside her . 
 the problem is , she ca n't find the reason why . 
 her giant friend , genie bridgewater , the one who threw a paper on her , the one who brought back her consciousness in the middle of the class , snapped her with her giant hand on victoria 's head . 
 she could feel that her brain vibrated for few seconds . 
 `` god , why did you give me violent friends ? '' 
 she wondered . 
 `` that was a nice hit for miss fiona . '' 
 giant said so happily . 
 victoria ignored her and continued walking , heading to the cafeteria . 
 she can feel her stomach gurgling in hunger . 
 she craved for food and she 's almost shaking . 
 no time for any conversations yet . 
 she just wanted to eat something . 
 her emotions are as blurry as her thoughts . 
 she does n't know why she does n't feel so good even at that very moment . 
 she feels so ... . . 
 weak and terribly miserable inside . 
 likewise , she does n't know why . 
 she 's craving for anything more . 
 something she still does n't know what is . 
 she 's bored with her life and she 's not enjoying living it anymore . 
 maybe that was why she 's been thinking about death during class . 
 how would it feel ? 
 dying and being cried . 
 `` annoying . '' 
 victoria whispered to herself . 
 `` i hate crying and being cried of . 
 i hate seeing anybody cry . 
 they look so stupid and i hate stupid people . '' 
 she thought . 
 lunch done : victoria 's friends are having a conversation about faddy . 
 faddy 's carmel 's future ex-boyfriend -lrb- as how they always address him -rrb- , the guy in her heart , a varsity player , and a good-looking tourism student . 
 and yeah , he has braces . 
 and carmel wants braces too . 
 `` what 's so good about guys ? '' 
 victoria wondered trying to join the conversation . 
 `` inspiration '' kim answered . 
 `` distraction '' victoria answered back with a grin in her face . 
 `` no . 
 it depends on the person . 
 if you know your limitation , it would n't be a distraction . 
 you should be intelligent enough on handling it . 
 know your boundaries . '' 
 `` it 's bullshit . 
 love does terrible thing in your nervous system . '' 
 `` for you ! 
 ` cause you have n't experienced it , loving and being loved . '' 
 `` kim ! '' 
 giant stopped her . 
 `` i never wanted to experience it anyway . '' 
 victoria let out a smirk though honestly , she felt a little ashamed of herself . 
 maybe because she does n't know how it would feel . 
 she ca n't even remember when was the last time she fell in love with someone . 
 was it on her senior year where he dumped that guy she has been secretly liking since she was on her third grade ? 
 she dumped him and after a couple of years , she saw him again and she harshly asked him to be her boyfriend . 
 well , she dumped him first and on that moment , it was his turn to dump her . 
 after that very first heartbreak , she cursed all men and swore she will never fall for one again . 
 `` you can say that by now , but the moment it 'll come , you 'll be amazed , it 'll make you become a better person . '' 
 kim showed victoria that sparkling eyes of hers . 
 she 's so in love because she has a boyfriend . 
 as if i 'm not . 
 victoria whispered , trying to sound cool though she knows inside her that she remembered that moment her first love dumped her . 
 it could have hurt the same way to that guy when she also rejected him the very first time . 
 now , she just thought love is just a game of revenge between people hurting and hating each other . 
 nothing lasts forever , not even those `` forever '' promises people make when they were still so in love . 
 `` enough for this conversation . 
 let 's go back in the classroom . '' 
 victoria 's simple , conservative and shy friend , ran walker , interrupted and let the conversation end . 
 she stood up first and everyone else followed her back to the classroom . 
 i 'm worst at this . 
 hoping to be a part of their conversation then ended up messing it . 
 how rude of me . 
 to say things i would n't think will be bad for my friends . 
 victoria was thinking as she walked up the stairs . 
 every day , she has a struggle between what she should say and what to keep for herself . 
 she always finds herself in need of a pause because even though it would n't hurt her , yet , it will hurt everyone else around her . 
 she has always thought that she does n't want to know too much about how they feel . 
 she does n't want to say anything because she does n't want to hear it , and see them hurt . 
 and for thinking that she said the right word without sounding so mean , it still ended up worst than what she was expecting . 
 in a way , she 's glad that she still has her friends although she is so different from them . 
 she has different perceptions , and she thinks differently , far beyond their expectations . 
 she thinks more , expects more . 
 right now , she feels so weak . 
 so empty , messed , and wasted . 
 why ? 
 she wondered . 
 do i also ... . 
 need inspiration ? 
 no . 
 that is nonsense . 
 she wanted to scream out loud . 
 for her , love ? 
 it does n't exist . 
 they say it 's like music and color wherein people in-love blend together as one . 
 unconditional , choosing that kind of excitement towards the person they love . 
 thrilled and disregard the ideals of an unconditional love , and let things happen eventually , uncontrolled . 
 how annoying it is to let those kinds of ideas enter in my humorous mind . 
 i do n't want love . 
 i 'd rather go in a safe way . 
 avoid it for i know it will only bring pain . 
 you 'll be in love in the beginning and end up crying . 
 and sometimes , beginnings are as messy as endings . 
 she thought . 
 why is she thinking about it anyway ? 
 it feels so `` not her '' . 
 not her thing . 
 she thought about death , now love . 
 what seriously is wrong with her ? 
 `` victoria ? 
 are you okay ? '' 
 elizabeth wright , another friend of victoria , asked her and held her at the back . 
 she wondered why they care a lot about her even she 's a bad person and she has lots of bad thoughts . 
 `` yeah '' she replied and smiled . 
 `` i 'm okay , i 'm just having battle with myself . '' 
 victoria wanted to say but she just let out a smile . 
 `` god , bring back my consciousness . 
 i do n't go to church but i beg you , i need you to bring back my brain to normal , enough for being emotional or whatever . 
 in my mom 's lexicon , i am an ` odd person which means for her , anyone who does n't believe in god . 
 i need to focus on class right now . 
 and when i said `` now '' i definitely mean now . 
 chapter two `` mom ? '' 
 `` honey ? 
 are you okay ? '' 
 `` n ... uh-huh . '' 
 victoria 's voice was shaking . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 `` y. . 
 es . '' 
 `` honey , i need to prepare for a presentation for the meeting tomorrow . 
 i 'll call you , okay ? 
 goodnight honey . '' 
 `` uh . . 
 w. . 
 wait ... '' line ended . 
 victoria looked down the floor for a couple of minutes thinking of nothing . 
 she forced herself not to let out those tears . 
 do n't cry . 
 hold it in . 
 hold it in . 
 she 's been telling herself as she felt her heart pounding and struggling for an oxygen . 
 `` no , please . 
 not this time . '' 
 she whispered as she felt bunch of thorns in her respiratory tract as she gasped for air . 
 i just missed my mom . 
 she has been living all alone since she entered college and all she wanted that very moment was to be with her mom . 
 even just to listen with her mom 's voice , she hoped it would be possible to do that even just for hours . 
 her mom 's always busy and has no time . 
 i want a mom . 
 victoria 's been screaming inside her . 
 i want a mom who will be beside me , taking care of me , and watching over me before i sleep . 
 a mom that i can crouch to . 
 that 's what she wanted . 
 she wanted that so bad that all her bones hurt . 
 she always felt like she had a mother who will always tell her that she 's going to be a failure . 
 she envy those people with their moms beside them , preparing breakfast before they leave for school , cuddling with them . 
 however , they 're on the opposite situation . 
 they always argue with each other about lots of things , and she always noticed she just failed to win any arguments with her . 
 she found out that noticing was such a complicated act . 
 it always felt like there was no one who cared , nobody to say what was right or wrong . 
 she assumed she liked her just then - she liked her mixture of humor and sadness . 
 she often thought she was stupid - and she 's right , she really is stupid . 
 compassion , as she would say if that 's how you call it . 
 compassion was just taking good luxurious eye full of a portrait of her own pains . 
 whenever she thought of her mom , she thought of herself . 
 her thoughts of her were always a melancholy of sequence with the knife wound at the end . 
 victoria let out a deep sigh . 
 no chance of experiencing that . 
 since she was a kid , she never felt those kinds of feelings . 
 maybe that 's why she 's as rude as she is now . 
 she was the kind of person who chose the people she only wanted to be with . 
 she was that kind of girl who would rather have books flooding her tables ; books instead of drinks , roaming and intimacy . 
 she was so sensitive about lots of things . 
 she would never touch or look on anybody she does n't know . 
 she was just too immature before to understand it , but she had liked it that way . 
 she liked it for all the reasons that she would hate it now . 
 anyway , she is her mother 's daughter , and she looked at life with a wry smile . 
 morning : after a night full of longing , victoria woke up with new reasons to go on for another struggling day . 
 it 's her hematology class and it was exciting taking blood from her laboratory member , inserting that 5cc needle into his vein and letting it stay there for a minute , acting as if victoria does n't know how to do it and pretended that she was not able to hit the vein yet so that her annoying member will be hurt for a little while . 
 she find him as a person lacking common sense and wanted to punish him for being so aggravating . 
 after hearing her favorite aw victoria it 's hurting me phrase , that will be the time she 'll let his blood get into the syringe and stop punishing him . 
 be nice to me idiot or else i 'll be pleased to do this to you over and over again . 
 she told herself as she let out a smirk after transferring his blood in the edta tube . 
 victoria walked out ahead of them as she heard the professor dismissed the class . 
 something was pinching holes inside . 
 she walked slowly hearing the fading voices of her friends . 
 she fainted . 
 bewilder district hospital : `` she 'll be okay . 
 we 're still looking out for the reason of why she fainted . 
 as of now , it 's still a question to us why she 's still unconscious and for the mean time , she needs some rest . 
 have you already informed her family ? '' 
 `` uh . . 
 no , we have n't . 
 we do n't know how to contact her mom since she lives in a dormitory and we do n't know any relatives she has here in bewilder . '' 
 genie answered the attending physician . 
 `` then , who else will look after her ? '' 
 the doctor asked . 
 `` we 'll talk about that later . '' 
 genie said . 
 `` okay then . 
 i 'll leave you for a while but we would be needing to have a guardian to sign the papers on the lobby . '' 
 dr. smith left as the nurse followed him . 
 the door shut and everyone noticed carmel walked beside victoria . 
 `` she 's so pale . '' 
 she held victoria 's hands . 
 `` what do you think happened to her ? 
 lately , she acted so unusual . 
 remember when she got scolded by miss fiona because she was n't listening in the class ? '' 
 carmel looked outside the window . 
 it was already dark . 
 a long moment of silence covered the entire room . 
 `` yeah . 
 she 's acting so weird lately . 
 she seemed so depress and according to john green 's novel entitled the fault in our stars , depression is a sign of dying . 
 is she dying ? '' 
 carmel answered , almost about to laugh . 
 everyone ignored her silly joke . 
 there was an awkward silence . 
 `` ran , should n't we just take her home ? '' 
 genie broke the silence covering the entire room . 
 nobody answered . 
 ran stood next to the window thinking what could have happened to victoria . 
 she stared blankly outside pretending not to hear genie asking her . 
 it was so dark outside she ca n't even see the playground visible . 
 she looked back with the group as she felt scared of looking blankly to nowhere outside wherein all she can see was darkness . 
 `` the doctor said they still need to look after her condition . 
 the cause is n't clear yet and we are not sure what exactly happened to victoria . 
 maybe it was n't about the food she ate or well , who knows . '' 
 ran answered genie who asked about 5 minutes ago but had late reply . 
 `` then who 'll stay here ? 
 i need to go back home because andrei 's alone at home and mom told me i need to look after him . 
 i 'm so sorry . 
 i wanted to stay here but you know i 'm scared with my mom . 
 she howls more than a wolf . '' 
 carmel smiled a little bit and back to a serious face . 
 `` i 'll call chris if he can come over and stay with me . 
 we 'll look after victoria . '' 
 ran volunteered . 
 `` chris ? 
 your hottie boyfriend ? 
 oh god ! 
 if not for my mom , i 'll stay here with you and chris . '' 
 carmel 's always joking about chris . 
 `` you can stay here with chris if you want , then i 'll be the one to look after andrei . '' 
 ran joked as if she 's trading her boyfriend to carmel . 
 `` come on . 
 i love that brilliant idea of yours ran ! '' 
 all laughed . 
 `` but no , that was just a rude joke carmel . 
 i will never , ever , ever , ever let you borrow my chris ! '' 
 ran laughed sarcastically . 
 `` are you sure it 'll be okay with chris to stay here and watch over a patient who hates him ? '' 
 elizabeth bothered to ask . 
 `` i guess ? 
 just as long as victoria 's lying unconscious , it would n't be a problem . 
 and when the time comes that victoria will be awake , chris should better run and swim outside even there 's no water . '' 
 carmel laughed out loud that it echoed in the entire room . 
 if victoria 's awake , she could have thrown a pillow towards carmel just to shut her up . 
 however , she 's not . 
 so carmel 's still lucky . 
 there 's no devil that will interrupt her devilish laugh . 
 `` you 're so mean ! '' 
 ran shouted to carmel , holding her stomach since she could n't even stop herself from laughing . 
 `` it 's getting late . 
 we need to go home now . 
 genie and i will go with you dear carmel . 
 kim and chrysler 's on different way so they 'll go home together . 
 what about you carol ? '' 
 elizabeth seriously asked as the laughter slowly faded . 
 `` i 'll drive you guys home since we 're on same way . '' 
 carol answered . 
 `` ran , will you be okay here ? 
 kim and chrysler said they will take shifts in the morning so that you 'll have time to go home before going to school . '' 
 `` yes , i will since chris will be here . '' 
 ran looked at carmel and gave her a wide grin . 
 `` great idea we 're putting up here . 
 it 'll make victoria seriously pass out again when she wakes up . 
 seeing lovers beside her bed . 
 is n't that amazing ! '' 
 kim exclaimed . 
 `` she 'll surely get through her sickness immediately . '' 
 everyone smiled . 
 how true it was that victoria will really hate to see that . 
 she hates it , a lot . 
 `` it 's getting late girls , we need to leave . 
 just call us if any problems will happen ran , okay ? '' 
 carol said . 
 `` be careful guys . 
 drive safely carol . 
 and chrysler , take kim home safely . '' 
 chrysler smiled at ran as a reply . 
 everyone kissed victoria on the cheeks and waved goodbye to ran as they walked out the door . 
 that 's how they love each other . 
 they 're like siblings came form different genes but never treated each other differently . 
 ran was left alone , sitting beside victoria 's bed . 
 victoria is so skinny , white as snow with lips as pale as a cadaver , and her scapular bone are almost visible . 
 she never told any of her friends she has no family in bewilder or why she 's away from them . 
 she always wanted to keep her life private because she never really wanted to talk about it , and everyone respected her for that . 
 all they know is that she 's here in the small town of bewilder in knoxville , tennessee because she got accepted on a scholarship in skirrow 's medical school . 
 victoria 's from walsh city in nashville . 
 it 's 2 hours and 52 minutes away far from bewilder by driving , and an hour away by plane . 
 ran already called chris like 10 minutes ago . 
 she stared to victoria 's unconscious body again and again . 
 examining every bone . 
 `` how can this tiny girl survive here alone ? '' 
 she wondered . 
 `` is she even eating ? '' 
 ran heard footsteps coming . 
 as she was listening and examining the steps carefully , she heard the door open . 
 `` hey . '' 
 it was chris . 
 he 's holding a bag , maybe it 's ran 's books and clothes . 
 she moved towards him . 
 `` how is she ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` she 's unconscious . 
 even the doctor 's wondering why . 
 it could be her gerd or something . '' 
 `` oh . 
 you should change your clothes now . 
 you 're still wearing your school uniform . 
 i 'll watch over her for a while . '' 
 `` okay . 
 i 'll just go and change then . 
 have you eaten already ? '' 
 `` no , not yet . 
 i 'll just order after you change clothes . 
 okay ? 
 go on . '' 
 he smiled at ran and held her hands for a moment then let it go as she walked towards the rest room . 
 ran stared on her reflection in the mirror . 
 they look so perfect together . 
 chris is an athlete . 
 he won plenty of medals already for swimming competition . 
 they met in memphis where he joined a swimming event . 
 ran is not an athlete but she adore watching athletic games and she has never been involved in sports . 
 she was n't really there in memphis to watch the event . 
 she was on a vacation with her family when she first met chris matthews . 
 ran was hanging out with her cousin , enjoying the white sand , building sand castle , and picking up seashells on a beach in memphis when all of a sudden , she saw her little brother drowning on a farther distance from them . 
 she ran immediately as fast as she could , trying to rescue him . 
 the waves gone stronger and she felt the current . 
 she stopped when she noticed that the water reached her chest and she remembered that she does n't know how to swim . 
 she does n't know how her brother reached that far . 
 all she knew is that was watching her brother drowning . 
 there 's nothing she can do to save him but to stand there and cry . 
 she looked back from where she came from . 
 she ran almost a longer distance from the shore . 
 she saw my cousin running with her mom and dad , still in the shore , screaming . 
 the people were also eager to help her little brother and almost all of them were shocked . 
 ran also saw a man having that shiny black hair , and a skin as white as gems , sparkling every time the sun hits his shirtless body , showing his six-pack-abs , running faster heading towards them . 
 ran stiffed like a statue , as she ca n't feel that the waves were hitting her on the face . 
 he 's getting closer and closer and closer to her and a huge wave hit her again in the face as he passed right through her . 
 he headed straight to ran 's brother as if he was n't able to see her . 
 she saw him grabbing her brother in his arms , holding him so tight and headed back to the shore . 
 he 's near again , and she thought she lost her consciousness forever . 
 as they pass right in front of her , he suddenly stopped , transferred her brother on his back and looked back on ran . 
 she felt her mouth opening widely as his beautiful eyes met hers . 
 she can no longer distinguish the waves as her enemy , but as her friends . 
 she wanted them to help her drown herself so that that handsome guy in front of her will also save her and held her in his arms . 
 she ca n't help but giggle inside and forced herself not to show it to him . 
 she suddenly got her consciousness back when he held her hands . 
 his hands was so soft and gentle . 
 she put her other hand at back of her brother . 
 she heard him gasping for air . 
 she felt guilty . 
 her brother got drowned but she still got a nerve to fantasize a man whom she just met . 
 ran smiled and could n't hide it though she honestly felt guilty inside . 
 she wanted to jump like a kangaroo in australia just to let out the happiness covering her . 
 he was holding her hand and she does n't know who he is but she was so comfortable with his hands . 
 his beautiful hands which she thought was meant for hers . 
 what an adorable thought she has in mind . 
 starting then , ran walker believed in love at first sight . 
 after several knocks on the door . 
 , ran noticed she has n't changed her uniforms yet . 
 `` what take you so long in there ? 
 are you okay ? '' 
 it 's chris . 
 oh , i forgot . 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 ran replied . 
 she has been reminiscing the very first day she met chris matthew . 
 anyway , what 's the point of fantasizing when you 're fantasies came true ? 
 she thought to herself . 
 she read that phrase from the author of crestfallen named fia coldwater . 
 `` i 'm almost done . 
 just a sec . '' 
 `` i 'll go to the cafeteria now . '' 
 `` okay '' the door outside shut . 
 chris left already and went out to buy dinner . 
 a sudden noise broke the fantasies of ran when she heard the outside glass broken . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 she wondered and ran outside as quickly as possible . 
 she saw the window first . 
 the window she was standing an hour ago , it 's broken . 
 `` how ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 she panicked . 
 she looked at victoria 's bed . 
 she 's gone . 
 she 's not there . 
 her friend who was lying there minutes ago , was gone . 
 `` victoria ? '' 
 she shouted and searched the bed and the entire room . 
 she pulled out the blankets . 
 the iv fluid injected to her was pulled out . 
 there were few drops of blood on the floor . 
 she saw blooded footsteps going straight to the window . 
 `` where did she go ? '' 
 ran was shaking in panic . 
 she heard the door opened and saw chris standing , holding a bottle of water and some foods . 
 he dropped it and hurriedly went to ran . 
 `` she 's gone . 
 i -- i do n't know where she went , or w -- wh-what happened . . 
 or if someone took her . 
 i-i do n't know . . 
 i was in the rest room and ... '' her voice was shaking and she was so scared something might have happened to victoria . 
 `` shhhh ... honey , relax . 
 we 'll find her . '' 
 `` h -- how ? 
 w -- what if ... something happened to her ? 
 oh my god ! 
 it 's my fault . '' 
 she felt tears streaming down her face . 
 chris tried to calm her down but she still kept on blaming herself . 
 chapter three it 's been 5 days since the incident happened . 
 victoria just disappeared . 
 the bewilder 's town police district 's been searching everywhere . 
 everyone 's been posting ` missing victoria lockhart ' posters on every street , hoping that anybody will ever her ; dead or alive . 
 `` any updates ? '' 
 carmel tapped ran at the back . 
 she was feeling the presence of air made by the old oak tree at the back of skirrow 's medical school . 
 `` no . 
 the sheriff came in the dean 's office a while ago and he said they ca n't find any traces of victoria . '' 
 `` carmel , i 'm scared . '' 
 ran 's voice was shaking . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 everything 's going to be okay . 
 we 'll find her . '' 
 carmel tried to make her feel better but deep inside , she does n't know how . 
 `` we need to be strong , together . 
 we 'll gain strength from each other . 
 so , we need to keep our hopes high . 
 you get it ? '' 
 carmel added and smiled . 
 ran wiped off her tears and replied a smile to carmel . 
 then , she asked nicely . 
 `` how 's everything going on with you and faddy ? '' 
 `` we 're good . '' 
 carmel smiled and looked away . 
 she looked at the football players on the field , practicing for their next game against fortress university . 
 `` is n't he practicing for their upcoming game too ? '' 
 ran asked . 
 faddy mike o’neal 's also an athlete like ran 's boyfriend , chris , except that he 's on basketball field . 
 he was the most valuable player this year . 
 it 's been a year already since they became officially together . 
 `` oh my god ! 
 thanks for reminding me ran ! 
 i need to go to the court now and i 'm 20 minutes late . '' 
 she hurriedly packed up her things . 
 `` why ? 
 are you also practicing basketball ? '' 
 ran joked despite the visibility of sadness in her eyes . 
 `` nah . 
 we 're having lunch after their practice and i 'm late . 
 i need to go . 
 bye . '' 
 she waved goodbye without even looking back . 
 carmel went to the gym but there was no one in there . 
 maybe they were done practicing . 
 carmel nod in disappointment . 
 they were supposed to have lunch together for the first time since they committed into a relationship . 
 carmel 's always busy with school works and he 's also always busy practicing . 
 it 's the first time they finally planned to eat together since they 're always going on lunch with carmel 's friends , victoria , ran , elizabeth , carol , kim and chrysler . 
 however , it 's been 5 days already that they were not able to eat lunch with victoria . 
 carmel sat on the side bench and looked up the sky . 
 `` why are these things happening to us ? 
 to me ? '' 
 she wondered . 
 she was surprised when a soft lips touched her cheeks . 
 she looked beside to know who that was . 
 `` fad ! '' 
 she yelled . 
 she embraced him so tight . 
 `` i 'm sorry i was late . 
 i was sitting on the field with ran , talking about victoria 's disappearance and i have n't noticed the time . 
 i - `` she was explaining to him when he suddenly kissed her which made her stop talking . 
 she felt a current of blood overflowing her veins . 
 `` do n't worry . '' 
 he smiled while combing carmel 's hair with his hands . 
 she felt shy that she could n't even look at him . 
 she felt so , embarrassed . 
 good thing there were no people in the basketball court . 
 nobody else saw what he just did . 
 carmel is in love with him every day , every minute , every nanosecond , and it never changed . 
 it just continues to grow and grow like she thought life 's so meaningful to her since he entered in it . 
 victoria hated that fact . 
 she hated the fact that her friends have their lives going so well while hers was n't . 
 `` i only have 15 minutes left before my afternoon class . 
 where do you want to go ? '' 
 he took her hand and kissed it over and over again . 
 she put it on his face and treating it as if it 's some kind of a baby . 
 `` i - `` she stuttered . 
 she cleared her throat . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i need to take lunch since i 'll be having my class too . '' 
 `` oh i see . 
 uhmm ... then let 's go to the cafeteria ? '' 
 he looked at her and smiled . 
 before getting up , faddy and carmel talked to each other for a while about nothing , really , and then he said something like ` so come here then ' and kissed her as if it was the outcome of what they were talking about . 
 he just kissed her gently and she looked back at him wondering what they just did , then laughed . 
 `` let 's go ? '' 
 she was preparing to get up when he suddenly pulled her towards him . 
 he embraced her so tight and whispered in her ears . 
 `` i love you baby . '' 
 she closed my eyes and replied `` i love you too . '' 
 although it felt so awkward why he done that publicly right now , she just did n't mind . 
 she felt so mentally tired , worrying about the lessons , and worrying about victoria and she thought she deserved that consolation hug from faddy . 
 did she even realize he had never said it quite some time ? 
 did she ? 
 every time she looked at him , she always wondered if she would ever feel like to anyone . 
 they stood up . 
 he held her hands so tight that she ca n't even let it move . 
 they 've been glancing to each other from time to time feeling so awkward about the kiss and the hug . 
 one week after victoria 's missing : `` final examination 's this week . '' 
 miss fiona 's talking . 
 it was hematology class again . 
 `` regarding miss lockhart 's disappearance , i feel so sorry about it . 
 the entire school is praying for her to be found sooner . '' 
 long silence covered the entire room . 
 `` anyway , i just want to announce today that we wo n't be conducting a class because there will be a prayer vigil for victoria lockhart in the chapel . 
 hoping for this class to attend and help us pray for miss lockhart . '' 
 she was arranging her things on the table . 
 `` and yes , before i forget to announce , our final exam for hematology class will be tomorrow . 
 so , please study your lessons well . 
 class dismissed . '' 
 everybody stood up except for victoria 's group of friends . 
 they sat there as if they 're waiting who 'll stand up first . 
 they can feel the pressure and sadness covering the entire room . 
 `` do you think she 's dead ? '' 
 elizabeth asked . 
 everyone looked at her vigorously . 
 she dipped her head low and tears streamed down her eyes . 
 everyone noticed it since they saw drop by drop of tears fell down her desk . 
 everyone stood up and went beside her . 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 victoria 's a monster . 
 she 'll be the last person on earth who 'll die . 
 stop thinking that way . 
 okay ? '' 
 kim tried to let her feel good . 
 `` she 's not a monster ! '' 
 a guy 's voice echoed in the room . 
 everyone looked around to see who that was and they saw thayer issamar bauer , one of their classmates , standing in front of the door and looking so mad . 
 `` how can you ever say that to your friend ? 
 monster ? '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 that was just a joke ! '' 
 kim stood straight and looked at him furiously . 
 `` and why are you interrupting on other people 's business ? '' 
 `` that was never a good joke for a friend . '' 
 `` what do you know about us , being friends ? 
 ca n't you just mind your own economics ? '' 
 `` be careful with what you say . '' 
 `` enough . 
 why are you guys being like that ? 
 ca n't we just go to the chapel and go for the prayer vigil instead of fighting ? '' 
 ran interrupted . 
 `` prayer 's not what victoria lockhart needs . '' 
 thayer issamar bauer walked out of the classroom . 
 `` that nerd ! '' 
 kim took her bag and they all went out of the classroom to attend the prayer vigil . 
 `` tomorrow 's last day in school and it 's our final exam . 
 if victoria would n't be able to get the final exam , what would happen to her scholarship ? '' 
 carol bothered to ask . 
 `` yeah . 
 what will happen to her scholarship ? 
 it means a lot to her and we know she would n't just give it up . 
 could she be ... . 
 dead ? '' 
 elizabeth emotionally asked again . 
 `` no '' ran shook her head as if she can shut all those kinds of creepy ideas . 
 they reached the chapel and there were lots of students praying for victoria . 
 `` imagine ? 
 she 's rude but she got lots of supporters . '' 
 genie joked wickedly . 
 `` no , you are rude . '' 
 carmel replied . 
 everyone started the prayer . 
 carmel saw thayer standing outside the chapel . 
 `` what 's wrong with that guy ? '' 
 she asked carol , who was also praying beside her . 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` thayer issamar bauer . 
 look , he 's freaking me out . 
 what a lunatic . '' 
 `` do n't mind him . 
 let 's just pray . '' 
 ran whispered . 
 they continued to pray but thayer issamar bauer really bothers carmel . 
 he left after a couple of minutes observing everyone as if he 's kind of an investigator . 
 examination day : `` put all your bags in front . 
 bring only your pens . '' 
 miss fiona was distributing the papers . 
 `` okay , everybody start answering the exam . 
 no cheating . 
 whoever is caught cheating , i will automatically tear the papers . 
 get it ? '' 
 everyone was answering my paper when a late comer suddenly opened the door . 
 everybody got interrupted since the door often sounds as if it 's in a horror movie . 
 what caught their eyes was a girl with black and curly hair , not wearing uniforms but wearing a black dress and a black boots . 
 `` who 's that ? '' 
 ran whispered . 
 the girl looked and smiled at them . 
 ran and carmel almost drop their pens and even their jaws when they figured who the girl was . 
 `` victoria ! '' 
 both of them screamed . 
 chapter four 7 days it was n't enough to heal the pain . 
 victoria smiled wickedly while answering the test paper for the final examination . 
 she was absent for about 7 days of healing . 
 hundred items examination for hematology , yet it took her only 30 minutes to answer it . 
 she passed her paper as quick as possible so that her friends would n't be able to chase her . 
 she was near the door , finding her way out when she heard miss fiona . 
 `` miss lockhart ? 
 what happened to you ? 
 you 've been gone for a week without giving us any word ? 
 do you know how all of us worried about you thinking you were dead already in the woods taken by some kind of wild animals ? '' 
 she said in soft , calm and comforting voice but victoria can still feel miss fiona 's worries . 
 victoria pretended not to hear her . 
 she headed out . 
 she knew her friends were looking at her . 
 she can feel it . 
 she can sense it . 
 those questioning looks , wondering what happened to her . 
 victoria trying to avoid it . 
 not now . 
 she told herself . 
 they would n't understand it yet . 
 victoria 's not ready to tell them the truth . 
 victoria was on her last step down the hallway when she heard footsteps running and chasing her . 
 `` victoria !!!!!!! '' she heard them yelling . 
 voice of excitement , of sadness , of worrying , of happiness , of ... wondering . 
 she stopped for a minute and looked down . 
 a single drop of tear fell . 
 she wiped it quickly and ran as fast as she could . 
 she hid on one of the wall when she felt her stomach burning again . 
 it 's not just her stomach , but also her throat . 
 she 's craving . 
 she 's hungry . 
 `` where did she go ? '' 
 kim asked , panting . 
 `` why is she hiding from us ? '' 
 elizabeth . 
 `` i know something 's not right . '' 
 ran said in low , calm voice . 
 `` then what would be it ? 
 why is she hiding it from us ? '' 
 carol . 
 `` does she have a boyfriend ? 
 is she pregnant ? 
 was it the reason she collapsed ? 
 what ? 
 we are her friends for god 's sake ! 
 we worry a lot about her and she does n't even care how scared we were on what happened to her ? 
 are we some piece of shit for her ? '' 
 this time , carol got mad . 
 `` could be . '' 
 ran whispered . 
 still calm . 
 `` but ... '' she paused and added . 
 `` she changed , a lot . 
 her hair , have you seen it ? 
 7 days ago it was short , leveled on her shoulders , blond , and straight . 
 now , it 's all black , curled and longer . 
 if you straighten it , it will reach her waist . 
 how could it be so fast ? '' 
 `` she has lots of money . 
 who knows if she spent that one week doing a whole body make-over ? '' 
 carmel added sarcastically . 
 she felt disappointed as well . 
 behind the wall where victoria was hiding , she tried as hard as she could not to let out a single sound . 
 she wanted to burst out and cry out loud . 
 `` have you seen her eyes ? '' 
 ran asked and looked at each one of them . 
 `` no , i have n't . 
 her face was covered with her hair . '' 
 elizabeth . 
 `` me too . 
 i have n't seen it . '' 
 carol `` me neither . '' 
 kim `` and me . 
 why ? 
 what 's wrong with her eyes ? '' 
 carmel . . 
 `` there 's something with her eyes . 
 i 've seen it . '' 
 ran said . 
 so calm and sounds a little bit scared . 
 `` wh -- what ? 
 can you just say it straight ? 
 did she become cross-eyed that 's why she 's hiding it with her hair ? '' 
 carmel uttered , trying to make a joke . 
 `` i do n't know but when she looked at me right exactly when she entered , she suddenly looked away . 
 she was n't looking straightly on anybody 's eyes . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 she 's always like that . 
 she never look on anybody 's eyes , ever . 
 whenever you talk to her , she 'll look down or look on nowhere , making you feel that you guys are talking but a companion never existed . 
 i 'm sick of this shit . 
 she 's always like that . 
 she never give a damn what we feel . '' 
 carol said . 
 `` guys , describe to me victoria 's eyes . '' 
 ran asked them . 
 victoria saw them sat on the stairs . 
 she kept on listening to them . 
 `` brown ? '' 
 `` exactly ! 
 we all know victoria 's eyes were brown . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ran ? 
 stop making up stories . 
 what exactly are you trying to say ? '' 
 elizabeth said in an angry voice . 
 she sounds so eager to hear what ran 's trying to say . 
 at the same time , victoria was also waiting . 
 please . 
 no . 
 victoria whispered . 
 it 's too early for you guys to know . 
 she just stood there still and quiet - as if any sudden movement might shatter everything . 
 `` her eyes were golden red . 
 and there were mixed of blue on the other one . '' 
 kim laughed . 
 `` oh god ! 
 of course ! 
 ran , she 's rich . 
 she can afford buying thousands of contact lens whenever she wants to . 
 she can buy whatever mixed of colors she wants . 
 she 's weird . 
 she is fucking weird ! 
 let 's go guys . 
 this conversation is going nowhere . 
 i 'm hungry . 
 that woman -lrb- referring to victoria -rrb- is probably just in the cafeteria eating ahead of us . 
 she 'll call us sooner . 
 trust me with it , okay ? '' 
 `` believe me ! '' 
 ran yelled , trying to burst out laughing . 
 `` go cuddle with your swimmer boyfriend . 
 we 're all hungry and we do n't have time to listen on you foolish jokes . '' 
 carol laughed with kim . 
 `` we know what you saw , and they were just one of your wild illusions . '' 
 elizabeth said sarcastically . 
 `` go cuddle with piranha ! '' 
 ran answered pointing each one of them and started laughing . 
 `` no ! 
 you cuddle with your piranha buddy , chris ! 
 ` cause he looks like a piranha ! '' 
 kim said and started to run as ran 's chasing after her . 
 `` hell no ! 
 chrysler 's the piranha ! '' 
 everybody laughed and started giggling each other . 
 victoria breathed deeply and smiled painfully . 
 ` miss you . 
 she said and sighed . 
 victoria left skirrow 's using the backyard . 
 she left her car there near the trees . 
 skirrow 's medical school has their own parking area but victoria decided to park her car at the back , using the back gate as well wherein no cars actually are allowed . 
 however , since there were no guard that time , she just sneaked her car in . 
 as she walked towards her car , she heard footsteps approaching . 
 as she looked back , she was shocked . 
 thayer issamar bauer . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 she asked trying to calm her voice . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i know you would n't hurt me . 
 are you okay ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` it 's none of your business . 
 please ... . . 
 stay away ! '' 
 it was the first time she used the word ` please ' to someone ever . 
 `` no ... no ... it is my business . 
 i worry about you ! '' 
 he exclaimed . 
 `` no ! 
 worry about yourself . 
 now , move back and let me pass through . 
 remember what i did to you ? 
 i could do it again , now move ! '' 
 she insisted . 
 she moved forward . 
 thayer did n't move . 
 victoria 's heart was pounding and the burning sensation inside her was getting hotter . 
 it 's hurting her again and makes her stiff . 
 `` i beg you , stay away . 
 i do n't wan na hurt anybody . '' 
 tears streamed down . 
 she could n't stop them from falling . 
 it felt like it was her only reflex to let out the pain , the pain that was eating her alive . 
 thayer moved back and victoria ran as quickly as possible into the car . 
 her hands were shaking that she ca n't even get the key inside the starter . 
 when the car started , she drove furiously . 
 the back gate was closed so there 's no way for her to go out using that way . 
 the only option she had was to use the front gate wherein lots of students were there and as she passed through the entrance of skirrow 's , she saw her friends laughing on the street . 
 maybe they were on their way home . 
 victoria tried to slow down and stole some glimpse to them . 
 she missed laughing with them . 
 though she 's not literally laughing but the noise and laughter of her friends were something she was longing to hear . 
 she also missed hearing all their stupid thoughts about stupid people , not caring about anything else in the world as long as they 're laughing , it made them so happy . 
 being happy was not the solution to heal the burning throat and stomach of victoria lockhart . 
 all she needed was to go home . 
 she needed to be home . 
 few more meters away and she 'll be home . 
 she can get through the pain . 
 she can still endure it . 
 and when she reached home , she ran and reached out the fridge and opened it . 
 `` where is it ? '' 
 she panicked . 
 she threw everything she saw which was not what she was looking for . 
 she did n't care about the mess . 
 all she cared about was to cure the burning thing inside her . 
 `` there you are ! '' 
 she smiled painfully and took the bottle . 
 she poured all the contents out on the floor as if she was some dog digging for food . 
 she picked out 4 capsules of what the bottle contains . 
 drank it and after a few seconds , she felt better , younger , and , stronger in fact . 
 she felt good inside as if nothing happened . 
 she stood up and left the mess she made and as she walked on the living room and opened the television , memories slowly faded away as well as all of the worries she felt . 
 the longing and craving were gone . 
 she felt so good inside that she wanted to dance like fool . 
 she kept on smiling and laughing as if she 's some kind of a mentalist . 
 she does n't know of an easy way to accept it . 
 she knew things happening now meant . 
 yet , it might not have any immediate effect on her for the mean time . 
 it might be just one of god 's rotten jokes . 
 or maybe , she 's just considering it that way as an automatic response from her ego unto those unbelievable illusions . 
 she does n't need any explanations from god . 
 as if an explanation from him could make impossible things real . 
 as long as she can deny the fact that it was not eating her entire soul , she knows she 'll be okay . 
 no worries , no pains , no burns . 
 life 's either you burn them , or you 're the one burned , alive . 
 chapter five `` viki ? 
 hey honey . 
 i 'm here . 
 come . '' 
 `` mom ? '' 
 `` here honey . 
 come . '' 
 victoria tried to follow her mom 's voice . 
 `` i ca n't mom . 
 where are you ? '' 
 `` look up honey . 
 i 'm here . 
 come , honey , come . 
 you can do it . '' 
 `` help me mom , please . '' 
 victoria 's voice was shaking . 
 all she could see was a hazy room . 
 `` it 's okay honey . 
 you 'll be fine . 
 i 'm here . 
 i will never leave you . '' 
 victoria heard the soft voice of her mom thensuddenly she remembered what happened to her and she suddenly felt a gush of anger inside her . 
 `` liar ! 
 you left me ! 
 you were never with me ! 
 you left me all alone ! 
 you 're just letting me be eaten alive ! 
 where the heck are you ? '' 
 she searched hysterically everywhere . 
 all she could see now was darkness . 
 she 's now in the middle of a forest . 
 `` show up ! 
 mom ! 
 mom ! 
 i need you ! 
 why did you let me become like this ? '' 
 she screamed out loud . 
 she was surrounded by huge trees and blood in front of her . 
 all the animals , a fox hidden behind a tree was looking at her , a tiger who stopped for a moment and let his prey , a tiny little white rabbit escape , looked at victoria as well . 
 it was like that very moment , all other wild animals inside that forest stopped and looked at victoria with full pity . 
 victoria was so scared and she does n't know where to go . 
 she has blood all over her . 
 her face was full of blood , her white hospital dress and her hair frizzed because of dried blood . 
 she could smell blood everywhere . 
 at that very moment when victoria noticed all other animals including squirrels and ants and birds stopped and looked at her , she then noticed herself messed up with blood . 
 she could n't figure out if she belongs with them or not . 
 she was like a hyena who has just finished eating her meal.she looked at each one of those animals looking at her even that crow who was attempting to eat a blooded creature in front of it . 
 victoria slowly glanced to that blooded creature . 
 she walked towards it slowly , lifting it slowly to see what it was . 
 the crow flew away as victoria approached its meal . 
 as victoria lifted it up , she then saw her mom , lying down there , blooded and worst of all , dead . 
 victoria woke up . 
 fear triggered her again , an intense anxiety and a heart-stopping panic . 
 she loathed herself back but she could n't ignore the dream , or rather , a nightmare . 
 she fell asleep in the couch while she was watching television . 
 it 's middle of the night . 
 she have n't eaten dinner yet since she reached home after the final examination . 
 all she had was that four capsules as a cure of her sickness . 
 this instance kept her tied to reality like an umbilical cord refusing to let her grow up or out , or away from her source of suffocation . 
 oh , why ? 
 why is this happening to me ? 
 why wo n't it leave me alone ? 
 please ? 
 oh , please . 
 i ca n't forget that i 'm still alive . 
 she begged and covered her face with her hands . 
 she was sobbing and sweat break out her forehead . 
 she stood up and opened the window . 
 the wind outside 's blowing hard . 
 it felt like it was going to rain . 
 she moved in the new house for almost a week after the incidence . 
 she can still remember what exactly happened that night , when she escaped in the hospital . 
 she did n't know exactly where to go . 
 she woke up and saw that four-walled room . 
 she was so scared as she felt her heart pounding that moment . 
 she took the iv fluid injected to her . 
 it did n't even hurt a little when she took it off . 
 all she felt which hurt was her throat . 
 the thirst and chasm she felt made her feel so miserable . 
 she did n't know what to do . 
 she ran like she was an animal from a den who wanted a way out . 
 she even broke the glass window and she was n't able to feel any pain . 
 it hit her shoulders when she jumped off and she noticed blood flowing out . 
 please , i need something . 
 i 'm so thirsty and i want something . 
 that was what she had in mind . 
 craving and wanting something for her throat to please it . 
 she wanted to dig any deeper somewhere , a place where she could find a way out and a solution for the burning sensation inside her . 
 she ran fast as she jumped off the window . 
 she reached the forest nearby and she could n't see anything . 
 it was so dark and scary , but she just continued running . 
 she ran faster than a deer or any fastest animal on earth can . 
 she knew it since she can hear the wind blowing on her ears like a trumpet as she passed through those giant and wide trees . 
 she stopped , panting and catching her breathe . 
 she saw a dot-like light . 
 she followed it , walked slowly and tried to get used of that burning sensation inside her . 
 the pain loved cold temperature . 
 should she call it a cryanophilic ? 
 `` cold-loving feeling '' she thought . 
 if anybody could have ever seen her like that , what would they think ? 
 what would they do ? 
 will they be scared ? 
 will they burn her as how the feeling inside her was doing until she disappears in the world ? 
 she was hiding inside that dark-field forest , trying to find a way out and a cure , finding a solution . 
 god ! 
 she never called for him but at that time , she knew she needed him . 
 she begged for him to help her and give her something . 
 she was so thirsty . 
 if anybody got lost in that forest , she wanted him to warn them . 
 do n't let them come near her . 
 she begged him not to bring anyone there . 
 she was afraid of what they 'll do to her . 
 she even asked him to help her walk-away , take everything back to what she was before . 
 she continued to follow the light that she saw until it was no longer a dot . 
 there 's a small house and she saw a man standing outside . 
 she was starting to crave again . 
 the desire inside her for alleviation from the pain was back again . 
 she hid on a huge tree and observed the man . 
 she did n't know exactly what she was doing there and why she was doing it . 
 she felt the drop of blood on her shoulders . 
 it was due to the broken window she made in the bewilder district hospital . 
 how many meters did it take her to reach the place she was in now ? 
 she does n't know . 
 she was so sick . 
 she was getting weak.er she shivered not because of the cold wind hitting her body but because of the craving inside her . 
 the white hospital dress she was wearing never made it all hard for her to move . 
 the dress was no longer white , but dirty white with stains of blood and mud all over . 
 she wanted to live without that pain . 
 the sight of the man was getting blurry . 
 he probably noticed that someone was out there where victoria was hiding . 
 she could n't stop moaning in pain . 
 he walked towards her direction slowly , took few steps , looked and acted so scared . 
 `` i -- is anybody there ? '' 
 he shouted . 
 he was holding a flashlight . 
 when victoria heard his voice coming near her , she wanted and tried to run away but she no longer has any strength . 
 she could n't even see clearly the man 's face . 
 she felt a light hitting her face but she can no longer distinguish it . 
 she lost all her powers and strength to stand and open her eyes . 
 she heard the guy shouted in grief . 
 `` v -- victoria lockhart !!!! '' victoria heard him shouted her name . 
 it was her name . 
 he said her name . 
 she was so sure she heard her name . 
 how did he know about her name ? 
 victoria could n't open her eyes . 
 something 's missing in her , and that was her consciousness . 
 she could n't find it . 
 was she really victoria lockhart ? 
 she felt the man grabbing her on his arms and took her inside his little house . 
 his smell . 
 ` hmmmm ' victoria thought as she could feel the gurgling in her stomach . 
 she looked up the guy as he put her down a couch . 
 the guy ran off the kitchen . 
 there 's light but she could n't see the man 's face . 
 all she could see was his back . 
 he was boiling water . 
 victoria could feel herself hissing in the disagreeable sensation caused by suffering . 
 the guy looked back at her and smiled . 
 victoria was so shocked that it caused her to stiff like a statue . 
 she can smell herself with blood and mud cause when she explored and ran all over that dark forest where she came from and where that man saw her . 
 she can no longer hear anything except for her heart pounding like drums caused by royal parade in europe or something . 
 it was so loud that she thought it was going to break her ear drums . 
 ` th -- thayer issamar bauer ? ' 
 he came closer to her . 
 victoria tried to move back but something magnetized her . 
 after a couple of minutes trying to bring back her consciousness , she finally let out smile , a devilish smile . 
 she was no longer under control . 
 she can no longer control the craving feeling . 
 she closed her fist as one-fourth of her mind was telling her to stop . 
 victoria held him on her arms swiftly . 
 her eyes got wider , feeling the heat inside her . 
 she looked straightly towards thayer 's eyes , smiling wickedly . 
 his eyes were filled with sorrow , fear and apprehension . 
 victoria felt the compassion on his suffering . 
 `` lockhart '' thayer whispered . 
 victoria then let him go when she heard him saying her last name . 
 thayer looked so abused and hurt . 
 victoria thought she had tears in her eyes and she wanted to go home where she truly belonged . 
 she cried and it was so hard for her to stop her shoulders from shaking . 
 her heart felt so loud that it can break everything in her . 
 she could feel her blood craving . 
 her legs felt tired . 
 her mouth was dry . 
 `` i - - i 'm sorry . '' 
 she stuttered . 
 `` please , `` she hesitated but she needed to say it . 
 she could n't help it . 
 `` please ... . . '' 
 she cried . 
 `` help me . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i 'm thirsty . 
 my throat is drying . '' 
 she answered with her voice shivering . 
 `` i 'll get you a glass of water . 
 just a minute . '' 
 he hurried . 
 victoria ran quickly and grab him again in his arms . 
 `` w-why ? '' 
 he asked , scared in fear again . 
 `` i do n't need ... a glass of water . '' 
 she said in a low voice . 
 `` you are thirsty , are n't you ? 
 then what is it that you want ? '' 
 he asked , confused . 
 `` i want ... you . '' 
 he chuckled and said . 
 `` me ? '' 
 he looked up , about to lose his temper as he put his hands on his waists and started shaking his head in disbelief . 
 `` me ? '' 
 he repeated as he pointed himself . 
 victoria smiled like an innocent girl asking for his father 's approval to give her a piece of candy . 
 `` me ? 
 are you drunk lockhart ? 
 what is all these ? 
 do n't play games on me . 
 why were you in the woods with all that blood ? '' 
 he now got the nerve to ask her . 
 victoria did not answer . 
 she frowned in disappointment . 
 `` are you playing pranks on me ? 
 are your friends out there waiting for the result of this game ? '' 
 he walked towards the window and looked outside . 
 `` are n't you supposed to be in the hospital since you 've collapsed this morning at school ? 
 was that a prank too ? '' 
 he chuckled again and looked at victoria without blinking . 
 victoria does n't know what to say . 
 she does n't know where to start or why she should explain it . 
 `` get out . 
 now ! '' 
 thayer issamar bauer shouted and pointed victoria the door . 
 he even opened it for her to go out . 
 victoria stood there , still shaking . 
 she never moved . 
 she looked down the floor , her face covered with her messy hair . 
 she then heard thayer 's footsteps approaching her . 
 he held his right hand , assisting her to walk out the door . 
 he just stopped when he heard victoria hiccuped . 
 he stopped moving for a moment and tried to analyze the situation . 
 he let out of her hands and slowly walked towards her . 
 he brushed her hair to see her face . 
 victoria still never let out a word . 
 she just stood there and let him brush her hair to see her face . 
 thayer did n't know what to do when he saw victoria 's face filled with tears . 
 he tried to wipe each and every tear dropping but they were fast enough for him to catch and wipe . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't mean to be rude to you . 
 i -- i just ... '' he tried to explain as he felt guilty with everything he said to victoria . 
 `` i just do n't want to sleep with you lockhart . '' 
 he said in a low and embarrassed voice . 
 `` who told you i want to sleep with you ? '' 
 victoria answered this time . 
 her voice was still kind of husky for not talking for a couple of minutes already . 
 she tried to clear her throat and looked up at bauer . 
 `` get over yourself bauer . 
 i do n't know what i want . 
 i 'm too hungry and thirsty . 
 when i saw you and heard something pumping inside you , i craved more . '' 
 she explained . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . 
 i do n't wan na hurt you . '' 
 victoria continued . 
 she felt tears swam out of her eyes again . 
 she felt ashamed and decided to head out of the door , escaping , again . 
 she does n't want to hurt anybody . 
 she knew that whatever she wanted from thayer might hurt him . 
 she knew inside her that she is not a monster . 
 `` w-wait ! 
 d-don ' t leave . '' 
 bauer shouted . 
 victoria heard him walked on the kitchen . 
 she heard the sound of knife clinging . 
 she looked back , tried to see what he was doing . 
 she saw him cutting his hand . 
 she even saw blood dropping on the glass . 
 that smell . 
 she thought as she sniffed slightly like a dog . 
 she lifted her head up and prayed to heaven . 
 god , i need it , right now . 
 thanks for the dinner . 
 amen . 
 she ran as fast as the wind towards the kitchen . 
 the blood was filled half of the glass . 
 she grabbed it swiftly but thayer 's hands were faster to stop hers . 
 `` hold on . 
 be still . '' 
 he said , smiling , though victoria can see his entire face became so pale . 
 it was hurting him . 
 the blood continued to drop unto the glass . 
 `` i was just ... . . 
 starving . '' 
 she replied and smiled back sweetly . 
 `` did you just smile at me lockhart ? 
 ` cause it 's the first time i ever saw you smile . '' 
 it hit victoria like a bullet . 
 did she really ... . 
 smile at him ? 
 she recalled what just happened five seconds ago . 
 she did smile at him , maybe because of too much excitement on having her dinner or something . 
 `` how did you know i wanted this ? '' 
 victoria asked curiously . 
 `` i 've seen stuffs like this on movies , like the breaking dawn . 
 i actually just assumed it 's what you wanted . 
 and ... '' he stopped . 
 `` and ? '' 
 `` and i 'm so sorry for making you cry , i swear to god i did n't mean it . '' 
 `` it 's okay . 
 you 've given me a glass of your blood . 
 i call it even now . '' 
 victoria smiled again as if she knew thayer for a long time . 
 victoria took the glass briskly and drank it as if she has n't drunk for a long period of time . 
 she sipped until the last drop . 
 she saw thayer watching her . 
 she saw his face at the bottom of the glass as she continued to drink even the very last drop of blood . 
 `` thank you '' victoria told him in a low , but secretly happy and satisfied voice . 
 she saw few more blood on the palm of his hands . 
 victoria took thayer 's palm and sipped the remaining blood . 
 `` whoa ... that 's so ... . . 
 abusive . '' 
 he said and chuckled . 
 victoria felt ashamed . 
 `` i want more . '' 
 she told him . 
 she was completely shocked with what she just did . 
 she swiftly done something that causes the burning sensation inside her slowly disappear . 
 she unconsciously kissed thayer issamar bauer . 
 he was n't moving , probably shocked . 
 he kissed her back but then victoria suddenly let go of him . 
 thayer stiffed and became unresponsive . 
 he tried to breathe deeply but it was cut with his sudden grief . 
 no one was out there to help him now . 
 `` i 've tasted blood . '' 
 he said on nowhere . 
 victoria looked at him wondering what he meant . 
 `` oh . '' 
 she then figured out that her mouth was filled with blood when she kissed him . 
 `` that . 
 uhmmmm . 
 i apologize . 
 that was ... '' she wondered what to say . 
 `` that was nice . '' 
 she continued . 
 she wiped the edge of thayer 's lips as there were already few bloods as well . 
 after she wiped his lips , she wiped hers too . 
 she then kissed him back again and whispered on his ears . 
 `` without blood . '' 
 she said . 
 he was so close to her that he nearly died with that breathtaking kiss . 
 she could have broken his bones with every injustice and deadly moves she made . 
 thayer forgotten what creature he had in front of him . 
 he just let her kiss him . 
 he probably was enjoying it somehow as he kept on kissing her back as well . 
 he even grab her by the waist and just let their lips take the taste of blood and replace it with sweetness . 
 `` i have to go . '' 
 victoria suddenly just cut out the moment and acted as if nothing awkward just happened . 
 she even tried to fix her hair and headed towards the door . 
 she just suddenly stopped when she passed by a human-sized mirror and saw herself . 
 she moved nearer and examined her entire body . 
 she was amazed with what she saw . 
 ` was it ... me ? ' 
 she wondered . 
 she moved closer to the mirror to see her eyes closer . 
 the color of her eyes changed , her skin got fairer , like dead , her hair became darker losing its pure blondness , turning into black . 
 she stared on her reflection in a feeling of mingled surprise and astonishment , and doubt . 
 her hands searched the entire surface of her face . 
 she saw in the reflection thayer looking at her curiously . 
 she ignored him ; she was more interested with what 's happening to her right now . 
 she rifted the sleeve of her clothes , expecting a wounded shoulder after how she broke the window in the hospital . 
 she knew she was sweating with blood when she reached thayer 's area . 
 she 's not even aware where thayer 's place is . 
 she just knew she came there unknowingly . 
 with full ambiguity , neither a wound nor scratches were there . 
 however , she wondered where the blood came from , or could it be ... . 
 healed ? 
 was it even real ? 
 she just saw it happening on movies before . 
 `` the blood was the cure ? '' ' 
 she whispered . 
 in great remorse , she felt more like a monster inside . 
 `` how did it happen to me ? '' 
 was she of the same kind like damon salvatore in the vampire diaries or bella swan in the breaking dawn ? 
 what is she then ? 
 the blood cured the burning inside her veins . 
 she was back , alive , again because of it . 
 good thing she was able to hold on to the life she was stealing against the person behind the blood that awakens her , thayer issamar bauer 's blood . 
 she was breathing normally again because of it . 
 she was savoring the blood she was drinking . 
 `` give me some clothes . '' 
 she commanded as if she was talking to a slave . 
 he was n't moving . 
 he acted as if he did n't hear victoria . 
 `` you 're ... . . '' 
 he stopped . 
 `` a monster ? '' 
 victoria continued looking at him sharply . 
 `` no . 
 although , yeah . 
 partly . 
 but no , you 're not a monster . 
 if you are , you could have stolen my life . '' 
 he explained . 
 he has a point , but still , victoria knew she was barely human . 
 no human on earth would love to drink blood and can cure the wound in her body . 
 no other human can do that . 
 however , she was aware that she was no longer a human . 
 she was afraid she can no longer have the heart to stop that inhumanity . 
 she has seen a lot of these instances on tv 's and she knew although she never believed in them before , what was happening to her now was almost the same . 
 `` please , give me some clothes . 
 i need to leave before the sun goes up . '' 
 she begged . 
 she thought she will be burned alive when the sun hits her . 
 thayer walked into one of the rooms . 
 she examined the entire house . 
 it was n't that big enough but a clean and organized house . 
 everything 's in place . 
 victoria saw a picture on the center table of the living room . 
 it was jack bauer and a girl she does n't know , probably his girlfriend , or a sister , or a mom ? 
 she has a short blonde hair . 
 she was gorgeous and has those blue eyes . 
 after searching , victoria followed thayer in the room . 
 `` where are the clothes ? 
 what took you so long ? '' 
 she asked vigorously . 
 he threw it on the floor as if she was some kind of an animal . 
 `` oh , kay ? 
 thanks ? '' 
 she said with full confusion as she rolled her eyes and nod . 
 she picked it up and put it on the chair beside her . 
 she took off her clothes not minding thayer 's still inside , sitting on the bed , staring outside the window . 
 the blood on her shoulder got dried and she needed to clean it off . 
 `` give me a wet towel . '' 
 he did n't move , still pretending not hear her . 
 she nodded again as if she knew and felt where it was going . 
 she just ignored and tried to avoid not to sympathize with him . 
 she saw a wash room and she entered as if it was her own house . 
 she cleaned up her beautiful messy face . 
 she wore the jeans bauer handed her and a shirt which exactly fitted on her . 
 she walked out of the wash room . 
 `` how come you have a girl 's clothes in your house ? 
 is this your sister 's ? '' 
 she asked as if she was a detective interviewing him . 
 `` why did you do that ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` do what ? '' 
 she asked innocently and then changed it into a devilish chuckle . 
 she saw a basket full of fruits on a table near the bed . 
 she picked one and ate it . 
 `` oh no ! '' 
 she exclaimed in too much disgust . 
 `` do n't tell me ... . '' 
 she nearly laughed out loud , teasing him . 
 `` do n't tell me it was your first kiss ! '' 
 she could n't help herself but laugh . 
 his face was still serious not minding her laughing . 
 when she finished laughing sarcastically , she continued . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 it meant ... nothing . 
 really . 
 did i steal your first kiss away ? 
 let me give it back then '' she moved near him . 
 victoria 's hands touched his face , searching for his consciousness back to normal . 
 her arms were lying towards him . 
 she felt him on her fingertips and her index finger was sliced towards his lips . 
 she looked at him long enough that she can say he was ceased right straight in his eyes by her mesmerizing smile . 
 she can hear him swallowing , and worried . 
 she could n't control herself which made her laugh out loud again , loud enough to make it echo in the entire darkness outside . 
 `` i have to go . 
 i do n't have time for your dramas bauer . '' 
 she wiped the few tears that popped out of her eyes due to too much laughing . 
 she no longer look at him . 
 she managed to laugh alone as she walked out the dark forest . 
 `` was it really his first kiss ? '' 
 she wondered . 
 memories suddenly rushed like a wave inside victoria 's head . 
 she remembered her mom , her friends , and everything that happened to her in the past up to the present . 
 she continued walking and shook her head trying to stop all the flashbacks from playing inside her head . 
 the sun 's not around and light was gone . 
 she was walking in the middle of a forest , looking for the main road . 
 she forgot to ask thayer about the way . 
 darkness covered her but she was not marrying it . 
 she was alive and that 's what was important . 
 she 's living like it all depends on her . 
 then , victoria found the road , but she did n't know where to go . 
 `` oh . 
 how can i ever be so stupid ? 
 how am i supposed to go where i wanted to go now ? '' 
 she ran back like an eagle towards thayer 's house . 
 the lights were off when she arrived . 
 she nodded . 
 `` did he leave ? '' 
 victoria knocked . 
 `` bauer ? 
 bauer ? 
 it 's me , victoria . '' 
 nobody answered . 
 it took her like 10 minutes standing and waiting outside . 
 `` that human ! '' 
 she exclaimed . 
 `` his life probably is more dramatic than mine . 
 do n't let me do this . '' ' 
 she whispered . 
 she now felt impatient . 
 she walked around the house , searching for the location of the room where she left thayer . 
 she went near the window and looked inside . 
 she saw him lying down the bed . 
 she made a loud knocking on the glass window . 
 he stood up and opened the lights . 
 he went near the window , not opening it . 
 he just stood there without talking . 
 `` open it ! '' 
 victoria made an action of telling him to open the window . 
 he just shook his head in disbelief . 
 `` oh man ! 
 do n't let me do this again . '' 
 victoria said loudly , annoyed . 
 she moved backwards , gaining some force . 
 he looked at her wondering what she was about to do . 
 she smiled as she ran off the window , broke it like what she done in the hospital , and she knew she was n't even hurt at all , but it did hurt thayer . 
 because of that intensity force , she hit him which caused him to fall down the floor . 
 she was on top of him , but fast enough to hold his head so that it wo n't hit the floor and wo n't break his skull . 
 `` how many damage do you have to do for you to leave me alone ? '' 
 he said . 
 victoria smiled . 
 `` as if you can call kiss as damage . 
 that was a consolation of these all . '' 
 she teased . 
 `` i told you to open up the window but you did n't . 
 look what you 've done . '' 
 `` i 've done ? '' 
 he repeated . 
 `` uh huh ? 
 you 've done . '' 
 she said in sarcasm . 
 `` get off me . '' 
 he said `` oh . '' 
 victoria stood up , taking out those small pieces of glass . 
 one piece of glass hit her palm . 
 she took it as if it did n't hurt a little . 
 `` i 'm not here to kiss you again . 
 i 'm just going to use your phone . '' 
 she said as she searched the room . 
 `` phone ? '' 
 victoria laid her hand on him asking for his phone . 
 `` there . '' 
 he pointed a cordless phone on a far end corner of the room . 
 victoria called her mom . 
 `` mom , i 'm in trouble . '' 
 victoria told directly to her mom as she picked up the phone . 
 `` w-wait . 
 who 's this ? '' 
 theresa lockhart asked . 
 `` viki , i 'm moving out of the dormitory and i need a house . 
 i do n't know where to go . 
 i do n't know what 's going on . 
 i do n't know what happened . '' 
 `` w-what ? 
 w-why ? 
 what happened ? 
 were you expelled ? 
 did you fail ? '' 
 `` god ! 
 that 's the last thing that will ever happen to me . 
 i do n't know where to spend the night . '' 
 `` then where are you ? 
 honey , it is 3 o’clock in the morning . 
 i was sleeping 5 minutes ago before you called . '' 
 `` i 'm on a stranger 's house . '' 
 stranger . 
 victoria heard thayer 's thought . 
 she paused for a minute and repeated on her thoughts the word stranger . 
 she knew she heard thayer thinking of it . 
 `` okay . 
 hold on . 
 i 'm gon na get you a plane ticket . 
 go home . '' 
 `` brilliant idea ! 
 i think that 's the best thing you 've ever told me . 
 i think you deserve to know the truth . '' 
 `` i know it . 
 go back as soon as you can . '' 
 line ended . 
 victoria put the telephone down . 
 she looked on the phone and searched for ideas to come out of her genuine brain . 
 `` do you have a car ? '' 
 `` y-yes . '' 
 `` take me to the nearest airport . '' 
 `` i thought you are strong ? 
 you broke my window , so probably you can also run to the airport . '' 
 `` oh yeah . 
 cool ! 
 great idea ! '' 
 victoria smiled at him . 
 `` oh . 
 then i should n't have called my mom . 
 i can just fly in the air like superman way back home , right ? 
 or ... . 
 do you want to fly ? 
 me , throwing you in the air like a firework . 
 you want that ? '' 
 victoria said , irritated . 
 `` i 'll give you a ride down to the airport . '' 
 she smirked . 
 looser . 
 she knew she won against him again . 
 chapter six thayer took victoria to the bewilder domestic airport . 
 victoria felt guilty on what she did with bauer but in a way , she was glad ` cause it saved her . 
 she arrived 4:36 in the morning at walsh domestic airport . 
 it was still dark when she went out of the airport but she wore sunglasses to cover her eyes . 
 she felt it was changing inevitably from time to time . 
 people might wonder if what was going on with her if they see it . 
 she refused to be picked up by their chauffeur . 
 she preferred taking a cab so that she could prepare of what and how to say it to her mom . 
 she was scared of her family . 
 they might refuse not to accept her for what she was now . 
 victoria was thinking deeply that she noticed the taxi driver staring at her every now and then . 
 she looked away , trying to hide her eyes from him . 
 walsh is one of the farthest city in nashville and victoria 's house was like an isolated area covered with tall and thick walls . 
 the taxi stopped and victoria seen the numbers and name printed on their gate . 
 6747 springpark ave. walsh city , nashville tennessee ; lockhart residences victoria did n't move and stayed still inside the cab . 
 days before the incident , she was craving for her mom . 
 now , she felt frightened . 
 `` you live here ? '' 
 the driver asked her . 
 she tried not to look at him . 
 she handed the money to him . 
 he was handing victoria the change but she did n't bother to take it . 
 she felt nervous and scared enough to mind it . 
 she was standing outside their gate . 
 she pressed the button . 
 it has a camera so she knew that they can see her inside . 
 `` it 's me . '' 
 she faced the small monitor near the bell . 
 few more seconds , the gate opened . 
 she headed in . 
 the main house 's few more meters away from the gate . 
 she still need to pass by the spacious garden where she used to play when she was still a little kid . 
 the maid opened the big front door . 
 victoria had her hair covered partially on her face , trying to hide her monstrous appearance . 
 when she get in , they 're all there ; victoria 's mom , theresa lockhart ; her sister kristine mayers , and victoria 's older brother , emzi mayers ; victoria also saw her 3 year-old niece , sophia mayers running towards her . 
 `` viki ! '' 
 she screamed and embraced victoria . 
 it has been a few years since she last came home . 
 she missed everyone so much especially her one and only niece , sophia . 
 victoria held sophia 's little hands and kissed them . 
 victoria was just looking down the floor , waiting for everyone to talk first . 
 she heard footsteps , her mom 's . 
 she memorized every step her mom takes ever since she was a kid . 
 victoria felt like she was a little rebellious girl who has done a big mistake who 's about to be punished . 
 she wanted to act so brave as how she used to do , but she was so scared enough to act , not now , not on that moment . 
 `` honey . '' 
 her mom whispered . 
 her voice now was all real . 
 victoria never looked up . 
 she felt her mom 's lips kissing her hair . 
 `` who was that stranger ? 
 does that person know about this ? '' 
 ` this ? ' 
 victoria thought . 
 suspicions came flooding her mind . 
 what did theresa lockhart meant with `` this '' ? 
 victoria managed to straighten her head and looked around . 
 she looked on each and everyone 's faces . 
 she could n't sense any smiles in their faces . 
 they all looked worried , and terrified . 
 she looked back at her mom , wondering . 
 victoria gave theresa a questioning look . 
 `` oh god ! 
 honey , i 'm so sorry . '' 
 theresa embraced her . 
 victoria knew that her mom saw the changes on her physically . 
 she was still puzzling out what was happening . 
 why was theresa not so shocked at all ? 
 why were n't they asking her what happened to her although it was pretty obvious that for a couple of minutes only , there were lots of changes that was happening to victoria already ? 
 why were n't they scared of her ? 
 why ? 
 victoria kept asking herself with those unwanted thoughts . 
 `` w-w ... '' she does n't know exactly what to say or to ask . 
 she cleared her throat . 
 `` how did it happen to me ? '' 
 victoria tried to ask . 
 `` your ancestors . '' 
 theresa answered . 
 so she knows what 's happening to me . 
 the disgusting feeling came rushing inside victoria 's veins . 
 that kind of remorse hit her straight into her heart which might cause her a cardiac attack . 
 she nearly cried . 
 how can her mom did that to her ? 
 did everyone know of what 's going on ? 
 did they know what happened to her ? 
 why were n't they shocked ? 
 victoria needed them to scream in the horrifying situation she has now . 
 what the fuck was going on ? 
 she asked herself . 
 `` my ancestors ? '' 
 victoria managed to ask theresa . 
 `` it 's in your father 's blood . '' 
 her mom answered . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 victoria screamed in anger . 
 tears were flowing but she ignored them . 
 she was trying to dig the truth now . 
 `` do you want to know the truth ? '' 
 her mom asked , hesitating if telling victoria would make everything better . 
 `` oh no . 
 please lie to me ! '' 
 victoria felt anger and eagerness to find out the truth that she almost forgotten who she was talking to . 
 `` crap ! 
 of course i want to know the truth ! '' 
 everyone looked at victoria with a very plain reaction on their faces . 
 maybe they were already expecting that kind of reaction from her . 
 an overwhelming sorrow hit victoria like a bullet . 
 `` your father 's a wirth . 
 you got it from your father 's blood . '' 
 `` what 's a wirth ? '' 
 `` in folklore , wirths are those who feed on blood . 
 they become violent whenever they feel anger , and wrath . 
 they are susceptible from being hurt . 
 stronger wirths are more capable of withstanding pain . 
 they are deadly and decisive . 
 they move faster than normal people do . 
 they can go into places faster than a car can . 
 they 're powerful . 
 some gifted wirth 's are able to sense their company 's feelings and thoughts . '' 
 `` what do you mean can sense ? '' 
 victoria interrupted . 
 `` they are able to feel other people 's feelings except pain . '' 
 theresa explained and continued . 
 `` wirth 's choose to love or not . 
 they can command their feelings and thoughts . 
 more powerful wirths can command a fellow wirth what to do as if they were programmed to perform variety of tasks . '' 
 `` enough . '' 
 victoria held up her hand to shut her mom . 
 she felt so fully confused . 
 `` cut it out . 
 this is not twilight or the vampire diaries . 
 please , just tell me the truth . 
 i 'll handle it . '' 
 `` it is the truth . '' 
 theresa answered back as she walked towards the table to get the picture frame of their family . 
 a long silence covered the entire room . 
 `` how did you know i turned into a wirth ? '' 
 victoria 's voice was trying to calm down . 
 she felt guilty for answering back her beloved mom in a wrong way . 
 `` when you called , i knew it was already the time you 'll change . '' 
 `` what ? 
 how did you know that ? '' 
 `` other wirths live like normal people . 
 on their 19th year , they can discover what abilities they possess and fully transform into a wirth . '' 
 `` how did that happen ? 
 i 'm not even 19 yet . 
 i 'll turn 19 next week ! '' 
 victoria asked in a high voice . 
 `` i also wonder . 
 you 're a stronger wirth . '' 
 victoria chuckled . 
 `` stronger ? 
 so i 'm powerful ? 
 then maybe i can be a member of dramatic series , right ? 
 mom ? '' 
 theresa did not answer . 
 she just kept on staring on the frame that their whole family had . 
 `` every part in your body was encouraged by your blood to change earlier than a normal wirth can . 
 your flesh is abiding your blood 's desire for blood . '' 
 theresa put down the frame . 
 `` why did you hide it from me ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` we are trying to protect you . '' 
 her mom answered . 
 `` protect me ? '' 
 victoria whispered and laughed quietly . 
 `` why did n't you protect me earlier ? 
 why did you let me reach into this stage ? 
 you could have just killed me . '' 
 theresa looked at victoria sharply . 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 `` w-what ? '' 
 victoria asked . 
 `` did you ... . '' 
 theresa paused . 
 `` taste human blood ? 
 did you kill anybody ? '' 
 victoria looked around her . 
 she remembered thayer , cutting himself and giving her blood to drink . 
 it made her feel horrible . 
 `` did you ? '' 
 victoria heard her mom scolding her like a kid which made her jump . 
 `` yes i did but he 's alive . 
 he 's so alive '' victoria seen kristine holding sophia and brought her into the room . 
 she suddenly felt that everyone got scared of her . 
 `` he just bleed himself and gave his blood to me . '' 
 victoria cleared her throat . 
 `` he 's alive ? '' 
 theresa made sure . 
 `` of course , he is . '' 
 victoria looked down trying not to cry . 
 `` how come he 's still alive ? '' 
 `` i told you . 
 he cut himself and poured it into a glass . 
 you do n't expect me to break his hand and eat it like in the movie wrong turn right ? '' 
 `` but that 's impossible . '' 
 theresa walked back on forth trying to think . 
 `` now that you are a neophyte viki , please do not infect other people . 
 do not be a monster . 
 you get it ? '' 
 monster . 
 victoria kept repeating to herself . 
 `` i do n't want to be a monster mom . '' 
 victoria paused as she felt a drop of tear fell from her eyes . 
 `` you 're the last person i ever wanted to hear that word with . '' 
 she said in a low , and calm voice . 
 `` oh god , honey , i 'm so sorry . 
 what i 'm trying to say is that it 'll be very hard for you to resist blood . 
 you need to help yourself not to hurt anybody because of that craving inside you . 
 the coming days will be harder . '' 
 tears rushed down victoria 's cheeks , so unstoppable enough which also made her shake . 
 `` you said i 'm a wirth and i 'm safe with pain . 
 why does it hurt a lot inside ? '' 
 she asked , sobbing . 
 theresa said victoria would n't feel anything - not pain or love either . 
 well , it did hurt and she did feel love . 
 she felt love which made her feel hate and violence afterwards . 
 she has been brought down to earth and cursed . 
 `` honey , you 're a neophyte . 
 you 're like a newborn wirth . 
 later these days , you 'll encounter lots of changes . '' 
 `` i am scared . '' 
 victoria said honestly as theresa embraced her . 
 `` mom ? '' 
 victoria lifted her head to see her mom 's face . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` what happened to dad ? '' 
 theresa paused and sighed as if it was the hardest topic she can ever open up with her daughter . 
 victoria realized it was hard for her mom to talk about it even now . 
 since she was a kid , she never really understood what happened to her father because her mom always gets angry whenever she asked . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i just really want to know . '' 
 victoria knew that kristine and emzi have a different father . 
 their father got divorced with theresa and by then , her mother met matthew lockhart , victoria 's father . 
 `` he died . '' 
 theresa answered , breaking the silence . 
 `` literally ? '' 
 victoria asked curiously . 
 other people would say a person died just in their memories but victoria wanted to know if he really died , like gone in the world . 
 `` yes honey , literally . '' 
 theresa smiled . 
 `` how ? 
 why ? '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 theresa said in a tensed voice . 
 `` can we talk about it ? '' 
 `` i guess . 
 all of these things going on now , well , you deserve to know the truth viki . '' 
 victoria got up so that she could listen to theresa carefully . 
 chapter seven `` go . 
 hide victoria . 
 run and hide away from here . 
 they should n't know she is alive . '' 
 matthew lockhart said in panic as he arrived to tell theresa a bad news . 
 they were supposed to meet matthew 's family to introduce theresa and her 3 weeks-old baby , victoria lockhart . 
 matthew thought that the war between the two groups of wirths was over . 
 he never expected that introducing his child would be one of the reasons for the war to continue . 
 matthew lockhart considered himself to be one of the white wirths , wherein they live like human beings and does n't kill people . 
 others even live in big cities in the u.s trying to live peacefully . 
 his mother , tatiana valdovski was a black wirth . 
 she was a daughter of the king of all black wirths but all she wanted was freedom and peace . 
 she thought that marrying a white wirth would be the end of the war between the two kingdoms . 
 like tatiana 's mother , she was a very gentle and kind wirth . 
 even though she killed for her survival , but she never became like her father which was a very greedy and rude king . 
 the king of the black wirths executed whoever disobeyed his rules in the kingdom . 
 he would even let the women in the kingdom be slayed and raped by their own soldiers . 
 seeing those activities made by tatiana valdovski 's father made her horrified with the kingdom 's future . 
 it terrified her as well when it came to the point that their own people killed each other for their own lives ' survival . 
 they ate each other and drunk each others blood . 
 tatiana and her mother decided to escape . 
 on that night wherein they planned to leave and abandon their own kingdom , tatiana , with her mother and the other women who hid and ran into the woods , did everything they can to save their lives . 
 they planned to cross the forbidden boundary between two kingdoms called the psaille lake . 
 you can always tell the difference between two kingdoms because in the southern part where the black wirths dwell , you can only see dark and foggy forest with its bloody moon almost covering the sky . 
 you can also see the tip of their palace where tatiana and her family . 
 it has a circular iron with a shape of blood in it and two swords forming a cross in the center of it . 
 there were no daylight in the black kingdom . 
 they lived in darkness . 
 blood and dead black wirths can be smelled everywhere . 
 tatiana knew it was no longer right to live that way and kill their own people . 
 so , even though her mom 's and her power were not strong enough to fight against their own soldiers , they still tried to escape risking their own lives . 
 they were also aware that even if they stay , they will still die in the hands of their men and worst of all , in the hands of tatiana 's father . 
 few days ago before they planned their escapade , tatiana heard her father talking with the leader of all soldiers to cross the psaille lake . 
 they were planning to attack and invade the white kingdom . 
 she also heard that she will be marrying the leader of the soldiers before the said invasion . 
 that leader who everyone called as `` the finest killer '' named as villionere baltemint , planned to get married with the daughter of the black wirth 's king . 
 tatiana also heard that it would be a bloody wedding event in the history of black kingdom because they were planning to offer tatiana 's body and soul to the black temple where they believe the black gods exist . 
 they were planning to kill her in front of that temple as on offer and a trade for the gods to help them for the upcoming invasion . 
 when tatiana heard about it , she could n't help herself but feel horrified with the thoughts . 
 she never wanted to continue the slavery , slaughtering and poverty in their kingdom . 
 for others , tatiana and her mother 's plan will be considered as betrayal , but what they were not aware of was that , the decision they made was for the freedom of their people and for the peace between two kingdoms . 
 `` we are almost there . '' 
 laviagna valdovski , tatiana 's mother , said as they kept on running like eagle in the woods . 
 tatiana stopped when she heard from afar the beasts growling and footsteps running . 
 `` they came after us mother ! '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 laviagna looked at the women who were running with them . 
 tatiana and laviagna had their own power . 
 laviagna can camouflage to hide herself from enemies and kill them with her scream while tatiana has the ability of hearing sounds from miles away and kill her enemies by whispering her commands . 
 while normal black wirths can only kill by pointing at their enemies . 
 that was the weakest power a black wirth can ever has for normal wirths . 
 in the black kingdom , tatiana 's father already killed other men who has greater power than the normal one 's . 
 they did it because it might be the cause of people 's rebellion against the soldiers and the kingdom . 
 `` they are coming . 
 we must hurry . '' 
 tatiana screamed . 
 they were few more wide trees away from the lake . 
 tatiana and the others can already see the bright light from the white kingdom . 
 `` they 're here . '' 
 tatiana looked back and grabbed the women behind her . 
 she pushed them nearer the lake for them to escape but the beasts were fast enough to grab them on the arms and rift their bodies apart . 
 tatiana saw the rifted body of those women they were with . 
 she saw how the beasts killed and ate them . 
 she also saw the black wirth soldiers ; their leader , villionere baltemint ; and her father , the king of black kingdom . 
 tatiana and laviagna held each other . 
 it was the two of them left . 
 two of them against the soldiers , the beasts and the king . 
 `` traitors ! '' 
 tatiana 's father screamed . 
 `` kill the queen and leave tatiana alive . '' 
 villionere baltemint commanded the soldiers . 
 tatiana and her mother fought all of them . 
 they tried to use their power but the soldiers and beasts were strong enough to kill them easily . 
 tatiana saw villionere baltemint and her father standing behind a big oak tree watching the fight . 
 laviagna killed some of the beasts and soldiers , while tatiana tried to find their way out of that fight and cross the boundary . 
 `` it 's time mother . '' 
 tatiana whispered as they prepared to combine their power and run towards the boundary where they would be safer . 
 lightning , wind and earthquakes combined when tatiana and laviagna valdovski joined their power together . 
 they killed their own kingdom 's soldiers and beasts . 
 the king and villionere were shocked when their men fell on the ground with their dead body . 
 tatiana then held her mother 's arms and ran towards the border . 
 one step away from the border when tatiana suddenly felt a force which almost made her deaf . 
 it was a very strong force . 
 the force made her let go of her mom 's hand and covered her ears as she heard a whistling sound of wind approaching them . 
 when she looked back to see where the force was coming , all she saw was her mom lying down the ground with her eyes wide open . 
 `` go . 
 save your life my love . '' 
 laviagna said in a very weak and dying voice . 
 tatiana saw her mom dying . 
 she also saw her father crossing his right index with his left little finger next to her mom . 
 `` you killed her . '' 
 tatiana just said as tears fell down her eyes . 
 her mother was killed by her own father . 
 `` how could you ? '' 
 `` traitors are meant to be killed , '' her father just said . 
 he walked towards tatiana . 
 until then , she realized she took that last step and she got into the border , unharmed and safe . 
 chapter eight tatiana woke up and as she opened her eyes , she almost got blinded by the light . 
 it was the very first time she saw a light . 
 she stood from the ground where she was lying from . 
 she heard bird chirping all over the forest . 
 it was a very beautiful place . 
 it was far from the woods they had in black kingdom . 
 she also saw colorful butterflies flying around her as she walked and explored the forest . 
 she saw beautiful flowers of different kinds . 
 she never thought that trees have different colors either . 
 in black kingdom , they only have trees without leaves . 
 the leaves withered and never grew again in their kingdom . 
 `` it 's so beautiful . '' 
 the only words that came out of tatiana 's mouth . 
 she looked back where she came from . 
 she saw a dark spot where black kingdom was . 
 it was so dark that she could n't see anything visible in it . 
 in black kingdom , the psaille lake was just a water filled with dead bodies who failed to escape from the kingdom . 
 in the white kingdom , the psaille lake looked different . 
 it was filled with different animals like deer , fishes , and many other living animals . 
 they even looked at tatiana . 
 she tried to go near them but they ran away as she walked towards them . 
 a group of birds also flew away as tatiana continued to walk all over the forest . 
 by then she heard steps approaching her way . 
 she tried to hide behind a tree but it was too late . 
 she saw a white horse coming with a beautiful man guiding it . 
 the man was wearing a beautiful and fine clothes . 
 it was also the first time tatiana saw a man dressed that way . 
 in their kingdom , men often are undressed . 
 they only have a piece of clothes covering their private parts . 
 only soldiers and the king had the finest clothes in black kingdom . 
 `` black wirth . '' 
 the guy got off the horse and took his sword out . 
 `` please do n't kill me . 
 please . 
 i need your help . '' 
 tatiana said as she fell on the ground when she thought the man was going to kill her . 
 after five years of being in the white kingdom , tatiana got married to daniel lockhart , the man who found him in the forest , and the prince of the white kingdom . 
 they had 3 children , matthew lockhart , jimmy lockhart and rebecca lockhart . 
 they lived peacefully in the white kingdom . 
 they also tried to live with humans in chestnut hill , massachussets . 
 their eldest child , matthew lockhart , father of victoria lockhart , decided to live in walsh city in nashville , tennessee where he built his own family . 
 his parents were not against it . 
 but as wirth , they should n't kill humans because they grew up as white wirths and that 's against their laws . 
 as matthew lockhart met theresa , victoria 's mother , they tried to bring baby victoria in chestnut hill to introduce to tatiana and daniel . 
 they also went to the white kingdom to introduce their newborn daughter to their people but everything went wrong . 
 the black wirths made their invasion . 
 the war between white and black kingdom happened on the day of victoria lockhart 's baptism in white kingdom . 
 the soldiers covered theresa for them to escape with victoria . 
 matthew took them in chestnut hill . 
 they thought they were safe there but without knowing , the black wirths tracked them . 
 on that very day , matthew asked theresa to take victoria far away , somewhere safe . 
 theresa knew that , that was the end and that he will never see her husband again . 
 matthew lockhart went back to white kingdom to save their beloved kingdom and the people . 
 few months after the incident , theresa waited if matthew will still come back home . 
 she hid with victoria in walsh city . 
 a phone call came after months of waiting . 
 she hoped to hear matthew 's voice . 
 `` theresa , this is rebecca . '' 
 `` hey rebecca . 
 god is good . 
 i am glad you are alive . '' 
 theresa said in a very worried voice . 
 `` thanks but ... '' rebecca paused . 
 theresa knew what would be next . 
 `` matthew 's dead . 
 he died fighting the black wirths . 
 the kingdom 's now fine . 
 the last time i spoke with matt was before he left for the battle . 
 he told me to tell you to keep victoria safe . 
 the black wirths are after her . 
 they said that according to the prophecy of wirth , your daughter , victoria would be the strongest living wirth . 
 she is from a combined blood of black , white and human blodd . 
 please , keep yourself and victoria safe . '' 
 `` y-yes . '' 
 theresa just replied after the line ended . 
 chapter nine victoria felt horrible after hearing the story of tatiana and his father ; and how tatiana was accepted by the white wirths despite of being the daughter of a black wirth king . 
 `` i 'm sorry mom . '' 
 `` for what honey ? '' 
 `` you lose him because of me . '' 
 `` no . 
 do n't say that . 
 i have you . '' 
 victoria embraced theresa so tight they could barely breathe . 
 `` oh , enough with the drama . 
 you should get going . 
 there 's this house that we already bought few years ago . 
 it was supposed to be your birthday gift . 
 it will be safer and more private so that you do n't have to stay in a dormitory . '' 
 theresa handed a paper to victoria where the new house was located . 
 they could n't track you there . 
 the white wirths built it with more security so that the black wirths could n't find you . 
 be a white wirth . 
 you get it ? 
 also , protect that stranger . 
 you need him . 
 you 've had his blood in your veins now . 
 you would be needing it . 
 it might be hard for you to resist it but you 'll be craving for it . 
 that 's what your aunt rebecca told me . 
 protect him . '' 
 victoria left home . 
 she arrived about few hours ago and now , she 's leaving again . 
 she did n't even get a chance to play with her niece nor talk with her sister about anything else happening on her in bewilder . 
 she 's now in a big battle between herself . 
 she does n't have any single idea how she would feed herself . 
 she does n't know how she 'll be living her life normally again . 
 she 's no longer human ; she 's now a wirth , a monstrous wirth . 
 victoria arrived in knoxville and headed to her new home . 
 she stayed there for days trying to get hold of her new life . 
 she often screams at night in pain and drools like a dog . 
 she even thought of killing herself than suffer that way . 
 as days passed by , she learned how to control everything , bit by bit . 
 after that day of taking her final exam and showing up herself in front of her friends , classmates and professor , she visited one of her friends , ran walker . 
 it was late at night when she decided to walk on the streets and follow the lights guiding her towards ran 's place . 
 victoria passed by the westergren avenue . 
 she stopped and hid on one of the trees when she saw ran and chris . 
 the moon was shining so bright and victoria can see the light glittering on chris ' black hair . 
 she could even see the sweats on chris ' forehead which made him look like a jewelry sparkling . 
 ran kept looking on chris like a mesmerized girl . 
 `` what ? '' 
 chris asked ran . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 ran smiled . 
 she held chris ' hand . 
 `` do you still remember that time you came here in knoxville and followed me ? '' 
 chris smiled and laughed as he heard the question coming out from ran . 
 what are they doing ? 
 victoria asked herself silently . 
 it was as if she was watching a romantic drama live . 
 she sat down and listened to the conversation of ran and chris . 
 she was still few more blocks away from them but she can see and hear them clearly as if they were just next to her . 
 `` you were so childish . 
 you yelled inside the mall how in love you were with me . '' 
 chris said , still laughing which made ran felt embarrassed . 
 i can remember it . 
 both of you were such fools . 
 ran was in love with you the moment she met you but she let you go for her parent 's sake . 
 she was too young and afraid and that day you followed her here in knoxville , she cried because she was confused . 
 and yeah of all those worries she had , she screamed out how much she loves you , in front of us , and in front of everyone . 
 victoria once again talk as if she was included in the conversation . 
 she just sat there , listening to the crickets and feeling the cold wind hitting her face and body . 
 she heard chris and ran running , screaming and teasing each other . 
 `` it 's getting cold . 
 you should go back in . '' 
 ran sighed as she heard chris telling her to get inside . 
 `` goodnight then . '' 
 ran just said . 
 `` goodnight . '' 
 chris replied . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 ran whispered . 
 `` i love you too . '' 
 chris whispered back . 
 oh goodness . 
 seriously ? 
 victoria said feeling so irritated . 
 she got up when she heard chris ' car fading on the road . 
 she saw ran walking towards their house . 
 `` ran ! '' 
 victoria called her which almost made her friend jump . 
 it was n't victoria 's intention to scare her but it somehow looked that way . 
 after that examination day , she never showed up to her friends and now , there she was , causing one of her friends to have a heart attack . 
 `` what happened to you ? '' 
 ran asked angrily as she walked towards victoria . 
 her voice was still trembling . 
 it felt awkward for victoria to feel how scared and terrified ran was . 
 she can feel her shaking inside . 
 `` calm down please . '' 
 victoria said , and she suddenly felt ran calming down . 
 `` ooh ... that was cool . '' 
 she just said . 
 `` what 's cool ? '' 
 ran wondered . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 victoria replied . 
 she hid her smile behind her hair , covering the side of her face . 
 `` i actually wanted to invite you guys . 
 my birthday 's coming . '' 
 victoria handed her an invitation card with her new address in it . 
 `` and yeah ... i know i need to explain . 
 let 's reserve it on that day . 
 okay ? '' 
 victoria just said as she suddenly kissed ran 's cheeks and left without hearing any replies from her surprised friend . 
 victoria was already walking down the streets , a couple of meters away from where ran was standing when she heard her friend calling her . 
 `` i 've missed you victoria . '' 
 ran waved goodbye and victoria felt inevitably sad about it . 
 she felt sad that she could n't tell any of her friends what was going on . 
 victoria kept walking and as she passed by a convenient store , she saw old women chattering . 
 they stopped talking as victoria entered the store . 
 they looked at her as if she killed anybody . 
 she ignored them and just put her headphones on . 
 she headed where the drinks were located . 
 `` excuse me . '' 
 victoria felt a hand touching her arms . 
 she looked back and took out his headphones . 
 `` winter is coming . 
 you should have this . '' 
 he was handing her a coffee but victoria just gave him a questioning look . 
 `` i 'm sorry but i do n't drink coffee . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 the guy said and from that moment , victoria felt a bullet-like feeling hit her . 
 the guy smiled . 
 victoria paid her drink and ran outside . 
 she pretended to run like a normal human does but as she was near the woods , she ran there as fast as she could just for her to get home . 
 she felt a current and dread inside her which was undefined . 
 the man in the convenient store looked like cadaverous and gaunt . 
 his eyes were wide open . 
 victoria felt so intensified . 
 i never thought being a neophyte would be this hard . 
 you 'll be filled with mixed of confusions when you interact with humans . 
 victoria just said as she stopped in front of her house , panting . 
 victoria remembered the man 's eyes . 
 maybe it 's part of her confusions as being a wirth but she thought she saw herself on that man 's eyes . 
 victoria made sure nobody followed her home . 
 she looked around and tried to hear if there were any sounds of anybody around . 
 she heard nothing . 
 as victoria went inside , she picked up the phone and called her mom . 
 `` mom ? '' 
 victoria 's voice was shaking . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 theresa asked , feeling so worried . 
 `` mom , i saw a man . 
 `` teardrops fell from her eyes without her knowing it . 
 victoria felt terrified enough to mind it . 
 `` what -- are you talking about ? 
 there are lots of men everywhere . 
 what do you mean you saw a man ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 the moment our eyes met , i felt horrified . 
 `` how does that man look like ? '' 
 `` he was just skin and bones , pale , eyes were almost coming out , and there was this unexplained feeling i had when i looked at his eyes . 
 i do n't know . 
 i do n't understand why but i felt scared when he smiled and held me in my arms . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 theresa just said and the line ended . 
 victoria felt more worried . 
 she tried calling her mom again but it was no longer ringing . 
 victoria sat down the kitchen floor for hours trying to analyze the situation . 
 everything was like a puzzle in her mind that she could n't understand . 
 chapter ten `` is this for real ? '' 
 elizabeth was so excited when they read the invitation that victoria gave to ran . 
 `` whatever happened to victoria , we will be able to know it when we get there . 
 she might be going through a lot right now but let 's still try to be gentle to her . 
 okay ? '' 
 ran instructed their friends . 
 they got mad when victoria just ignored them during the final examination . 
 `` what do you mean gentle ? 
 is this gentle ? '' 
 genie asked sarcastically as she pointed to kim with chrysler , carmel with faddy , and ran with chris . 
 `` are n't you guys going to give her headache ? '' 
 carol added then laughed . 
 `` no . 
 it was her choice . 
 she invited them . '' 
 ran defended . 
 `` oh . 
 that 's new . '' 
 genie exclaimed . 
 `` honey ? '' 
 faddy whispered to carmel . 
 they were on a different car with kim and chrysler . 
 `` hmm ? '' 
 carmel just answered . 
 she was driving and she was focusing on the road since she was not familiar with the way going to victoria 's house . 
 `` i think we 're here . '' 
 carmel said . 
 she forgotten faddy had something to say . 
 she looked for a place to park her car . 
 genie 's car was parked on the other corner of the yard . 
 she was with carol , elizabeth , chris and ran . 
 everyone went out of the car and looked around . 
 the place was so quiet and all you could hear were birds singing and wind blowing the trees and leaves on the ground . 
 `` is this her new house ? '' 
 carmel asked . 
 `` i supposed so . '' 
 ran answered . 
 the house was big enough for a single person . 
 while everyone walked towards victoria 's house , faddy held his girl 's hand . 
 the house was covered with glasses . 
 there was also a terrace on the second floor of the house where you can see the curtains trying to hide the inside features of the bedroom . 
 victoria opened the door and welcomed her friends with a smile she never had on her face before . 
 it made her friends looked at each other and wonder if victoria got on drugs or something . 
 instead of greeting her , they just stood and froze in front of victoria . 
 they looked inside the house and they got mesmerized not only with victoria 's smile but with the unique interior of the house . 
 `` i -- '' kim paused . 
 `` i 'd love to live here . '' 
 she continued and swallowed . 
 `` hey guys ? 
 i 'm here ? '' 
 victoria tried to wake her friends up but they were too attracted with the house to mind her . 
 everyone walked in the living room where it was painted with white walls with that giant and human-size mirror hanging on it ; a black couch decorated uniquely with its lotus-like glass table in the middle ; and on the right side of the house where you can see the curved stairs with star-like lights lighting its way , and a painting of a big oak tree with its leaves falling on the ground and a beautiful lake behind it ; there was this weird ceiling as well which was made with a narra tree forming an arc-like figure , making it more beautiful and relaxing in the eyes of the visitors especially the design of that ceiling which made everything perfectly made . 
 and on the far end part of the house where the kitchen was located , a steel-like bar , next to the cooking area where victoria headed , was also very awesome . 
 meters away from the kitchen was the dining area where a good-for-12 persons dining table was located with its chairs arranged perfectly . 
 the entire house was like heaven . 
 `` hey . '' 
 victoria said in a low and soft voice as she was slicing the tomatoes . 
 `` need help ? '' 
 carmel asked . 
 `` nah . 
 i 'm good . 
 it 's almost done . '' 
 she looked at carmel and smiled . 
 `` you sure ? '' 
 `` yup . '' 
 carmel left and walked around the house . 
 victoria continued preparing the foods . 
 she secretly observe and listened to everyone as they explore the house . 
 `` honey ? '' 
 victoria heard faddy on the other end of the house as he approached carmel . 
 `` hey . '' 
 carmel replied to faddy . 
 victoria continued to listen , intruding other people 's business . 
 maybe that was the disadvantage of being a wirth . 
 she could choose which conversation to listen to , she could choose not to listen to anything or she could choose to shut them all up . 
 `` i 'm sorry but my mom called me . 
 i did n't want to ruin the party but i really need to leave . 
 she said it 's really urgent . '' 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 carmel replied in disbelief . 
 `` i know . 
 i know . '' 
 faddy tried to calm her down . 
 victoria stopped slicing the tomato and ate one . 
 she listened and wondered what faddy was thinking and the call she heard a while ago was about . 
 it was hard for her to figure it out since she was with carmel minutes ago . 
 `` just leave . '' 
 carmel said in a cold voice . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i 'll call you , i promise . '' 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 genie wondered . 
 `` we had an emergency in the house . 
 i have to go . '' 
 faddy explained in a sorry voice . 
 `` you need a ride ? '' 
 genie asked and offered . 
 `` please . '' 
 he answered . 
 `` victoria , happy birthday . 
 i 'm sorry i have to leave soon . 
 i really need to go back home . 
 it is urgent . '' 
 `` uh-huh ? '' 
 victoria replied suspiciously as she took a bite on the pear in front of her . 
 `` happy birthday again . '' 
 `` sure . 
 genie will take you on the main road then you can take a taxi . 
 i do n't want to cause any inconvenience on my friends just because of your emergency . '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 faddy said feeling so embarrassed . 
 victoria took the foods in the living room and sat on the floor while she tapped carmel 's back without saying a single word but honestly , she wanted to tell carmel how it sucks and she should break up with that jerk . 
 genie came back after few minutes of dropping faddy on the main road as what victoria instructed her . 
 they started to eat the food victoria cooked . 
 a carbonara that everyone love and fruit salad . 
 chrysler , kim 's boyfriend was telling a joke which made everyone laugh . 
 when elizabeth noticed victoria laughing as well , she stopped and punched her on her shoulders . 
 `` what ? '' 
 victoria wondered , wiping her eyes , still laughing . 
 `` why are you laughing ? '' 
 `` is it wrong ? 
 all of you are laughing and it was really funny . '' 
 victoria answered . 
 she almost lie down the floor laughing and now her eyes were tearing due to too much laughing . 
 `` yeah right . 
 are you okay victoria ? '' 
 genie teased . 
 `` right . 
 before we forgot birthday girl , it is time for your explanation . '' 
 ran broke the laughter which made everyone became serious . 
 victoria 's laugh faded and changed into a serious face . 
 she did n't know how or where to start . 
 `` why did you ignore us in school ? '' 
 carmel started . 
 i ca n't tell you the truth . 
 victoria thought . 
 she prepared her speech already so she needed to deliver it confidently . 
 `` i 've had my stomach ache again that time . 
 i 'm sorry i was not able to talk to you guys . '' 
 victoria lied . 
 `` did you just said i 'm sorry ? '' 
 genie interrupted . 
 `` cut it out . '' 
 carol snapped genie . 
 kim told victoria the suspicions of their friends about victoria changing a lot . 
 victoria reacted to it by making a fake laugh . 
 `` actually , that moment you guys been looking out for me , i was in walsh city . 
 one of the staffs in skirrow 's looked for my home address and they called my parents about it . 
 they sent my brother to take me home . 
 well , my brother , emzi was joining a gang in nashville and they took me out by breaking that glass window in the hospital . 
 in short , they stole me . 
 they could be accused by damaging properties , or kidnapping but , well , there were no cctv camera in that hospital . 
 what a pity . '' 
 victoria rolled her eyes and took a sip on the orange juice she made . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 victoria suddenly asked carmel as she felt her great sorrow inside . 
 she was not sure if the sorrow was for her or for faddy leaving carmel . 
 `` here . '' 
 victoria handed carmel a glass of juice . 
 `` the doctors in nashville said i got poisoned . '' 
 victoria continued to lie . 
 `` you were poisoned ? 
 why is it that the doctors found it hard to figure out what exactly happened to you ? '' 
 ran wondered . 
 `` i do n't know ? 
 everybody lies . 
 that 's what dr. gregory house in the house series always say and i believe him . '' 
 victoria grinned . 
 `` let 's forget about it . 
 the important thing is you are alive miss victoria lockhart . '' 
 genie told everyone . 
 `` for victoria lockhart . '' 
 genie asked for a toast . 
 `` for victoria lockhart . '' 
 everyone repeated . 
 victoria smiled but she felt so sorry inside . 
 carmel stood up and went to the kitchen . 
 victoria listened to carol 's story about few things that happened in skirrow 's while she was gone . 
 she was laughing when she suddenly heard in the kitchen a sound of a broken bottle falling down the floor . 
 shit ! 
 victoria thought as she quickly ran in the kitchen where she saw carmel standing , looking on the broken bottle on the floor . 
 blood-shaped capsules were scattered on the floor . 
 `` what are these ? '' 
 carmel asked as she picked up the capsules . 
 `` nothing . 
 it 's just a multivitamins with iron . '' 
 `` cool . 
 it really is shaped like blood . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` what 's its name ? 
 i 'm sorry , it slipped on my hands and i broke it . 
 i 'm really sorry . '' 
 `` it 's okay . 
 you need something ? '' 
 `` oh i just want a glass water . '' 
 `` here . '' 
 victoria took out a water form the fridge and poured some to carmel . 
 she could hear carmel 's heart pounding . 
 victoria went up to her bedroom to put the capsules of blood she drinks to resist the temptation of taking real human blood . 
 `` you are so careless victoria lockhart ! '' 
 she kicked the slippers she first saw as she entered her room . 
 she was too strong to kick the slippers out of the room which broke her glass window and landed it out in the woods . 
 nobody noticed it of course because everyone was laughing downstairs . 
 victoria looked outside . 
 it was getting late and dark . 
 bauer . 
 she thought . 
 where are you ? 
 victoria could n't find thayer issamar bauer . 
 it has been a few days already since she last saw him in the parking lot at school . 
 the man victoria saw in the convenient store suddenly crossed her mind . 
 victoria got reminded that she needed not only to protect herself but also her friends , family and thayer . 
 her family is safe in nashville , she can protect her friends but she could n't find thayer . 
 victoria went downstairs to remind her friends of the time . 
 ran still has her curfew after her parents found out she was already in a relationship with chris which became victoria 's reason to send her friends home . 
 everyone packed their stuff and left victoria their mess . 
 they kissed her goodbye . 
 victoria followed them secretly to make sure they were all back home safely . 
 chapter eleven `` should i call him ? '' 
 carmel asked herself . 
 she wanted to bang her head on the window to save some pride . 
 `` he should be the one calling me . '' 
 the lights turned green and carmel started driving again . 
 she saw a u-turn sign ahead and it made her turn back . 
 `` what the hell am i doing ? '' 
 carmel was having a battle within herself . 
 she was driving back exactly where faddy 's house was located . 
 she stopped right in front of their house . 
 the lights were off . 
 they were probably sleeping already . 
 carmel sat inside her car , turned the engine off and took out her phone trying to call faddy . 
 unfortunately , his phone was off . 
 carmel stayed there for almost 15 minutes and a half to be exact while victoria was few blocks away inside her car , waiting for whatever carmel was planning to do . 
 the lights from faddy 's house turned on and the front door opened . 
 faddy 's mom and dad went out . 
 carmel tried to hide herself from the darkness inside her car . 
 she breathed in ease when faddy 's parents entered their car and drove away . 
 carmel followed the car . 
 they would n't recognize it was her since she just had her new bmw . 
 they stopped in front of bewilder district hospital . 
 `` who 's in the hospital ? '' 
 carmel whispered which victoria also heard from afar . 
 in carmel 's curiosity , she got off the car and secretly followed faddy 's mom and dad like an agent in a mission of finding out who got hospitalized . 
 victoria was feeling so pissed on following people secretly since she became a wirth . 
 she looked at carmel who hid stupidly on the walls trying to follow faddy 's mom and dad . 
 delivery room victoria stopped and looked at the sign . 
 carmel was not able to read the sign . 
 she just kept on following faddy 's parents without noticing where they were going . 
 victoria tried to identify what was going on but it was too late . 
 she stopped when she saw carmel standing in a corner like a frozen creature . 
 victoria tried to look around . 
 she saw faddy sitting on a bench . 
 his mom and dad who have just arrived embraced him . 
 there was also an older woman sitting next to faddy . 
 a doctor who had just approached them said in a happy voice it 's a boy . 
 your baby is a boy mr. mike o’neal . 
 congratulations . 
 you can now see your baby and wife . 
 the doctor shook hands with faddy . 
 it was too late for victoria to find out what was about to happen . 
 it was out of her power to find out things ahead of time . 
 after that moment , she just saw carmel standing there like a lame dog who got caught by a heavy storm . 
 victoria could feel carmel 's sadness . 
 she stood there , shocked and stuck for a moment . 
 carmel 's world paused for a moment which made her entire sight slowly become dizzy . 
 carmel got back her consciousness and tried to walk with her shaking feet . 
 she tried to hide away so that they will never see her . 
 she walked out of the hospital , wondering if anybody ever saw her . 
 she never knew victoria was with her all along . 
 carmel prayed faddy never saw her walking out , that he does n't know she heard it , and that she was badly broken . 
 there was this feeling inside carmel that victoria also felt . 
 a feeling that gave a drop of tear on victoria 's eyes . 
 carmel prayed that faddy would chase after her , tell her those were not true , that she just misheard it , that it was all a nightmare . 
 victoria recalled how hard it was for her to accept she was a wirth . 
 now , she realized that being a human is harder , and more painful . 
 `` please chase after me . 
 if i go , can you live your life without me ? 
 not me . 
 i ca n't live even just for a day . '' 
 carmel cried inside her car . 
 she cried and cried and cried . 
 she wiped away the tears falling down her cheeks . 
 the cold breeze made carmel shiver . 
 she drove back home as fast as she could . 
 she tried hard enough to stop the gush of tears coming out of her eyes . 
 she headed to her room and break down and cried again , hugging her pillow tightly . 
 `` this unsettling feeling will soon fade . '' 
 carmel sobbed . 
 she kept on fantasizing the hurtful truth was not true at all . 
 two weeks passed and carmel still had n't talked to faddy . 
 he kept calling her but she ignored him . 
 he even went in carmel 's house but she begged her mom not to tell him she was there . 
 everyone was wondering what happened , except for victoria . 
 carmel avoided going to places where she went with faddy . 
 it was so painful for her to know faddy had a wife and a child . 
 she was so stupid not to know it . 
 bewilder was a small town but she never knew it . 
 she also avoided talking to her friends . 
 she never wanted to cry in front of them . 
 she stayed in her bedroom in the middle of winter season . 
 she was also afraid of hearing the truth from faddy . 
 she felt guilty every morning when she put her feet on the floor , or drink a glass of water , or even brush her hair or whenever she feel like smiling or enjoying life , or even when she breathe . 
 she felt guilty that she was alive living that kind of life . 
 she knew she got betrayed . 
 she was left dead upon the truth on the world of reality . 
 it felt that way because part of her was very devoted to him . 
 and that part of her never knew what to do anymore ; that part of her would n't let her move on ; that part of her kept her tied like an umbilical cord which kept her away from her source of suffocation . 
 few more days passed and carmel finally decided to meet her friends . 
 at first , she pretended that she was okay , although she was never used to pretend that way . 
 she thought it was easier to lie although the words came out so many times , either true or untrue . 
 she could no longer distinguish what she meant with any of those words . 
 she even had dreams of shutting herself from everyone . 
 that nightmare was clear in her vision as if it has always been a dream and she lived there forever . 
 at last , carmel cried to her friends and told everything that happened . 
 `` he actually asked me if you could meet him on the court today . '' 
 ran said . 
 carmel did not answer . 
 victoria stared outside as the snow was falling for the second time that day . 
 she pretended not to hear her friends talking . 
 she felt sick listening to all the dramas . 
 `` clear everything . '' 
 victoria said while still looking outside . 
 few minutes of silence and she looked at carmel . 
 this time , carmel embraced victoria which shocked her . 
 carmel cried to victoria . 
 `` you are very strong . 
 i wish i can be like you victoria . '' 
 she cried . 
 her voice was shaking . 
 `` before i sleep , and when i wake up , i feel stuck up to my bed . 
 it felt so heavy and i felt so immovable . 
 it was like a building was pressed against me . 
 i want to die . 
 i know i will laugh about it someday , but not today , not tomorrow or the next day . 
 i 've dreamed of spending our futures together . 
 he lied to me . 
 he did and i will never forgive him with that . 
 he broke my heart like i was a piece of shit . '' 
 carmel stopped and took a deep breath , then cried again . 
 victoria embraced her for the first time . 
 `` i lied in bed for hours and wonder if anyone would ever see me that way . 
 each morning when i wake up ... '' she paused and sobbed again . 
 everyone was crying as if it was some kind of a sad movie . 
 ran wiped her tears and held genie 's hands . 
 chrysler held kim in his shoulders while elizabeth and carol were looking down trying to hide their tears . 
 everyone sympathized with carmel 's sadness . 
 victoria was done sympathizing that night when carmel found out what happened . 
 victoria always visited carmel 's house . 
 she stayed outside trying to make sure she would not kill herself . 
 she often heard carmel every night , crying , cursing and crying again and again . 
 `` i thought , i was done crying . 
 everyday , i 'll tell myself it would be the last time i will cry then the next following day . '' 
 carmel managed to laugh while tears fell from her eyes . 
 victoria sighed for she knew and heard it herself . 
 at the memories carmel locked up in her heart , every time she looked at them , she could only see faddy in it . 
 `` clear things with him . '' 
 ran managed to say . 
 she said the same thing like victoria . 
 `` you know i hate talking about relationships but i care a lot about you . 
 you are my friend carmel goldberg and it would be better if you clear things with him . 
 stop hiding and avoiding it like a coward and as if you were the one who made a mistake . 
 prove him he was never worth your time and you are a precious woman , and he just missed that out . '' 
 everyone stopped and were shocked . 
 they could n't believe it was victoria who spoke those words . 
 everyone clapped at her to annoy her . 
 they all laughed and it also made carmel laugh for real . 
 carmel embraced victoria and everyone else followed . 
 they loved each other so much , like real siblings . 
 after spending some time with carmel 's friends in a coffee shop , she headed to the court to meet faddy . 
 when she entered the door , she saw him sitting on a bench . 
 he smiled and walked towards her like nothing happened . 
 `` hey . 
 what 's wrong ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 he asked like an innocent guy who never really knew what happened . 
 carmel did not let out a word . 
 she waited for him to open up . 
 long silence covered the entire court . 
 it never happened to carmel before that hearing someone 's voice could be so painful . 
 she waited but faddy never spoke a word . 
 `` let 's break up . '' 
 she managed to say then walked out . 
 for the first time , she felt at ease . 
 she felt a huge thorn came out of her chest . 
 she breathed at ease again . 
 it once hurt but it was slowly fading . 
 she felt tired of crying . 
 she needed to emerge and come out form hibernation . 
 she needed to get over it . 
 chapter twelve `` maybe we should go out . '' 
 carol suggested . 
 `` then maybe ... . 
 you should go tell her . '' 
 genie said , scaring her since everyone know carmel was like a living zombie who tried to feel good outside but really damned inside . 
 `` victoria ? 
 do you want to tell her ? '' 
 genie gave victoria a wicked smile . 
 `` oh come on . 
 do n't drag me to that . '' 
 victoria looked back to them and took the guitar on the couch and played as if she did n't mind what they 're talking about . 
 `` just go and tell her to go out with us . 
 i would want to go out too . '' 
 victoria told them . 
 `` carmel ? 
 it 's me ... . 
 carol . 
 uhh ... would you like to go out with us , tonight ? '' 
 carol said , feeling nervous that they might be rejected again . 
 they heard carmel saying ` okay ' without any hesitations or questions on the other line . 
 `` what should i wear ? '' 
 carol asked genie . 
 `` do n't wear anything and take everybody 's attraction . '' 
 genie laughed . 
 `` should we go and tell ran and the others to come ? '' 
 `` as if they 'll go ! 
 they 're party haters , remember ? '' 
 the two girl 's been talking and arguing each other since they arrived in victoria 's house . 
 they 're already getting used of the ambiance in her place so they often go and stay there . 
 even victoria got used already of the environment with the humans and also pretend to act like one . 
 `` wait a minute . 
 when will the next trimester start ? '' 
 victoria asked . 
 she never imagined days went off so fast and she does n't even know what day it was exactly . 
 `` next week . '' 
 genie answered her . 
 ` oh ' she continued playing the guitar again . 
 they left about 8 o’clock in the evening for the party . 
 they just picked up carmel right in their house and headed to the place where they want to spend the night for a party . 
 as victoria parked her car outside oasis bar , she can already hear the loud music playing inside . 
 she saw lots of girls wearing short skirts and dresses outside with some boys around too . 
 victoria was wearing her black levi 's pants , with her black ralph lauren see-through sleeved shirt and her black red wing shoes . 
 everyone looked at her as they entered the bar . 
 she can hear others whispering how bad victoria dressed . 
 she did n't mind . 
 she never really cared what other people say . 
 she always believe that she looks better in black . 
 carol and carmel took a sip of tequila in their hands while genie enjoyed her margarita drink . 
 they were having some silly conversations about other people when victoria suddenly heard on the entrance of the bar , though far from them , a familiar voice of a guy . 
 she looked back quickly and saw faddy . 
 she saw him magnifies on her vision with two girls holding his arms . 
 victoria looked back to her friends . 
 they have n't seen him yet , especially carmel . 
 they were laughing for some topic about their two classmates . 
 victoria took carmel 's wrist which she believed hurt her . 
 `` what 's wrong with you ? '' 
 she asked victoria trying to get off her hands . 
 `` come with me . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she was so confused and her faced almost got so mad . 
 the expression on carmel 's eyes became a sign of her anger . 
 `` i-i need to go the rest room . '' 
 victoria stuttered . 
 she knew lots of lies will continue coming out of her mouth but she needed to do it to protect everyone . 
 in the first place , they were there to make and help carmel forget things between her and faddy ; and victoria knew that if carmel found out that faddy 's here with two girls , she 'll surely collapse . 
 `` i 'll go with you instead . '' 
 carol volunteered . 
 `` no ! '' 
 victoria gave her a wide-eyed look and still took carmel with her to the restroom . 
 `` i 'm sorry for holding you so tight . 
 i just really need to use the rest room and i want you to come with me . '' 
 victoria apologized to her since she was not too gentle with her moves . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 you 're probably drunk already . '' 
 carmel just concluded . 
 `` yeah . 
 i guess . '' 
 victoria just agreed though honestly she was not . 
 she headed in one of the cubicles , acting as if she was urinating . 
 instead , she took out her phone and sent carol and genie a message saying : `` faddy 's here in the bar with two hookers . 
 please check how carmel and i will be able to go out here in the bar without passing their way . '' 
 carol and genie probably were enjoying a lot talking and drinking that they have n't noticed their phones . 
 `` hey ... are you done ? '' 
 carmel knocked on the door . 
 victoria 's been in there for a couple of minutes and when she did n't receive any replies yet , she just decided to go out with carmel and used her power of senses to avoid faddy from meeting carmel . 
 she held carmel 's hands again so that in case faddy see them , she could immediately let carmel avoid him . 
 the music played so loud which made victoria so dizzy . 
 she could no longer distinguish her target . 
 the sound of the bass made it hard for her to recognize faddy . 
 she could n't command the entire people inside the bar to stop the noise because it 'll be so strange . 
 the lights hit victoria straight to the eyes which transferred heat inside her . 
 she tried to cover her eyes from the light giving her a flame-like feeling , which made her so uncontrolled . 
 since she became a wirth , she noticed that her body wanted cold places and cold things . 
 she could n't stand any heat or flames . 
 it was just a light but the radiation of heat it gave to her body made it all unbearable . 
 victoria let go of carmel 's hands when she noticed someone grabbed her friend . 
 when she looked back , she saw it was faddy . 
 `` stay away from her . '' 
 victoria pushed faddy . 
 it was strong enough which made him bump into other people in the bar . 
 she took carmel 's hand again . 
 the two girls who went in with faddy walked towards him , asking him if he was okay . 
 genie and carol saw what happened and they ran towards carmel and victoria immediately . 
 victoria heard their glasses dropped on the floor . 
 the people who saw the incident made a zone of space and cheered as if they were about to make a bull-fighting event inside the bar . 
 `` look who 's here . '' 
 the blond girl with faddy said . 
 she was wearing a golden yellow blouse showing her cleavage . 
 `` is n't she your ` ex ' looser girlfriend ? '' 
 she laughed , looking to her companies . 
 victoria could recognize the two girls now . 
 they were members of the university 's cheer-leading squad . 
 victoria felt carmel 's heart beating fast , scared , worried and hurt . 
 she nearly cried for carmel but she knew it was n't her own feelings but carmel 's . 
 she was just being fooled with her friend 's feeling but it was n't really hers . 
 she could also hear the thoughts and giggles of the two girls with faddy ; the excitement of the crowd to witness a fight ; the eagerness of genie and carol to leave the place ; and faddy 's feeling of disappointment . 
 the place was so crowded with people that victoria did n't know whose thoughts and feelings to listen and feel first . 
 she commanded some people to stop except for those who were involved in the war they were in right now . 
 `` and look who 's here , the falcon with two bulimic girls . '' 
 carol said back to them . 
 the two girls laughed but victoria could n't find any valuable reason for them to laugh . 
 the girls attempted to slap carol in the face but genie was quick enough to stop them . 
 `` touch my friend and i 'll blind you ! '' 
 she shouted . 
 faddy grabbed the girls back to their seats . 
 victoria and her friends headed out of the bar . 
 `` take carmel home . '' 
 victoria told carol as she gave the keys of her car . 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 carmel asked . 
 `` i need to meet someone . 
 everything 's going to be okay , just do n't make yourself look so small in front of those people . '' 
 victoria smiled at carmel and touched her hair as if she was her little sister . 
 she could feel the frustrations . 
 victoria 's friends left already but she chose to stay outside the bar . 
 faddy and the girls were n't out yet . 
 victoria had no idea why it bothered her to know why and how those girls found out about carmel 's break-up with faddy . 
 she was aware that faddy was famous basketball player in school but he should have at least save carmel some pride and kept their break-up private . 
 so faddy 's been telling other people that she fooled my friend and they 're making fun of it ? 
 victoria could n't stand the thought that her kind and gorgeous friend was being bullied in front of her . 
 a question suddenly occurred to her . 
 why do nice people date the wrong person ? 
 victoria went back in the bar and ordered some drinks . 
 she looked around and saw faddy with those two girls laughing . 
 one of them saw victoria staring at them . 
 she did n't mind at all . 
 she actually wanted to let them notice her presence there . 
 let 's go outside victoria commanded one girl using her thought . 
 `` you 're in an extra danger zone now . '' 
 the girl whispered and stood up . 
 `` are you looking at us ? '' 
 the other girl with short black hair and a full bangs said . 
 she went towards victoria and asked her frankly . 
 maybe victoria made them uncomfortable . 
 victoria did n't bother to answer ; instead she just smiled and finished her drink . 
 `` hey bitch ! 
 i 'm talking to you . '' 
 the short-haired girl pointed a finger on victoria 's head . 
 oh god not here . 
 victoria told herself . 
 she stopped her eagerness to hurt and break that girls face . 
 faddy went towards victoria and his girl companions who were already making commotion to victoria . 
 `` what 's going on here ? '' 
 faddy asked . 
 `` tell your girls that next time they point a finger on me , i will break their neck including yours faddy mike o’neal . 
 you know me . '' 
 victoria smiled and grabbed faddy 's shirt and pushed the girls aside . 
 victoria took faddy outside the bar , still holding him on his shirt , wanting to talk to him . 
 the two girls followed them but they stayed few meters away from . 
 `` carmel wanted to get over you . 
 she 's so sick of you . 
 i know it 's not my place but ... . '' 
 victoria tried to calm down now . 
 `` do n't you even know that ? 
 do you know how many boys in school would die to be with her ? 
 yet , she does n't care because she only sees you . 
 how could you ever betray her like that ? '' 
 he just chuckled and walked out of victoria 's face . 
 he got into his car without even saying anything back . 
 despite his silence , victoria heard his thought saying who do you think you are victoria lockhart ? 
 victoria let him leave . 
 she walked down the road , realizing it was really not her place . 
 she felt stupid about it but she suddenly got excited when she noticed the two girls were right after her . 
 they were following her behind . 
 victoria just kept walking . 
 she did n't really have any idea where to go . 
 the two girls are n't with faddy anymore . 
 she knew they were following her and she could hear exactly their thoughts even though they were whispering . 
 ` so what are we gon na do with her ? ' 
 the blond girl whispered to the other . 
 ` lem me think . 
 maybe we could just ruin her face and bring trauma to her entire body and throw her on the lake next to the forest ? ' 
 short-haired girl said while giggling in excitement . 
 the girls were drunk and took some drugs inside the bar as how victoria noticed . 
 victoria almost laugh with the two girl 's thoughts . 
 she was walking quietly pretending not to notice anyone when she suddenly felt a big stone hit her on the head which made her collapse for few minutes . 
 chapter thirteen start of a new trimester : carmel could almost recover on the pain she felt during her break-up with faddy . 
 she never had any news about him since the last time she saw him in the bar . 
 carmel already started to laugh and do the same routines with her family and friends like nothing happened . 
 the places where they used to go with faddy no longer felt pain . 
 at that moment , she was sitting and waiting for her friends to arrive five minutes before their serology class . 
 `` hey '' genie said in a very exciting voice as they entered the classroom . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 carmel asked . 
 `` i 'm good . 
 where 's victoria ? '' 
 kim wondered . 
 `` she 's late during the first day of the trimester ? '' 
 `` i 'm here . 
 i 'm not late since i arrived seconds earlier than our professor . '' 
 victoria smiled . 
 `` good morning everybody . 
 it 's the first day of the term and we were n't expecting to give a bad news earlier for today . 
 but , we are all asked to cancel the classes since we received undesirable news about our university 's two cheer leaders who died in an accident last weekend . 
 we were asked to pray for them and may their souls be in god 's hands . '' 
 `` nice ... no classes . '' 
 genie celebrated while clapping and jumping out of joy . 
 `` what 's so nice about it ? 
 two cheerleaders were on an accident and they died . 
 are n't you even worried ? '' 
 carmel asked genie feeling so annoyed and at the same time happy to know that they do n't have class . 
 `` what happened to thayer issamar bauer ? '' 
 victoria asked . 
 `` i heard he already transferred in a university in arizona . '' 
 ran answered . 
 `` why ? 
 do you miss him ? '' 
 genie teased victoria . 
 `` are you kidding me ? '' 
 `` then why are you curious ? '' 
 `` what university did he transferred ? '' 
 `` whoa ~ are you going to chase your man with a white horse ? '' 
 genie continued to tease and annoy victoria but it did n't have any effect to her . 
 she just pretended not to hear anything from genie . 
 `` we have no idea . '' 
 ran interrupted . 
 she 's always a good friend who gives a serious answer when it comes to serious conversation , and everyone loves and adores her for that . 
 `` anyway , let 's check who those cheerleaders are . '' 
 carmel told them . 
 `` should i just go ahead ? 
 i need to clean my house . '' 
 victoria said . 
 `` oh come on ! 
 we 'll all be leaving together . 
 do n't be unfair . 
 we 'll just check then we 'll leave . 
 okay ? '' 
 carmel smiled and tapped her in the back . 
 they headed to the chapel and saw the pictures of the two cheerleaders . 
 carol , genie , and carmel were so shocked that they almost stepped back . 
 they were the two girls who were with faddy the night victoria and her friends were in the bar . 
 carmel looked blankly to genie and carol who were also shocked with what they saw . 
 they looked at each other slowly like in a horror movie . 
 carmel almost choke with her own saliva when she did n't know exactly what to think . 
 they were quite sure that they heard that those girls had an accident last weekend where they also last saw them in the bar , and now , they 're dead , and their bodies were here inside the chapel . 
 victoria felt my carmel 's heart pounding , feeling horrified . 
 `` was it our fault ? 
 no , right ? 
 we already left that night . '' 
 carmel asked genie and carol . 
 they were so speechless . 
 `` the three of us left already that night . 
 we were so sure we went straight home after we left the bar . 
 so we surely are not responsible for their death . '' 
 carmel continued to talk to whoever were listening to her . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 ran asked feeling confused with the reaction of carmel . 
 carmel was very sure that the three of them left , except ... . 
 victoria.carmel looked at her but victoria was just looking on the pictures . 
 her face was so plain without any reactions in it . 
 she 's not even looking at any of her friends . 
 that was probably her way of being shocked , staring blankly to the pictures without any expressions . 
 `` that 's really horrible . '' 
 genie said in the backseat as carmel drove them to the train station . 
 `` i still ca n't imagine how the accident happened . '' 
 carol also said . 
 `` oh ... i hated them that night but i pity them now . '' 
 genie whispered . 
 `` may they rest in peace and may their souls be in god 's good hands . '' 
 ran prayed . 
 victoria went home already since she has her own car . 
 she never spoke a single word when they left the chapel . 
 all of them were really shocked of the news . 
 they were pretty sure they did not do anything to the accident because if they did , the bewilder police district should have investigated them already . 
 carmel just pray for the two girl 's soul to be rested in peace . 
 whatever kind of accident happened to them , though they were bullying her that night because of her nightmare-kind of break-up with faddy , carmel still hoped they 'll find justice and peace . 
 when carmel reached home , she saw andrei , her 3-year old nephew playing in the living room . 
 the television was on . 
 carmel sat for a while trying to rest for a few minutes when a flash report caught her attention . 
 it was confirmed that the two girls whose bodies were thrown in the lake near the forest were students of skirrow 's medical school . 
 the two girls had a really damaged face and it was found that they were under the presence of alcohol and drugs . 
 the bewilder police district will give more update about the accident after few more investigation on the site where the accident happened . 
 carmel 's jaw almost dropped after seeing the news . 
 `` how could it be possible to have people in the world that could do such crimes ? 
 who would do that ? '' 
 carmel said . 
 she recalled the night they were in the bar until the time they left . 
 `` victoria '' carmel whispered . 
 `` no . 
 victoria ca n't do such thing . '' 
 `` but ... we left the bar and victoria chose to stay . 
 could it be possible that she made something ... . . 
 like that ? '' 
 carmel shook her head for giving such thought about her friend . 
 she felt guilty of thinking that way but she could n't help herself . 
 carmel remembered victoria 's face when she started to act weird in the bar and held her tightly on the wrist , and when she said she 'll be meeting someone when everyone left her outside the oasis bar . 
 `` who was that someone ? '' 
 carmel wondered . 
 she also remember the plain reaction of victoria that morning outside the chapel . 
 she did n't have any reactions at all . 
 was she shocked that way or was n't she really shocked at all ? 
 carmel felt really bad already to think that her friend had something to do with the accident . 
 `` hey . 
 are you okay ? '' 
 carmel felt andrei 's small hands touching her face . 
 he looked at her worriedly . 
 carmel just hugged him and kissed him on his face trying to tell him that she was okay . 
 carmel changed her uniforms right away and took her car keys again . 
 `` i need to see victoria . '' 
 chapter fourteen carmel arrived in victoria 's house . 
 she parked her car on the right side of the yard . 
 her house was really cool and everything seemed so perfect ; the peaceful environment , everything . 
 she could only see victoria 's bugatti veyron car but the black volvo was n't there . 
 she continued to walk towards the front door . 
 carmel just heard the sound of her own footsteps on the wooden terrace . 
 she knocked and called for victoria but nobody was answering . 
 until then , she noticed that there was a buzzer . 
 she kept pressing it but victoria was not out yet . 
 `` she 's probably not home . '' 
 carmel told herself . 
 `` but , according to her , she needs to hurry back home because she needs to clean her house . '' 
 carmel started to wonder again as lots of questions popped in her mind which still remained unanswered . 
 she sat down and leaned on the front door which made her drop on the floor as the door just suddenly opened . 
 `` trespassing . '' 
 carmel whispered . 
 `` victoria ? 
 are you here ? '' 
 the house was so clean . 
 there were no trashes or any traces of dust visible . 
 carmel continued to search the entire living room until she reached the kitchen , but victoria was not there . 
 `` maybe she 's out and forgot that her house was open . '' 
 carmel convinced herself . 
 she was about to go back to the living room when she saw a bottle on top of the table in the dining area . 
 she read the bottle and it says : `` capsulated blood : wirth 's use only '' `` what 's this for ? '' 
 `` a capsulated blood ? 
 what are you , a vamp ? '' 
 carmel chuckled and put the bottle down the table again . 
 she ignored it for a moment and continued to walk around the dining area when she suddenly had a quick thought in her mind . 
 she swallowed deep when she went back to the thought again `` vamp ? 
 and what is a wirth ? '' 
 ideas scrambled in her head . 
 it crumpled in her stomach as she went over the thought over and over again . 
 it was like her blood was filled with smudged cell refusing to release her normal cells . 
 carmel walked back the living room and hurriedly picked her car keys on the couch and turned the knob.she saw a familiar face as she opened the door . 
 `` victoria ! '' 
 carmel jumped and shouted out of shock . 
 `` hey . '' 
 she said in a low , calm voice . 
 her face was so serious and carmel assumed she was mad . 
 `` i -- i knocked but the door was open so i just went in , and when i saw that -- that you were n't in , i just ... . 
 headed out . '' 
 carmel stuttered . 
 `` oh . 
 i think i forgot to lock it this morning before leaving . '' 
 victoria answered simply . 
 carmel smiled nervously as she walked back inside the house with victoria . 
 `` why are you nervous ? '' 
 victoria asked her . 
 how did she know i am nervous ? 
 carmel thought . 
 `` come in carmel . 
 let 's have a little chit-chat . '' 
 victoria threw her bag and keys on the couch . 
 `` i was supposed to clean the house but my mom informed me that she already sent someone to clean . 
 so , i just went to buy groceries . '' 
 victoria put the grocery bag she had on the kitchen table . 
 carmel followed victoria . 
 `` so , what brings you here ? '' 
 victoria was so serious which made carmel more nervous . 
 `` i -- actually saw the news when i arrived home . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 `` i 'm just worried . '' 
 carmel saw victoria walked towards the fridge but she stopped when she saw the bottle above the table . 
 she stopped and looked at carmel but her friend just looked away easily , pretending not to see her . 
 `` why so worried about it ? '' 
 victoria asked , pretending not to notice the weird actions of her friend . 
 `` should n't you be worried as well ? '' 
 carmel asked her hesitantly . 
 `` should i ? '' 
 victoria was really good on manipulating people . 
 she knew how to talk back and make things turn on different way . 
 `` should n't you ? '' 
 carmel sounded sarcastic this time . 
 questions remained as questions . 
 no direct answers given . 
 it made her more confused . 
 `` carmel . '' 
 victoria called but carmel was not looking at her . 
 her friend was afraid of what else she would find out . 
 she did n't know if she was ready to hear it , but she was preparing herself somehow . 
 `` look at me . '' 
 victoria held carmel 's shoulders . 
 carmel still refused to look at victoria but she did n't have a choice . 
 she felt scared with how victoria 's eyes looked like when she looked at them . 
 it was the first time she stared on those eyes . 
 `` victoria . '' 
 carmel whispered . 
 `` y-your eyes . '' 
 carmel 's voice was like choking and that she could n't find the words to say . 
 `` carmel , this is me . 
 all your thoughts , they were all right . 
 i can hear them . 
 i can feel your feelings . 
 that moment you saw faddy in the hospital until you get home and the following days where you locked yourself in your room because of the pain you felt , i was there . 
 i looked after you and listened to all the your sobs , curses and regrets . 
 and now , i can command you right after this confession of mine to forget things , and you 'll automatically forget them . 
 but , trust me ; i wo n't do that because i trust you and because you are my friend . 
 now , do you trust me ? '' 
 victoria sincerely said . 
 `` victoria '' carmel saw victoria let out a small smile filled with sadness . 
 victoria turned around and walked back to carmel after getting the bottle on the table . 
 carmel did n't answer victoria 's question . 
 `` now tell me what you are thinking about the bottle . '' 
 victoria asked carmel . 
 `` just tell me carmel . 
 it 's okay . 
 i am not god but right exactly the moment you 're still thinking what you are about to say , i already know it . '' 
 victoria said and smiled . 
 she could hear my thoughts ? 
 carmel thought , feeling in doubt . 
 `` yes i can . 
 so , if it 's hard for you to say it , then , just think of it . '' 
 i saw in the bottle `` capsulated blood '' . 
 why would it be capsulated ? 
 it does n't say there that it is any kind of iron-supplement but it says that it was made from fresh human blood . 
 `` okay ? '' 
 victoria answered after hearing carmel 's thought . 
 but i do n't know what wirth is . 
 `` wirth 's use only '' i know human blood are taken by creatures like ... . . 
 vampires ? 
 i do n't know . 
 i really do n't know . 
 i do n't think vampires exist . 
 `` i do n't think too . 
 but , wirths are . '' 
 victoria paused trying to find a cool description without scaring her friend . 
 `` you are right with the capsulated blood and almost right with the wirth thing . 
 wirth 's are like vamps except for some abilities and characteristics . 
 it 's such a long story but if you have more time , you can talk to me about it some time . '' 
 victoria answered shortly . 
 `` a - '' carmel cleared her throat . 
 `` are you a wirth ? '' 
 victoria dipped down her head and looked away . 
 `` i am . '' 
 she answered and stood up against the glass window and looked outside . 
 carmel noticed that it was almost getting dark . 
 `` you 're not going to take away this memory from me , are you ? '' 
 carmel asked victoria with her voice shaking . 
 `` let me ask you same question again . 
 do you trust me ? '' 
 `` i do . '' 
 carmel said honestly . 
 long silence covered the entire house . 
 victoria looked at carmel and smiled sweetly as if that was the sweetest smile she ever had on her beautiful face . 
 carmel never seen that smile in victoria 's face since the very first time she met her . 
 `` it 's getting dark , you should go home now . 
 the road 's no longer safe for you . 
 go home and rest . 
 stop staring at my mesmerizing smile . 
 it 's so manipulative , you know ? '' 
 victoria teased and laughed . 
 `` we 'll talk about it some other time . '' 
 she continued . 
 carmel stood up and walked to the door with victoria . 
 she held her friend 's shoulder and kissed her on the forehead . 
 victoria then whispered on carmel 's ears . 
 `` i did n't kill them , believe me . 
 i 'll find out who did this . 
 now leave and let me be the one to tell our other friends . 
 i want to protect them , and you . 
 call me as soon as you get home , okay ? '' 
 `` i will . 
 thank you victoria . '' 
 carmel left with ease . 
 some of her confusions were answered while some remained unanswered , but for her , those unanswered ones should just stay that way . 
 it 's for the better . 
 after knowing the truth that sophie is a wirth , whatever a wirth really is , carmel still believed that her friend was a good person and that she will never hurt anybody . 
 `` oh . 
 it 's driving me crazy . '' 
 carmel did n't know why she felt excited with the thought of having such kind of unusual friend . 
 in the other hand , she felt worried of what might happen in the end . 
 if victoria did n't kill the two girls , then ... . 
 who ? 
 or maybe , nobody really killed them and what happened to them was just an accident . 
 but , it 's impossible to have that kind of accident , faces broken and bodies thrown on a lake . 
 impossible . 
 carmel continued driving back home . 
 sooner or later , she 'll find out more about victoria being a wirth . 
 as the stop light turned red , she opened her window and gasped for some fresh air . 
 the wind blew so cold . 
 it was still winter and it was so cold everywhere . 
 while carmel was waiting for the green signal , she saw a man on the other car looking at her seriously . 
 carmel smiled at him slightly as if she knew him , but the did n't reply a smile . 
 carmel did n't mind at all since he was just a stranger . 
 she drove so fast as the light made a ` go ' signal . 
 chapter fifteen after telling carmel the truth , it bothered victoria how things would be after such revelation . 
 her friend had been so suspicious about her lately so victoria preferred telling the truth . 
 she did not follow what her mom told her not to let anybody know about it . 
 she could just delete their memories afterwards but at that moment , she wanted to have someone to talk to about it first . 
 victoria face the mirror and looked on her entire body as if she was memorizing every part of it . 
 she remembered thayer who saved her life and whose blood she took to make her a total wirth . 
 the thought of his face terrified her as if he became the image of her conscience . 
 she never thought guilt would have such a bad taste . 
 `` what happened to you ? '' 
 victoria wondered . 
 `` where in arizona ? 
 why did he transfer ? 
 what happened to him ? 
 did i infect him ? 
 did he ... . . 
 become like me , a monstrous wirth ? 
 is he okay ? 
 is he fine ? '' 
 questions suddenly occurred to victoria as she felt pity for thayer . 
 her mom told her to watch after him , but she did n't even have a single idea what happened to him after she last saw him in that parking lot . 
 she thought he will just be around . 
 she even pushed him away . 
 he was concerned about her but she forgot that she should have been concerned about him too . 
 he disappeared days after she saw him in the university . 
 now , she was so urged to find him . 
 after realizing her fault , victoria decided to go to thayer 's house . 
 it 's a little bit far since it was located in the woods . 
 victoria thought they have some similarities since they both want a peaceful place to live . 
 they want to be private . 
 she passed by the huge trees she hid before , where thayer found her . 
 she became more worried as she was just few meters away from his house . 
 she went down her car and walked nearer . 
 the house looked a bit different too with what she seen before . 
 it looked a bit messier outside . 
 `` bauer ? '' 
 she shouted to nowhere . 
 her voice echoed through the giant trees surrounding the place . 
 she was just taking chances if ever he was in there thought she knows he 's not . 
 she walked around the house and stood up in front of thayer 's room where she broke his glass window . 
 `` oh '' victoria just said when she saw the window was no longer broken , instead , three pieces of wood were nailed on it to serve as a cover . 
 she tried to look into the small holes on the wood to see the room . 
 it was so cold that victoria could see the air in front of her mouth as she breathed . 
 `` holy shit ? '' 
 victoria did n't even see anything inside . 
 it was so dark and she could n't see a thing . 
 `` what in world are you doing in arizona bauer ? '' 
 she heard her voice echoed again . 
 she could n't hear anything more except for the breeze of wind hitting her ear . 
 she felt madness inside her . 
 she continued to search the entire place as she heard the sound of her boots as she stepped on the ground filled with snow . 
 she saw another glass window on the other side of the house . 
 she broke it using her knuckles . 
 it bleed a little but it did n't hurt so she just continued breaking the window to get inside . 
 she did n't even know why she 's still insisting to get inside the house though she knew thayer 's not in there . 
 as victoria entered the broken window , she saw that the entire house was seriously messed up . 
 it looked more like a trash . 
 broken glasses , papers scattered on the floor , ripped clothes hanging on the chairs , lots of spider webs everywhere , and of course , what she hates most , thick dust on the floor , on the couches , tables , everywhere . 
 it was cold outside but dusts were all around inside the house like viruses spreading everywhere , about to attack , about to cause inflammation to victoria , and about to give her sickness . 
 `` what happened to you bauer ? 
 why is this place like this ? '' 
 she felt really disturbed that she could n't even get a single answer . 
 coming in thayer 's house gave her more unanswered questions . 
 the very last room victoria entered was thayer 's room . 
 she saw a thick dried blood on the floor . 
 she touched it with her hands and she noticed that more drops of blood were scattered everywhere . 
 she smelled her hand , and she was so sure it was thayer 's blood . 
 she could n't only familiar its taste but also its smell . 
 his blood was circulating within her veins and she was hundred percent sure it was his blood . 
 victoria walked out of the room and saw the big mirror where she first saw herself transforming slowly . 
 she faced it again but it was filled with dust and web . 
 she looked back and saw the picture of the girl she also saw before . 
 she still wondered who that person was . 
 `` i 'm sorry bauer . 
 i 'm really sorry . '' 
 now , she knew she really did infect thayer . 
 she felt a gush of sympathy for whatever he has gone through when she infected him . 
 victoria opened the front door as if she lived in the house and drove straight to skirrow 's to gather some more information that will help know what happen to thayer . 
 as she entered the classroom , she saw her friends including carmel . 
 carmel smiled at her as if the confession did not bother her . 
 victoria sat behind kim and as she sat down , kim sniffed her like a dog and sneezed . 
 `` what the hell happened to you ? '' 
 kim asked as she took a spider web on victoria 's hair . 
 `` oh . . 
 that '' victoria just said . 
 she almost laugh when she did n't even clean up herself first before heading to school . 
 she even forgot that she entered an abandoned house full of dirt because she was distracted with the thought of thayer 's sudden disappearance . 
 she 's been having too many dramas and she found it funny . 
 `` god ! 
 what did you do ? '' 
 genie also asked and took victoria 's knuckles . 
 it was n't bleeding anymore but the wound 's still there with a clotted blood . 
 that moment , victoria could no longer control her laughter when she saw her palm really dirty . 
 she caught everyone 's attention when she laughed out loud inside the classroom . 
 he palm was n't pale white anymore , but really dusty and grayish . 
 she used it to wipe the mirror to see her reflection and she even forgot to wash it afterwards . 
 she looked like a homeless person who did n't clean herself . 
 oh god ! 
 i really looked like a mess . 
 victoria thought to herself . 
 `` why are you laughing ? 
 i do n't think it is something to be laughed about ? '' 
 elizabeth told victoria as she held her and headed to the rest room to help her clean herself . 
 carmel walked with them and took her first aid kit . 
 `` long story guys . '' 
 victoria just told them . 
 `` oh victoria . 
 you 're just so pathetic . '' 
 ran said in a low voice as she washed victoria 's hand and wound in the faucet . 
 `` pathetic ? '' 
 victoria repeated and replied a short chuckle . 
 she acted like an infant whenever she 's with them . 
 they take care of her and she will protect them for the rest of her life . 
 it 's all she could do for them in return . 
 `` by the way , the dean said we 're going to have a new professor for our clinical microscopy . '' 
 kim said . 
 `` he must be handsome . '' 
 elizabeth and genie giggled as they take out the 70 % isopropyl alcohol , gauze and micropore out of the kit . 
 genie took victoria 's hand and poured an alcohol on the wound . 
 she did it to avoid getting clostridium tetani due to whatever had caused the wound . 
 victoria just could n't figure out why she suddenly slapped and pushed genie when the alcohol hit her wound . 
 `` stop it ! '' 
 victoria yelled . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 genie looked at victoria so intensified and worried . 
 victoria scared the hell out of her friends . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 victoria said . 
 `` it was not muriatic acid . 
 it was just an alcohol victoria . '' 
 genie stood up felling hurt for what her friend did . 
 victoria could n't describe it . 
 it felt like the heat was eating her flesh as if it burned her bit by bit , and as if it was a staphylococcus aureus , a flesh-eating bacteria , eating her skin and bones . 
 her hands were shaking as she could still feel pain on the wound . 
 she wrapped it with the gauze until nothing left for carmel 's kit . 
 she wrapped the whole gauze on her wrist , trying to lessen the hurt . 
 wirth 's were just so different from vamps . 
 vamps easily heal their wounds as what victoria seen in so many movies , but sometimes wirths do n't . 
 victoria went out of the restroom with her friends wondering what was wrong with her . 
 they headed back to the classroom . 
 silence covered the entire place when they walked in . 
 for a moment , the feeling of being seriously nervous hit victoria like a wave of tsunami in the middle of nowhere . 
 she saw a familiar , scary and unrecognized person 's face . 
 she felt terrible and miserable when she puzzled the thought of who the person was . 
 this man ! 
 victoria thought . 
 she stood on the door while her friends already sat down on their chairs , listening to the person who was standing in front and talking about something . 
 victoria was n't paying attention after all . 
 she was just trying to figure out how this person looked so familiar to me . 
 victoria wanted to shout out loud after remembering that man but it remained in her thoughts . 
 that man , the one she saw in the convenient store , the man who caused a sudden gush of current and dread inside her ; the cadaverous and gaunt man ; the man who intensified her for so many days and nights . 
 that man looked at her without smiling . 
 he looked straightly in victoria 's eyes . 
 it made her swallow when she could n't even take her eyes away though she wanted to . 
 victoria could see herself in his eyes . 
 she felt terrified again as her heart was pounding . 
 `` mmmissss ? '' 
 he asked . 
 victoria felt something has commanded her to answer . 
 he was asking victoria her name . 
 he gave her a haunting stare as he wanted to take charge of her . 
 `` lockhart . 
 victoria lockhart . '' 
 she answered shortly and hesitantly trying to stop her voice from speaking but she could n't since the words came out so quickly . 
 `` miss victoria lockhart . '' 
 he repeated . 
 `` sit down . 
 why are you standing there ? '' 
 he asked sarcastically that made victoria 's other classmates to laugh . 
 it was the first time people laughed at her like she was some kind of a joke , a practical joke that she never found interesting and funny . 
 victoria sat quickly . 
 she wanted to command others to stop laughing but she just ca n't . 
 she felt a strong electric current stopping her from doing it . 
 she felt a single tear dropping on her face . 
 stop it , please . 
 it 's hurting me . 
 victoria begged in her thought . 
 she knew he could hear her . 
 victoria felt carmel tapped her on the shoulders she could n't hear what her friend was saying , not even the laughter she heard before . 
 she could n't hear anything , just her thought and the loud sound of silence covering the entire place . 
 it felt like she was drowning in a water and that she could n't hear nor breathe . 
 she looked at carmel 's face . 
 she tried to ask for help from that kind of feeling but victoria suddenly heard a tingling bell in her ears . 
 it lasted for a long moment until she could n't bear it . 
 help me ! 
 victoria wanted to tell them but nothing was going out of her mouth . 
 she could only feel drops of tears falling down her eyes . 
 she saw her friends panicking as they stood and held victoria up , but she still could n't hear what they were talking about . 
 she was not having any seizures or hallucinations . 
 what 's happening to her was real . 
 she could feel the man standing in front of the room looking at victoria . 
 she tried to gasp for some air but she could n't . 
 she felt like a pillow was being pressed on her face and she was trying to get away with it to breathe some air . 
 a strong force in the room was stopping her to live and she could n't do anything about it . 
 she probably just have to watch herself suffocate and die slowly in the hands of that man . 
 this guy is a wirth , much stronger than me . 
 why is he doing this to me ? 
 is he trying to kill me ? 
 victoria tried to fight him back . 
 she thought of her mom ; her faceless father who only existed on theresa 's story ; she thought of the moment theresa told her the story about tatiana , how she escaped black kingdom and married the prince of white kingdom and gave birth to victoria 's father ; she also thought of the day she became a wirth ; she thought of thayer and his house which pretended to live in a private location inside the forest , looking so safe and anonymous , the smothered house which no longer felt anonymous or safe ; she thought of the place which felt as if staying there was like staying in a torturing jail place ; she thought of how the place she was in now no longer felt like a place of learning but a place wherein she 'll be buried dead ; victoria went back on her father 's thought again , of how it would feel to stay and live with him as she grows older ; she thought of how sad it was when she never had any chance to live with him ; she thought of having him in her memory would be a symbol of being strong ; she thought of how her father died in the arms of black wirths ; she thought of living , of fighting for her family , of protecting everyone she loves . 
 random faces appeared on victoria 's thoughts and it suddenly just stopped on the man 's face who was slowly and silently killing her that moment . 
 victoria shouted in pain which made her throw her friends surrounding her . 
 she was like possessed by a demon but not exactly by real demon , but a wirth she barely knows . 
 until then , she went back to her consciousness and she saw the man 's eyes got wider in surprise . 
 she wiped the tears on her face and breathe continuously as if she got drowned longer enough ` til someone finally helped her . 
 she used all her strength to stop the chasm and punishment that man was giving her . 
 miss lockhart ? 
 victoria heard the man 's thought talking to her now . 
 he never opened his mouth to talk but he used his mind to communicate with her . 
 what do you want from me ? 
 how did you do that ? 
 he asked . 
 do what ? 
 how could it be possible that a neophyte like you could defeat my force ? 
 you tried to kill me . 
 i 'm gon na kill you now . 
 victoria stood up and about to raise her hand to release the power she believed she got form laviagna valdovski . 
 do n't . 
 the man said in his thoughts . 
 what do you want ? 
 why are you here ? 
 who are you ? 
 we 'll talk about it later . 
 and give you another chance to kill me again ? 
 no ! 
 that 's not it . 
 the man ran towards victoria 's friends who were on the floor when she had the strong force coming out from her . . 
 `` are you okay ? 
 miss lockhart ! 
 what happened ? '' 
 the guy asked victoria as if nothing happened . 
 victoria saw her friends tapping each others ' uniforms trying to clean themselves from dust . 
 `` i-i 'm sorry '' victoria just told them . 
 she caused the entire class in chaos . 
 `` miss lockhart , you need to see a doctor and be in the discipline 's office . '' 
 the man said in a calm voice helping the students get up . 
 should n't you be the one to be in the discipline 's office and be in jail since you tried to drown and kill me ? 
 you should also go and see a doctor , lunatic murderer . 
 just follow . ' 
 the man replied in his thoughts too . 
 victoria held carmel in the arms and helped her stand up . 
 victoria made a tiny shield for her and carmel so that the other wirth would not notice what she will tell her friend . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . 
 i 'll tell you later . 
 please , bring them in my house after class . '' 
 victoria whispered . 
 victoria went out of the classroom and headed to the discipline 's office . 
 the man followed her . 
 `` stop . '' 
 he said . 
 victoria continued walking . 
 she could resist his commands now . 
 `` we need to talk . '' 
 he continued to tell victoria but she did n't pay attention . 
 she was scared to know if who he is . 
 victoria was already in front of the discipline 's office when she stopped and turned back at him . 
 she smiled devilishly and said . 
 `` are n't you amazed ? 
 you ca n't control me . '' 
 i do n't even know this guy 's name . 
 victoria thought . 
 `` my name is cormack lippincott '' he said in his deep voice . 
 `` what an ugly name . 
 you obviously live in an ancient time . 
 look at you . '' 
 victoria managed to joke . 
 `` victoria lockhart '' he whispered and thought deeply like a csi agent solving a crime scene . 
 victoria felt his worries inside . 
 she wondered why he was worrying now . 
 it made her confuse . 
 `` you are a lockhart . '' 
 he kept on repeating to himself . 
 he was hiding something since he decided to limit the thoughts he can share like what victoria did when she told carmel to bring their friends in her house after class . 
 he just made a fair deal . 
 `` what happened to your father ? '' 
 he asked again . 
 victoria looked at him vigorously and examined his face ; he also looked calm and relaxed now . 
 `` why do you want to know ? '' 
 victoria walked away and left him standing there . 
 they did n't proceed to the discipline 's office anymore . 
 she left him standing in front of that office as victoria left the university . 
 she made sure that cormack lippincott was not following her . 
 chapter sixteen victoria saw her friends sitting on the stairs in front of her house . 
 they were obviously waiting for her . 
 as she was parking her car , she heard their confused and arguing thoughts . 
 you have lots to explain to them , to us . 
 victoria heard carmel 's thought as she went down her car . 
 she smiled while taking few steps towards her friends . 
 carmel talked to her using her thoughts . 
 `` and why are you smiling ? 
 you have lots of things to explain to us ! '' 
 genie told victoria in a really mad voice . 
 told yah . 
 carmel thought again . 
 victoria took off her sunglasses and raised her brow while facing at carmel with smile on her face . 
 victoria opened the door and everybody went inside and sat down the couch as if they own the place . 
 `` what happened to you in school ? 
 you scared us a lot . 
 you were like a zombie . 
 like seriously ? 
 we were tapping and slapping you hard enough but you numb . 
 you stared at us , scaring the hell out of us , with teardrops on your face . 
 what the happened to you ? '' 
 kim made her speech . 
 `` were you out of your mind ? 
 you suddenly made a really strong force to everybody as if you were some kind of a beast pushing all of us aside . 
 you acted as if you 've just woke up in a minute and made that really ... '' elizabeth paused . 
 `` really unexplained force . '' 
 she continued . 
 beast victoria repeated to herself . 
 she noticed carmel looked at her in sympathy . 
 `` are n't you going to talk ? '' 
 genie asked angrily . 
 victoria did n't know how or where to start . 
 she was searching for the right words in her head , trying not to give them a toxic shock syndrome or anything . 
 `` you 're wasting our time . 
 you 're not talking . 
 i 'll go ahead . 
 i 'm sick of your shits victoria lockhart . '' 
 genie stood up and about to leave when victoria suddenly commanded her to sit down and listen to what she was about to say . 
 genie just sat down right after victoria told her to do so which made carol and elizabeth to laugh . 
 `` you said you 're leaving but why are you still sitting ? '' 
 the two girls laughed at genie . 
 victoria commanded the two to stop and make some silence . 
 long silence covered the entire house . 
 `` go on victoria . 
 we 're here to listen . '' 
 ran told on a soft voice . 
 `` i - `` victoria hesitated . 
 `` i am special . '' 
 victoria heard them all talking together which gave her the thought that they 'll not understand the situation she was going through . 
 she commanded them again to stop talking and let her finish . 
 `` the night i was gone in the hospital , was the night i knew i am different . '' 
 `` you always were . '' 
 kim interrupted . 
 ran gave her a look which made kim put her hands up indicating a retreat . 
 `` i am a wirth and we feed on blood , but i do n't kill human . '' 
 victorian saw the looks of surprise in their faces . 
 some of them laughed while some remained stiff . 
 `` how and why did you become a wirth ? 
 is it some kind of a curse ? '' 
 ran asked . 
 victoria moved the center table to the side and let everyone sit on the floor to face her . 
 they listened to her as she shared the story theresa told her , starting from tatiana until the moment she was born and how it can make everyone 's lives in danger . 
 `` so what happened to thayer issamar bauer now ? '' 
 kim managed to ask . 
 victoria swallowed and took a deep breath . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 this morning , i went to his house and nobody 's there anymore . 
 i know you guys already that he moved back to arizona but i knew there was something wrong . 
 he has his reason to leave . 
 and i knew it . 
 i saw blood all over his place . 
 he must have turned into my neophyte . 
 i sipped his blood on his palm . '' 
 `` probably because you kissed him , that 's why he left . '' 
 genie laughed . 
 `` lucky him . 
 we 've heard he had a huge crush on you since first year . '' 
 kim joked . 
 victoria just rolled her eyes . 
 `` that was the reason why i was so dirty and spider webs were on my hair , and also the reason why i have this wound . '' 
 victoria continued . 
 `` wirths can also be a burglar ? '' 
 victoria shook her head in disbelief . 
 her friends were so interested to find out things about her being a wirth . 
 `` i have a question . '' 
 carmel asked . 
 `` if you did n't kill the two cheerleaders , then , who did ? '' 
 victoria paused and tried to answer carmel honestly . 
 she tried to remember that moment she was walking down the street . 
 she heard them talking behind her , laughing and planning to kill her . 
 `` honestly , the moment they put you on shame inside oasis , i 've had this thought of killing them . 
 i was so angry seeing them doing that to you in front of me . 
 i really wanted to kill them , but i was not lucky enough to did that to them . '' 
 `` was that the reason why you wanted to stay in oasis that time ? '' 
 genie asked seriously this time . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` if not you , then who did ? 
 the incident happened the same night and time you were with them . '' 
 ran had the question this time . 
 `` i was walking down the streets . 
 faddy left those two girls following me . 
 we were almost meters away from the bar . 
 i heard them talking about breaking my face and throwing me on the lake in the middle of the forest . 
 right back then , it made me smile for i know that even though they were two and i was all by myself , i can do worse than what they planned on me since i am a wirth . 
 while having that thought , i felt something hard hit me on the head , a huge stone to be exact . 
 i felt dizzy for few minutes and when i went back to a sound mind , they were gone . 
 i do n't know where they were which gave me an idea that they just hit me with that stone and ran away like coward bitches . '' 
 victoria explained to them the truth of what happened . 
 she really did n't know what happened to the girls and who did that to them . 
 `` wait . 
 what about in class this afternoon , what happened ? '' 
 carol asked . 
 `` oh that . '' 
 victoria just said . 
 should i tell them that we have a monster professor ? 
 well , i 'm here now and they 'll beg me to tell them anyway . 
 `` our professor ... . 
 mr. . '' 
 victoria paused trying to remember his name . 
 `` mr. cormack lippincott . '' 
 kim helped her . 
 `` mr. corn..lip-in-caught ? '' 
 victoria said which made everybody laugh . 
 `` whatever his name is ... '' she continued and sat properly . 
 she prepared for the new revelation and was about to tell them . 
 `` mr. corn ... '' victoria repeated . 
 `` cormack . 
 cormack . 
 cor-mack ! 
 god victoria ! '' 
 elizabeth interrupted . 
 `` whatever . 
 go on victoria . '' 
 ran hushed elizabeth . 
 `` mr. corn is also a wirth and he was controlling me and my thoughts this afternoon . '' 
 she said in a more summarized way . 
 `` what ????? '' they all said together . 
 `` uh-huh ... '' victoria told them as re-assurance . 
 she also explained how she survived on mr. corn 's powerful force . 
 `` wow ! 
 amazing ! '' 
 carmel said in excitement . 
 `` how will our semester turn to if we have these wirths around us ? 
 oh god ! 
 it 's a battle ! '' 
 genie said as she boxed with carol and kim . 
 `` no . 
 it 's not . 
 it 's not fun . 
 it 's too dangerous . '' 
 `` how did you say so ? '' 
 ran asked . 
 `` do n't be too happy of having this kind of battle with mr. corn . 
 it might kill me or any one of you , or even my family . 
 they killed my father and i 'm afraid they can do same thing again to me and to the people around me . 
 i can only protect you guys as long as i can . 
 but , time will come they 'll surely corner me and they can hurt any members of my family , and all of you . 
 i will never let that happen ` cause the moment they do that to any one of you , i would want to taste my enemy 's flesh . '' 
 long silence covered the entire house . 
 `` just kidding . 
 not taste like taste . 
 what i meant was that i could kill them if they touch any of you . '' 
 she defended trying not to scare her friends . 
 `` we 're being a burden to you , victoria . '' 
 ran said . 
 `` no , you 're not a burden to me . 
 i love all of you ` cause you are part of my life and became a family to me . 
 i will and must protect you guys , even chris or chrysler and everyone you love . 
 i 'll protect them and make sure nobody will ever hurt them . '' 
 `` come on guys . 
 cheer up ! '' 
 carmel tried to break the tension . 
 victoria 's friends just let out a deep sigh and they made a group hug altogether . 
 friendship , no matter what happens , no matter who you are , as long as you 're being honest with one another , it will never be the reason of your break-ups , instead , a reason of keeping your relationship stronger . 
 chapter seventeen victoria was n't able to have enough sleep last night . 
 she had nightmares about dealing with some other stronger wirth , much stronger than mr. corn . 
 it made her really weak when she woke up , as if she really had a live battle with real wirths . 
 `` good morning everybody ! 
 good morning miss lockhart . '' 
 mr. corn looked at victoria with his a smile on his skinny face . 
 right exactly when mr. corn entered the class , he did n't notice that victoria commanded him not to hear any of her friend 's thoughts in case they will have some flashback about what they talked . 
 she got them covered with her own force to protect them . 
 while victoria played with her pen during class , she did not notice that she fell asleep . 
 when she woke up , she already saw her friends packing up their books . 
 `` are we done ? '' 
 she asked them . 
 `` obviously ? '' 
 genie smiled and answered her . 
 victoria have n't told her mom about mr. corn yet . 
 she could n't c0ntact them for almost weeks already . 
 they got disconnected the last time victoria called her informing her about mr. corn . 
 until now , she has n't received any calls from her mom . 
 she wondered what happened to her . 
 she 's planning to go to walsh city but she thought it would be safer for her if she just stays in bewilder . 
 `` miss lockhart ? 
 can we talk ? '' 
 victoria heard mr. corn 's voice . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` it 's important . '' 
 `` i said no . 
 which part of it that you do n't understand ? '' 
 genie heard victoria talking back to mr. cormack lippincot which made her give victoria a fierce look . 
 i 'll meet you at the back of the university . 
 mr. corn thought to simply talk to victoria . 
 she just ignored him as if she did not hear anything . 
 victoria and her friends headed to the cafeteria for lunch . 
 `` i think you should go . '' 
 carmel whispered . 
 `` you 're letting me attack a nemesis alone and be killed easily ? '' 
 victoria asked . 
 `` what if he is not a nemesis ? '' 
 `` what if he is ? '' 
 victoria asked back . 
 `` yeah right . 
 what if he 's not ? 
 go ahead victoria , talk to him . 
 he said it 's important . '' 
 ran tried to convince . 
 `` did he compelled you or something ? '' 
 victoria gave them a questioning look . 
 victoria 's friends just moved their shoulders and nod . 
 `` fine . 
 fine . 
 i 'll go now but please , do n't go there . 
 i know you guys think this is fun , but no , it 's not . 
 okay ? 
 stay here and do n't come near us . '' 
 victoria stood up and walked out of the cafeteria . 
 she found herself heading at the back of the university leaving her footsteps on the snow-filled ground . 
 she could see the smoke coming out of her mouth whenever she breathed . 
 it was still winter and it made her feel so good inside . 
 the cold covering the entire town gave her an ease . 
 she heard every steps she made on the snow , she also heard a bottle opened somewhere . 
 she looked around and she saw mr. corn opening a bottle of juice . 
 he was sitting on a bench with his bag beside him and the bottle of strawberry juice on his hands . 
 he looked at victoria and smiled . 
 `` what 's that , a new invention of blood juice ? '' 
 `` hmm '' he answered which made her confused . 
 she was not sure if it meant yes or no . 
 `` want some ? '' 
 he handed her another bottle that he took from his bag . 
 `` i have always love winter . '' 
 he said . 
 victoria took the bottle and opened it . 
 she almost threw it out of shock . 
 `` blood ! '' 
 mr. corn just laughed . 
 victoria sat down beside mr. corn and examined the blood by smelling it . 
 `` it 's not human blood . '' 
 she concluded . 
 `` magnificent . 
 how did you know ? '' 
 `` i 've smelled one before . '' 
 mr. corn just gave her a look and continued his drink . 
 `` it 's a deer 's blood . '' 
 he said . 
 `` so , you do n't drink human blood too ? '' 
 victoria asked as she tried to taste the deer 's blood . 
 `` no . 
 i 've tasted once , but never again . 
 i regret the moment i took a human 's life just to please my thirst . '' 
 mr. corn answered . 
 `` you were a neophyte ? '' 
 `` yup . '' 
 `` so you were just tempted too ? '' 
 `` uh-huh ? '' 
 `` oh . 
 i see . '' 
 victoria wiped the corner of her lips as she continued to drink the deer 's blood . 
 they were both treating each other as if they knew one another for a long time . 
 `` tell me more about you when you turned to a wirth . '' 
 mr. corn broke the silence and started asking victoria questions . 
 victoria stopped drinking and gave mr. corn a questioning look . 
 is this how he will attack me ? 
 victoria thought . 
 `` i 'm not doing this to attack you . 
 i 'm doing this to know you better and i wholeheartedly apologize if i did that to you before . '' 
 he just said . 
 victoria forgot to lock her thoughts thoughts . 
 he heard it as if she has just spoken it out to him . 
 `` when i saw your thoughts trying to save yourself from my attack , i was so shocked . 
 i was n't really expecting that you are the person i 've been looking for almost years now . '' 
 `` p-person you 've been looking for ? '' 
 she stuttered and moved back away from him . 
 in that moment , she felt scared when she heard him saying person i 've been looking for almost years now . 
 victoria remembered the words from her mom about her black wirth ancestors looking for her . 
 mr. corn looked at victoria furiously and said , `` victoria , please ... do n't be scared of me . '' 
 she saw his eyes became teary as he spoke those words with his gentle and soft voice . 
 `` how would n't i ? 
 i do n't even know you . '' 
 `` look at me , straight in my eyes . '' 
 victoria did look at him . 
 `` now , tell me . 
 what can you see ? '' 
 victoria could n't see anything . 
 she tried to look again , deep inside him and as the sudden gush of current flowed inside her veins , she broke down the ground , felt the cold snow on her feet and legs , was paralyzed with what she saw . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 her voice was shaking . 
 she tried not to recognize what she just found out . 
 tears fell all of a sudden , and they became so unstoppable . 
 `` yes , victoria . 
 what you saw was real . 
 believe me . '' 
 `` how could that be ? '' 
 `` long story , but i can tell you sooner or later . '' 
 `` no . 
 my mom told me ... you died ! '' 
 `` it 's better that way . 
 yes , it is better that way . '' 
 he said and he walked towards victoria and hugged her so tight . 
 `` you are a lady now , a strong and beautiful lady . '' 
 he spoke as he touched victoria 's hair . 
 `` daddy ! '' 
 she replied and embraced him back so tight . 
 she never called anyone daddy for real before . 
 they were all in her memories but at that very moment , she knew it was real . 
 she does n't know how it happened that he was alive , but she knew and believed in what she saw . 
 he was matthew lockhart , son of tatiana valdovski and daniel lockhart . 
 he was victoria 's father , the father she thought was dead when she was still a baby . 
 he is alive , in front of her . 
 chapter eighteen `` tell us what the conversation with mr lippincot was about . '' 
 genie asked out f her curiosity . 
 `` there are lots of revelations . '' 
 victoria replied shortly . 
 `` i do n't know and understand everything yet . 
 for now , let 's study for tomorrow 's exam , okay ? '' 
 kim and carol raised their brows and sighed in disappointment . 
 genie looked at carmel and rolled her eyes with smirk on her face . 
 victoria looked at them back and forth , feeling pissed off with their reactions . 
 `` what 's with the smirk and rolling of the eyes ? '' 
 victoria started to raise her voice . 
 `` i did not ask you people to be interested in all of these in the first place . 
 now , get out of my house , all of you . '' 
 `` victoria ? '' 
 ran could n't believe what victoria just said . 
 `` you heard me . '' 
 `` look , we know you 've been going through a lot lately but we are your friends . 
 we want to be with you whatever problems you have . '' 
 ran explained her side . 
 `` are you ? '' 
 victoria paused and looked at genie . 
 `` i-i am sorry . 
 i w-was just ... shocked . 
 i just ca n't believe all of these are happening to us , to you . '' 
 she said in a low voice . 
 `` that is not what 's in your mind though . '' 
 victoria can hear her thoughts saying it 's too much , i do n't deserve to experience this . 
 `` it 's just that ... '' `` it 's too much for you genie ? 
 i 'm sorry but you 've got no idea of anything . '' 
 it ticked into victoria 's heart like a bomb . 
 `` just ... leave . 
 all of you . '' 
 victoria never meant to disrespect anybody but one of them disrespected her which in turn made her disrespect everybody . 
 why do i have to know what they think ? 
 the truth is that having this kind of ability is n't fun anymore . 
 i wanted to un-know few things . 
 victoria felt so worn out . 
 it might be a mixture of knowing and wanting the not-knowing part . 
 she 's a like a child between the polarity of disgust and impatience , with no vocabulary to express the real confusion she had inside . 
 they left with victoria 's front door open . 
 they would n't be able to remember anything tomorrow because at that very moment when one of them started to complain about victoria 's situation , she also started to delete every single memory in their minds about her and mr. corn being a wirth . 
 they 've just discovered it but she realized it would be better they do n't have any single idea . 
 they 'll be safe that way . 
 after all , what 's the point of letting them document her own life ? 
 she wanted to protect them and it 's her way of doing that . 
 victoria took a glass of water and recalled what she saw in mr. corn 's thoughts . 
 she saw the very moment he met her mom and the moment he stood beside theresa when she was giving birth to her ; she saw the time when he was carrying her on his arms ; and even that very moment they went to the white kingdom to introduce victoria ; the moment matthew , or known now as mr. cormack lippincot , fought at white kingdom to save the people , his daughter victoria and when he got captured at black kingdom as prisoner . 
 victoria saw the chamber he was imprisoned was really dark with only one small window showing the big bloody moo of the kingdom . 
 victoria felt horrified as she tried to remember what she saw on mr. corn 's eyes . 
 she saw the very moment his father was at the center hall of the black kingdom and was punished by the soldiers including the big and ugly-faced leader who was holding an ax trying to cut off her father 's head . 
 she tried to recall her mom 's story about tatiana and the black kingdom . 
 by then , she realized that the man who the leader of the soldiers was villionere baltemint , the man who was supposed to be married with tatiana . 
 that moment , when tatiana 's father stopped villionere from cutting off mr. corn 's head , warriors from white kingdom , riding on their horses appeared and rescued mr. corn . 
 it was leaded by daniel lockhart who was wearing his armor with his sword cutting off each and every black wirth 's head . 
 by then , tatiana showed up and walked towards her father . 
 after that time , everything blurred on victoria 's mind . 
 she could n't remember if mr. corn cut the scenes or if she really could n't remember the next thing that happened . 
 all those faces that she saw on mr. corn 's memory were people she never really met her whole life , and people she never wanted to meet , not the black wirths nor the white wirths . 
 all she knows now was that her father is alive . 
 he may have looked different in what she always have pictured in her mind but she was sure enough that mr. cormack lippincot is her father . 
 she wanted to know each and every spot of detail on what happened to tatiana 's father , if he died or not , or if what happened to the black wirth after they saved and rescued mr. corn . 
 victoria also started to wonder if her mom ever knew her father is alive , or if he ever visited theresa . 
 she also wondered why he has been looking for her and why he showed himself if it was too dangerous to discover victoria 's real story . 
 she started to solve the puzzle but she did n't know where or how to start it . 
 chapter nineteen `` victoria ! 
 hey , what 's up ? '' 
 genie approached victoria as if she have n't done anything offensive to her yesterday . 
 well , she would n't be able to remember anything anyway because victoria deleted her memory already . 
 victoria just rolled her eyes and did what genie exactly did yesterday in her house . 
 the life of her friends went back to normal again but not with her . 
 hers was just starting . 
 `` i 'll take that as an okay answer . '' 
 genie joked . 
 victoria became who and what she was again , an unapproachable , silent and uninteresting person . 
 the highlight of her life was n't something to be shared with anyone anymore so she 'll just keep it to herself . 
 she does n't know if anybody has ever thought on how boring she was and that nobody even wanted to talk to her aside from her friends because they 're scared enough to say a simple `` hi '' to her . 
 she has always knew it that people around her were scared of her , scared to approach her , and scared even just to smile at her . 
 she knew it has been the same everyday that she never wanted anyone too . 
 she never had an illusions of being wanted and liked by anybody . 
 she might have sounded like she was self-sufficient but she was not . 
 she just have a talent for loneliness . 
 there was nothing calculating about it . 
 it was natural for her , like knowing how to think . 
 she discovered it herself , on how to conquer loneliness . 
 she liked it when her seriousness slapped everyone in their faces . 
 victoria always thought it was good to have a character like that . 
 she has always been cautious and secretive , because for her , when people know what you care about , it all gets spoiled . 
 you started to see it through their eyes and whatever it was ; it just looked ridiculous to them . 
 they became scientists observing your every move . 
 that was what victoria felt when she found out that her friends felt exhausted of her situation . 
 she also knew how to spoil things for them . 
 she carried it on her most speculating veins , guessing at the limits and knowing that they will never know and find out the truth about victoria anymore . 
 maybe it was just a fear on her own capacity not to let them know about it anymore that 's why she never accepted anyone who wanted to spoil her own life . 
 victoria also believed that every day , and every moment of her life , she will meet different people . 
 some of them can be a coincidence who will change her life , while some can just remain people she knew but will never be mark a single spot in her life . 
 change might be a difficult word but more often , a sudden painful and difficult change can make her better and stronger . 
 her friends will always be her friends but she realized they can never take part on the most serious and horrifying part of her life . 
 she also believed that what was happening has a meaning and value . 
 she just have to deal with it especially on being a wirth , being with her newly-met and alive father , and being a protector of her family and friends ; and most of all , being part of thayer issamar bauer , which she does n't have any idea if still alive or not . 
 `` we have a new professor in clinical microscopy and guess what ... '' kim was so excited to inform everyone as she just interrupted victoria who was concentrating on reading her clinical microscopy book . 
 `` his name is ... corn . . 
 cor -- mack lippincot ? '' 
 victoria asked innocently . 
 she knew she removed the memory from her friends and she also knew it will be new to them again as if it would be the first time whey will meet victoria 's father . 
 `` no . 
 where did you get that name ? 
 his name is gamaliel de vera . 
 he 's just the hottest and cutest professor i 've ever seen . 
 like ever ! '' 
 kim described as if she was floating in the air just mentioning his name . 
 she kept on giggling as she spoke the name of the new professor . 
 wait . 
 what ? 
 where 's mr. corn then ? 
 it was like two days ago when it was announced that he is our new professor . 
 victoria headed to the dean 's office to ask about mr. lippincot , her dad . 
 `` where are you going ? 
 do n't tell us you 're going to see if we 're right about mr. de vera 's handsomeness ? '' 
 ran teased . 
 victoria ignored and ran to the office . 
 `` good morning dean . 
 where 's mr. corn ... . 
 mr. cormack lipppincot ? '' 
 `` who 's mr ... corn . . 
 whoever , miss lockhart ? '' 
 `` cormack ma’am . '' 
 `` whatever . 
 who is he ? '' 
 `` y-you do n't know him ? 
 you 've introduced him two days ago as our new professor in clinical microscopy . '' 
 the dean touched victoria 's forehead and it made her walk back . 
 `` are you sick ms. lockhart ? 
 mr. gamaliel de vera 's your new professor . 
 you seem fine though . 
 was i just dreaming when i 've discovered my father was alive ? 
 victoria wondered why nobody recognized or know mr. cormack lippincot 's name . 
 what was the two days ago and yesterday 's happening then , a dream or a nightmare ? 
 she thought as she walked out of the dean 's office . 
 victoria started to worry of what was going on . 
 she sat down the stairway and thought deeply . 
 she wanted to know and prove that a person , or rather a wirth , like her dad exist . 
 where are you dad ? 
 victoria 's heart beat fast like she was in a marathon as the thought of her father being unreal . 
 it strike to her like a lightning . 
 tears wanted to fall but it 'll just show weakness . 
 for the first time , right after she found out her dad was alive she felt that she belonged somewhere and that somewhere included him in her future . 
 she was happy because she felt his happiness when he found her . 
 all she ever wanted to feel was to be happy with him but victoria no longer felt that way now that he 's gone again . 
 she was figuring out what was going on when someone appeared in front of her . 
 `` are you okay , miss ? '' 
 victoria saw a crystal-skinned man standing above her as she was sitting on one of the stairs . 
 he was wearing glasses with black frame . 
 he has braces which made him hard to speak normally . 
 he did n't smile at her . 
 victoria looked at him intensely , examining his entire face . 
 he has a really mesmerizing handsomeness and she 'll say he 's the second person she has ever seen in the entire skirrow 's university with a face a woman would ever wanted to caress . 
 she stood up and did n't answer . 
 she walked out and headed to their classroom , pretending she never noticed the presence of that man . 
 `` have you seen mr. de vera ? 
 is n't he an angel fallen from heaven ? '' 
 kim started to giggle again . 
 `` good morning class . 
 i am your new professor . 
 my name is gamaliel de vera . '' 
 a guy just entered the door , put down his black leather bag on the desk and introduced himself . 
 everyone stood up to greet him , except victoria . 
 she took a sneak peek on what he looked like and she was surprised when the guy who approached her on the stairs was the angelic professor kim has been telling her . 
 kim grabbed victoria on her collar to help her stand up . 
 she could also notice carmel on her side kicking her foot , indicating her cannot-be-shown-emotion towards the guy in front of everybody . 
 mr. de vera told them to sit down . 
 victoria grabbed her pen to avoid the awkwardness and pretended to be writing . 
 she was not really writing anything . 
 she just pretended that way to hide that she admitted her friends were right . 
 for the first time in her life , she felt embarrassed because what she did to him a while ago at the stairs was so irrational . 
 `` see ? 
 he 's just soooo hot ! '' 
 kim smiled devilishly as she whispered to victoria . 
 `` not my type . 
 he looks nerd and can be easily bullied . '' 
 victoria answered and continued to write the name of her father . 
 it is true that mr. de vera was cute and handsome but it did n't mean victoria would like him . 
 victoria just ignored the presence of her friends and even the handsome professor in front of everybody . 
 she continued the thought of her father who suddenly became a dream and her mom whom she could no longer reach . 
 `` miss ... . 
 girl who was sitting on the stairway ? '' 
 victoria heard mr. de vera 's voice but she just ignored him . 
 genie 's heavy hands slapped victoria 's face to wake her up . 
 she has always been the kind of person who often thought separately from the people around her . 
 `` what ? '' 
 victoria asked lowly as she felt everybody 's eyes set to her . 
 `` mind introducing yourself ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` why would i ? '' 
 `` b-because everybody did . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 victoria suddenly realized that all her classmates were done introducing themselves , and now , it 's her turn . 
 she looked around and she heard them whispering to one another ; . 
 she 's mesmerized that 's why she barely listens . 
 one of victoria 's classmate said . 
 mesmerize my face . 
 she wanted to reply and slap on their faces the truth she does n't like him even though he was cute . 
 `` victoria lockhart . '' 
 she said shortly and sat immediately . 
 `` okay . 
 since this is our first meeting , i would like you to do an advance research about csf or cerebrospinal fluid for our next meeting 's discussion . 
 that 's all for now . '' 
 he said simply and left the room without anymore ado . 
 `` i thought he 's not your type ? 
 why were your eyes stuck to his ? '' 
 carmel teased . 
 `` i 'm thinking of something else , family matter . 
 and do n't drag me into your businesses on liking that professor , ` cause i know you do like him . 
 it 's a good thing you 've get over with faddy already . 
 you can like him anyway . 
 you 're a nice and good student . '' 
 victoria smiled at carmel for she has been hearing carmel 's thought the entire class how she admired the face of that professor so much . 
 `` in denial . '' 
 genie teased , `` get off my sight ! '' 
 victoria saw their annoying faces looking at her . 
 `` i need to go home now . 
 i 'll see you guys tomorrow . '' 
 victoria left and walked to the parking area . 
 she remembered her conversation with mr. corn or rather matthew lockhart , her dad , yesterday which seemed so real . 
 it was real or ... might be unreal . 
 where are you dad ? 
 what 's your reason of leaving me again this time ? 
 victoria knew she could n't choose where she came from but she could simply choose where to go and what to do . 
 she started the engine of her car and she also saw on the other side of the area mr. de vera getting into his black bmw car . 
 he headed out the parking area first and she followed afterwards . 
 victoria headed home and she threw herself down her soft and caressing bed as she grabbed her phone . 
 `` the number you are calling is busy at the moment . 
 please leave a message after the beep . '' 
 `` hey , dad . 
 where are you ? 
 in case you want to explain what is happening , i will be waiting for you tomorrow at 6am at the back of the university where we talked . 
 meeting you and knowing that you 're alive was the best feeling i 've ever felt since yesterday . 
 i want to see you just for a proof that everything was real and i 'm not just making it up in my imagination . 
 please call me back . '' 
 victoria dozed off and started to close her eyes . 
 chapter twenty at exactly 5:45 a.m , victoria already arrived at the rendezvous she set with her father . 
 she was unsure if he heard her call or not , but she still stood there in the middle of the cold waiting for him . 
 6:30 a.m but he 's not there yet . 
 6:55 a.m but no mr. corn around . 
 at 7:15 a.m , victoria 's class with mr. de vera will start . 
 she waited for her dad until 7:30 a.m but he never showed up . 
 it 's either he was n't able to hear her message or he simply does n't want to see her . 
 `` why are you late ? 
 first time in the history that it happened to you huh ? '' 
 ran whispered . 
 `` i 'm just 16 mins . 
 late . '' 
 `` it still matters . '' 
 `` by the way class , we are happy to inform you that this weekend , we will be having our first ever 3-days trip to the little community of weisffeld . 
 we will be joining the very first medical for a cause . '' 
 `` what 's the cause ? '' 
 victoria asked . 
 `` w-what ? '' 
 mr. de vera wondered . 
 `` you said it 's a medical for a cause . 
 for what cause ? '' 
 `` i-it 's ... . 
 the head of their community invited our school to give some lectures and medical mission on the people . '' 
 `` and why would we do that ? '' 
 `` because we are medically-learned people . '' 
 victoria took a few moment to think . 
 it was her first time to hear the name of the place . 
 `` where 's that place again mr. de vera ? '' 
 carmel asked first before victoria did . 
 `` it 's in weisffeld . 
 it 's not a known place and as what i 've known from head of their community , it is hours away from bewilder . 
 i do n't know yet but one of their people will be here to accompany us . '' 
 weisffeld . 
 weissfeld . 
 weisffeld . 
 where is this place ? 
 why do i feel like something 's up ? 
 `` are we the only school to attend the medical mission thingy ? '' 
 genie bothered to ask . 
 `` not that sure but i 've heard that there will be some other schools , selected schools , to accompany our activity . '' 
 `` this is all for now . 
 the activity will be 4 days away from now . 
 make sure to inform your parents or guardians and prepare your parent 's consents . 
 class dismissed . '' 
 `` this is so cool . 
 we 'll meet other students from other universities . 
 awesome ! '' 
 genie said excitingly . 
 `` what if the place is out of nowhere and we 'll end up being eaten by zombies ? '' 
 carmel . 
 `` you know what ? 
 you better stop watching ` the walking dead ' and start watching emily owens m.d. . 
 you 've been thinking of zombies a lot . '' 
 ran . 
 `` just ... . 
 just worried . 
 we have n't even heard about such place exist in this planet . 
 how would we know we 're gon na be safe there ? '' 
 `` not helping . 
 just cut it out carmel . 
 right , victoria ? '' 
 kim looked and blinked at victoria . 
 `` actually , it makes sense . '' 
 victoria replied . 
 `` w-what ? 
 who makes sense ? 
 me or carmel ? '' 
 `` of course carmel . 
 thanks for the hint . '' 
 victoria said and hurriedly packed up her bag and walked out of the room . 
 she heard kim saying they 're just both morbid . 
 well , actually this is not the first time victoria heard of the place . 
 weisffeld ? 
 yes . 
 victoria was 100 % sure she got it right and as clear as crystal . 
 weisffeld . 
 the white wirth 's place . 
 why there ? 
 it 's too dangerous . 
 victoria did n't know the real thing that happened at weisffeld after the war . 
 all she depended on was the story she heard from her mother , theresa , and the images she saw from her father 's memories . 
 carmel made sense except for the fact that they would n't be dealing with zombies but wirths . 
 why did victoria 's father leave ? 
 does it have something to do with this ? 
 victoria would be all alone with bunch of humans who will be eaten alive with those monstrous creatures in case the black wirths were there . 
 okay then , i am like them but i do n't eat humans . 
 what am i gon na do ? 
 victoria grabbed her phone . 
 hey , dad . 
 it 's me again , victoria . 
 please call me back . 
 something big is happening . 
 the whole class will go for a medical mission and guess where , weisffeld . 
 call me and ... . 
 and save us . 
 bye . 
 does it even make sense ? 
 victoria kept on calling a person who did n't even exist in her human world . 
 nobody in that place knew him . 
 what happened to him ? 
 how can victoria save the lives of her friends ? 
 if those wirths want me , then they can just grab me and kill me there . 
 why would they drag these innocent people around me and kill them one by one in front of me ? 
 or ... what if it 's not really a place of wirth ? 
 uggggghhhhh ... i do n't know what to think anymore . 
 i need peace . 
 `` miss ... . 
 lockhart ? 
 are you okay ? '' 
 victoria heard mr. de vera 's voice behind her . 
 she turned around to face him . 
 `` it 's you again ? 
 and do you have any lines aside from ` are you okay ' speech ? '' 
 victoria was so pissed with what she just found out about the medical mission and mr. de vera 's the only person who dared to approach her after being shocked . 
 so , as a reward , she was letting out being pissed off inside her on him . 
 `` that 's rude . '' 
 `` i am rude . '' 
 victoria was trying to be mean because if she will act gently , people might misunderstood it and take advantage of her . 
 that was always what she had put in her mind . 
 she just passed by her new professor and looked for their dean , cresyl lim . 
 she was a small woman on her 50 's who has a short white hair and an eyeglasses . 
 ms. lim stood up her seat and walked towards victoria . 
 `` yes , miss lockhart ? '' 
 `` can we ... can we do the medical mission on other place instead ? '' 
 `` and why would we do that ? '' 
 `` b-because we have to . '' 
 `` is this one of your perky games again ? '' 
 `` no . 
 it 's a saving-your-life game . '' 
 victoria said frankly . 
 she sounded crazy when she said that and she honestly realized it after seeing the reactions of the dean , the new professor and other staffs who heard her . 
 `` saving-your-life game . '' 
 ms. lim repeated as she looked down and analyzed what victoria just said . 
 `` we have lots of lives to save on that community . 
 they need our medical knowledge to help their medical needs . 
 what are you talking about ? '' 
 victoria chuckled and said . 
 `` yeah , right ! '' 
 she rolled her eyes and continued . 
 `` you 're saving thousands of lives in that place and you 're going to risk yours . 
 that 's ... pretty dramatic . '' 
 victoria just wanted to do the right thing , but if achieving the right thing would be that hard , it 'll be a different way of treating the people involved already . 
 `` watch your words ms. lockhart . 
 we are aware that you 're not into socializing with other people but if you do n't want to come , it would n't be our loss . 
 you can do something else to cope up your absence -- '' victoria retreated after she heard ms lim . 
 she tried to command the dean 's thoughts to agree with her but it did n't take effect . 
 she thought her ability was lost after fighting mr. corn before . 
 probably that was the reason why she can not command ms. lim 's thoughts anymore . 
 she never let ms. lim finish her sentence . 
 she headed out of the office and went directly to her car complaining about things happening . 
 of course , who would believe me ? 
 they do n't even know there are creatures called wirth . 
 i wo n't come with them . 
 let them kill themselves . 
 victoria kept on kicking the brakes . 
 she was so pissed off and she wanted to crash the car she was in into pieces and just let herself die . 
 chapter twenty-one `` hey . '' 
 carmel opened their front door . 
 victoria had been outside carmel 's house for almost 30 minutes already without even knocking . 
 carmel was supposed to dispose their garbage when she saw victoria sitting outside the stairs . 
 `` are you okay ? 
 it 's already late . 
 what are you doing here ? 
 it 's cold outside . 
 come in . '' 
 carmel put their garbage beside the stairs and held victoria up to let held her in . 
 her hair was filled with snowflakes already which made carmel realized she has been outside for a longer time . 
 `` good evening mr. and mrs. goldberg . '' 
 victoria greeted carmel 's mom and dad . 
 `` what brings you here ms. lockhart ? '' 
 they asked as victoria sat down . 
 carmel gave her a cup of tea to warm her but victoria just put it on the table . 
 she never liked hot drinks but she still took a sip and put the tea down . 
 `` i just want to ask carmel if it would be possible if she will not come tomorrow for the medical mission . 
 it 's not a request mrs. goldberg but a demand . '' 
 `` victoria ! 
 what are you talking about ? '' 
 carmel interrupted . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i-if only i can tell you . 
 just ... . 
 please , do n't come . '' 
 `` is this what kind of friend you have amel ? '' 
 mrs. goldberg looked intensely to carmel . 
 victoria never heard how they use to call carmel inside their home . 
 amel . 
 `` i-i 'm sorry . 
 i-i will leave now then . 
 have a good night . '' 
 `` are you out of your mind ? '' 
 carmel walked victoria out their front door . 
 `` i wish i am . '' 
 victoria said shortly and headed out to her car after she kissed her friend on the cheeks . 
 victoria was so confused and bothered that she did n't know what she was doing anymore . 
 she could just stay away , hide and save her own life . 
 when she got home , she immediately took a glass of water to relieve her stress and stayed up all night thinking what would be the right thing to do . 
 6:35 in the morning but she was still sitting on her couch with the glass of water she has been holding since last night , not moving any single part of her body . 
 she finally got up and went in her room , took a bath and left her house . 
 skirrow 's medical school : `` we thought you 're not coming ? '' 
 genie asked as she saw victoria walking towards them `` she went to our house last night to convince me not to come and now here she is . '' 
 carmel smiled . 
 `` i do n't wan na miss this scene . '' 
 victoria tried to smile nicely . 
 she decided to come to see what would happen and why of all places on earth they chose to be on weisffeld . 
 `` shall we ladies ? '' 
 mr. de vera said telling everybody to get into the bus . 
 victoria sat with ran and kim . 
 she have n't slept last night . 
 she felt excited and terrified at the same time . 
 she could n't wait to see what kind of place weisffeld is . 
 she decided to let things just happen as how they would be . 
 `` mr. de vera , how long is the trip to hell ? 
 i mean ... to weisffeld ? '' 
 victoria asked . 
 `` there is six more hours ms. lockhart . '' 
 `` that long ? 
 the place sucks and now the trip sucks . 
 awesome ! '' 
 victoria kept on complaining the moment she got in the bus . 
 her friends just pretended not to hear her . 
 honestly , she never liked to travel and sit for hours during a trip . 
 that was also one of her complaints . 
 she tried to sleep for a while to rest her mind from over-thinking things . 
 after few hours , victoria found herself in a dark forest with wirths wearing a long black coat while victoria was wearing a white dress full of blood . 
 she was running away from them , trying to save her life . 
 she cried out loud for her father to help her but she just saw him laughing with the black wirths . 
 his face was filled with blood too . 
 `` daddy , help me ! '' 
 she screamed out loud until her vocal cords gone out roughly . 
 she tasted the blood in her mouth . 
 a dead body of thayer appeared in front of her . 
 victoria screamed in horror . 
 her tears mixed with the blood on her face . 
 she tried to run away and as she reached the other end of the forest , she saw theresa with her sister , brother and niece lying on the ground . 
 their bodies filed with blood . 
 black wirths were cutting their bodies in pieces , sharing the taste of their blood as they ripped each body part . 
 victoria stood in horror , about to lose her breath as she felt a touch on her face . 
 `` victoria , we 're here ! '' 
 victoria heard kim waking her up as she grasped for some air with the nightmare she just had . 
 she looked around and she saw everyone getting off the bus . 
 the place looked so normal . 
 the people welcomed them with sweet and lovely smiles . 
 they 're humans ? 
 victoria wondered inside her . 
 she remembered theresa telling her that white wirths already learned to live with humans but having humans in the white kingdom was another story she never really knew . 
 it was different with what she saw in her father 's mind . 
 it looked almost the same with bewilder , the trees , streets , houses and flowers , except there were less snow . 
 victoria felt eased with the environment . 
 she could feel that everyone would be safe in that place with other humans . 
 she walked with her friends carrying their bags and other medical supplies for the people . 
 she also saw their dean , ms. lim , shaking hands with a guy . 
 he 's probably the head of the community . 
 victoria examined his entire being . 
 his pale white , young and fresh skin , pink lips , adorable eyes , and a candle-like hand seemed so perfect . 
 he looked at victoria and smiled . 
 likewise , she did n't smile back . 
 instead , she looked away trying to avoid whatever he has in mind . 
 he 's neither a wirth nor a human . 
 victoria tried to hear his thoughts but she still could n't get anything . 
 she felt hopeless of getting her abilities back . 
 she could n't even sense any presence of wirths around . 
 since they left bewilder , she could n't hear her friends or classmate 's thoughts . 
 another set of bus came . 
 they 're from fortress school of medicine . 
 they have their banner in front of the bus . 
 lots of girls were wearing their medical uniform , white with logos on their left chest side . 
 victoria walked towards the crowd of people who welcomed them and faked a smile . 
 she heard her classmates and some of her friends giggle as the students from the other university approached them . 
 she was shocked and turned into a statue when she heard genie screamed . 
 `` thayer issamar bauer ! '' 
 victoria looked back immediately to know if she heard it right and then she saw her classmates running towards him , missing him so much . 
 she looked at him carefully examining his whole body whether he changed into a wirth or not , or if he 's still normal or not . 
 the absolute feeling of unexpectedly seeing him made her feel happy . 
 she was blankly staring at him when she barely noticed kim looking at her , wondering why she was smiling by herself . 
 `` uhhhh . 
 excuse me ? 
 are you ... . 
 seriously staring at thayer ? 
 do n't you hate him ? 
 or ... . 
 you seriously miss him ? '' 
 kim and carmel laughed as they teased victoria who was unknowingly smiling . 
 `` are you sick ? '' 
 genie tapped her forehead . 
 victoria did n't know what to say . 
 she just stood there , trying to stop herself from smiling . 
 `` oh god victoria ! 
 it 's okay if you do n't answer that . 
 how insensitive of me . 
 i 'm so sorry . 
 i should have minded my own business . '' 
 they laughed at her again but she just ignored them . 
 they 're so incurable and she often disliked them for that . 
 they wanted to know everything and she found something slightly hysterical about them . 
 she 's becoming unsure how they became her friends but she was sure they always notice the things that normal people do n't . 
 there are also instances that they would just look and smile at each other and they would already know what would that mean . 
 thayer issamar bauer noticed victoria 's presence . 
 he looked at her and stopped smiling . 
 he looked behind him to reassure if victoria was seriously staring at him . 
 she just let out a sweet smile which made thayer point to himself to ask her if she was referring to him . 
 `` whoa . 
 i think victoria 's sick . 
 could you please call the paramedics ? '' 
 kim joked as she looked back and forth at victoria and thayer who seemed talking from afar . 
 without knowing , victoria walked towards him and embraced him all of a sudden as she closed her eyes . 
 she remembered loosing her father for the second time and not having any communication with her mom which made her feel so lonely and scared . 
 now , thayer 's presence made her feel that she was not alone . 
 victoria realized he was now in front of her and she was already looking at him , and embracing him . 
 `` hey lady . 
 take it easy . 
 is anything wrong ? '' 
 he asked out of surprise . 
 victoria did n't let him go though she was aware that everybody were wondering why she just did that . 
 she could already hear a lot of noises . 
 the voices coming out from different people , talking at the same time . 
 it was so loud that she thought she 's going to break her eardrums . 
 she could also hear ms. lim with that man she was with , talking on the other end of the place . 
 victoria then realized that she could hear people 's thoughts again . 
 she paused for a moment and looked at thayer . 
 `` you are so beautiful . '' 
 victoria touched his face . 
 he was so flawless . 
 she was so mesmerized with his beautiful face that she could n't even hide it for herself . 
 if mr. de vera was an angel fallen from heaven , thayer 's charm was doubled , no , it maybe was tripled or probably hundred times greater than mr. de vera 's charm . 
 thayer issamar bauer was the finest person victoria ever knew her entire life . 
 she always hid it and she thought , what she felt for him before did n't really exist . 
 she just knew it does when sadness occurred that moment he left , and she knew , she was so happy right now , on that very moment as if he always had managed victoria 's life . 
 `` i 'm so glad you 're alive . '' 
 victoria whispered to him . 
 `` hey , victoria . 
 you better let me go before my girlfriend kill me and by then , i would no longer be alive . '' 
 girlfriend ? 
 victoria repeated in her mind . 
 he has a girlfriend ? 
 she slowly let him go and looked behind him . 
 victoria saw a girl in her white suit staring at them madly . 
 she looked at her and raised her eye brow as a sign of disappointment . 
 victoria recognized her face . 
 she was the girl in the photograph in thayer 's house . 
 `` take it easy . '' 
 bauer looked at her without knowing if he would smile or not . 
 he called his girlfriend and introduced her to victoria . 
 `` victoria , meet veronica , my girlfriend . '' 
 `` hi . 
 i 'm veronica willis . '' 
 she faked a smile to victoria and offered her a hand . 
 victoria just looked at it , ignored her presence then looked back at thayer . 
 `` i do n't do shake hands . 
 i 'll see you around bauer . '' 
 victoria felt her dirty mouth smiling . 
 she left thayer with his girlfriend and walked towards her friends . 
 `` what was that ? 
 why did you hug thayer ? '' 
 kim was so curious with what victoria just did that she could n't even stop her mouth from asking . 
 likewise , victoria disregarded her questions and continued to arrange their things . 
 she helped setting the tent they will be staying for the night . 
 the scene was like having a high school camp . 
 victoria saw the other students from fortress medical school outside the window talking and laughing . 
 she also saw thayer with his girlfriend holding him in his waist . 
 she just rolled her eyes and closed the curtains of her window . 
 are you jealous ? 
 victoria 's thought asked . 
 no , i 'm not ! 
 her thought answered back . 
 why would i be jealous anyway ? 
 then are you insecure ? 
 she asked herself again . 
 why would i be ? 
 i am obviously prettier than her . 
 victoria knew there was no place for her disappointments and jealousy . 
 all she could do was to brush it away with a deep sigh . 
 wait a minute . 
 bauer acted normally . 
 did he forget what i did to him ? 
 that time i saw him in his house , he was so mad at me . 
 he was mad because i kissed him . 
 he took me to the airport but he was still mad that he barely looked and talked to me . 
 victoria whispered . 
 did he have amnesia to forget all what happened ? 
 or ... was he just pretending not to remember them ? 
 victoria also noticed she suddenly gain her abilities when she was with thayer . 
 she remembered theresa telling her to protect him . 
 she also remembered the blood inside thayer 's house . 
 when she hugged him , she could n't hear anything from him . 
 he was plainly boring as she would say . 
 of all places , why did they have to meet at weisffeld ? 
 was it some kind of a trap for the both of them ? 
 maybe not , but why were they sent there ? 
 i have to talk to him . 
 i have to ask him . 
 there must be something going on . 
 chapter twenty-two dinner 's done . 
 victoria walked in their tent and took the book she brought , `` game of thrones by george rr martin '' . 
 she would be be sleeping with her friends . 
 it would be hard for her to sleep having them around , for they 'll surely talk about lots of stuff . 
 genie and carmel wanted to share in one airbed together . 
 tomorrow 's going to be heavy and busy day for the medical mission . 
 victoria could n't sleep due to too much murmuring she heard from her friends plus the over-ruling thoughts and worries she had inside . 
 she decided to take a walk outside to breathe some air . 
 she suddenly saw thayer with his girlfriend sitting on a big rock . 
 they were looking at the constellations in the sky . 
 how sweet . 
 victoria thought bitterly . 
 `` hey , look who 's here . '' 
 veronica smiled . 
 she held firmly thayer 's hands . 
 `` lockhart . '' 
 thayer greeted her with a smile . 
 `` got lost ? '' 
 veronica chuckled and managed to make a smirk . 
 victoria just ignored them and continued to walk straight to the nearby forest . 
 she then paused and walked back towards where thayer and his girlfriend was . 
 `` bauer , we need to talk . '' 
 `` why do you keep on calling him bauer ? 
 he has a name . '' 
 veronica interrupted . 
 `` w-why ? '' 
 he managed to ask . 
 `` you know why . '' 
 victoria just told him shortly . 
 she suddenly grabbed his hands even though veronica was still holding his other hand so tight . 
 she pulled thayer hard enough which made his girlfriend let him go . 
 `` just a minute babe . '' 
 thayer told veronica . 
 babe ? 
 victoria thought . 
 `` what is it about , lockhart ? '' 
 they both stopped near the woods and she simply stared at him blankly . 
 she was trying to hear something in him but sadly , she could n't . 
 he refused to let her hear him . 
 she could feel it . 
 he probably has an ability to manipulate something to do it . 
 `` hello ? 
 are you just going to stare at me the whole night ? '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 victoria asked . 
 `` happened ? 
 why ? 
 what would have happened ? '' 
 `` stop playing games on me bauer ! 
 you know what happened . 
 where have you been ? 
 i 've worried about you a lot . 
 you left and never showed up . 
 why did you leave ? 
 now you 'll come back in my life with a girlfriend calling you babe ? '' 
 victoria chuckled . 
 did i just say that ? 
 victoria closed her eyes regretting what she said . 
 `` whoa ... . 
 take it easy lockhart . 
 w-wait . . 
 are you jealous because i have a girlfriend calling me babe ? '' 
 he teased . 
 `` n-no ! '' 
 `` lies . 
 you 've just said it . '' 
 he said and smiled . 
 he walked towards victoria and moved his face centimeters away from victoria . 
 `` tell me . '' 
 victoria said . 
 `` tell you what ? '' 
 thayer asked with his voice low . 
 victoria could smell his breath . 
 he was too close that she could n't even manage to move because of the giant tree behind her . 
 or maybe , she was just blaming the giant tree although the real reason why she could n't move was because she got stiffed right exactly on the spot where she was standing for the very moment . 
 `` t-the truth of w-what h-happened to y-you . '' 
 she stuttered as he moved closer to her . 
 it made her swallow . 
 she tried to step back but she just fell down the roots of the giant tree . 
 she forced herself to stand up but her feet were shivering and her heart was pounding . 
 she did n't know why but she could no longer stare at him . 
 just then , her mind picked over and over one tiny memory . 
 the memory was where it all began . 
 she remembered what happened in thayer 's house right after victoria turned into a wirth . 
 she remembered kissing him . 
 she remembered his fine and serious face as he drove her to the airport . 
 she remembered his scared face . 
 right now , staring at him was an awkward move . 
 she could n't breathe whenever he moved closer . 
 she could n't believe that the person she has been worrying for a long time was in front of her . 
 she could tell that he was smiling . 
 she could feel it in her neck , in front of her face . 
 she could feel his wicked smile curling all the way around her body , slowly invading her . 
 stop smiling ! 
 victoria wanted to tell him . 
 she just closed her eyes trying to resist his smell . 
 when he came closer again , she seriously wanted to break down and just let his smell stay in her senses as long as she could . 
 `` the truth is ... . '' 
 `` is what ? '' 
 victoria asked bravely trying to hide the excitement of longing to embrace him into her arms . 
 `` lockhart , we ca n't talk about it here . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` you know what i mean . '' 
 `` i ca n't even hear your thoughts . 
 how would i know ? '' 
 `` i ca n't hear yours either . '' 
 he said as he offered his hand to help her up . 
 `` interesting . 
 so you know ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 so if you please , cut it out now . 
 in case your thought ca n't here someone 's thought is out there too . '' 
 he whispered . 
 victoria looked around and she saw a silhouette . 
 she looked at thayer 's eyes as a warning . 
 it must be a spy or a wirth . 
 she missed it . 
 she thought she was strong but she was not able to notice someone was out there . 
 `` i saw a silhouette . '' 
 she whispered . 
 he held victoria 's waist and it made her feel uncomfortable . 
 she took his hands off her waist and he just gave her a smile . 
 `` just a silhouette ? 
 do n't tell me you ca n't feel that ? '' 
 `` feel what ? 
 aside from the humans out there , i ca n't feel anybody out there more . 
 is there any wirth out the woods ? 
 the silhouette i saw might just be some shadow of one of those trees . '' 
 `` actually , i 'm just mocking you . 
 it 's just the two of us here '' he smiled and moved at victoria closer than before . 
 `` w-what do you mean ? '' 
 `` i mean ... this . '' 
 he kissed victoria gently . 
 she loved the concept , the differences and the contrasts of her own life directed by her . 
 she did not oppose on what he just did . 
 the unpleasant moment of longing for each other suddenly disappeared when they heard footsteps coming behind them . 
 victoria was so sure it was from veronica willis , thayer 's girlfriend . 
 she disliked her for ruining the little mess of happiness she had with thaye . 
 `` we have to go . '' 
 victoria told thayer . 
 `` what if ... . 
 we escape into the woods ? '' 
 `` it 'll be too dangerous . '' 
 `` but it 'll be more dangerous if she finds us together ... . 
 here . 
 right ? '' 
 he smiled wider than before . 
 he was teasing her . 
 `` get out of my face bauer . '' 
 she pushed him hard enough . 
 `` why are you blushing then ? '' 
 `` thay ? 
 are you there ? 
 it 's me veronica . 
 hello ??? '' `` there 's your babe . '' 
 victoria whispered and about to head out . 
 `` she was my girlfriend since middle school . '' 
 `` i did not ask . '' 
 victoria chuckled . 
 `` i knew it ! 
 you are jealous . '' 
 he laughed quietly . 
 `` hell no . 
 i 'm just annoyed . 
 i hate being annoyed and at this very moment , you are annoying me . '' 
 `` oh really ? 
 the kiss showed you were not . '' 
 `` now , you are annoying me again . '' 
 `` fine , let 's go then . '' 
 thayer retreated and held her hands . 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` into the woods . '' 
 he carried her in his arms and ran into the woods . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 she screamed . 
 `` let go of me . 
 we 're not even sure we are safe here . '' 
 `` let 's find out . 
 just trust me as how i trusted you when i risked my own human life just for your own . '' 
 `` now it 's a payback ? 
 do you even have any single idea what kind of place this is ? '' 
 `` i bet i do lockhart . '' 
 `` i bet you do n't . 
 it 'll be dangerous for my life , my family and ... yours . '' 
 `` wow . 
 so now you 're protecting me ? 
 nice . '' 
 `` it 's not a joke bauer . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i 'm just ... amazed . 
 you 're mine . '' 
 `` i 'm never yours . 
 what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` you 're making me laugh lockhart . 
 why do you keep on denying things when it 's all too obvious ? '' 
 `` funny . 
 now tell me , where exactly are we going ? '' 
 `` in fact , we have just arrived in our destination , my lady . '' 
 thayer said as he put victoria down . 
 `` i never thought a skinny woman like you would weigh like that . 
 my back hurts . '' 
 he joked as he stretched his back . 
 victoria ignored him and looked at the house and the man standing outside . 
 he looked around from time to time as if someone might be watching . 
 he smiled at victoria . 
 she started to recognize his face . 
 he 's the leader of the community who was talking with ms. lim this morning . 
 `` hurry . 
 get inside . '' 
 he held victoria and accompanied them inside the house . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 she asked him . 
 `` look at me . '' 
 he smiled and victoria saw his right eye turned its color like hers , while the left one into some kind of an orange-red with blue-green on its margin . 
 it was the first time victoria ever seen a color of an eye like that . 
 thayer and victoria have the same eye color . 
 `` okay ? 
 so , aside from having a different color on each of your eyes , what else should i see ? '' 
 victoria asked wondering what he 's up to . 
 `` seriously , victoria ? '' 
 thayer and the guy both looked at each other . 
 `` what ? '' 
 victoria was confused . 
 she did n't know what they 're talking about . 
 `` first , you were n't able to hear when we were in the woods that benedict was there . 
 and now , you ca n't see things in his eyes ? 
 fascinating . 
 you 're an ultra mega useless wirth ! '' 
 thayer exclaimed . 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 you mean ... . 
 when you told me there might be someone else into the woods , there really was someone and it 's him ? '' 
 she paused and looked on the floor . 
 `` exactly . 
 we were n't alone . 
 he was watching us and he told me by his thought that we should follow him here . 
 i never thought you would never hear that one . 
 hey , ben , can you hear her thought ? '' 
 `` no . 
 not a thing from you or her . 
 i know you can hear mine so i just made the deal of speaking out on my thought when we were in the woods . '' 
 `` okay okay . 
 wait . 
 just in case you guys are interested on explaining things to me ? 
 h-how did you know each other ? 
 who are you ... b-ben ? 
 w-why are we here in weisffeld ? 
 and you , bauer , what happened to you ? 
 why did you disappear ? 
 and why are you here now ? '' 
 questions were haunting victoria which made her really confused of what 's happening . 
 now , she managed to ask them . 
 `` cousin , relax . '' 
 ben smiled . 
 `` cousin ? '' 
 victoria asked with her voice raised . 
 `` yeah , we are cousins . 
 by the way , i am benedict lockhart . 
 my father is your father 's brother . 
 my father 's dead , so is my mom . 
 i have a sister named claudia becker and she 's ... . . '' 
 `` she 's ? '' 
 victoria repeated . 
 `` she 's captured and imprisoned in euronymph . '' 
 `` euronymph ? 
 what the hell is that ? '' 
 `` that 's where the king of black wirths punish their prisoners . 
 you know the king is our great grandfather , right ? '' 
 he paused and looked at victoria . 
 `` i do . 
 let me guess , the one who killed your parents are the black wirths ? '' 
 `` they killed just my father . 
 my mother died a month ago in sickness after my sister got captured while hunting near psaille lake . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 victoria said . 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 benedict smiled and continued . 
 `` we both know our fathers were both born with the mixture of black and white wirth 's blood and our grandmother , queen tatiana was the only heir of vosckunouvich valdovski . '' 
 benedict stopped when victoria cut him out . 
 `` vosckuno ... what ? '' 
 `` vosckunouvich valdovski . '' 
 benedict corrected . 
 `` and who is he ? '' 
 thayer asked . 
 `` is he tatiana 's father ? '' 
 victoria guessed . 
 `` yes . 
 our great grandfather . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 thayer said . 
 `` and you were saying ? '' 
 victoria asked benedict to continue what he was saying when she interrupted him . 
 `` there , when tatiana escaped from black kingdom , she married king daniel lockhart , our grandfather . 
 they had 3 children , your father , matthew ; my father , jimmy and our aunt rebecca . 
 the reason why i have different color of eyes is because my mother , emily , was not a royal blood . 
 she was a slave in black kingdom who met my father during the war . 
 have you ever heard about it ? '' 
 `` which one ? '' 
 victoria asked . 
 thayer just listened to victoria and benedict as they started with the history of their bloodline . 
 `` the war when you were about to be introduced to the whole kingdom as the first human hybrid and the day black wirths came to attack us . 
 late king earrone , father of king daniel , fought vosckunouvich and his right hand , villionere baltemint , bravely . 
 he wanted to protect you . 
 you wan na know how late king earrone and vosckunouvich fought ? '' 
 `` yes please . '' 
 victoria said excitingly . 
 `` king vosckunouvich had one of the most powerful abilities in the entire kingdom compared to king earrone . 
 he killed his enemies by simply standing , crossing his right index finger with his left little finger . 
 that was for his defense . 
 his attacks were unique . 
 all white knights who approached to kill him bleed their eyes to death . 
 blood came out of their eyes whenever king vosckunouvich stare at them , deeply inside their eyes . 
 and the moment he crossed his fingers , giant fire was made . 
 it was his way of defense since white wirths were ice-protected while black wirths were fire-protected . 
 he protected his soldiers against white knights by making that giant fire at white kingdom . 
 however , it was contradicted by king earrone 's abilities . 
 he fought with water , wind and earth to defend the kingdom . 
 king earrone made an ice-filled shield for the kingdom which will never be broken by any flames . 
 his braveness , of all wirths , inspired all his knights to protect the kingdom . 
 and while the two kings were busy fighting for the war , villionere baltemint made his own move . 
 he secretly entered the passage towards white kingdom where he found both of our fathers , protecting queen namira lockhart , late king earrones wife . 
 queen namira does n't have any abilities in fighting for she was a queen of love who does n't want war but peace and love to both kingdoms . 
 like tatiana 's mother , queen laviagna , they both want peace . 
 she could only defend herself by producing undesirable scent which could poison enemies whenever they smell it . 
 however , villionere just laughed at it . 
 he could resist it with his own abilities . 
 he had with him his self-produced beasts , fighting the knights protecting the royal family . 
 your father , '' benedict paused and smiled . 
 `` your father , matthew , killed some of vilionere 's beasts and soldiers by slowly paralyzing them . 
 he also suffocated them until they lose their breath and died . 
 he tried to defend queen namira by joining his power with my father , jimmy . 
 my father can easily move into places . 
 he 's one of the fastest wirth in the kingdom . 
 his strength in destroying enemies also helped . 
 villionere lost his left eye when my father did a camouflage and held him tight . 
 your father , at the same time , produced the brightest spark of light never seen in the entire kingdom before . 
 by then , my father took villionere 's eyes and crushed it into pieces but it was n't yet the end of the finest killer 's life . '' 
 benedict took a glass of water and continued his story . 
 `` king vosckunouvich came with the rest of his soldiers marching inside the white kingdom with king earrone 's head . 
 he threw it to queen namira 's feet which made her scream and cry in pain . 
 for the first time in her life , she lost her power of love . 
 she felt hatred and anger . 
 she ran towards king vosckunouvich to kill him but the black king just stood there , letting queen namira 's eyes bleed out while screaming in pain . 
 uncle matthew and my father were not strong enough to help the queen . 
 they stood there with their abilities becoming weak as the black soldiers held them , and stabbed them with a dagger on their chest . 
 it made both of them lose their consciousness but before they blacked out , they knew queen namira died in the hands of king vusckunouvich . 
 the scar made by the stab on their chest will forever remain . 
 both our fathers woke up chained and imprisoned in euronymph separately . 
 that was where my father met my mother , emily , a slave who used to bring food for him in his cell . 
 that 's how my parents met . 
 my father fell in love with the kindness my mother has given him . 
 they made my sister claudia inside his cell . 
 after a couple of months , my mom gave birth to my sister secretly . 
 she hid her in their small house and my mom always pitied my father being imprisoned for a long time . 
 emily continued to serve king vosckunouvich 's and bring food to my father . 
 by then , they made me . '' 
 benedict chuckle . 
 victoria smiled and looked at thayer . 
 `` my mom was carrying me in her womb for 3 months already when king vosckunouvich decided to take off his head . 
 they killed him with emily watching on the crowd , crying . 
 she hid herself and made sure nobody will ever know she had given birth to jimmy lockhart 's first child and still carrying the second one . 
 she never wanted to have both me and my sister get killed . 
 she wanted us to live . '' 
 benedict almost got teary , recalling the past . 
 `` how did you know each and every detail of these , ben ? '' 
 victoria wondered . 
 `` my mother told me . 
 she came in white kingdom with the new king , king daniel and queen tatiana . 
 they rescued your father , matthew , but it was too late for my father . 
 they brought him back , dead . 
 tatiana made a deal with king vosckunouvich . '' 
 benedict stopped . 
 `` what deal ? '' 
 victoria asked . 
 benedict looked at thayer . 
 he already told the story to thayer few weeks ago when he went to arizona to ask him to come back and protect victoria for the safety of the both of them . 
 victoria will only be able to regain and strengthen her abilities if she will work it out with thayer . 
 `` what ? '' 
 victoria wondered . 
 `` you . '' 
 benedict said . 
 `` me ? 
 how ? '' 
 `` king vosckunovich wanted you dead in exchange of your father 's life . 
 your father was the eldest child of king daniel and queen tatiana . 
 he is the heir and future protector of the kingdom . '' 
 victoria was shocked with what benedict told her . 
 she knew her father was alive and so is she . 
 `` for vosckunouvich , you are a great threat for you are the only wirth with mixture of all blood . 
 you have the black and white wirth 's blood , and what matters most is your human blood which made you a very powerful wirth . '' 
 `` but ... i ca n't even hear your thoughts . 
 i could only hear thoughts of humans but not with wirths . 
 i used to be more powerful before but when i fought my father , everything was gone . '' 
 `` you met your father ? '' 
 benedict wondered . 
 `` yes . 
 he came in bewilder . '' 
 benedict paused and tried to analyze some things . 
 `` my father 's alive , so am i. '' `` exactly . 
 that 's why king vosckunovich should n't find out you are still alive . 
 queen tatiana will never let you die . 
 you are going to be the savior of the entire kingdom . 
 even the king and it 's children could n't defeat the black wirths . 
 they have the most powerful abilities compared to the white wirths . 
 it was too obvious . 
 white wirths have lame abilities just like king earrone 's . 
 he could never defeat a powerful power king vosckunovich possess just by having those flying creatures attack the enemies . '' 
 benedict and thayer laughed slightly . 
 `` the kingdom will protect you victoria . '' 
 `` why did aunt rebecca tell my mom that my father is dead ? '' 
 `` she did n't know . 
 she never knew anything . '' 
 benedict said . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 thayer wondered as he sat beside victoria and put his arms on her shoulders . 
 `` she was with king daniel and princesses candace and kierry lockhart . '' 
 `` princesses ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 princess candace lockhart is the second child of late king earonne and queen namira . 
 i have heard she was a good friend of your mother . '' 
 `` and who was the other princess ? '' 
 victoria asked . 
 `` princess kierry lockhart . 
 she 's the youngest . 
 she 's just a child , a 12 year-old child . 
 she has been 12 years old for years now . 
 she stayed in that age and never grows old . '' 
 `` wow . 
 is that her ability ? '' 
 thayer wondered . 
 `` yes . 
 i do n't know what else she could do . '' 
 `` where are they now ? 
 princess candace and kierry , and aunt rebecca ? '' 
 `` princess candace left the kingdom and hid with her husband . 
 no one knows where . 
 and for princess kierry , all i know is that she 's in the white kingdom with king daniel and queen tatiana . '' 
 `` and aunt rebecca ? '' 
 `` she left as well . 
 we never heard anything from her after the war . 
 she left after hearing my father died . 
 she thought uncle matthew , your father , also died . 
 one of her abilities was to see the spirits . 
 she said she saw your father and my father , both dead . 
 she was so scared and depressed that was why she left . 
 i 've also heard a story that aunt rebecca left because the child queen tatiana and king daniel gave in exchange of your father 's life was hers . 
 the king and queen gave king vusckonovich a different child . '' 
 long silence covered the house . 
 victoria stopped breathing for a moment , feeling guilty of having a different child be killed instead of her . 
 `` why are we here ? '' 
 victoria managed to ask . 
 `` to save his sister . '' 
 thayer told victoria . 
 `` why do we have to grab all these people with us ? '' 
 victoria felt confused of why her friends and classmates needed to be there in weissfeld . 
 `` in case you do n't know cousin , black wirths are scared of humans . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 victoria was so surprised . 
 `` i thought they kill humans ? '' 
 `` who told you that ? '' 
 benedict looked at victoria . 
 `` my mother . '' 
 `` no . 
 black wirths will never kill humans . 
 their abilities do n't take effect to humans , only with white wirths . 
 that 's why both white and black wirths live in a contrast world . 
 white wirths can manipulate humans but could n't kill black wirths . 
 you know what i 'm saying ? '' 
 `` i think i do . '' 
 `` that 's why we need you . 
 you have all the blood . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 queen tatiana will meet you and will talk about it in real time . 
 prepare yourself . 
 you need to discover your abilities . 
 that 's why i looked for thayer to help you because you will be stronger when you have him around you . 
 you have his blood flowing in your veins . 
 he 'll help you . '' 
 his blood . 
 victoria thought to herself . 
 there were lots of fears inside her which made her wanted to brush them away by laughing . 
 thayer 's blood surely was the reason she 's still alive but dragging him in such situation made her guilty . 
 he will risk his own life . 
 if breaking such curse only have a logical alternative way . 
 how could she break the curse she had with thayer ? 
 but was it really a curse ? 
 where did she get those ideas ? 
 victoria took a deep breath and squeezed thayer 's hand which made him look at her . 
 she just smiled trying to hide her worries and fears . 
 `` would n't the black wirths know i am here ? '' 
 `` no . 
 you are safe here in weisffeld . 
 this is just the entrance of white kingdom . 
 humans live here , and as i said , they are scared of humans so no black wirths will ever dare coming here or else they will lose their precious abilities . '' 
 `` i see . '' 
 victoria said , convinced . 
 benedict looked around when he heard a noise outside the house . 
 `` i 'm afraid we have a company . '' 
 thayer said in a low voice as he grabbed victoria to hide . 
 `` do n't be afraid . 
 he 's a good company . '' 
 ben opened the door and victoria almost drop her jaw when she saw the man entering the house . . 
 `` dad ! '' 
 `` viki ! 
 sorry for leaving without telling you anything . 
 i needed to leave . 
 benedict sent me the message after i confessed to you . 
 he told me about claudia . 
 i went to see your mom to make sure they are okay before i go back here in weisffeld . '' 
 matthew hugged victoria . 
 `` y-you came to mom ? '' 
 `` yes and ... '' `` and ?? '' 
 she was eager to hear how her mom was doing . 
 `` the house got abandoned and i have no single idea where they are . '' 
 `` w-what ? '' 
 `` relax honey . 
 they must be safe somewhere . 
 your mom knows what 's best . '' 
 `` dad ? '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` i 'm scared . '' 
 `` do n't be . 
 we 're here . 
 right , thayer ? '' 
 `` yes sir . '' 
 thayer and matthew shook hands . 
 `` y-you both know each other ? '' 
 victoria raised her brows questioning his father . 
 `` the moment you told me about your neophyte , i came all over to arizona to find him . 
 we also met benedict there . '' 
 `` how did you know he was in arizona ? '' 
 `` it is my hometown . '' 
 thayer interrupted . 
 `` i saw it in his yearbook . '' 
 matthew continued . 
 `` okay . 
 okay . '' 
 victoria raised both her arms as a sign of retreat . 
 `` you better take good care of your lover young lady . '' 
 matthew said as he poured tea on his cup . 
 `` just like what mom said except that he 's not my lover , dad . '' 
 `` of course he is . 
 the moment you infected him , it united both of you as one . 
 you should n't go anywhere without him . '' 
 thayer just tease a smile at victoria . 
 `` why ca n't i see anything from ben ? '' 
 victoria asked trying to ignore thayer . 
 `` we do n't know what your abilities yet but you are strong viki . 
 i had fight with you before and i knew you are stronger than i thought you were . '' 
 `` but , after our fight , i 've lose them . '' 
 `` i know . 
 we 'll find a way to know what you have . 
 for now , '' matthew paused and looked outside . 
 `` for now what mr. lockhart ? '' 
 thayer asked . 
 `` for now , go back to your quarters and rest . 
 we 'll talk again tomorrow . '' 
 benedict stood up and opened the door to accompany thayer and victoria out . 
 `` take care of her young man . '' 
 matthew tapped thayer 's back . 
 seeing victoria 's father gave her a stronger hope of winning the battle in her life again . 
 she was no longer alone . 
 she was now with her father , thayer and her newly-met cousin , benedict . 
 knowing the story of ben loosing everyone he love awaken her . 
 she was glad that she still have lots of people around her who care and love her . 
 she should protect them . 
 the confidence she had now gave her the unconditional strength of making all things possible . 
 chapter twenty-three `` the medical mission was canceled . '' 
 victoria woke up when she heard mr. de vera talking outside with the students of skirrow 's medical school . 
 she overslept and her friends were no longer inside the bedroom . 
 she went to the restroom to clean her face before going out . 
 the medical mission was canceled ? 
 she repeated in her thought as she brushed her teeth . 
 she looked blankly on the mirror and wondered what was going on again . 
 `` we 've just arrived yesterday . 
 we have n't even started yet . '' 
 victoria heard carmel 's voice . 
 `` it 's going to be a bad weather as what was informed to us . 
 there will be a big storm coming tonight so we need to leave weisffeld because our tents could n't stand the storm . 
 we never anticipated this will happen since the weather yesterday was so fine . 
 we need to transfer to the city to have a better place to stay . 
 now , please pack your things . 
 we still have a long way trip . '' 
 are you kidding me ? 
 victoria hurriedly jumped out the window and looked for thayer . 
 the sun was out yesterday but as victoria jumped out their tent , the sky outside was so dark . 
 snow flakes started to fall . 
 she continued to search for thayer but she could n't find him outside their tent so she decided to enter without any permission . 
 she saw veronica walking towards her . 
 `` what did you do to thayer ? '' 
 veronica asked . 
 `` what do you mean what did i do to him ? '' 
 victoria wondered but continued to look for thayer . 
 `` you know it well . 
 he broke up with me this morning . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 victoria stopped and looked at veronica in pity . 
 `` do n't give me that look . 
 you are trying to pretend you are nice . '' 
 veronica said , almost about to cry . 
 `` i 'm not trying to pretend and i have never been nice to anyone , ever . '' 
 victoria corrected veronica willis . 
 `` i knew it the moment i set eyes on you . 
 you 're such a vindictive little bitch ! 
 you 're just a piece of slut ! '' 
 `` whoa . 
 take it easy . 
 and yeah , i know that since i was born . 
 my mom gave birth on me and it happened that i came out of her womb naked ! 
 i guess that made me a bitch . 
 how about you ? 
 were you born with veil inside your mom 's womb ? '' 
 victoria was pissed . 
 `` where is he ? 
 god ! '' 
 victoria pushed veronica aside . 
 she does n't have any time for that girl . 
 the students from fortress school of medicine just looked at victoria as she entered their tent . 
 gorgeous . 
 hot . 
 astonishing . 
 victoria heard some of their thoughts but she simply smiled and called out for thayer who was packing his things . 
 `` hey . 
 we need to talk . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` what is happening ? '' 
 victoria asked . 
 `` just pack up your things . 
 we need to leave '' victoria just looked at him angrily . 
 she also saw her cousin benedict outside talking to mr. de vera . 
 she heard him apologizing for the cancellation of the medical mission . 
 benedict told mr. de vera that they will have a safe place to stay to pass the storm . 
 as victoria saw ben looking at her , she suddenly found the right words to tell thayer . 
 `` why am i always the last person to know all these things ? 
 do n't i deserve to know these before i would hear it from other people ??? '' `` the what ? 
 we do n't have any abilities of predicting the storm . '' 
 thayer chuckled . 
 victoria was so annoyed that she wanted to crush thayer 's tent into pieces . 
 instead , she just went to the nearby forest and kick one tree which made it fall . 
 she looked around and saw benedict and thayer laughing . 
 `` wow . 
 that was strong . '' 
 benedict looked at thayer and made a thumbs up sign to victoria . 
 `` i am not going anywhere ben . 
 we need to save claudia and a storm should not stop us.where 's my father ? '' 
 victoria asked angrily . 
 `` calm down . 
 we 'll talk later , just calm down . '' 
 this time , thayer held victoria 's shoulders . 
 they walked and laughed in the middle of the forest . 
 `` how can i calm down ? 
 i want to help and save your sister . 
 she 's the only immediate family you have . 
 her life 's in danger . 
 are n't you terrified she might die in the hands of those black wirths ? '' 
 `` i am but we ca n't risk the life of these humans because of the storm . 
 you know we are not weather forecasters . '' 
 benedict laughed again . 
 victoria looked at him . 
 she hated hearing both guys taking her seriousness as some kind of joke . 
 `` that 's your last laugh . 
 the next time both of you laugh , i 'll rip your hearts in pieces . '' 
 she threatened and kick another huge tree until it fall . 
 benedict and thayer 's laughter once again echoed in the entire forest . 
 victoria just screamed , annoyed . 
 the three of them headed to benedict 's house to meet matthew . 
 the three ran into the forest and bet who will arrive first . 
 but since benedict got his ability of being fast from his father , jimmy , he left thayer and victoria behind . 
 thayer and victoria tried to beat each other if who will arrive first but as they pass by the large trees around them , they saw two men in black with their faces hidden in a huge hood . 
 `` black wirths . '' 
 victoria whispered to thayer . 
 `` impossible . '' 
 thayer held victoria 's hand so tight . 
 they ran on a different way until the two black men followed them . 
 `` we have to separate . 
 go quickly and call your father . 
 i 'll go distract them . '' 
 `` no . 
 my father said we should stay together . '' 
 `` do n't worry about me . 
 i can take care of myself . 
 run faster and be safe . '' 
 `` promise me you 'll be there in ben 's place immediately . '' 
 `` i promise . '' 
 victoria climbed up a tree and left thayer with the two black men following him . 
 victoria hid up the trees as she jumped on each one of them . 
 another shadow appeared to be following victoria . 
 she felt so scared but she continued to jump off the trees to reach benedict 's house and call for help . 
 a girl black wirth ? 
 victoria figured out . 
 she tried to hear the wirth 's thoughts but she could n't . 
 all she felt from her was a low heart beating . 
 she was faster than victoria 's . 
 she could feel the black wirth reaching her . 
 she screamed in her thought for her father and benedict to help her . 
 she was also unsure if thayer was able to make it alive from those two other black wirths who followed him . 
 she regretted it that she agreed to separate with him . 
 they should have stayed together . 
 she remembered what benedict said last night . 
 they fear humans . 
 they fear you . 
 victoria decided to stop and face the girl black wirth . 
 she held the girl in her hands and smash her down the ground which made a big sound of vibration . 
 the black wirth tried to fight back but victoria threw her on a big tree and as she grabbed her neck to break it , the black wirth took out her hood and screamed . 
 `` do n't victoria . 
 it 's me , carmel ! '' 
 chapter twenty-four `` carmel ! '' 
 victoria walked back with her eyes wide open . 
 carmel smiled wickedly as she stood up and pushed victoria aside . 
 she looked at victoria and ran into the forest . 
 she disappeared together with the darkness on the farther end of the forest . 
 the strong wind started to blow victoria 's hair . 
 she let carmel go . 
 she did n't know why her friend tried to kill her . 
 tears fell from her eyes . 
 `` carmel . '' 
 she said in a weak voice . 
 she broke down the ground and covered her face as she sobbed . 
 she heard footsteps coming but she just ignored it . 
 she felt deceived . 
 she has no idea what was going on or why it was happening . 
 all she knew was that her friend was n't the friend she used to know . 
 she loved her like a sister , but she attempted to kill her . 
 the wicked smile she saw from carmel kept on coming back inside her mind . 
 `` victoria . 
 what happened ? '' 
 victoria heard thayer 's voice . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 benedict held victoria up and asked her sounding so worried . 
 `` viki ? '' 
 matthew brushed victoria 's hair . 
 he saw her face filled with tears . 
 `` what happened honey ? 
 tell me . '' 
 `` carmel . '' 
 victoria was still sobbing . 
 `` what happened to carmel ? '' 
 thayer asked . 
 `` she tried to kill me . '' 
 `` what ? 
 why ? 
 that 's impossible . 
 she 's your friend . '' 
 thayer tried to hush victoria . 
 `` i do n't know why . 
 all i know is that impossible things do happen . '' 
 all of a sudden , memories with carmel in skirrow 's showed inside victoria 's thoughts . 
 the annoying laugh always made by carmel inside their classroom echoed in vivtoria 's memory . 
 it faded together with every moment carmel and their friends went in victoria 's house to spend some time to relax . 
 everything stopped in the picture of that wicked smile carmel gave her before she ran and disappeared in the forest . 
 `` you need to get out of this place victoria . 
 she might have been a spy from black kingdom . '' 
 matthew helped victoria stand up . 
 `` but ... what about you dad ? '' 
 `` i have to tell the king . '' 
 `` what about claudia ? '' 
 thayer asked . 
 `` victoria 's more important . '' 
 benedict said painfully . 
 `` but she is your sister . '' 
 victoria looked at benedict who was losing hope of saving the only member left in his family . 
 `` i know , but your life is more important . 
 leave victoria . 
 run away with thayer . 
 hide . 
 we 'll meet again if things are okay . 
 we know how to find you . '' 
 victoria 's eyes became teary again when she said goodbye to his cousin and father . 
 she was unsure if she 'll meet them alive again . 
 she needed to run away and hide , but this time , she will be with thayer . 
 `` here . 
 take this . '' 
 benedict handed victoria a car key and as she pressed the button , a black volvo came out of the forest . 
 it stopped and the doors opened . 
 `` the storm is coming . 
 it would be safer if you leave as the storm comes . 
 remember we handle cold better , so you should find a safer place while it 's still storming . 
 no black wirths will be around during the storm so leave . '' 
 `` but where are we going ? '' 
 thayer asked matthew . 
 `` away from here maybe ? 
 you have everything you will need inside the car . '' 
 benedict answered in behalf of matthew . 
 `` leave . '' 
 matthew just said . 
 victoria and thayer went inside the car . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 victoria opened the window and told his father who at the same time kissed her on the forehead . 
 thayer waved goodbye to matthew and benedict . 
 he drove out of the forest and followed the main road out of weisffeld , massachussets . 
 victoria looked outside as snow started to fall from the dark sky . 
 she does n't know what to do or where to go . 
 all she knew was that she needed to protect the guy next to her . 
 but how can she protect him if she does n't even know how to protect herself ? 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 victoria said as she touched thayer 's hand . 
 `` no , please . 
 do n't be . '' 
 thayer forced to let out a smile to make victoria feel better . 
 she apologized for dragging him into such mess , for stealing him away from his family , and for risking his own life for her . 
 if only she could bring back the past , she would make sure his life would n't be in danger . 
 if only she could put his life back together again . 
 if only she could predict what their future would bring . 
 if only she could simply be a child again but thinking about it gave her a primitive fear inside her stomach . 
 for a moment , she thought of letting him go somewhere safe , without her . 
 she wanted to cry all the fears away . 
 she thought of the tears that will come out of her eyes would be drops of poison . 
 by then , she might accept that kind of death but no , that would be impossible . 
 thayer looked at victoria . 
 `` lockhart '' he paused . 
 `` hmm ? '' 
 victoria looked back at him and smiled . 
 `` when those two black wirths followed me , i was so scared . 
 i thought i will die at that very moment . 
 but then , your father came and killed them smoothly . 
 benedict also came with him . 
 they broke those two wirths neck and i saw the ground ate them . 
 i felt horrified i did n't know what to do . '' 
 victoria could feel thayer 's voice shaking . 
 she held and rubbed his hands trying to make him feel better . 
 `` that night i took you to the airport , i felt horrible in the same way . '' 
 `` the same way ? '' 
 victoria wondered . 
 `` yes . 
 i was afraid i 'm going to lose you again . 
 i really thought that was the end of my life . '' 
 thayer just smiled and wiped his tears as he looked away trying not to let victoria see it . 
 victoria closed her eyes in pain . 
 `` was it the very first moment you 've realized you fell in love with me ? '' 
 victoria managed to joke trying to break the drama . 
 `` no . 
 what happened when i get back from the airport was too fast . 
 i did n't know what to do . 
 while i was on the road , i 've had this sudden heat burning inside me like a ball of fire was inside my throat . 
 sweats came rushing on my face . 
 i prayed to god that i could have just died than feeling that kind of thing . 
 i went out my car to ease the feeling but it just gone worse . 
 i remembered the moment i saw you in the forest . 
 you took blood from me and i knew the moment you infected me that the same thing was happening . 
 i bit my wrist until blood came out . 
 it tasted so good that i ca n't help but drink my own blood . '' 
 thayer ignored victoria 's joke . 
 `` i cursed you for whatever you have done to me but as i hid somewhere to get over what was happening to me , you kept on haunting me in my dreams . 
 every night , i was having the same dream of having your presence with me . 
 i also remembered that time you kissed me in my house . 
 although i knew you were just making fun of me ... '' he sighed and continued . 
 `` i do n't understand why i felt like current hit me whenever i think of it . '' 
 thayer continued to drive and focused looking on the road . 
 `` i-i 'm sorry . 
 it must have been tough for you . '' 
 `` it was . 
 that moment you pushed me away from your life when i followed you in the parking lot right after you returned from walsh city , i decided to leave instead of staying and letting you know you 've passed your curse on me . 
 i have no single idea what was happening to me until ben and matthew came in arizona . '' 
 victoria did not respond . 
 she did n't know what else to say . 
 she felt guilty . 
 it was her entire fault why he suffered like that . 
 it was never her intention neither to make him fall deeply in love with her nor infect him with her curse . 
 all she wanted to do that moment was to ease her struggles . 
 she may have sounded selfish but that was the truth . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 victoria said after a minute of silence . 
 thayer stopped the car and looked at victoria . 
 it was the very first time he heard those sweet words coming out of her mouth . 
 he smiled . 
 victoria looked at him and wished she had a nerve of kissing him . 
 she feared he might decline it . 
 she also wished that fears inside her would stop for a moment and simply let their mouths shrink . 
 it was like a disease of longing inside her but it remained in her thoughts . 
 she wanted to lie down and give up but thayer kept on giving her reasons to be strong . 
 thayer was speechless with what he heard . 
 he saw victoria locked her eyes to him . 
 `` thayer , i never wanted you to be unhappy . 
 i do n't care if they think i only love you because i have your blood in my veins . 
 all i know is that i have been in love with you even before i discovered i am a monster . '' 
 victoria and thayer smiled as they looked at each other . 
 victoria touched thayer 's face . 
 `` i do n't know when it happened . 
 i do n't know why it happened , or how it happened . 
 all i know is that i love you . 
 i 've never imagined saying this before because i fear you never loved me ... '' victoria was not able to finish her sentence because thayer shut her up by locking their lips . 
 victoria thought it was so rude of him to kiss her in the middle of saying something , but she liked it that way . 
 she felt happy liking and loving it that way . 
 `` is this what you 've pictured out of me being unhappy ? '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` being with you and being a part of you is the happiest thing that ever happened to me . 
 lockhart , my lady , you 're the most gentle , subtle , harsh rude and mean person i 've ever met . 
 you could n't make me unhappy . 
 i could just watch you forever like how i used to watch you all the time . '' 
 thayer whispered to her . 
 she felt sparks around her as he kissed her on the forehead . 
 `` i know leaving my human life behind was n't easy . 
 we 'll fight together . 
 i will protect you as long as i can . '' 
 `` do you love me ? '' 
 victoria asked and teased . 
 `` i would n't kiss you if i do n't . '' 
 `` then tell me . '' 
 she wanted to laugh . 
 she could hear herself being childish . 
 thayer just laughed at it . 
 `` come on . '' 
 victoria teased . 
 `` stop it . '' 
 thayer kept on laughing on victoria being stubborn . 
 `` come on , tell me . '' 
 she also laughed at herself . 
 `` let me tell you this first . '' 
 `` okay ? '' 
 `` that very first day i saw you in class , was the day i told myself i will never fall in love in a girl like you . 
 you always bully our classmates and i hated you doing that . 
 but the more i told myself how hateful you are , the more i started caring about you . 
 i started to know who and what you really are . 
 i thought i do n't love you because you have always been rude and harsh . 
 but those i do n't love you 's that i 've told myself were like paraplegic trying to feel the pinprick on my foot . '' 
 `` okay ? 
 that 's medical . '' 
 she teased . 
 thayer continued to drive and smiled saying i love you at the back of his mind but he never let it out of his mouth . 
 he believed experiencing love had changed everything in both their lives and there 's no need to say it . 
 they just have to express it . 
 he heard people saying i love you like as simple as buying a candy . 
 for him , those words are very precious and it does n't necessarily need to be screamed out loud . 
 as the saying goes , `` actions speak louder than words . '' 
 love was so powerful that it helped both of them forget the problem they were facing for the mean time . 
 they could wish it 'll not be the last pulse of static from their old confused life . 
 as what victoria always heard from her old friend , carmel , there was nothing safer than lying in the arms of someone you love . 
 victoria could n't find the answers to the problem and questions they were facing . 
 she thought it might not be a solution needed to answer it but rather , a truth to be accepted . 
 it might be the pain - the heartbreak that flourished in the privacy of her mind ; the pain that ripped her inside like a knife . 
 she felt pain for not knowing where her mom is , for losing her friends , and for losing carmel . 
 she also felt an exquisite pain as she stare on thayer 's beautiful face . 
 she knew how innocent she was before . 
 she also knew how cold and mean she have been . 
 she was just afraid . 
 afraid of how it would have ended . 
 her fears could spread inside her anytime like a cancer , metastasizing inside her . 
 her human life , her family , her friends and her dream of becoming a doctor , rifted apart like a piece of paper . 
 they were all gone and the fact of being a wirth tore them all apart . 
 that was the truth . 
 but , she no longer is alone . 
 she now has thayer issamar bauer . 
 she should protect him , and he will protect her too . 
 they will protect each other for one simple , but meaningful reason , they love each other . 
 the rift book 2 acknowledgment i owe a word of gratitude to god for guiding me as i go on with my life ; to my mom and dad , for a never ending support and giving me all the reasons and wills to be strong ; a special thanks to those who witnessed my effort in writing this story and whose supports i treasure most . 
 to my sister , brothers and family , my friends , elizabeth , ranya , carmel , carol , jenny , kim , krystel and monica , for their enthusiastic and never ending love and care ; to jerna , who became my other half in expressing emotions through writing ; to sarah beth martin , writer of `` one true ocean '' for giving and waking up my passions on writing this novel ; to claudia mair burney , author of `` exorsistah '' and `` x returns '' for changing my life and transforming me into a better person after inspiring me with her works , to ahjussi who helped me become who i am now and becoming the source of my extra-ordinary emotions , and for helping me recognize the boundary between dream and reality . 
 to all of you , thank you very much . 
 ~ grace sagun story guide characters black wirths : vosckunouvich valdovski - king laviagna valdovski - queen tatiana valdovski - princess and new queen of white kingdom villionere baltemint - leader of soldiers white wirths : earrone lockhart - king namira lockhart - queen daniel lockhart - new king matthew and theresa lockhart victoria lockhart thayer issamar bauer jimmy and emily lockhart benedict lockhart claudia lockhart rebecca lockhart candace lockhart - princess kierry lockhart - princess victoria 's friends : carmel goldberg genie bridgewater ran walker elizabeth wright kim becker carol mercer places : bewilder , knoxville , tennessee - place where victoria study bewilder district hospital - affiliated hospital of skirrow 's medical school euronymph - dungeon in black kingdom fortress school of medicine - new university of thayer issamar bauer psaille lake - boundary between black and white kingdom phoenix , arizona - thayer issamar bauer 's hometown skirrow 's medical school - victoria 's university walsh city , nashville tennessee - victoria 's hometown weisffeld , massachussets - medical mission about the author grace sagun was born on september 14 , 1992 at carles , iloilo , philippines and studied bachelor of science in medical technology at philippine women 's university . 
 she started to discover her passion in writing at the age of 12 during her 6th grade . 
 when she reached high school , she joined journalism contests in their school and still continued to write as she entered college . 
 she also began writing and composing songs . 
 expressing herself through writing gave her the courage to finish and write her very first book the rift . 
 now , she is already working for the second part of the book . 
 her dreams of letting people read her works became her motivation to write more stories where she could put in her thoughts . 
