 the beautiful ones a prequel by lori brighton copyright 2014 lori brighton smashwords edition www.loribrighton.com all rights reserved . 
 without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above , no part of this publication may be reproduced , stored in or introduced into a retrieval system , or transmitted , in any form , or by any means -lrb- electronic , mechanical , photocopying , recording , or otherwise -rrb- without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book . 
 this book is a work of fiction . 
 names , characters , places , brands , media , and incidents are either the product of the author 's imagination or used fictitiously . 
 the author acknowledges the trademark status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction , which have been used without permission . 
 the publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized , associated with , or sponsored by the trademark owners . 
 this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be resold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 cover art and design by ronnell d. porter editing by martha trachtenberg young adult books by lori brighton : the chosen ones series : the beautiful ones : prequel the chosen ones : book 1 , coming spring 2014 ! 
 the mind readers series : the mind readers : book 1 -lrb- ebook version is free ! -rrb- 
 the mind thieves : book 2 the mind games : book 3 the mind keepers -lrb- series-ending novella -rrb- the matchmaker series : make me a match : book 1 the beautiful ones a prequel lori brighton some say we 're special , and that 's why we 're kept in seclusion . 
 beyond those walls evil lurks and innocent prey would be lost in minutes . 
 gone . 
 destroyed . 
 forgotten . 
 others say the opposite : we 're locked away because there 's something wrong with us . 
 if we roamed the outside world , we might taint the beautiful ones . 
 a species so pure , that to merely be in their presence is a gift . 
 as for my beliefs ... i 'm not sure . 
 but i do know one thing : neither of those reasons explains why it is that they come for us only after we 've passed the age of sixteen . 
 whether we want to go or not , we 're taken through those iron gates . 
 escorted away from the only home we 've ever known , escorted to our destiny -- whatever that destiny may be -- never to be seen again . 
 chapter 1 they were coming today . 
 i knew this as a fact . 
 rain , snow , wind , sun , every fourth sunday of the month they came for us . 
 the beautiful ones , as they 'd been dubbed long before i had been born , would sweep into our fenced home and pick two , sometimes three of us . 
 no one knew whom they would choose , or why , but most prayed it would be them . 
 i tucked my woolen skirts under my legs and drew my knees closer to my chest , biding my time . 
 i was n't looking for them as i huddled in my nest of leaves and twigs . 
 no , i was looking for something much , much more interesting . 
 desperate , i leaned against the iron fence , my fingers tightening around the cold , rusty bars . 
 just there beyond the hill , wavering in the crisp spring breeze , was a forest . 
 dark skeletal branches against a brilliant orange sky , the setting sun a fiery ball that balanced on the horizon like a mystical orb . 
 those trees would blossom soon . 
 even from far away i was sure i could see the buds . 
 and then the scents would come , arriving on air that would change from crisp to warm , from musky to sweet . 
 the intoxicating scent of spring . 
 a time of hope , renewal , promise , but most of all ... a time of mystery . 
 i closed my eyes and attempted to conjure that scent . 
 barely there , hovering on the edges of my memory . 
 i could n't stop thinking , could n't stop dreaming , and all because when i was ten years of age , on one particularly windy spring day , a few petals from a distant tree had floated over the wall . 
 they were no larger than a fingernail , but i 'd held those petals in my palm as if they were the greatest of treasures . 
 and to me , they were . 
 the velvety softness , that sweet scent , the most delicate pink in color . 
 all too soon they had wilted , dried and turned brown and brittle . 
 alive and vibrant one moment , gone the next . 
 their death had stunned me in some way that i did n't quite understand . 
 it had happened years ago and i could barely remember how they felt , but i still yearned for their touch . 
 if something so tiny and beautiful could be out there , what else lay beyond the hills ? 
 how desperately i wanted to know . 
 it was the year i 'd started thinking ... wondering . 
 the year everything had changed and i was no longer content . 
 shifting , i settled upon my knees and gazed out between the bars at the setting sun , barely aware of the damp earth soaking through my thick skirts , hoping that if i looked hard enough i might understand this world , this life . 
 could i walk into that sunset ? 
 keep going until i found a place of warmth , green grasses and utter softness ? 
 a place where flowers did not wither and die but grew in abundance year after year ? 
 i leaned forward , resting my forehead on the cool bars . 
 dirt . 
 i tired of the dirt that surrounded us . 
 that dusted the air and coated my legs and arms and face . 
 out there , the world changed . 
 the dirt gave way to brilliant green grass . 
 trees turned with the seasons . 
 the world did n't remain a constant as it did here . 
 to the others those trees in the distance were a way to note the passing of time . 
 to me they were magic . 
 to the others the world out there was something to fear . 
 to me it represented hope . 
 and just beyond , barely visible , the rolling green hills would be dotted with yellow flowers in the summer . 
 always . 
 how far did that land stretch ? 
 what was out there ? 
 there was something amazing . 
 i did n't know what , but i could feel it in my bones and someday i would uncover the truth . 
 the thorny branches around me rattled in warning . 
 i stiffened , turning toward the tunnel that snaked through the vines . 
 yes , someday i would uncover the truth , but apparently not today . 
 `` jane ! '' 
 tom whispered . 
 `` jane , where are you ? '' 
 i relaxed , relieved i had n't been found . 
 the bushes rattled once more . 
 tom cursed and i had to hide my grin . 
 tall and gangly , the older he got , the more difficult it was for him to fit into my tiny fort . 
 `` i 'm here , '' i whispered back . 
 two branches parted and a narrow , freckled face peeked down at me . 
 his lips spread into a crooked smile that was more familiar than my own . 
 `` i knew you 'd be hiding here . '' 
 `` not hiding , just ... thinking . '' 
 `` dreaming . '' 
 he said the word as if it was a curse , and perhaps it was . 
 unable to stop myself , i turned and gazed through those bars once more . 
 i 'd been hiding here for years , spotting the place when i 'd turned fourteen . 
 a hole in the thorny vines where most would n't dare enter , just as i 'd hoped . 
 only rabbits and the occasional squirrel used my retreat as their own . 
 and tom . 
 he knew my hiding place because tom was the only person who knew my secrets , my desire to see the outside world , my desire to escape . 
 or at least he had been the only one , until about five months ago . 
 `` find another book ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i held up the leather-bound novel . 
 `` jane eyre . '' 
 i shivered as he read the title . 
 coincidence ? 
 magic ? 
 i was n't sure . 
 `` a character with your name , '' tom murmured . 
 `` almost as if whoever left the book left it purposefully for ... '' me . 
 he settled on the ground , his long legs tucked to his chest . 
 so close that i could smell the earth upon his hands . 
 he 'd been working in the gardens . 
 but it was his unease that i focused on , an unease that was almost tangible . 
 for months now , in this very spot , i would find a book . 
 i 'd always assumed they were some sort of mysterious accident . 
 certainly they were n't here just for me . 
 i 'd saved a few of my favorites ; the only ones i could fit into a wooden box tom had made me two years ago . 
 i did n't dare keep the rest , but buried them when i finished reading . 
 not that we did n't have books in our small world . 
 we had books on agriculture , farming and science . 
 but nothing like these . 
 beautiful , wonderful stories . 
 i 'd have the book finished by next week , sneaking off whenever i had a spare moment . 
 and next sunday , dutifully , another book would appear . 
 although i worried someone had found my secret hiding place , i did n't question the magic , only accepted it gratefully ... until now . 
 `` i do n't like it , jane . 
 it 's odd , do n't you think ? '' 
 he picked up the novel and frowned at it like it was one of the snakes that occasionally slithered through the small nook . 
 `` it was one thing when i thought someone was merely leaving them behind . 
 but your name ? 
 it 's not safe . '' 
 he tossed it down with a thud . 
 `` if the others find out -- '' `` i 'll be okay . 
 no one will find them . '' 
 he sighed and i knew this was n't the last of our conversation . 
 `` is it good ? '' 
 i picked up the book , holding it close to my chest . 
 he was only asking to be polite . 
 tom hated to read . 
 while i 'd despaired when our schooling had ended a year ago , he had been only too happy to escape the stuffy building . 
 `` so wonderful . '' 
 merely talking about the books produced a warmth in my chest that spread through my body and made me eager to read more , know more . 
 in my books , at least for a short while , i could escape . 
 `` it 's about a woman who -- '' a bell rang , the metal sound clanging through the courtyard . 
 although we 'd been expecting it , the clamor startled us all the same . 
 instantly i stiffened , dropping the novel . 
 `` they 're already here ? '' 
 tom grabbed the book , his movements jerky and frantic . 
 `` yeah , coming . 
 sally was asking after you . '' 
 he tossed the book into the wooden box and shoved it under the brush , making sure it was well covered . 
 `` hurry ! '' 
 without pause , he dove down the tunnel . 
 we could n't be late . 
 i started after his scuffed brown boots . 
 as much as we wanted to be chosen , neither one of us would be so bold as to draw attention to ourselves and being late would draw attention . 
 `` wait . '' 
 tom stopped , glancing back at me , and forcing me to pause . 
 light pierced the branches , playing across his face . 
 he looked nervous , which made me nervous . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` happy birthday . '' 
 he held out his hand . 
 nestled upon his rough palm was a rose carved from a small bit of wood and attached to a piece of twine . 
 i was startled for a moment , having forgotten that it was indeed the day of my birth , seventeen years ago . 
 even more startled that he was giving me a gift . 
 `` it 's beautiful . '' 
 i was almost afraid to touch it . 
 i 'd never been given anything so pretty , so delicate . 
 `` here . '' 
 he shoved the piece forward , his cheeks flushed , the color clashing with his red hair . 
 crying was uncommon amongst our kind , but for some reason the sudden sting of tears burned my eyes . 
 unable to resist , i threw my arms around his neck . 
 in the small space he could n't pull back and he was forced to endure my embrace . 
 his body was stiff at first , but after a moment or two , he relaxed enough to awkwardly pat my back . 
 we were n't supposed to touch and could be reprimanded for it , but at the moment i did n't care . 
 besides , i 'd done worse . 
 it was an odd feeling having someone 's heart beat against mine . 
 odd but comforting . 
 i released my hold , taking the rose necklace with me . 
 i 'd read about birthdays and gifts in a book a month ago . 
 unsure if they were real or a myth , i 'd told tom in order to get his opinion . 
 i certainly had n't expected a present . 
 i placed the twine over my head , the wooden flower falling against my chest . 
 `` best tuck it under your collar . '' 
 he started to reach forward , blushed again and pulled back . 
 he 'd been acting different around me lately and i had a feeling i knew why . 
 the question was , how did i feel about him ? 
 i tucked the necklace under my dress , the twine itchy , but the wood smooth and warm between my breasts . 
 `` thank you , tom . '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 he rubbed the top of his head , mussing his hair , obviously flustered . 
 i had to bite back my grin . 
 `` we should get out there . '' 
 he did n't wait but started toward that bit of light at the end of the tunnel and i could only watch him go . 
 i cared about him , yes , but did i want to press my lips to his , to head to the couple 's cabin as so many ended up doing at our ages ? 
 tom and i had always been friends , but now ... now it was different . 
 i pressed my hand to my chest , feeling the reassurance of the necklace . 
 we received so few gifts and i was honest enough to admit i liked them . 
 but did i truly like tom as more than a mere friend ? 
 `` coming ? '' 
 tom called out over his shoulder . 
 i leaned forward , pressing my palms into the damp earth , and followed him . 
 as much as i wanted to understand my confusing emotions , it would have to wait . 
 the beautiful ones had arrived . 
 tom lifted the branch that covered the entrance and we stumbled out into the brilliant sunlight . 
 momentarily blinded , i did n't notice when the branch dropped , swiping across my arm and catching on my sleeve . 
 a thorn pierced the cloth , scratching my forearm . 
 `` ouch ! '' 
 i cried out . 
 tom turned and with gentle hands , he untangled the thorny branch from my sleeve . 
 `` you all right ? '' 
 he was always there for me ; he was my best friend . 
 this close , with his kind amber eyes staring down at me , i could almost imagine him lowering his head , his lips brushing mine ... almost , but not quite . 
 disconcerted , i jerked my sleeve down , covering the bloody welt that had formed across my skin . 
 in our world , there was no room for ridiculous thoughts . 
 `` yes , fine . 
 hurry . '' 
 i pushed him forward and we darted from the small patch of maple trees and into the warmth of the sun . 
 edging around the children 's ward , we raced across the commons , an open patch of brown dirt that stood in the middle of our small town . 
 the sun was the only thing brilliant here , in this world of relentless dirt . 
 even my dress and tom 's shirt and trousers were a light brown in color , easier to hide the mud and dust stains . 
 we rounded the women 's dormitory and came to a skidding halt . 
 already the others were lined up -- a sea of brown dresses against a backdrop of beige one-story cottages . 
 there was a dorm for the females , a dorm for the males and a dorm for the babies that needed constant attention . 
 toward the back of the forty-acre property there was a garden and pastures with cows and chickens . 
 in all , there were fifty-two of us enclosed within these walls . 
 fifty-two familiar faces , although upon occasion the beautiful ones would bring someone new into our tight fold . 
 someone from another compound who would tell us stories that sounded eerily similar to our own . 
 our days were spent taking care of our small homeland : cleaning , cooking , working as a group to provide for the whole . 
 it did n't leave much time to study , learn and improve our knowledge . 
 our positions were chosen for us at birth . 
 tom worked in the gardens . 
 i was forced to spend my days in the children 's dorm , taking care of the small ones . 
 and there , at the back of the property , just barely visible , was a cottage where men and women could meet and mate . 
 it was the only designated building where men and women were allowed to be intimate together once approved by the elders , the oldest few in our group . 
 the species must survive , after all . 
 once a babe was born , he or she was taken to the nursery . 
 we did not live with our birthing parents and i 'd never thought much about it ... until i 'd read the books . 
 now , the stories were making me question everything , and as much as i craved them , at times i wished they 'd never arrived . 
 `` look normal , '' tom whispered . 
 `` and do n't talk too much '' i frowned . 
 `` your words are too big , too strange . 
 it 's those damn books . '' 
 i flushed , realizing he was reprimanding me for my reading once more . 
 what did he know anyway ? 
 i could n't help it that the books arrived . 
 and i could n't help reading them ; they called to me . 
 but tom had always been content here , unlike me . 
 unable to stop myself , i glanced at that couple 's cottage once more . 
 `` you all right ? '' 
 tom asked . 
 i tore my gaze from the cottage , embarrassed to be caught . 
 `` yes , of course . '' 
 we could visit that building when we reached sixteen . 
 had tom thought about taking me there ? 
 visiting the couple 's cottage would change things and not only between me and tom . 
 karen had gotten with child only last year after visiting the cottage . 
 bloated and uncomfortable , she 'd almost died giving birth . 
 besides , i 'd grown to like the children i watched . 
 i could n't imagine going through childbirth , only to hand the babe over to another . 
 that 's the way it was and always had been . 
 but not in my books . 
 no , in my books babies stayed with the women who gave birth to them . 
 they coddled the children , loved them , adored them . 
 we reached the others and my worries about the couple 's cottage fled . 
 sally grabbed my arm , jerking me to a stop . 
 `` jane , tom , do slow down ! 
 they 'll be here soon and we do n't want to cause a scene . '' 
 of course not . 
 never cause a scene . 
 i found a place in line , throwing her an apologetic smile . 
 although we were warned never to act out , i sometimes wondered what would happen if we did . 
 would they murder us on the spot ? 
 merely shake their heads in disappointment ? 
 when i 'd been thirteen i 'd thought about kicking one of them in the shins just to see their response . 
 even now , the thought made me grin . 
 sally paced between the two rows , nervously flapping her hands like a bird looking for a scrap of food . 
 `` straight line please , they 'll be here soon . '' 
 she wore the same brown dress we all wore , the same brown dress that blended into the dull dirt at our booted feet . 
 we were a flock of boring sparrows . 
 on her the dress looked even frumpier . 
 she was bitter , angry that at twenty-two she still had n't been chosen . 
 angry that she was still here , looking after the children while others fled into another world , a hopefully better world . 
 she was n't cruel , merely unhappy like so many others waiting to be picked . 
 i wondered how i would feel if i was still here at her age . 
 `` jane . '' 
 sarah paused at my side , so thrilled , she practically bubbled over with excitement . 
 `` they 're coming ! '' 
 with her wavy brown hair and soft brown eyes , she looked like me . 
 which should n't have been surprising , considering she was my sister . 
 only two years younger , she 'd been four when mother had been chosen . 
 she was n't my only blood sibling . 
 there were two males across from us , twin boys aged fourteen . 
 justin , the younger , looked at me and grinned , while kyle was gazing at the clouds in the sky , lost in some daydream . 
 i smiled back . 
 all of us had brown hair and brown eyes , just like mom . 
 just like many of us here in the compound . 
 i had n't a clue what our father looked like , although i suspected it was the same man who sired us all , as we looked so similar . 
 tom had moved into the male line and stood across from me . 
 he 'd changed so much in the past two years that at times i did n't recognize him . 
 that round face had turned lean and muscles had formed where they had n't been before , broadening his shoulders and making him look more like a man . 
 he wrinkled his nose and stuck out his tongue , showing he was still that same old tom i 'd grown up with . 
 a sharp burst of laughter slipped from my lips before i could stop the sound . 
 `` shhh ! '' 
 sally hissed . 
 sarah straightened beside me . 
 `` i hope they pick me , i hope they pick me , '' she whispered over and over under her breath . 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 every sunday when they appeared , sarah repeated the same mantra , as if saying the words would help . 
 i hoped they did n't pick her for a variety of reasons . 
 we were n't close -- no one was close in our world -- but i still cared about her , and we really did n't know what would become of us once we stepped outside that gate . 
 but i had a feeling we had time . 
 mother had n't been chosen until she was almost twenty-three ; incredibly old . 
 so i was n't worried , even if after eighteen you became a spinster , and were treated like week-old bread . 
 sally was so old that most said she 'd given up . 
 but i saw that look that flashed across her hazel eyes . 
 hope . 
 the same look everyone had , be it boy , girl , man or woman . 
 everyone wanted to be chosen . 
 i 'd even noticed the gleam of disappointment in tom 's amber gaze last time they 'd swept by him . 
 yes , everyone wanted to be chosen . 
 everyone but me . 
 the commons area grew quiet and i knew by the shiver that swept over my skin they had arrived ; a feeling i got every time they appeared . 
 the line grew completely still , not a person dared to move . 
 the wind shifted , a soft breeze sweeping from the sky and tugging locks of hair from my braid that tickled my face . 
 that sweet scent ... the same scent that always proceeded their arrival . 
 sweeter than the flowers on the breeze in summer . 
 unwillingly , i closed my eyes and breathed deeply . 
 the bolt screeched back , and the gates were pushed wide . 
 i caught only a brief glimpse of their fine carriage , a wagon and a handful of guards before they entered . 
 doctor sam was first , which meant we would be getting medical shots . 
 they never explained exactly what the shots were for , other than to say they would keep us from getting ill . 
 even though doctor sam was one of us , if much , much older , there was something about the way he avoided our gazes that made me uneasy around him . 
 after doctor sam , who always shuffled hesitantly toward us , clutching his black medical bag like a protective blanket , came three beautiful ones . 
 they swept inside as if they owned the place , everything and everyone inside of this fence . 
 their long dark cloaks swirled around their black boots , the determination upon their perfect faces intimidating . 
 they did n't speak with us , did n't ask how we fared . 
 in and out as soon as possible . 
 there was no dithering about . 
 ares , the oldest , always entered first , bacchus only a step behind him . 
 they were the leaders and the two older men had been coming to our home for as long as i could remember . 
 but behind them walked him . 
 thanatos , he was named . 
 nineteen or twenty years of age , perhaps a little older , always quiet , never smiling , his head bent down , features hidden by the hood of his cloak . 
 he 'd arrived about a year ago . 
 where he 'd come from , we had n't the slightest . 
 he rarely spoke a word , and as i 'd never properly seen his face i was n't quite sure if i should be terrified of him or not . 
 their boots thudded upon the ground , the mud splattering with their movement . 
 the two older men wore brilliant clothing underneath their dark cloaks , colors the likes of which we 'd never owned . 
 red and yellows , blues and greens . 
 colors that looked even more brilliant against their pale skin . 
 they were like the rainbow i 'd noticed only twice in my life , both times just after a thunderstorm . 
 my heart thumped madly , my nerves growing taut , and i had to resist the urge to press my hand to my chest . 
 i did n't want to be left behind , yet i did n't exactly want them to pick me . 
 i did n't know what i wanted . 
 all i knew was that i 'd die , just die if i was twenty-three and still here ... trapped behind this fence . 
 the gates shut behind them with a thud that echoed across the countryside , stirring a flock of blackbirds from a nearby oak . 
 only three beautiful ones for the fifty-two of us , yet never had anyone tried to revolt . 
 no , we wanted their praise . 
 we wanted their approval because they were the ones who gave us shelter and food . 
 they were the ones who could escort us out of this mundane life of beige . 
 and i suppose we were all , just a little , afraid of being on our own . 
 in the distance a bird tweeted , the only sound in our compound as the beautiful ones made their way slowly between the two rows . 
 i barely paid attention to the two older men , but instead focused on thanatos . 
 a mere five steps away , his scent whispered toward me on the cool breeze ... the earth and the rain combined , and underneath it all a scent that was purely his . 
 he was tall , sinewy , strong , but did n't wear the brilliant clothing of his friends . 
 dark shirt and trousers that matched the lock of hair that fell across the left side of his sharp cheekbone . 
 as if he sensed the direction of my thoughts , thanatos paused so close i could reach out and touch him if i was so bold . 
 but i would never , ever be so bold . 
 why had he paused next to me ? 
 why ? 
 the entire world disappeared as i waited . 
 slowly , he turned his head . 
 it was n't his eyes or his mouth , or even something as mundane as his chin that first grabbed my attention . 
 no , it was the thin scar that marked his pale skin from the corner of his left eye down across his cheek . 
 stunned , i could only stare . 
 for a brief moment i wondered if the injury had hurt , but then i raised my attention to his eyes and all thoughts vanished . 
 not brown , or even pale green like the other beautiful ones , but almost blue . 
 ice-blue . 
 a blue so pale it reminded me of the snow that had just melted only a month ago . 
 i shuddered , a cold chill whispering through my body . 
 my fingers curled into the rough material of my skirts as i resisted the urge to move . 
 and suddenly i knew , for i could see the truth in his gaze ... me . 
 he was going to pick me . 
 he was going to pick me . 
 chapter 2 sometimes at night i swore i heard screams coming from beyond that fence . 
 chilling screams that entered my dreams and woke me in a cold sweat . 
 startled and terrified , i 'd stay awake for hours wondering what could make such a terrible noise . 
 a trapped deer ? 
 i 'd read about bears although never seen one . 
 perhaps a wild cat ? 
 or was it something much less animalistic and much more human ? 
 tom said they were merely nightmares . 
 after all , no one else had ever heard the cries . 
 but i was n't so sure . 
 as i stood there chilled under thanatos 's hard stare , i had a feeling i was about to finally find out the truth . 
 `` anything interesting , thanatos ? '' 
 one of the other men approached . 
 it was no longer just me and him . 
 the rest of the world came harshly back into focus . 
 i could n't help myself , and although we 'd been taught to keep still , i shifted , feeling nervous and alone when i 'd never been alone in my life . 
 why had he focused on me ? 
 why ? 
 `` no , bacchus , '' he replied quietly . 
 his response surprised me , but it was his voice that shook me . 
 it was the first time i 'd heard him speak and the velvety smoothness sent a rush of heat through my body . 
 who was this man ? 
 i dropped my gaze to the ground , as if once i broke eye contact , he 'd no longer have any power . 
 he was rejecting me . 
 i should have felt relieved ; instead i felt strangely horrified , even embarrassed . 
 when only moments before i had n't been sure if i 'd want to be chosen , now i had the intense desire to demand he pick me . 
 the man named bacchus stared hard , those green eyes so cold it seemed as if the very blood in my veins froze under his gaze . 
 perhaps he was n't touching me , but it felt as if he did as he loomed like one of the few trees on the outskirts of our courtyard . 
 but instead of finding welcoming relief in his shade , i felt only unease under the man 's attention . 
 `` you 're sure ? '' 
 he asked , hooking his thumbs into the pockets of his brilliant red vest . 
 when i dared to peek up at him , i realized he stared at me with the same sort of bored detachment with which our cook stared at our chickens when getting ready to cut off their heads for dinner . 
 `` yes . '' 
 thanatos turned and started down the row , dismissing me altogether . 
 `` a moment . '' 
 bacchus stepped closer , only a breath away . 
 i had to resist the urge to step back . 
 his narrow face reminded me of one of the hawks that oftentimes hovered over our compound , hoping for an unsuspecting rabbit . 
 i flushed , uncomfortable under his attention , and wishing thanatos would return . 
 even he was preferable to this man . 
 closing his eyes , bacchus breathed deeply , stirring the loose tendrils around my face . 
 what was he doing ? 
 helplessly , i glanced at tom , but he merely stared wide-eyed back at me , unable to offer any assistance . 
 a slow smile spread across bacchus 's lips , an oddly terrifying grin . 
 `` the boy is lying . '' 
 thanatos spun around so fast , he was a mere blur . 
 we did n't have time to be startled as he collided with bacchus and shoved him back ... back into the iron bars of the fence , his hand at the man 's throat . 
 `` she is n't ready , '' he growled . 
 surprised gasps rang out amongst our group , the younger children latching onto the older ones in fear . 
 our lives were built around the same tediousness day after day , and most found comfort in knowing what would take place . 
 in fact , the beautiful ones enforced repetitiveness . 
 but this had never happened before , and their strange behavior terrified us . 
 `` thanatos , bacchus , enough ! '' 
 ares started down the path , his steps quick and thundering as his cloak swirled around him in a storm of black material . 
 stunned , none of us moved . 
 doctor sam merely huddled within his cloak off to the side , mumbling to himself , of absolutely no help . 
 the beautiful ones were always calm , always polite and reserved ; we 'd never seen them fight . 
 i dared to slide tom another glance . 
 his face had gone pale , but i probably looked just as surprised . 
 the entire group of our simple people formed a sea of colorless features . 
 something strange had happened . 
 something wrong . 
 something i knew without doubt was my fault . 
 `` release him , thanatos . '' 
 ares rested his hand on the young man 's shoulder . 
 but he remained tense and i had an unsettling feeling he would refuse . 
 the desire to beg him to stop pressed against my lips , but i managed to keep my mouth shut . 
 surprisingly , he stepped back and turned his fierce gaze toward us . 
 `` her . '' 
 thanatos pointed at sally . 
 just as quickly , his attention focused on the male line . 
 `` him . '' 
 i jerked my gaze toward tom , my heart denying what my rational mind knew for truth . 
 they could n't take my best friend . 
 how would i live here without him ? 
 i almost cried out in denial , had to curl my fingernails into my palms to keep from rushing forward and throwing my arms around tom 's neck . 
 `` one more . '' 
 bacchus was suddenly back between our two lines , his cold , angry gaze pinned to thanatos . 
 it was not a question , but a demand . 
 he was out for revenge . 
 `` no , '' thanatos snapped back . 
 they stood face-to-face , and i worried they would fight again . 
 ares held up his hand , but in his cold eyes was an amusement that made me nervous , almost as if he enjoyed the games they played . 
 `` who , bacchus ? '' 
 bacchus lifted his arm and pointed directly at me , a gleam of triumph on his face . 
 `` her . '' 
 the entire world seemed to grow silent , or perhaps for that brief second i 'd lost all sense of hearing . 
 ares looked thoughtful for a moment as he studied me , but i could say nothing . 
 a mere flower , i waited to see if i would be picked or crushed under unconcerned feet . 
 finally , he breathed deeply , smiled and nodded . 
 `` very well . '' 
 with his final words left hanging in the air , he spun around and started toward the gates , bacchus following . 
 sally rushed after them , eager to leave behind this world and start anew . 
 thanatos merely stood there glaring at me as if i 'd somehow done something wrong . 
 how had this happened ? 
 from the corner of my eye i could see tom hesitate , then start toward the gates without me . 
 `` children , '' doctor sam called out , finally coming to life . 
 `` line up . 
 time for shots . '' 
 but i continued to stand there . 
 `` go now , '' thanatos whispered furiously . 
 ` it 's too late . '' 
 too late for what ? 
 my legs felt like boulders as i stumbled after them , following tom 's broad shoulders , incredibly aware of thanatos behind me . 
 i dared to glance one last time at my brothers , who had already started toward doctor sam , at my sister who watched with wide , envious eyes and a dirt-smudged face . 
 i 'd been chosen . 
 i was leaving this dull world behind . 
 i was getting exactly what i 'd always wanted ... escape . 
 so why did i not race after them in excitement as sally did ? 
 the closer i got to the gates of freedom the louder my heart thundered . 
 although we did n't touch , i could feel thanatos behind me , a wall between my future and my past . 
 at the fence i did n't pause , knowing if i hesitated i would n't make it . 
 closing my eyes briefly , i stepped outside the compound and into a new world , a new life . 
 i 'd imagined this moment for years , day after day . 
 i 'd imagined racing through the gates and up those hills , into the flowers . 
 i 'd imagined exploring the nooks of the forest until i found the answers to my many questions , the reasons why i was here . 
 but i had never imagined this procession of silence . 
 i did n't realize until i stepped outside that there was a wagon already filled with more people like us . 
 a wagon that held ten men and women , all with the same slightly bemused expressions we wore , the same plain clothing and wary eyes . 
 but the normal people in the wagon ahead were n't what i found interesting . 
 it was the guards i found fascinating . 
 men much like thanatos with scars across their beautiful faces . 
 men who would have been stunning , if it was n't for their injuries . 
 `` to the wagon , '' one guard growled , shoving me toward an empty bed . 
 i stumbled , had to quickly regain my balance , and resisted the urge to shoot the man a glare over my shoulder . 
 one day , after having had enough of listening to sally extoll the benefits of being chosen by the beautiful ones , i 'd cynically said that they probably took us back to their estates and forced us to become their servants . 
 my negative comment had not been appreciated . 
 `` up in the back of the bed , '' another guard growled as he stood waiting impatiently . 
 as we were ushered onto the bed of the second wagon while the beautiful ones headed toward their elegant carriage that led the procession , i wondered if sally thought about my comment . 
 swallowing hard , i settled on the cold seat near the front , a mere plank of wood that rested along the side of the bed . 
 i was more than surprised when thanatos jumped onto the bench seat in front , sitting next to the driver . 
 so close to me i could smell his intoxicating scent . 
 there was no elegant carriage for him . 
 i slid my gaze to the driver , feeling confused . 
 he appeared much more normal , more like us , with his tanned skin and plain brown clothing . 
 he did n't bother to glance our way , but stared straight ahead as if he had n't even noticed our arrival . 
 yes , he was similar , but for one thing ... he was older . 
 much older . 
 older even than doctor sam . 
 the creases at the corners of his mouth and gray at his temples showed him to be startlingly ancient . 
 i 'd never seen anyone that old and found myself fascinated more by this man than my situation . 
 had i been right all along ? 
 were we being taken back to their city to become servants like this driver ? 
 `` ca n't believe we were both chosen , '' tom whispered as he settled next to me , his excited voice drawing my attention to him . 
 i parted my lips , intending to ask his opinion of the situation when the guard shoving sally toward the wagon interrupted . 
 `` over there , '' he demanded , glaring at tom . 
 even here they intended to keep us separate . 
 tom gave me an apologetic smile and moved to the bench across from me . 
 as the wagon jerked forward i was acutely aware of the fact that i had left everything behind : my clothing , my books , my friends . 
 i lifted my hand to my chest feeling the wooden rose . 
 but tom 's necklace was still there ... a small piece of comfort . 
 i glanced at him but he was n't looking my way . 
 no , he was too busy studying the passing scenery , obviously excited about our unknown future . 
 the gates shut with a thud . 
 sally and tom might be interested in the future , but i was more interested in the past . 
 just beyond those metal bars i could see the others standing there watching us . 
 only a few were in line for shots . 
 i knew from experience they would stay there for a good ten minutes , wishing they had been chosen , wondering why they had n't , before they shuffled off to do their chores . 
 familiarity . 
 comfort . 
 home . 
 i sat stiff and still , unable to look away from everything i had known , unable to look away from those dirt-smudged faces of my friends and family . 
 as a few of them moved forward , peering at me through the bars , still locked away while i experienced the outside world for the first time in my life , i felt utterly guilty . 
 i watched them until we moved up and over a hill , and they disappeared from view . 
 just like that it was over . 
 within a blink they were gone . 
 with almost everything familiar out of reach , i felt lost , alone . 
 i swallowed hard and slumped back onto my seat . 
 i was n't the only one who realized the importance of the moment . 
 around me everyone grew quiet . 
 extremely quiet . 
 the only sound was the rumble of wheels over dirt . 
 they were nervous , yet i could sense their excitement . 
 that was the difference between me and tom and sally . 
 they were thrilled to have been chosen . 
 they did not seem to question where we were going , or what would happen once we arrived . 
 i , on the other hand , had a million questions racing through my mind . 
 we started down a hill . 
 no fence was in view . 
 my home was gone , as if it had never existed . 
 with nothing left to do , i studied my surroundings , trying to make sense of the odd situation . 
 i 'd been born for this moment . 
 we all had . 
 so why did leaving the compound feel anything but thrilling ? 
 `` this is amazing , '' sally , whispered , clutching my knee . 
 seeing her so happy made me uneasy . 
 why , i wondered , could n't i just accept my fate as well as she and tom ? 
 why could n't i believe in the best , as they both apparently did ? 
 i fell quiet , lost in thought and worry . 
 maybe it was merely nerves making me uneasy , the thought of the unknown . 
 `` do n't worry , jane , '' tom whispered , leaning forward . 
 i forced myself to smile . 
 he knew me well , too well . 
 he nodded toward the scenery behind me . 
 `` look . '' 
 reluctantly , i turned on my bench . 
 we 'd rounded a corner and the hills smoothed into gentle fields of green , dotted with yellow flowers that seemed to go on forever . 
 a sight so beautiful that my nervousness fell to the wayside . 
 indeed , tom knew me well . 
 he knew what i needed , what i desired . 
 i realized in that perfect moment that i was free . 
 free . 
 suddenly , the air felt cooler , cleaner . 
 the world brighter . 
 reluctantly , i let my excitement grow and i found myself grinning as widely as the rest of them . 
 `` amazing , right ? '' 
 tom whispered . 
 i nodded , too overwhelmed to speak . 
 this was why i 'd been so eager to leave , because i 'd known there was more . 
 so much more . 
 a silvery lake crawled across the lowland , brilliant and sparkling under the sun . 
 a beautiful , clean lake , unlike the brown murky water where our animals drank and bathed . 
 my fingers tightened around the edge of the wagon , the desire to touch that cool water , to dip my toes into its clean surface , overwhelming . 
 so many amazing things i 'd never seen before ; i could barely take it all in . 
 `` look ! '' 
 tom cried out a little too loudly , forgetting himself . 
 although sally turned her glare toward him , he barely noticed . 
 i glanced up , following his line of vision . 
 a brilliant rainbow arched across the sky . 
 i sucked in a sharp breath . 
 was it a sign ? 
 some sort of signal from a god i did n't fully understand ? 
 `` beautiful , '' i whispered . 
 `` you 've never seen a rainbow ? '' 
 thanatos muttered harshly , without looking back . 
 we all froze , our smiles falling . 
 he sat with his legs stretched out and his arms crossed over his chest . 
 he still wore that hood and i could only see the tip of his nose . 
 there was no doubt he was a beautiful one , yet there was something different about him , something other than the scar marking his handsome face . 
 i glanced at tom , who was watching me nervously . 
 sally looked ready to vomit . 
 i had to answer him , did n't i ? 
 `` y ... yes . 
 of course . 
 but a rainbow is such a thing that no matter how many times you see it , it 's still just as beautiful as the first . '' 
 i was n't positive , but i was pretty sure he snorted in derision . 
 i waited , nervously , but after five minutes without a vocal response , i realized he was perfectly content to go on ignoring us as he had most of the trip . 
 `` what were you thinking ? '' 
 sally whispered furiously . 
 i pressed my lips tightly together , refusing to reply , and turned my gaze once again to the hills , finding comfort in the landscape . 
 maybe i had n't been thinking . 
 no , when you saw something as beautiful as a rainbow you could only react naturally , from a place deep within . 
 a place that was there , always nagging at me , making me want more , making me want this . 
 and i could feel it ... everything i dreamt about was out there , so close , within reach now . 
 i was n't sure how much time passed , as i greedily soaked up the natural wonder around us , and my own nervousness gave way to the warmth of happiness . 
 this was so much better than my books . 
 perhaps sally had been right , maybe we were being rewarded . 
 `` we 're going to be so happy , jane , '' sally whispered . 
 i smiled , unable to help myself . 
 the sun was setting , sending brilliant rays of red and orange across the sky . 
 when we entered a thick forest , the light was all but gone . 
 i tried to concentrate , not ready to let the excitement of the day go , but as the minutes went by my eyes grew heavy and my body exhausted . 
 we 'd be headed to bed already back at the compound . 
 up with the dawn , to bed with dusk . 
 it was as i had just decided to give into my exhaustion that i first noticed the shadows moving through the woods . 
 instantly alert , i leaned forward , narrowing my eyes . 
 was it my imagination ... no . 
 there were people following . 
 or ... animals ... something within those woods running so fast they were a blur beside us . 
 startled , i glanced at tom , trying to catch his attention , but he 'd fallen asleep and was leaning heavily against the back of his seat . 
 sally , too , slept next to me . 
 i studied the woods once more . 
 they were still there , a fog of shadows swirling , practically blending within the darkness . 
 my heart hammered wildly . 
 what were they ? 
 i glanced at thanatos . 
 he was so close i could reach out and tap him on the back , if i so dared . 
 as if sensing my attention , he glanced over his shoulder . 
 those icy eyes caught me off guard . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 under his intense gaze , i could barely speak . 
 `` it 's ... i just ... '' surprised by the sound of our voices , sally and tom jerked awake . 
 i knew what they were thinking ... how stupid of me to talk to a beautiful one . 
 did n't i know when to keep my mouth shut ? 
 apparently not . 
 i cleared my throat , forcing myself to keep his gaze . 
 `` it seems as if we are being followed . '' 
 he narrowed his eyes ever so slightly . 
 i had thought , for a brief moment , that perhaps he might be angry at me for speaking up . 
 but he merely turned back around and slumped once more against the seat . 
 `` they are guards . '' 
 he did n't say another word . 
 i parted my lips to question him further when sally pinched my arm hard . 
 i gritted my teeth , glaring at her . 
 she glared back . 
 `` shut your mouth , '' she whispered . 
 frustrated , i glanced at tom , but he had the same look as sally , a look that warned i 'd get no support . 
 i leaned back against the hard bench , and refused to hold tom 's gaze . 
 his lack of support bothered me , but then he 'd always taken my side . 
 why ? 
 why would we need guards ? 
 i turned my attention back to the forest , following the shadows . 
 beasts or humans ? 
 i could n't tell and i was n't sure i wanted to know . 
 perhaps they were dogs of some sort , for no human could run that quickly . 
 i felt suddenly chilled , and it had nothing to do with the fact that the sun was disappearing below the horizon . 
 the carriage burst from the woods and i glanced back , expecting to see the guards move from the trees , but i saw no one . 
 `` fence , '' sally whispered . 
 sure enough , a tall iron fence rose from the hills , a fence that looked so familiar that for a moment i thought it had all been a terrible ruse and they were returning us to the compound . 
 but no , this was a new place . 
 a new compound . 
 startled , the three of us looked at each other . 
 where were we ? 
 the wagon slowed to a stop . 
 thanatos jumped from the seat , but he was n't paying attention to us , and i did n't dare call out to him . 
 the fancy carriage had stopped , and the beautiful ones were already outside , waiting . 
 the wagon ahead filled with other plain people like us paused as well . 
 `` out , '' thanatos demanded , turning toward us . 
 i started to stand instinctively , thinking at first that he was talking to all of us and perhaps we were merely being transported to another compound . 
 but no , he was staring at tom . 
 tom , who stood slowly , his face pale , his expression bewildered . 
 `` out , '' thanatos demanded , as two guards suddenly appeared , flanking his sides . 
 `` you 're staying here . '' 
 `` but ... '' thanatos sighed , apparently in no mood for our questions . 
 `` you 're needed here . 
 you will stay at this compound until we come for you again . '' 
 tom glanced toward the gates , then at me . 
 his hesitation hurt , made me cold inside . 
 he did n't want to leave me , and he did n't want to return to that fenced compound any more than i did . 
 yet , tom would n't complain . 
 tom never complained . 
 a split second later i saw the determination in his eyes . 
 he would do what they asked , assuming it was for the greater good . 
 even if that greater good meant i might not ever see him again . 
 he jumped from the wagon . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i yelled out . 
 without thought i raced to the edge and leaped off the bed after him . 
 thanatos froze . 
 the guards paused , frowning . 
 even tom stilled in surprise . 
 seeing the commotion , ares started toward us , his steps even and unhurried . 
 `` my dear , dear child . '' 
 he smiled , a thin and brittle smile that did n't quite reach his cold eyes . 
 `` do not worry . 
 ` tis merely for a short while . 
 you shall be reunited with your friend very soon indeed . '' 
 i glanced at thanatos , trying to read the truth , but he 'd turned , his face hidden within the hood of his cloak once more . 
 dare i believe them ? 
 not even tom was looking at me . 
 no , he stared at the ground , his cheeks aflame with a brilliant blush almost as if i 'd shamed him . 
 my despair grew heavy , stifling . 
 if tom was n't going to argue , what right did i have to fight ? 
 ares rested his hand on my shoulder , startling me . 
 `` now , say your good-byes . '' 
 `` jane , '' tom said softly , stepping closer . 
 `` you 're different . 
 you 've always been special . 
 but me ... i 'm nothing . 
 i do n't stand out . 
 this is my opportunity to be special . '' 
 `` tom , do n't . '' 
 my voice cracked . 
 `` it 's all right . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` you 'll see . 
 this is going to be the best for both of us . '' 
 he dared to reach out and squeeze my hand . 
 but he released his hold before i was ready to let him go , and all too quickly he was walking away , leaving me alone . 
 the guards opened the gates , the hinges squeaking , revealing another compound , and more haunted , hopeful faces . 
 thanatos stepped behind bacchus and ares , and with tom , they moved into the compound . 
 `` back into the wagon , '' a guard growled . 
 another guard with the scar that thanatos wore . 
 `` what does it all mean ? '' 
 his lips lifted into a snarl . 
 `` get aboard now . '' 
 `` jane , '' sally whispered , urging me to listen . 
 swallowing down my demand for answers , i turned and hauled myself back up into the wagon , ignoring sally 's anger as i settled next to her . 
 desperate , i spun around , gripping the side of the wagon and searching the compound . 
 i found tom easily , his red hair standing out amongst a sea of brown . 
 he stepped across the fence line , into another world . 
 and as he stepped over that invisible line , i felt as if he was gone for good ... some ghostly being i was no longer sure was real or a dream . 
 tom thought we 'd see each other again . 
 he was sure of it . 
 even ares had promised we 'd be reunited . 
 but when tom moved into the throng of other beige people , disappearing from sight , i had an awful , terrible feeling i would never see him again . 
 chapter 3 the sun had long since dipped below the horizon and with night , came a chill wind that pierced my rumpled dress . 
 although the woman on my right side was someone i did n't know , a woman who smelled oddly unpleasant , i did n't nudge her away when she pressed close to me for warmth . 
 besides , she came from the compound where they 'd left tom , and for some reason being close to her made me feel closer to tom in a strange way . 
 tom , whom i could n't stop thinking about . 
 could n't stop seeing him walking toward that compound , those gates closing . 
 tom , whom i had a feeling i would never see again . 
 the new ones had been excited when they 'd first climbed into the wagon . 
 but now , an hour later , everyone 's excitement had slowly turned into exhaustion and nervousness . 
 except for thanatos ; he was all ease as he stretched his legs out in front of him , his hood hiding his features . 
 he might have even slept . 
 his lack of interest angered me . 
 it did n't matter to them that they separated us from our family and friends . 
 it did n't matter that they kept us caged , not knowing what would come next . 
 i had refused to cry when we 'd left tom , even knowing i would most likely never see him again . 
 after all , tom had n't even glanced back when he 'd left , so eager to do his part and feel important . 
 so why should i care ? 
 but i did care . 
 deep down , in some hollowed place in my chest , i felt heavy and cold , alone . 
 the woman next to me nudged my arm . 
 `` look , '' she whispered . 
 i glanced back . 
 a stone fence had sprung up alongside the road , so unlike our tall iron fences that i knew we were somewhere completely new . 
 this was no compound . 
 my exhaustion gave way to wariness . 
 i barely noticed the discomfort of the wheels hitting the cobbled road as we swept over a bridge and through a wide opening in the stone fence . 
 even tom was momentarily forgotten . 
 around me , excited murmurs rose as curiosity took hold . 
 and for a long moment i was just as stunned . 
 it was a large town bordered by a river . 
 tall lamps lined a street that wove its way up a hill , sending a warm candlelit glow across the glistening stone . 
 buildings made of rock followed the lane , the windows lit cozily from within . 
 i straightened , gripping the edge of the wagon , wondering if perhaps i dreamt . 
 this was a kingdom from the books i 'd read , a city of cottages and castles . 
 we swept up the cobbled road , the thump of the wheels sending us bouncing up off our seats and making us cling to each other like children at play . 
 i 'd never seen so much stone . 
 our homes were all low , wooden structures of dull brown and beige . 
 these were massive , beautiful , elegant . 
 had sally been right all along , were we here to become part of a magical kingdom , rewarded for years of drudgery ? 
 ignoring the excited whispers of the others , i glanced at thanatos . 
 his shoulders were slightly hunched , his face still hidden within that hood so i could n't read his expression . 
 it was obvious he was n't impressed . 
 but why should he ? 
 the beautiful ones were used to this life . 
 `` i ca n't believe it , '' sally said next to me . 
 `` i knew it . 
 i dreamt of it . '' 
 i tore my attention from thanatos . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` this ! '' 
 she glanced pointedly toward the city lit by softly glowing lanterns . 
 as the wagon thumped over the road , people stepped from their doors , studying us curiously . 
 even though they were hard to see in the candlelight , i knew they were the beautiful ones . 
 their clothing shimmered with riches , their pale faces were pure , but it was more ... something more that identified them ... their very essence . 
 `` this magnificence ! '' 
 sally exclaimed . 
 `` i knew it had to be all for something . '' 
 but as i glanced around me , i wondered what , exactly , it had been for ? 
 why would we live in squalor only to come into riches now ? 
 it made no sense . 
 `` mamma ! '' 
 a small child darted from a door , running alongside our wagon . 
 she looked up at me with pale green eyes in a pale pure face surrounded by golden hair that caught the lamplight and glimmered . 
 i 'd never seen a young beautiful one and i was stunned by her appearence . 
 but as she gazed longingly up at me , there was something eerily unsettling about her stare . 
 something i did n't understand . 
 `` mamma , i want one ! 
 can i have one ? '' 
 a woman hustled forward , as the other beautiful ones laughed . 
 i did n't understand the child 's question nor their response , but they made me uneasy . 
 `` of course not , '' the woman muttered . 
 `` do n't be silly . '' 
 she took her child 's hand and pulled her back toward the house where they apparently lived . 
 sally laughed , delighted . 
 `` how funny ! '' 
 i did n't find it funny , i found it strange . 
 but i did n't have time to dwell upon the situation . 
 the wagon slowed in a massive round courtyard , lined with more stone homes . 
 at the center , a large building that could only be called a castle , loomed above us . 
 men stood alongside the entrance , almost like guards , although they held no weapons . 
 their fierce scowls and those scars slashed across their faces were enough to dissuade even me from asking questions . 
 a guard dressed in dark clothing stepped forward as our wagon came to a stop . 
 `` hurry now , get down . '' 
 there was no welcome or pleasantries , and although we were dusty and thirsty no one offered us water . 
 one by one we jumped from the bed . 
 when my feet hit the street , my numb legs almost gave out . 
 i had to cling momentarily to the side of the wagon until my body regained control of its limbs . 
 but with a nudge from the guard , all too soon i forced myself to follow sally through the throng of beautiful ones gathered around the courtyard . 
 they offered no greeting as we swept by in a procession of common , bedraggled people . 
 they merely watched us with detachment , once in a while turning toward their neighbor as if to discuss something mundane . 
 although to us the beautiful ones were as rare and stunning as a rainbow , apparently to them we were more along the lines of a mud puddle , something one notices but avoids . 
 `` you will follow me , '' yet another nameless guard with a telling scar ordered . 
 we walked woodenly across the stone courtyard to a large arched doorway . 
 everything was so incredibly different from our compound that i felt as if i 'd actually entered another world . 
 back home we walked on dirt and the sparse patch of grass , while the cobbled stone now at our feet was unfamiliar and uneven . 
 but my lack of balance was forgotten as i glanced around the strange place . 
 the riches did n't make me feel better ; in fact , they made me feel worse . 
 the guards shouted out orders , but i barely paid attention . 
 a group of beautiful ones stood in a half circle watching us . 
 just watching . 
 i tried to ignore my nervousness , but it would n't go away , merely pulsed at me beneath a calm veneer . 
 and i certainly could n't ignore the unsettling stares of the beautiful ones . 
 we moved past a set of closed doors , turned right and marched down a narrow , dark hall . 
 it was as we started down that hall that i suddenly found myself beside thanatos . 
 he did n't say a word , that stunning face still half-hidden . 
 but i had a chance , and it could be my only chance . 
 `` where are they taking us ? '' 
 i blurted out before my nerves got the better of me . 
 he jerked his head my way , seemingly startled by my question , or maybe the mere sound of my voice . 
 why i 'd thought i had the right to ask him anything , i had n't a clue . 
 maybe because out of all the beautiful ones , he was the only one who showed emotion , who offered us commentary and attention of any sort . 
 `` you do n't need to worry about it , '' he muttered . 
 `` not yet . '' 
 without further comment , he quickened his steps and turned left , merging into the shadows down the hall . 
 i actually paused , so startled by his response and sudden disappearance . 
 what did he mean by not yet ? 
 someone ran into me with a grunt . 
 `` sorry , '' i muttered , and started forward once more . 
 `` women this way , '' the guard called out , pointing at the left side of a split staircase . 
 `` men that way . '' 
 sally sidled up next to me and clasped my hand , a telling sign she was nervous . 
 she was n't one for physical contact . 
 i glanced back , but thanatos was gone , and only a sea of weary faces met my gaze . 
 `` up the stairs , ladies . 
 your maids will be waiting for you . '' 
 `` maids ? '' 
 sally said , dropping my hand in annoyance and quirking a knowing brow . 
 `` i told you we would n't be servants . '' 
 i frowned as i followed her quick steps up a narrow , dark stairway . 
 the idea of having servants caused an excited twitter to form that rolled down the line of girls in a wave . 
 they might all think we were honored guests , but instinct told me we were here for an entirely different reason . 
 if not as servants , then what ? 
 we passed a second floor and continued up to a third . 
 at the top of the steps , five women wearing plain black gowns and white aprons stood waiting . 
 they were not beautiful ones , but were older , with graying hair and sagging skin , looking very much the female version of our wagon driver . 
 but it was n't just the wrinkles and graying hair that made them all so similar , it was the empty look in their eyes . 
 `` you two over here . '' 
 a woman nodded toward me and sally , then started for the nearest door . 
 sally bounded into the room as if she owned the place , as if she fully expected and accepted the riches that stood before us . 
 i followed a little more hesitantly . 
 i was n't sure who was more surprised , as we both froze in the middle of the beautiful space , stunned . 
 two large beds lay against the far wall , covered with thick , shimmering blankets of pale blue . 
 above , what i could only assume was a chandelier shone and sparkled with glass beads and silver sconces , while the walls glimmered with some sort of white wallpapering . 
 it was a fairy land , something i did n't even know could exist . 
 something that did n't seem real . 
 `` dinner is on the cart . 
 the bathing room is through there . '' 
 the maid pointed to a door on the far wall . 
 `` you turn the knobs to get the water into the tub . 
 pull the bell cord near the fireplace if you need assistance . 
 but only as a last resort . '' 
 `` excuse me , i was wondering ... '' she did n't wait for the rest of my question , but scurried from the room , closing the door behind her as if she could n't wait to leave . 
 was it jealousy that had her so unhelpfully fleeing ? 
 i frowned . 
 nothing made sense . 
 `` oh my , '' sally whispered , completely unconcerned with the fact that the woman had abandoned us . 
 the riches had blinded her to the truth . 
 and the truth was that something odd was happening here . 
 she rushed across the room , trailing her fingers over the fireplace mantel , before heading to one of the two beds . 
 `` the covers are so soft ! 
 do you think everyone has a room as elegant as ours ? 
 surely not ! '' 
 `` sally , '' i whispered , feeling much too dirty to touch anything . 
 `` do n't you wonder why we 're here ? '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 she moved to the cart between our beds , and lifted a silver dome , releasing the aroma of soup and steamed vegetables . 
 the candlelight glowing from the chandelier above made everything look soft and inviting , but it did n't put me at ease . 
 something was wrong . 
 `` i 'm so hungry . '' 
 she took a plate and settled on the edge of her bed , popping a cooked carrot into her mouth . 
 it did n't bother her that she was getting dust and dirt all over her bedcover . 
 `` i could eat the entire tray . '' 
 `` sally . '' 
 i moved toward her . 
 `` do you not have any questions at all about why we 're here ? '' 
 with her mouth full , she shook her head . 
 `` we were good . '' 
 she swallowed the bite . 
 `` this is the gift for our years of obedience . '' 
 sure , it was a nice thought , but it did n't seem to fit . 
 but nothing did . 
 still , what was the alternative ? 
 i sighed , sinking gingerly upon the edge of the bed . 
 perhaps she was right . 
 after all , nothing else made sense . 
 i smoothed my hands over the soft blanket . 
 it was pure heaven . 
 i 'd read about material as fine in my books , but i 'd never truly understood the richness . 
 `` cakes ! '' 
 she cried out . 
 i glanced toward the tray where two pink frosted cakes were resting like little delicious presents . 
 my stomach tightened with nerves , revolted by the idea of eating . 
 `` you 're welcome to mine as well . '' 
 `` i certainly wo n't let it go to waste . '' 
 she snatched the cake and sank her teeth into the pastry , groaning . 
 she seemed more interested in eating than in uncovering what our purpose was for being here . 
 `` delicious , '' she muttered , crumbs falling from her mouth and to the carpet below . 
 `` i 've never tasted anything so delicious . '' 
 i admit my stomach grumbled and i regretted giving up the delicacy , but the cakes were gone before i had a chance to take back my decision . 
 besides , i had more important things to worry about . 
 `` i think i 'll wash . '' 
 sally yawned , nodding . 
 reluctantly , i headed toward the bathing room . 
 but my unease would n't release its tight grip . 
 at the door , i paused and glanced back . 
 `` sally ? '' 
 `` hmm ? '' 
 she asked dreamily , the smile on her face making me falter . 
 perhaps i was wrong , and if i was , i did n't want to ruin this for her . 
 as annoying as she could be at times , she still deserved to enjoy what little luxury we might receive tonight . 
 tomorrow would be soon enough to worry . 
 i smiled back . 
 `` sweet dreams . '' 
 she giggled , a pure , delighted sound i 'd never heard coming from her lips before . 
 `` i do n't need my dreams anymore . '' 
 her lashes drifted down ; she was already half asleep . 
 `` for they 're coming true . '' 
 my smile faltered . 
 i only wished i could be so sure . 
 **** the scream interrupted my slumber . 
 a terrifying sound that jolted me awake and had me jumping out of bed . 
 standing , my feet sinking into the plush carpet , it took a long moment for me to calm my harsh breathing . 
 another moment before i realized where i was . 
 at first i 'd assumed i was back in the compound , having one of my nightmares . 
 but no , this room was too lush , too magical . 
 moonlight filtered through the windows , highlighting the elegant chamber in a silver glow that made it seem almost ethereal . 
 needing the reassurance , i reached out , touching the soft bedspread . 
 real , it was real . 
 with trembling fingers i raked my hair from my face . 
 had i imagined the feral sound ? 
 was it a mere dream , as tom seemed to think when i 'd lived in the compound ? 
 i took in a deep breath , attempting to calm the frantic beat of my heart . 
 `` just a dream , '' i murmured . 
 it was as i was reaching for the covers to slide back into bed that the sound came again . 
 a high-pitched cry that raised the fine hairs on my neck and produced a cold sweat all over my body . 
 the same sort of cry i swore i 'd heard coming from the woods before at the compound . 
 needing to understand , i raced to the windows and shoved aside the curtains . 
 the courtyard glowed with lantern light below . 
 the gentle sound of music floated up on the breeze , the sound of spring . 
 beautiful ones mingled in groups , chatting and drinking from fine glasses that sparkled under the moonlight . 
 while we slept they were gathering , but gathering for what ? 
 and why were they not abed as we were ? 
 fearful i might be caught , i let the curtain fall back into place and turned toward sally , who lay curled in a ball , snoring in the bed next to mine . 
 `` sally , '' i whispered . 
 `` sally , did you hear that ? '' 
 she did n't respond . 
 frustrated , i tiptoed toward her bed and reached out , nudging her shoulder . 
 `` sally ? '' 
 she did n't even stir . 
 i shook her harder . 
 `` sally ? '' 
 nothing . 
 something was wrong . 
 frustrated , i moved toward the door . 
 i would find out why we were here , and more importantly , why tom was n't . 
 i rested my fingers on the handle and turned it . 
 the door opened easily under my touch . 
 i was surprised it was n't locked . 
 guests or prisoners ... which were we ? 
 the corridor was dark but i could hear the sounds of music and conversation from the beautiful ones below . 
 i clutched at my long , white nightgown as i moved slowly into the hall , drawn by the memory of the scream . 
 had no one else heard the sound ? 
 i was pondering knocking on the door next to ours when another scream ripped through the castle , vibrating the very walls . 
 i froze , my breath catching . 
 real . 
 it was real . 
 those nights i 'd spent wondering if the screams were something i 'd dreamt were over . 
 determined , i closed the door behind me . 
 someone needed help , and i was about to find out who . 
 although my legs trembled , i started down the hall . 
 the sounds of the gathering beautiful ones irritated me . 
 we 'd laughed , we 'd even sung upon occasion , but we 'd never seemed as happy as these people . 
 their joy , those sparkling eyes and grinning lips , made me nervous . 
 why did the screams bother no one but me ? 
 `` are they all sleeping ? '' 
 i heard our maid whisper to someone , her voice floating up the steps . 
 i paused as their shadows , elongated by the lanterns they held , morphed across the stairway . 
 `` yes , they 're out . 
 no one will wake . '' 
 `` thank god . 
 if they only knew ... '' their voices faded as they moved onto the floor below us . 
 if we only knew what ? 
 i pressed my fingers to the cold stone walls and hurried down the steps . 
 something was wrong . 
 so very wrong . 
 i peeked around the corner . 
 they were gone , having disappeared behind one of the many closed doors that lined the dark hall . 
 what were they hiding ? 
 the music and laughter grew louder , the enjoyment calling to me . 
 i 'd never heard people having such a wonderful time . 
 never heard such magical music with so many different sounds coming together , creating a melody of pure bliss . 
 even as their music called to me , my anger grew . 
 how could they laugh and enjoy life when we slept crowded in cold , drafty compounds ? 
 how could they wear beautiful , shimmering clothes when we wore dirty and worn garments ? 
 how could they ignore the screams of pain when they terrified and worried me so i could n't sleep ? 
 as the stairs ended , i paused just beside an open window , hiding in the shadows , and watched them . 
 a soft breeze swept inside , rustling my long hair and tickling my face , not that i would dare move to push it out of the way . 
 the beautiful ones milled around the courtyard , their faces so stunning they seemed unreal , almost like one of the paintings i 'd seen in my books . 
 in the far corner a group of men stood with a variety of instruments , some stringed while others were a shiny metal . 
 the scream was n't coming from the courtyard . 
 frustrated , i started to turn away when i noticed him : thanatos . 
 mesmerized , i pressed my hand to the cool , damp stone and stepped closer to the window , studying the way the lamplight made his dark hair glisten . 
 the way his eyes scanned the crowds as if looking for something or expecting someone . 
 he roamed the perimeter of the gathering like a cat hunting prey , and this time he wore no hood to cover his features . 
 those intense eyes took in everything and the scar that flashed pale in the lamplight only added to the mystery of the man . 
 who , i wondered , would have marked him , damaging such perfection , and why ? 
 i inched even closer , the tips of my bare toes touching the cold , stone wall . 
 although he was obviously a beautiful one , i realized he was n't quite a part of their society . 
 he spoke to no one , offered no smiles or even nods of acknowledgment , and patrolled the outside , never entering their groups . 
 no , he was ... different . 
 in that moment i felt almost as if i understood him , as if he could understand me , someone who had never belonged . 
 as if sensing my attention , his head jerked my way and he froze in midstep . 
 our gazes clashed and for one long moment we merely stared at each other . 
 i could n't look away , even if i had wanted to ; the man mesmerized me . 
 just as suddenly as the moment had appeared , it disappeared as he snapped his attention toward the guard closest to him . 
 i did n't wait around to try and decipher what he said . 
 horrified i 'd been caught , i spun around and raced up the stairs . 
 i 'd taken only a few steps when firm fingers bit into my upper arms . 
 a yelp escaped my lips as i was shoved into an alcove , hidden by a curtain , and pushed up against the wall . 
 i knew who had grabbed me even before i looked up , for i recognized his scent . 
 swallowing hard , i dared to tilt my head back and meet thanatos 's angry blue eyes . 
 `` what the hell are you doing out of your room ? '' 
 he hissed between clenched teeth . 
 my heart slammed wildly against my ribcage , making it hard to breathe , to concentrate . 
 `` i ... i could n't sleep . '' 
 he narrowed his eyes . 
 `` liar . 
 you 're not telling me everything . '' 
 my mouth went dry . 
 `` no , i ... '' his grip on my upper arms tightened , his lips lifting into a snarl . 
 this close i could feel his body pressed to mine , every hard muscle , even the steady beat of his heart . 
 and his scent ... his wonderful scent swirled around me , making my mind muddled . 
 `` why ? '' 
 he hissed , startling me out of my stupor . 
 `` i ... i needed to know . '' 
 he shook me , a quick jerk that had my head snapping back and almost hitting the rock wall behind me . 
 `` what ? '' 
 desperate , i looked at that curtain , but it lay securely in place , covering the alcove from prying eyes . 
 and the window that interrupted the wall was up too high for anyone to see inside . 
 i was alone with this man i barely knew . 
 i returned my attention to him , pleading with my gaze . 
 `` why are we here ? '' 
 just like that the anger seemed to drain from him . 
 he sighed , lowering his thick lashes briefly , but not before i noticed the look of torment that crossed his features . 
 `` sometimes it 's best not knowing the truth . '' 
 `` i do n't -- '' `` enough . '' 
 i wanted to ask him more questions , but he would n't have it . 
 he released his hold and shoved me out of the alcove . 
 `` go . 
 return to your room and make sure to lock your door . '' 
 i stumbled to a halt , but by the time i regained my balance and turned around , he was gone . 
 no sign or trace of him . 
 steeling my nerves , i stepped toward the alcove and moved the curtain aside . 
 empty . 
 a high-pitched scream rent the air . 
 whatever the reason for the cry , it would have to wait until tomorrow . 
 even i had my limits . 
 picking up the skirt of my nightgown so as not to trip , i raced up the stairs to my bedroom . 
 chapter 4 `` you seem tired . 
 did you not sleep well ? '' 
 sally asked , picking at her dinner of fruits and vegetables while reclining on the edge of her bed . 
 although the entire day had gone by and it was almost dusk , we still wore our only nightgowns and some sort of delicate slippers . 
 sally seemed content to lay about , lounging on her bed , bathing in the large tub and eating whenever they brought meals , but i was close to losing my mind . 
 when i 'd asked for a book to read at the midday meal , the maid had brought me the typical sort of material we 'd had back at the compound ... the history of agriculture or some such nonsense . 
 pacing back and forth all day , i thought i might go insane . 
 it had taken only a few hours for sally to settle into this life of spoils and wealth . 
 in her eyes we were owed these riches , and this was what we must get used to . 
 but how could i possibly get used to doing nothing ? 
 `` no , '' i said softly , glancing back out the windows . 
 the maid said we needed our rest for tonight 's festivities . 
 as i thought about what those festivities might include , the memory of that scream came to mind . 
 `` no , i did n't sleep well . '' 
 how could i sleep ? 
 the screaming , the maids and their odd comments , but most of all thanatos . 
 i had n't dared to rest and my body had grown exhausted and numb , my mind spinning with confusion . 
 when sally had stretched awake this morn , saying she 'd had the best sleep ever , i 'd envied her . 
 why could n't i sleep ? 
 why could n't i stop hearing the screams ? 
 why could n't i stop wondering about what was out there and be content with what i had ? 
 always searching , always needing more . 
 `` well , i slept better than i have in weeks ! '' 
 she snatched up a grape , popped it into her mouth and flung herself back onto the bed . 
 `` although , i must admit that i 'd prefer some bacon or ham . '' 
 she picked up another grape , only to look at it in disgust and toss it toward the hearth . 
 `` ugh . 
 i wonder why we 've been fed no meat . 
 perhaps they do n't like to kill animals ? '' 
 she laughed , as if the idea was ridiculous . 
 for some reason i shivered at the thought . 
 sally had placed the beautiful ones upon a pedestal . 
 to her they were the gods i 'd read about in my books . 
 but if they were so caring , why had i heard the screams ? 
 why did thanatos have a scar across his face ? 
 and why had we been living in squalor ? 
 `` perhaps . '' 
 she sighed and sat up , her long brown hair falling in waves around her narrow face . 
 `` jane , i will not let you and your dark thoughts ruin this for me . '' 
 she stood , flinging her arms wide . 
 `` look around you ! 
 cheer up , we should be happy ! '' 
 but it took more than plush beds and warm fireplaces to keep me happy . 
 there was a soft knock upon the door right before it opened . 
 the maid we 'd been assigned yesterday stepped inside , two white gowns in hand . 
 `` it 's time to dress . '' 
 `` dress for what ? '' 
 i asked warily . 
 sally shot me a look , as she rushed forward , eager to please . 
 `` what beautiful gowns ! '' 
 `` what for ? '' 
 i repeated stubbornly . 
 after overhearing her speaking to the other maid last night , i knew she was hiding something . 
 and when she dropped her gaze to the floor , avoiding my eyes , my suspicions were confirmed . 
 `` the celebrations , of course , '' she muttered . 
 `` leave on your slippers . '' 
 i frowned . 
 they 'd been celebrating last night when i 'd heard the screams , when thanatos had warned me to return to my room and lock the door . 
 `` celebrations ? '' 
 `` jane , '' sally said , pulling her nightgown over her head and tossing it to the bed so that she stood in only her underclothing . 
 `` do as you 're told . '' 
 `` come . 
 we do n't have time . '' 
 the maid laid our dresses on my empty bed , annoyed by my refusal to immediately cooperate . 
 `` we must dress . 
 we ca n't be late . '' 
 but no , she was n't angry , i realized as i noticed her trembling hands . 
 she was worried . 
 i stepped closer to her , hesitant , unsure . 
 `` are you well ? '' 
 she flushed , looked up at me and just as quickly refocused on the dresses . 
 `` of course i 'm well . 
 now dress . '' 
 `` last night -- '' `` we are not to speak with the chosen ones , '' she stammered , her face pale . 
 so white , she almost matched the dresses . 
 chosen ones ? 
 we were the chosen ones . 
 but chosen for what , exactly ? 
 i pressed my lips tightly together , resisting the urge to question her further . 
 something or someone had terrified her . 
 i knew in that moment that sally was wrong . 
 so very wrong . 
 no matter how soft the beds , how beautiful the clothing , we were not here to be rewarded . 
 `` your gown . '' 
 she held out a dress for sally . 
 sally 's lips formed a perfect circle of awe , her gasp an audible sound of surprise and delight . 
 if only i could accept things as she did , my life would have been so much easier . 
 she stepped into the gown impatiently , eager to be crowned the princess she was so sure she would become . 
 the white dress molded to her lithe body , but it was the intricate pattern atop the smooth material , a design that reminded me of spider webs , that caught my attention . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 sally ask , gently touching the design . 
 `` lace , '' the maid replied . 
 `` sewn by hand by the women below stairs . '' 
 lace . 
 i 'd read about lace in my books . 
 books i 'd always assumed were fantastical stories made up by a crazed mind . 
 `` my goodness , '' sally whispered . 
 `` i 've never owned anything so beautiful . '' 
 i reluctantly admitted to myself that she did look pretty . 
 unwillingly , i inched closer , drawn to the delicate design . 
 but before i could reach out and touch it on my own , the maid spun around to face me . 
 `` you 're next . '' 
 startled , i drew back . 
 `` no , i -- '' `` you have no choice , '' she snapped , lifting the other gown . 
 no choice . 
 i 'd never had any choice , and here , apparently , it was no different . 
 i stared blankly at the dress , trying to make sense of the style . 
 it had no sleeves , but merely some sort of tight top and long skirt that flared out at the bottom . 
 `` i do n't understand , where are the sleeves ? '' 
 she looked tired , exhausted by my many questions . 
 `` just undress . '' 
 i ignored sally 's glare and reluctantly , i took off my nightgown . 
 we 'd worn the same sort of plain clothing my entire life , nothing had changed . 
 but here i 'd seen a variety of outfits . 
 perhaps this style was normal here . 
 so for now i 'd wear the dress . 
 for now i 'd play along . 
 but i did n't trust her , i did n't trust the beautiful ones and i did n't trust this new , perfect world . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 she started to reach for my neck . 
 i pressed my hand to my chest , covering tom 's wooden rose . 
 `` it 's mine . '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` well , you ca n't wear it . '' 
 i tilted my chin high in a stubborn look . 
 `` i wo n't take it off . '' 
 `` fine . 
 what do i care ? 
 step into the dress . '' 
 she held the skirts wide and i stepped into the pool of white . 
 as she pulled the gown upward , the smooth material skimmed my body , hugging my curves . 
 for a brief moment my nervousness gave way . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 i whispered in awe , running my hands down the skirt . 
 `` satin . '' 
 satin ? 
 another material i 'd read about . 
 if lace and satin were real , what else might be truth ? 
 she pulled the dress tight around my chest , fastening it in the back . 
 i 'd never worn something so fitted and was torn between admiring the gown and grabbing the blanket from my bed to cover myself . 
 my breasts were pushed embarrassingly high and with my arms exposed i felt almost naked . 
 i was showing much more of my body than should have been appropriate here ; it certainly would not have been appropriate back home . 
 the maid stepped back and looked me over , then glanced at sally . 
 `` you two will do . 
 they will enjoy the look . 
 you 're both pretty enough , not that your looks will matter much here . 
 no one compares to the beautiful ones . '' 
 i frowned , confused . 
 sally , too , looked uncertain for the first time since our arrival . 
 was she finally starting to question the many odd things that had happened ? 
 or was it merely that her feelings had been hurt ? 
 `` come along . '' 
 the maid started toward the door . 
 `` perhaps they are bonding us with the males , '' sally whispered as we followed the maid . 
 bonding ? 
 as in the marriages i 'd read about in my books ? 
 `` perhaps , '' i murmured , hoping it was anything but that . 
 as we stepped into the hall , i was n't exactly surprised to see the other women who had entered the city on those wagons with us . 
 they were all dressed just as elegantly , some with their hair up , others with their hair down , as sally and i wore ours . 
 was it possible we were all to be married ? 
 we formed a single line and quietly headed down the stairs , following the maids . 
 the excitement of yesterday had finally given way to nerves . 
 the dark corridors and dreary castle did not improve my mood . 
 when i peeked out the windows it was to see the sun hovering behind the stone homes that lined the streets below . 
 scores of beautiful ones were strolling through the gates , chatting merrily together . 
 for some reason their presence surprised me . 
 there really was a celebration of some sort and we were apparently the main attraction . 
 panic flared . 
 i pressed my hand to the cold stone wall as we made our way down the narrow steps ; i needed the support . 
 `` you will wait at the bottom of the stairs , '' our maid said . 
 `` then you will head into the main room for the celebration . '' 
 but the closer we got to that main floor , the more frantic my heart beat . 
 my lungs seemed to shrink and i was finding it hard to breathe . 
 i could n't go in there . 
 halfway down the steps , i saw that alcove where thanatos had pushed me last night . 
 it was my chance , my only chance . 
 `` sally , '' i whispered . 
 `` i do n't think we should go down there . '' 
 `` do n't be ridiculous , '' she snapped . 
 with an angry swirl of her skirts , she pushed her way between the women in front of us and hurried down the steps away from me . 
 but i could n't go on . 
 the world around me spun ; i felt dizzy . 
 so dizzy . 
 `` go ahead , '' i whispered to the girl behind me . 
 she glanced at me curiously , but she and her friends moved forward , following the maids , not wanting to miss their chance . 
 i took a step back , stumbling over a stone step and falling to my bottom . 
 i could n't go in there ... not without knowing why we were here . 
 i certainly would be no one 's servant , and i would n't be bound to a man i 'd never met . 
 desperate to escape my impending future , i darted into that familiar alcove , hiding behind the curtain . 
 it was only as the material fell into place , hiding me from view , that i could finally breathe with some normalcy . 
 yes , it was a false sense of security , but i felt protected , hidden in that space . 
 the sound of footsteps faded as the last of them made it down the stairs . 
 i did n't bother to think about the rationality of my plan . 
 i could n't explain my actions , not even to myself . 
 a bell rang out , clear and beautiful , mocking the state of my frayed nerves . 
 startled , i peeked through the narrow window that overlooked the common room below . 
 it was a large area with ceilings so high they faded into darkness . 
 iron sconces with candles hung from beams and some sort of platform rested at the far end . 
 there were multiple tables filled with candlelight and fruits and steaming vegetables . 
 it was a celebration fit for royalty . 
 so why , i wondered , had we been invited ? 
 the doors at the far left opened , splashing the area with the remaining light from the setting sun . 
 beautiful ones swept inside . 
 my fingers curled around the window ledge . 
 if i left now i might still be able to enter that room with the others and receive the reward sally seemed to think we would get . 
 or ... or i could leave . 
 escape this perfect town , with its perfect people , and head out into the world . 
 uncover what was truly out there . 
 at least a hundred beautiful ones settled below at their elegantly decorated tables . 
 their colorful clothing flashed and sparkled under the low lamplight , making them shine with perfection . 
 even their pale skin matched the color of their porcelain plates . 
 their smiles were ready and their conversation no doubtless witty , their laughter contagious . 
 and that was the problem ... they were too perfect . 
 when i looked around , no one here resembled us , with our tanned skin and plain hair . 
 no , the only people i saw who looked like us were the servants . 
 servants who averted their gazes , who moved woodenly across the room , bringing trays of fruits and vegetables . 
 `` friends come , be settled , '' ares called out and the conversation died down . 
 `` he has arrived . '' 
 they all turned toward the doors . 
 the man who entered was unlike anyone i 'd ever seen before . 
 he wore a rich blue shirt of some sort of soft-looking material , and black trousers that fitted his muscular body . 
 but it was his long , white hair that caught me off guard . 
 he was as stunning as the others , but there was more to him ; something i could n't quite explain , yet something that drew me to him , made me want to be near . 
 a born leader , tom would have claimed . 
 the woman who entered at his side was his opposite with dark hair , but she was just as beautiful in a flowing blue dress that accentuated her lush curves . 
 `` spring is upon us , my friends . 
 as the days grow warmer , so do our hearts and affection toward each other . '' 
 he took the woman 's arm and led her down the middle aisle toward two chairs that had been placed on the platform . 
 `` i am so very proud of what we have accomplished . 
 every day gets better , every month a joy . 
 i wake with a song in my heart and excitement for what will be . 
 a future of bliss with you . '' 
 it was certainly a positive speech full of goodwill . 
 the entire room broke into applause , the walls shaking with the force of their happiness and excitement . 
 i wanted to relax , even told myself that i had nothing to worry about . 
 they were merely enjoying the changing season . 
 but i held back . 
 something deep down told me to stay put . 
 reaching the platform , the beautiful couple paused and looked out over their adoring crowd . 
 obviously they were leaders of some sort , as not one person moved until they were seated . 
 `` now , shall we enjoy this fine meal in celebration of spring feast ? '' 
 as the beautiful ones cheered , the men and women i 'd arrived with suddenly appeared . 
 standing in two rows , male and female , those chosen from the compounds entered . 
 women dressed in white gowns and men in black suits . 
 they looked lovely , although our maid had been right : they still paled in comparison to the beautiful ones around them . 
 i waited , breath held , as they walked slowly down the aisle , two by two . 
 the guards with scarred faces led a chosen one to each table . 
 it was as the last of the chosen ones stepped inside that i spotted sally . 
 she stopped below where i stood . 
 sally , who looked beautiful yet nervous in her lace gown . 
 she knew something was n't right and glanced nervously around the room . 
 was she looking for me ? 
 `` sally , '' i whispered . 
 my heart hammered so loudly i could barely hear the conversation below . 
 something was wrong . 
 so very wrong . 
 run ! 
 i wanted to scream , but i remained silent , unable to get the word past my lips as i stood frozen in place as if watching some sort of horrible play below . 
 the guards stepped forward , one wrapping his large hands around sally 's waist and suddenly she , along with the other chosen ones , was lifted onto a table , her slippered feet silent upon the wooden planks . 
 `` lie down , '' i heard a guard demand . 
 sally shook her head , terrified . 
 but the guard did n't care . 
 he shoved his hand into her chest , sending her stumbling back until her bottom hit the table . 
 two beautiful ones grabbed her arms , while two more held her legs . 
 around the room , men and women were being pinned to the tabletops . 
 `` let go ! '' 
 sally cried out , struggling to break free , but she was no match . 
 the screams of the chosen ones pierced the festivities , echoing against the stone walls and combining in a cacophony that drummed against my ears . 
 `` no , '' i whispered . 
 `` no ! '' 
 but my cry merely blended into the other screams . 
 screams so very similar to the screams i 'd heard at the compound , the screams i 'd heard last night , that suddenly i understood . 
 the hairs on the back of my neck stood on end . 
 we were not here to be married , to be servants , nor to become part of their beautiful city . 
 i stood mesmerized as one of the beautiful ones , the man holding sally 's left arm to the table , leaned over her , pressing his lips to her neck . 
 i thought for a moment he was kissing her ... until i saw the blood . 
 men and women lay pinned to tabletops as the beautiful ones took turns , sinking their teeth into their necks . 
 frantic , i jerked my gaze to sally 's face . 
 she 'd gone pale , her eyes wide , her mouth opened into a permanent scream . 
 and blood ... so much blood seeped from her neck , matting her hair and soaking her beautiful white dress , as it spread across the table in a dark red pool . 
 a beautiful woman laughed in delight , holding her goblet to the edge of the table and catching the blood dripping ... dripping into her cup . 
 `` no , '' i whispered , stumbling back from the window . 
 `` no . '' 
 the room around me spun , the light fading as my mind denied the horror i 'd witnessed below . 
 it was a dream , all a horrible , terrible nightmare . 
 my legs went weak and i knew i was going to faint . 
 before my knees buckled and i sank to the ground , a solid arm wrapped around my waist and pulled me into a hard body . 
 the world came sharply back into focus . 
 terrified , i opened my mouth to scream when a hand clamped over my lips , trapping the cry . 
 `` shut up , '' a familiar voice hissed in my ear . 
 thanatos . 
 `` shut up . '' 
 i trembled in his arms , but did n't dare move . 
 `` will you be quiet ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i gave a quick nod of my head . 
 `` good . '' 
 he released his hold , only to grab my hand and tug me from the alcove . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 as i twisted to follow him , i felt the twine around my neck snap . 
 `` no ! '' 
 my rose necklace fell , spinning and twirling through the air . 
 tom 's rose . 
 i reached for it , but it was too late . 
 i could only watch it tumble and bounce across the stone as thanatos pulled me away to no doubt take me to the horrors waiting below . 
 chapter 5 it was only as thanatos turned left , instead of right and we headed up the stairs that i realized he was n't taking me below . 
 my fear did n't ease ; if anything , i became more nervous . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 he tightened his grip on my hand , almost too tight . 
 `` away . '' 
 away so he could murder me as his friends had done to sally ? 
 i would n't accept his answers as truth like the others had . 
 i had n't escaped the horrors of the dining room only to be murdered in a narrow , dark hall . 
 bracing my slippered feet against the cold floor , i pulled back . 
 `` let me go ! '' 
 he tugged me forward so hard that i fell into him , his cold gaze on me . 
 `` stop , you idiot , i 'm trying to save you ! 
 but if you do n't shut up , you 'll get us both killed . '' 
 saving me ? 
 no , i would n't believe him . 
 i could n't . 
 `` sally . '' 
 i shook my head , trying to pull away from him . 
 there was no way i 'd trust this man , or monster ... whatever he was . 
 `` i ca n't leave sally . '' 
 i tried to escape , but he pulled back even harder , practically snapping my arm from the socket . 
 `` you ca n't ! '' 
 `` please ! '' 
 with a growl , he gripped my shoulders and shoved me against the wall . 
 my spine pressed uncomfortably into the stone and i squirmed , attempting to ease the pain . 
 `` we ca n't save your friend . 
 understand ? 
 she 's already dead ! '' 
 `` no ! 
 she is n't ! '' 
 i pushed at his hands , but he would n't release me . 
 he was too strong . 
 frustrated , exhausted , terrified , i finally gave up and slumped against the wall , tears burning my eyes . 
 `` why ? 
 why did they do it ? '' 
 `` i do n't have time to explain and we ca n't go back . '' 
 he grabbed my hand and once again led me down a dark corridor . 
 `` you go back , you 're dead and probably me as well . 
 i 'm sure as hell not going to let that happen . '' 
 i was confused by his persistence ; did n't understand why he was saving me . 
 but as i looked up into his hard , uncompromising face , i realized he was actually telling me the truth . 
 for some reason he was going to help me escape . 
 unfortunately he expected me to leave them all -- every single one of them -- behind to be murdered . 
 more screams rent the air , terrified , pain-filled screams that had me flinching and stumbling in my terror . 
 `` one chance , jane , '' he whispered furiously . 
 `` this is your one chance to escape . 
 if you go back , you die along with them . '' 
 not just die , but die painfully . 
 i dared to glance behind us , but could see nothing in the dark corridor . 
 how i hated him for making me choose . 
 i 'd seen people die before , not often , but i had witnessed death . 
 five years ago , two men had gotten into a fight over a girl in the compound and arnie had hit his head , dying almost immediately . 
 but never had i seen someone deliberately destroy another person . 
 who were they ? 
 why would they do such a thing ? 
 thanatos pulled me left , down a narrow hall . 
 i followed him numbly , my body no longer my own . 
 i could n't think ; if i thought too much i would panic . 
 i was n't sure how long we ran , how many dark halls we followed , twisting through the castle , but somehow thanatos managed to dart down the corridors without running into a single dead-end . 
 i did n't trust him , but i had no other choice . 
 `` almost there , '' he whispered , stopping so suddenly at the end of a hall that i fell into him . 
 not that he noticed . 
 no , he was all stillness and concentration as he peered around us , searching for the enemy . 
 the sound of laughter sent a cold chill over my body . 
 beautiful ones , so close that i could hear their conversation . 
 `` hurry , there will be nothing left for us , '' a woman warned . 
 `` you know the best pickings go fast . '' 
 `` then we 'll find our own , '' a man replied . 
 `` we have n't hunted in weeks . '' 
 `` you know dionysus does n't want us hunting . '' 
 `` what he does n't know , wo n't hurt him . '' 
 i closed my eyes , biting my lip and leaning against the cold stone wall as i resisted the urge to bolt in terror and give away our hiding place . 
 their laughter and conversation faded as they disappeared downstairs . 
 `` we have only minutes , '' thanatos said , as if sensing my unease . 
 `` there is no time to panic . '' 
 i 'd been right to be wary of the beautiful ones . 
 the screams i 'd heard had not been nightmares as tom had claimed . 
 tom , who was at another compound , completely oblivious to what was here , awaiting him . 
 waiting , waiting to be murdered , trusting the beautiful ones . 
 `` this way . '' 
 thanatos grabbed my hand and jerked me down another corridor . 
 even if we managed to escape , where would we go ? 
 there were so many guards , so many beautiful ones . 
 `` thanatos -- '' `` shhh , '' he whispered , pausing . 
 i heard nothing . 
 no screams . 
 no music . 
 no laughter . 
 only the soft drip of water from somewhere . 
 tap , tap ... no . 
 not water . 
 i stiffened , fear churning in my stomach . 
 it was the sound of footsteps and they were coming closer ... closer . 
 `` damn . '' 
 thanatos shoved me behind him just as a beautiful one rounded the corner . 
 that pure , unblemished face turned immediately toward us , but it was the brilliant red shirt that reminded me all too well of the blood i 'd seen draining from sally 's body that made me ill . 
 my fingers curled , the nails biting into my palms until i was sure i 'd draw my own blood . 
 seeing us , the man paused , his dark brows coming together in bemused confusion . 
 `` thanatos , what brings you to this part of the castle ? '' 
 `` i was asked to retrieve dionysus 's chosen one . '' 
 dionysus ? 
 was he the beautiful one in charge ? 
 the very man responsible for this hell ? 
 as if sensing my questions , the man glanced at me , his gaze cold and assessing . 
 i could , perhaps , hide my disgust , but i could n't hide the shiver of fear that went through me . 
 `` i see . '' 
 there was a moment 's pause as he glanced at me once more . 
 how could someone so beautiful be so vile ? 
 `` well then , i wo n't keep you . '' 
 thanatos nodded . 
 `` of course . '' 
 if we got rid of him , we could escape . 
 time was ticking . 
 sally might be gone , but i could return to the compound and warn the others before it was too late . 
 my sister , my brothers , tom . 
 `` oh thanatos , '' the man said . 
 i almost moaned . 
 why ? 
 why could n't he leave ? 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` you forgot something . '' 
 he smiled as he reached out and grabbed thanatos by the shirt , tugging him forward . 
 `` dionysus already feasted . '' 
 his lips lifted into a snarl that showed brilliantly white , pointed canines . 
 `` you know your kind does not get first dibs . 
 did you think to hide her for your own ? '' 
 thanatos shoved his hands into the man 's chest , sending him back , hitting me . 
 i cried out as i lost my balance and stumbled to the ground , scraping my arm on the metal hinge of a door . 
 my head hit the stone . 
 stars burst before my eyes , the corridor spinning . 
 the numbness on my arm gave way to stinging pain as blood trailed down my forearm . 
 vaguely , i was aware of the two beautiful ones fighting , a blur of shadows and strength , the sickening sound of fists hitting flesh . 
 fighting like i 'd never seen before . 
 we 'd been caught . 
 it would take only one cry to sound the alarm and we 'd never escape . 
 somehow i managed to press my hands into the cold stone and sit up . 
 i had to find a weapon , something , anything , to help . 
 before i had time to stand , thanatos wrapped his arm around the man 's neck . 
 `` sorry , but i have to . '' 
 for a horrified moment as i sat there on the ground , everything slowed down . 
 thanatos jerked the man 's head back so hard that it was over before i could even draw breath . 
 the beautiful one 's body fell to the ground , but his head was still in thanatos 's hands . 
 a terrified cry rose up in my throat . 
 `` do n't scream , '' thanatos whispered , dropping the head with a thud . 
 it went bounding down the hall like a ball , leaving behind a trail of blood that spurted across my skirts like red ribbons twirling through the air . 
 bile rose in my throat and i gagged , my stomach convulsing . 
 `` up . '' 
 thanatos grabbed my arm and jerked me to my feet . 
 but my body was no longer my own . 
 my knees buckled and i had to slump against the wall for support . 
 i did n't dare look at the bloody corpse littering the hall , knowing i 'd completely lose control of what little grasp i had on my sanity . 
 i swore i could smell the scent of death ; it permeated the air , soaked into my clothing and hair . 
 `` you ... you killed him . '' 
 `` i had to . '' 
 his face was all harsh , uncompromising planes . 
 `` he would have told the others of my involvement and they ca n't know . '' 
 he looked completely unconcerned with what he had done . 
 as if tearing off someone 's head was an everyday occurrence . 
 i could n't imagine what sort of strength must have been contained within his body . 
 he was a murderer , he took the lives of others without second thought , yet he was saving me . 
 `` why ? 
 why help me ? '' 
 `` i thought you had promise . '' 
 i did n't miss the derision in his voice . 
 `` now i ca n't let you go because you might rat me out . '' 
 oh god , he was going to kill me . 
 `` i ... i wo n't . '' 
 he grabbed my hand and pulled me forward , his furious face mere inches from mine . 
 `` it 's either help you escape , or kill you . 
 which do you prefer ? '' 
 merry , laughing voices echoed down the hall , coming closer . 
 more beautiful ones . 
 they would see that head , they would see the blood and they would cry the alarm . 
 `` hurry ! '' 
 he pulled me up a narrow flight of steps , so fast my feet barely touched the ground . 
 at the first door he shoved it wide , tossed me inside , and closed it , locking us in a small storage room of some sort . 
 `` we need to leave now . '' 
 he leapt over a pile of trunks and headed to the only window , pulling aside the linen curtains . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i demanded , tired of the lies . 
 `` why are they murdering us ? '' 
 `` jane , '' he hissed , snapping his annoyed gaze toward me . 
 `` we do n't have time ! '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i demanded again through gritted teeth . 
 i 'd had enough , and i deserved to know . 
 enough of the running . 
 enough of the fear . 
 enough of the death . 
 `` for food , for nourishment . '' 
 he threw his arms wide , as if it was all so obvious . 
 `` as you feed off a chicken or cow , they feed on human blood . '' 
 horrified , stunned , i sank onto a trunk . 
 they fed on us ? 
 we were n't here as servants , or even worse , to be one of them , we were here as their food . 
 but it was n't they , it was him as well . 
 thanatos was a beautiful one , was n't he ? 
 `` we need to jump . '' 
 dare i trust him ? 
 i shook my head , confused . 
 `` jump ? '' 
 `` can you swim ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 i had no idea if i could swim , i 'd never tried , and i did n't like where this was headed . 
 maybe i could n't trust him . 
 maybe the man he 'd killed was right and thanatos merely wanted to get me alone to murder me as the other beautiful ones had murdered sally . 
 maybe ... `` i wo n't let you drown . '' 
 he lifted his hand , urging me . 
 `` come on . 
 i know you do n't trust me , but you really have no other choice . '' 
 he was right . 
 as i looked up into thanatos 's eyes i knew in that moment , at least , i had no alternative . 
 i stepped closer and , steeling my nerves , i slid my hand into his . 
 his grip was strong , too strong , and the image of the man 's head being snapped from his body instantly came to mind . 
 when thanatos lifted me onto the windowsill , i did n't cower at the distance below , nor the river sparkling in the moonlight . 
 i 'd already looked death in the eyes , i had nothing to fear . 
 nothing but thanatos . 
 he jumped up behind me , his body pressed to mine , his breath warm on my neck . 
 i shivered at his touch , unsure if i should be relieved or repulsed . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 i did n't respond and he did n't ask again . 
 instead , he held my hand and jumped into the night , pulling me off the ledge with him . 
 the cool air rushed around me , tugging at my hair as for a brief moment i flew , my skirts flapping in the wind . 
 and in that moment , nothing mattered . 
 i felt ... free . 
 then i hit the cold water and my numbness gave way to a startling reality . 
 my skirts puffed up around me and i sank , pulled under by the weight of my body and my clothing . 
 i pressed my lips together , holding my breath as the water rushed over my head , enclosing me in a cold , dark tomb . 
 thanatos 's arms were suddenly gone . 
 panicked , i opened my eyes , searching the darkness for him . 
 i could see nothing . 
 i spun around , but my skirts tangled around my legs , pulling me deeper ... deeper ... frantic , i flung my arms forward , searching for something , anything , to grab onto . 
 just when my lungs began to burn and i was sure i would drown in a pool of darkness , firm fingers wrapped around my wrist . 
 suddenly , i was being dragged upward . 
 my head broke through the surface and instinctively i opened my mouth , sucking in a great gulp of cold air , barely aware as thanatos dragged me toward the shore . 
 but i still had water in my lungs , and i ended up coughing . 
 `` quiet , '' he snapped , releasing me so i fell onto the grassy bank . 
 `` there are guards everywhere . '' 
 i coughed again and the more i tried to repress it , the worse it became . 
 desperate , i rolled over , pressing my face into the grass . 
 finally , after a few moments of hacking , during which i was positive we would be caught , the coughing slowed . 
 i shoved my hands into the ground and i tried to stand , but my skirts weighed too much and i slipped , falling hard to my knees . 
 although pebbles bit into my tender flesh , i could n't seem to summon up the energy to move . 
 `` damn . '' 
 thanatos reached out , scooping me up into his arms as if i weighed nothing . 
 `` if you can manage to be quiet , we might escape . '' 
 i shoved my hands against his hard chest . 
 `` do n't touch me ! '' 
 he ignored my cry . 
 perhaps i was exhausted , or maybe the fear was making me stupid , but when he held me close , i could only see sally , bloody and dying . 
 i did n't want him to put his arms around me , i did n't want anyone to touch me ... certainly not a beautiful one . 
 thanatos set me on a stone wall . 
 terrified , cold , i sat there shivering . 
 we were on the outskirts of the village , and just beyond the wall were trees . 
 and beyond those trees ... who knew ? 
 freedom ? 
 `` what will we do ? '' 
 he stepped so close my knees pressed into his muscled stomach . 
 `` listen to me . '' 
 so close , his warm breath whispered across my lips . 
 i wanted to pull back , i could n't . 
 my head pounded and my body felt like ice , but he was warm , so warm , and i had to resist the urge to lean into him . 
 `` what are you ? '' 
 i whispered , hating him , hating his people , hating that he had stopped in front of me at the compound . 
 at the same time i knew i needed him , and i hated that most of all . 
 `` we have to get you out of here now , '' he replied , as if he had n't heard me . 
 his hair hung in dark , wet clumps that sent drops of water trailing down the hard contours of his face . 
 `` no turning back . 
 it 's too late to save anyone but yourself , understand ? '' 
 his words stabbed into my chest like a knife to the heart . 
 too late . 
 i could n't go back . 
 ever . 
 my life , as i 'd always known it , was over . 
 sally was dead . 
 tom , my sister , my brothers ... they would be next . 
 `` can you walk ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i could n't seem to respond . 
 my throat had gone dry . 
 my tongue would n't form words . 
 unwillingly , my gaze slid to the castle where the windows were aglow , the festivities , the murders , continued without me . 
 how many more would die before this night was over ? 
 thanatos suddenly gripped my upper arms . 
 `` jane , can you walk ? '' 
 angry , i shoved his hands away and slid to the ground , only for my legs to give out . 
 before i fell to the dirt , he scooped me up and settled me on the wall once more . 
 angry , i shoved my hands into his hard chest . 
 `` do n't touch ... '' the sudden loud clang of a bell startled me . 
 `` hell , '' he muttered . 
 `` they know . '' 
 he gripped the sides of my face , holding me captive and forcing me to keep still when all i wanted to do was shove him away and run . 
 `` look at me . '' 
 frantically , i met his gaze . 
 `` do n't look away . '' 
 and i did n't . 
 not because i did n't want to , but because for some reason the moment i met his ice-blue eyes i could n't look away , could n't even move . 
 time flashed by , the sound of the warning bell disappeared , the world faded as i sank heavily into his gaze . 
 the pain , the memories of blood , the fear ... gone . 
 i was no longer aware of the world , of anything ; only thanatos . 
 a lovely warmth swept through my veins , making me sink into my own body , relaxed , at ease . 
 my lids felt suddenly heavy . 
 so tired . 
 `` what are you ... '' before i could get the words out , the light faded , and just as suddenly i sank into beautiful , peaceful nothingness . 
 chapter 6 it was the rain that woke me . 
 a biting drizzle that pattered against my face and arms like tiny pebbles thrown by angry hands , stinging my skin so that i was forced to either wake or die from the elements . 
 i was cold . 
 so very cold . 
 shivering , i opened my eyes . 
 the world around me wavered in and out of focus ; a myriad of blues , grays and greens that swirled together like spilled paint . 
 where was i ? 
 i curled my fingers , feeling damp grass , gritty wet earth that sank beneath my fingernails . 
 i grimaced , the air too cold and the light above , no matter how dull , making my aching head pound . 
 too soon . 
 i 'd opened my eyes too soon . 
 dizzy , i waited for a moment until my body and mind connected . 
 another moment just to make sure . 
 when i finally felt somewhat normal , i shoved my palms into the grass and slowly sat up . 
 but the world still spun . 
 confused and unsure , i realized that i sat in the middle of a field , trees in the distance , nothing else . 
 i touched my bare shoulders , coated with a fine mist of rain . 
 and then i noticed the dress . 
 the large white dress with the puffy skirt wavering in and out of focus ... a skirt covered in blood . 
 rusty-colored blood . 
 the memories rushed back , bursting through my mind with a clarity that had me gasping . 
 i pressed my trembling hands to my temples , as if that could stop the images . 
 `` no . 
 no . 
 no ! '' 
 sally was gone . 
 dead . 
 not just dead , but murdered . 
 blood , so much blood . 
 terror had me stumbling to my feet , but my knees would n't hold and i fell to the damp ground with a sob . 
 dead . 
 destroyed . 
 torn apart . 
 tears raced unheeded down my chilled face . 
 murderers . 
 monsters . 
 thanatos . 
 the sound of his name seemed to whisper to me on the breeze . 
 my heart slammed wildly in my chest , fear bitter on my tongue . 
 frantic , i looked around . 
 alone . 
 i sat in the middle of a hill of weeds and clover , the perimeter of the field lined with thick forests , dark forests . 
 gray clouds hovered low in the sky , tumbling and rolling menacingly toward me . 
 where was i ? 
 where was thanatos ? 
 where was the castle ? 
 i did n't dare call out for help . 
 no , i needed to find somewhere to hide before they found me . 
 thunder rumbled a warning . 
 i grabbed my skirts , bundling them close . 
 a chill wind swept across the field like ripples on a pond , peppering my bare arms with bumps , insisting i go . 
 hide . 
 it was all the urging i needed . 
 i jumped to my feet , tripping over my skirt in the process . 
 shelter . 
 shelter . 
 i swiped at my damp cheeks . 
 to the unprepared traveler the weather might mean disaster , but it was what i needed to spur me into action . 
 murdering demons i did n't understand , but a storm , at least , i knew . 
 i had to take cover ... to hide somewhere ... but where ? 
 a twig snapped . 
 i sucked in a sharp breath and froze there in the middle of the field while the rain slashed mercilessly down . 
 the musky scent of damp earth that surrounded me seemed almost oppressive . 
 slowly , i scanned the area , my skin prickling . 
 a deer bolted across the field , bounding over the weeds in graceful arcs that at any other time i might have admired . 
 my fear turned to relief . 
 i 'd seen deer along the outside of the fence , but never out in the wild and for a moment i watched her until she jumped into the trees that grew along the perimeter . 
 it was only as the animal disappeared into the forest that i realized there were so many places to hide . 
 so many shadows . 
 the silence almost overwhelming , watchful . 
 who was out there ? 
 slowly , i turned . 
 all around me the world went on , and on and on . 
 there was no fence . 
 there was only space . 
 pure , open sky . 
 rolling green hills . 
 grass , so , so soft . 
 my heart sped up , whether from hope or despair , i was n't sure . 
 i 'd wanted this . 
 for so many years i 'd dreamt of this moment . 
 but now that i was out in the world i felt only terror . 
 alone . 
 so much space . 
 anything could be out there waiting . 
 alone . 
 alone . 
 a twig snapped , the sound echoing across the field . 
 i spun around . 
 another deer hopped through the tall grass , disappearing into the trees . 
 and i was alone once more . 
 the world felt as dark and heavy as the clouds above . 
 thunder growled , rumbling like an irate mutt warning of attack . 
 i had to get out of there and fast . 
 `` shelter , '' i whispered . 
 `` need to find shelter . '' 
 i stumbled back , tripping on the hem of my dress , and almost fell to my face . 
 with a growl of frustration , i jerked the long skirts up into my arms and bundled them close to my chest . 
 i could n't return to the compound . 
 i could n't return to the city . 
 i had ... nowhere , nothing . 
 rain trailed down my face , dripping like needles to my shoulders . 
 with no other alternative , i fled toward the forest , seeking shelter where i could . 
 why would thanatos risk his life to save me , only to leave me here to die from the elements ? 
 unless he had n't been saving me after all . 
 maybe he had been stealing away to feed off of me , yet had been interrupted and decided to dump my body here . 
 just inside the woods , i paused a moment , letting my eyes adjust to the lack of light . 
 around me large trees grew in abundance , their roots inching under the ground , while their branches and the new spring leaves formed a natural roof above . 
 the forest stretched on and on forever , into another world . 
 a world of shelter and safety . 
 perhaps it was only a façade of safety , but for now it would do . 
 `` amazing , '' i whispered . 
 clutching my skirts , i made my way through the trees , marveling over each and every tiny thing i found . 
 orange mushrooms with funny pointed hats . 
 small white flowers that reminded me of the stars at night . 
 beetles that scurried back and forth attempting to get away from the rain that managed to pierce the branches . 
 it was a land of mysteries , a land of so much more than i 'd expected ; it was exactly what i had always wanted to see , what i 'd always dreamt of . 
 exactly as my books described . 
 for a second , only a second , i thought i might be dreaming . 
 gingerly , i reached out and ran my fingers down the damp bark of a nearby oak tree , over the soft moss clinging to the trunk . 
 beautiful and real . 
 so real . 
 so many mysteries . 
 my awe overtook any feelings of fear . 
 but it was as i was turning that i spotted something odd ... something not of nature . 
 or so it did n't seem . 
 the wonders of the forest forgotten , i moved around the trees , toward the large , rounded object . 
 the closer i got , the more confused i became . 
 what was it ? 
 as large as a carriage , but it looked like no wagon i had ever seen . 
 i tripped on a large chunk of rock , my thin slippers providing little protection . 
 but as i crouched to rub my aching toes i realized it was n't rock at all , but one of many pieces of some sort of dark material that trailed ahead almost like a road ... a broken road . 
 pulled by some strange desire , i stepped from piece to piece , following the broken bits toward that large object that looked like a carriage . 
 `` do n't touch it , '' tom 's voice whispered through my mind . 
 `` go back . 
 hide . '' 
 i ignored the voice . 
 there were large gaping windows in the front , back , and on the sides of the carriage . 
 weeds and moss crawled up the doors , coating it in a green blanket that said it must have been sitting there for quite some time . 
 `` curiosity killed the cat , '' sally 's voice whispered . 
 `` you 're in prison , '' i whispered harshly to tom . 
 `` and you 're dead , '' i snapped at sally . 
 `` so both of you shut up ! '' 
 i stepped onto a stretch of road and suddenly i was next to the object , so close i could smell the scent of earth , moss and ... metal ? 
 `` what do you think it is ? '' 
 i whispered to no one . 
 vaguely i realized that if i was talking to myself , i must be going insane , but i pushed the thought aside . 
 talking made me feel better , and not so alone . 
 made me forget , for a moment , that i was shaking with cold and fear . 
 as i dared to step closer , something crunched under my feet . 
 `` how strange . '' 
 i bent down and found pieces of what looked to be broken glass sparkling under the low light that seeped through the branches . 
 i was right ; the carriage had had windows . 
 i reached out and touched the horseless vehicle . 
 through the moss that covered it , i could see something that looked almost like metal . 
 i reached out , pulling the moss from the frame and ran my hands over the surface . 
 when i brought my fingers back i found the telltale mark of rust on my skin . 
 i glanced at the object again . 
 yes , rust . 
 the massive object was metal . 
 `` what is it , '' i murmured , slowly making my way around the metal beast . 
 `` do n't touch it , '' tom whispered . 
 i frowned , annoyed . 
 what did he know anyway ? 
 nothing , because he had n't read the books i had read , he had n't studied in school the way i had . 
 a million thoughts raced through my mind , things that i did n't quite understand , memories from the books about societies i 'd never known . 
 but one novel rang out true and clear ... george orwell 's nineteen eighty-four . 
 a book that had seemed so strange and foreign at the time i could n't possibly understand it . 
 a book about wars , dominant societies and lost civilizations . 
 i stepped back from the metal object , trying to take it all in , but in the end i just shook my head in bemusement . 
 `` another world ? 
 a long-lost society ? '' 
 `` no . 
 it ca n't be , '' tom whispered . 
 yet , something odd had happened long ago , was still happening . 
 he could n't deny what we could see around us . 
 slowly , i moved around the large metal object , only to see another about ten feet away . 
 no , not just one more ... many . 
 they formed a row , almost as if they 'd been placed in a line , abandoned along a road of some sort . 
 a twig snapped . 
 i froze , thoughts about the metal carriage falling to the wayside . 
 my gaze darted around the forest , attempting to decipher movement in those shadows . 
 another deer ? 
 i started to turn , intending to find a place to hide when i noticed something shift in the shadows across from me , half-hidden by one of the large metal carriages . 
 my mouth went dry . 
 an animal ? 
 but as i saw the shadow move , i realized it was n't a wild animal ; no , only a human , or beautiful one would move like that . 
 frantic , i tried to find a weapon . 
 there ... only a few feet away was a chunk of black road that i might have been able to lift . 
 but before i could lunge for it , a person suddenly stood , the whites of his eyes peering at me through the shadows . 
 `` run ! '' 
 tom 's voice whispered through my mind . 
 instinctively , i spun around and bolted . 
 terror made me faster than i thought possible . 
 i raced around one of the metal boxes , weaving my way in and out , the way i 'd seen rabbits run across our commons area . 
 but i was n't used to running and my body had grown cold and numb , useless . 
 my terror could only last me so long . 
 `` damn ! '' 
 i snapped , as i stumbled , using the curse word i 'd read in one of my books . 
 i could n't die now ... not out here . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 someone called out . 
 `` trust no one , '' sally whispered . 
 i could hear the thunder of feet pounding closer ... closer . 
 rationally , i knew that i would never outrun them ... not dressed as i was with my heavy skirts weighing me down . 
 but i could n't give up . 
 i darted from the trees , fear pulsing bitterly cold through my veins and urging me on . 
 i would not die ... not after somehow escaping the castle . 
 as i was running down the hill , gripping my skirts to keep from tripping , i dared to glance back . 
 five men . 
 five men headed straight at me , their long legs eating up the hill . 
 with a cry of panic , i darted left , behind an outcropping of trees . 
 i felt my shoe slip from my left foot , but i did n't dare stop to grab it . 
 the slipper tumbled away . 
 i kicked off the other shoe and i raced barefoot down the damp grass . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 one guy called out . 
 frantic , i burst through the weeds only to pull up short as i came to another road . 
 breathing heavily , i stood there on the hard surface , tiny pebbles biting into my bare feet . 
 it was n't cobbled stone , it was n't dirt ; it was hard , jagged chunks of black , just like in the forest . 
 another road from long ago ? 
 slowly , i followed that cracked lane . 
 as the trees gave way , something else took their place . 
 buildings ... taller than the trees . 
 buildings that jutted into the sky , higher even than the castle the beautiful ones lived in . 
 some of the buildings still stood in all their glory , some were falling down into disrepair , their walls broken slabs that piled into mountainous ruins around them . 
 not just one building , but at least five . 
 no , even more in the distance . 
 eight ? 
 ten ? 
 but the buildings were strange , made with a material i 'd never seen before : smooth sides , broken angles , windows , so many windows in perfect rows . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 someone cried out from behind me . 
 horrified , i spun around , having for a brief moment forgotten about the men chasing me . 
 too late . 
 they stood as a small group watching me through narrowed eyes . 
 a couple held sticks of some sort , a few held swords . 
 even though they were dressed in plain brown clothing , their faces too dirty and tanned to be beautiful ones , i still trembled in fear . 
 `` do n't look weak , '' sally 's voice whispered . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 i snapped out , proud when my voice did n't quiver . 
 `` where am i ? '' 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 one man stepped forward , separating himself from the group . 
 i did n't miss the silver sword in his hand . 
 probably only a couple years older than i was , he , at least , looked kind , with his wavy brown hair , and his hazel eyes warm , if wary . 
 that did n't mean i trusted him . 
 i had a feeling i would never trust anyone again . 
 `` my name is will and we 're your friends . '' 
 friends ? 
 i took a step back , knowing better . 
 in this new world of death and pain , no one could have friends . 
 `` what do you want from me ? '' 
 `` nothing . '' 
 the speaker stepped closer while his little group watched his back . 
 i knew without a doubt that if i tried anything , they 'd be on me before i could draw breath . 
 i could n't outrun them . 
 i could n't fight them . 
 i could only talk myself out of this situation . 
 `` we 're only here to help you . '' 
 help me ? 
 i resisted the urge to laugh . 
 how could i trust them ? 
 i worried my bottom lip between my teeth . 
 but what choice did i have ? 
 as much as i wanted to run , i could admit there was something about the kindness in his eyes that reminded me of tom when he was trying to tame a wild animal . 
 tom . 
 tom who was going to die . 
 who might have already been murdered . 
 everything hit me at once , the emotions i 'd been trying to keep buried . 
 the fear . 
 the memories of death . 
 a cold rush of reality that crushed me . 
 `` no ! '' 
 my knees buckled , and unable to hold myself up i collapsed . 
 but just like thanatos , will was there before i hit the ground , pulling me into his arms and holding me close to his muscled body , guarding me from the rain . 
 he did n't smell like thanatos . 
 no , he smelled warm and human and safe . 
 `` shhh . 
 you 're okay now . 
 do n't worry . '' 
 he set his sword upon the ground and gently rubbed my bare shoulders . 
 `` everything will be okay . '' 
 but it would n't . 
 did n't he understand ? 
 there was no one i could trust anymore . 
 i had nowhere to go . 
 still , he comforted me and i needed it more than i 'd realized . 
 needed it , but i did n't want it . 
 `` do n't trust him , '' tom 's voice whispered to me , a comment i could n't ignore . 
 brushing off my damp cheeks , i pulled back , searching will 's kind face . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 he smiled , a dimple flashing in his left cheek . 
 `` jane , you do n't have to be afraid anymore . '' 
 startled , my heart jumped into my throat . 
 how did he know me ? 
 how did he know my name ? 
 i shoved his hands away and stood , stumbling back from him . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 i repeated , my voice hard , brittle . 
 `` i know . '' 
 he stood slowly , taking his sword with him . 
 `` we know everything . '' 
 `` we ? '' 
 i repeated , wondering what they knew and who they were . 
 but i realized as his gaze shifted to the area beyond my shoulder that he was n't talking about his band of merry men . 
 `` we , '' i whispered , turning slowly . 
 they stood amongst the rubble , in the doorways and open windows . 
 they stood atop the boulders and on those metal carriages left abandoned along the lane . 
 so many people i could n't count them . 
 dirty faces , brown , dingy clothing , wary eyes . 
 `` we 're the same as you , '' will said . 
 `` the same as all the others who came before us . 
 relatives , friends of those who were murdered , destroyed . 
 but we 're different because we survived . '' 
 he moved forward , standing at my side , and for one long moment we merely stared at the many , many people who had crawled from those abandoned buildings and stood watching me as if i was the odd one . 
 `` we , '' will said , raising his sword into the air , `` are the chosen ones . '' 
 the end i hope you 've enjoyed the prequel to the chosen ones , available in the spring of 2014 . 
 if you 're interested in finding out what happens to jane , head to my website at www.loribrighton.com and sign up for my newsletter located on the contact page . 
 this newsletter will give you valuable information about upcoming releases . 
 while waiting for the chosen ones to be released this spring , check out the excerpt of my bestselling young adult series , the mind readers . 
 the ebook version of book 1 is free ! 
 the mind readers chapter 1 the man sitting across from me at the café was thinking about murdering his wife . 
 he imagined stabbing her and pretending like it was a robbery . 
 or perhaps , he thought , he 'd take her hiking , push her off a cliff and say it was an accident ; that she 'd slipped . 
 i wanted to tell him it would n't work , that in those csi shows on t.v. they always suspected the husband first . 
 instead , i huddled deep within my down jacket , the diner booth pressing uncomfortably hard against my back . 
 i did n't dare move for fear of drawing attention to myself . 
 i did n't want to know his thoughts . 
 i wished he 'd keep them to himself . 
 but i suppose he could n't help it . 
 the thoughts seeped from his mind like the fog currently drifting in from the harbor . 
 slowly , i slid him a glance out of the corner of my eye . 
 with his thinning brown hair combed neatly into place , and his blue button-up shirt free of wrinkles , he looked like a normal suburban dad . 
 but if there was one thing i 'd learned early on in life it was that normalcy , as we thought of it , did n't exist . 
 it was amazing and frightening what humans were capable of . 
 his pale blue eyes met mine . 
 my heart slammed frantically against my ribcage . 
 i dropped my gaze , my long , dark hair falling around my face like a curtain . 
 he 'd noticed me looking at him . 
 he was wondering if i was a virgin . 
 he hoped i was . 
 pervert . 
 bile crawled up my throat . 
 i wrapped my hands around my cup of chai tea , hoping the heat would warm my insides . 
 it did n't . 
 but the guy sitting at the table next to me who 'd been imagining killing his wife and was now imagining seducing me was n't the problem . 
 no , it was the guy sitting across from me , the man with his bright orange hunting cap pulled low over his eyes , the guy waiting for the right moment to rob the café ... he was the one who worried me . 
 for a second i thought about alerting the owner . 
 common sense and years of warning got the better of me and i remained stubbornly silent . 
 with a trembling hand , i latched onto the strap of my bag , gripped my cup and slid from the booth . 
 my conscience screamed at me to return , to help , say something . 
 but those years of warning overtook any soft feelings . 
 shifting my bag strap to my shoulder , i rushed from the café before guilt got the better of me . 
 outside the air was crisp , cool . 
 so normal . 
 it was early fall and the bees were swarming an overflowing trashcan . 
 dumping my cup , careful to avoid the stinging insects , i pulled my hood atop my head and stuffed my hands into the soft , fleece-lined pockets on my jacket , trying to get warm ... always trying . 
 a black truck zoomed by , sending fall colored leaves of orange , red and yellow into the air . 
 for one brief moment , as the leaves settled around me , i felt like i was in the safety of a snow globe . 
 but safety was an illusion . 
 we were never safe . 
 not the people in the café . 
 not the few pedestrians strolling down the sidewalks . 
 and certainly not me . 
 a deep shout resounded from inside the café , a muffled demand . 
 i should n't have been surprised , still my heart made a mad leap for my throat . 
 people screamed , the sound noticeable even through the thick glass windows . 
 i would n't turn back . 
 i stepped off the curb , glanced left , then right and darted across the street . 
 i had five minutes to make it home in time and could n't be late ... again or grandma would worry . 
 i focused on the long road that led to our small cape cod style cottage , focused on the crunch of brittle leaves under my sneakers , focused on breathing . 
 i would not react to the scene around me . 
 i could n't . 
 as grandma repeatedly warned , my very life depended on silence . 
 boom ! 
 a sudden blast rang through the air , vibrating the glass windows . 
 a flock of black starlings burst from the maples lining the road . 
 i flinched , sucking in a sharp breath of cold air and resisted the urge to drop to the cracked sidewalk . 
 surprise faded quickly and guilt churned deep within my gut . 
 a sickening shame that was almost unbearable . 
 so much regret . 
 angry at myself , i shoved the feeling aside . 
 emotions would only weaken me . 
 a woman with gray hair who was walking her poodle next to me froze , her gaze pinned to the café . 
 `` my god , i think they 're being robbed ! '' 
 i did n't respond but continued down the sidewalk , forced my feet forward as she fumbled with her cell phone . 
 taking in a deep breath , i slipped the ear buds of my ipod into my ears . 
 home . 
 i had to make it home before i was late , before nerves got the better of me and i was sick all over the sidewalk . 
 or worse , before i turned and raced back to the scene . 
 but even as i attempted to ignore the guilt thrumming in time with the music , anxiety clawed its way into my lungs , making it hard to breathe . 
 i knew , deep down , i could have stopped it . 
 if only i was n't a coward . 
 if only ... . 
 sometimes it really sucked to be able to read minds . 
 about lori brighton lori has a degree in anthropology and worked as a museum curator . 
 deciding the people in her imagination were slightly more exciting than the dead things in a museum basement , she set out to become an author . 
 lori writes romance for adults , as well as young adult books for teens and adults . 
 to find out more about lori visit her at : www.loribrighton.com lori 's young adult books : the chosen ones series : the beautiful ones : prequel the chosen ones : book 1 , coming spring 2014 ! 
 the mind readers series : the mind readers : book 1 -lrb- ebook version is free ! -rrb- 
 the mind thieves : book 2 the mind games : book 3 the mind keepers -lrb- series-ending novella -rrb- the matchmaker series : make me a match : book 1 
