 insight m. rees this book is a work of fiction . 
 any references to events , real people , or real places are used fictitiously . 
 other names , characters , places , and events are products of the author 's imagination , and any resemblance to actual events or places or persons , living or dead , is entirely coincidental . 
 copyright © 2013 by maylian reyes smashwords edition all rights reserved . 
 no part of this publication may be reproduced in any form or by any means without the prior written permission except in the case of brief quotations in a book review . 
 for owen , erin and lian thank you for not snooping . 
 contents insight acknowledgements about m. rees connect with m. rees prologue ian watches as the postman walks by , and out of nowhere he is struck by the simplicity of the postman 's occupation -- delivering parcels , pushing letters through letterboxes . 
 sometimes he wishes that he has a simple job like that . 
 sometimes he wishes he can wear a red shirt and blue trousers and carry a red satchel , and not be clothed all in black with guns strapped to his sides and around his ankles . 
 especially today . 
 today is an exceptionally bad day for him . 
 he waits until the postman has done the last house on the street before he climbs out of his silver 2002 porsche 911 turbo . 
 today is also not the day to drive this particular car . 
 he needs something inconspicuous for what he 's set to do . 
 but there 's a part of him , buried somewhere deep , that calls for him to be reckless at present . 
 there 's a part of him that wants to get caught or hurt . 
 ian walks the rest of the way , until he reaches the house with the brown front door . 
 there 's no one inside at the moment . 
 the owners are on holiday in greece , courtesy of him . 
 the day is too bright . 
 the sun is up and there are no clouds to cover the blue sky . 
 he would like to do this job cloaked in darkness , but it has to be done at this hour . 
 and it 's not only because he 's feeling careless , but because of something else entirely . 
 within seconds he unlocks the front door , as though he has a spare key to the house . 
 but he has n't . 
 ian has been in and out of this house for a couple of days and none of the neighbours has questioned him . 
 perhaps they think he 's a distant relative of the andrews , here to look after the house while they 're away . 
 but even if one of them is stupid enough to ring richard or diane to verify , ian has it covered . 
 the couple is aware of his presence here , aware that he 's using their house , but that knowledge will disappear with ian the moment they come back home . 
 ian pushes the door open and walks into the main hallway , careful not to step on the letters scattered on the beech laminate floor , before closing and locking the door again . 
 ignoring the picture of smiling faces hanging on the wall , ian marches down the hallway to the kitchen and makes a beeline towards the pine door in the corner , next to the washer and dryer that are stacked one on top of the other . 
 he opens the door , his right hand automatically reaching for the pull switch hanging from the ceiling and the room lights up . 
 in front of him is a wooden stairwell that leads down to the basement . 
 the stair would normally creak under weight , but not his . 
 ian can make himself as light as air if he wants to . 
 he 's very good at not making any sounds . 
 the basement is quite small . 
 there 's very little room to convert it into a proper living space , and the ceiling is low too . 
 ian is 6 ' 2 '' and he has to hunch . 
 the smell of damp is not too strong today because of the improved weather , but he can still feel the dust in the air . 
 he walks around the white chest freezer to get to the partition wall , surveying his work . 
 he has made a hole in the wall , large enough for him to comfortably walk through without bringing the whole house down . 
 ian hesitates . 
 for a split moment he lets himself think that perhaps there is another way . 
 it does n't have to be death . 
 but jack insists . 
 and what jack wants -- jack gets . 
 ian quickly clamps down on his emotions and lets numbness seep in . 
 there is no other way , and wasting seconds thinking of alternatives is futile . 
 this has to be done . 
 he steps through the hole and into a tunnel . 
 it was by coincidence that he heard about this tunnel . 
 it 's not on the property layout . 
 but when he was speaking to the owners , whispering in their heads to let him use their house for reconnaissance , the wife proudly told him of the town 's history , how the people built some tunnels underground to get from place to place during the war . 
 and when the houses were rebuilt , the tunnels were blocked but not completely destroyed . 
 to use the tunnel was n't a part of his plan but it has come in handy . 
 he likes to do , and normally does , his job in a straightforward manner . 
 but emma and her husband are different . 
 though they are posing as ordinary people , they 're not . 
 they will see him coming and they 're not going to go down without a fight . 
 that 's what ian is trying to avoid . 
 he prefers the outcome of his missions with as less mess as possible . 
 he heads north until he reaches the part where the tunnel forks . 
 he chooses the middle path . 
 this was the difficult part , when he made a hole in the wall of emma 's basement . 
 he was n't sure how he was going to hide it and when he finally settled to building a fake wall , he was worried she would notice . 
 but ian is very good at everything he does , as the fake wall is still there . 
 with a single knock , it crumbles to the ground . 
 there 's a lot of dust in the air . 
 ian has to squint to prevent it from getting in his eyes . 
 he has his gun in his hand and he 's moving fluidly , up the stairs and into a utility room . 
 he can hear footsteps but he does n't wait , bursting into the kitchen and pointing the gun at the man standing before him -- leon gilles . 
 the gun connects on gilles ' right temple . 
 gilles ' eyes widen in astonishment , not fear . 
 ian expects him to have some kind of weapon , but he does n't . 
 ian thinks frenchmen are idiots and this guy is no exception , even though he is supposed to be dangerous -- a vicious thief and a ruthless murderer . 
 apparently , he 's also a charmer . 
 gilles ' messy copper hair suits his cultured and chiselled features . 
 unfortunately for him , ian is not a lass and he does n't swing both ways either . 
 ian does n't wait for the guy to speak or make a move . 
 he shoots him . 
 and ian is already a few steps away and out of the kitchen when he hears the body crumple to the floor . 
 now he has to move quicker , but he feels rather heavier . 
 perhaps it 's his heart . 
 he 's not sorry for killing gilles . 
 in fact it gives him a lot of satisfaction . 
 but his work is not finished yet . 
 he finds emma in the lounge , sitting on her favourite armchair by the fireplace . 
 her long wavy hair is hanging around her shoulders , caramel brown with streaks of gold , a few shades darker than her skin . 
 before she can reach for the small pistol that he knows she keeps underneath the side table , he jumps her and they topple onto the floor , armchair and all . 
 he does n't know why he is doing it , when he can just shoot her then and be done with it . 
 but as he pins her down with his own body , his left hand gripping both her wrists above her head , the tip of his silenced gun on her chest , he asks the question that has been burning inside of him from the moment he learned the truth . 
 `` why , emma ? '' 
 emma does n't answer . 
 tears are gathering in her big blue eyes and he can tell that she 's trying very hard to stop them . 
 her eyes are not afraid and ian is surprised to see remorse and also delight in them , as though she 's happy to see him . 
 `` this was not supposed to happen , '' ian says . 
 he hears the pain in his own voice but he does n't bother to hide his feelings . 
 emma softly whimpers , `` i 'm sorry that i disappointed you , ian . '' 
 ian ca n't speak , ca n't move , ca n't do anything . 
 there 's a battle currently raging inside him , consuming him like fire burning him from inside out . 
 he has his answer -- emma has given it unwillingly , without her knowledge , and there 's a part of ian that already knows . 
 and that 's what 's making him falter . 
 `` i have to kill you , '' ian 's voice breaks once again . 
 `` i know . 
 i think it is better this way . 
 i want it to be you , you know ? '' 
 ian eyes narrow . 
 `` you knew i was coming ? '' 
 emma nods her head . 
 `` you taught me well . '' 
 she smiles and looks beautiful . 
 `` this has to end . 
 but i ca n't kill my own husband . '' 
 air rushes out of ian . 
 he can tell the lies from the truth , and what he just heard is not a lie . 
 but there is something wrong in this picture inside emma 's mind . 
 she ca n't kill her husband -- ca n't , not wo n't . 
 literally ca n't . 
 and it was n't love that tied her to him , nor loyalty , as ian thought , but something completely foreign . 
 he lets go of emma 's wrists and sits on the floor , shoulders hunched in defeat . 
 `` ian , you have to do this , '' emma says without moving . 
 the mixture of plea and forceful demand is apparent in her voice . 
 `` no , i do n't . '' 
 `` listen ... '' `` i could give you a head start ... or give you a new life . 
 i did it before . '' 
 `` listen to me ! '' 
 ian turns to face emma . 
 she pushes herself up so they 're eye to eye . 
 hers are full of determination and acceptance . 
 he can only guess what 's in his and he 's certain it not the kind of look he normally wears . 
 `` i 'm not going to run away and hide . 
 that 's not the kind of life i want for my son . '' 
 ian takes a long , deep breath . 
 he can feel the sliver of hope he was n't even aware he was holding on to slowly crumble into pieces , like grains under a grinder , and no matter what he does , no matter how hard he holds on , the miniscule grains still slip from his hands . 
 `` jack wants him , i 'm aware of that . 
 let him have my son , but promise me that you 'll watch over him . '' 
 she could n't have been more wrong . 
 if there was anyone in their fucking world who wanted to keep the boy alive , it certainly was n't jack . 
 but there 's always a way to convince people . 
 emma gets up without waiting for his answer , as though she already knows that his answer is a yes . 
 ian follows her into the kitchen , sees the way her shoulders stiffen when she finds her husband , watches her as she kneels next to his body and carefully leans over to give him a kiss . 
 there are no tears in her eyes , only sorrow . 
 but her body is shaking as she stands up and walks over to ian . 
 emma is a striking beauty but he has only treated her like a sibling . 
 it breaks his cold heart to see her this way . 
 it breaks his barren soul to do what he 's about to do . 
 her eyes travel to the gun in his hand and she shakes her head . 
 ian groans inside . 
 he knows what emma is asking . 
 she does n't want her son to find her covered in blood . 
 chapter one the blow sends me flying across the room , knocking the air out of me . 
 i wince . 
 i 'm sprawled on the floor in the most degrading position and my tired , shaky arms can barely support my upper body , can barely keep it from collapsing totally . 
 my unfortunate butt has taken most of the impact as i crash down , beaten . 
 it will be bruised for sure , and will be disgustingly hideous . 
 i have a swimming competition in two weeks , and the last thing i want is to look like i 've been getting involved in some spanking activity . 
 i swear , not so discreetly , at the man standing over me . 
 his eyes flare with murder . 
 `` do you mind not swearing ? '' 
 my father says in disgust . 
 the mixture of derision and authority in his tone grates on my nerves . 
 i 'm a perfect marksman , i do n't need this shit . 
 `` are you ... trying to kill me ? '' 
 i can barely speak . 
 i 'm breathless . 
 i want to curl up in pain , but i suck it in . 
 this is embarrassing enough . 
 i ca n't believe he landed another one on me . 
 this constant training has left me black and blue many times before , and this time is not going to be any different . 
 he rolls his eyes upward . 
 a familiar gesture that says i do n't give a fuck about your dramas . 
 `` you 're getting sloppy , elle . 
 you 're so easy to distract . '' 
 `` so , is it just a distraction or are you really leaving again ? '' 
 `` in a fight , you will hear things you do not like , so do not let your personal feelings get the better of you , do not lose your focus . 
 set the bloody thing aside ! '' 
 dad wraps his left hand around his right wrist . 
 he 's clenching and unclenching his right fist . 
 `` do n't change the subject . 
 where are you going this time ? '' 
 he just got back from god knows where and did god knows what , and he 's leaving again . 
 why ca n't he wait until i 'm back in that pathetic boarding school where he ships me so he can work ? 
 i still have two weeks left . 
 `` if you must know , i 'm going to london . '' 
 he crosses his arms and shrugs , like it 's no big deal . 
 it probably is n't a big deal , not to him anyway , but every time he goes somewhere without me , earth 's population decreases . 
 scum population , as i 'd like to think . 
 with a huff , i stagger to get up , wincing and swearing because it feels like my insides are being torn into shreds . 
 i 'm sweating hard in places i 'm not even aware i can sweat . 
 my grey vest clings to my body like a second skin . 
 the tie of my long auburn hair is loose ; the strands that got away are plastered to my forehead and the sides of my face . 
 a drop of sweat runs from the base of my head , down my nape and the length of my back . 
 i give him my best fake , over exaggerated beam . 
 `` who is it this time , the mayor ? 
 his hair makes me want to kill him myself . 
 no one should prance in public with hair like that and get away with it . 
 wait ! 
 are you going to stop a terrorist attack ? '' 
 he smirks . 
 oh , he dares smile ! 
 he makes me want to give him a good kick on the shin . 
 `` i just need to sort out a hiccup . '' 
 he holds his hand out , offering to help me up . 
 what 's the difference ? 
 i stare at his hand , then his eyes . 
 his eyes are telling me that it 's safe to touch . 
 but i do n't risk it . 
 as much as i 'd love to see what 's inside his head right now , i do n't want him to see what 's inside mine . 
 and he will know if i 'm trying to , or reading him . 
 he can always tell . 
 but i ca n't . 
 so i block him , to be on the safe side , and accept his help . 
 his grip on my hand is strong . 
 and in one swift pull , i 'm on my feet . 
 we 're almost face to face . 
 i 'm tall , but not as tall as him . 
 he 's toned and muscled . 
 his chest alone can make men half his age red with envy . 
 apart from that , and his thick black hair with no sign of grey , he 's blessed with a young , angelic face that does n't seem to age at all . 
 no one will believe he has a seventeen-year-old daughter . 
 or that he 's a killer . 
 my chest heaves as i try to catch my breath . 
 i pull my hand from his hold , but he does n't let go , not for a few seconds . 
 he 's hesitating . 
 i catch something in his eyes when he looks at me , something i have never seen before , ca n't identify , but as the morning rays of the sun hit his face , the shadow in his eyes disappears . 
 there 's something on his mind that he wants me to see , i think , but i 'm no longer interested . 
 because an outrageous idea -- something i 'm quite certain he will not approve of -- pops into my head . 
 `` i 'm coming with you , '' i say . 
 dad stiffens . 
 `` forget it , '' he says coldly , in a tone that comes with a warning not to challenge him . 
 i hold my chin up , `` no . '' 
 `` what do you mean no ? '' 
 `` it 's been a while . 
 i miss london , '' i deadpan . 
 he runs his fingers through his dark locks . 
 `` i 'll try to come back really quick . '' 
 i know him too well to safely conclude that he 's lying . 
 he 's not going to come back now that my vacation is almost over . 
 this is what i do n't understand -- why he ca n't wait . 
 i 'm hurt , offended and upset . 
 it pisses me off . 
 `` i smell something burning ... maybe because someone 's pants are on fire ! '' 
 he laughs as he grabs a bottle of water sitting on the window ledge with one hand and shuts the window blinds halfway with the other . 
 one . 
 two . 
 three ... and he 's still laughing . 
 i slide my clenched fists in my pockets to hide them -- because i want to punch him on the face ! 
 and he notices it . 
 every single movement i do , he catches it . 
 that 's just the way he is . 
 `` all right , i 'm sorry . '' 
 he presses his lips to suppress a smile . 
 he twists the cap off and brings the bottle to his lips . 
 i hope he chokes . 
 he chugs the full content in one go while i stand rigidly , fuming . 
 `` if things go wrong , i ca n't worry about you . '' 
 pfft , he 's not necessarily thinking that it will happen . 
 slip up , blunder , fail and misjudge are my father 's least favourite words . 
 also fear . 
 and he sincerely believes they will never , ever , apply to him . 
 i catch the soft white towel that he tosses me , a little bit in awe by how cool he appears . 
 no sign of tiredness from the one hour or so of kickboxing . 
 just wet patches on his white t-shirt , mid chest and back . 
 i never told him this , but i admire him with a passion , like a die-hard fan of a band . 
 hence , when he decided to teach me every single self-defence and basic survival training trick for people in his trade , such as shooting , carjacking , lock-picking and the likes , i said yes , and absorbed it all like a stranded traveller in a desert who is dying of thirst and comes upon a bucket of water . 
 he said it was a preparation for all kinds of situations that might befall me , including becoming an orphan . 
 orphan -- the word is like a splash of ice-cold water on my back , it sends shivers down my spine . 
 `` i can take care of myself . 
 you made sure of it . '' 
 i sweep my hand towards him . 
 `` i 'm your protégé , right ? 
 i 'm ready for my future career . '' 
 the look he shoots me is enough to make me wilt . 
 he chucks the empty bottle in the chrome coloured trashcan without even looking . 
 it 's not that i aim to become an assassin . 
 i said it because i want to provoke him . 
 now , i sort of regret saying it . 
 for a split second , i wish i 'm standing next to the door so i can bolt out of this mean looking training room with its white walls covered with shelves of high-powered guns and sharp knives of different sizes . 
 and this hard , unpadded hardwood floor that seems to shoot cold pins up my bare feet . 
 i steal another glance in his direction , and i wish i had n't , because he 's still looking at me like he 's dying to bite my head off . 
 he 's scary as hell . 
 `` this is not the life i want for you , '' he says . 
 `` i know . 
 i just ... i 'm worried about you . 
 i worry that you wo n't come back . '' 
 is that wrong ? 
 honestly , i 've had enough of this . 
 i 'm tired of waiting for him to return from his work , mission or whatever , not knowing whether he will ever come back at all . 
 whether i will see him again . 
 let 's face it . 
 guys like him always end up buried in an unmarked grave or as a john doe in some charity hospital . 
 if he dies , i 'd be lucky to get his body back . 
 my greatest fear is to wake up one morning and realise that my father is gone . 
 not him too . 
 i guess that fear causes some sort of attachment issue ... which is peculiar for a girl of my age . 
 he crosses his arms over his chest again , as if protecting himself because he 's feeling guilty . 
 he probably is feeling guilty . 
 i 'm sure it 's not easy for him and if he can shield his lifestyle from me , perhaps he will . 
 but i 'm glad he does n't . 
 but sometimes , ignorance can be bliss . 
 with his right shoulder propped against the wall and a bored expression on his face , he quietly examines his fingernails for a few seconds . 
 the sunlight that slips through the blinds catches on his hair . 
 a friend of mine has said to me once that i look so much like him . 
 i 'm not sure . 
 i do n't look like a mean , kick-ass angel . 
 `` this whole teenage drama is making me itch , '' he murmurs , scratching behind his ear . 
 `` but i 'm sorry , elle . 
 i 'm going to have to call your bluff . '' 
 chapter two i 'm not an ordinary child . 
 i 'm the daughter of ian mcrae -- an assassin . 
 that alone is big . 
 but a hit-man who can read minds and can make you do and forget things by the touch of his hand ? 
 the word ordinary will never apply . 
 not in a million years . 
 especially , since i have the same ability . 
 no secret is safe from me . 
 that 's how i learned my parents were sort of friends with benefits , and i was a product of a one-night stand that went wrong . 
 the only reason my mother kept me was because my father made sure she did n't have an abortion . 
 i did n't ask how . 
 i know how . 
 he whispered to her to forget the abortion . 
 he was 95 % certain i would carry his genes and he intended to keep me . 
 am i grateful that he did ? 
 absolutely . 
 `` where to , love ? '' 
 the ridiculously good-looking asian taxi driver asks , and i give him the address , hoping i pronounce it right . 
 he nods and drives off . 
 i look out the window as the driver manoeuvers his way through the busy traffic , until we reach a long stretch of road that looks like a highway , but not quite . 
 as usual , it 's raining . 
 the sky is grey and the trees are like quarrelling women , bitch-slapping each other . 
 some fallen , dry leaves on the side of the road are being blown in a circular motion like a mini tornado . 
 i try to relax inside the cab and ignore the nervous flutter inside my chest and stomach , but it refuses to go away . 
 the wind howls through the closed window , as if to tell me that i 'm not welcome and should head back to where i came from . 
 no kidding . 
 if only my ability was not restricted to touch , i would not be a nervous wreck right now . 
 i ca n't remember the very first time i used my ability . 
 my father once told me that i had probably sensed his thoughts before i learned to speak . 
 apparently , when i was a baby , my hand would often reach for his nose as soon as he picked me up for cuddles . 
 and apparently , i would cry and become really distressed when he thought of putting me down . 
 that was his first clue . 
 but like many others , my memory does n't go that far back . 
 i can only remember certain bits of my childhood . 
 one memory stands out though : my mother 's confused and frightened face as she looked at me , as if a pair of horns had sprouted out of my head and i was breathing fire . 
 that was because i repeated every single word inside her head . 
 i was three then . 
 i feel that familiar burning tightness constrict my throat , when i think of my mother , like swallowing a vial of acid . 
 she never loved me . 
 she did n't even try to understand . 
 it was the exact opposite of what i did when i `` accidentally '' found out that my father is an assassin . 
 yes , i cried for hours . 
 yes , i threw up a couple of times , thinking of all those lives he took . 
 and yes , i was afraid of him at some point . 
 yet , i accepted him after i got over those initial reactions . 
 but my dear , dear mother -- she packed her stuff and took the next flight to heathrow . 
 fyi : she obviously knows that dad is an assassin . 
 i do n't think dad will keep it from her , because as far as i know , her own father and her older brother are assassins too . 
 it 's not really a secret within their little circle . 
 but i 'm not really sure if she knows about dad 's ability -- i 'm going to assume she does n't because i 'd like to think that she 's not that bright -- but last time i checked , killing people is worse than reading their minds , and it 's strange that having a baby with a murderer did n't bother her at all . 
 but having a freak for a daughter -- that , she ca n't handle . 
 i hate her . 
 i really hate her . 
 on the bright side , our life got better . 
 dad changed for the better . 
 he 's happier , i think . 
 no more arguments , no more fights . 
 in a way , he and i were set free . 
 life became easier , less constricted . 
 over time , his chosen profession grew on me , just like our ability became our extra sense . 
 and what an extra sense it is ! 
 at first , i did n't get why he chose to become an assassin when he could be the president of the united states of america . 
 and he 'd be the most powerful president of them all . 
 one handshake is all he needs to have every world leader eating out of his hand . 
 but my dad is not ambitious . 
 he 's not power hungry . 
 for someone so magnificent , he wants a normal life for me , as normal as i could possibly have , under the circumstances . 
 i think it 's ridiculous . 
 like that will happen . 
 and his key to normality is by ` blocking ' . 
 we can control the flow of thoughts ; stop a reader from reading them and vice versa . 
 he said that by this process , i could blend in and be a bit ordinary . 
 unfortunately , this part of our ability does n't just pop out , ready for use . 
 it has to be developed , downloaded first . 
 he taught me how to do it . 
 but i found blocking hard , mainly because i could n't resist reading his mind . 
 it works both ways on our kind . 
 if i 'm to read , i can be read . 
 that does n't worry me though ; i do n't know anyone who is a reader like us . 
 i remember when i was in fourth grade ; i found out that a couple of kids in my class were being abused by their parents . 
 i was so disgusted , i asked my dad to kill those bastards , but he said no . 
 i reported them to the police instead . 
 fifth grade , i learned that my pe teacher was a paedophile . 
 him , my dad did kill . 
 when i turned ten , i tried harder to be normal . 
 dad threatened he would make me wear gloves forever if i did n't try , so i learned to close my mind when touching was unavoidable . 
 i ca n't go to the police every time i learn of something illegal happening around me , without any evidence . 
 i ca n't possibly tell them that i can read minds . 
 `` you 're raising suspicion ! '' 
 my father yelled , when he found out i went to the police again after i read in cassie 's head , a friend from school , that her brother was a drug pimp . 
 the fury in his eyes seared into my brain . 
 `` you refused to do something about it ! '' 
 `` it 's not my job to kill every single bad person you find . '' 
 `` right , only the ones you 're paid to kill . '' 
 two quick steps and he was right in front of me , his hands gripping my arms . 
 do . 
 not . 
 speak to me . 
 like that . 
 ever again . 
 he enunciated in my head . 
 then he gave me a clear picture of what he would do if i defied him . 
 so i practiced blocking with cassie , until i mastered the technique , and because i did n't want to discover any more drug pimps in her family . 
 and i most definitely did n't want to piss my dad off . 
 but as i started to get a grasp of how big this thing was , how different we were , `` heredity '' and `` that 's just the way we are '' were no longer enough . 
 i wanted a better answer to my questions . 
 and dad 's exuberant answer was , `` some people are just born with it . 
 and we are one of the lucky few . 
 you 've got to love mother nature . '' 
 but i was n't convinced . 
 i 'm still not . 
 what ? 
 no mutation ? 
 no government experiment ? 
 no alien abduction ? 
 there has to be a better explanation . 
 `` i wish i can tell you something exciting , like i 'm a genius and i invented a serum that altered my genes and transformed me into a mind reader , and passed the ability to you . 
 but it did n't happen like that . 
 my father was like us , and so was his father , i presume . 
 based on what i 've learned about our family history , the firstborns carry this ability . 
 but mind-reading was a curse to them and they did everything to keep it hidden . 
 like a dark family secret . 
 i wish your grandfather stuck around longer , so he could have explained it to me better , and then to you , but he made some choices that went against this ability in a disastrous way . 
 all of them made those wrong choices . 
 and i almost did . 
 but that 's not important . 
 i 'm not making the same mistake ever again , '' i remember him say , with a flippant wave of his hand . 
 and he 's right . 
 the origin of our ability is not important . 
 between us , there 's no curse . 
 no dark secret ... some tune filters through my thoughts . 
 it 's coming from the driver . 
 he 's whistling something i kind of recognise , as he snakes through roads and roundabouts . 
 it 's lovely enough to interrupt my busy thoughts . 
 god , i hope it 's not a bad sign that the past suddenly decides to fill my head . 
 we enter a nice , quiet looking town that i have never been to before . 
 i glimpse a castle and what looks like a massive ferris wheel . 
 dear lord , this place never fails to amaze me . 
 the houses seem to get bigger and bigger , and more widely separated as we push farther and farther into town . 
 as we veer to the left , we climb up a sloping road lined with cherry blossom trees . 
 wow , it 's breathtakingly beautiful here . 
 the driver enters a private driveway , and then pulls up in front of a victorian house with black double doors . 
 i blow the daunting feeling out of my system . 
 right , this is the place . 
 i reach for my pocket and hand the driver a twenty pound and a ten pound note . 
 because you 're cute . 
 `` cheers , love . '' 
 i push the door and get out of the black taxi , rushing towards the front door before the rain completely soaks my hair , towing my light luggage after me . 
 my freaking legs feel numb . 
 okay , here goes . 
 i lift the knocker and rap it twice on the door . 
 a minute passes , but there 's no answer . 
 i check my phone 's gps . 
 i 'm on the right address . 
 as i reach for the knob to try again , the door swings open . 
 `` i do n't bluff , '' i blurt in sudden panic . 
 the words just fly out . 
 spit is actually more like it . 
 nice one , elle . 
 very smooth . 
 my father 's eyes are wide , his face is red . 
 i push my way inside before he can slam the door on me , which he is about to do by the look on his face . 
 i say a silent prayer , but it dies halfway through when my eyes land on the curving grand staircase and the geometric black-and-white floor tiles . 
 my god , the house is massive , with a high ceiling and tall windows . 
 i never thought of my father as a period house enthusiast . 
 `` what the hell are you doing here ? '' 
 i turn around to see my father trying to compose himself . 
 his hands are tucked inside his pockets . 
 his white shirt looks a little askew , like he 's shrugged himself into it in a hurry . 
 he has left the door wide open , so i step back , creating a lot of distance between me and the exit . 
 `` what i said i 'm going to do . '' 
 `` are you out of your bleeding mind ? '' 
 his tone is quiet , like a whisper . 
 but sharp . 
 `` you 're acting like a naughty , irresponsible , attention-seeking brat . '' 
 `` i 'll stay out of your way . '' 
 his jaw drops . 
 for a moment , he looks too flabbergasted or too pissed off to speak . 
 `` do you realise how daft ... '' he rakes his fingers through his hair . 
 `` why did you come here then ? 
 so i can personally tuck you into bed at night ? 
 you do n't like me to read you your bedtime stories over the phone ? '' 
 i flinch . 
 `` i just want to prove to you that i mean everything i say . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 he flings the door wider . 
 `` that 's rubbish and you 're pathetic . 
 go back to new york . 
 now . '' 
 that stings . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm not going home . '' 
 i take my coat off and hang it on a black coat rack standing next to me like an obedient footman . 
 if i have to , i will not hesitate to use it to ward him off . 
 `` i 'm warning you , elle . 
 you do as i say ... '' `` or what ? 
 you ca n't just ... '' i snap my mouth shut . 
 `` i ca n't just what ? '' 
 he has no idea . 
 how can he be so oblivious ? 
 i take a deep breath and let it all rip . 
 `` put yourself in danger without any thought as to what will happen to me if you die ! 
 you have more assignments than usual and you 're away all the time ! '' 
 i cross my arms over my chest . 
 i feel like stomping my foot , but then he 'd be right to call me a brat . 
 dad studies me for a very long time , his lips pressed into a thin line , before he says , `` every year we have this discussion . 
 every . 
 single . 
 year . 
 i 'm sick of it . 
 are n't you ? '' 
 `` maybe it 's about time you quit , then . '' 
 dad 's laugh fills the entrance hall , but i do n't hear any humour in it . 
 `` you ca n't just change your mind and accept what i do whenever it suits you . '' 
 `` excuse me , i have come to live with it , but i have not completely accepted it . '' 
 i lie . 
 i want to hurt him a little . 
 maybe he would understand if he 's a tiny bit hurt . 
 he scoffs . 
 `` same difference . '' 
 `` do you have an idea how i feel every time you leave for your assignments ? '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 he closes his eyes , as if he 's trying not to lose the will . 
 `` and i 'm sorry i had to leave before your school holiday is over . 
 but it still does n't warrant your presence here . '' 
 true . 
 being here does n't make me less afraid , but being close to him eases it . 
 and that 's what he does n't get . 
 `` fine , i 'll leave . 
 but i ca n't promise that i 'll go back home . 
 i might end up somewhere ... what 's that term you use ? 
 oh yes , dodgy . '' 
 i watch my father 's hands clench and unclench inside his pockets . 
 he narrows his eyes . 
 `` jesus christ , elle . 
 when are you going to mature ? '' 
 he shoves the door closed with a thud . 
 without another word , he walks away . 
 chapter three i 'm afraid to say this , but i 'm 87.5 % sure that i made a mistake . 
 `` tsk , tsk , wrong name . '' 
 dad points at the form i 'm filling in . 
 oh yes , we 're supposed to use fake identities . 
 i fold the paper and hand it to him . 
 he slides it in his coat pocket , before walking back to the school 's admission desk . 
 he comes back with a fresh set . 
 i sit crossed-legged on one of the old fashioned , red-striped fabric armchairs in the admissions office , my right foot jerking repeatedly . 
 my father hands me the forms before sitting down on the chair beside me . 
 he 's making me attend school , for the love of god . 
 when he finally spoke to me , the first thing he said was : `` you can stay . 
 it 's about time you became acquainted with your english heritage . '' 
 that means we 're staying here for quite a while , and that he suddenly came up with this plan to punish me . 
 nasty , nasty man . 
 i have to hand it to my dad . 
 his ingenuity is just terrific . 
 but i guess he 's right . 
 where else can i learn about my so-called heritage but from pompous students ? 
 i stare at the form in front of me , and i have this urge to snatch it off the table and tear it into pieces , screaming `` screw this ! '' 
 instead , i write jules christensen on the dotted line -- his choice , not mine . 
 i did n't even get the chance to have a say on what fake name i should use . 
 i 'm still seething over it -- not because i do n't like the name , the name is fine -- but because he did n't give me the option to pick it . 
 it 's my fake name for fuck 's sake ! 
 `` and you 're robin christensen ? '' 
 i ask in a whisper , writing it down on the emergency contact section without waiting for confirmation . 
 he nods . 
 his eyes casually sweep around the room . 
 `` out of curiosity , why did you pick my mother 's surname ? '' 
 `` so it will be easy for you to remember . '' 
 strange of him to think so -- i can hardly remember my mother . 
 well , the good memories , anyway . 
 i tap the black ballpoint pen on my chin . 
 `` tell me , why are we using fake names ? '' 
 `` for a bit of incognito , '' he replies , like it answers every question i have . 
 `` do you ever use fake names when you 're on a job ? '' 
 he shakes his head , his eyes meeting mine . 
 i suppose he 's never into role play , until now . 
 i have an image of my dad as a straightforward killer . 
 hunt , stakeout , kill . 
 after a while , the school 's headmistress , not principal , approaches to show us around the campus . 
 pardon me , the school grounds . 
 i have to make myself familiar with british terminology . 
 i 'm only familiar with a few words , the ones my father often uses , such as mobile instead of cell phone , loo instead of restroom , flat instead of apartment , trousers instead of pants , pants instead of underwear . 
 that last one is genuinely bizarre . 
 the school is n't so bad . 
 it 's a co-ed school in windsor , about 2-1/2 miles from the house . 
 first impression : looks a little like hogwarts . 
 and the uniform : well , there 's no uniform . 
 i can wear whatever i want , which is great . 
 last night , when i asked why i 'm allowed to pick my subjects , dad said it 's because i 'd be in sixth form . 
 i have no idea what that is . 
 `` how do you find england so far ? '' 
 ms holland asks me . 
 she 's around her thirties , medium built , brunette , brown eyes . 
 she 's okay-looking , but the zit on her chin is sort of putting me off . 
 come on , it 's huge and very red with a little white dot on the centre . 
 and as i try not to stare at it , it seems to flash like a beacon . 
 `` it rains a lot here , '' i remark dryly , noting the way my father discreetly scans the school building and surroundings , as if looking for a good sniper spot . 
 then he softly laughs , and ms holland flushes . 
 `` how about you , mr christensen , how does it feel to be back ? '' 
 `` splendid . 
 please , call me robin . '' 
 i give him the stink eye . 
 he deadpans . 
 in my opinion , the tour lasts longer than necessary . 
 they discuss stuff about the school , programmes she thinks i might be interested in . 
 i answer politely when she directs some questions at me . 
 and for the first time in my life , i see a side of my father that i have n't seen before . 
 not sure if he 's just in the mood , or he 's playing a part that i 'm not aware of . 
 at the end of the tour , dad shakes ms holland 's hand . 
 i swallow hard , ignoring the sudden itch on my palm . 
 it burns . 
 i want to shake her hand too . 
 put ideas in her head , like i 'm too american to fit in and she has to turn me away . 
 but the chance of me pulling that stunt is zero . 
 we walk out of the building , to the car park . 
 dad pushes me to the left side of the car when i walk to the right . 
 of course : right-hand drive . 
 i pull the door open . 
 `` did you whisper to her ? '' 
 i enquire . 
 `` you 'll get in , '' he replies , as he starts the car . 
 i knew it . 
 chapter four i drive swiftly into the school 's car park , squeezing my dad 's suv between a red ford ka and a green citroen picasso that reminds me of the bubble gum in my mouth . 
 for a right-hand drive newbie , i 'm impressive . 
 no traffic officer on my tail . 
 i give myself a mental congratulatory tap on the back . 
 it 's a last minute decision , to drive to school . 
 last night , dad gave me his blessings to use his car , said he does n't need it for his research , otherwise known as reconnaissance . 
 but he did ask me if i was sure about bringing a car to school , which was weird . 
 -lrb- i mean , why the hell not ? -rrb- 
 then he handed me my newly and illegally acquired driver 's licence . 
 it 's pink . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he asked when he saw the sharp look i gave him , his tone was defensive . 
 `` pink ? '' 
 i almost growled . 
 `` are you kidding me ? '' 
 he reached down his back pocket and showed me his . 
 `` that 's their standard colour . 
 do n't ask me why . '' 
 seriously ? 
 of all the colours under the sun , it has to be pink . 
 something is n't right in this country . 
 reluctantly , i slid the offensive looking piece of laminated card in my bag . 
 but i caught my dad smile . 
 a cold wind blows , carrying the smell of dew and grass from the vast field a few feet from where i 'm parked . 
 i glance at the car to my right , the red ford that belongs to a teacher according to the papers left lying on the dashboard , then to the row of vacant parking spaces next to it . 
 that 's weird . 
 it 's almost nine . 
 where the hell are the students ? 
 i stare at the entrance gate and i ca n't believe my eyes . 
 that 's why dad asked me if i 'm sure about driving ! 
 the students here are either being dropped off , or they 're coming in on a bus . 
 a double-decker bus ! 
 what 's next ? 
 a horse carriage ? 
 `` zoe , please do n't make this more difficult . 
 we 've talked about this . 
 it 's not going to work . 
 not the way it was before . '' 
 `` you 're wrong ! '' 
 i follow the shrill voice , my caffeine-wired curiosity beeping like radar . 
 it 's coming from a girl -- a girl in tears -- a girl chasing after a boy -- a boy trying to get away . 
 oh , yes . 
 this is more interesting than the double-decker bus . 
 `` i 'm sorry ... '' i should n't eavesdrop . 
 it 's rude . 
 i close my window , pick my bag up from the seat next to me , and turn the engine off . 
 they stop right in front of me . 
 the boy whirls to face the girl and impatiently throws a paper cup into the grey trash can . 
 i do n't move . 
 they will see me , and it will be a little bit awkward . 
 but i watch anyway , because i ca n't help it . 
 my eyes are particularly drawn to what the girl is wearing . 
 it looks so cute , a sleeveless lace dress in pink blush . 
 she looks like she 's going to a prom . 
 i briefly glance down at my skinny jeans that used to be really dark but have faded from a lot of wash , and my white wraparound chiffon blouse . 
 the boy sneaks a quick look to his left , then right , his hands shoved inside the pockets of his black pea coat , and i can tell that he 's schooling his face not to look embarrassed although he clearly wants the ground to swallow him whole . 
 more students come and pass them , and he seems a little worried . 
 worried they might attract attention ? 
 worried she might cause a scene ? 
 do n't know . 
 do n't care . 
 but he keeps his cool , not letting the tears , the hysterical whining , get to him . 
 i ca n't help but feel a smidgen of admiration . 
 i respect people like that . 
 he 's a bit of an ass , but ... he 's a very attractive ass , actually . 
 my eyes are glued to him , at his face , at his smooth , creamy dark honey skin . 
 his hair is shaved close to his head , which is perfectly round . 
 his lips are pink and look jelly soft , his nose is straight and pointed . 
 and his eyes are blue , the same shade as the clear los angeles sky . 
 and they 're looking straight back at me . 
 i jump a little . 
 shit . 
 i can feel myself blushing . 
 he averts his eyes indifferently , back to the girl . 
 she has her arms wrapped around herself . 
 i 'm not sure if she 's trying to hold herself together or just plain cold . 
 her boyfriend , or ex i suppose , speaks to her so softly , his lips barely moving , that i ca n't make it out . 
 with a curt nod , he leaves the girl gaping after him . 
 ***** i hate my father for making me do this . 
 today is the longest day of my life . 
 this school just does n't do it for me . 
 the rooms are smaller and darker than those i 'm used to . 
 the teachers are boring and patronising . 
 the students are annoying and unusually friendly . 
 and do n't get me started with the food . 
 let 's just say that i 'm not wasting my money on some grass and a tiny piece of chicken that tastes like cardboard . 
 i swear , after a week or so , i 'm going to do something stupid and illegal so this school will have no choice but to expel me . 
 that should send a subtle message to my dad . 
 and if he enrols me in a different school , i 'll just do the same . 
 i still have an hour left before home time . 
 i walk as slow as possible to my next class , checking my schedule as i ca n't even remember what my next class is . 
 critical thinking -- that 's it . 
 i 'm halfway up the stairs to the third floor when i realise the class is on the first floor . 
 i groan . 
 when i signed up for this , i thought it would be interesting , but i highly doubt that anything would perk my interest now . 
 the classroom is already almost full when i arrive . 
 i sit at the back , the farthest corner possible , thinking of ways to stop myself from falling asleep . 
 `` lennox wo n't take me back . 
 i have apologised a million times ... '' no way . 
 i look sideways to my left , and there she is -- zoe , the girl in the pink dress . 
 fuck . 
 she was in my english class , bawling her eyes out before the class started . 
 three hours later , and she 's still whinging about the breakup ? 
 please . 
 it 's not the end of the world ! 
 other people in the same situation would rather not talk about it , but apparently she 's not like other people . 
 she 's hunched in a chair , her head against the window , surrounded by three other girls with perfectly manicured fingernails . 
 they 're all wearing the same overly sympathetic expression on their faces , as if they have n't heard her story for like a dozen times already . 
 the boy comes in after a few minutes . 
 he walks in with his head up high , raising his eyebrows as he acknowledges some of the guys in the room , but i catch the sullen look on his face , like he 'd rather be somewhere else . 
 i know the feeling . 
 if i can make myself care , i 'd probably feel sorry for him . 
 though this is the only class we share , i can tell this is not the only class he shares with his ex . 
 unlucky . 
 he takes the chair in front of me and our eyes meet briefly . 
 i break eye contact , ignoring him completely . 
 but as soon as he turns around , my eyes are drawn back to him and before i know it , i 'm watching him through my lashes . 
 he sits with his long legs stretched out in front of him . 
 his shirt hikes up as he tries to lounge as low as possible , exposing a slice of his back and the waist band of his designer underwear . 
 nice skin . 
 shame he 's what my father calls a twat . 
 half of the students in the room pretend they do n't give a crap about the breakup , but i can palpably feel their curiosity . 
 i can smell it coming off of their skins . 
 jesus christ . 
 they are what my father calls nosy little buggers . 
 then a bearded professor with a receding hairline shuffles in . 
 like i 've said , this is the longest day of my life . 
 when my last class finally ends , i 'm out of the building as if it 's on fire . 
 the sun is shining , but the wind is still cold . 
 i 'm guessing that the temperature is just about four degrees . 
 i button my coat and hug my bag close to me while i search for my car keys . 
 `` i do n't want you to get horribly bored . '' 
 that 's what my dad said when he dropped the bombshell about sending me to school here . 
 and he said it with an evil smirk . 
 perhaps he wants me out of his way altogether , but i know he wants me to learn the consequences of using extortion . 
 plainly , he 's just taking the piss . 
 but i agreed without complaint , even my expression then was impassive . 
 i have to admit though , that the recent turn of events blows . 
 six feet away from the car , i press the remote and the lights flash as the car unlocks . 
 i notice the curious , admiring glances from people passing the car park on their way to the exit . 
 i 'm not oblivious to this , but not because i thrive on attention . 
 i 've just got used to surveying my surroundings . 
 like my dad taught me to . 
 though he did say that he 's very careful with his identity and how it will affect my safety , we both think it 's better to be careful , in case an exceptionally brilliant enemy manages to track him down . 
 with my head low , i hop in , start the car and crank the radio up . 
 for the first time , i ca n't wait to get home . 
 oh shit . 
 i have nothing to do at home . 
 chapter five there 's a big billboard along alma road advertising this wall climbing facility in windsor leisure centre . 
 i think of spending the rest of the afternoon alone in that old house , bored to tears . 
 so , after a bowl of tomato soup and a quick change , here i am , all geared up in black , staring at a wall . 
 but the multi-coloured holds attached to it almost make me change my mind . 
 it 's a little bit off-putting . 
 it looks so user-friendly . 
 not much of a challenge , without sounding overconfident . 
 this is nothing compared to the nine-day hike and climb my dad and i did in mexico . 
 i pull my hair to tighten my ponytail and approach the guy in grey fitted t-shirt and black tracksuit bottom , his back to me . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 the guy looks over his shoulder , a friendly smile on his face . 
 recognition flashes in his blue eyes and he narrows them , as if he 's trying to place where he has seen me . 
 his smile wavers a bit . 
 `` oh , it 's you , '' i say , with a hint of disrespect . 
 he raises his eyebrows , facing me completely with his hands clasped together in front of him . 
 his stance mirrors an easy confidence and grace without looking too cocky . 
 `` right , you 're the new girl in my ct class ... '' he smiles brightly , `` ... and in the car park . '' 
 i want to defend myself by saying i did n't mean to overhear their conversation but it was hard not to because his girlfriend wailed like a bad actress from the ` 60s . 
 but then , i 'm not 100 % sure he knows i heard them . 
 nonetheless , the same embarrassment i felt earlier after being caught watching , starts to creep back . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i thought you worked here . '' 
 the corners of his lips lift . 
 `` i work here . '' 
 that explains the beautiful arms . 
 i pull my fingerless gloves over my hands . 
 `` shall i go then ? '' 
 i jerk my chin towards the wall , to emphasize what i mean . 
 the guy raises his eyebrows again . 
 `` you have to queue . '' 
 `` i have to what ? '' 
 he half turns , showing me a line of people waiting for their turn , a line i did n't see , hidden behind his broad chest . 
 riiight . 
 i smile sweetly . 
 `` you 're american ? '' 
 he asks . 
 but it sounds more like a jeer . 
 `` raised there , '' i answer , walking towards the damn queue . 
 `` ah . 
 it 's the accent . 
 it gave you away , '' he calls after me . 
 accent my ass . 
 i can speak with a british accent if i choose to . 
 i look over my shoulder just in time to catch his eyes run up and down my body . 
 the little shit is checking me out . 
 huh . 
 there are six people in the line and i 'm the seventh and the last . 
 there 's a little boy , about twelve i suppose , but the rest of us are girls . 
 the other five look too eager and too giddy , as they pretend to read the safety advice , complete with illustrations , posted on the glass wall . 
 i take a deep breath and blow it out . 
 they 're amateurs , here to see the main attraction -- the boy . 
 ca n't blame them , the boy has lots of nice parts . 
 i watch him , i think his name is lennox , secure and demonstrate the basics to each person , one by one . 
 he seems to take more time with the blond with a pink stripe on her hair because she 's asking a lot of stupid questions . 
 he answers her politely . 
 then she starts to flirt . 
 oh , for the love of god . 
 i look on , curious to see his response . 
 he appears indifferent , but gracious as he tries his best to ignore the advances . 
 now i 'm amused . 
 when my turn comes , he removes his gloves and wipes his hands over his tracksuit bottoms . 
 picking up a black harness from the hook , he straps me , avoiding my eyes . 
 `` working here must be really fun . '' 
 i sort of cringe inside . 
 i hope i sound as british as him . 
 his eyes lift to mine , but his fingers carry on with their task of securing me . 
 he rewards me with a smile . 
 `` been practicing in your head ? 
 not bad . '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` have you done this before ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` uh-huh . '' 
 and i know i sound phoney . 
 `` you can say it out loud . '' 
 he presses his lips together before saying , `` i mean wall climbing . '' 
 oh . 
 `` yeah , sure , loads of times . '' 
 idiot . 
 `` brilliant . 
 i do n't have to teach you the basics , then . '' 
 `` race me instead ? '' 
 i challenge with a smile . 
 he laughs . 
 it 's throaty and sexy at the same time . 
 his blue eyes wrinkle on the sides . 
 `` all right , then . '' 
 he offers me his right hand and i stare at it , not sure why and what to do . 
 `` i 'm lennox . '' 
 oh . 
 he 's formally introducing himself . 
 englishman . 
 i take his hand and give it a shake . 
 it 's firm and strong as it grips mine . 
 `` i think it 's your turn to give me your name , if you do n't mind , of course . 
 that 's how it works here in good , old england . '' 
 he inclines his head in such an adorable way . 
 `` it 's ... jules , smartass . '' 
 `` jules smartass . 
 that 's a terrible , horrible name . '' 
 he grins . 
 he 's funny . 
 i let my fingertips graze his wrist . 
 she smells lovely . 
 i press my lips together to stop a smile , closing the door in my head . 
 i do n't want to see what 's in his mind . 
 it 's rude . 
 something tells me i should n't be rude to this guy . 
 as i slowly pull my hand away , our fingers touch and his linger . 
 for a split second , he closes his eyes , as if savouring our touch . 
 i hold my breath , tempted to read him , but his eyes fly open and peer into mine . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i ask . 
 lennox blinks . 
 clearing his throat , he pulls another harness from the hook and starts strapping himself as i wait . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 he asks once he 's finished . 
 we take our position by the foot of the tallest wall with a buzzer on the top . 
 lennox tests his harness as i test mine , making sure we 're secure . 
 `` on three ? '' 
 lennox looks at me and winks . 
 `` three ! '' 
 i start climbing , leaving him behind . 
 i hear him chuckle , climbing after me . 
 and he 's good -- fast . 
 almost as good as me . 
 well , he probably scaled this very wall a hundred times doing this job , and it certainly made him fit . 
 i watch him from the corner of my eyes , admiring his biceps . 
 he has that look of concentration on his face , but every move he makes appears effortless . 
 we 're neck and neck . 
 i pull myself up faster , reaching the top first . 
 with a heave , i tap the buzzer , grinning down at him . 
 lennox ascends as i wait , still grinning . 
 `` well , well , i did n't expect that . '' 
 he 's breathless . 
 `` i 'm full of surprises . '' 
 my hand reaches for my waist , releasing a fastener . 
 `` do n't ! '' 
 people scream from below . 
 realisation hits me like a slap in the face and i make a split-second reaction to correct my mistake , but i 'm also a second too late . 
 i 'm about to scream myself when a hand yanks and holds my wrist . 
 i look up and find lennox hanging precariously in his harness , holding my weight with one hand , while his other hand grips the cable . 
 god damn it ! 
 `` i wo n't let you go , '' he says . 
 i imagine myself plummeting down , breaking my bones and fracturing my skull , and i ca n't help it . 
 i ca n't stop the images from running through my head . 
 my heart is pounding like mad , i 'm afraid if it does n't calm down , the vibration will make my body somewhat heavier than normal . 
 i released the belay anchor , and did n't realise that i have no back up . 
 i 'm so used to my father 's super sophisticated gadgets that i actually forget that i 'm not using one . 
 stupid ! 
 and i 'm a bit ashamed to admit that lennox 's close proximity has distracted me . 
 like the first time dad took me to disneyland , ten years ago . 
 it was april fools , and i made a complete fool of myself -- standing in front of the gates , so completely in awe that my mouth was gaping open and my eyes were shining . 
 the moment i set foot inside the park , i burst into tears . 
 and right at this moment , i feel like i made a fool of myself all over again . 
 at least , ten years ago , it was all right -- i was a child , it was okay to feel overwhelmed . 
 but here -- now -- i have no excuse . 
 i 'm plainly and undeniably pathetic . 
 careless should never be me . 
 especially not because of a boy . 
 `` can you reach the hold ? '' 
 he asks , his arms straining against my weight . 
 huh . 
 i 'm not that heavy . 
 my free hand grabs the hold nearest to my reach as i plant my foot on the other . 
 claps and cheers erupt from below . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 lennox asks . 
 he uprights himself like a tissu performer , descending a little , reaching for my harness in an attempt to fasten me back . 
 i thought he 's an ass for breaking up with a girl in public , now i take that back . 
 he 's a brave , strong , ass . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 no need for that . '' 
 i brush the anchor away . 
 he lets the rope go and the anchor hangs in the air . 
 contemplating as to how i 'm going to descend , i do n't notice that lennox has shifted , positioning himself behind me . 
 `` i 'm not an ass to let you go down on your own , besides the health and safety issues . '' 
 his right arm circles my waist . 
 i lean back on his chest , or he presses himself against my back -- i 'm not sure anymore . 
 all i 'm aware of is how solid he feels . 
 i reach up and grab his cable , swallowing hard . 
 `` you 're ready ? '' 
 he whispers close to my right ear . 
 his breath smells like mint , it 's warm and it tickles the side of my neck . 
 i nod , not trusting myself to speak . 
 together , we start to go down . 
 slowly . 
 i do n't notice that my knees are actually shaking , until my feet touch the ground . 
 it takes me a good few seconds before i finally let go of the cable , afraid that i might slither to the white tiled floor . 
 but i 'm not nervous-scared . 
 i 'm more like ... electrified , so aware of his cold palm resting on my belly . 
 how it got under my tank top , past my harness , i 'm not sure . 
 i do n't care . 
 my cheeks feel warm . 
 i ca n't stop the blush from creeping up from my neck to my face . 
 i do n't face him , until he removes his hand from my skin . 
 `` thank you , '' i say . 
 `` your arm must be aching . '' 
 lennox is watching me , with a look of mellow delight . 
 `` you 're not that heavy , '' he says with a shrug . 
 chapter six i follow lennox to what i assume is the manager 's office . 
 i 'm a few steps behind him and he does n't know . 
 i slip inside the room with the sign employees only on the door . 
 of course , i ca n't just let him take the blame and get the sack . 
 my steps are light on the tiled floor as i walk through the narrow hallway with grey , metal lockers lining the wall . 
 the lockers have no locks and they 're narrow , unlike the lockers in the customer changing room . 
 some are wide open , showing all their contents , bags and all sorts of personal items , even valuables . 
 it shows you the kind of people that work here -- trusting and honest . 
 i find him in the corner with another guy , slightly shorter than him , with blond hair that curls on his nape . 
 the other guy is obviously unimpressed , talking fast and low . 
 alarm is evident on his frowning face . 
 `` what the bloody hell happened there , reeves ? 
 that girl could have died , or worse , can sue ! '' 
 lennox has this funny look on his face . 
 he shakes his head , his hands in his pockets . 
 `` i 'm sorry , it 's ... '' `` sorry to interrupt . 
 hi there . 
 i 'm the girl . 
 the idiot , '' i say with a wave to his boss or something . 
 i glance at lennox . 
 his eyes are curious and wide . 
 he cocks his head to the side , a silent what the hell are you doing here ? 
 i face the other guy again , extending my hand . 
 `` you should n't be back here , '' blond guy says , but he takes my hand anyway . 
 i can tell that he 's intrigued , that he finds me a bit interesting . 
 i always make that first impression with the opposite sex , regardless of age . 
 throw me in a room full of girls and people 's eyes tend to linger on me longer . 
 i do n't know why , probably because of the way i move , the flirty twinkle in my eyes , the confidence i emit , or the huskiness in my voice . 
 `` i know . '' 
 drop the incident as a freak accident . 
 it 's no one 's fault , i whisper in his head . 
 `` i just want to clear something . 
 it 's not lennox 's fault . '' 
 it 's mine , is left unsaid . 
 my pride can only suffer so much . 
 i let go of his hand . 
 the manager 's eyes come back to life , as though he was just daydreaming a few seconds ago and realises someone 's actually talking to him . 
 `` yeah . 
 sure . 
 do n't worry about it . '' 
 he shakes his head a little , before eyeing lennox , who crosses his arms over his chest , watching us . 
 `` that must have scared you shitless , '' blondie says , slapping lennox on the shoulder . 
 `` you can finish now . '' 
 lennox jerks a little , like someone poked him with something sharp . 
 `` are you sure ? 
 i still have half an hour . '' 
 `` it 's cool , mate . '' 
 he smiles at me and excuses himself . 
 `` oh ! 
 just promise to do that charity run for us , '' he adds like an afterthought , then turns without waiting for a response , pushing a white door with a small square window open and disappearing inside . 
 now , lennox and i stand in a tiny corner next to a drinking fountain , in amazed silence . 
 that 's not me . 
 i did not compel that man to do that . 
 `` i should get going then before he changes his mind , '' lennox whispers . 
 he turns to me . 
 studies me ... `` right . 
 i should go . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 he inclines his head . 
 `` for that . '' 
 `` it 's the least i could do . '' 
 i shrug , turn and walk away . 
 it 's the least i could do ? 
 what the fuck was that ? 
 i do n't look back at him . 
 but he 's already next to me . 
 we walk past the same lockers , neither of us talking . 
 i fix my eyes on the blue door with a silver handle , not wanting to walk out through it . 
 why is it suddenly so awkward ? 
 screw it . 
 `` would you like to get some coffee ? '' 
 i ask , as i feel a hand on my elbow and hear lennox say at the same time , `` will you wait for me outside , please ? '' 
 we gaze at each other . 
 i feel some sort of relief inside and my stomach relaxes . 
 i 'm not even aware it 's in knots until i notice the amused smile on lennox 's face . 
 `` i 'm just going get my stuff , '' he says , gesturing towards the locker beside him . 
 i step out and swear under my breath . 
 what the fuck is wrong and what the hell am i doing ? 
 i check my reflection in the window , wishing i brought some clothes to change into . 
 but why do i care if i look like a sweaty cow ? 
 it 's just a thank-you coffee , for christ 's sake . 
 okay , he 's attractive , and he 's funny , and interesting . 
 we have n't talked about anything that will suggest that we have anything else in common , apart from our passion for wall climbing . 
 but the thing is ... i find myself wanting to find out if we have anything else in common . 
 and the knowledge does n't sit in my stomach very well . 
 the blue door opens after exactly ten minutes and there he is , in dark jeans and light brown sweater . 
 now , i want to kick him for not complementing my clothes . 
 he smiles when he sees me , and he seems genuinely glad . 
 `` come on , i 'll take you to the best coffee shop in windsor , '' he says . 
 suddenly , i 'm excited , which is weird and dumb . 
 this is just some harmless curiosity . 
 just a harmless curiosity . 
 harmless . 
 curiosity . 
 okay . 
 besides , i 'm bored , i do n't know anyone here , and he seems so nice . 
 he saved my life . 
 and he 's so easy on the eyes . 
 this thing , this knot in my chest , this buzz in my ears , it should be gone by the time i finish my coffee . 
 `` it 's not starbucks , is it ? '' 
 lennox makes a sound that 's close to a snort . 
 `` of course not . '' 
 ***** the brown bag is just a few blocks from lennox 's workplace . 
 we walk there because it feels stupid to drive in two separate cars and lennox says parking is difficult to find . 
 it 's not the typical internet café , the type where i used to hang out back in new york . 
 this coffee shop is a proper coffee shop . 
 they serve hot drinks and pastries . 
 nothing else . 
 i like it immediately . 
 i like the ambiance and the actual shop itself . 
 it 's like stepping into the set of lord of the rings , inside bilbo 's house . 
 i think it used to have a circular door , but it probably broke or something , and they replaced it with a proper rectangular one and fitted two curved glass panels on each side and one on the top . 
 the inside is almost similar to the film set . 
 it 's a beam-enthusiast haven , with low chandeliers and small furniture . 
 really charming , i must say . 
 and the smell ... oh , my good lord ! 
 the chocolaty-coffee aroma greets us the moment we step in , and i think i have died and gone to heaven . 
 lennox ushers me to a corner table , by the window . 
 he takes his jacket off and flings it over the fabric armchair . 
 `` what do you fancy ? '' 
 `` i do n't know yet , '' i say , thinking of him . 
 not sure if this is how brits do things , but if he 's expecting to me to sit and let him place my order , then he 's in for a shock . 
 i make my way to the counter . 
 out of habit , i memorise everything about my surroundings : the number of chairs and tables , the people , the possible exits ... lennox is only a couple of steps behind me . 
 as i scan the menu board , he tells the lady with a black apron what he wants , and then turns to me , waiting . 
 `` i 'll have café mocha , please , '' i say . 
 we wait there as the same lady who took our orders makes the coffee . 
 the light from the curved pastry display casts a glow on lennox 's face as he leans closer to check out a cake . 
 he does n't strike me as a person with a sweet tooth , but the way his eyes fill with interest as he eyes a slice of sponge cake with jam and cream in the middle tells me that i 'm wrong . 
 i do n't know why , but the thought of him liking cakes warms something inside me . 
 the lady on the other side of the la marzocco slams the portafilter to get rid of the used coffee granules and refills it . 
 she grunts as she crushes it down before inserting the portafilter into the machine . 
 i can smell and hear the espresso as it pours into a cup , and as it does , the lady froths the milk . 
 seems like a long-winded process to make good coffee , but i 'm not complaining . 
 lennox insists on paying , despite my arguments that this is my idea and this is supposed to be my treat to him , for saving my life . 
 `` do n't be so melodramatic . 
 you 're not the only idiot i have risked my life and flipped upside-down for . 
 literally . '' 
 i laugh . 
 `` besides , i could have been sacked back there , but you came to my rescue . '' 
 he cocks his head to the side . 
 `` we 're even . '' 
 great . 
 i do n't like owing people any debt or favours . 
 i do n't like giving people any leverage over me . 
 but i know for sure that this is different . 
 i will never forget this day . 
 he said we 're even . 
 hardly . 
 we weave our way back to that little nook . 
 i sit on the left side of the two-seater , and lennox takes the armchair opposite me . 
 he places his white , porcelain mug on the low square oak table between us . 
 i do n't know why , but i 'm slightly disappointed , which shocks me . 
 i blow on my coffee . 
 `` earlier , about your accent , i was just messing with you . 
 i can be a total knob , you see . 
 if i have offended you , i 'm sorry . 
 but really , you did n't sound fake at all , '' he says . 
 i wave it off . 
 i actually forgot about it already . 
 i was n't that offended . 
 but it 's nice that he apologised . 
 my dad said i do n't have to touch someone to read a person . 
 i just have to study the face and the body language . 
 so i discreetly watch lennox whenever i can , from under my lashes , his reflection in the window , and over the rim of my coffee mug . 
 he is really attractive . 
 there 's honesty in his blue eyes . 
 he is trying to look cool , by the lazy way he lounges on that armchair , by the casual tilt of his head , but the way he cracks his knuckles shows that he is a bit nervous . 
 worried that he might say something wrong ? 
 these little things warm me up towards him , if i 'm not already . 
 `` are you an exchange student ? '' 
 lennox asks . 
 i laugh a little . 
 he raises an eyebrow , silently asking me why i thought the question was funny . 
 i look at him over the rim of my mug . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` did you move here with your family ? '' 
 `` dad . '' 
 apparently i have been reduced to one-word sentences . 
 honestly , i 'm not trying to be mysterious . 
 but being alone in the corner with him , and the way his eyes constantly travel to my lips , makes me nervous . 
 i clear my throat . 
 `` i came here with my dad . 
 and i 'm hoping our stay is not permanent . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 oh ? 
 `` and your mum ? '' 
 he says mum instead of mom . 
 `` she 's not around anymore . '' 
 i see his expression change from interested to rueful . 
 `` but she 's still very much alive . 
 she just left , which in my book means she 's as good as dead . '' 
 i did not just say that . 
 that 's morbid . 
 not to mention bitchy and depressing . 
 i practically told this boy i have loads of issues . 
 i catch a glimpse of his reaction just before i purposely sip my coffee to hide my face , and it is the perfect definition of the word `` awkward . '' 
 i give him my fakest sweet smile , to show that i was only joking , though i 'm not . 
 i do n't know why i mentioned my mother to this stranger . 
 he 's still a stranger whether he saved my neck or not , but i blurted it out anyway -- the most sensitive subject of my life . 
 my mother is the only individual that makes me feel unwanted , even up to now . 
 yeah , i 'm different , but i bet she thinks that i should n't be alive , that there 's something evil coursing through my blood . 
 not a good topic to fire up a conversation . 
 i push her out of my mind and give lennox a shrug that i hope tells him that the subject is closed . 
 `` i know what you mean , '' lennox says . 
 `` really ? '' 
 i highly doubt it . 
 `` who bailed out ? '' 
 `` i 'm an orphan , '' he blurts out . 
 yikes ! 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 i do n't know what else to say . 
 it 's like we 're playing my life is worse than yours . 
 i study him closely , and he seems to be thinking the same thing . 
 he 's biting the inside of his left cheek . 
 his face is a bit flushed . 
 i guess each other 's presence made us a little careless . 
 like some force is working against our better judgement , deleting any filter or barrier between us , whether we like it or not . 
 lennox suddenly shrugs and smiles . 
 `` what brings you and your father here ? '' 
 and there it is -- the awkward change of subject . 
 i tuck my legs up under me . 
 `` business , '' i say . 
 that reminds me , i have no clue where my father is or if he 's coming home tonight . 
 he does n't normally tell me the details about his assignments . 
 the less i know -- the better . 
 but he always tells me where he 's going . 
 makes me wonder if he 's really here on a job , or he 's here to see someone . 
 someone special . 
 note to self : investigate . 
 `` what does he do ? '' 
 lennox asks , reaching for his mug and cuddling it between his palms , just like i 'm doing . 
 i ca n't help but wonder why he is so curious about my dad . 
 but then , of course , we have to talk about someone or something . 
 i 'm being paranoid . 
 it 's an innocent question . 
 `` he 's in consultancy . 
 businesses ask for his opinions in public affairs . '' 
 `` hmmm . '' 
 `` it 's a boring job , but it has its perks . '' 
 i tell him that the work requires my dad to travel a lot . 
 not exactly a lie . 
 `` must be hard for you ... '' that 's not the response i 'm expecting . 
 i must be more transparent than i 'd like to admit . 
 i ca n't find the right response . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't mean to make it sound so bad . '' 
 lennox sounds alarmed . 
 `` he 's not always away . 
 he conducts most of his business in new york and sometimes ... '' `` here ? '' 
 lennox supplies and i nod . 
 he smiles , and it catches me off guard . 
 because when he smiles , he really does look like someone you would have to be willing to fight a hundred girls just to get to know . 
 `` this place can be a great second home , as long as you do n't mind the constant rain . '' 
 i laugh . 
 `` no wonder my father moved to the states . '' 
 `` is he english ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` maybe he loathes the weather , but he loves the culture -- hence the school . '' 
 i roll my eyes . 
 `` uh-oh ... i reckon your stay is going to be for a long run , '' he says , nodding like it 's a challenge . 
 a bet . 
 well ... he could be right , he could be wrong , but with my father , who the fuck knows ? 
 i sip my coffee . 
 `` possibly , but school is the least of my worries . 
 i can handle school . '' 
 `` i 'm glad at least one of us can , '' he says , more to himself . 
 there 's something mischievous about the way he says it . 
 and then he grins . 
 without meaning to , i find myself shamelessly staring at him . 
 i have this itch inside my brain . 
 this is totally surreal . 
 i have never had any real boyfriends . 
 no , actually , i dated sam johnson for seven months . 
 he 's a swimmer , attractive and uncomplicated . 
 i decided to try the exclusive thing with him , simply because my best friend pressured me to . 
 apparently , my reputation was on the brink of collapse , i was about to cross the line between popular to slut . 
 i 'm not the in-your-face sort of girl . 
 i do n't dress like a hoe . 
 i do n't dump and jump to the next one . 
 but i did some things that i 'm not proud of . 
 i had a phase , intensified by my utmost desire to manipulate . 
 and some people might have seen me with a lot of guys , and by people i mean stella and her minions , and they drew their own assumptions that i could have stopped by a single touch , but i did n't bother . 
 it would require a lot of work and i did n't have the time and the energy . 
 so i let stella -- my enemy , and her idiot friends , gossip about me . 
 quite frankly , they gave me a hard time . 
 stella was very convincing , and she made it her mission to destroy me after i kicked her ass in archery . 
 unfortunately for them , none of those guys said anything about being with me . 
 their lips are sealed to secrecy . 
 i compelled them not to talk . 
 and they obeyed . 
 they had to , because they did n't like the feeling of going against my mind control . 
 it 's like when a vegetarian craves for red meat . 
 it makes them feel sick . 
 after a while , i stopped . 
 the whole hooking up after a party , the next morning mind compulsion , the sneaking out -- they all became tedious . 
 not to mention , my conscience became quite a nag . 
 i know it was wrong , but back then , i felt extremely reckless and powerful . 
 those few hours of feeling very wanted , desired , and sometimes worshipped , it was exciting for me . 
 with sam , it was safe . 
 i liked him , yeah , but it was never meant for more . 
 because falling in love does n't happen to me . 
 i guess it 's the secrets . 
 they make it extra hard . 
 it is difficult to trust someone with things they do n't understand . 
 i have my mother as proof . 
 for me , it 's exceptionally easy to make mistakes because i can make it right . 
 but it 's extremely tough to find something right for fear of losing it . 
 i should stop right there . 
 i should not associate lennox with the word boyfriend or love or trust , as though he could be the answer to all three . 
 because he 's not . 
 he 's just a boy who was fast enough to catch me before i fell . 
 chapter seven `` what 's up , elle ? '' 
 i drop my bag at the foot of the stairs and drag my feet to the living room . 
 `` dad , you 've made your point , okay ? 
 when can i stop going to that dreadful school ? '' 
 i groan and sit next to him on the black leather couch and peer at his laptop . 
 he closes it quickly and reaches for his whiskey glass on the coffee table . 
 it 's almost full to the brim . 
 i frown at him . 
 `` i 'm not trying to make any point . 
 i just do n't want you running around in town doing nothing . '' 
 the truth is he does n't know what to do with me . 
 he 's used to shipping me to boarding school . 
 if i 'm not in school , he does n't work and we go on trips . 
 he never mixes me and work together , for obvious reasons . 
 he tried to do that -- ship me to a boarding school here , but he suddenly changed his mind . 
 my father is a killer , but when it comes to me , he 's not completely heartless . 
 besides , i 'm seventeen . 
 i 'm not a kid anymore . 
 if i decide to leave the new york boarding school , he 'd probably let me . 
 he 'd probably give me the freedom to make my own choices . 
 `` elle ? '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 he takes a deep breath . 
 his eyes are wandering but not settling on me . 
 weird . 
 he 's making me feel uneasy . 
 my eyes shift to his hand . 
 i watch him swirl counter clockwise what 's left of the whiskey , and i doubt that he 's aware of his action . 
 really weird . 
 there 's a slight niggle in my mind . 
 he only drinks like this if things are n't going smooth . 
 i raise my eyebrows and wait . 
 `` i can hear your phone from here , vibrating like mad . '' 
 i listen for the sound . 
 `` it can wait . '' 
 `` answer it , '' he commands , turning away . 
 fine ! 
 if he does n't want to tell me , i 'm not going to force him . 
 i get up . 
 `` can i ditch tomorrow then ? '' 
 `` no . 
 school is important . '' 
 so much for freedom of choice . 
 he pours more of the amber liquid into his glass , filling it again to the top . 
 work must be giving him a lot of grief . 
 i could ask him about it , but i highly doubt that he 'd tell me anyway . 
 i 'd only know about his targets after i heard in the news that they died or went missing , and i 'd ask -- that was you ? 
 and he 'd confirm with a nod . 
 i hop over his stretched legs and dash out to the hallway . 
 i fish my phone out of the inside pocket of my bag . 
 my breath catches and i gape at the screen , wondering if i 'm seeing things . 
 after all , i have imagined this moment a lot of times , i could be imagining it again . 
 it 's been more than a week . 
 i 'm already sure that he 's never going to call , and i 'm already debating with myself whether to delete his number or not . 
 but i do n't . 
 and i do n't get it . 
 i mean , i definitely felt the connection back there in the brown bag , and i know he 's felt the same thing . 
 we both did n't want that day to end . 
 we drank so many mugs of coffee that i had trouble sleeping . 
 we talked about every single thing , including the weather , just so we did n't have to call it a night . 
 and most of the topics we discussed were usually something you talk about after months of knowing each other . 
 within an hour , we actually dived right into the deep end . 
 it was scary at first , to speak of super personal stuff , afraid i might spill out the thing about my dad and our secret ability . 
 but i managed to leave those out . 
 `` you 're dangerous , '' lennox said . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` you 're so easy to talk to . '' 
 so easy to talk to , that now i know that his parents died when he was eight and an old widower who was retired from the military and had two grown-up children adopted him . 
 his teenage years were not all freedom and parties . 
 and as soon as he turned eighteen , he moved out and got a place of his own . 
 `` do n't get me wrong . 
 he 's awesome . 
 i 'm grateful . 
 but we have different outlooks in life . 
 in fact , we only agree on one thing . '' 
 but he did n't elaborate what that one thing was . 
 some girls may be petrified and put off with this too-much-information bullshit , but i 'm not some girl . 
 i do n't know , i 'm not the good listener type , but with lennox , i think i can be . 
 perhaps , it 's the `` connection '' thing . 
 however , the next day , it was like we never spoke at all . 
 he was like a stranger again . 
 he only managed to utter a noncommittal hello . 
 that 's fine . 
 i should n't really care . 
 i did n't come here to bag a boyfriend . 
 i came here to get my point across to my father -- although that point seems to have become unimportant and unclear as the days go by . 
 and now his name is flashing on the screen of my phone . 
 i answer it just a ring away from going to voicemail . 
 `` jules ? 
 hi yah . '' 
 there 's a pause . 
 `` erm , are you busy ? '' 
 his voice sounds weird but good . 
 `` who is this ? '' 
 i ask . 
 a little kick on his self-esteem should teach him a lesson . 
 there 's another longer pause . 
 `` it 's lennox . '' 
 `` oh . 
 right ... hi ! '' 
 i try to make it sound like i 'm faking my enthusiasm . 
 `` is it ... a bad time ? '' 
 `` i just got home and i 'm just about to start on that paper , '' i lie . 
 i have finished the said paper two days ago . 
 `` right ... '' it 's so weird that we both like to say the word ` right ' . 
 `` have you done yours ? '' 
 i hear something that 's a cross between a chuckle and a scoff . 
 `` it 's due tomorrow , '' i add , and sound just like my father -- chastising . 
 `` i do n't do homework . '' 
 wow . 
 i guess the stuff that i heard about him being the special kid is true . 
 apparently , teachers have been pretty lenient towards him because of his special circumstances , despite the fact that it has been ten years since his parents died , and he has n't gone to school in this town since then , until now . 
 that 's what happens when your life or an event in your life suddenly becomes a part of the town 's history -- people remember . 
 they remembered him . 
 he ca n't escape the reminders . 
 but people are prepared to cut him some slack . 
 he even went truant for a whole school semester without as much as a goodbye , see you later . 
 but because he 's smart -- his grades are brilliant for someone who does n't do homework , to be honest -- he got away with it . 
 and it seems like he still gets away with almost everything . 
 i should be ashamed for digging up his past , but i 'm not . 
 `` i 'm wondering ... would you be interested to go out , grab a bite ? '' 
 he 's asking me out . 
 i feel a flutter in my stomach . 
 i glance at my dad , who is busy fiddling with his laptop . 
 `` please ? 
 i 've been busy and i 'd really like to catch up . '' 
 i stare in space for like a lifetime , pondering . 
 the problem is boys like him think they can do whatever they want , however and whenever they please . 
 the problem is my pride and principles are winning over my curiosity . 
 i take a deep breath . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 sorry . '' 
 ***** i do n't normally think of boys . 
 well ... that 's a lie . 
 boys do cross my mind , mostly because cassie wo n't shut up about them , but i do n't think of them constantly and not this way . 
 this way is completely baffling . 
 this way makes my heart beat twice as fast when i see someone tall and broad-shouldered with a shaved head . 
 this way petrifies me in ways i ca n't explain . 
 before i can retract my decision , before i can let him persuade me -lrb- if -rrb- , i end the call . 
 and i also end up slapping the phone repeatedly against my forehead . 
 i 'm such an idiot . 
 well , at least i have my pride . 
 fuck off . 
 it 's not raining today , and that 's a first . 
 since i came here , i have never seen the ground dry and there 's always that tinge of grey in the sky . 
 summer is almost over and the trees are shedding their leaves . 
 it 's depressing , really . 
 but i guess the people here are used to it now . 
 but today , it 's different . 
 it 's special . 
 the weather is mild , fifteen degrees . 
 warm enough to just wear a thin shirt , and i 'm glad i opted for a white tank top , or vest , with lace along the straps and half its back . 
 it seems like summer has decided to grace us one last time before skipping town . 
 the sun is up , and i can actually feel a bit of warmth on my face as i walk along the high street , attempting to do some shopping . 
 it 's the best distraction in the world . 
 and i 'm not the only one taking advantage of fair weather . 
 people throng the sidewalks and the riverbank , jogging , walking dogs and pushing prams . 
 a group of boys kick football in the nearby park . 
 watching them makes me remember my own childhood . 
 i never went to soccer practice or ballet class . 
 my dad taught me how to play the piano , but that was by far the only normal activity he shared with me . 
 my stomach warms at the thought of those hours i sat in front of the piano with my father . 
 or maybe it 's just the smell of fish and chips . 
 i have n't had fish and chips before -- my father says it 's bad for his abs , completely disregarding the fact that i do n't care about his abs . 
 i feel the phone vibrate in my pocket . 
 speaking of my father ! 
 `` i 'll be home before dark ! '' 
 `` hello is the normal form of greeting when you answer the phone , '' he scolds . 
 he sounds a little drunk . 
 `` anyway , i 'm on my way where you are . 
 i feel like having a four course meal tonight . '' 
 what ? 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because ! '' 
 i wait for the rest of it , but nothing comes . 
 `` are you okay to drive ? '' 
 `` of course ! '' 
 his answers say otherwise . 
 oh well . 
 he 'll be fine . 
 `` stay put . 
 i 'll be five minutes . 
 see you in a bit . '' 
 then he 's gone . 
 that man can be very weird sometimes . 
 i enter a bookstore and browse their bestsellers pile . 
 after a couple of minutes , i place the book i 'm checking out back on the shelf . 
 i was planning on spending some time in the quiet corner of the bookstore , but that 's not going to happen now . 
 as i head towards the exit , i notice a tall man with light curly hair , four rows away , watching me . 
 he looks away when i meet his eye , and starts browsing a hardbound book about gardening , i think . 
 there 's something familiar about him . 
 i 've seen him before , somewhere , but i ca n't remember when and where exactly . 
 i sift through my brain , searching for the memory that will match a place with the face ... hang on a minute . 
 dad did n't ask me where i am . 
 i glare at my phone in disgust . 
 that man can be very creepy sometimes . 
 true to his words , he arrives exactly five minutes later and whisks me to this restaurant that looks like they 'll charge you just for inhaling their ambiance . 
 the waiter leads us to a table in the corner , near the window , and pulls the chair out for me . 
 my father does n't waste any time . 
 obviously , he 's been here before because he completely ignores the menu and gives his order outright , from starter to dessert , plus his choice of wine and coffee . 
 my heart is still set on fish and chips , but i highly doubt they 'll have it here , so i just ask for a salad . 
 dad raises an eyebrow . 
 `` i 'm trying to be good , '' i say with a shrug . 
 dad chats as we wait for our food to come . 
 he 's very good at keeping our conversation innocuous -- nothing that might give his troubles away or give an impression that he 's not in control . 
 and i always enjoy our talks . 
 he 's the best storyteller in the world . 
 maybe because of the adventures he 's had , and he 's had hands-on experience about almost everything . 
 i do n't think there 's any country in the world that he has n't been , and that includes north korea . 
 strange that he does n't seem intoxicated now , as though i 've only imagined the way he sounded over the phone . 
 as always , he looks polished . 
 collected . 
 halfway through his main course , he fishes his phone out . 
 his eyes narrow , then he frowns . 
 something 's up and he has to leave , i 'm pretty sure of it . 
 he slips his phone back into his jacket pocket and picks up his napkin . 
 `` there 's something i need to take care of . '' 
 i completely and honestly understand , and i 'm used to this now , so i 'm not even disappointed when i say , `` sure . '' 
 i do n't want him to feel the need to apologise . 
 he gets up and kisses the top of my head . 
 `` ahem ! '' 
 dad cocks his head to the side . 
 i meet his eyes , then incline my head towards the food in front of me . 
 his eyes spark with understanding . 
 there 's an amused smile on his lips when he reaches inside his jacket again , producing a wad of cash . 
 `` finish this quickly then go home . '' 
 `` kk . '' 
 the waiter watches him leave and is probably wondering what now , with the way he 's glancing at me . 
 i wave him over , cancel the rest of dad 's order and ask for the bill . 
 but i have no intention of going home . 
 not yet anyway . 
 i still want that fish and chips . 
 as the doorman opens the door for me , i feel the excitement run along my back . 
 i can feel the pep in my step . 
 i know it 's stupid but when you 've been wanting to do or experience something for so long and now you 're about to do it , you ca n't help but be thrilled , no matter how pathetic it is , like fish and freaking chips . 
 my brain is producing some enzyme because suddenly i can smell it . 
 i have to stop the urge to laugh ... `` hi . '' 
 i freeze . 
 for a moment , i ca n't pick the right response . 
 lennox is standing , more like waiting , outside by the door like a guard . 
 his hands are in his pockets , staring across the road , bouncing on his heels . 
 i realise he did n't say `` hi '' to me . 
 he 's practicing . 
 `` hi , '' i say . 
 he jumps , like he 's seen a giant talking rat . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` i saw you from the window . '' 
 i feel a tinge of guilt because i 'm obviously not doing homework . 
 but then again , i do n't give a shit . 
 i put my right hand on my hip . 
 `` are you stalking me ? '' 
 he completely ignores my quip . 
 `` i was n't avoiding you . 
 there are so many things going on lately , with zoe and my dad ... '' what ?! 
 `` what ? '' 
 caution , then realisation sparks in his eyes . 
 he blushes . 
 `` i want to say i 'm sorry . '' 
 fucking hell ! 
 am i really that obvious ? 
 my face suddenly feels really warm . 
 how can this guy read me like he 's one of us , like he has the ability ? 
 i 've put myself in a vulnerable position here . 
 i have to double my wall , make it thicker , in case he can see through it . 
 `` so you followed me ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i have to apologise straight away , in person , because i wo n't be able to sleep if i do n't , and i feel really sick in my stomach knowing that i have offended you . '' 
 my eyes narrow . 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i took some stuff to the dry cleaners . '' 
 he grins , jerking his thumb to his right . 
 and there it is , across the street -- johnson 's the cleaners . 
 bastard . 
 `` so . 
 are you going home now ? '' 
 lennox asks . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm going to get some fish and chips . 
 do you want to come with ? '' 
 i bite my tongue as soon as the words are out . 
 i just refused this guy a couple of hours ago , and now i 'm inviting him ! 
 `` did n't you just eat ? '' 
 lennox eyes are wide with surprise . 
 `` i just had a salad . '' 
 `` in there ? '' 
 he still has this expression like he ca n't quite figure me out . 
 so i explain that my father was with me , but he received an urgent call from `` work . '' 
 `` so he buggered off ? '' 
 `` basically ... yeah . '' 
 his face pulls into a look of comprehension . 
 then he says with a smile , `` fish and chips , eh ? 
 all right then . 
 let 's get fat together . '' 
 chapter eight i open my eyes and lie very still . 
 i 'm in my bedroom , finally drifting off to sleep after countless replays in my head of the hours i 've spent with lennox . 
 but there 's another voice in the house -- an unfamiliar voice . 
 unfamiliar voices always jerk me awake . 
 i stare above me , knowing the ceiling is right there but i ca n't see it through the dark . 
 my room is in complete blackness , like a tomb . 
 then slowly , my eyes adjust to the dark and things start to take shape -- the chandelier hanging above , near the foot of my bed , the flat screen tv across the room that still has n't been plugged in but is already hanging on the wall , my jacket draped on the back of the chaise near the window ... `` why are you here ? '' 
 that 's my father 's voice . 
 he sounds calm , but i hear an undercurrent , like he 's not pleased to see whoever it is . 
 `` you did n't tell me she came with you , '' the foreign voice says . 
 it 's an old man 's voice , gritty and hoarse and a bit shaky . 
 but it 's a voice that has authority . 
 `` because she did n't , '' my father answers . 
 `` ah ! 
 already showing her rebellious side , i gather . '' 
 there 's a distinct pride in his words , like he 's taking credit for my stubbornness . 
 like what i did was something admirable . 
 who can he be ? 
 but my father answers , `` you ca n't see her . 
 it 's late . 
 she 's asleep . '' 
 the old man laughs . 
 and it sounds slightly bitter . 
 `` even if i came here early in the evening , you will not let me see her anyway . '' 
 `` and you know why . '' 
 `` i know , but i do n't completely understand . 
 what happened in the past was not my fault . '' 
 `` i just want her safe . '' 
 `` and being as far away from me as possible will guarantee that , you reckon ? 
 i chose you over my own children ... '' `` and look where it got you . '' 
 i sit up , swinging my legs over the edge of the bed . 
 the floor is freezing , shocking the tips of my toes . 
 i want to dash out of the room , have a tiny peek to see , but instead i quietly drop onto the cold hard floor , flat on my front , my ear pressed against the narrow gap under the door . 
 i smell a woody scent and wax mixed together . 
 the flooring is hard on my chest and i have to use my arms to support my upper body to get comfortable or my boobs will get squashed . 
 `` i did n't ask you to do that . '' 
 dad sounds sorry . 
 he never sounds sorry in his life . 
 i 'm puzzled . 
 `` no , you did n't . '' 
 after a minute of silence , i hear some noise -- a door handle turning , a gush of wind , traffic and some other outside sounds . 
 whoever he is , he 's leaving . 
 `` thank you , by the way . 
 the money will be wired to you as per our usual protocol . '' 
 `` hang on , just wait a sec . 
 i 'm sorry -- about him . 
 whatever it is that you 're planning to do , let me do it . '' 
 `` one of my spies is dead . 
 isaac killed malcolm and isaac is my responsibility . 
 he is my son . 
 i let this whole damn situation come to this . 
 i have known it for a while , but i kept looking the other way . '' 
 `` i can take care of it all . 
 just bring him to me . '' 
 `` i ca n't . 
 it 's too late for that . 
 his hatred of me is too strong ; i do n't think it would work . 
 it 's what drives him to hurt me in every possible way . 
 so i 'll clean this mess up . 
 not you . '' 
 there 's genuine anguish in the old man 's voice . 
 `` besides , i do n't want to put you in a very bad position with ... '' `` i 'm already in that position . 
 you do n't have to be . 
 she 's all you 've got left . '' 
 `` no , but i suppose in your eyes , she is . '' 
 the old man 's voice drops to a whisper , and for a moment i 'm grateful for my sharp hearing . 
 `` just so you know she never spilled a word to me , to anyone . '' 
 `` i did n't mess with her mind . '' 
 `` i 'm not implying that you did . 
 why are you always so defensive , ian ? '' 
 the old man asks , but not in an accusing manner . 
 in fact , he sounds to be in awe . 
 whoever this person is , he cares for my father wholeheartedly . 
 i can tell from his voice . 
 he speaks to my father with admiration , with reverence . 
 as though he believes that my father can do nothing wrong . 
 and i think i know now who he is . 
 `` i 'll ring you when it 's done . '' 
 i hear the door close with a click . 
 quickly , i push myself off the floor , slip under the bedcovers and lie on my side , my back to the door . 
 within a few seconds , a light comes through as my bedroom door opens a little , and i see my father 's shadow on the wall . 
 ***** my father is waiting for me in the kitchen the next morning , his face lifting up as i walk in . 
 our eyes meet and i notice he 's dressed for training -- all in black , in complete contrast to the kitchen wall . 
 this house might be a period property but this kitchen is far from being old . 
 an l-shaped glossy white worktop runs along the left wall then curves to the right , extending as a breakfast counter . 
 grainy chocolate cupboards stand against the adjacent wall , from floor to ceiling . 
 they look so new and unused . 
 sunlight reflects off the tiled floor from the french door that leads to the garden at back . 
 the reflection ends where my father stands , literally next to his boots . 
 i guess even the sun sometimes refuses to touch him . 
 he looks so calm today , no frown showing on his pristine features . 
 i do n't mind seeing him with a day 's worth of stubble on his jaw and chin , but today they 're all gone . 
 his left hand rests on the breakfast counter . 
 `` are you off somewhere ? '' 
 he asks , lifting his glass of orange juice to his lips while eyeing my outfit . 
 i feel a pang of disappointment . 
 what did i expect ? 
 that he 'd just blurt who it was that came to visit last night ? 
 or that he 'd ask me if i heard something ? 
 perhaps i should just come right out and ask . 
 but i know myself . 
 i 'm not going to . 
 i 've turned my back on my mother and everyone on her side , the moment she walked out , and i 'm not looking back . 
 i 'm not reopening doors . 
 not even a small window . 
 not even a tiny spyhole . 
 i 'm not . 
 i look down at my oversized white vest with a huge smiley-face on the front , black leggings and black knee-high riding boots . 
 `` no , '' i lie . 
 `` perfect . '' 
 he sets his glass down . 
 `` breakfast ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` do n't you have work to do ? '' 
 `` not today . '' 
 `` not today , '' i repeat . 
 great . 
 `` let me change into something more comfortable . '' 
 i manage to hide the disappointment in my voice . 
 `` that will do just fine . 
 just put on a coat . 
 we 're going out . '' 
 he unhitches himself from the counter , running his hand over his dark wavy hair . 
 i nod , turning on my heels . 
 as i make my way up the stairs , i send lennox a message , asking for a rain check . 
 today is the charity run , and i promised him that i will be there . 
 let me know when you 're back , he replies . 
 part of me wonders why , while the other part has already agreed to his request . 
 but i do n't reply . 
 i choose a black military jacket and button it up to my throat . 
 if we 're going out , then we 're not doing combat training , which is a relief because i 'm not in the mood and it 's getting boring . 
 weapons training -- i prefer that . 
 it 's dangerous and exciting and educational . 
 if that 's what we 're going to do , and i 'm going to find out very soon , then it 's not a let-down . 
 not a let-down at all . 
 dad is outside , loading a sleek , black case into the boot of the suv . 
 i feel a tingle of excitement in my toes . 
 guns , i 'm pretty sure of it , and i wish he 's taking me somewhere i can shoot some moving , living creatures , with real bullets . 
 the sadistic demon in me is surfacing , and i feel a laugh building in my stomach . 
 when my father first taught me how to fire a gun , we were in an outdoor shooting range up a mountain in arizona . 
 there were targets for practice nailed to the trees and men with white moustaches and hanging bellies were shooting their respective targets with cheap looking glocks . 
 a few of them gave my father a curious look , while others frowned at him , their eyes registering disbelief . 
 fair enough . 
 i was only thirteen . 
 we did n't stay long . 
 workmen arrived early the next morning and started converting our basement to a shooting range . 
 i loved it . 
 it became my favourite place in the house . 
 if my dad allowed me , i would have moved my bed there and made it my bedroom . 
 that 's how comfortable i was in that room , and it was odd and very unusual . 
 everything about guns fascinated me . 
 i had memorised the different kinds and different parts . 
 i loved the clicking noise when i reloaded , and the smell of the gunpowder . 
 and most of all , i loved the way a gun fit in my hand . 
 we drive for almost an hour . 
 the road slopes and winds . 
 this is relaxing , if i 'm being honest . 
 i see green everywhere as we pass some fields with rolled hay and grazing sheep . 
 i press the power button to open the window slightly . 
 it slides down just a little , and i close my eyes , letting the fresh cold breeze fan my face . 
 the air here smells clean , a complete contrast to the smell of pollution and pee in new york . 
 we talk for a few minutes . 
 he asks about school , how i 'm getting on . 
 i answer him honestly -- which is `` it 's not that bad . '' 
 but i do n't tell him why it 's suddenly not so bad anymore . 
 not because i 'm worried that he will tease me mercilessly or he will undertake a full investigation . 
 i 'm worried about what he will think because he knows me so well . 
 and i do n't want him to confirm what i think is happening to me . 
 i do n't ask him about his work . 
 he 's not going to give me a different answer from his usual `` do n't worry about it '' response anyway . 
 instead , i ask him about his personal life . 
 `` are you seeing anyone ? '' 
 dad looks at me from the corner of his eye . 
 he 's trying to rearrange his features , make his face look stony so i reconsider the subject . 
 `` nope , '' he answers with an extra-long n. `` why the heck not ? 
 you 're human . 
 you have ... you know ... needs ? '' 
 that gets a laugh out of him . 
 `` if we 're finally having our father-daughter sex lecture here , this is not how i imagined it would be . '' 
 i realise i 'm treading dangerous water here . 
 but this is too interesting to let go . 
 `` are you not dating anyone now , or do n't you date ever ? '' 
 he sighs , really loud . 
 `` i 'm not seeing anyone on a regular basis or occasional basis or any basis whatsoever . '' 
 `` when was the last time you got laid ? '' 
 `` jesus , elle ! '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` that is none of your business . '' 
 `` i want to know . '' 
 he does n't answer . 
 `` dad ? 
 dad ? 
 dad ? '' 
 `` last week , '' he snaps . 
 i blink . 
 no way . 
 really ? 
 i have to say i 'm a little bit disgusted and i have to remind myself why we 're having this conversation . 
 `` who was it ? '' 
 please do n't say it was the school 's headmistress . 
 he stares at the road ahead with narrow eyes , as if he 's considering how much information to disclose . 
 `` some model i met while doing recon . 
 there . 
 satisfied ? '' 
 i can feel my jaw start to slack . 
 i snap my gaping mouth shut and sit back , crossing my arms over my chest . 
 it 's not hard to imagine him attracting a model 's attention , with his angelic face , impeccable manners and excellent taste in clothes . 
 even the blind and the stupid would want him . 
 we leave the main road and dad squeezes the suv through a narrow , dirt passage , heading towards the belly of the woods . 
 i wince when i hear a thick branch scrape the side of the car . 
 my father does n't seem to mind . 
 he stops in the middle , almost cocooned within the bushes and the tress , hidden . 
 he opens the door , pushing the branches aside in the process , as far as they will allow . 
 and it is n't much . 
 he has to squeeze his way out . 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 i follow him out of the car , and i 'm overwhelmed by the smell of wet leaves and earth -- damp and strong . 
 birds chirp above us . 
 their wings flutter as they fly away , disturbed by our presence . 
 `` epping , '' he answers . 
 there 's an f-ing slug trying to crawl over the tip of my boot . 
 i kick it off . 
 dad slings the black case across his shoulder . 
 `` shall we ? '' 
 i nod . 
 we make our way farther into the woods . 
 the ground is covered with dry , fallen leaves , but dad walks over them without a sound . 
 i do n't make a sound either . 
 as we advance deeper , the woods become so dense that i can barely see sunlight . 
 this is all getting mysterious and electrifying . 
 we 're going hunting . 
 a few yards ahead , i see a clearing . 
 i walk faster . 
 i do n't even notice that i have walked past my father . 
 my eyes are wide as i take in the sight in front of me -- the almost circular space bathed in sunshine , the golden light filtering through the dark trees surrounding the area , the green carpet of moss . 
 here , the air smells different , like freshly cut grass and rain . 
 i turn around and find my father arranging knives on top of a massive , black rock at the edge of the clearing . 
 they glint under the sun . 
 each knife has a strong pointed stainless steel blade and deadly sharp double edges with holes on the handle . 
 `` this place looks a little spiritual for that sort of activity , do n't you think ? '' 
 i ask . 
 suddenly , it does n't feel right to do what we came here for . 
 suddenly , i want a good book and a picnic basket . 
 i stop myself from thinking of a certain someone . 
 `` you 're such a girl ! '' 
 he mocks , rolling his eyes . 
 `` this is the most secluded part of the forest . 
 if we go farther that way , '' he gestures to his right , `` we could get arrested for bringing these . '' 
 he gestures to his knives . 
 then he walks past me , towards the tree on the other side of the clearing , and draws a circle the size of a side plate on the trunk with a chalk . 
 okay . 
 i approach the black rock and pick a short one . 
 the target reduces to the size of an orange from here . 
 i 've done knife throwing with him before , once , and i have to admit i 'm not excellent with it . 
 i need more practice if i want to be as good with it as i am with guns . 
 it feels somewhat strange in my hand , too light and too small . 
 maybe a sword will feel better , but that 's another weapon , and another training that my father promised to give . 
 he said it was n't that important because this was not medieval times , hence not top priority . 
 `` it 's all in the wrist , '' he says from behind me . 
 i have no idea why i ca n't always hit a target with knives when a target is still a target , regardless of the weapon in use . 
 `` keeping your wrist straight or locked is as significant as a good line of vision , as well as the right arm motion and a perfect stance . '' 
 with a gun , it 's point and fire . 
 with a knife , it 's aim and throw , but how can i aim and throw within a span of a second ? 
 the knife does n't fly in a straight line on its own , unlike a bullet . 
 as if to prove it to me that it can be done , dad picks up a knife and in one swift motion , throws it . 
 it is as swift as lightning . 
 it hits the tree , the tip buries right in the middle of the circle . 
 i bite my lower lip . 
 `` i do n't expect you to do that right now . 
 but with constant practice , you 'll get there . '' 
 is it just my imagination , or does he really sound condescending ? 
 he 's smirking like a cat . 
 of course . 
 he 's baiting me . 
 my father does n't give pep talk or encouraging words . 
 he prefers silence accompanied by pointed looks that drive me mad . 
 he 'd rather show how it 's done , then push until i do it right or break . 
 i feel my blood warm , and there 's a ringing in my ears . 
 i 'll never break . 
 i copy his posture , feet apart and chest out . 
 i squint as i bring the knife up in front of me . 
 i pull it closer , my eyes on the target , and hurl the knife forward . 
 i watch it fly , spinning blade over handle . 
 it sticks a few inches above my father 's . 
 he smiles . 
 it 's small , but it 's still a smile . 
 i guess my first effort was not too bad . 
 i walk back and forth , collecting and throwing . 
 i 've hit the target a few times , but that 's still not enough for me . 
 i want to hit the target all the time . 
 i 'm nothing if not perfect at what i 'm doing . 
 same principle that my father uses , i think , though he never said so . 
 but he 's always seamless , spot-on . 
 i glance at him from the corner of my eyes , and he 's standing there , on the side , watching me in silence , with mild intensity , with his arms folded over his chest . 
 i swivel my arm . 
 then i shift . 
 i face my father , the target on my right . 
 dad raises both eyebrows . 
 a question ? 
 a challenge ? 
 i 'm not sure which . 
 then i remember last night and my heart starts beating fast , the way it does when i 'm on to something but i do n't know where to begin or if i should . 
 i pick another knife from the rock with my left hand and pass it to my right . 
 this time when i turn my head to the side , i see nothing but the target , pulsing like it 's alive . 
 i flip the knife in my hand so i 'm holding it by the blade . 
 i pull my elbow back and let the knife fly . 
 chapter nine to say that i feel exhilarated is an understatement . 
 my right arm throbs , but i do n't mind . 
 knife throwing can easily be my next favourite pastime . 
 i 'm happy to stay in the woods and throw knives for hours , but dad has to be somewhere . 
 on our way back , he drops me off at the town centre , as per my request , without a question . 
 then he drives off . 
 its better this way , i think -- being with him and at the same time , away from his other life . 
 i 've crossed that line , the line he drew when he raised me into this world , the line that made sure i could n't set foot inside the dangerous part of his existence . 
 i feel more confident . 
 i 'm no longer afraid , and i 'm glad that i 've lost that fear because i hate being daddy 's clingy little girl . 
 but if my presence makes him feel smothered and restricted , he does n't let it show . 
 and i do n't care . 
 he has to get used to this setup now , because this ai n't going to change . 
 my lips stretch into a smile . 
 i follow the line of barrier along the high street , my hands inside my pockets , staring at the road i 'm walking on , watching my booted feet take one step after the other . 
 `` hello there , trouble ! '' 
 i stop and look up . 
 `` hi . '' 
 for the life of me , i ca n't remember his name . 
 its lennox 's blond manager . 
 and he 's standing in front of me , blocking my way . 
 `` i do n't think we 've been properly introduced before . 
 i 'm adam . '' 
 that 's why ! 
 `` jules . '' 
 `` i was hoping i 'd see you here , '' he says . 
 he looks over his shoulder . 
 a group of boys and girls , i assume his friends , are chatting and shooting glances at us . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` is lennox around ? '' 
 his expression shifts a little , but he keeps the smile on his face . 
 `` umm ... he 's still running . '' 
 i rest my weight on my left foot . 
 `` how come you 're not ? '' 
 `` the newbies always do the run on the company 's behalf . 
 it 's our rule , '' he adds with a little laugh , and i 'm thinking that 's a form of bullying , discrimination . 
 i feel like telling him so . 
 then he says , `` i should probably let you go . '' 
 he steps aside . 
 `` can i ... '' cheers erupt from somewhere as the runners approach . 
 there are quite a few of them , more than 50 , i assume . 
 most of them are wearing their own company t-shirts , bearing their company logos and chosen charity . 
 i spot lennox quite easily . 
 he 's wearing navy tracksuit bottoms and a t-shirt that hugs his shoulders and arms perfectly . 
 there 's an a4 sized paper pinned on the front of his t-shirt that says 0025 the ascend . 
 he waves and runs towards me . 
 i guess the run is finished then . 
 he stops a few feet away , greeting a clapping group of people from his work . 
 someone gives him a blue towel to wipe his sweat off , while the others slap him on the back . 
 out of nowhere , zoe appears and wraps her arms around his neck and kisses his cheek . 
 i stop whatever evil thing my brain is starting to mull over and just watch him pull away slowly , smiling down at her but not saying a word . 
 i do n't know why but i feel like i 've won something big . 
 lennox looks a little embarrassed as he comes closer . 
 as he reaches my side , he looks at adam , then at me . 
 `` you came , '' he says , a little breathless . 
 he grins . 
 `` a little late , but still . '' 
 adam hands lennox a bottle of water before turning away , his lips pressed together tightly . 
 as though he has had second thoughts , he looks back and raises a hand in a gesture like a wave , then winks at me . 
 lennox and i wave him off at the same time . 
 `` he fancies you . 
 did he ask you out ? '' 
 the question surprises me . 
 i ca n't answer straight away . 
 `` no , '' it came out quite defensive , and i bite the inside of my cheek . 
 `` i do n't think so . '' 
 i laugh a little . 
 i suppress the urge to tease him , ask if he 's jealous . 
 let 's not go there . 
 lennox touches my hair . 
 `` what have you been up to ? '' 
 he asks , twirling a little twig that he 's untangled from my hair . 
 `` wait for me here . 
 i want to take you somewhere . '' 
 i nod . 
 he grins , walks a few steps backwards , as though he 's making sure i 'm not going to disappear or move , before whirling completely . 
 he wipes the sweat off his nape . 
 the movement draws my attention to the wet patch on his back , his wide shoulders , his v-shaped torso , the nice swell of his ... `` so it is you . 
 the american . '' 
 bells shrill in my ears . 
 the voice comes from behind me . 
 i know who it belongs to . 
 the way she says `` the american '' sounds like an insult , like i 'm a leper or something . 
 before i do anything that i might or might not regret later -- like slam her face against the brick wall , i take a deep calming breath and force myself not to respond . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i do n't know why i said that . '' 
 i know , but i do n't say it . 
 i 'm sure it will not come out politely . 
 zoe takes a couple of steps closer and stands next to me . 
 i cross my arms over my chest . 
 she 's staring after lennox in silence , like a child staring after a red balloon that has slipped out of her hand . 
 she watches him go until he disappears around the corner . 
 her eyes are a little glassy when she says , `` i ruined everything way beyond repair , but i 'm still here , desperately trying to patch things up . '' 
 wow . 
 could n't be more uncomfortable . 
 i cough . 
 zoe 's back goes rigid , as though she forgot that i 'm right here . 
 she faces me but she ca n't quite meet my eyes . 
 i can tell she did n't mean to say it out loud , most especially to me . 
 i think she just finally admitted to herself that it 's over . 
 her chin wobbles a little . 
 i hope she 's not going to cry . 
 she 's pretty , i 'm aware of that , but seeing her face up close like this , i have to say , she 's more than pretty . 
 she has freckles on the bridge of her nose that look so cute . 
 `` why are you telling me this ? '' 
 i ask . 
 she smiles and gives a little nervous laugh . 
 `` i have no idea . '' 
 i stare at her . 
 she 's still in love with him , that 's obvious , but she really is in love with him . 
 not the obsessive kind of love where she thinks she has to be with him because she deserves him , they 're good together and she thinks everyone else will pale in comparison to him , and she has no intention of settling for anyone less . 
 she loves him in a sense where she wants him to be happy . 
 she does n't want him hurt . 
 i drop my hostility . 
 i thought it would be awkward , but i find myself having a friendly , innocent chat with zoe . 
 i 've managed to steer our conversation away from anything `` lennox '' and focused on school and people we both know . 
 she 's ... nice . 
 i was ready to hate her , but now i find it impossible . 
 out from the corner , i see lennox appear . 
 he 's changed into jeans and a blue and grey striped polo-shirt . 
 i notice how his steps falter a little on seeing me and zoe together . 
 his eyes widen . 
 it 's funny really , it 's like the typical reaction of a teenage boy who walks into his room and finds his mother going through his stacks of playboy . 
 `` you should come with us sometime , '' zoe says . 
 lennox is coming up behind zoe . 
 `` come with you where ? '' 
 he asks , looking from me to zoe . 
 zoe jumps and laughs , batting him on the arm . 
 i do n't feel jealous . 
 i do n't . 
 `` zoe just asked me to go clubbing with her and her friends , '' i tell lennox , and then to zoe , `` let me know when and we 'll see . '' 
 she nods . 
 she turns to lennox . 
 lennox just stares back at her . 
 `` oh ! 
 you 're going somewhere . '' 
 its half question , half not . 
 her face flushes . 
 `` i 'm ... sort of her designated tour guide , '' lennox says . 
 `` that 's ... lovely , '' she says . 
 she bounces off her heels . 
 `` i 'll see you later . '' 
 `` right , '' lennox breathes the word out . 
 i wonder why . 
 lennox steers me away , his hand on the small of my back . 
 i glance at him and he smiles at me without showing his perfect teeth . 
 `` she 's actually nice , '' i say . 
 `` yeah , she 's nice , '' he says like yeah , whatever . 
 `` one mistake does n't define a person . '' 
 `` but if the same mistake is repeated -- then yes . 
 the girl is a trollop . '' 
 he grabs my hand as we cross the road , going past a couple of benches and a statue of a soldier atop a massive white rock . 
 our hands fit perfectly , as though the lines of our palms are fused together . 
 i 'm struggling to keep my brain locked . 
 `` i 'm sorry but i prefer my women faithful , thank you very much , '' he adds . 
 aha . 
 so she cheated on him . 
 i thought it was harsh of him to call zoe a slut , but obviously he 's well within his rights . 
 we cross another road . 
 `` unless of course , if the infidelity is with another girl . 
 i would n't object to a threesome . '' 
 i burst out laughing . 
 my face is getting hotter by the second . 
 `` you 're a pervert . '' 
 `` that was a joke . '' 
 lennox is laughing too . 
 `` i know . '' 
 i pull my hand away . 
 his warm palm is too distracting . 
 instead , i hook my arm around his . 
 i let him guide me along the streets of windsor , walking leisurely and admiring the bricked buildings -- some yellow , some red . 
 his arm is a little cold . 
 how can he go out in this weather without a coat ? 
 i rub my hand over his skin to make him warm . 
 beneath my fingers , the muscle on his arm flexes as the rest of his body tenses , but only for a split moment . 
 within that same moment , i catch an expression on his face that i can only describe as a bit pained . 
 when we reach the pub called the two brewers at the end of the street , i have this feeling he 's going to bolt inside and hide . 
 but he does n't . 
 he flashes me another smile , removes his arm from my grip and wraps it around my shoulder , as we enter a park through a gateway . 
 friends walk like this . 
 they do . 
 i do n't say a word . 
 i take in our new surroundings without really seeing what 's around us . 
 it 's funny how lennox can make me feel normal and extra safe . 
 comfortable . 
 like being in a cocoon filled with cotton . 
 and it 's also quite scary that he can make me drop my guard . 
 `` that 's the castle ? '' 
 i know it is , but i had to ask anyway . 
 i 've never seen it from this angle . 
 i gaze at it through the closed metal gate . 
 i turn around , finally noticing our surroundings . 
 `` this is the long walk ? '' 
 lennox nods . 
 `` wow . 
 how long is this road exactly ? '' 
 `` two point sixty four miles , and it 's not exactly a road . 
 more like a path . '' 
 it 's a hell of a path . 
 i lift my chin up to see the length of it . 
 i ca n't even see where it ends . 
 `` what 's on the other side ? '' 
 `` snow hill . '' 
 i have no idea what that is , but i nod anyway . 
 lennox squeezes my shoulder , sauntering away from the gate . 
 this , i notice , is how lennox normally gets to places . 
 he saunters , like he has all the time in the world . 
 we 're complete opposites . 
 as we stroll , lennox tells me the history behind this place , how king charles ii had thousands of elm trees planted the entire length of the path , and then how queen anne had a road constructed down the centre of the treeline to make it a more comfortable road to travel on , and how back in the mid-1800s , prostitutes used to hound the castle-end of the walk . 
 i 'm pretty sure that was my grandfather , the old man who visited last night . 
 dad made a few insinuations during training , like baiting a rabid dog , testing if i 'd bite . 
 very brave of him , because if i did bite , i wonder how he 'd manoeuvre his way out of answering . 
 just like me , everything about my mother or anyone associated with her is on my dad 's do-not-speak-about file . 
 `` i know it 's boring , '' lennox says , and i feel a mental tug , like the picture in front of me suddenly changes from an earlier scene to now . 
 lennox is scratching his left temple . 
 i have a feeling i missed a big chunk of today 's history lesson . 
 `` actually , it 's fascinating . 
 you do n't strike me as someone who likes history . '' 
 lennox grins . 
 `` admit it , your thoughts wandered off , you compulsive liar . '' 
 he laughs without a care if he insults me or not . 
 not that i 'm offended . 
 but i ram my elbow at him , anyway . 
 `` ooof ! '' 
 he exclaims , clutching his side . 
 then he shoves me . 
 i shove back . 
 he bumps into a jogger wearing a pair of electric pink shorts that match her electric pink socks and wristband . 
 `` sorry , '' lennox says , glancing at the jogger with his right hand up in a gesture of apology . 
 the woman scowls in return . 
 he turns to me and mouths what the fuck . 
 his beautiful blue eyes are open wide in mock disbelief . 
 i suck in my breath . 
 i do n't think there are enough adjectives in the dictionary to describe how beautiful he is . 
 i stare straight ahead , because if i do n't , my face will flush and he will know what 's in my mind . 
 then i start yakking about new york , my old school and my best friend . 
 i miss cassie and i feel a heavy tug in my chest , so i change the subject again , telling him random stories such as that time i got trapped on that secret beach surrounded by huge rocks in the philippines because the tide was too high for me to swim out through a secret tunnel , and how dad tricked me into eating a fucking cockroach when we were in thailand and i was sick for an entire day . 
 from the corner of my eyes i see a flash , and i look , trying to figure what the hell it is , but it 's kind of hard . 
 it glistens under the sun . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 `` statue of king george iii . '' 
 now i see . 
 it 's a statue of the king on horseback . 
 we 're really close to the finish line , and i did n't even notice . 
 what is it about him that makes me lose focus ? 
 by the time we reach the statue , i 'm panting . 
 i lie down on the ground , not caring if there 's any bird or deer poop hidden beneath the grass . 
 lennox sits next to me , a grin plastered on his face . 
 where the fuck is he getting his energy from ? 
 `` i have n't been here for quite a while . 
 my mum used to come here when she needed some time out . 
 she 'd sit here and stare out towards the castle . '' 
 i freeze in the process of swallowing . 
 lennox sighs . 
 i close my eyes . 
 after a moment , i feel lennox 's shoulder bump mine . 
 i become hyper aware of him then , lying next to me , his left arm just a few centimetres next to mine . 
 it 's a bit cold . 
 my fingers ache to touch him as if they 're seeking his warmth , but i do n't . 
 when i look at him , i find him staring up at the sky , lost in his thoughts . 
 `` tell me about her , '' i say . 
 `` she was lovely and mysterious . 
 half the time she seemed lost , like a part of her was floating in the middle of the sea and waiting for the tide to take her somewhere . '' 
 he covers his eyes with his right arm . 
 `` my father , on the other hand , considered us his trophies . '' 
 `` why do you say that ? '' 
 he shrugs and his shoulder rubs against mine . 
 `` he was one of those guys that you would love to hate . 
 i took my mother 's last name because i do n't want to have anything to do with him . '' 
 i 'm about to open my mouth to offer some words of wisdom -- actually , more like voice my uninvited opinion , when he suddenly turns onto to his side , props himself up on his elbow and faces me . 
 our faces are just inches away from each other . 
 up close , those eyes are even more breath taking . 
 the rest of my thoughts fizzle out completely . 
 i ca n't even string a sentence . 
 `` when i turned eighteen , i bought myself a microwave , '' he says out of the blue . 
 ah . 
 okay . 
 the information is weird and random , but i know when to take a cue . 
 i know when the subject has been abruptly closed and changed . 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 `` what about me ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` do you have a master plan when you turn eighteen ? '' 
 `` if i have a plan , it does n't include a microwave . '' 
 lennox laughs softly . 
 i look up and he looks slightly embarrassed , but the corners of his lips quirk up into a barely-there smile . 
 i like his smile . 
 it makes him more adorable , if that 's even possible . 
 `` i have n't thought of it , to be honest . '' 
 he scoots closer . 
 he stares at me , his hand edging closer to my arm . 
 i freeze and shut my brain , as if by default . 
 then i think it 's ridiculous . 
 it 's lennox , not my dad . 
 but he does n't touch me . 
 `` these past few days , i was wary , unsure ... but i ca n't stop thinking ... '' he sighs . 
 call me weird or crazy , but i swear i can feel his energy wrap around me . 
 he 's so close and the proximity is making me dizzy . 
 he makes me feel like i ca n't trust myself . 
 a group of children races around us , chattering and pointing animatedly , their footsteps echoing like tidal waves . 
 just like that the moment is over . 
 i look away from lennox , rubbing my face with my hands -- to quell and hide my disappointment . 
 i know what he was about to say . 
 i was n't born yesterday . 
 part of me does n't want to hear it because i 'm afraid everything will be ruined . 
 i ca n't be his rebound . 
 but a bigger part of me wishes that i 'd stop overthinking things and just do what i want , on a whim . 
 like to hell with it , i only live once , life is a fucking bitch and it 's too damn short . 
 unfortunately , that 's the thing . 
 life is short , and for me and my dad , it could be shorter . 
 so i do n't have the luxury of doing things on an impulse . 
 this is upsetting me big time . 
 if i had a gun with me i 'd probably fire a couple of rounds . 
 `` it 's getting cold . '' 
 lennox jumps to his feet , smiling , and it 's the kind of smile that will inspire you to do anything , even something stupid . 
 it 's also the kind of smile that says he feels relieved , like he 's been found not guilty and has escaped death penalty . 
 he offers his hand to me and says , `` come on , chop-chop , plenty to see . '' 
 chapter ten my dad often warns me about running when the sun is down , but i 'm not a morning person . 
 evening runs are my favourite . 
 i can run for hours with no definite destination in mind , lost in my thoughts . 
 running is therapeutic for me . 
 it relaxes me , keeps my mind off the fact that my father is somewhere on this earth , killing someone or possibly getting hurt . 
 and it keeps my mind off a certain boy that drives me insane . 
 after school , i pick up some take-away , then head straight home . 
 my father is out again , and before i find the alone situation so damn dreary that i 'm ready to do something illegal , like ... i do n't know , shoot a pigeon resting on our neighbour 's roof , i change into a pair of navy , skinny crop sweatpants with matching hoodie and running shoes . 
 jogging it is then . 
 but this time , there 's no lennox . 
 i pull my hair into a bun and unplug my phone from its charger . 
 earphones in , i set the music on shuffle . 
 it 's easy to fall into step , despite the depressing weather . 
 it 's drizzling again , or spitting as per lennox 's urban dictionary . 
 the woods will be too muddy and too dark for running , so i decide to take the path down the hill , away from the detached houses with wide driveways and big garages , heading to a more congested part of the village . 
 my adrenaline is pumping , keeping my body warm , but not my face . 
 though i have a hood covering my head , i can feel rainwater trickling along my hairline . 
 as the icy wind slaps and sprays raindrops on my face , i can feel my skin numbing and my nose turning pink . 
 i smile and reach a new conclusion : it 's better to jog when the weather is cold , but under the rain is the best . 
 i watch my feet move steadily over the wet concrete ground , rainwater splashing under my running shoes . 
 i settle into an easy pace , allowing myself to get lost in my thoughts . 
 i run along the footpath , passing terraced houses and parallel-parked cars . 
 my feet seem to be leading me to a very familiar road , so i turn in the opposite direction . 
 come on , elle . 
 get a freaking grip . 
 we never talked about it , though we saw each other almost all the time after that day at snow hill . 
 lennox probably thinks he has dodged a bullet . 
 not that i want him to reopen the subject , but i ca n't stop thinking how things would have progressed if we were not interrupted . 
 it 's torturing me , this emotional yo-yo , all this pushing and pulling . 
 and it 's crazy how i want to give in to my naughty , reckless side , the one that 's been urging me to go for it and have a british fling , the one that 's asking me what damage would it do because i 'm leaving anyway . 
 but the other side of me warns me that there will be some damage . 
 and it might cost me a lot . 
 i ca n't start something that i know will be a disaster . 
 we 'll be just friends , until it is okay to be more . 
 i mean , if it will ever be okay , or possible . 
 and that 's a gigantic if . 
 i mean , i like lennox , i think i can trust him with certain things -- but not everything . 
 and i can only allow myself to like . 
 i pick up speed . 
 my breath is getting heavier now , straining against the pressure and the cold wind blowing on my face . 
 i can feel my heart 's steady rhythm against my ribcage . 
 my hood comes off my head , and i leave it off , letting my hair get wet . 
 the rain is officially pouring now , not just a drizzle , and puddles start to collect like little ponds on the sidewalk . 
 i do n't bother avoiding them . 
 i liked splashing when i was a child . 
 there are some things that you do n't outgrow . 
 this is mine . 
 come to think of it , i have n't actually invaded lennox 's mind . 
 yes , i did the odd background checks , and i probably took a little peek in his brain during the first couple of days , but i am in fact getting to know him in a customary way . 
 and i thought it will be scary , like jumping down a deep , dark hole without knowing if there 's a safety net below . 
 but in reality , it 's not that bad . 
 it 's a shame that i do n't know how long we 're staying here . 
 i 'm rooting for months . 
 in fact , and this has nothing to do with the blue-eyed boy with creamy-honey skin , i want to make a home here . 
 i notice that dad does n't seem like in any hurry to finish his business here either , although he 's out most of the time , sometimes for a few days , possibly doing more recon . 
 but this is his home , this country . 
 i can feel it . 
 besides , new york is becoming too busy for me . 
 i think i could settle here , but i do n't know about my father . 
 my dad used to be a sis spy . 
 he was the youngest and apparently , the most promising agent they had . 
 in time , he went off the radar permanently , went awol after he met jack christensen , my grandfather on my mother 's side . 
 he said my grandfather has a way of attracting people , and by people , he meant spies and assassins . 
 `` were you in a secret group ? '' 
 i asked him once and he looked at me as if i had insulted him . 
 but he did say they were secret , but not necessarily a ` group ' . 
 they do their own thing . 
 `` it 's the freedom , the absence of rules and not being tied down by politics that made me become one of them , sort of , '' he explained . 
 but every secret has its price . 
 dad had to fake his death . 
 it was n't that hard for him , because his parents were already gone -- they died when he was very young . 
 a tragic accident -- his father , who had post-war syndrome had a nightmare and whispered his wife to death while they were in bed . 
 after he realised what he had done , he slit his wrists . 
 dad said his father was so obsessed with the idea of being normal , that he pretended to be normal and vehemently denied the fact that he was not . 
 i think that was his father 's ` bad choice , ' the choice that went against our ability , the choice that my father stayed away from . 
 my father was raised by his aunt and her husband alongside their three children . 
 they were closely knit . 
 his aunt -- knowing what he could do -- did n't treat him differently from her children , though none of them shared his ability . 
 she was always supportively mindful of him . 
 he and his cousins were thick as thieves . 
 but he had to let them go , because no matter what he did , he was still different . 
 i understand only too well why he does n't want to live in a place that has so many bad and good memories at the same time . 
 i veer to the left , taking sycamore street , then heading towards silverdale road . 
 the street starts to get a little narrow . 
 to my left is an open field with two grazing horses , their bodies covered with tartan rugs . 
 a little ahead is a house with tall bay windows . 
 the house is oddly positioned , too close to the road . 
 i follow the long , winding path ; pass the house , when i catch a glimpse of my wet self in the windowpane , and someone else , a few yards behind me -- a tall man wearing a black leather jacket . 
 the hair on the back of my neck stands up . 
 instinct . 
 this is too much for a fucking coincidence . 
 though his head is covered by a hood , i can bet my left ear this is the same man i saw in the bookstore . 
 same build , same stance . 
 his chin lifts up slightly , and it 's enough for me to see a part of his face before he hides it again . 
 definitely the same man . 
 i carry on running , keeping my normal pace to avoid setting him off . 
 i have to think , and fast . 
 the guy is big , muscled like a proper club bouncer . 
 a weapon would be handy , but i have to do without one . 
 i 'll just have to smash his face in with my fists . 
 and next time , remember to bring a gun wherever i freaking go . 
 irritation fuels my adrenaline , and i can feel it pump through my blood . 
 up ahead , the path is curving again to the left . 
 a big oak tree is almost in the middle of the sidewalk , a dangerous place for it to be if you ask me , but for now i 'm grateful that it 's there . 
 i run towards it and quickly crouch behind the massive trunk . 
 i wait until he 's out of my line of sight before i sprint low into an alley between two end terraced houses , plastering my back against the wall . 
 this is going to be ugly . 
 `` come on , '' i whisper , taking a peek over my shoulder . 
 he 's still a few feet away , and i ca n't tell whether he knows that i have spotted him . 
 but he 's walking purposely now . 
 either he knows that i know or he thinks he has lost me . 
 useless fuck . 
 he 's not a very good spy . 
 the knowledge that i 'll be dealing with a dumb ass fills me with relief , though i know that he 's thrice my size . 
 i have very few options here -- like jump the fence and run -- but i 'm not going to , because i can already taste the adrenalin , like metal in my mouth , and i feel myself going numb . 
 i have made my choice . 
 my body is rigid , ready to spring . 
 i might die here . 
 this is it . 
 do . 
 not . 
 move . 
 a hand clamps over my mouth and i nearly jump out of my skin . 
 i nearly scream . 
 i know that voice in my head -- dad 's . 
 and he 's right there , like he popped out of nowhere , dressed in a black suit and a silver tie as if he just came from a business meeting . 
 only his tie is loose and there 's blood on his sleeve . 
 what happened ? 
 he does n't answer . 
 you can let go of my mouth now . 
 you 're smothering me . 
 hardly . 
 he lifts his hand off , and then presses it back . 
 his eyes are sharp and cold . 
 his face is giving nothing away . 
 you can thank me out loud , later . 
 and he 's off , striding out from behind the wall and straight into my stalker 's path . 
 the street is not well lit , so i dismiss my fear of having any witnesses , but i still ca n't believe this is going to happen in front of me . 
 i watch in fear as the man , on seeing my father , reaches inside his jacket . 
 my first instinct is to jump and help . 
 my heart hops inside my chest , but before i can do anything , it 's over . 
 he does it so quietly , so fast . 
 he spins to the right and releases a knife -- a knife that 's probably hidden under his sleeve , i 'm not sure , i did n't see . 
 in a single blink , there 's a knife sticking out of the side of the man 's neck . 
 a smell of copper explodes in the air . 
 i see the look of surprise on my stalker 's face before his eyes go blank , expressionless , lifeless . 
 he drops on the ground , sideways , like a big collapsing sack of potatoes , with his hand still inside his jacket . 
 i think i whimper , but i 'm not sure . 
 i breathe out , and i do n't even notice that i have been holding it . 
 blood slowly spreads on the pavement , wider and wider , mixing with the rainwater . 
 it flows down the path , circling the tree , towards me , and i take a side step to avoid it , my eyes wide in shock , while dad wipes his knife on the man 's shirt and tucks it away in his jacket . 
 this is the first time i see him kill . 
 i should be terrified . 
 i should be one step away from being a damaged kid , mentally unstable . 
 i should be shaking right now , ready to faint or hurl . 
 but instead , i hear myself say , `` i could have taken that asshole without your help . '' 
 dad looks at me then , raising an eyebrow . 
 he steps forward and reaches for my elbow , dragging me away . 
 i shiver , but not from fear . 
 i 'm wet . 
 i guess as my adrenaline starts to wear off , i feel the cold raindrops running down my scalp to my neck . 
 we march across the road , round the corner , and then cross another road . 
 he 's holding my elbow quite firmly . 
 normally , i would n't let him tug me like i 've been caught taking drugs in a public washroom . 
 but i ca n't find the will to resist . 
 `` you 're just going to leave the body there ? '' 
 he does n't answer . 
 `` are you not going to move it ? '' 
 i ask again . 
 `` and how do you propose i do that ? 
 carry him to my car ? 
 stuff him inside the boot ? 
 dig a deep hole in our back garden and bury him there ? '' 
 his voice is laced with sarcasm . 
 i ignore it . 
 `` i guess . '' 
 he bursts out laughing , that dry and humourless laugh of his , and i stare at him , wide-eyed . 
 it sort of startles me for a minute . 
 my father is a jackass . 
 my suggestion is not absurd . 
 we reach an empty car park behind a photo studio , stopping next to a black sedan , rented by the looks of it . 
 he opens the door with enough force that the hinges screech . 
 `` get in , '' he hisses between his teeth . 
 `` shut the hell up , and do n't say another word . 
 this is your fault . '' 
 what ? 
 `` how did it become my fault ? '' 
 `` seriously ? 
 if you did n't come here , this would not have happened ! '' 
 that 's it . 
 i crack . 
 `` if you 'd picked a safer career , none of this would ever happen ! '' 
 `` if i 'd picked a different career , i 'd be dead by now . '' 
 i have a ready comeback , but i snap my mouth shut . 
 `` do you honestly believe someone like me , like us , can live a quiet life ? 
 that no one would know about our ability ? 
 i chose this career so if and when they find out , i can protect myself . 
 protect you . 
 not because i was always in a fight in school and this career is my best option ! '' 
 he makes an air quote with his fingers as he says the word career . 
 i ca n't help but imagine my father twisting some child 's neck behind the bleachers . 
 `` and who are they -- the government , a group of scientists ? '' 
 he gives me a pointed look . 
 `` you watch too many crap films . '' 
 `` but who was that ? 
 i 've seen him before ... '' dad goes very still , and i stop short . 
 i do n't think he 's breathing . 
 `` get in the car , '' he barks . 
 i get in the passenger seat without another word , keeping my eyes on the clock on the dashboard , until he gets in the driver 's side and starts the car . 
 i made him angrier , and i do n't know why . 
 `` i get it . 
 i should have told you , but i did n't know . '' 
 it 's not like i did something to attract their attention . 
 i 'm keeping a low profile , minding my own business . 
 `` you have to tell me if someone 's after us . 
 i have to know who we 're up against . '' 
 shit , now i talk like him . 
 `` please , do not pretend to understand things that you do n't . 
 you 're doing my head in , '' he says like he 's at the end of his tether . 
 he massages his temples with his fingers . 
 i hate him sometimes , especially when he 's treating me like an ignorant child . 
 like right now . 
 dad turns sharply . 
 `` you did n't use your real passport when you came here , did you ? '' 
 i groan inside . 
 `` you did , '' dad states as if to say of course . 
 he takes a deep breath . 
 he wants to throttle me , i can tell . 
 `` i do n't even know why you got me a legal one if i 'm not allowed to use it , '' i throw in , just to annoy him more . 
 `` i ca n't believe you . 
 you never listen to anything i say . '' 
 he puts the car in gear and drives . 
 the tires screech against the tarmac , possibly leaving some marks . 
 i want to say that he 's leaving possible signs that might lead them to us , but i pack it in . 
 i feel bad , though i will never admit it . 
 he 's right . 
 it 's my fault . 
 the silence is so awkward and so hurting my ears , but i endure the slight discomfort . 
 what will happen now ? 
 i mean , do i have to fake my death to throw them off my trail , or dye my hair ? 
 we ca n't go back home to new york . 
 he 's probably thinking of places where he could hide me . 
 some little , obscure town or in a jungle , for all i know . 
 or ... `` i 'll help you kill them . '' 
 i ca n't believe the words that came out of my mouth . 
 and it 's quite shocking that i actually mean them . 
 dad turns his head slightly towards me and shoots me that mocking smile of his . 
 `` that 's super helpful of you . '' 
 oh , i 'm just going to ignore it again . 
 `` i 'll take care of it , okay , '' he says curtly . 
 he sets his jaw in that way of his that says it 's the end of the discussion . 
 so i do n't push . 
 i stare out the window , taking in the unfamiliar road . 
 i realise we 're not heading home , but i do n't ask anything . 
 in the reflection in the mirror , i see dad press some numbers on his phone . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 it 's a woman 's voice . 
 i stiffen . 
 `` meet me . 
 same place , as soon as , '' dad says . 
 no , it ca n't be her . 
 he 's not shipping me to her ! 
 i will not allow it ! 
 i 'd rather die ! 
 dad has ended the call . 
 and he 's avoiding my eyes . 
 he knows what i want to know , he knows i 'm looking at him , and he must be completely oblivious if he ca n't feel my eyes burning a hole on his cheek , but he 's still blatantly ignoring me . 
 i turn to face the window again , trying to stop myself from crying . 
 my throat is burning . 
 my insides feel hollow . 
 i do n't move , until we reach a cottage in the middle of nowhere . 
 we had to take a narrow , gravelled road to reach it . 
 dad gets out first , and as i do , he runs his hand above the front door , pries a brick off and extracts a key . 
 i follow him inside . 
 dad sweeps the entire cottage that i have never been to before , securing it . 
 i watch as he checks the inside . 
 the place is small . 
 there 's a reception room on the right , bare apart from a very old chandelier . 
 straight ahead from the tiny hallway is the kitchen , and to the left there is a door . 
 there 's no upstairs . 
 i know what this place is -- a sort of meeting place , a rendezvous , a hide-out , a safe place , you name it . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` is there anything to eat here ? '' 
 i ask . 
 no answer . 
 i make my way to the kitchen though i am almost sure i will not find anything there . 
 but i 'm hoping to find a bottle of something strong . 
 the cupboards look dusty . 
 i check them all but there 's nothing alcoholic in there . 
 i find some old tea bags , but they are probably out of date , given the state of the kitchen . 
 it obviously has been vacant for years . 
 the dust is about two inches thick on the surface and cobwebs hangs like streamers from the ceiling . 
 this house is much less grand than the one in windsor . 
 but the security system is just as advanced . 
 not the normal burglar alarm in the market . 
 for a house in the middle of nowhere , vacant for years , some homeless prick or teenage thugs will try something . 
 and i bet anyone who tried to break in got shocked or thrown out a hundred feet in the air . 
 i rest against the counter , my arms leaning backwards . 
 my dripping clothes make a little puddle on the kitchen floor . 
 my clothes stick to my body , but there 's nothing i can change into . 
 i 'm gon na have to leave them to dry on me , probably station myself in front of a radiator or something . 
 leaving shoe prints on the tiled floor , i march from the dusty kitchen to the room that my dad disappeared into and push the white door open . 
 it creaks . 
 i see a woman sitting on an armchair in a corner of the room . 
 i stop in my tracks so suddenly i almost trip over my own feet . 
 her eyes settle on me , pinning me to the spot . 
 not my mother . 
 thank god ! 
 dad stands from his perch . 
 `` this is robin , '' he says quickly . 
 `` robin ? '' 
 something clicks in my brain . 
 `` as in robin christensen ? '' 
 from the corner of my eyes , i see the woman smile . 
 `` no . 
 just robin , '' dad deadpans . 
 if he feels anyway uncomfortable , he does n't show it . 
 `` it 's robin fawcett , actually , '' says the woman . 
 there 's innuendo in the way she introduces herself , like i 'm supposed to remember something . 
 i turn to her fully . 
 she 's pretty . 
 her short black hair frames her rather pale face . 
 her smile wavers . 
 her eyes become calculating . 
 `` did your father not tell you about us ? '' 
 `` robin ... '' `` of course he did n't . 
 i could easily have been your mother you know , instead of that raging bitch . '' 
 what the fuck is her problem ? 
 i stare at her straight in the eyes . 
 `` dad , do you mind telling this strumpet ... '' `` okaaay ! '' 
 dad interrupts . 
 `` ... to keep her fucking mouth shut or i 'll make her swallow her tongue . '' 
 `` she 's feisty . '' 
 robin says without taking her eyes off me . 
 she uncrosses and crosses her long , shapely legs , making me aware that she 's wearing a smart , black skirt and black high heels . 
 `` it 's nice to finally meet you . '' 
 before i can respond , dad says , `` robin is a spy . 
 she works with me from time to time . '' 
 i ca n't believe i 'm only hearing this now . 
 i point at him and then at her . 
 `` you and her ... '' `` i said she works with me from time to time , elle , '' he answers impatiently , like i should pay more attention to what he 's saying . 
 `` actually , that 's not really such a bad idea , '' says the voice from the corner . 
 i hear a hint of laughter in her voice . 
 `` she also likes to antagonise people . 
 she thinks it 's sexy , '' dad adds through his teeth , turning his head to face her , very slowly . 
 then he looks at me . 
 `` anyway , we have some business to discuss ... so , please ? '' 
 dad gestures towards the door . 
 i look at her again and her red lips . 
 it 's like looking at a brunette version of marilyn monroe . 
 i do n't know why i 'm upset , but i am . 
 i turn around , deliberately bumping into the table next to the door . 
 the big oak lamp wobbles . 
 i reach out to straighten it , inconspicuously setting my phone on record and hiding it behind the lamp . 
 if she can spy , so can i. chapter eleven once upon a time , in a not so distant land , a soldier set off to kill his master 's enemies . 
 and kill them he did -- except for one . 
 a boy . 
 in the boy 's eyes the soldier saw an innocent soul , deep and pure . 
 a soul the soldier had lost when he was much younger , and wished to , one day , have back . 
 so in an uncharacteristic whim , he spared the boy 's life , thinking this unusual act of kindness would one day grant him the right to earn back his soul . 
 but it was n't that simple . 
 the soldier did n't know that this rare act of kindness would cost him far more than he was willing to let go , more than his soul . 
 he had no idea that this rare act of kindness would be the start of the end . 
 he did not expect that this rare act of kindness would be like a knife in a trap , waiting for him to fall in . 
 ***** as soon as we reach home , i run up to my room without looking back , without waiting for him to say that i 'm not allowed to go anywhere . 
 i do n't care . 
 all he said the entire ride is that he has to nip out . 
 and i know exactly what he means . 
 if something happens , he 's not exactly the type who will wait till the next morning to take action . 
 my left hand rests over my phone after i lock my door , and the little thing seems too heavy in my pocket . 
 whatever information it holds , i 'm certain it has something to do with the attempt on my life . 
 i have to know . 
 i have the right to know , and my father has no right to keep it from me . 
 i do n't buy his the-less-you-know-the-better bullshit . 
 i pace in front of my bedroom window , keeping an eye out , waiting for my dad to finish whatever he is doing downstairs -- setting his security system to make sure i 'm locked in and the enemies locked out probably , and get back in his car and drive away to hunt someone down . 
 but he 's taking forever . 
 i ca n't stand this anymore . 
 patience is a virtue that i do n't have . 
 i fish the phone out of my pocket and chuck it onto my bed . 
 it lies there , silently mocking me , teasing me , making me aware of the information it holds and that it should n't be ignored this long . 
 i change my clothes , then stand again next to my bed and stare at the phone for a good few seconds , with my arms crossed over my chest , and my forehead seems to hurt from frowning too deep . 
 fuck it . 
 i dive for it , almost stumbling in the process . 
 i 'm kneeling in front of the bed , like i 'm praying . 
 my fingers , trembling from both fear and excitement , ca n't seem to navigate the touch screen . 
 `` is she always like that ? 
 she does n't like to share daddy ? '' 
 robin 's voice in the recording sounds shamelessly seductive . 
 `` i do n't see faye in her at all , fortunately . 
 she 's all you . '' 
 there 's a pause . 
 at first i think my father found my phone and i wait for the recording to cut off , but it carries on , that faint static sound in the background , like someone 's stirring a few grains of dry rice . 
 then it occurs to me that robin was probably trying to rile my dad , trying to get a response . 
 it seems like she did n't succeed . 
 `` but you did n't ask me to come here to meet her , ian . 
 you never wanted anyone in our circle to lay eyes on her , apart from sonia , of course . 
 she would do anything for you , after what you did for her . '' 
 `` sonia cares for her genuinely , not because she 's obligated to . '' 
 `` well ... '' `` jack is dead . '' 
 there 's another pause . 
 this time , it 's a long one . 
 her long silence tells me it 's as explosive a bomb to her as it is to me , based on the hammering inside my chest . 
 i ca n't believe what i 've just heard . 
 he was here three nights ago , or at least i think it was him , but now he 's gone . 
 i 'm still processing my feelings when my father 's voice comes back . 
 `` i thought you should know . 
 the rest will hear about the news by the end of tomorrow . '' 
 `` who did it ? '' 
 `` it does n't matter . 
 i will take care of him . 
 i need you to clean it up , though . 
 right now . 
 i want it done quietly . 
 and i do n't want the true cause of death to come out . 
 in fact , i do n't want to hear a whisper about it . 
 am i clear ? '' 
 there 's a moment of silence , then i hear her say , `` can i ask you something ? 
 why did n't you kill him eight years ago ? '' 
 `` kill whom ? '' 
 `` the boy . '' 
 the silence stretches a little longer this time . 
 `` it did n't seem like a bad idea then , '' dad says . 
 `` it was obvious to me and to everyone that jack was making a colossal mistake when he took the child in . 
 i mean , why would you raise an orphan child after killing his family ? 
 jack did n't pull the trigger but he 's part of it nonetheless . 
 raising the boy himself did n't atone for his fucking sin ... '' `` perhaps he wanted a son that was n't a constant disappointment . '' 
 `` ah . 
 because he could n't have you , '' robin says , in a voice that 's suddenly full of hatred . 
 `` this is not about me . '' 
 `` of course it is . 
 it 's always about you . 
 you 're the perfect one , the one isaac ca n't live up to . '' 
 `` are you referring to poland , istanbul and angola ? 
 if you think he was trying to live up to my shadow by cold-bloodedly massacring innocent people -- innocent children -- then you 're as fucked up as he is . '' 
 `` you 're so full of yourself . '' 
 `` why so upset , robin ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 in her line of work , i 'm sure she 's trained not to lose control of her emotions . 
 she 's failed . 
 this is what my dad has been drilling into my head , and i 'm not even a spy . 
 i hear robin 's loud sigh . 
 `` do you know where to find him ? 
 `` no . 
 do you know where isaac is ? '' 
 `` isaac ? 
 you said the boy killed jack . '' 
 it takes a good full minute before i hear my father say , `` i did n't . '' 
 shit . 
 `` oh , robin , you 're not as clever as you 'd like to think you are . '' 
 my father 's voice has turned dangerously cold . 
 the hair on the back of my neck crawls . 
 i hear a loud thud , then nothing . 
 dead silence . 
 i strain to listen , but there is nothing but static -- a faint sound that covers a form of quietness that 's too heavy , heavy like a soaking wet cloak that was left outside , in freezing air . 
 it 's kind of stifling . 
 when my father came to get me in the kitchen , i did n't notice anything different about him . 
 he looked calm , collected . 
 and when i went in that room to get my phone back , he did n't even stop me . 
 but i did n't see anything out of the ordinary , apart from robin not being there , and i assumed she had left . 
 but now i know that i will never , ever see her again . 
 nor will anyone else . 
 chapter twelve i let my phone drop , and it bounces , face down , on the bed . 
 my brain is reeling . 
 i push out the thought of robin 's body somewhere in that room , hidden to rot or to be collected and buried later , when my father finds the time . 
 at the same time my head feels light , like i 'm trying to think but there are so many things , too much information to get within five minutes , my brain ca n't pick which one to focus on . 
 it 's like chasing bubbles in the air , each one pops the moment you reach for it , and you 're left running after the others , and you panic , desperate , try too hard to be gentle , but it 's still does n't work . 
 you still ca n't capture one that 's solid enough to linger on the palm of your hand . 
 sonia -- my school guidance counsellor was an assassin ? 
 i almost laugh with the absurdity . 
 sonia and her lyrical voice , her blond hair tied in a tight bun , and her thick rimmed eyeglasses . 
 and her advice ! 
 no one can guess what she used to do for a living . 
 she must be a brilliant spy then . 
 and how come this is the only solid bubble on my palm ? 
 my phone rings . 
 i push myself up and walk towards the window , and find that the car is gone . 
 dad is gone . 
 i hope he 's gone to do something about robin 's body . 
 a shiver runs down my spine . 
 but who 's going to clean the other mess ? 
 do n't be ridiculous . 
 of course it 's already been taken care of . 
 i press my forehead on the cold window and breathe out . 
 fog spreads on the glass like an opening flower . 
 my so-called uncle wants me dead , that 's crystal clear , but why am i not surprised ? 
 i feel the anger build inside me . 
 i 'm still missing something . 
 who 's the boy ? 
 the ringing stops . 
 i 'm sure it was just dad , calling to give further instructions . 
 but after a minute , it starts ringing again . 
 jesus , he 's persistent . 
 why ca n't he just get on with it and come back home after an hour , like he promised ? 
 i smirk . 
 i ca n't help it . 
 i can feel a bubble of laughter coming up . 
 one hour ? 
 it 's like he 's just going to pick up a few groceries from the store ! 
 i snatch the phone up and say , `` what ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 is it a bad time ? '' 
 i check the screen . 
 `` sorry ! 
 i thought you 're my dad . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 the relief in lennox 's voice is quite noticeable . 
 hearing it makes me feel more confused , but in a different way , like a veil has been abruptly snatched away from my face and all of a sudden i can see clearly , but i did n't even know i was wearing a veil . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` nothing major , really . 
 i 'm ... i 'm just calling to say that i 'm going away . '' 
 he sounds embarrassed , unsure . 
 but there 's also a hint of desperation in his tone . 
 my heart skips a few beats . 
 i immediately know that he 's not going away on a short vacation . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` something came up . '' 
 that 's all ? 
 i sit on the bed , but not because i want to . 
 it just feels like i have to . 
 sadness and relief blend in me . 
 `` but i 'll see you again , of course , '' he says . 
 i doubt that . 
 i guess this is for the best . 
 at least it wo n't be me ; he saves me from the heartache ... the trouble of saying goodbye . 
 `` i do n't think i 'll be here when you return , '' i say . 
 he does n't respond . 
 i know he 'll say ` that 's too bad . 
 goodbye it is , then . ' 
 and i brace myself . 
 `` i 'll find you . '' 
 my breath catches in my throat and i ca n't move , as though i 've been turned to stone . 
 i do n't answer , because if i do , i might start to cry . 
 i feel like i 'm full to the brim . 
 i 'm going to explode . 
 dad 's business , this thing with jack , it does n't seem so important to me anymore . 
 screw security . 
 i clear my voice . 
 `` do n't leave yet . 
 i want to see you . '' 
 ***** before i can even knock , lennox opens the front door . 
 has he been waiting for me ? 
 my throat constricts . 
 he 's wearing a blue t-shirt with a picture of a cartoon character holding a surf board , and a pair of light khaki chinos . 
 the light in the hallway casts a glow around him . 
 it makes him look soft and ethereal and beautiful and magical . 
 but the smile on his face does n't quite reach his eyes . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i wonder how i look , what makes him ask that question . 
 fuck it . 
 `` i am now , '' i say . 
 i 'm taking my filter off for the last time . 
 i stare at the small black backpack lying on the floor . 
 he kicks the door shut after me . 
 he looks genuinely sad and worried , and i feel a sudden flap in my chest . 
 i want to turn around and wrap my arms around him . 
 my chest starts to feel heavy , and ... it hurts . 
 `` where are you ... ? '' 
 i trail off and pause . 
 there 's something off about the house . 
 i can sense it . 
 i step closer to him and whisper , `` are you alone ? '' 
 lennox 's eyes narrow . 
 `` yes . 
 why ? '' 
 he whispers back . 
 my instinct is screaming that we 're not . 
 `` can i use your bathroom ? '' 
 his forehead creases further . 
 `` sure , it 's upstairs . '' 
 i flash him a little smile before i take the stairs , two steps at a time . 
 my feet are light on the surface , barely making any noise . 
 i wish i had n't left the gun i took from dad 's armoury , in the car . 
 i pray , and i never pray -- that no one followed me here ; otherwise , i will never forgive myself if lennox gets hurt because of me . 
 please , let it be just zoe , doing something embarrassingly stupid . 
 i pass the bathroom . 
 every bone in my body is telling me to go straight to his bedroom . 
 slowly , i push the door ... there 's a gun in front of me , levelled right at my face . 
 perhaps it 's the surprise or the fear , but i fixate on the damn thing . 
 my eyes follow the length of the silencer , the barrel , the hand holding it , then the arm , the shoulder , the neck , and the face ... dad . 
 he quickly points the gun down , and swears under his breath . 
 he looks completely taken aback . 
 and i feel exactly the same . 
 `` what the hell are you doing here ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i can ask him the exact same question , but i think i already know . 
 things are clicking into place , adding up , like lego , going taller and taller , so fast i ca n't keep up . 
 my blood turns cold . 
 `` oh , my god , '' i whisper . 
 i 'm shaking my head , denying the facts in front of me . 
 dad is studying my face , and then he sighs . 
 `` oh please , do n't tell me he 's your new friend . '' 
 he closes his eyes tightly , then opens them again . 
 `` does he know who you are ? '' 
 i 'm still shaking my head . 
 he unhitches himself from the wall . 
 `` listen to me , elle . 
 you have to leave . 
 i 'll take care of this . '' 
 `` no , you 'll not . '' 
 dad stares at me , eyes wide , as though my hair is on fire . 
 his lips part , as if he 's about to say something ... `` jules ? '' 
 fuck . 
 dad raises his gun . 
 i nudge it away , slamming his hand against the door as hard as i can . 
 `` get out of here , lennox ! '' 
 i throw myself against my father , and we both stumble into the room , tripping on a giant , black bean bag , and crashing against a chest of drawers . 
 dad is too stunned to react . 
 `` jules ! '' 
 i quickly stagger to my feet . 
 i do n't look at my father . 
 i ca n't bear to see his face . 
 the gun is on the floor and before he can reach for it , i grab it and run . 
 `` elle ! 
 god damn it ! '' 
 i slam the door shut . 
 i hear my father get on his feet , his swift steps . 
 lennox has a cricket bat in his hand and i take it , wedging it against the door handle . 
 the door rattles , and i jump despite myself , but it does n't open . 
 i push lennox towards the stairs , and he does n't hesitate . 
 we run . 
 i keep pushing him forward , down the stairs , the hallway , until we 're out of the house . 
 my heart is in my throat , choking me . 
 i do n't look back . 
 all i can think of is i have to get him out , i have to get him out safe . 
 everything else is just secondary . 
 not as important . 
 after a few minutes , there 's a loud crack from upstairs , and i flinch involuntarily . 
 `` fuck , fuck , fuck ! '' 
 i hear lennox curse , as we get in his car . 
 i have barely pulled the door closed and the car has already started . 
 lennox has remarkably steady hands for someone in a panic . 
 he slams his foot on the gas , sending the car screeching out of the driveway , almost knocking down the black bin sitting on the corner of the street . 
 oh shit . 
 oh holy shit . 
 i take a last look over my shoulder . 
 my father is standing outside , half hidden in the shadows , watching us . 
 what the hell have i done ? 
 chapter thirteen `` is he following us ?! '' 
 my hands are shaking . 
 no , my whole body is shaking . 
 i keep looking behind , checking if we 're being followed . 
 surprisingly we 're not . 
 surprisingly , lennox can drive really fast . 
 `` is that a gun ?! '' 
 `` yes , it 's a gun . '' 
 shit . 
 this is bad . 
 i just crossed the line , got involved . 
 my dad 's going to wring my neck . 
 `` and can you please stop yelling ? '' 
 lennox stares at the road ahead , breathing heavily . 
 his body is rigid . 
 the veins on his arms and the back of his hands are protruding from gripping the wheel too tight . 
 his expression is a little odd , a cross between surprise and confusion . 
 or perhaps it 's the shadows . 
 they are cloaking half of his face . 
 i can tell he has a lot of questions in his mind , but he 's finding it difficult to ask them out loud . 
 so do i. i sit stiffly , trying to collect my thoughts . 
 this must be a mistake . 
 but dad does n't do mistakes . 
 my dad 's really going to snuff me . 
 that is , if this boy next to me does n't do it first . 
 not if i kill him . 
 `` that man ... he called you ` elle ' . '' 
 i have to act quickly . 
 the clock is ticking . 
 `` why did he call you ` elle ' ? '' 
 `` because that 's my name , '' i say , studying him at the same time . 
 lennox freezes . 
 the lights from an oncoming car illuminate us and i see the blood drain from his face . 
 there is no going back from here , but every fibre in my being refuses to believe what i think i know . 
 what if i 'm wrong ? 
 what if i 'm right ? 
 `` you know that man ? '' 
 lennox jerks his head to look at me and i see a flash of fear . 
 he turns his eyes back to the road , turning left on a one way street . 
 the road sign states the maximum speed to be thirty miles per hour , but lennox is going nearly over sixty . 
 i keep my eyes on him , my hands in front of me . 
 my fingers wrap around the gun tightly , but i ca n't seem to feel the pressure , as though my fingers are numb , lifeless . 
 he knows my father . 
 he 's seen him before . 
 `` do you ? '' 
 he asks again . 
 `` he 's my father . '' 
 chapter fourteen `` watch it ! '' 
 i scream . 
 i stare in horror at the red traffic light looming in front of us . 
 but lennox carries on . 
 cars screech . 
 horns blare from our right and left . 
 i 'm blinded by the headlights . 
 i grab the dashboard for support as we swerve to avoid a car from smashing us in the side , and i 'm squashed against the door , banging my head on the window . 
 it 's not that hard , but it still hurts . 
 i hear someone shout a curse , or i think it was me . 
 my heart is pounding again , so hard and fast , i can hear every beat in my ears . 
 i can feel the throb of my pulse in my neck . 
 lennox straightens the wheel then pulls into a side road , almost crashing into a bush . 
 there 's a cloud of dust flying everywhere . 
 in a blink , he 's gone . 
 he 's out of the car , stumbling backwards before getting back on his feet really quickly , trying to get away . 
 but i 'm not too far behind . 
 i launch myself at him and we tumble to the ground . 
 he tries to scramble free . 
 i grab his arm and twist it behind him , spinning him around . 
 his thoughts rush into my head , like stampeding horses , pounding my brain . 
 i ca n't keep up . 
 he lets out a cry of pain , but he does n't fight back . 
 he does n't struggle . 
 not anymore . 
 why ? 
 i push him onto the ground , face down . 
 i straddle his legs . 
 `` are you going to kill me ? '' 
 he asks . 
 he sounds a little hysterical . 
 she 's going to kill me . 
 i 'm going to die . 
 `` did you kill my grandfather ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 oh my fucking god . 
 `` did you ? '' 
 i twist his arm and dig my nails deeper into his skin . 
 `` yes ! '' 
 he yells , coughing the word out and some of the dirt away from his face . 
 `` he and your father murdered my parents ! '' 
 i think i have stopped breathing . 
 `` do you have proof ? '' 
 `` he told me so ! '' 
 i see the scene in my head . 
 lennox is in a room , a living room or a library , with plush couches and bookcases filled with books . 
 there are paintings on the cream coloured walls . 
 heavy drapes hang over the tall , narrow window , swept to one side . 
 there 's still light outside . 
 rays of sun shine through the window , with little particles flickering in the air , the beams holding them afloat . 
 i 'm seeing everything in his eyes . 
 an old man is sitting on a black armchair , but he is n't looking at lennox . 
 another man comes into view , a man a little younger than my father , with brown hair the same shade as chestnuts . 
 i know who he is . 
 he stands by the door , his arms crossed over his chest . 
 his arms are covered with tattoos . 
 i can feel that lennox knows him . 
 the old man , jack i assume , speaks with anger in his voice , telling the other man to leave lennox alone . 
 but the man screams that lennox has to know the truth . 
 and then dad comes in . 
 suddenly he is standing behind jack and he is looking straight at me -- at lennox . 
 there 's wariness in his eyes . 
 he 's wearing the same dark suit he wore when he found me , the one with blood on the sleeve . 
 only in lennox 's memory , it is spotless . 
 jack speaks , his shoulders sagging with defeat . 
 he speaks of how tired he is of keeping things from lennox , of making sure the truth is hidden . 
 he speaks of a woman , someone called emma , who was a good friend but also a traitor , who disappeared with another spy and placed them all in danger . 
 he speaks about not having any choice , the heartache he felt when he made the decision . 
 he speaks about trying to make things right by taking lennox in , raising him as his own , to atone for his sins . 
 he speaks about how sorry he feels . 
 but the young man speaks again and lennox looks at him , sees the malicious smirk on his face . 
 he stands right next to him , handing him something from behind . 
 then he says to jack , `` father , you do n't have to take all the blame . '' 
 he points at my dad . 
 `` he 's the one , '' he adds in a soft voice , like a devil 's whisper , leaning closer to lennox . 
 `` he 's the one who shot your father in the head and planted the gun in his hand . 
 he 's the one who snapped your mother 's neck . '' 
 lennox screams and points a gun at my father . 
 dad reaches inside his jacket , but jack is suddenly in front of him , blocking him , screaming `` do n't ! '' 
 a shot is fired . 
 there 's blood on jack 's back , a few inches below his left shoulder . 
 jack falls into my father 's arms . 
 ***** `` i killed him . 
 and he deserves it . 
 he lied to me ... '' his voice breaks . 
 `` i shot him on the back like a fucking traitor because that 's what he is ! '' 
 everything falls into place . 
 the picture is complete . 
 and what they did -- it was sick . 
 plot a murder and snatch the child -- a child who was too young , too afraid , and too alone . 
 a child who had no perception of who 's good and who 's bad . 
 jack came in at the time when lennox needed someone to make him feel safe , when he was too young to ask questions . 
 for what reason ? 
 was it mercy ? 
 was it loneliness ? 
 i have a bad feeling it was neither . 
 perhaps he wanted a son that was n't a constant disappointment . 
 i let lennox go . 
 he rolls over , kicking dirt all over the place and crawling backwards until his back hits the side of the car . 
 his face is dirty and full of anguish , but his eyes are wild with anger . 
 tears are running down his cheeks . 
 he 's looking at me but at the same time he 's not , like he 's staring through me , seeing other things . 
 seeing a monster . 
 `` if you 're going to kill me , do it now ! '' 
 he tried to kill my father . 
 he shot at him . 
 `` come on , jules . 
 what the hell are you waiting for ? '' 
 he spreads his arms wide . 
 jack 's son -- my uncle , made him do it . 
 isaac . 
 the isaac . 
 a moan escapes his lips . 
 `` fuck you ! 
 do n't look at me with pity . 
 do it and be done with it ! '' 
 shooting jack was an accident . 
 even i can see that . 
 `` this is why you 're here , right ? 
 you work with your father ; you 're here to keep me close , to keep an eye on me , so when the right time comes he can murder me like he murdered my parents ! '' 
 his words are like slaps on my face . 
 to my amazement , he starts to laugh . 
 a laugh so bitter , it hurts my ears . 
 `` shut the hell up ! '' 
 i scream , pointing the gun at him . 
 there are cars passing us , but i do n't give a rat 's ass if anyone hears or sees me . 
 i just saved his life , the little shit ! 
 when i saw my father back in his house , with his gun drawn , ready to kill , i knew it then . 
 i knew why he was there . 
 but in a click , in a snap , i made a decision . 
 and it was n't a hard one . 
 i followed what my heart told me to do -- no question . 
 i did n't care about the possible outcome . 
 i did n't care about my father . 
 i did n't care about me . 
 i still do n't . 
 `` get up , '' i tell him as i will my legs to stand . 
 he meets my eyes as he slowly inches his way up , his back sliding up against the car door . 
 we do n't break eye contact . 
 good . 
 `` do you seriously think i 'd be here -- you 'd be here -- if that 's the plan ? '' 
 i step towards him and jab the gun on his chest . 
 he flinches . 
 `` i did n't know about you until i found my father in your house ! 
 but i 'm here -- with you . 
 i helped you escape . 
 so fuck you too ! '' 
 we glare at each other and i feel like hitting him with my gun . 
 instead , i tuck it behind me , into the waistband of my jeans . 
 to think that once , possibly twice , i essentially imagined a new life here -- with this guy who 's looking at me with so much hate and fear at the same time -- is quite hilarious . 
 i actually considered the possibility that i might have a shot at something good and then it turns out that it 's virtually impossible . 
 i feel like i was promised a warm bath , but instead i was stripped naked and thrown into a freezing lake . 
 i 'm too rattled to cope . 
 i 'm so devastated , it 's funny . 
 i can feel the laughter bubbling in my chest . 
 lennox is not just a boy from school . 
 he 's not just the boy who saved me from falling and breaking my neck . 
 he 's not just a friend who was a potential british fling . 
 technically , he 's family -- whatever that means . 
 therefore , us -- it 's never going to happen . 
 poof ! 
 `` why did you do it ? '' 
 he asks . 
 what ? 
 `` go to hell . '' 
 `` jules ... '' `` do n't call me that , '' i snap . 
 a big truck passes us , and the road shakes . 
 the wind blows on us , mixed with dust , and it hurts my eyes . 
 i wipe the little particles off impatiently , and i realise that i 'm crying . 
 lennox grabs me by my elbows . 
 i quickly pull away . 
 he shoots me a look , searching my face for any sign of ... what ? 
 `` i did n't know about your parents . '' 
 i want to say i 'm sorry but what good would it do ? 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` tell me one thing , elle . 
 why am i here ? '' 
 i do n't answer . 
 he looks up at the dark sky . 
 his shoulders are stiff and his hands are clenched into fists . 
 he makes a soft sound , as if he 's trying to say something but it comes out as a heavy breath . 
 then his eyes focus -- really focus on me , pinning me . 
 without meaning to , i look away , afraid to see something , afraid to see a drastic change . 
 afraid to find his blue eyes have darkened with hatred and he 's started seeing me for who i really am -- a murderer 's daughter . 
 we stand , facing each other , without saying a word . 
 there 's humming inside my ears , like a buzzing bee . 
 it 's killing me . 
 after a moment , he says , `` go back to your father . 
 and the next time he finds me , do n't try to stop him . '' 
 i feel a massive jolt inside of me , like i 've been hit by lightning . 
 i watch him walk away from me , leaving his car behind . 
 leaving me behind and going back to where my father is , and an image flashes in my mind , an image i never want to see . 
 i think i cried out ` stop ! ' 
 , i 'm not sure , but my feet and legs are moving , moving me towards him , clumsy but fast . 
 my arm reaches out and i watch my hand pull the sleeve of his shirt and he turns to face me one more time . 
 his eyes are full of ... everything . 
 and before i can think of what i 'm about to do , of how i feel , i 'm pressed against lennox , kissing him . 
 chapter fifteen lennox 's hand rests on my waist , and i feel his fingers sweep up a little . 
 my lips touch his and they 're as soft as i imagined . 
 he 's kissing me back , his lower lip brushing across both of mine . 
 sweet , gentle but restrained . 
 his arms wrap around me and i feel myself soften against him , as he pulls me tighter , closer . 
 my right hand is trapped between us , my palm pressed against his chest , over his heart . 
 and his heart is drumming the same beat as my pulse , hard and fast , as though they 're calling out to each other over and over , wishing to be one . 
 i 'm overwhelmed by the feel of him against me . 
 this burning ... i kiss him deeper and he moans in my mouth . 
 i trace his cheek with my finger and i can see what 's in his mind , but i let the thoughts flow unnoticed like a soft soundtrack of a movie . 
 i let myself get lost in the moment . 
 `` get a room ! '' 
 a shout of laughter follows and echoes as a red car with drunken passengers speeds off . 
 i realise lennox 's car 's engine is still running and the headlights are still on . 
 we 're sitting ducks out here . 
 we break apart . 
 he rests his forehead against mine , our noses are touching , and we 're breathing each other 's breaths . 
 `` he will still kill you , '' i say . 
 `` i know . '' 
 but i wo n't let him . 
 i do n't know how i 'm going to prevent him , but i will not let my father kill lennox , especially now that i 'm sure of how i feel . 
 `` we 're going to run away . 
 we 're going to hide until i think things through ... '' `` no . '' 
 i gape at him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i 'm going to confess my crime to the police . '' 
 `` are you out of your freaking mind ? '' 
 i push him away . 
 was that his plan when he called and said goodbye ? 
 `` and then what ? 
 you 'll end up in jail ? 
 you think you 'll be safe there ? '' 
 if my father is after someone , a prison cell will not stop him . 
 lennox hangs his head . 
 he 's staring down at his shoes . 
 others may admire this honesty , this bravery . 
 i think it 's stupid . 
 `` i do n't know what to do , '' he says . 
 we should get out of the open . 
 it 's not safe . 
 my father could be here ... somewhere . 
 `` we have to go , '' i say with urgency . 
 he nods . 
 ***** lennox winces at every bump and jolt . 
 he does n't like the idea of driving down the dirt road , more like a footpath actually , to get to the spot that i picked , but he does it anyway . 
 when the path levels , he lets out a not so discreet sigh of relief and his body relaxes , as though he 's been straining and holding his breath . 
 the car crawls a few feet farther and draws to a stop underneath a bridge . 
 he turns the engine and the lights off , as i rest my head back and close my eyes . 
 i 've been thinking , crafting and discarding plans in my head over and over during the entire drive , but i ca n't seem to come up with anything solid and safe . 
 it 's hard to outwit my father , to guess what moves he will make . 
 it 's like climbing a steel pole with greasy hands . 
 `` it was an accident . '' 
 my ears prick up . 
 lennox is pointing a lit penlight on the floor , to give us some light . 
 i steal a glance at him and find him watching me . 
 his eyes are solemn and tired . 
 `` i know , '' i say . 
 something flashes in his eyes for a split second , then disappears . 
 he bows his head . 
 he 's sorry , i can tell . 
 but he does n't feel remorse . 
 part of him does n't regret his actions , does n't wish to take back what he did . 
 not as yet . 
 a train passes above , rattling my jaw as it rattles on its track . 
 i do n't know why i think it 's a good idea to hide here when clearly we wo n't be getting any sleep . 
 but this is the last place my father would consider . 
 but then again , my guess might be wrong ; he 'd probably search for us in the most illogical place possible . 
 this is driving me insane . 
 `` telling you this is perhaps not a good idea , but i was aiming at your father . 
 he was there . 
 when it happened , '' he says , glancing at me from the corner of his eyes . 
 `` it happened because i found out what he did , what they did . '' 
 i do n't respond . 
 lennox presses his lips together and looks away . 
 i try to look the other way but i ca n't . 
 `` but jack shielded him . 
 actually , i think he protected me , but i 'm not certain . '' 
 he shakes his head , as if to clear his blurry thoughts . 
 i want to say he was right , but that will be unwise , it will be giving too much away . 
 he might have known things about me , but not all . 
 i still have a secret to hide . 
 does he ? 
 `` it 's okay if you 're mad . '' 
 `` i 'm not mad , '' i snap . 
 he raises an eyebrow . 
 `` i 'm not mad , '' i say softly . 
 well , this is a lot for me to take in . 
 it 's like a massive boulder of both good and bad , all meshed together , has been dumped on me . 
 and on him . 
 i 'm a little inundated . 
 `` i 'd probably do the exact same thing if i was in your shoes . '' 
 i see him nod , bow his head . 
 neither of us speaks for a couple of minutes . 
 it frightens me that i 'm choosing to ignore my fear -- the fear that lennox hates my father so much that he will , one day , try to get even . 
 perhaps , i 'm an idiot . 
 perhaps , i 'm a fool . 
 time will tell . 
 but what frightens me the most is where i would be if it happens . 
 i guess i just have to make sure that it wo n't . 
 `` i have never met him , my grandfather . '' 
 this time , he gapes at me . 
 `` ever ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` we 're not ... conventional . '' 
 he does n't appear shocked or confused . 
 `` you already know that , do n't you ? '' 
 lennox bites his lower lip . 
 `` your mum left because your father has issues . 
 and apparently , your father has this thing about isolation . '' 
 i scoff . 
 `` seriously , what do you know ? '' 
 he holds my gaze . 
 `` everything , '' he says . 
 he seems too normal for someone raised with such knowledge . 
 `` you do n't seem fucked up . '' 
 `` neither do you . '' 
 he inclines his head . 
 `` we 're brought up the same way , i suppose . '' 
 then his eyes shift to my hip . 
 `` or probably not . '' 
 i feel the weight of the gun pressing on my back -- that cold , solid , security-blanket-like pressure . 
 `` i keep my distance from that life , '' he adds , his eyes skimming from my waist to my face . 
 i try to ignore it , and i 'm sure there 's no meaning to that look , but my skin seems to quiver under it . 
 being looked at by lennox is like being caressed by feathers . 
 `` i 've never used a weapon before ... '' his voice breaks . 
 `` then you 're a natural , '' i say with sarcasm as sharp as a knife . 
 i 'm not an idiot . 
 `` that 's not something i 'm proud of , believe it or not . '' 
 the rawness of his voice , the flicker of shame in his eyes , catches my attention . 
 oh . 
 he 's telling the truth . 
 then he 's a fool . 
 `` you should know how to defend yourself if you 're a part of that family . '' 
 `` i know how to defend myself . 
 i do n't need weapons . '' 
 then he 's a bigger fool and a stupid one as well if he thinks a few boxing techniques will save his life from an assassin like my father . 
 unlike me . 
 i do n't take chances . 
 and neither does my dad . 
 i 've been called ferocious by people i know and those i do n't . 
 another train passes and it 's as loud as the last one . 
 i grit my teeth . 
 i would give anything for an hour of peaceful sleep right now , but that 's far from ever happening . 
 the sky is turning orange by the minute . 
 soon it will be complete daylight , and our little hiding place will no longer do . 
 the unbearable noise seems to jar lennox 's nerves as well and he looks like he 's about to snap , like an excessively wound-up guitar . 
 `` jack did n't force you ? '' 
 `` he tried . 
 he said it was for my protection ... '' he trails off . 
 his eyes are fixed on my hands , as if he 's trying to read the lines on my skin or follow my veins . 
 i pull my hands closer to my belly , suddenly conscious . 
 my veins are sticking out like fat green worms . 
 i have no princess-hands . 
 they 're calloused , roughened from weapons training among other things . 
 `` elle , i know where to go . '' 
 his eyes meet mine . 
 oh no . 
 not isaac . 
 he had me tailed , and i do n't think it was for my protection . 
 besides , why trust the guy who nudges someone to kill , then runs off ? 
 this guy -- my uncle -- murdered children . 
 there wo n't be anything good in his bones . 
 surely lennox knows that . 
 `` we can go to faye . 
 faye will help us . '' 
 my back stiffens as if someone has dropped an ice cube inside my shirt and it 's slowly running down my back . 
 and my ears hurt as though something has exploded inside them and i 'm going deaf . 
 he 's out of his fucking mind . 
 `` no . '' 
 lennox pulls his shoulders back . 
 `` of course , sorry , i was n't thinking . '' 
 i 'd rather go back to my father and suffer his wrath . 
 or slit my own wrists . 
 anything painful is better than seeing her , or asking for her help . 
 if i could filter her blood from my veins , i would have it sucked dry and poured down the drain . 
 she 's a part of me that i would gladly get rid of . 
 our windows are covered with frost . 
 and through the tiny cracks , the small spaces the frost failed to cover , i can see the mud and the vines and the filthy walls . 
 a very unsightly sight ; worse for someone with no sleep and awfully exhausted . 
 we have to get going . 
 i ca n't live like this indefinitely . 
 i have to think of something . 
 and fast . 
 chapter sixteen i slam the safety deposit box shut so hard , i do n't care if i make a dent , and swallow my scream . 
 this is the third bank -- third bank that i 've been , and like the first two , this one has been emptied as well . 
 god damn it , dad . 
 there are other boxes in other cities and towns where he keeps some emergency cash and passports , but i ca n't afford to go to each one of them . 
 i could be heading straight to where he wants me to be . 
 my eyes lock with lennox 's as i step out of the room . 
 he stands up . 
 i shake my head . 
 slowly , he sinks back onto the brown leather sofa . 
 the old lady sitting next to him gives him an odd , curious look . 
 `` there 's another one , but we have to travel farther up north , '' i say in a low voice . 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` manchester . '' 
 `` crikey . 
 this is getting ridiculous . '' 
 i do n't feel comfortable with all these cctvs . 
 i tilt my head downwards and walk out of the bank , out the glass doors that part automatically , with lennox on my heels . 
 it 's drizzling and everything looks grey . 
 this is the sort of weather that makes your hair go frizzy in no time . 
 i put my stolen baseball cap on my head -- not because of the rain . 
 lennox pulls his hood up , and we walk briskly to his car . 
 we really should get rid of this car . 
 it 's like a beacon . 
 we might as well tell my dad and isaac where we are . 
 `` sorry , i did n't mean to sound ungrateful , '' he says over the traffic noise . 
 the blue car parallel-parked behind us is reversing . 
 there 's a middle-aged woman inside with a toddler girl sitting behind her . 
 i hop in the passenger seat . 
 `` what you mean does n't matter to me . '' 
 i do n't know why i said that . 
 i supposed i 'm a little bit peeved , and a little bit emotionally frustrated . 
 we 're halfway through the day and not once -- not once -- did he mention the kiss . 
 though it scares me a little to talk about it , and perhaps there 's a far more important problem that we have to sort out first , a little indication that the kiss was n't just a kiss would be nice . 
 god , i hate myself . 
 clearly , i suck at prioritising . 
 i want to slap someone . 
 i want to lash out at some random person and hope the little tantrum would be enough to make me feel better . 
 after all , my life is suddenly upside-down , inside-out . 
 thanks to him . 
 lennox hesitates next to the car , then nods his head in understanding , though i 'm not entirely sure what he has understood . 
 his hand grips the edge of the open door tightly before he slides in . 
 `` jack took me to this place where i could go if something like this happens . 
 he said i 'll find everything that i need there . '' 
 `` where is it ? '' 
 `` it 's in the middle of nowhere . '' 
 i think about it . 
 `` is it safe ? '' 
 `` probably , '' he breathes the word out . 
 there 's a noticeable impatience in his tone . 
 my eyes dart sideways to peek at him , and i see the face of a man that 's about to do something stupid . 
 he says , `` i do n't want to run . 
 i want to deal with this . '' 
 here we go again . 
 i turn so i 'm facing him fully . 
 he already looks like he has had enough , when the dilemma only started yesterday . 
 `` is n't that what we 're doing ? '' 
 `` you know what i mean . '' 
 do i ? 
 `` what you want is suicide . '' 
 `` it 's better than waiting to be killed ! '' 
 `` do you seriously think that telling my father that you 're sorry and it was an accident will stop him from murdering you ? '' 
 i scream . 
 he does n't understand . 
 there 's more to this than revenge . 
 `` no ! '' 
 `` do n't you dare say there 's no harm in trying because trust me , in this case , there might be . '' 
 i turn away , and see a tall woman in stilettos wobble on her feet , almost slipping , if not for the bin along the walkway , her hand landing on the rusty top . 
 `` unless , you 're thinking of hurting him ... '' `` what ? '' 
 `` ... . 
 and if that 's the case , i will not let you . '' 
 both of them will have to get through me to get to each other , or god help me , i will whisper them to my will . 
 `` the victim always has the motive . 
 that 's a given . '' 
 there 's a sharp edge to his voice . 
 `` but the game changes almost every minute . '' 
 he 's glaring at me . 
 i can feel it , the pressure of his stare , like needles piercing my skin . 
 i close my eyes and let relief and shame wash over me . 
 `` you doubted me . 
 it 's only fair that i doubted you . '' 
 a siren blares in the background and an ambulance whizzes by a couple of moments later . 
 lennox sighs . 
 `` fair enough . '' 
 he starts the car . 
 as the car sputters to life , it feels like a new understanding has grown between us . 
 then he says , `` so . 
 run and hide . 
 that 's the plan . '' 
 `` for now . 
 that 's the rational thing to do . '' 
 and rational people live . 
 `` but what comes after ? '' 
 i have n't thought it through . 
 `` we 'll ... we 'll cross that bridge when we get there . '' 
 he makes a sound , close between a groan and a scoff . 
 `` basically , you 're asking me to cross my fingers and hope for the best . 
 lovely . '' 
 when he puts it like that , it sounds absurd and pathetic . 
 but i ca n't let him walk into a certain death ! 
 i nod anyway . 
 to my utmost relief , lennox gives in with just a long sigh -- a sign that he 's not in the least overjoyed . 
 it 's raining pretty heavily now . 
 i can barely see outside and the wiper is already working as fast as it can . 
 lennox is not talking , the radio is n't on , and i 'm okay with it , okay with just the rhythmic sound of the slushing water and the patter on the roof . 
 i lean my head back and close my eyes , letting the almost-quiet soothe me . 
 a moment of peace . 
 it 's all i ask . 
 ***** `` elle , wake up , '' says lennox . 
 `` what ? '' 
 my eyes drift to his watch . 
 i did fall asleep , a dreamless sleep . 
 i ca n't believe it . 
 more than an hour has passed . 
 my neck is strained . 
 i flex my left hand , stretching my fingers to bring them back to life after sitting on them during the entire drive . 
 `` what 's this place ? 
 this is not the place , is it ? '' 
 we 're in front of a shop , a small one with a battered sign and walls covered with all sorts of ads . 
 it does n't look open . 
 it 's abandoned , coated with graffiti and moss and mud . 
 `` no , not exactly , '' lennox says , anxiously peering out , his hand reaching for the door . 
 i do the same . 
 the rain has stopped , or it did n't rain here as the concrete ground is completely dry . 
 we push the doors and they click shut at exactly the same time , as my eyes wander to assess our surrounding . 
 we 're alone . 
 behind us , there are a few warehouses , abandoned as well . 
 lennox is heading towards the empty shop . 
 `` years ago , this was some sort of a plant . '' 
 he pushes the door open , and i follow him inside , wincing at the smell of damp wood and something decaying . 
 there 's a big wet patch on the floor , right underneath the gaping hole on the roof . 
 circular tables are scattered about , rotting and broken and covered with dust and webs . 
 this must have been a restaurant or a canteen . 
 lennox makes his way behind the long counter and crouches . 
 i can only see the top of his head . 
 i hear him grunt and there 's a scraping sound , like metal rubbing against metal . 
 when he stands up , he 's clutching something in his hand . 
 i tilt my head to the side . 
 he holds up a key , a normal looking silver key , and then comes back around , walks past me and through the door , with no offer of explanation . 
 okay then . 
 `` i 'm ... going to hide my car , '' he says . 
 he motions me to wait . 
 so i wait . 
 i stand outside the canteen with my arms crossed over my chest . 
 from the corner of my eyes , i see something big and in red . 
 ever so slightly , i turn my head , curious . 
 behind me is a wooden panel nailed over the window , and across it someone 's written : des calder is a wanker . 
 charming . 
 lennox drives his car into the warehouse , carefully manoeuvring through the narrow opening . 
 as he walks back out , i ca n't help but stare . 
 each step he takes is like pins in my heart , pins that have become quite familiar , quite comfortable . 
 as the wind blows against him , his shirt presses against his skin , outlining his torso . 
 my first thought is to wrap him up , protect him from the cold . 
 protect him from me . 
 `` are n't you freezing ? '' 
 `` i 'm used to this weather , '' he answers , shoving his hands in his pockets . 
 `` it 's going to be quite a distance , i 'm warning you now . '' 
 right . 
 so this is n't the place . 
 `` lead the way . '' 
 we walk in silence , ducking under a metal fence as thin as chicken wires -- run over by a truck from the looks of it . 
 he offers his hand to help me cross over a concrete border , and i take it , closing my mind to spare myself pain . 
 as soon as my footing is sure , i let go , and suddenly i 'm assaulted by this feeling that i 'm not completely whole . 
 i push the feeling aside . 
 i do n't move , not until there 's enough distance between us . 
 i pretend that i 'm busy tying my hair up when he looks back to check on me , and i nod to him to move on . 
 and he does . 
 this is pathetic . 
 for the first time since i opened my eyes , i wonder where we are exactly . 
 normally that 's the first thing that i would want to know , but it did n't occur to me to ask . 
 i do n't see any familiar landmarks . 
 i do n't see any landmarks at all that might give me a clue about this place . 
 no signs , just an endless expanse of fields . 
 i probably should n't ask . 
 he probably would n't tell me anyway . 
 it will probably be safer this way . 
 we follow the long , winding gravel path until we reach a wooden bridge , a short one , long enough to enable us to cross a narrow stream . 
 `` i do n't think it will hold us both at the same time , '' lennox says . 
 `` i 'll cross first . '' 
 he carefully steps on the bridge -- left foot following his right , jumping to test if it will hold his weight . 
 it 's just a stream , not a ravine , for christ 's sake . 
 `` if ever you fall , the worst case scenario is your shoes will get wet . '' 
 his ears turn as red as a tomato . 
 i suppress a smile in case he looks at me , and watch him as he squares his shoulders and walks , slowly , across the bridge . 
 it creaks . 
 i say a quick silent prayer for it not to give way . 
 yeah , i like making fun of him , embarrassing him , but i do n't want him to actually fall . 
 eleven careful steps after and he 's on the other side . 
 a minute later , i 'm standing next to him . 
 `` all right then , '' he says , turning his back on me . 
 we trudge across the field , and this time there 's no gravel path to follow . 
 the grass is tall , up to our waists , and a little coarse and prickly . 
 it dances and waves in tune with the wind , like a tribesman worshipping his god . 
 i pass my hands absentmindedly through it while lennox walks with his arms up , like giving a sign of surrender . 
 thankfully , the ground feels dry against the soles of my boots . 
 dandelions fly around us , disturbed by our movements and by the wind , and they 're like tiny , dancing fairies . 
 i find myself smiling . 
 i love dandelions ! 
 lennox looks over his shoulder . 
 `` good for you . '' 
 i did n't know i said it out loud . 
 `` they only give me hay fever . 
 there should n't be any this time of the year , but there goes my luck . 
 again . '' 
 he smiles as well , the sides of his eyes crinkle , giving him a look of mischief . 
 he turns around and starts walking backwards . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i feel self-conscious . 
 `` i have n't seen you smile in twenty-four hours . 
 i do n't want to miss this lest you do n't smile again . '' 
 there 's a quickening inside me , like a rush of heat from the tip of my toes to the top of my head and the ends of my hair . 
 i ca n't help it ; i ca n't help but break into a wider smile . 
 and then i see it . 
 i see the way his face freezes in wonder , the way his eyes lose control and show how he feels inside . 
 my breath hitches in my throat and without meaning to , my face catches fire and i immediately look down as if watching the grass sway as i walk is so damn interesting . 
 i do n't realise that he has stopped walking until i 'm just inches from him . 
 i halt , and he reaches for me , enfolding me in his arms . 
 at first , i 'm too stunned . 
 i stop breathing . 
 `` do n't ... push me away . '' 
 something inside of me crumbles . 
 he 's so warm . 
 his arms are strong and tight around me . 
 without thinking any further , i wrap my arms around his waist and breathe in , filling my senses with his scent , drinking in all of him . 
 no further words are spoken . 
 they 're not necessary . 
 somehow , we both know what we both need -- closeness , heartbeats . 
 we stand like this , our faces buried in each other 's necks , as moments go by , until we 've used up all the warmth our bodies could give . 
 chapter seventeen it 's almost dark when we reach the place . 
 my eyes narrow and i feel dubious as i take it in . 
 it 's just a dilapidated building . 
 half of it is on the ground . 
 the entire roof looks like it collapsed years and years ago . 
 the walls -- what 's left of them -- are covered with moss . 
 and amidst the knee-high grasses , there 's a gigantic tree bang in the middle , with a trunk so thick you ca n't circle it with your arms . 
 i spin to look at him , my mouth gaping open . 
 `` this used to be a part of the manor , '' lennox says . 
 `` is that supposed to impress me ? '' 
 `` do n't be fooled . '' 
 he motions me to follow him with a tilt of his head . 
 he 's grinning like an excited little boy who 's about to open his present . 
 now i 'm curious . 
 from what i assume used to be the entrance to the building , he walks a straight line close to the wall . 
 i realise he 's counting quietly ; his eyes are trained on the moss-covered bricks . 
 then he stops and crouches , parting the weeds on the ground until he finds the very base of the wall . 
 i watch him as he counts the bricks , from the bottom going up . 
 on the sixth brick he pauses , then counts six more bricks to the right . 
 then he stops . 
 his fingers linger over it , and i wonder what he 's going to do , what 's hidden underneath that ordinary looking red brick . 
 lennox fishes the silver key from his pocket and hands it to me . 
 i study it and find nothing special about it . 
 it 's just a regular key that you sometimes find left lying on the sidewalk . 
 whatever is it that lennox is going to open with this dull-looking key , i bet i can easily open it with just a pair of hairpins . 
 with both hands , he pries the brick off , gradually and carefully . 
 dust falls from beneath it as it loosens from the wall inch by inch . 
 lennox is grunting softly . 
 he kneels in front of it to get more balance . 
 a few more pulls and it is off , and lennox places it on the ground . 
 i hunch to see what 's inside . 
 there 's some sort of metal door , small like a safe door , only it does n't have a dial or buttons , just a keyhole . 
 lennox blows on it and dust scatters , flying right back on his face . 
 he winces , covering his nose with the back of his hand . 
 with his other hand , he wipes the keyhole clean . 
 i 'm getting pretty impatient . 
 `` today , please . '' 
 he shoots me a look . 
 he reaches for the key i 'm holding and inserts it into the lock , turning it sideways . 
 what happens next is something out of the ordinary . 
 the ground behind us shakes . 
 i jump and whirl to see the ground split into two . 
 only it does n't crack . 
 it parts in the middle , opening like those double elevator doors . 
 the bushes on top of it sway and rattle , and when i look at them closely , i realise they 're not real . 
 but they seem real enough . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 lennox reinserts the brick to cover the little door . 
 `` cool , right ? 
 when jack brought me here the first time , i was so gobsmacked . 
 i 'm still pretty impressed . '' 
 he dusts his jeans , then motions to me to take a closer look . 
 i step closer , closer , a little wary that the ground might collapse under my feet , but of course it will not . 
 i look at him and see the encouragement in his eyes . 
 the tension in my shoulders eases . 
 there 's a steel ladder that leads down . 
 i can see the floor and it looks marbled . 
 not what i 'm expecting from an underground bunker . 
 `` it 's a bunker , '' lennox says . 
 `` i know . '' 
 he ignores my sarcastic quip and lowers himself onto the ladder and descends . 
 i hesitate . 
 what if he lured me here to kill me ? 
 or to take me hostage so he can get to my father ? 
 what if he 's working with isaac and isaac is waiting for us below ? 
 no . 
 stop it . 
 once again , i 'm being naturally suspicious . 
 i bury it somewhere deep where it ca n't come out unless i need it to . 
 i look around to make sure no one is watching and follow him down . 
 the light comes on before my feet reach the ground . 
 the door above me closes ; the early evening light diminishing slowly until it 's no more than a fine line , then the line disappears completely . 
 we 're sealed in . 
 wow . 
 i have to say i like this idea very much . 
 dad has n't got one of these made for me , i 'm sure , or he would have bragged about it already . 
 i whip around to face lennox but he 's in the far corner of the room , busy rummaging through an average size metal crate against the wall . 
 the room looks really bare apart from essential stuff like a table and chair , a sink and i 'm assuming the little room on the far side of the room is the bathroom . 
 and the single bed in the corner . 
 i ca n't keep my eyes off the bed . 
 `` we have some energy bars , chocolates and water . '' 
 i turn to him and he 's holding a couple of chocolate bars in both hands , waving them at me . 
 i thought i 'm not hungry but the sight of food -- junk food to be precise , is enough to make my stomach growl like an angry puppy . 
 he throws me a bar with a little smile on his face . 
 `` are you sure this place is safe ? '' 
 i ask as i unwrap my dinner and i 'm about to sit on the chair when lennox hurries to stop me . 
 `` it 's dusty , '' he explains , wiping his hand over the seat . 
 how sweet of him to think of my clothes . 
 `` only jack and i know about this place , and as far as i know he built this for me . 
 i have some of my clothes and things in that crate , you see . '' 
 i nod in understanding , chewing as fast as i can . 
 i 'm really hungry . 
 i take another bite though i barely swallowed the last one . 
 i 'm conscious that my mouth is really full . 
 `` here . '' 
 lennox offers me a bottle of water . 
 i ca n't avoid his laughing eyes any more . 
 i take the bottle from his hand and drink from it . 
 his chocolate is still intact , and i hope it will stay like that for a few more minutes . 
 i should be ashamed of my greediness . 
 i 'm glad lennox stops watching me and start turning the bed . 
 `` you can take the bed . 
 i 'll sleep on the chair . 
 we 'll make a more definite plan after . 
 we ca n't stay in here forever . '' 
 `` do n't be silly , we can sleep together . 
 sideways . '' 
 lennox freezes , like an old man who ca n't stand upright . 
 then it hits me , like warm air blowing on my face . 
 `` i suppose we can . 
 lovely , '' he softly responds . 
 i keep my mouth shut , mentally cursing myself . 
 i quickly finish the rest of my chocolate and will myself to relax . 
 i like and i do n't like the effects he has on me . 
 why do i have to be such a girl ? 
 we 're here alone in a bunker , hiding and trying to stay alive as i 'm sure my uncle still wants me dead -- but all i can think about right now is we 're alone in the middle of nowhere ! 
 i 'm scared . 
 i do n't know this elle . 
 from the corner of my eyes , i see lennox get under the covers , scooting towards the far side . 
 he 's returning my invitation . 
 if i decline , i will look pathetic and shy -- a freaking wuss . 
 fine ! 
 i kick my boots off , one foot at a time , and join him . 
 he 's lying on his side , like i suggested , but he 's facing me . 
 i groan inside . 
 i swear , if he suggestively taps the bed , i will smack him on the head . 
 i lower myself next to him . 
 because lennox has his back almost pressed against the wall , there 's enough space for me to lie on my back , with my right shoulder hanging off the bed . 
 i drape my right arm across my body . 
 this does n't feel comfortable , to say the least . 
 my body feels so tight , so ill at ease . 
 i ca n't get to sleep when half of my body is going to fall off . 
 i turn to my left . 
 right . 
 perhaps this is not physically awkward but still a little awkward . 
 he 's watching me , his face impassive . 
 he uses his right arm as his pillow , his left hand rests palm down between us , close to my belly . 
 he has such lovely hands , and those fingers -- long and slender , reminding me of those candles on a table at a romantic dinner . 
 i shut my eyes , willing my heart to stop beating so fast , slowing my breathing . 
 i reopen my eyes . 
 lennox is fast asleep . 
 ***** as soon as i wake up , my brain starts churning , the first thing that plays in my mind is scene in a movie -- where rachel weisz tells ryan reynolds she has never spent the whole day in bed with a really great guy . 
 i think i just did , it 's a shame i was asleep , though it took me a long while to catch it . 
 lennox was so close . 
 i felt his breath on my hair the whole time . 
 it was really distracting . 
 but eventually my system shut down , like a car that ran out of gas . 
 lennox is still sleeping . 
 i can feel his slow , steady breathing . 
 this feels nice , but i 'm aware that this is not going to last for very long . 
 we have a pressing situation . 
 and i still have n't got a clue how to get us out of it . 
 i 've thought of speaking to my father , but to be really honest , i 'm scared . 
 you do n't cross my dad unless you have a certain death wish . 
 you would n't dare cross his path if you know what he has done . 
 i 'm hoping that along the way something will come up -- a miracle perhaps -- that will save me from his wrath . 
 perhaps there 's something that i can do in exchange for his forgiveness . 
 give lennox up . 
 straightaway , i dismiss the absurd idea . 
 out of the question . 
 obviously . 
 but . 
 there is something that lennox can do , or offer . 
 and i do n't see any reason why he would refuse . 
 lennox wants to put an end to this as soon as possible , he said so himself . 
 i sit up , rather too quickly , and i feel a little dizzy . 
 yes ! 
 i might have an actual plan here . 
 lennox bolts upright . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` nothing , go back to sleep , '' i say . 
 he buries his face in his hands , i 'm guessing to keep his head from spinning . 
 i 'm suddenly aware of my bed hair . 
 no one has seen me with my bed hair before but my father . 
 i feel so exposed . 
 i rush into the bathroom while combing my fingers through my hair and because my bladder is practically calling for it . 
 when i come out , lennox is on his feet , walking towards me with a white towel in his hand . 
 he sort of shoves it at me . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 he nods and closes the door behind him . 
 i sit on the bed , staring at my boots lying on the floor . 
 the floor is n't cold , which is weird . 
 the whole bunker is n't freezing , come to think of it . 
 there must be a source of heat somewhere here that activated when we opened the door ... jack cared for lennox so much then , to think of his comfort while making sure of his safety . 
 i feel a little twinge of jealousy mixed with regret and resentment . 
 dad has his reasons , and i 'm sure they are pretty valid and good , but how could he make a decision about family , about who 's going to be in my life or not , without consulting me first ? 
 dad picked my school . 
 he took me to places he chose . 
 come to think of it , he never once asked me if i wanted to learn how to use a weapon ! 
 he basically laid it all out for me -- what i can or ca n't do -- what he thinks is best . 
 though he allowed me to bend some rules and let me off with just a little slap on the wrist , but still . 
 i 'm free and at the same time i 'm not . 
 the bathroom door swings open and i gather myself together . 
 lennox stands on the threshold , refastening his watch around his left wrist without looking at it . 
 his eyes are trained on me . 
 every new day , it seems like i 'm seeing him for the first time . 
 slowly , he walks closer , sits next to me , and bumps his shoulder on mine . 
 then he leans closer , close enough for our lips to touch , but before i can even think if i should pull back , he changes his mind . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i have n't even asked you if this ... '' his forefinger points at me then back at him , in a back and forth motion . 
 `` ... is all right . '' 
 `` i kissed you . '' 
 his eyebrows pop up . 
 `` yes ... yes , you did . '' 
 he clears his throat . 
 `` and i kissed you back . 
 you know why i kissed you back , but i 'm not sure why you kissed me . 
 i 'm guessing you did that to stop me from going suicidal . '' 
 he smiles . 
 it 's barely there , just a little lift at the corner of his lips , but it appears to make the room brighter ... i shake my head . 
 `` you 're thinking that this is not going to work , '' he says with a frown . 
 `` legally , you 're my niece , '' he adds as though the statement explains everything . 
 i suppress a laugh . 
 i hope he 's not making a huge deal out of it . 
 lennox scratches the skin behind his right ear . 
 `` but we 're not blood related , so that should be okay . '' 
 `` that should be okay ? '' 
 i peer at him , my eyebrows knotting . 
 `` i do n't want to look like a dick , kissing my niece . '' 
 laughter bursts out of me . 
 `` you 're worried about that now ? '' 
 `` no ! 
 it 's just ... '' he sighs . 
 his cheeks are blazing . 
 `` forget it . '' 
 if this is n't hilarious , the whole situation would be beyond awkward . 
 i nod . 
 i 'm happy to forget it -- this last twenty seconds of our conversation . 
 i feel like a total moron , waiting for him to clarify things when it 's me who should do the clarifying . 
 you would n't get an answer if you do n't ask . 
 `` this is not the right time , '' i say . 
 in a snap , lennox 's expression adjusts , like a bowl of water after the ripples fade away -- smooth and calm . 
 `` you 're right . '' 
 something flickers in his eyes . 
 `` of course , you 're right . '' 
 `` and i do n't think there will ever be a right time , '' i add . 
 `` i mean , how could this be right ? '' 
 `` your father wants to kill me . '' 
 `` yes ! 
 imagine how uncomfortable it would be , us having dinner , my father aiming his gun at you under the table ... '' i give a little laugh . 
 `` i 'll be dead before dessert . '' 
 `` exactly , and i 'll be devas ... '' i stop short and close my eyes , count to three and reopen them `` ... i 'll be really pissed off and i 'll probably throw the steak knife at him ! 
 messy . 
 it will be so messy ! '' 
 my heart sinks . 
 suddenly i feel so stupid for making a joke when what i really want to say is , i keep pushing it at the back of my head , deal with the situation one step at the time , make sure that you stay alive no matter what , because i 'd rather see you walk away and settle with the idea that perhaps one day i 'll see you again , than make myself accept that you 're permanently gone . 
 i sigh , barely meeting his eyes . 
 `` my father ... killed your parents . '' 
 that should do it . 
 that should wake him up and snap him out of this nonsense . 
 he 's staring , like how an artist would stare at a painting -- scrutinising . 
 appreciating . 
 right before me , i see his blue eyes darken like the ocean under a storm . 
 i do n't know who moved first . 
 the hunger in our kiss steals all my thoughts away . 
 my hands find his shoulders and slip under the collar of his shirt . 
 warmth shoots through my body , filling each nerve with something heady . 
 the fierceness of his grip around my waist and the back of my neck seems not enough , i have to get closer . 
 taking the cue , he squashes me to him so close that no air can pass between us . 
 i kiss him with desperation , as though the kiss is the key , the kiss can turn back the time and give me the chance to set things right . 
 i wo n't make the same mistake . 
 the pressure of his lips deepens , as if he feels the same hopelessness that i feel . 
 as if he wants the same things i want . 
 no . 
 i want what he wants . 
 i 'm reading his thoughts and making them mine . 
 without any warning , lennox pulls back . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he asks in a rush of breath . 
 the surprise throws me off balance but i still find the strength to detach my arms from around him , letting them fall awkwardly to my sides . 
 i 'm confused . 
 i stare into his eyes , like he 's staring into mine , frantically searching . 
 i have no idea what went wrong . 
 lennox hand moves from my nape to my face , but there 's nothing affectionate about the gesture . 
 his eyes narrow . 
 feelings of rejection and shame are simmering at the bottom of my soul . 
 perhaps he thinks that this is really wrong . 
 his other hand grabs mine and presses it to his cheek . 
 i try to pull my hand away but his grip tightens and he practically slaps it on his face . 
 what the fuck is wrong with him ? 
 he 's so weird . 
 the corners of his lips lift a little . 
 i questioningly tilt my head to the side . 
 `` i 'm weird ? '' 
 chapter eighteen his voice in my head -- his direct question -- is like an electric shock . 
 i jump to my feet . 
 my blood runs cold . 
 `` fuck . '' 
 i hear lennox say . 
 he remains frozen on the bed , looking really pale . 
 i take another step back , and another , and another , until i 'm sure he ca n't reach me . 
 until i 'm sure i 'm safely out of his touch . 
 oh my god . 
 oh my god . 
 oh my god . 
 the dude is a reader . 
 just like me . 
 i feel like screaming at the sky , except i ca n't see the sky from where i am . 
 god is playing with me . 
 i can picture him sitting on his golden throne , laughing his head off , relishing the fact that i swallowed my own medicine . 
 how could you ?! 
 i know i 'm not religious , i have never been to a sunday school , but i 'm not evil . 
 not really . 
 i ca n't stay here . 
 i march towards the bottom of the ladder and stare helplessly at the sealed door . 
 `` how do you open this damn door ? '' 
 i point wildly at it . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 lennox stands up but does n't take a step . 
 he looks like he 's finally recovering from the shock of his lifetime . 
 i so fucking envy him , it makes me panic more . 
 `` just open the fucking door ! '' 
 lennox walks towards me and i back farther away . 
 he stops briefly , and in that split moment , i see the hurt in his eyes . 
 with his shoulders stiff , he walks past me , towards the small square digital panel on the wall . 
 `` have you known all along ? '' 
 it 's a stupid question because i know the answer . 
 but i want to hear him say it out loud . 
 lennox spins to face me . 
 `` are you for fucking real ? 
 in case you did n't notice , i was as bloody surprised as you ! '' 
 `` how many times did you read my mind ? '' 
 his eyes widen in anger . 
 `` you tell me ! '' 
 god ! 
 how could i miss it ? 
 i rack my brain for any clue , recalling every time we spent together , every moment we touched with my mind wide open for him to see . 
 i 've always had my mind closed when i 'm around him . 
 at least , i think so . 
 well , obviously not all the time . 
 lennox stabs the buttons on the panel with his finger , like poking someone 's eyes blind . 
 i bet he 's wishing the thing was me . 
 as soon as the door slides open , he climbs the ladder like he 's starved for sunlight . 
 this only angers me more . 
 i want to be the one to storm out ! 
 i climb after him , fuming and ready for more screaming battle as soon as i reach the open . 
 i can feel the blood drumming in my ears and i 'm gripping the sides of the ladder too hard , my knuckles are white . 
 `` hey ! 
 we 're not done ... '' the rest of my words die in my throat . 
 my anger is replaced by fear . 
 my feet are n't even firmly on the ground yet but i do n't pause , neither to panic or think . 
 i grab my gun from behind me and point it at my father as i watch him smack the butt of his weapon against lennox 's temple . 
 i swallow my scream , my body angling to catch lennox as he falls unconscious . 
 but my father 's pained look pins me on the spot . 
 his eyes travel from my face to my gun , still directed at him . 
 `` put your gun down , elle . '' 
 hearing his voice so close , makes him even more real to me . 
 he 's right here . 
 he found us . 
 it did n't take him long . 
 and i 'm having mixed feelings , i ca n't breathe . 
 it 's like all the air has been sucked out and my lungs are like deflated balloons . 
 i stand dead still , gazing at a pair of green eyes so similar to mine . 
 dad points his gun at lennox . 
 i feel my heart jump to my throat . 
 instinctively , i raise my gun higher . 
 he tips his head slightly . 
 `` you 're going to shoot me ? '' 
 `` are you going to kill him ? '' 
 in a flash , my father yanks my gun out of my hand , and i 'm weaponless before i even have the chance to blink . 
 his face is flushed with rage . 
 i can tell that he 's so close to losing it . 
 `` you do n't disobey , run away and point your weapon at me , do you understand ? 
 and you do n't choose some prat over your own father , '' he hisses , close to my face . 
 his eyes are blazing . 
 `` why , elle ? 
 who is this guy to you ? '' 
 i asked myself that same question . 
 but my answer is not something i can say out loud . 
 i 'm not sure it 's wise . 
 `` there 's a fine line between instinct and feeling '' dad told me once . 
 `` instinct , you can trust . 
 but anything ruled by the heart alone -- you ca n't . '' 
 i do n't move away . 
 i match his glare . 
 i can almost feel his chest rise and fall as he takes deep , laboured breaths . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i whisper . 
 at first i think he did n't hear me , but he steps back . 
 he closes his eyes briefly , as if to check his temper , before running them all over my face and my body . 
 i want him to gather me in a hug , just like in the movies when the father finds his missing daughter , but apparently he does n't do that . 
 he does n't say a single word either , for a good few seconds , until he 's visually satisfied that all my limbs are intact . 
 `` if you do n't want him to die , you know what to do , '' he tells me without any trace of emotion , it makes me shiver . 
 something inside of me snaps . 
 he 's known this boy for years , watched him in the background -- had let him live -- and now because this boy tried to kill him , and rightly so , he just wants to put him down just like that . 
 like snuffing out a candle because it burned your finger ... wait . 
 did he say if i do n't want him to die ? 
 `` are you going to do it , or would you rather i do it ? '' 
 dad crouches , and right then his words sink in . 
 `` do n't touch him ! '' 
 i yell . 
 he 's going to make lennox forget , erase all memories of me , of us -- or worse , the last ten years of his life and plant something different . 
 i do n't want that . 
 he stands up and faces me . 
 i ca n't read his expression . 
 `` he 's my friend , '' i say , like offering an explanation . 
 `` and you do n't want him to forget you ? '' 
 he squints at me . 
 `` is that because you will not be able to reintroduce yourself ? 
 he will forget you again . 
 and again . 
 and again ... '' i flinch . 
 `` oh , elle ... how could you do this to yourself ? '' 
 i look at him helplessly , at his now kind eyes that hide his disappointment . 
 i shift my gaze from him to lennox -- lying unconscious on the ground , blood seeping from the gash on his head -- then back to my father , dressed all in black , his dark hair whipping around his beautiful face . 
 how could someone this beautiful be so heartless ? 
 the dark sky , the dilapidated manor behind him fit perfectly in the background . 
 looking at him , feeling the power he emits , anyone could easily think it was him who caused this destruction . 
 `` he did n't mean to kill jack . 
 and you know that . '' 
 if dad is surprised , he does n't let it show . 
 `` that 's beside the point . '' 
 `` what is the point ?! 
 that no one should know about us ?! 
 he 's known all along what sort of fucked up family he was adopted into ! '' 
 `` but without jack , who will pull his reins ? 
 and he knows i killed his mother and father . 
 did you ask him how he feels about it ? '' 
 he sneers . 
 his face might be a picture of complete arrogance , but i see a spark of remorse in his eyes . 
 i guess the saying the eyes are the mirror of the soul is true . 
 i 'm not going to get anywhere with him , and i sort of know my argument is not solid enough . 
 `` did you find isaac ? '' 
 i ask , switching tactics . 
 dad does n't answer . 
 but he gives me a glare that specifically says he does n't appreciate me poking my nose into his business again . 
 and that he knows what i 'm up to . 
 `` come on , dad . 
 i 'm not stupid . 
 i know why you 're desperate to kill isaac and i love you for that . 
 lennox can help you find him quicker . '' 
 he snorts . 
 `` and how , may i ask ? '' 
 i 'm only assuming , but it 's worth the shot . 
 my eyes dart at lennox . 
 he still has n't moved . 
 `` they 're brothers . 
 lennox can get to him , close enough to touch ... '' i let my words hang in the air . 
 `` i do n't need to get up close to put him down . '' 
 he sounds impatient . 
 insulted . 
 `` lennox could have information , '' i say hurriedly . 
 this time , my father laughs . 
 `` isaac will never divulge sensitive information to an eighteen-year-old . '' 
 `` not willingly , but unknowingly he could have . '' 
 dad stops laughing . 
 he looks at lennox , then at me . 
 `` what are you on about ? '' 
 i ca n't precisely tell how he will react . 
 `` is isaac aware that there are people like us ? '' 
 he lifts his chin . 
 `` no , '' he sighs impatiently . 
 he takes a step forward and crosses his arms over his chest , watching me closely . 
 just so you know she never spilled a word to me , to anyone . 
 i did n't mess with her mind . 
 i 'm not implying that you did . 
 why are you always so defensive , ian ? 
 jack had known about us , and i doubt he was a fool not to know about lennox . 
 that 's why he took him in ... `` but jack knew ? '' 
 `` cut to the chase , elle . '' 
 i ca n't shake this wrong feeling that 's suddenly come into my head . 
 `` he 's like us . '' 
 i tap my forefinger on my temple twice . 
 it feels strange ... saying it out loud . 
 i still ca n't believe it . 
 i still feel unnecessarily exposed . 
 i still feel like an idiot . 
 my father looks momentarily confused . 
 `` who 's like us ? '' 
 `` lennox . '' 
 his eyes widen as it dawns on him . 
 and he seems to catch his breath , like he just remembered that he forgot to turn the oven off and his roast is burning . 
 `` if he agrees to help you , will you spare him ? '' 
 the wind howls louder and beats at us harder . 
 my hair flies around my shoulders . 
 i do n't seem to feel the cold , though i 'm only dressed in my jeans and tee . 
 perhaps it 's the hope -- it lights and flares inside of me . 
 dad is awfully quiet . 
 he 's glaring at the space between me and lennox . 
 `` he 's not going to give his brother up . '' 
 i ignore his sarcasm . 
 `` i can help with that . '' 
 chapter nineteen i kneel on the hard wooden floor to take a better look at lennox 's cut . 
 he 's sprawled on the sofa , his face angled towards me . 
 i lean closer . 
 without meaning to , i catch a whiff of his aftershave . 
 he shaved this morning , and i only just start to appreciate it now . 
 i want to trace his cheekbone , his thick eyelashes , and see how they feel against my finger , but i suppress it . 
 instead , i press the wet towel around his cut , wiping the dried blood off . 
 he winces and slowly opens his eyes . 
 it does n't take him long to register that he 's some place unfamiliar . 
 he springs up in fear and panic , like an animal who finds itself locked in a cage . 
 but when he sees me , he sits back down , cradling his head in his hands . 
 i sigh . 
 i was worried . 
 he was dead to the world during the entire drive to london , to this high-end apartment building in belgravia where my father took us . 
 it was n't a very long drive since my father drives like a fucking lunatic when he 's into it . 
 exactly like lennox . 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 lennox asks . 
 his voice is hoarse , as though he swallowed a spoonful of sand . 
 `` my father 's safe house . '' 
 his eyes widen in fear . 
 `` relax . 
 he 's not going to hurt you . '' 
 i push myself up and sit on the edge of the black leather couch . 
 there 's nowhere else to sit -- i have to choose between this or the floor . 
 but i do n't sit close to him . 
 `` i mean ... again . '' 
 `` lovely . '' 
 lennox touches his temple . 
 `` is he here ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` how did he find us ? '' 
 i must be feeling a little better because i find myself smiling . 
 `` please . 
 do n't let him hear you insult him with that question . '' 
 something flickers in his eyes . 
 he does n't get my joke . 
 he checks his finger for blood , but his cut has stopped bleeding for a while now . 
 i hand him a plaster . 
 he examines it , turning it around to check the front and the back , for poison perhaps . 
 `` what made him change his mind ? '' 
 the tone of his voice tells me he still has doubts . 
 but he trusts me , i know that for sure . 
 my presence reassures him . 
 `` yours truly , '' i say . 
 `` but can i trust you not to do something stupid ? '' 
 lennox sighs . 
 i 'll take that as a yes . 
 `` your head still hurts ? '' 
 he nods , staring at the massive period fireplace across the room . 
 the flames dance and crackle . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` do n't be . 
 i should be thanking you ` cause i 'm still breathing . '' 
 he takes the towel from my hand and presses it on his cut . 
 our eyes meet . 
 `` so you 're not mad at me anymore ? '' 
 i take a deep breath . 
 `` i was shocked , lennox . '' 
 `` yeah , tell me about it . '' 
 `` i still ca n't believe it . '' 
 lennox presses his lips together . 
 he has that intense look on his face again . 
 `` is it that bad ? '' 
 i have thought of it , while he was asleep . 
 with a clearer head , i start to accept it , and feel less weird about it . 
 `` you obviously have n't spent your entire life with someone you ca n't keep a secret from . '' 
 i tilt my head towards the door behind us , through which my father disappeared sometime ago . 
 `` but yeah , it 's not that bad , once you get used to it . '' 
 he looks pale . 
 of course this should be scary for him . 
 he 's used to getting the secrets , and not the other way around . 
 i laugh . 
 `` he can read minds too . '' 
 `` blimey . '' 
 the door behind us slams . 
 lennox jumps to his feet . 
 i do n't need to look to see that my father standing there , watching us and making his presence known . 
 lennox 's face tells me . 
 i reach for his hand . 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 he snatches his hand away . 
 he 's looking more petrified than ever . 
 not the reaction i 'm looking for . 
 i guess i 'm wrong about the trust thing . 
 i look at my father for some sort of help , reassurance , or whatever . 
 dad leans lazily against the door , crossing his arms over his chest . 
 `` if you 're waiting for me to break into a big speech and ask for his forgiveness , you can forget it . '' 
 i groan . 
 lennox presses his lips together . 
 he does n't say a word , but he does n't turn away either . 
 `` elle said you can help me find isaac . '' 
 lennox eyes slice at me . 
 `` dad , could you leave us for a minute ? '' 
 i ask through gritted teeth , shooting him dagger looks . 
 `` i 'm running out of time here . 
 is it a yes or a no ? '' 
 i vault up , grab lennox 's arm and drag him across the hall into another room . 
 his angry words are poking my head . 
 he breaks away from my grasp , and before i have the door shut , he 's already on the other side of the room , with the gigantic bed between us . 
 i quickly scan everything , checking for escape routes and anything that can be used as a weapon . 
 not that i 'm worried he will hurt me . 
 but the room is bare , apart from the bed . 
 the blinds on the windows are closed so i ca n't see outside . 
 he would n't dare hurl himself out . 
 `` so that 's why he 's keeping me alive ? 
 and then what happens after he kills isaac ? 
 you know what , do n't answer that . '' 
 he waves his hand to dismiss me . 
 `` he 's not going to kill you , end of . 
 that 's the exchange . 
 he will let you go . '' 
 `` let me go ? 
 what does it even mean ? 
 oh , i know ! 
 i 'll be going back to my house with no knowledge of what occurred in the last month ! '' 
 it stuns me -- how close he is to guessing the almost-truth ; makes me wonder if he 's whispered someone before . 
 lennox is n't finished . 
 `` fuck exchange ! 
 there should n't be any exchange at all . 
 i do n't owe him anything ! '' 
 lennox turns his back . 
 he 's shaking , he 's furious , and i can tell that he 's taking deep breaths to calm himself . 
 i feel ashamed because i used him to get back into my father 's good grace . 
 but i stuff all my guilt down where i ca n't feel it . 
 it 's not just for me . 
 i did it to protect him . 
 `` isaac wanted you to pull that trigger . '' 
 lennox lets out a short , incredulous laugh , whirling to face me . 
 `` you read me ? '' 
 i ignore his question . 
 `` he used you . 
 he wanted you to kill my father though he knew you had a very slim chance of pulling it off , just to get even . 
 just to hurt jack . 
 he 's a murderer ! 
 he killed children ... '' `` i know , okay ?! '' 
 he cuts me off . 
 `` jack had a plan , i do n't know what , but he wanted to stop isaac . 
 that 's why my father is here . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` then why are you protecting him ? '' 
 `` i 'm not protecting him ! '' 
 he runs his hands over his head . 
 `` it was me , all right ? 
 i was jack 's plan . 
 he wanted me to compel isaac to commit suicide . 
 but it all went horribly wrong . '' 
 jesus christ . 
 `` i did n't want to do it , that 's why i hesitated . 
 but somehow he knew that we 're on to him , so he got to me , twisted me against jack . 
 he 's so brilliant , i fell right through it . '' 
 his voice breaks . 
 my throat locks in . 
 i ca n't seem to get a word out . 
 how could jack put him through something this horrible ? 
 my dad could have done it , he offered anyway . 
 i walk towards him , edging my way around the bed . 
 he does n't move away , but i do n't go any closer than two feet . 
 if he wants me close , i 'll wait for him to ask . 
 i wo n't touch him again if he 's not ready . 
 i sit quietly on the bed . 
 lennox shoves his hands in his pockets . 
 `` i have no one to trust , '' he says in a very low voice , and i barely hear him . 
 he could have punched me on the chest and it would n't hurt any less . 
 i look down on my hands and i realise that my fingers are all twisted together , but i do n't feel anything . 
 not the pain from my fingers anyway . 
 `` i only have you . '' 
 my breath catches . 
 `` i only have you , elle , '' he repeats . 
 i gaze up at him and see him pleading with his eyes . 
 he should n't plead . 
 `` and i 'm here , lennox . 
 i 'm here . '' 
 lennox pulls his hands from his pockets , reaches for me , but stops . 
 he sits next to me instead , the edge of the bed slightly sinking under his weight . 
 we 're so close that our shoulders , hips and knees are touching . 
 this will do for now , i think . 
 this simple closeness and the tune of our matching breaths are enough . 
 and the knowledge that we 'll always have each other 's back , despite everything , despite the rotten history that the people we look up to have laid down for us . 
 chapter twenty `` i sincerely hope you did n't make out on my bed , '' says my father . 
 i do n't know why -- because we did n't -- but my face is warming up . 
 i dare not look at lennox . 
 dad gets up from his perch on the barstool . 
 that 's when i see the sandwiches and cans of soda on the black kitchen worktop . 
 a sense of immense gratitude and love well up inside me . 
 despite his cold exterior , he 's still a father -- my father . 
 and despite the betrayal , the impulse to feed his young is still in him . 
 i watch him take a bottle of vodka from one of the high-gloss white cabinets that line the kitchen wall , and pour himself a glass . 
 he gulps that down , grimaces a little , and then pours himself another glassful . 
 and another . 
 not really model-behaviour . 
 but then again model-behaviour is not our thing , never a part of our vocabulary . 
 what made him resort to drinking is what bothers me . 
 either he 's losing the grip of the situation or he 's really in pain and heartbroken about something . 
 after his third glass he asks , `` so , what now ? '' 
 great . 
 not yet dinner time then . 
 i turn to lennox , like those presenters on the television cueing their partners that it 's their turn to say their line , minus the dazzling smile . 
 lennox looks at me , holds my gaze for a minute before turning his head slowly to my father . 
 `` isaac is meeting a guy called stanevich in saint petersburg . 
 when ? 
 i do n't know . 
 robin is going to meet him there . '' 
 my back stiffens a little . 
 `` that does n't help me , '' says my father . 
 his face does n't give away anything . 
 `` i want to know where he 's hiding now . '' 
 `` he has various hiding places . 
 you 're supposed to know that . 
 you 're the tracker , '' lennox shoots back . 
 it occurs to me that lennox knows a lot about my father 's `` group of friends . '' 
 though he says he did n't want anything to do with that life , he seems to be a part of it nonetheless . 
 `` are you some kind of a secretary ? '' 
 the question bursts out of me before i can stop it . 
 and in my own ears , the question did n't sound innocent and curious , it sounded harsh with a little `` eww '' factor . 
 i 'm horrified . 
 lennox gives me a sideways glance . 
 i hope he 's not offended . 
 `` he was jack 's little bitch , '' interjects dad , to add to the insult . 
 his malicious tone tells me he 's enjoying this . 
 lennox 's jaw clenches . 
 `` i 'd rather be in the background , like his other set of eyes , than do his filthy , foul work , like ... i do n't know ... killing my parents ? '' 
 dad suppresses an amused smile but i can still see it in his green eyes . 
 how he finds that remark funny is beyond me . 
 `` you 're still an insignificant lackey . 
 how do you do it ? 
 hug isaac ? 
 hold his hand ? 
 i 'm gagging to know . '' 
 lennox 's face is red with anger . 
 he turns and leaves the kitchen . 
 i glare at my father , but i only get a shrug in response . 
 i 'm about to open my mouth and give him a piece of my mind when lennox strides back in with dad 's laptop , practically slamming it on the granite worktop , next to the plate of sandwiches . 
 the plate jumps . 
 `` is it true ? 
 what jack said about my parents ? '' 
 i stare at lennox , open-mouthed . 
 dad does n't answer . 
 the amusement in his eyes has been replaced with mild interest . 
 lennox hands ball into fists . 
 `` you do n't have the right . '' 
 `` well , pardon me if i did n't fancy waiting for them to kill me and leave my daughter fatherless . '' 
 the tension in the air is stifling . 
 i should act as a ref , and soon , but i 'm frozen . 
 `` why did you spare me ? 
 did jack ask you to ? '' 
 it did n't seem like a bad idea then . 
 it feels like my heart has stopped beating as i wait for dad 's response . 
 for a second , i thought he 's going to recycle the same answer he gave robin . 
 but he does n't . 
 he just looks straight back into lennox 's eyes as if he 's reading his mind from a distance . 
 then my father says , `` emma was one of us . 
 killing her was hard for me . 
 but i had to . '' 
 i think that 's the best apology lennox is ever going to get from him . 
 from the corner of my eyes , i see that lennox is looking at me . 
 i meet his gaze . 
 he 's trying to stop it , but some vulnerability is escaping from that pair of blue eyes . 
 in them i glimpse a hint of loss , a hint of resentment , a hint of hope . 
 my heart breaks for him . 
 lennox takes a deep breath , as though he 's been underwater and been holding it for quite a while . 
 he lifts the laptop lid . 
 what is he doing ? 
 i take a couple of steps closer to see . 
 dad just crosses his arms over his chest . 
 lennox turns the laptop on , his fingers flying over the keyboard , bypassing security passwords . 
 what the hell ? 
 i think dad just realises that his system is being hacked right in front him , because he snatches the thing , turning it to him . 
 his eyes narrow into slits . 
 `` you 're looking at beck stanford 's profile , '' lennox says , his voice impressively calm . 
 who the fuck is beck stanford ? 
 my father raises his perfect eyebrow , as though he has the same question in mind . 
 he probably does . 
 `` i picked up the name from ... '' lennox pauses , shrugs . 
 `` ... you know . 
 i looked up his profile and found that he was a pilot . '' 
 my father 's expression changes from annoyance to recognition with a hint of disbelief . 
 `` and he 's flying a private jet tomorrow night to saint petersburg , '' adds lennox . 
 now it 's dad 's turn to play with the laptop . 
 i notice the way his fingers tap the keys , fluid and fast , just like lennox . 
 all of a sudden , i 'm cognisant that they are so similar , in so many ways . 
 it 's disturbing . 
 is this why i 'm attracted to lennox ? 
 though i did n't know this side of him until now , perhaps i somehow sensed it in him . 
 my thoughts then drift to a conversation i had with cassie a long time ago , when she told me that people often choose to marry the person that reminds them of their mother or father . 
 that 's why she bought a bottle of the perfume her boyfriend 's mother wore . 
 that was so sick . 
 no . 
 i 'm not going to prove her theory right . 
 not that i 'm thinking of marrying lennox . 
 i 'm getting way ahead of myself here , for christ 's sake . 
 anyway , i prefer the idiom birds of a feather flock together . 
 that makes more sense . 
 i think . 
 `` and quite a hefty amount of money was paid into his bank account today . '' 
 dad stares at the screen , his fingers dancing over the keys again . 
 `` making him no longer bankrupt , '' lennox says . 
 `` typical of isaac to exploit the desperate . '' 
 i do n't understand why they have to go through these channels . 
 it 's like climbing over a six feet fence to get in when you have the key to the gate anyway . 
 `` do n't you know his hidey-holes ? '' 
 i ask lennox . 
 `` there 're so many we do n't have enough time to check them one by one , '' he answers quietly , as though he does n't want to disturb my father 's concentration . 
 he has this look about him that i ca n't put my finger on . 
 his hands are tucked inside the back pockets of his jeans . 
 he 's slouching a little . 
 i 'm not used to seeing him not standing at his full height . 
 i stand next to dad and watch . 
 i reach for a sandwich . 
 i have very little knowledge of hacking into a system . 
 we have n't touched that part of criminal 101 as yet . 
 it looks so complicated . 
 more complicated than dissecting a brain , i think . 
 dad strips all the information , narrowing it down to where the money was transferred from , then to how the instruction was made , then to where the instruction came from . 
 the result is an ip address . 
 i scoff . 
 internet banking ? 
 really ? 
 what happened to the old ways ? 
 meeting in a dark alley with a briefcase full of cash ? 
 `` shit , '' hisses dad . 
 my sandwich is halfway to my mouth . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` it 's a public wi-fi , from some cheap hotel in whitechapel . '' 
 he looks at his watch . 
 lennox shakes his head . 
 `` it 's too easy . 
 that ca n't be right . '' 
 dad glances at lennox . 
 they exchange a look . 
 oh my god . 
 did n't take them long to find a common language . 
 dad turns back to his computer . 
 his fingers are getting heavier and heavier on the keys , as if the harder he presses , the quicker he will get the result he 's after . 
 that or he 's just frustrated . 
 half of the screen turns black with green numbers and letters . 
 codes . 
 `` clever , '' whispers dad , but with no hint of respect . 
 lennox asks , `` a front ? '' 
 he squeezes himself between me and my father . 
 dad raises his eyebrows and tips his head a little to the side . 
 `` the actual data will be encrypted , i 'm sure , '' lennox adds . 
 `` and you 're right . '' 
 i look back and forth between lennox and my father . 
 i know it 's irrational , and i should be pleased and relieved , but i feel left out instead . 
 robin was probably right -- i am selfish . 
 good thing she 's no longer around to feel smug about it . 
 i open a can of soda . 
 it pops and sends out a hiss . 
 lennox jumps a little and immediately takes a couple of steps back , as if he just found himself one step away from falling into a ravine . 
 he 's trying very hard not to meet my eyes , then turns and heads out of the kitchen . 
 i stare after him , mentally debating whether i should follow him or not , to see if he 's okay . 
 he seems ... conflicted . 
 `` it would have been easier if i just whispered what he knows out of him , you know ? '' 
 dad says without looking up from what he 's doing . 
 `` and give him more reason to hate you ? '' 
 `` i do n't give a shite if he hates me . '' 
 `` come on . 
 now that he 's technically fatherless again , that role falls on you . '' 
 dad gives a ha-ha kind of laugh . 
 `` you 'd like that , would n't you ? '' 
 `` he 's a reader . 
 he needs guidance . 
 protection . 
 we ca n't afford to have our secret turned public knowledge . 
 like i said -- the responsibility falls on you . '' 
 `` you 're unbelievable . '' 
 dad laughs again . 
 i take a couple of steps closer to my father and whisper , `` jack knew about lennox 's ability , that 's why he took lennox in . 
 what i do n't get is why he kept it from you . '' 
 dad shrugs , like he does n't care . 
 `` how did he know about your ability ? '' 
 he looks at his watch again as though he wants to know exactly how much longer he has to endure this conversation . 
 `` he shook my hand and spoke directly into my head . 
 he told me he knew what i can do . '' 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 `` seriously . 
 nearly fried his brain . '' 
 `` did you ask him how he knew ? '' 
 `` he said he noticed the signs . '' 
 `` what signs ? '' 
 `` i get everything i want with very little effort . '' 
 my forehead creases . 
 `` then he knew a reader before you . '' 
 he lifts his head and stares across the room . 
 `` gilles , '' he breathes the name out . 
 his jaw clenches and unclenches . 
 `` bastard , '' he adds , like an afterthought , before putting all his attention back into his work . 
 since there 's no offer of explanation , i 'm going to assume that 's lennox 's father . 
 i do n't know why i feel a little on edge knowing there are others like us out there . 
 i could be sitting next to a reader in a cinema and have no idea . 
 i wish there 's a way of sensing each other , like a certain aura , an uncontrollable shiver or a certain smell . 
 or maybe not . 
 who knows ? 
 some people are ridiculously paranoid . 
 some people are just plain greedy and wo n't settle until they 're the only one . 
 some people are bat-shit crazy and start a group or whatever . 
 and once a group is formed , things will be more difficult to control . 
 readers will be like flashing neon lights in the dark . 
 normal people will notice . 
 and when they do , there will be fear . 
 next thing you know , there 's a revolution . 
 all readers will be seized , transported and confined on an island to be experimented on or assassinated . 
 i change my mind . 
 i like my life just the way it is . 
 chapter twenty one i stare out the balcony window . 
 there 's not much to see apart from the row of grand white stuccoed buildings . 
 i look farther to the east and i see a cross on top of a dome , part of the clock tower of st peter 's church . 
 the sun has set a few hours ago , and i notice the lack of stars in the sky . 
 now that i think of it , the sky here is always overcast . 
 i whirl as i catch a glimpse of my father 's refection in the window . 
 he 's all geared up , garbed in black . 
 our eyes meet . 
 there 's no need to explain where he 's going . 
 i know . 
 but i feel it again , that familiar flutter of unease inside me every time he leaves to `` do his job . '' 
 i do n't think i 'll ever get rid of it . 
 dad fastens his knife jacket before putting his black pea coat on . 
 he 's like a walking armoury . 
 he has two guns on either side of his chest secured in his black shoulder holsters , an array of magazines on his belt and of course the knives . 
 i do n't need to check to know he has two more guns strapped to both his legs . 
 with his dark coat on , dark jeans and boots , and his weapons hidden away , he looks imposing but harmless . 
 unsuspecting people would never think of him otherwise . 
 he cocks his head . 
 `` too much ? '' 
 he asks . 
 a mischievous grin lights up his face . 
 i try to return the smile because i know it 's just his way of telling me not to worry , but with the large swimming monster in my belly , it 's kind of hard to have any other facial expression but the look of utter bleakness . 
 `` can i come with you ? '' 
 dad snorts , like he ca n't believe where i come up with such preposterous ideas . 
 `` i do n't think so . '' 
 `` he tried to kill me as well . '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` besides , you said we 're doing this together . '' 
 `` i said nothing of the sort . '' 
 he raises a finger . 
 my mouth snaps shut . 
 `` stay here . '' 
 there is certain finality in his command , like if i fail to adhere to it again , there would be hell to pay . 
 he strides towards me and rumples my hair as he used to when i was a little girl . 
 i do n't like the way he studies me , like somehow i 've changed and he does n't recognise me completely . 
 i supposed i did change . 
 my horns are longer and sharper , and i bite back . 
 but that 's the whole point of growing up . 
 right ? 
 dad touches the ends of my hair , as though he 's checking if the colour has changed . 
 he playfully tugs a handful of it as he lets out a long sigh . 
 `` elle , be careful . '' 
 he 's gone before i can say something back . 
 ***** for the first time in my life , i wish i 'm at school in new york . 
 at least there , i can occupy myself , distract myself . 
 unlike here in my father 's flat , there 's nothing to do but twiddle my thumbs and wait for him to return . 
 hopefully in one piece . 
 i pace -- because i have to do something , and wearing down the hardwood floor until i 'm convinced i have worn the floor uneven , is the best idea i can come up at the moment . 
 `` why did n't you tell me that isaac went after you ? '' 
 lennox is standing in the hallway , just outside the living room door . 
 he looks tired , like he 's ready to fall asleep on his feet . 
 how long has he been standing there ? 
 how much has he heard and seen ? 
 `` i got away . '' 
 i shrug it off , like it 's no big deal , like i get threatened all the time . 
 i do n't want this to be about me . 
 between the two of us , his problem is bigger than mine . 
 and i do n't want him to feel sorry because my own uncle , my own flesh and blood , wants me taken care of . 
 he tells me to sit , so i sit on the couch . 
 he sits quietly next to me . 
 i turn the television on and flick through the channels , though barely anything registers . 
 they 're just streams of images and sounds . 
 i carry on pressing the down button until there 's nothing on but a blue screen . 
 `` he 'll be all right . 
 jack said your father is the best . '' 
 i remember the night i came home from the boarding school and our housekeeper had to pick me up because my father got delayed or something . 
 and when he came home later that night , i found him in his office , pouring a bottle of vodka on his wound . 
 he might be the best , but he 's not indestructible . 
 i do n't want to talk or think about him . 
 `` how did jack know that you 're a reader ? '' 
 `` reader ? '' 
 `` oh . 
 we call ourselves -- i mean me and my dad -- readers . '' 
 `` what 's wrong with telepath ? '' 
 he sounds more amused than curious . 
 `` that word is clichéd . 
 reader has more mystery in it . '' 
 i think he 's trying not to smile . 
 `` so , let 's go back to my question . '' 
 lennox 's eyebrows knot together . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 he just knew . 
 i supposed because he suspected either my father or my mother had the gift and assumed it 's hereditary . '' 
 `` so you do n't know who ? '' 
 `` i have a fair idea . '' 
 right . 
 `` it is hereditary . 
 the firstborn in the family inherits the ability and that 's it . 
 did n't jack explain to you how we got this ? 
 how this works ? '' 
 his eyes narrow . 
 he presses his lips together before he says , `` not really . 
 he did n't try to carry out an experiment on me , thank god . '' 
 `` and you never thought of finding out ? '' 
 `` elle , we 're born with this ability , just like some people are born with disabilities . 
 do you think some mad people made us what we are ? '' 
 now i feel silly . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i just ca n't shake off the idea that perhaps someone from a long , long time ago created a virus that infected some chosen individuals . '' 
 `` yeah , like god ? '' 
 lennox widens his eyes , as though he 's just proven his point . 
 he has such beautiful eyes , like blue diamonds under the fake light . 
 the dark circles around them have done very little damage , i would n't have noticed them if i was n't really looking . 
 i realise i 'm staring . 
 hell , i do n't care . 
 `` did you ever wish you do n't have it ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` are you mad ? '' 
 he exclaims , smiling , as if he ca n't quite believe i asked such a silly question . 
 then his expression turns serious . 
 `` well , at first i did , when i did n't know how to use it . 
 it was hard , finding out what people really think . 
 i was often in a fight because of it . 
 it took me ages to learn how to stop their thoughts from filling my head . '' 
 `` you figured it out by yourself ? '' 
 he nods . 
 `` but when i finally did learn , i started to appreciate the ability -- the compulsion , the mind reading . 
 i mean , we 've been given the insight , the capacity to grasp the true and hidden nature of the people that surround us . 
 and the ability to influence them . 
 what 's not to like ? 
 it 's wonderful . '' 
 his enthusiasm is catching . 
 sad to say it did n't work that well for him , for example , jack . 
 but i 'm not going to point that out . 
 `` that 's a very insightful speech . 
 wait ... '' i poke him in his arm , remembering something . 
 `` is this how you found out about zoe cheating on you ? '' 
 he blushes . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` lol . '' 
 lennox laughs . 
 my breath hitches . 
 hearing him laugh again gives me a warm feeling inside . 
 `` have you ever used your powers to do something illegal ? '' 
 he asks , shifting position so his right shoulder is leaning on the backrest of the couch . 
 he 's fully facing me , curious and a little eager , like a dog waiting for a bone . 
 the question does n't surprise me because i 've wondered about the same thing with my dad . 
 i know he 's getting paid a lot of money , so he can totally afford to buy houses on a whim , but i 'm totally convinced that some of his possessions are coercively stolen . 
 i already know how he purchases his arms and how he stashes them all over the world without raising the alarm bells , so what 's stopping him from just running away with the goods ? 
 me ? 
 i did petty things , like preventing a guy from telling anyone that we slept together . 
 but i 'm not telling lennox that . 
 `` i got me and my best friend into this club without anyone asking for our ids . 
 what about you ? '' 
 `` i got arrested for dui but never set a foot in the station . '' 
 that 's bad ass . 
 `` i read one of my teachers and found out he 's child molester . '' 
 lennox 's lips form a silent what ? 
 `` did you compel him to change ? '' 
 why did n't i think of that ? 
 `` no . 
 i lied and told dad he tried to grope me , '' i whisper . 
 dad killed him is left unsaid . 
 it 's understood . 
 lennox must have seen something in my face -- i 'm not sure what , but he seems to have decided against asking a follow-up question . 
 i already have a ready answer , like , he deserved it , he 's a paedophile ! 
 my shoulders are tense , defensive . 
 i 'm ready to justify my act . 
 `` my car ? 
 i got it brand new from the dealer . 
 without paying a penny , '' he adds with a grin . 
 `` the house where i lived ? 
 that was my mother 's house . 
 i told the person who bought it to give it back to me . 
 he signed the papers . 
 house is mine . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i ca n't afford to buy a shitty car on my wages , let alone a house . 
 and jack , i hate to say this , was kind of stingy . 
 apparently , i have to work hard for a house and a car , and i knew exactly what work he had in mind . 
 no , thank you . '' 
 `` oh my god ! 
 you probably had someone fired and made someone homeless . '' 
 i give him a good kick on his foot . 
 with a small , but definitely proud smile still lingering on his lips , he scoots towards the end of the couch , far from my reach . 
 i 'm waiting for that feeling of disappointment , but it does n't come . 
 maybe because i 'm not . 
 he has spunk . 
 he 's bold . 
 and i know it should n't , but knowing i 'm not the only one who took advantage of our ability and did bad things to other people -- whether they deserved it or not , lessens my guilt . 
 then i notice the pleased look on his face , the kind of look the fairy godmother wore after granting cinderella 's wish . 
 and it hits me . 
 i 've been manipulated to feel less ashamed . 
 i 'm not sure how i feel about this . 
 flattered because he cares about me so much , he wants to make me feel better . 
 angry because he thinks i 'm emotionally incapable of handling my own guilt . 
 embarrassed because around him , i have become as transparent as glass , he can see right through me . 
 without touching . 
 `` is there anything else to eat ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` i 'll go check . '' 
 as i head towards the kitchen , i hear him switch the channel and the voice of a male newscaster comes on . 
 i do n't watch news very much , unless i want to find out what my father had been up to . 
 most of the time , i find out about my father 's work through it -- unexplained cause of death of a mafia leader , a car accident that killed a controversial politician , a massive explosion that torched an entire hacienda and killed the owner who happened to be a high profile drug lord . 
 but my father is not always that subtle , he does blatant killing as well . 
 cold-blooded assassination . 
 he once shot a man playing roulette in a casino , and snapped a man 's neck in a restaurant bathroom . 
 he has no such thing as signature kill . 
 perhaps the style depends on his mood . 
 i search the fridge for food , and find some eggs and a pint of milk . 
 i could make something from these . 
 good . 
 they 're not out of date yet . 
 i check the clock on the wall . 
 almost an hour has passed since my father left . 
 will he take lennox in ? 
 the question pops into my head , but in my heart it 's more like a plea . 
 i want him to . 
 for a thousand reasons , i want him to . 
 hope settles in my chest like a rock , heavy and cold . 
 what if he says no ? 
 what if lennox says no ? 
 i have an egg in one hand and a small bowl in the other when i hear the bell chime . 
 i put them down on the counter . 
 it ca n't be my father . 
 `` did you order a pizza ? '' 
 lennox yells from the door . 
 shit . 
 i practically slide out of the kitchen to the hallway and shake my head at lennox . 
 but i think he misunderstands because he shouts again at the door , `` sorry mate . 
 wrong flat . '' 
 that 's when i hear a soft click . 
 it 's really faint , but i hear it anyway . 
 i run and grab lennox by the arm , pulling him away from the door . 
 the door explodes behind us . 
 chapter twenty two we barely hit the floor when the door is smashed into smithereens . 
 chunks of wood rain on us . 
 my chest feels like it 's going to explode from an unreleased scream as a big piece crashes on my back . 
 smoke and tears burn my eyes . 
 lennox grabs me under my arms and lifts me up , hauling me into the kitchen . 
 his left ear is bleeding and there 's dust all over his head . 
 but he seems okay . 
 and furious . 
 `` you all right ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i nod . 
 i dash towards the cupboard where i saw my father hide a gun . 
 with my thumb on the firing hand , i press the magazine release , and the magazine drops onto my waiting left hand . 
 it 's only half full . 
 i shove it back in , and take a couple of deep breaths to calm down because my hands are starting to shake . 
 i ca n't afford to be shaky right now . 
 `` we have to get to dad 's office , '' i say , a little breathless . 
 the floor creaks . 
 we drop to a crouch , hiding behind the kitchen island . 
 the floor creaks again , and i know now that it 's coming from the living room . 
 lennox peers over his shoulder , then turns to face me . 
 he has this crazy look in his eyes . 
 `` wait here , '' he whispers before sprinting to the living room across the hall , like he has lost his mind . 
 fuck . 
 i jump to my feet and run after him , gun drawn in front of me , close to my chest . 
 i see an armed man with a black mask over his face , and i aim to shoot . 
 but lennox is already at him , kicking his assault rifle like kicking a door open . 
 it skids across the room . 
 lennox rams his elbow on the man 's face , but he 's quick to recover and punches lennox on his side . 
 lennox seems to curve from the impact and his face has gone really flush , eyes wide , mouth open . 
 i take aim and move swiftly to circle the man , but he has his arm encircled around lennox ' neck . 
 shit ! 
 i ca n't get a clear shot . 
 lennox grabs the arm around his neck and something happens . 
 i see the arm relax and the man is flipped over lennox 's shoulder . 
 within seconds , lennox has the guy on a headlock , snapping his neck . 
 his lifeless body sags onto the floor . 
 lennox stands and takes a step back , his chest heaving . 
 the crazy look in his eyes vanishes as realisation hits him . 
 there is no time for psychotherapy . 
 `` come on , move , '' i say , tipping my head towards the other direction . 
 he wakes up from whatever trance he 's in . 
 we step back into the hallway , my gun pointing at the space where the door used to be . 
 there 's no one there , but i still do n't turn my back . 
 i walk backwards , listening and following lennox 's footsteps . 
 `` it 's locked , '' he whispers . 
 `` kick it open . '' 
 the door breaks and swings inward . 
 i walk to dad 's massive oak desk in the middle of the room and reach under it . 
 as i expected , there 's a gun attached underneath the drawer . 
 sometimes , my father believes that obvious hideouts have their advantages , such as accessibility . 
 i pull the gun and tuck it inside my right boot . 
 then i check under the chair , and find another one . 
 i give it to lennox . 
 `` safety 's off , '' i say . 
 `` i do n't know how to use this . '' 
 i give him a look . 
 `` sure you do n't . '' 
 i open the mahogany cabinet on the far right side corner of the room and find a hard-shell silver suitcase . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 lennox hisses . 
 `` shhh ! '' 
 i hear a sound , a crunch , like someone stepping on a broken piece of glass . 
 i gesture to lennox to get next to me . 
 we flatten our backs against the wall and inch our way closer to the door . 
 i can feel his chest moving against my shoulder as he breathes . 
 in fairness , i 'm also shitting myself here , but i have to focus . 
 these people are here to kill us . 
 another man -- dressed exactly the same as the dead one in the living room , appears through the door . 
 one of dad 's lessons is to not hesitate . 
 when the guy finally realises i 'm just inches away from him , it 's already too late . 
 i have my gun on his temple . 
 i pull the trigger . 
 the ear-splitting pop as the bullet shoots out of the gun and drills its way into the man 's head echoes around the room . 
 the impact pushes the man a few inches away from me before he lifelessly slumps to the floor . 
 but it 's not enough . 
 his warm blood sprays like water from a burst balloon and hits me on the face . 
 finish your enemy . 
 do not exercise restraint . 
 he will not give you the same courtesy , the next time he catches up with you . 
 my father 's voice rings inside my head . 
 one of his many lessons i never thought i will actually apply in real life . 
 everything quiets down like someone has pressed the mute button . 
 the body in front of me , the blood on the floor -- they either look too bright or the background and everything else has gone pale . 
 for some reason , i fixate on the vibrant red colour . 
 i have never killed anyone before . 
 the feeling of immense power spreads through my veins like fire . 
 i do n't know if i like it . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 lennox 's face appears before me . 
 he gently pushes my hand down , the hand that grips the gun , and then i feel his hands on my shoulders , turning my whole stiff body to face him . 
 i force myself to look at his face . 
 i force myself to come back . 
 `` you 're okay . 
 you 're fine , '' he says in a soothing way , like he 's trying to reassure a child . 
 i 'm about to snap at him when he suddenly pulls his shirt over his head and wipes the blood off my face with it . 
 i release the breath i 'm holding when i find he 's wearing another shirt underneath it . 
 `` thank you , '' i say . 
 i 'm glad my voice sounds steady . 
 i kneel next to the dead body and rip his ski mask off his bloody face . 
 i 've never seen this man before , but i do n't really care about his identity . 
 i 'm more interested in his ears . 
 shit . 
 he 's wearing an earpiece . 
 `` we have to go . '' 
 lennox nods and drops his dirty shirt on the floor . 
 we weave our way towards the front . 
 both our guns are ready . 
 i stop at the entryway , checking the hallway . 
 it 's clear . 
 it 's too bright and too quiet . 
 there 's been an explosion in here a few minutes ago and it 's damn strange that no one 's screaming and running out of their flats . 
 i have no time to think about my neighbours . 
 i glance at lennox . 
 `` hold the gun like this . '' 
 i bring my gun up to show him . 
 `` level it along your line of sight when you shoot . 
 keep the gun close to you , but not too close to your face . 
 and do n't stretch your arms , it does n't look cool . '' 
 he gives me a look . 
 i ignore it and step out , quietly making my way towards the exit . 
 `` psst ! 
 the lift , '' lennox hisses , tilting his head towards the elevator in front of him . 
 i shake my head and nod towards the stairs . 
 at the same moment , the number above the elevator starts to climb up . 
 we run . 
 my chest constricts . 
 our feet are thundering against the glimmering floor tiles as we sprint , heading for the door at the far end of the hallway , the door that leads to the stairwells ... the door suddenly bursts open . 
 my heart jumps into my throat . 
 lennox grabs my upper arm as we slide to a stop , pulling me to him . 
 i slip , but my hand stops my fall . 
 a bullet whizzes past my head . 
 lennox ducks . 
 muffled shots are fired and we break again into a run in the opposite direction , back to the apartment . 
 ahead , the elevator pings open . 
 this is it . 
 there 's nowhere else to go . 
 we 're not going to make it back to the flat . 
 i whirl and fire at the bastard shooting behind us . 
 i pull the trigger , again and again and again ... then i 'm yanked to the side . 
 i think i hear someone scream , then realise it 's me . 
 next thing i know i 'm inside the elevator , tripping against some dead bodies . 
 my father is standing in front of me , and i 'm suddenly filled with so much relief , i could cry . 
 with a semi-automatic in his hands , he steps out of the elevator like he does n't give a fuck and fires once . 
 silence follows . 
 he steps back in the elevator . 
 lennox is glued into a corner . 
 there are three dead bodies on the floor . 
 my father 's face is grim as he reloads his gun . 
 then he quietly hands me a mag . 
 `` are you hurt ? '' 
 my father asks . 
 i shake my head . 
 i look at lennox . 
 he shakes his head as well . 
 dad presses the down button . 
 `` there will be more of them coming . 
 stay close to me . '' 
 i 'm still trying to catch my breath . 
 `` i 'm glad you came back . 
 did you ... '' `` questions later , '' he interrupts . 
 he looks at lennox , at the gun he 's holding , then to me . 
 `` it 's all right , dad . 
 he 's fine . '' 
 my father just stares at me quietly . 
 is he , really ? 
 am i sure lennox is not going to grab this opportunity and shoot my father ? 
 the elevator door parts open . 
 dad pops his head out and scans the lobby . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 the lights are quite dim down here , and i have to double check the shadows on the wall opposite us , making sure they 're ours . 
 lennox and i sprint after him . 
 we stay close to the wall . 
 dad raises his hand , his fist closed , and we halt as he checks the outside , peering through the glass slats on the door . 
 his hand then reaches for the handle and slowly turns it . 
 then he stops . 
 i hear a metallic object hit the concrete . 
 it bounces off and hits the door . 
 i do n't have to look at it to know what it is . 
 grenade . 
 dad 's face loses a bit of its colour . 
 this is the first time i 've seen him show a sign of fear . 
 and i know exactly why -- because i 'm here . 
 and we 're trapped . 
 he pushes me and shouts , `` get down ! '' 
 the entire building shakes . 
 this time , i 'm sure the police will be here any minute . 
 and that 's a bad thing , because whoever is out there to kill us has to finish his job before the police arrive . 
 a pair of hands -- lennox 's -- helps me up . 
 he tries to pull me away from the wreckage but i whip my gun out and start firing , ducking and diving towards my father . 
 he 's sprawled on the floor . 
 i pull his arm , practically dragging him away from the swaying massive chandelier right above him , only hanging by a thin wire . 
 from the corner of my eyes , i see lennox smash a door open . 
 then people are screaming and running out of their flats like headless chickens . 
 for a brief moment i realise we do have neighbours . 
 i do n't know where they 're going and i do n't give a shit . 
 `` get up ! '' 
 i yell at my father . 
 i can barely hear my own voice above the noise . 
 i 'm out . 
 i 'm horrified . 
 i remember the gun in my boot and i reach for it . 
 i keep pulling the trigger , until i hear a click . 
 shit . 
 dad is on his feet then , his arms around my middle , sweeping me away . 
 then all hell breaks loose . 
 we 're inside another flat . 
 my eyes search for lennox but i ca n't see him anywhere . 
 dad rolls us down on the floor , covering me with his body . 
 bullets are piercing through the wall like it 's made of paper . 
 i heard my father practice shooting in the arizona desert many times before . 
 the noise was quite loud then , but within four walls it 's excruciatingly deafening . 
 especially when coming from a high powered gun . 
 `` gun . 
 my left side , '' dad says , and i reach for it . 
 the clunking from the falling casing stops . 
 i slide a little to the right , but i ca n't get a clear shot . 
 the overturned couch is in the way . 
 dust fills the room . 
 the furniture , the picture frames -- everything is a wreck . 
 i can taste the gunpowder in my mouth and it 's filling my nose with a semisweet metallic smell . 
 dad points towards the open door across the room . 
 i nod . 
 he pushes himself up and glides like smoke , shooting , dodging and shooting again , while i run to the next room . 
 that 's where i find lennox wrestling with a man . 
 he 's flung against the wall with a rifle pressed across his throat , choking him . 
 i do n't know where these bastards are coming from . 
 they seem to be popping out from every god damn corner ! 
 i swallow my scream of frustration and dash forward , ramming my foot onto the back of the man 's knee . 
 i hear it snap . 
 his howl follows . 
 i grab him by his hair and he falls on his back . 
 i shoot him in the chest . 
 lennox is hunched on the floor , coughing . 
 i do n't notice the other guy on the floor until his hand grabs my leg and pulls . 
 i fall , banging my head against the bastard i just killed and feel his blood on my hair . 
 the other man is suddenly on top of me . 
 he has no mask on or someone probably removed it from his face . 
 i see blood trailing from a deep cut above his right eyebrow and his nose is broken . 
 my left arm is pinned under his leg while my right hand is in his grip . 
 he slams it on the floor , over and over , but i do n't let go of the gun . 
 i feel his hot breath on my face as he leans closer , as if to get a better look at me . 
 his other hand closes around my throat and squeezes . 
 i try to scream but i ca n't . 
 i kick and kick aimlessly , trying to wiggle myself out , but i 'm failing . 
 my vision is starting to blur . 
 i can feel my throat closing and my lungs fighting for the last bit of oxygen in my body . 
 all of a sudden there 's a rush of air as the heavy weight is lifted off of me . 
 i cough and scramble up to a sitting position and at the same time i take gulps full of air , filling my lungs , as i watch lennox hurl the man against the mirror on the wall . 
 he throws a punch , but the man ducks . 
 his fist lands on the mirror , cracking and smashing it even more . 
 then the man lodges his foot on lennox 's stomach . 
 lennox and the man are locked in a shuffling embrace , punching , kicking , grappling , and grunting . 
 i ca n't feel my neck . 
 my hand inches up to check that it 's still attached to my shoulders . 
 i force myself onto my feet , fall a couple of times , but on the third try i finally manage . 
 each unsteady step i take sends pain bursting into my chest . 
 i ignore the pain and rush to help lennox . 
 but there 's no need . 
 the man is already dead . 
 his mouth is open in a silent scream and his lifeless eyes are staring wide . 
 but his body is still convulsing uncontrollably . 
 and lennox 's hands are braced on either side of his head . 
 `` that 's enough ! '' 
 dad shouts from the doorway . 
 lennox 's head snaps up . 
 the look he gives my father is a look of fury , like he does n't recognise him -- or worse , recognises him as someone he hates . 
 he does n't let go of the man . 
 i do n't know what 's happening , but whatever it is , i know he 's causing it . 
 he just killed a man with his touch . 
 i call his name and he looks at me . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 you can let go now , '' i say . 
 his expression softens . 
 finally , he lets go and the body stills . 
 he gets up and steps over the body , to stand in front of me . 
 his eyes are searching , his palms are turned upward as if he 's holding something i ca n't see , and he reminds me of a lost child . 
 i wrap my arms around his neck . 
 he buries his face in my hair and it is a good few minutes before he finally grabs the back of my shirt and grips it tight . 
 chapter twenty three `` ow ! '' 
 i ca n't help but wince as well , as i try to dab the cut on lennox 's lower lip with antiseptic gauze . 
 `` keep still , '' i say . 
 it 's too dark for me to properly see what i 'm doing . 
 we 're both on the back seat of dad 's range rover , parked behind a fish and chips shop a couple of blocks from the flat . 
 running along some side roads through back alleys was n't easy . 
 the darkness was n't enough to hide us from prying eyes , and there were loads of prying eyes on the street , so we had to climb some fences to get here . 
 my body aches . 
 i can only imagine how lennox feels since he 's the one who took a lot of beating . 
 i keep glancing outside to check for any sign of my father . 
 i 'm not happy leaving him behind in case more of isaac 's people come , but he 's not having it . 
 `` elle ! '' 
 he said my name when i insisted that i wanted to stay , the e extra-long , the tone sort of impatient -- like when he warned me not to play with my food or when he caught me sneaking out of my room in the middle of the night . 
 as always , it worked wonders on me , snapping me out of my stubborn state . 
 finally , he arrives with his silver suitcase and a black messenger bag slung across his body . 
 he chucks them in the boot of the car then runs to the driver 's side . 
 the engine revs up with a roar as we speed out of the parking lot . 
 lennox slouches back . 
 his eyes are closed and his chest is still heaving . 
 i hear sirens approaching from a distance . 
 two or more police cars and a fire engine pass us , but i pay little attention . 
 i know my dad . 
 whatever we did back there will never be traced back to us . 
 he went back to his apartment not to just get the rest of his weapons but to erase whatever prints or dna we left there . 
 including lennox 's bloodied shirt . 
 he tosses it to me . 
 it 's wet and still smells like blood . 
 it reminds me of the blood that lennox has gently wiped off my face . 
 i have this strong desire to take a shower , to stand under a blast of searing hot water until i 'm spotless and pink all over . 
 when we left the flat , i found two more bodies outside -- a man and a woman . 
 my uncle -- who else ? 
 -- sent nine assassins to kill us . 
 he really wants us dead , the shithead . 
 i did n't know we can do what lennox did . 
 my father never said anything about that side of our ability . 
 but i can tell he knows because he keeps glancing at me in his rear view mirror with that certain kind of look in his eyes . 
 the kind of look that says i never meant for you to find out . 
 i guess it 's too late for me to debate if that power is right or wrong for me anyway , since i have taken lives , and killing with a gun is not much less brutal than frying a brain . 
 frying a brain . 
 i suppose it 's easy . 
 send images to make the brain believe that something horrible and painful is happening ; images that will make it break down and die . 
 i think that 's how it works . 
 i could be wrong . 
 i reach for lennox 's hand . 
 lennox ? 
 his mind opens up and he breathes in . 
 it 's like he 's opened a window to let some fresh air in . 
 i 'm sorry you had to see that . 
 it 's fine . 
 are you afraid of me ? 
 no . 
 he sighs . 
 i lost control . 
 you went a little cray-cray . 
 lennox smiles . 
 it 's a terrible joke but i 'm glad he finds it funny . 
 and that smile . 
 it 's enough to erase all the bad things that happened during the last hour . 
 it 's enough for me . 
 the voice in my head goes quiet . 
 he 's not blocking -- he 's just not thinking of anything in particular . 
 trying to forget , i suppose . 
 i pull my hand but he tightens his grip , refusing to let it go . 
 i try to keep my head clear like him , but guilt is poking the side of my brain . 
 hey ! 
 he faces me , willing me to meet his eyes . 
 do n't think like that . 
 you did n't bring this to me . 
 i started this , remember ? 
 you 're the one who got dragged in because of me and him ! 
 he looks at my father . 
 he partly blames him because he still hates him . 
 i can see it clearly in his head . 
 i suppress the sadness that 's creeping through my heart , so he wo n't see . 
 i suppress the thought that wishes he would forgive him because it 's not fair . 
 i 'm sorry , elle ... god , i 'm such a twat ! 
 i 'm just mad and my ribs are probably broken ... they 're not broken . 
 i know . 
 but it feels like it . 
 he takes a deep breath . 
 we got out . 
 that 's what 's important . 
 he gives me a little smile before closing his eyes again . 
 he seems worn out . 
 i feel the same . 
 i let him rest . 
 i let go of his hand to give his mind some privacy . 
 my instinct tells me that i 'm being watched . 
 and sure enough , my father 's eyes are trained on me in the mirror , but he breaks eye contact . 
 whatever it is that he thinks is going on between me and lennox , he disapproves of it . 
 he does n't like it . 
 not one bit . 
 that 's what i 've seen in his eyes . 
 or he does n't like the fact that i have killed people . 
 he does n't like the fact that i 'm gradually becoming like him . 
 taking a person 's life is easier for me than i thought , as easy as breathing . 
 i think he 's a little wary because i 'm not showing any sign of remorse or of shock , or he 's worried this event has unknowingly mapped my future . 
 perhaps it has . 
 sometimes i wonder if he is happy with his life . 
 i like to think that he is because he has me and he has loads of money . 
 not that money matters that much to him . 
 i 'm enough . 
 will it be enough for me -- having a child -- when i reach that stage that i feel i have to reproduce ? 
 i understand why my father prefers this life , because it is virtually impossible for him to have a normal family . 
 and what happened in the past is another factor . 
 who would want to repeat history if history brings heartache ? 
 in his sleep , my grandfather accidentally whispered his wife to death . 
 the guilt destroyed him , made him cut himself until he bled to death . 
 i ca n't blame my dad for fearing that the same thing might happen to him . 
 to me . 
 i could be wrong , but i think whatever it was that he had with my mother he did try to make it work . 
 and it was not just for me . 
 but every brave man has a weakness . 
 and my father 's is his fear of rejection . 
 the day my mother rejected me -- that was it for him . 
 i will probably have the same fear when the time comes , but with lennox i probably wo n't . 
 him and me , we could have a normal life -- what is normal for us . 
 perhaps this is what draws him to me and me to him . 
 i 'm over-thinking things . 
 but with all the crazy things going on right now , and all that it 's not the right time plus this is not going to work shit , i ca n't deny it anymore . 
 i 'm caught -- from the moment lennox saved my life from falling off that stupid wall -- i 'm literally and figuratively caught . 
 the car stops . 
 the traffic light is red . 
 my eyes drift back to the mirror and again , i find my father 's eyes staring at me . 
 this time , it 's hard to guess what he is thinking . 
 this time , we do n't break eye contact until the light turns green and we have no choice . 
 ***** we 're back in windsor , back at the house on top of the hill with cherry blossom trees . 
 dad parks right outside the front door but he keeps the engine running . 
 `` here . '' 
 he hands me the key . 
 `` if anything happens while i 'm gone , there 's a phone in my office , in the drawer . 
 get it , get out of the house , and bring it with you . 
 i 'll be able to track you with it . '' 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` you know where i 'm going . '' 
 `` i want to come with you . '' 
 after what happened , i want to see isaac die . 
 `` do you want to leave that prat here by himself ? 
 i do n't think he can take any more beating . 
 someone has to protect him , do n't you think ? '' 
 he says with a bitter , sarcastic smirk . 
 i do n't like the way he makes lennox sound so weak . 
 but he 's right , i ca n't leave lennox . 
 i ca n't take him where the danger is either . 
 `` you 'll be fine . 
 i 'll know if someone manages to break in . '' 
 he rests his hand over his breast pocket . 
 i see the shape of his phone . 
 `` then i 'll be back in no time . 
 i promise . 
 now , go . '' 
 lennox is already out of the car . 
 i climb out and follow him , giving him the keys to the door . 
 he unlocks it as i watch my father drive away . 
 and as always , those dreadful feelings of fear and worry are creeping up my spine , paralysing me , chilling me until i 'm shivering inside . 
 i forgot to thank him from saving us . 
 `` elle ? '' 
 i brush my tears away and enter the house , disarming the security system . 
 as soon as i close and lock the door , the system goes back on . 
 so if someone tries to tamper with this , dad will know . 
 the knowledge reassures me . 
 i could have asked him to let isaac go , we could just leave the country , go somewhere we could be safe , but it would be like asking him to set his hair on fire . 
 i know exactly what his answer will be -- i will not let any threat walk away . 
 i will not give them any chance , more opportunity to bite me in the arse . 
 and i agree . 
 i head straight into his office and immediately find the phone . 
 when i step out of the room , lennox is waiting for me in the hallway . 
 `` i 'm going upstairs , '' i say . 
 lennox nods and grabs my hand as we go up the stairs , taking two steps at a time . 
 he probably assumes i 've asked him to come with me , but it does n't matter . 
 the farther we go up , the safer i feel , but i still do n't feel any better -- which is weird and hard to explain and feels really unhealthy . 
 i grab some clothes from my room and a couple of towels . 
 i think of searching through dad 's wardrobe for something that would fit lennox , but i quickly discard the idea . 
 `` i think we should go up to the attic , '' i say . 
 the second flight of stairs to the attic is quite narrow . 
 lennox lets me climb up first , flicking the light switch on . 
 the spotlights on each step light up , illuminating our way . 
 he retakes my hand , as if he 's taken ownership of it . 
 eight steps and we 're on top of the tight landing , so tight that our bodies barely fit and lennox has to take a step down to allow me some more elbow space . 
 with an anxious huff , i punch the code , push the door open and close it behind us . 
 lennox hesitates . 
 i can see why . 
 the walls are decorated with guns . 
 i go straight to the adjacent bathroom and turn the shower to full blast , stepping inside with my bloody clothes still on , stripping and scrubbing as i go . 
 the scalding water beats down on my back and i relish it . 
 i feel like i 'm being purified as i watch the pool of dirty and blood tinted water go down the drain . 
 the steam clouds the bathroom , but when lennox comes in , the fog seems to part around him . 
 my heart is pounding . 
 i 'm afraid to open my mouth because my heart might fly out of it , so i do n't say a word . 
 he steps in the shower and the feeling of exhaustion and disgust vanishes as electricity settles beneath my skin . 
 he touches my neck , lifting my chin with his finger to see the bruise closer . 
 his blue eyes turn dark and narrow in anger . 
 he cups my face , brushing the hair off my forehead , delicately running his fingers along my hairline , my cheekbones and jaw . 
 then he smooths his hand down over my hair . 
 i place my hands on his hips , pushing my fingers up and under his shirt . 
 the skin above the waistband of his jeans is so solid and smooth ; i have to see what 's underneath the clothes . 
 i grab the hem of his wet shirt , pulling it over his head . 
 i see big , purple bruises on his side just beneath his ribcage , on his flat stomach and on his arms . 
 i trace them with my fingers , wishing i could touch away the ugly things that mar his perfect body . 
 instead , i kiss the cuts on his knuckles . 
 lennox dips his head down to my shoulder and kisses it , his lips trailing from the bone that connects my arm to my shoulder , to the bruises on my neck . 
 the new stubble on his jaw and chin graze my skin and i shiver . 
 my inside coils and uncoils . 
 for some reason , i focus on his facial hair , how fast it has grown , and i wonder how often he has to shave , until i feel his hands on my back , gentle and light on my spine , and i stop thinking about anything else but the way he makes me feel . 
 i take it upon myself to press closer to him , so i can feel his skin against my skin . 
 his lips travel up to my jaw , my cheek , my eyes , my forehead , down the bridge of my nose , until i ca n't wait anymore . 
 i press my lips on his . 
 i kiss him with a hunger i never knew i had in me . 
 ***** `` there will come a time when you will think if i 'm worth the trouble , '' lennox whispers . 
 `` i will do what i can to make sure your answer is a yes . '' 
 i press closer to him and i feel his arms tighten around me . 
 we 're on the floor and i 'm curled on his lap , wrapped in a blue blanket . 
 my cheek is pressed against lennox 's bare chest and i can hear his heart beating steadily . 
 he 's so warm . 
 has he really once just been a stranger ? 
 all this time i thought i was trying to protect lennox from my life , from me , when all along i was trying to protect myself . 
 in my head , i had this picture of myself -- strong , content and alone . 
 and i was happy with that . 
 i had accepted that . 
 and then i came here and stumbled upon him . 
 and he 's saying these words that he 's not supposed to say given our circumstances . 
 because of him , my picture is blurring , shifting and i feel completely out of control . 
 the life that i thought was for me , the person i thought i was supposed to be -- i do n't want that anymore . 
 i want more . 
 i want lennox . 
 and i 'm terrified . 
 `` i know you do n't need me to be your sodding hero . 
 you have your father to take care of you , but i have honestly never wanted to kill someone more than i want to kill isaac right now , '' he says over the top of my head . 
 i close my eyes and take a deep breath . 
 i know how he feels . 
 i feel the same . 
 the intense urge to put a bullet inside isaac 's head , right in between his eyebrows , is simmering inside of me . 
 to hell with the outcome , to hell if i get killed in the process -- i just want to have that satisfaction of getting even , the satisfaction of knowing i have put him down . 
 `` are you asleep ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 it 's still dark outside but i know it 's close to 5 am . 
 i 'm shattered but i do n't think i 'll be able to sleep even if i want to . 
 not until i know my father is safe . 
 not until i see him . 
 `` does he really need all these weapons ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i say with a little laugh . 
 `` do we really have to hide in here ? '' 
 `` believe it or not , i feel a lot safer if i 'm surrounded by guns . '' 
 `` you do n't say . 
 it feels really creepy ... '' he pauses , sitting up suddenly . 
 `` ... for me . '' 
 i follow his gaze , to the small flat screen television on the wall and wonder what is so interesting about this particular guy with an umbrella , standing in front of a bank . 
 he 's speaking to the camera , talking about house prices going up . 
 then i see it -- the news ticker . 
 what the fuck ? 
 `` bloody hell , '' lennox breathes the words out . 
 `` elle ... he burned the whole building down ? '' 
 `` i think so . '' 
 that 's all i can say . 
 i have to read it twice before it finally sinks in . 
 apparently , there 's an uncontrollable blaze in belgravia that 's causing havoc in the area . 
 the police had to close the entire block . 
 early morning traffic is being redirected . 
 and it 's too early to say if it 's an act of terrorism . 
 shit . 
 now that i 'm thinking of it , my father could n't possibly remove all our prints from that place that quickly . 
 or the dead bodies . 
 but burning the place down will take care of it all . 
 i think of the people who live there and i 'm suddenly filled with ... with ... `` that 's mental . 
 but i 'm sure your father got everyone out , '' lennox says . 
 i forgot that his hand is on my bare thigh . 
 `` yeah but they lost their homes . '' 
 i feel like i have to do something . 
 put them in a hotel or whatever . 
 `` elle , those people are not poor . 
 if they can afford to rent those flats , i 'm sure they are very well-off . '' 
 i face lennox . 
 my eyebrows are scrunched together . 
 he inclines his head . 
 `` your father owns the entire building , do n't you know that ? 
 he will not put his base in some place where he can not control who comes in and out of it . 
 and those wealthy tenants are the perfect front . 
 they keep to themselves . 
 they 're not nosy . '' 
 as everything he says sinks in , i realise he really does know quite a lot about how this assassin business thing works . 
 lennox smiles and places a peck on my lips . 
 `` you look so cute when you 're confused . '' 
 do i really now ? 
 `` you look ugly with that smug look on your face . '' 
 he laughs and buries his nose in my ear . 
 it tickles . 
 he trails some kisses along my jaw up to the corner of my lips . 
 my breath is getting heavy . 
 i close my eyes and try to quell whatever fear i 'm feeling . 
 this moment would have been easier to enjoy if we were not in this situation , if we did n't have this problem . 
 there is a battle going on inside me . 
 part of me is ecstatic to be with lennox , but the other part feels this deep guilt for being happy . 
 it 's like being handed a promotion that costs your best friend 's job . 
 i hear something ringing . 
 lennox hears it too because he lets out a frustrated groan . 
 it seems to be coming from the desk in the corner of the room . 
 i uncurl myself from lennox 's lap and tighten the blanket around me , tucking its corner between my breasts so it wo n't fall , and follow the sound . 
 the floorboards near the window creak a little when i step on them . 
 it 's my father 's phone . 
 lennox gets up and grabs his jeans from the radiator . 
 he puts them on . 
 i ca n't help but stare , and for a moment i forget about the phone . 
 he walks towards me while buttoning his jeans . 
 `` i can put that in the dryer if you want , '' i say and my voice comes out a little hoarse . 
 damn it . 
 `` it 's fine , darling , it 's just a little damp . '' 
 there it is again -- that incensing shame . 
 `` are n't you going to get that ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i stare at the phone . 
 `` it must be your father . '' 
 but he never calls me after an assignment . 
 he said i have to wait for him here to get me , he did n't say he 's going to call . 
 i 'm suddenly gripped with fear . 
 `` answer it , '' i say . 
 `` but that 's not my mobile phone , '' lennox says as if he thinks what i 'm asking him to do is rude . 
 i snatch the phone and practically shove it on his chest . 
 `` just answer it , please . 
 and put it on speaker . '' 
 lennox catches my hand . 
 he 's reading me ; i know he is , because i see understanding in his eyes . 
 he takes the phone , presses answer and speaker . 
 i hold my breath , waiting for a voice to come through and i 'm hoping it 's not my father 's but some random person who got the number wrong . 
 i feel the dismay even before i finish considering the thought . 
 i mean , the likelihood of someone else dialling a private , secure number is pretty slim . 
 lennox winks then clears his throat . 
 `` balti king ? '' 
 my eyes narrow and my lips form a silent what ? 
 he just shrugs . 
 there 's only silence on the other end . 
 if it 's my father on the other side , he would have said something already , something snarky . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 says lennox . 
 `` lennox , is that you ? '' 
 it 's a woman 's voice . 
 the first person that pops into my head is zoe , but then how did she know this number ? 
 and the voice is different , more nasally . 
 lennox eyes widen in shock and his face has lost a bit of its colour . 
 he starts to turn his back on me and places the phone on his ear , but just as quickly , he changes his mind , takes the phone off his ear and stares at it helplessly . 
 `` lennox ? '' 
 the woman says again . 
 `` faye ? '' 
 faye ? 
 it feels like the ground has been pulled from underneath me . 
 my heart starts hammering against my ribs , as though it 's fighting its way out , as though it wants to escape and run as far away from here as possible . 
 without knowing , i take a step back , only to realise i have nowhere to go -- i 'm trapped between lennox and the wall . 
 and the voice from the phone . 
 i have n't heard that voice for a very long time , so long that i do n't recognise it . 
 i hear her sigh . 
 `` it 's you . 
 father called you . '' 
 i hear her sharp intake of breath . 
 `` oh god , lennox , do you know what happened to him ? '' 
 lennox looks at me . 
 `` faye , how did you get this number ? '' 
 `` from father 's phone . 
 last number he rang . 
 i 'm so glad ... '' she pauses as if to catch herself . 
 `` do you have any idea what happened ? '' 
 she repeats . 
 lennox does n't answer . 
 `` he passed away , lennox , '' i hear her say , like jack had cancer and was waiting for his time . 
 `` where are you ? 
 why are n't you here , paying your respects ? '' 
 `` i ca n't come home . '' 
 there 's a brief silence before she says , `` what do you mean you ca n't come home ? '' 
 `` i ca n't explain . '' 
 lennox closes his eyes , as if his words are giving him physical pain . 
 perhaps they are . 
 perhaps the memory of what he did hurts him . 
 `` why are you ringing the numbers on father 's phone ? '' 
 he asks before she can fire him another question . 
 she sniffs . 
 she 's been crying , i assume . 
 `` i was hoping you 're my ex . '' 
 there 's ringing in my ears . 
 i 'm trying my best not to look rattled , but to be really honest i 'm about to freak out . 
 my hands ball into fists . 
 my nails dig into my palms , causing as much physical pain as possible so i do n't feel my heart break . 
 my heart should n't break in the first place , and that 's what making me so fucking upset . 
 i should n't feel anything for her -- not even bitterness . 
 to feel is too foreign . 
 lennox is watching me closely , stricken . 
 his eyes are begging me to tell him what to say next . 
 but my brain has decided to stop working at the moment . 
 `` i 'm afraid . 
 i do n't know what the hell happened here . 
 i ca n't get hold of isaac . 
 and you 're gone as well . 
 then i got this bizarre message telling me to ring the last number father called and to hide her ... '' her voice trails off . 
 `` i think something bad is going to happen ... to me , i think it 's a warning . 
 and if there 's someone who would know what the bloody hell is going on , it would be him . '' 
 `` faye , i really ca n't talk . 
 i have to call you back , '' lennox says hurriedly . 
 `` what ? 
 wait ! 
 what the hell , lennox ? 
 father is dead . 
 someone murdered him and you ca n't talk ! 
 they ruled suicide out . 
 there 's going to be a murder investigation and i 'm supposed to come in to the station later for questioning . 
 hell knows what will happen if i say something wrong . 
 do you know something ? 
 are you in danger ? '' 
 `` calm down , faye . '' 
 lennox massages his forehead . 
 `` i ca n't fucking calm down ! 
 do n't tell me to calm down ! 
 i 'm alone here , and i 'm petrified ! 
 they will find things if they have n't already . 
 i have to warn the others but i do n't know what to do . 
 i need help . 
 i ca n't do this alone . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i really have to go . '' 
 he hangs up and sits on the edge of the table , hunched forward , his face buried in his hands . 
 the phone is pressed against his left temple . 
 it rings again after a minute and he jumps , almost dropping the damn thing . 
 `` oh , for fuck 's sake , '' he swears under his breath . 
 i 'm just watching him , trying to gather my thoughts -- coherent thoughts . 
 the shock , the surprise is paralysing . 
 i 'm stuck to this spot , cold stone frozen like those oversized ice sculptures in wedding venues . 
 my back is awfully stiff . 
 i want to break into tiny pieces and melt and drip out of the room , to escape . 
 the phone rings and rings and rings , filling the room with that chiming noise . 
 as seconds fly , it seems to get louder and louder . 
 it 's starting to grate on my nerves . 
 lennox grips the phone really tight , his knuckles going pale . 
 i feel like telling him to press the ignore button if he wants the ringing to stop , rather than crushing the phone until it breaks . 
 he looks up at me . 
 `` she ca n't know about isaac and your father . '' 
 is that his way of asking me what to do ? 
 `` but we ca n't leave her in the dark . '' 
 we ca n't leave her in the dark ? 
 `` she left me -- probably not literally in the dark , but she left me nonetheless ! '' 
 lennox 's face crumbles . 
 `` she needs help . '' 
 `` help with what ? '' 
 i 'm losing it . 
 `` she 'll be fine . 
 the others know how to take care of themselves . '' 
 the less she knows about what lennox did , the better for her and for us , i think . 
 `` she 's not like them . 
 the moment the police start asking questions she will crack and crumble , and the police will break her . 
 they will , '' lennox says . 
 `` then perhaps one of father 's assassins , perhaps your dad , will silence her for good before she could do any more damage . '' 
 i do n't give a shit . 
 i do n't say it out loud but the way lennox 's eyes harden with understanding , i know he sees it . 
 it 's all over my face . 
 the phone is still ringing in his hand . 
 he returns his attention to it , staring at it intently and for a wild moment i think he 's going to answer it and leave . 
 i hold my breath and watch . 
 i wait . 
 this is ridiculous , and i 'm close to tears which is even more ridiculous . 
 i ca n't hold it at bay anymore . 
 all the hurt that i felt from growing up without her , all the hurt that i buried somewhere deep inside me is surfacing , like pus from an infected wound that i thought i had taken care of by slapping layers and layers of bandages over it . 
 i can feel the sting and it 's making me sick and i think it 's disgusting . 
 `` please , elle . 
 let me go to her . 
 i have to do something , make her forget some things , sensitive things . '' 
 i have no right to keep him here . 
 he can go whenever he wants , do whatever he wants . 
 this is not a freaking prison . 
 `` no . 
 let her deal with the police . 
 and i hope she messes up . 
 i hope she gets killed . '' 
 fire sparks in lennox 's eyes . 
 `` i get that you 're hurt . 
 you hate her . 
 but she 's still your mother . 
 this is too vindictive even for you . '' 
 a small smile tugs at my lips . 
 this is the other thing that i like about lennox -- he 's not shy to speak his mind . 
 but sometimes i just want to cut his tongue out . 
 like right now . 
 i want to tell him everything , justify why i 'm being `` vindictive , '' but i do n't talk about it . 
 he says he gets it , but i do n't see how . 
 his parents died . 
 they did n't choose to leave him . 
 they did n't think of him as a freak . 
 they did n't leave him in a cold , dark room alone , bawling his eyes out until he 's too tired to cry anymore . 
 he did n't walk in on his mother and find her with another man and then be screamed at to go away . 
 how can he get it ? 
 he ca n't . 
 not by a long shot . 
 calling faye a mother is an insult to all mothers out there . 
 she used me to get close to someone who was afraid of getting close to someone different from him . 
 someone with a secret . 
 if she thinks she knows my father so well because she knows his real job title -- she needs to think again . 
 that 's only half of him . 
 the ringing has finally stopped . 
 i look out the window because i ca n't bear to look at lennox 's face . 
 i 'm angry , and maybe my anger is unreasonable and maybe i 'm taking it out on him , but i really , really do n't give a crap . 
 and i 'm also not going to let him walk out of here and into certain danger . 
 not after everything i did to make sure he 's safe . 
 not after what happened . 
 i turn and move away from the window , from him . 
 the blanket around me suddenly feels a really inappropriate thing to wear . 
 i pick up the bunch of clothing i left on the floor and quickly put it on . 
 `` elle , i did n't mean what i said . '' 
 lennox gives a long , frustrated sigh . 
 i hear the pain in his voice . 
 `` it 's just that ... it 's so fucked up ... '' he says with so much desperation and something else ... something like hope . 
 as though he thinks that making sure that faye lives will make up for killing jack . 
 `` i just want to make sure that she 'll be all right , '' he adds . 
 i push my arms through the sleeves of my black t-shirt and face him . 
 lennox still has his head cradled in his hands , like he has lost the will to live . 
 he cares about my ... he cares about faye , that 's for sure , and the realisation gives me a little pinch in my chest . 
 maybe she was nice to someone she likes . 
 each step that i take towards him , i feel my anger crumble to nothing . 
 i stand in front of him . 
 he lets me take the phone from his hand and slips my hands into his . 
 immediately , i 'm washed with his thoughts . 
 my suspicion is right . 
 among the three people in lennox 's adoptive family , faye is the only one who makes him feel normal , himself . 
 honestly , i 'm a little jealous . 
 but i 'm determined not to make this about me . 
 it does n't take long for my reservation to dissolve with my anger . 
 and he sees it . 
 our eyes meet . 
 i 'm going to do this for him , not for her , and i make sure that he sees it too . 
 he understands and he 's grateful . 
 his lips brush my cheeks and he whispers , `` i 'll be back . '' 
 i pull away and raise an eyebrow . 
 `` no , lennox . 
 i 'm coming with you . '' 
 chapter twenty four i think it 's about time that i face her , see her again after all these years . 
 dad might go ballistic but he 's not going to find out . 
 come , erase and go -- that 's the plan . 
 i expected faye to live in london , so i 'm a tiny bit surprised when lennox said she does n't . 
 apparently she lives in kent , close to the seaside . 
 i 've always thought of her as a city girl , a woman who would prefer to live in an opulent , busy place . 
 my eyes narrow suspiciously when lennox parks my father 's silver porsche in front of a small house with white façade and a blue door . 
 `` bugger . 
 we 're probably too late , '' lennox groans . 
 it 's probably the absence of a car in the driveway that makes him say so . 
 he did consider calling her back to let her know he 's coming over but i told him not to because i 'm not in the mood for manners and i want him to be as rude as me if i 'm coming to help . 
 let 's face it , there 's a chance -- and it does n't matter if it 's small or massive -- that he might not be able to pull his plan off . 
 so i 'm here for backup . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i turn to him . 
 `` no . '' 
 my honesty surprises me . 
 during the entire drive , i did n't feel anything . 
 i 'm as numb as a person in surgery . 
 but now that we 're here , i start to feel some sort of tingle at the ends of my fingers , and there 's a cold hollowness in my stomach . 
 lennox leans closer . 
 he kisses my lips . 
 i try to loosen myself -- focus on his minty scent and his soft lips , the way his lips carefully slide over mine -- but nothing can pull me out of this stifling awareness that i 'm about to see my mother . 
 then he stops , and holds my hand instead . 
 breathing a discreet sigh of relief , i turn my face away and stare outside the window . 
 i am distracted but i do n't want to lose our connection . 
 somehow , his presence , his voice in my head is the only thing that anchors me , the only thing that 's keeping me together , the only thing that stops me from losing control . 
 we both have our heads turned towards the window -- i can see his reflection -- and he has his fist pressed against his lips . 
 something seems to be troubling him . 
 he 's thinking openly , not bothering to guard his thoughts . 
 he 's recalling the phone call we received from faye , the things she said , word for word , like he 's searching for something . 
 something that he has missed , something he reckons is off . 
 curious , i follow his line of thoughts , until he comes to the part when faye said something about the message she received from someone . 
 lennox ca n't remember her telling him who the message was from . 
 i do n't think she did . 
 and this seems unsettling for him , for some reason . 
 hide her . 
 hide her . 
 her . 
 it hits me the same time it hits him . 
 he looks at me as i 'm shaking my head . 
 `` no . 
 that 's ridiculous , '' i say . 
 lennox is wearing his worried look -- eyebrows scrunched together , forehead all creased . 
 i never liked that look on him . 
 but like i said , it 's ridiculous . 
 if something has happened to my father , he will never entrust me to some absentee mother . 
 if something has happened , he will trust me to take care of myself . 
 `` my father is okay , '' i say , trying to sound convincing , as if forcing him to believe my words will make it true , but the quiver in my voice betrays me . 
 i squeeze my eyes shut for a second to reset my thoughts . 
 `` elle ... '' god ! 
 `` what ? '' 
 i let go of his hand . 
 i catch a hint of hurt in his eyes . 
 lennox crosses his arms over his chest , tucking his hands under his pits . 
 `` what if i 'm right ? 
 what if you 're in more danger than he anticipated ? '' 
 `` if he thinks i 'm in danger , he will come for me like he did last night . '' 
 or send sonia to get me , not faye . 
 but sonia is on the other side of the planet . 
 `` sometimes when you 're in a panic , when you 're desperate , you do the most unlikely thing . '' 
 my dad does n't know the word panic . 
 `` stop assuming . 
 you do n't know him , '' i snap . 
 `` where the hell is she ? 
 i 'm giving her five more minutes but after that ... '' i let my words hang in the air while cutting a sharp look at lennox . 
 i 'm sure he knows what i mean . 
 but he does n't notice me . 
 he 's staring at the rearview mirror . 
 a black sedan is just pulling in , blocking our way out . 
 i ca n't tell how many people are in the car . 
 the windscreen is too dark for me to see inside . 
 and i thought here in britain you 're not allowed to have your car windows tinted black . 
 the driver 's door opens . 
 a woman slowly gets out . 
 she has dark glasses on that she slowly removes and places on her head , gradually craning her neck to check lennox 's window . 
 i 'm guessing she ca n't see properly because she 's hesitating , slowly closing the car door . 
 her right hand slowly reaches up to tuck her hair behind her ear . 
 everything she does , she does it slow . 
 that 's faye all right . 
 her appearance has changed a lot , and it should n't surprise me since it has been more than a decade since i last laid eyes on her . 
 she 's thinner , borderline anorexic-skinny . 
 i can see the sharp angles of her shoulders underneath her peach cardigan . 
 there 's a prominent hollow to her cheeks that makes her cheekbones protrude . 
 lennox gets out of the car without as much as a backward glance at me , and i catch a whiff of salt in the air when the door opens . 
 i fail to notice if he 's genuinely glad to see her or if he 's showing some sort of apprehension and guilt , because i ca n't keep my eyes off faye . 
 faye reels back a little , then smiles . 
 her face lights up . 
 `` lenny ! '' 
 lenny ? 
 lennox strides towards faye . 
 they embrace , briefly . 
 the top of faye 's head barely reaches lennox 's chin . 
 it just occurs to me that she 's quite small . 
 when i was little , she seemed so tall . 
 `` what happened to you ? '' 
 she asks as she scans his face . 
 `` been in a fight . '' 
 faye 's eyes narrow , but she does n't ask any more questions . 
 i see the opportunity there -- lennox can easily pretend to remove her hands from his biceps then whisper in her head -- but then i notice she 's wearing gloves . 
 `` i thought you 're my ex , '' faye says , eyeing the car . 
 she 's gathered her blond hair to one side , over her left shoulder , to keep it from getting messed by the strong wind , i suppose . 
 `` that 's his car . 
 what are you doing with his car ? '' 
 `` i borrowed it . '' 
 faye 's eyebrows knot together . 
 `` is he with you ? '' 
 she 's still staring at the rear window . 
 i doubt that she can see me . 
 `` no . '' 
 lennox reaches for her elbow . 
 `` can we talk inside ? 
 it 's a bit nippy out here . '' 
 faye pushes past lennox , and before i can hide or pretend to be busy admiring the brick fence , she 's already peering through the driver 's window . 
 her eyes -- those amber eyes that sparkle like gold under the sun -- register a hint of disbelief when she sees me , but other than that her face is void of any reaction . 
 i wonder if she recognises me at all . 
 a memory pops into my head . 
 she took me to central park once , the first and last day out we had . 
 i realise now that we went there so she could sunbathe and meet men , while i played not so far from where she carefully displayed herself . 
 i actually thought she looked like the princess in one of my storybooks . 
 as it turned out , she 's the evil witch . 
 surprisingly , i do n't feel anything , and i 'm actually facing her and all . 
 my numbness has decided to stay , fortunately , enveloping me in some kind of protective bubble . 
 i stare back at her , unblinking , like i 'm seeing a complete stranger . 
 essentially , she is a stranger . 
 with a start , faye straightens up , seems lost for words and unsure of what to do . 
 she turns to lennox , and based on her body language -- the stiffness of her back -- she 's not prepared to see me . 
 at all . 
 ever . 
 glancing at lennox , i notice that he 's nervous . 
 he 's chewing on his bottom lip , his arms crossed over his chest . 
 `` are n't you going to invite us in ? '' 
 he asks as if the situation is not awkward at all . 
 he covers his mouth with his hand , slightly stroking his chin . 
 his eyes never leave faye . 
 it takes a full minute before faye answers , `` grab my handbag . 
 my key 's in there . '' 
 she clears her throat as if she 's choking . 
 instead of handing faye her handbag , lennox walks towards my side of the car and opens the door for me . 
 i mentally assess my legs , checking for any shakes , but they seem to be capable of standing up . 
 as i climb out , lennox fingers circle around my wrist , over the end of my coat sleeve , pulling me closer to him as he slides the bag across the roof of the car towards faye . 
 faye catches it , and the way lennox drapes a protective arm around my shoulder . 
 her eyes spark with interest . 
 `` hello , elle , '' she says with a smile . 
 i do n't verbally respond -- just nod a little to acknowledge her greeting . 
 i find my breathing is quite relaxed , the hollowness in my stomach is gone and my heart is beating normally . 
 this is not what i expected . 
 i thought seeing her again in person would destroy me , but it does n't . 
 i 'm over her . 
 if i have known this would give me closure , i would have done this earlier . 
 like fourteen years ago . 
 `` you did n't tell me you are friends with my daughter . '' 
 her eyes slice at lennox . 
 `` he just found out few days ago that we 're related , '' i answer on lennox 's behalf . 
 again , i 'm surprised that i 'm acknowledging our relationship . 
 it feels strange . 
 her lips part , forming a silent ah , then as if to catch herself she smiles and says , `` we have a lot to talk about then . '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` actually no , he 's here to see you , '' i point a finger at lennox . 
 `` i 'm just here for the scenery . '' 
 i smile and pretend to pay interest to the row of semi-detached houses across the street . 
 a man with a receding hairline waves from the opposite house as he pulls the bin out to the pavement , his round belly sticking out of his very tight and very short maroon velvet dressing gown . 
 `` anyway ... '' i return my attention back to my mother . 
 `` it 's a bit disappointing . '' 
 faye keeps her smile on her face . 
 `` well then . 
 it is a bit cold out here . '' 
 her eyes slide over to lennox one more time before she turns around , rummaging through her bag for her house keys , i suppose . 
 lennox kisses the back of my head and i can feel his chest rumble with suppressed mirth . 
 `` it 's not funny , '' i whisper as lennox slides his hand from my shoulder to my back , to usher me forward . 
 `` it is a bit . '' 
 `` whooping your ass will be funny . '' 
 i squirm and pull his hand off my back . 
 faye pushes the front door open and it gives a little creak . 
 for a second , i have this feeling that i 'm walking into a trap . 
 i 'd like to see her try and hurt me though , because in this state of indifference i doubt that i 'll think twice in hurting her back . 
 there 's a very expensive looking oriental runner in the hallway . 
 faye drops her keys into a crystal bowl on the tall table as she walks into the house and disappears into a door on the right . 
 with lennox 's hand on the small of my back again , urging me on , i follow her and find myself in a living room that mirrors one of the rooms at the ritz . 
 the room glows in golden yellow . 
 the rich red armchairs look antique as well as the oak coffee table . 
 `` sit , '' faye gestures towards the chairs , then removes her gloves . 
 `` i 'm glad you came . 
 i thought ... '' she breaks off and smiles , waving her hand . 
 `` i 've been to see phil . 
 you remember him ? 
 father 's solicitor ? '' 
 `` this early ? '' 
 asks lennox . 
 `` he briefed me for my police meeting later . 
 he asked about you . 
 again . 
 you should see him . '' 
 lennox stands next to the marbled fire , crossing his arms over his chest . 
 `` what for ? '' 
 `` he said he has something to discuss with you . 
 he wo n't tell me . '' 
 `` rubbish . '' 
 `` oh , fine . 
 it 's about the estate your biological parents left you . 
 you 're an adult now . '' 
 i look out the window then back at lennox . 
 `` i 'm not interested . '' 
 `` whether you 're interested or not , it 's yours . '' 
 `` well , it 's not exactly theirs to give . 
 so really , it 's not mine . 
 we 've talked about this , faye . 
 you 're doing my head in . '' 
 faye scoffs loudly . 
 `` your stupid ethics is clouding your brain ! 
 you have to take it , especially now . '' 
 she sits on one of the chairs , the one closest to lennox . 
 then she stands again . 
 `` i need a drink . 
 do you want any ? '' 
 by drink , i 'm hoping she means tea . 
 it 's only almost seven in the morning . 
 `` no , thank you , '' says lennox . 
 she turns to me . 
 `` no . '' 
 i think she stared at me a few seconds longer than necessary before turning on her heels , her shoes clicking repeatedly against the floor . 
 my eyes follow her until she 's out of the room . 
 as soon as we 're alone , i join lennox by the fireplace with my hands clasped behind me . 
 `` so , you had to make people give you a house and a car ? '' 
 he raises his eyebrows . 
 `` that was not a lie . '' 
 `` i do n't care . 
 do you know what i care about ? 
 what we came here to do . 
 therefore , today , please ? '' 
 i hiss through my teeth and sweep my arm towards the hallway , mockingly inviting him to follow her . 
 if dad comes home and finds the house empty , he 's going to assume the worst and there 's no escaping his fury . 
 i pull at the scarf around my neck to loosen it a little . 
 i wonder if it 's really warm in this house or it 's just me . 
 i could take my coat off but then i would have to reveal my weapon . 
 lennox 's eyes narrow . 
 `` i 'm trying to find the appropriate time . '' 
 `` clearly , you 're not trying hard enough . '' 
 `` what do you want me to do ? 
 jump her ? '' 
 i glare at him and grab his hand . 
 do it or i will . 
 hell knows what i 'm going to do . 
 i might get carried away ... he sees what 's in my mind and he pulls his hand away , stomping out of the living room . 
 finally ! 
 i shake my hands as if to loosen my nerves but i 'm not nervous . 
 i 'm just impatient . 
 i ca n't stand being in this house . 
 i face the fireplace . 
 there are lots on knickknacks on display , small things that are probably memorable to faye . 
 with my arms crossed over my chest , i stare at them , and for some reason i feel oddly curious . 
 these things will probably give me an insight of what she has been up to , where she has travelled , because it 's pretty obvious that these are keepsakes . 
 only they are not as obvious as snow globes and fridge magnets . 
 there 's a small wooden box with a ribbon and tag still attached . 
 i flip the tag over . 
 `` the key to the house in sankt-peterburg -- the key to our freedom ... isaac . '' 
 that is when i notice the water ring on the mantel . 
 it 's still fresh . 
 i feel a prickle on the nape . 
 fuck . 
 i do n't get a chance to turn around . 
 there 's an explosion behind my eyes and next thing i know , the ground is speeding up to meet me . 
 then everything goes dark . 
 chapter twenty five it feels like i 've been underwater . 
 gasping for air , i take long , deep breaths to get rid of that drowning feeling . 
 even before i open my eyes , i know i 'm in some place unfamiliar . 
 i can feel the wrongness deep in my bones , my subconscious is warning me of the danger i 'm in . 
 but how grave the danger is , i 'm not sure yet . 
 everything seems so foggy . 
 either my brain is still half-asleep or there is a veil over my eyes . 
 i squint to focus . 
 my coat is gone . 
 there 's something shiny in front of me , i 'm not sure what at the moment . 
 it seems to stretch higher and higher , my still heavy eyes can barely follow its length . 
 soon enough , i realise i 'm lying on my side . 
 something very rough that smells like synthetic and dust scratches the right side of my face . 
 with an effort , i slowly roll on my back . 
 but my left shoulder and arm wo n't follow . 
 clang . 
 what the hell ? 
 i 'm handcuffed . 
 i gape at my hands , wide-eyed in disbelief . 
 i 'm shackled to what appears to be a stripper 's pole . 
 it hits me like a punch in the face , as i finally realise my predicament , now that i 'm fully awake , totally alert . 
 my heart starts beating fast and hard , like bass speaker in full blast , pumping hot blood into my veins . 
 it 's frustrating not to be able to move freely when i 'm seething and desperate to hit someone or something . 
 instead , i settle on grinding my teeth together and swallowing my scream . 
 i ca n't remember exactly what happened , but it 's obvious that somewhere between the time lennox left me and the moment i found the key , i let my guard down and i mentally curse myself for it . 
 oh shit . 
 lennox . 
 my mind races to think as panic starts to creep in . 
 the hot blood in my veins is quickly turning icy . 
 one moment i 'm simmering with anger . 
 and the next i 'm cold with fear . 
 i sit up . 
 blood rushes to my brain , no matter how careful i am . 
 i do n't have to touch it to know there 's a massive bump on the back of my head where i 've been hit and i can feel the caked blood sticking clumps of my hair together . 
 there 's a bitter taste in my mouth that becomes worse as i try to swallow . 
 and my tongue feels like sandpaper . 
 i gag . 
 this is so not good . 
 and i have this feeling that it 's about to get worse . 
 my eyes automatically scan the room . 
 i do n't see anyone around . 
 apart from a few chairs piled up on one side , the room is otherwise empty . 
 the walls are velvet red . 
 there are plenty of spotlights , but only a few of them are on , giving the room a romantic , seductive setting . 
 but i 'm not feeling the romance . 
 and i figure whoever has tied me up does n't have seduction in mind . 
 i search for something , anything within reach , to use to pick the handcuffs , but the place looks like it has been vacuumed clean . 
 okay . 
 i position myself facing the pole and place my booted feet against it , curling my body into a foetal position , except my arms are held out . 
 good thing i 'm very bendy . 
 i grab the pole with both hands , left fist on top of the right , gripping the pole really tight while trying not to think of the things that have possibly slid up and down on this . 
 then i kick . 
 the stupid pole does n't budge . 
 i kick again and again and again . 
 it rattles for a bit and the screws holding it to the floor jump but do n't come loose . 
 i kick again , numerous times . 
 i 'm making too much noise , but i do n't give a shit . 
 come on . 
 just rip already . 
 a screw pops up . 
 my heart jumps at the same time . 
 i dive for it , as if it 's the most precious thing in the whole world and i ca n't wait to make it mine , eagerly turning it with my shaky fingers . 
 beads of perspiration cover my hairline . 
 i focus on the damn screw like my life depends on it . 
 it probably does . 
 i exhale loudly when the screw detaches . 
 the end of it is too thick to fit inside the handcuff lock and the end is not even pointy . 
 my heart sinks . 
 shit . 
 i keep it in my hand anyway then bring my feet back against the pole and restart kicking . 
 just three more screws to dislodge and i 'm a free girl . 
 `` oi ! 
 stop that now . 
 you do n't want the ceiling to come crashing down on you , do you ? '' 
 i freeze . 
 i should n't be surprised but i am . 
 i do n't have to look -- i know who it is . 
 `` it 's nice to see you again , honey . '' 
 i blink . 
 i 'm not prepared for the pain that rushes through me . 
 it is like a kick in the teeth . 
 for some weird , stupid reason , i feel so betrayed . 
 she did n't give me anything but heartache , but she managed to redeem herself by leaving . 
 and now she 's back , meddling with our lives in the most hurtful way possible . 
 i stare at her and say , `` what the fuck have you done ? '' 
 `` that 's not how you speak to your mother . 
 you 're quite rude , '' faye says ever so calmly and a tiny bit amused . 
 `` well then . 
 what the fuck have you done , mommy ? '' 
 annoyance flashes in her eyes , but she quickly shrugs it off with a sigh . 
 she crouches next to me . 
 the look in her eyes is not of hatred , sadness or joy . 
 it 's curiosity . 
 `` you look so much like ian , especially now that you 've grown up . 
 you did n't get any of my features at all . 
 no one will suspect that my blood runs in those veins . '' 
 she smiles , poking my arm . 
 despite the carefully applied make up , the dark shadows under her eyes are still visible up close . 
 `` it probably does n't really . 
 i doubted it before . '' 
 then she carefully flicks the dirt off her tan ugg boots . 
 i want to kick her away from me , but i have no strength anymore . 
 her hand reaches for my hair , touching the ends . 
 `` what 's with the hair colour ? '' 
 `` i got bored with black . 
 a bit of red gives it some edge . '' 
 `` it really suits you . '' 
 she smiles , and i almost smile back . 
 somehow , i find hilarity in how casual our conversation is . 
 that is if you 're not going to take into account the fact that i 'm a freaking prisoner . 
 `` where 's lennox ? '' 
 faye raises an eyebrow . 
 then she stands . 
 `` he 's in the other room . '' 
 `` what is this place ? '' 
 `` do you like it ? '' 
 what 's there to like ? 
 `` no . '' 
 my mother has the audacity to laugh . 
 `` i know , right ? '' 
 she exclaims , like we are best buds and our minds are in synch . 
 `` thanks to your father , this is the only place left for us to hide . '' 
 us ? 
 `` i hate this place . 
 it 's so ... so ... i ca n't think of the proper word ... '' `` cheap ? 
 nauseating ? '' 
 like you . 
 she inclines her head . 
 `` unsophisticated . 
 that 's the word . 
 the smell of lager and cheap perfume makes me want to gag . '' 
 unsophisticated my ass . 
 enough of this . 
 `` what do you want from me ? '' 
 my voice is shaking with the effort of not kicking her in the groin . 
 i 'm breathing so fast with frustration . 
 `` you ? '' 
 if her smile gets any brighter , i might go blind . 
 `` i hate to break this to you , but not everything is about you , my dear . 
 though i wo n't blame you for thinking that . 
 your father doted on you too much . 
 he even led you believe you 're special . '' 
 i really hate her . 
 never thought i can hate her more than i already do . 
 `` anyway , i 'll give you a glimpse of what 's going to happen , shall i ? '' 
 she does n't wait for me to answer . 
 `` you are going to be the key -- or shall i say the knife that will pierce your father 's heart into a million pieces . 
 you see , he thinks it 's all right to knock someone up just to create his spawn . 
 he thinks it is okay to play with someone 's life , someone 's feelings . 
 he thinks he can fib all he wants and break hearts as if it means nothing . 
 he thinks it is fine to cast someone out of his life after use , like some piece of rubbish . '' 
 she pauses , taking deep breaths . 
 `` it 's not ! '' 
 i gape at her . 
 she 's hurt and she wants to teach my father some lessons ? 
 boo fucking hoo . 
 `` you 're not a gem either . '' 
 she shoots me a fiery look , taking a step closer . 
 `` what do you know ? 
 you 're always the centre of his mighty attention ! '' 
 she screeches , raining spit down on me . 
 it 's disgusting . 
 not for the first time , i ca n't believe i was born from this psycho . 
 `` now then , faye ... '' my head whips to my right when i hear the voice -- both unfamiliar and familiar at the same time . 
 i recognise the tone , the way you might recognise an artist 's voice in the radio , singing a song he 's never played before . 
 it throws me off a bit , trying to match the voice to a picture in my head , but i ca n't get a fit . 
 and then i see his face . 
 i have n't seen this man before , but i have seen his face in someone 's memory . 
 `` you should n't let the child get to you . '' 
 i 'm not a child , but i do n't say it out loud . 
 he walks ... no , swaggers towards us . 
 my heart sinks down into my stomach . 
 as he comes closer , the question i 'm refusing to ask myself burns inside my head like acid , eating my brain , paralysing my nerves . 
 paralysing me . 
 i want to ... cry . 
 `` hello . 
 the last time i saw you , you could barely lift your head up . '' 
 his smile is genuine . 
 he looks a lot like my mother , only his hair is darker , curling around the back of his neck . 
 but their eyes are similar . 
 `` you probably do n't know me . 
 i 'm isaac . '' 
 i just stare up at him , speechless , dreading his next words . 
 i can feel the huge lump of fear clogging my throat . 
 i ca n't fucking breathe . 
 `` do you really have to cuff her ? '' 
 isaac asks faye . 
 `` what ? 
 having a soft spot now ? 
 that face got to you as well ? '' 
 `` she 's my niece , you dippy . '' 
 `` she 's my daughter . 
 and she is also ian 's . '' 
 i do n't miss her use of present tense . 
 i feel a flash of hope . 
 `` ah ! 
 forget it . '' 
 isaac helps me up to my feet . 
 i do n't want him to touch me , so i try to squirm away , but obviously i can only go so far . 
 i hate the feel of his hands on my arms . 
 `` give me the key . 
 and that chair . '' 
 his low voice is pleasant and terrifying at the same time . 
 faye digs inside the pocket of her coat and hands the key over , before stomping away . 
 isaac makes a clicking sound with his tongue as he uncuffs me . 
 `` do n't try anything . 
 i do n't really have a soft spot . '' 
 it 's like an invitation . 
 i always reply to invites . 
 as soon as i feel the handcuffs loosen , i bring my foot to his shin , kicking him as hard as i can . 
 isaac falls on one knee with a grunt . 
 with a scream , i swing the handcuff and it hits him on his temple with so much force that he falls again on the floor . 
 i reach inside my boots , but of course my gun is gone , and i curse myself for forgetting and wasting those precious seconds . 
 suddenly there 's a hand on my hair and my face connects to the pole . 
 the pain is so blinding , i have to close my eyes for a moment . 
 i bring my right arm up and swing my elbow backwards . 
 i hear faye 's scream . 
 her grip on my hair slacks , but before i can pull away , i 've been tackled to the floor . 
 i feel a bunch of my hair rips from my scalp . 
 my left shoulder hits the carpet so hard , i 'm afraid i dislocated it . 
 but i do n't care . 
 i ca n't focus on the pain . 
 isaac 's body is crushing me . 
 i punch him , right on the side of his rib cage at the same time as i raise my knee up to his groin . 
 a rush of air -- his warm breath -- hits me on the face , and his weight shifts a bit , giving me enough space to manoeuvre my hips . 
 i roll the screw in my palm so the end sticks between my fore and middle fingers , and punch him again , aiming for his heart . 
 but he moves . 
 the force , the impact buries the screw into his flesh , near his left shoulder instead . 
 isaac shrieks . 
 he curses . 
 i manage to get free , and i 'm pushing myself up when he hooks one of his legs around mine and i 'm thrown down , flat on my stomach . 
 he 's too strong , as strong as my father , but he 's not going easy on me like my father did during training . 
 he straddles me from behind , grabbing my wrists together in a tight grip and pushing my face down on the floor . 
 i try to wiggle my fingers free , to get a proper grip , a proper touch so i can fry his brain , like what lennox did to one of those bastards in the apartment building , but i ca n't . 
 the more i move , the harder he presses my face down , suffocating me . 
 carpet fibres get inside my nose as i fight to breathe and i can taste them in my mouth , dusty and coarse like sand . 
 isaac is going to kill me , there 's no doubt about it . 
 tears sting my eyes . 
 `` what in the bleeding hell is wrong with you ? '' 
 someone tugs isaac off of me . 
 a pair of hands grabs me under my arms and lifts me up to my feet . 
 an arm wraps around my middle , holding me against a solid body that feels so familiar ... lennox ... life rushes back into my body . 
 before i can stop myself , i turn to face him , wrapping my arms around his neck . 
 for a split moment , i let the happiness of seeing him well and unharmed fill my every nerve ... not so gently , he pulls my arms away , until he has my wrists trapped behind me . 
 i do n't understand ... lennox refuses to meet my eyes . 
 i ca n't touch him . 
 i ca n't read his mind . 
 he can read mine , but he 's not talking . 
 his eyes are trained behind me . 
 `` it will kill ian more if he watches his precious daughter die in front of him , not find a daughter that 's already dead . '' 
 chapter twenty six i 'm going to be sick . 
 i think i have stopped breathing for a few minutes . 
 i probably have died with my eyes wide open because i can honestly feel my face turning grey . 
 and this is after something in me broke . 
 `` bollocks ! 
 we should kill her now , '' isaac growls . 
 `` look what she did to me . '' 
 he winces as his shaking fingers grip the end of the screw and he yanks . 
 `` argh ! '' 
 my ears are buzzing as if a swarm of incensed bees are going crazy inside my head . 
 my mind is unfocused . 
 my body is numb . 
 i do n't even feel it when lennox handcuffs me back to a chair . 
 i just let him . 
 i think it 's useless because i ca n't even bring myself to feel any anger or fury or betrayal . 
 `` you see ? 
 this is why i do n't like working with you ! '' 
 his voice jolts me . 
 i blink . 
 it feels like i just woke up from a nightmare , only to plunge into another one . 
 the haze lifts and i will my mind to concentrate . 
 his touch is firm but not brutally firm . 
 he 's careful . 
 i can fight him , but i know what he 's capable of , he can easily whisper me to sleep , and i do n't want that . 
 i notice that isaac is limping . 
 good . 
 faye is sitting on a chair , a good six feet away from me , cradling her broken nose . 
 blood drips from her hand , down the sleeve of her coat . 
 isaac turns to her , letting out an impatient sigh . 
 he whispers something to her , something about cleaning herself . 
 faye whines about her nose being broken , but isaac just holds up his hand as if to shut her up . 
 then he rolls up the sleeves of his shirt , exposing the tats on his arms . 
 they 're good tats . 
 intricate . 
 he must have spent hours under the needle for them . 
 my father does n't believe in the beauty of tattoos . 
 he hates them . 
 he thinks they 're inessential marks for cowards who are too scared to show real attitude . 
 i concur . 
 then i look at lennox as he walks to stand in front of me . 
 i wait for the pain to consume me , and when it finally comes , it comes in waves . 
 no amount of preparation can help me . 
 my chest literally hurts -- bone-crushing-soul-burning pain . 
 i guess i did love this boy . 
 it 's stupid on my part . 
 to keep my sanity , i focus on the strong urge to hurt him back , make him feel and look like a fool -- like what he did to me . 
 there 's a part of me that wants to blame myself for not seeing him for what he really is , for turning a blind eye , but i quickly stop it before i start feeling sorry for myself . 
 i shove the pain somewhere deep within me , in that place where i keep all my unwanted emotions . 
 i will not make the same mistake again . 
 i will not make the same mistake again . 
 i will kill him myself . 
 i watch him , drink everything about him in , harden myself to the feelings his presence evokes . 
 his whole body is angled towards isaac , pretty much ignoring me . 
 he has a few fresh bruises and cuts on his face , but other than those , there 's nothing on his face that gives away any of his emotions , if he 's feeling any . 
 his expression is as neutral as a judge 's . 
 i close my eyes for a minute . 
 when i reopen my eyes , he 's looking at me . 
 i have to get my shit together . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 it 's a stupid question , but it just stumbles out . 
 good thing i manage to keep my voice steady and polite , which is a miracle since i feel nothing but anger inside . 
 `` you know what . '' 
 the coldness of his voice seeps through me and my back involuntarily stiffens as though i 've been drenched by a bucketful of freezing water . 
 i force myself to even my breathing . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` you know why . '' 
 right . 
 that 's it . 
 it 's either he lied about his feelings or his hatred towards my father is far stronger . 
 i laugh a little . 
 the second possibility does n't even make sense . 
 he raises an eyebrow in silent question , but i do n't bother to answer . 
 why should i ? 
 to make a fool of myself once again ? 
 to make him aware one more time that i 'll always find an excuse for him because i ca n't help it ? 
 `` i do n't think she knows why . '' 
 i incline my head towards isaac . 
 `` believe me , she knows , '' says lennox . 
 his voice has a certain edge . 
 suddenly , i feel a vibration inside me . 
 i feel like a dam that 's about to burst . 
 i fight to keep my temper in control , in check . 
 do n't lose it . 
 `` what i want to know is why you , my dear uncle , want to kill my father ? '' 
 i ask in a voice dripping with sarcastic politeness . 
 isaac grins . 
 `` i do n't like him . 
 simple as that . '' 
 `` he does n't like you either . '' 
 i match his smile , only mine is brighter . 
 next , i turn to faye , who is just coming out of the toilet with a wad of toilet paper pressed against her nose . 
 `` he does n't like you too , but i guess you already know that . 
 do you know what he said the moment you left ? 
 there is a god . '' 
 faye flinches , as if i 've slapped her . 
 i turn back to isaac . 
 `` where 's robin ? '' 
 i innocently ask before i widen my eyes in mock horror . 
 `` oh , i forgot . 
 she 's dead . '' 
 `` that 's a lie ! '' 
 that 's it . 
 that 's what i 'm looking for -- isaac 's eyes blazing with simmering anger , mixed with turmoil and panic that what he suspects is true . 
 he looks so much like my mother when he 's angry . 
 `` do n't mourn her . 
 you should know that before she died , she threw herself at my dad . '' 
 the back of isaac 's hand hits me across the face . 
 the impact is so solid ; i reel and almost topple to the side . 
 i have this insane urge to laugh but i stop myself because i can taste blood and it 's starting to fill my mouth . 
 my head snaps back up , my eyes sweeping from lennox -- his lips pressed into thin line , and even though his hands are stuffed inside his pockets , i can see that they are knotted into fists -- to my very livid uncle . 
 `` that 's why you do n't like my dad , '' i say triumphantly . 
 then i fake a frown , to taunt him more . 
 `` do n't be so unreasonable . 
 being second best is n't that bad . '' 
 if isaac 's body can get any more rigid , he 'll probably turn into a giant rock . 
 his nostrils flare and he reminds me of a bull . 
 he takes a step closer , with pure murder in his eyes . 
 `` please , let 's just get on with this , shall we ? '' 
 lennox exclaims all of a sudden . 
 `` he 's awake , by the way . 
 that 's why i came in here . '' 
 who 's awake ? 
 isaac is breathing hard , his hand paused mid-air , and his body is shaking with suppressed rage . 
 so robin was a sensitive subject . 
 he balls his hand into a tight fist and swiftly lowers it to his side . 
 his eyes are glistening with unshed tears , and i ca n't believe it . 
 without meaning to , i feel sorry for him . 
 falling for someone who wanted another is not very nice . 
 falling for someone who wanted another and died because of it is worse . 
 `` i 'll take her . '' 
 isaac quickly removes and refastens my handcuff . 
 his grip on my arm is not gentle at all as he drags me up to my feet , pulling me towards the double doors at the end of the room . 
 lennox casts me a quick look as i walk past him . 
 it 's a look that i ca n't explain , but something about that look makes my heart hammer and my body temperature drop . 
 i know he 's following us , together with faye , from their footsteps . 
 unlike isaac , those two do n't know the meaning of the word stealth . 
 i try to squirm out of isaac 's hold , but his clutch only tightens more -- his fingers digging into my skin . 
 i ca n't tell the time because the windows are tinted dark , but i could n't have been gone that long . 
 midday -- that 's my guess , otherwise this place would be open to the public and the lack of patrons confirms it . 
 there 's no noise from the outside either . 
 this place is completely shut , which scares me a little bit . 
 isaac pushes the double doors open and we enter a small lobby . 
 he hauls me across it , past two tall men dressed in black , towards another door at the far end of the room . 
 it 's a lot lighter out here . 
 there 's daylight streaming in through a window above another door to my left . 
 there 's also a skylight above , i can tell from the shadows on the white tiled floor . 
 the lack of posters on the walls is a let-down , there 's nothing here that gives me even a slight idea about the location of this place . 
 as we enter the other room , i 'm assaulted by a musty smell . 
 that 's the first thing i notice . 
 second : the two guards standing by the door and the row of slot machines on the wall -- 16 altogether , plus the 4 oval tables and 6 half-circular tables with plush chairs . 
 i 'm just beginning to conclude that this room is bigger than the last one and it 's a pathetic excuse for a casino , when i notice a small stage next to a grand piano . 
 and on the stage , there are three men . 
 one is sitting on a chair with his shoulders hunched and his head bent low ... oh god ... no ... all my hopes collapse around me . 
 i think i hear someone whimper , then i realise it is me . 
 i would 've run forward if isaac was n't holding me in place with his vice-like grip . 
 my head feels like it 's going to explode , and slowly , as my fury spreads , my whole body shakes like it 's ready to detonate . 
 without thinking , i slam my head against isaac and hit him right on his jaw and ear . 
 he curses , loud and crisp , but he does n't let go of my arm . 
 in fact , he yanks me backwards and i slam against the wall , hitting my head . 
 the pain is excruciating . 
 i ca n't stop the scream from bursting out of me . 
 i hear a shout , `` do that again and i will fucking kill you , then rip you apart ! '' 
 isaac laughs . 
 `` oh look ! '' 
 he sneers close to my left ear . 
 `` there 's daddy . '' 
 i swear if , no , when i get out of here , i will nail him to a tree then claw his eyes out and feed them to the pigs . 
 and it 's only fair that he should know what to expect , so i say it out loud . 
 he lifts my chin up and looks me in the eye . 
 `` i 'm not afraid of you , little girl , '' he whispers , letting go of my chin with a jerk . 
 i feel a prickle of fear . 
 isaac is unpredictable , unsteady . 
 i can see it in his eyes . 
 this is what makes him dangerous . 
 my vision is getting really blurry , and no matter how many times i shake my head , it wo n't clear up . 
 i fight to stay conscious . 
 `` what now , ian ? 
 are you going to tell me where robin is ? '' 
 `` robin ? 
 you 're keeping him alive to ask where the hell robin is ? '' 
 faye asks . 
 isaac ignores her . 
 `` i know you have her , you fucking cunt . '' 
 my father does n't answer . 
 from the corner of my eyes , i see lennox jump up on the tiny stage and take a couple of long steps towards my father . 
 before i can scream for him to stop , he punches my father on the face . 
 i flinch . 
 dad groans and shakes his head repeatedly . 
 then he gives lennox a sidelong glance . 
 `` you do n't look so good , '' dad says , eyeing lennox from head to toe . 
 `` neither do you . 
 but i 'll be all right . 
 you and her ... '' lennox inclines his head towards me . 
 `` ... not so much . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 isaac rakes his hand through his hair . 
 `` i 'll let you both go . 
 just tell me where she is . '' 
 dad rolls his eyes , as if to say he 's not an idiot . 
 `` they know . 
 everyone knows what you did and what you 're planning to do . 
 yuki is on her way here . 
 there 's no place here on earth where they ca n't find you . '' 
 isaac goes quiet , but i can feel his body shake . 
 it 's practically vibrating against me . 
 my father sighs then says in a reproachful voice , `` gone a little greedy , have n't you ? 
 was it worth it , betraying malcolm ? 
 but betraying your own father ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 faye 's shrill voice echoes around the room . 
 it 's like metal scraping against metal . 
 `` my own father was plotting my death ! '' 
 isaac hisses . 
 his cold fingers encircle my arm , squeezing it harder . 
 `` the only way to bring him down is to bring you all down ! '' 
 dad only shrugs in response . 
 isaac bends my arm so hard that a cry escapes me . 
 dad stiffens on his chair . 
 `` i 'm going to ask you one last time , mate . 
 where is robin ? '' 
 `` she 's dead . '' 
 isaac twists my arm until i can almost feel my bones break he 's breathing hard . 
 i can hear each inhale and exhale . 
 his heart is pounding like a hammer against my shoulder . 
 `` fine , then . 
 i do n't see the point of delaying , '' isaac says , hurling me forward with so much force , i careen towards the foot of the small stage . 
 i ca n't even catch myself with my hands tied behind me and i 'm already feeling unbalanced from the sight of my father as helpless as me , so there 's nothing else i can do but stumble and fall , hitting the floor with a pained grunt . 
 i hear my father growl . 
 i look up at him and gasp . 
 he 's also handcuffed to a chair . 
 there 's blood on his right ear , down his neck and on his chest . 
 his shirt has been torn open and one of his sleeves is almost ripped off . 
 i want to reach for him , save him . 
 `` elle , everything is going to be okay , '' he whispers loud enough for me to hear . 
 i want to believe him desperately , but i do n't see any way out of this fucking mess . 
 `` darling , listen to me and stop crying ... '' i was n't even aware that i 'm crying . 
 then i feel the tears as they freely run down my face , hot and fast . 
 i feel my spirit break . 
 i bite my lower lip to stop it from trembling , to stop my sobs from escaping . 
 he told me to stop crying . 
 i must stop crying . 
 but every fear that i suppress comes flooding into me , through me , so that i 'm finding it difficult to breathe . 
 mother is not coming back , is she ? 
 without warning , a memory fills my head of when i was a little girl , and i 'm helpless to stop it . 
 i was on my father 's lap , painting his face with black spots . 
 we were in the lounge in our house in new york , and he was on his favourite armchair , holding my tub of paint in his left hand , his right hand stroking my hair . 
 dad shook his head , and the paint smeared across his nose . 
 i glared at him , narrowing my eyes in dismay . 
 he chuckled . 
 but it was a sad chuckle . 
 i 'm afraid that 's right , darling . 
 i cleaned the smear away with my tiny hand , concentrating on that simple task , trying to ignore the feeling of being abandoned . 
 you do appreciate why she had to leave , right ? 
 because she does n't understand , i softly replied . 
 i dipped my brush in the tub . 
 that 's right . 
 you 'll be fine , though . 
 i will take care of you . 
 you are my life , after all . 
 he gathered me in his arms and i pressed the side of my face on his chest , listening to his heart . 
 the pounding was strong , solid . 
 i knew then that he meant his words . 
 i felt him kiss the top of my head . 
 i lifted my face up and he kissed me on the forehead . 
 you are my life , he repeated . 
 and now i 'm his death . 
 ***** isaac grabs me again by the hair , pulling me up on my feet . 
 i try to twist around -- not bothering if my hair gets ripped off my scalp -- so i can kick him in his nuts , but he 's quick . 
 he kicks me in the back of my legs . 
 i fall onto my knees , screaming in pain . 
 `` no ! 
 you fucking bastard ! '' 
 my father screams . 
 his face is flush . 
 he kicks out and pulls on his cuffs , trying to break out of his chair . 
 the chair bounces , but something is holding it down on the floor . 
 i hold my breath when i feel the tip of a gun on the back of my head . 
 suddenly , i feel cold , as if my soul is already losing hope and leaving my body even before i 'm dead . 
 somewhere in the background , i hear my mother gasp , and involuntarily i feel a glimmer of hope . 
 but nothing comes after . 
 no words to stop her brother from murdering her only child . 
 dad turns to me . 
 `` elle , look at me ... '' again , lennox balls his right hand into fist and slams it against my father 's jaw . 
 i see dad 's head loll sideways , and i ca n't stop myself from crying out . 
 `` oh no , you do n't . 
 you 're watching this . '' 
 lennox walks around the chair and grabs my father by the hair , tilting his head back . 
 `` this is for killing my parents . '' 
 dad keeps his lips pressed tight . 
 he looks at me , and i see no fear in his eyes . 
 he narrows them , as if he 's trying to tell me something , but it 's gone in a second , in a flash that i think i have imagined it . 
 `` and fyi , your princess is nothing to me but a delectable piece of ass , '' lennox adds . 
 `` fuck you ! '' 
 i scream . 
 `` fuck me ? 
 and that you did , darling . '' 
 isaac 's laugh rockets round the room . 
 next thing i hear , he 's praising lennox for being naughty . 
 i feel mortified , humiliated . 
 i feel dirty . 
 my stomach turns over the same moment my already broken heart breaks into a thousand pieces more like a jigsaw puzzle , if that 's even possible . 
 it 's all i can do not to whither . 
 `` let your niece go , isaac . 
 your war is with me , '' dad beseeches . 
 i have never seen him beg and mean it . 
 when he pleads with me , it 's not always sincere . 
 and most of the time , he 's being sarcastic . 
 when he does n't get a response from isaac , he turns to faye . 
 `` faye , she 's your daughter , for christ 's sake . '' 
 `` she 's not my daughter . 
 you broke my heart , so i will break yours . '' 
 dad 's face contorts with disgust . 
 `` you broke my heart a long time ago when you rejected her . '' 
 i hear isaac 's long , impatient sigh . 
 `` your fucking drama is fucking boring me . 
 i 'm ending this now . 
 say goodbye to your daughter you son of a bitch . '' 
 my eyes seek lennox , and i ca n't stop myself . 
 after all this , why do i want to look into his eyes before i die ? 
 sometimes love stops you from thinking straight , blocks your good instinct . 
 that 's what my father told me , a few years back . 
 i thought he was talking about his experience , and maybe he was , but now i realise it was a warning for me . 
 he told me not to let my guard down , but i did . 
 i hear the click of the safety coming off . 
 `` i 'm sorry , dad . '' 
 i close my eyes . 
 chapter twenty seven the gun explodes , but i do n't feel any pain . 
 maybe i 'm already dead . 
 i never gave it any thought -- how i would like to die -- but this is n't so bad , i guess . 
 it 's swift and painless . 
 now i get why many soulless criminals , when they 'd rather die than get caught , point a gun into their mouths instead of slicing their wrists open . 
 because they know , their black souls know . 
 faye is screaming . 
 instinctively , i look over my shoulder , wondering why she is making that loud animal noise , as though she 's in agony . 
 that 's when i see isaac -- lifeless on the floor . 
 blood oozes from the wound on his forehead . 
 his arms are spread out . 
 the gun just lies limp in his right hand . 
 at first , i think my mind is playing a sick joke on me , but i ca n't deny the smell of blood in the air . 
 it seems to flow right to me . 
 my eyes are wide with disbelief . 
 the more i stare at him , the more the sounds around me seem to fade into the background . 
 i blink . 
 and he 's still dead . 
 and i 'm not . 
 faye sprints towards isaac with that crazy determination in her wild eyes , as if she has found a way to bring him back to life . 
 as though there 's something she can do for him . 
 maybe there is . 
 the gun is just right there , waiting for someone to pick it up and use it . 
 i have to get to that gun first . 
 how -- with my hands still tied together -- i have no clue . 
 air softly flicks my hair as a bullet whizzes past my ear and hits her on the thigh . 
 i jump and gasp in surprise . 
 she falls , screeching in pain , just a couple of steps away from isaac , her arm stretched out for him . 
 as if someone suddenly unmutes the noises , i hear the popping sounds of gunshots . 
 without waiting for anyone to tell me , i forget about my mother and dive to the floor , which is stupid when i should have run for cover . 
 i turn my face to my left , so i 'm looking at my father , who 's no longer tied to the chair and calmly aiming at those men at the door , as if they 're nothing but target practice . 
 maybe they are , because by the look on my father 's face , there 's no way in hell they 're going to get any form of humane treatment from him whatsoever . 
 i see lennox jump down from the podium . 
 his body is hunched over as he runs towards me , and the first thing that comes to my mind is why he 's still alive . 
 dad is picking out those twits and not lennox , and he 's getting closer and closer . 
 i scramble up , ready to fight him with everything i have ... but someone grabs me from behind . 
 i swallow my scream as i feel the tip of a knife poke my spine . 
 lennox reels back in surprise . 
 fear comes through loud and clear on his face . 
 then i understand . 
 but i ca n't think about it right now , because my mother 's breath is hot against my neck as she cowers behind me , using me as a shield . 
 `` get up , '' she says in her trembling voice . 
 first , my right leg pushes my body up , and as i gain my balance , my left leg follows . 
 faye pulls me harder , closer to her and i feel the sting of the knife pricking my skin . 
 she 's holding me by my hair , like i 'm some stray dog she 's about to toss in a cage . 
 with her size , injury and the way her body shakes with fear , it will be easy to disarm her . 
 but i wait . 
 `` faye , do n't do anything stupid or i 'll wring your pretty neck . '' 
 i realise that the shooting has stopped and everyone else is dead , apart from us four . 
 dad has his gun and his other hand up in a gesture of surrender . 
 it occurs to me that he wants her alive ; otherwise , he will aim at that tiny spot just above my shoulder . 
 faye scoffs rudely in response . 
 i stare hard at my father , willing him to look at me . 
 and when he briefly does , i narrow my eyes and spread my legs apart . 
 `` let her go . 
 just let her walk away , '' dad says softly . 
 `` please ... '' it does n't escape my notice that he does n't tell her he will let her go . 
 i can hear faye 's faint sobs . 
 she steps back , pulling me with her . 
 and the tip of the knife does n't leave my back , not even for a second . 
 dad take a step forward ... `` stay right there ! '' 
 faye screams , and i wince as the knife pricks me again . 
 this time , i can feel the blood run down my skin . 
 my eyes dart at lennox . 
 he 's watching us with dread-filled eyes . 
 he inches closer , slowly , not taking his eyes off me . 
 i think he 's after the gun on the floor , but he 's still a good few steps away from it . 
 it 's a bad idea . 
 i shake my head a little . 
 faye skirts around to avoid tripping on isaac 's body . 
 my boots make a squishy sound when i step on the pool of blood . 
 i consider pretending to slip , to give my father that opportunity to shoot and disable her -- permanently this time , i hope -- but the thought of falling and soaking my clothes in isaac 's blood is too disgusting . 
 it makes my skin crawl . 
 i discard the idea altogether . 
 i swallow hard . 
 `` why did n't you love me ? '' 
 i ask softly . 
 faye stops . 
 lennox is frozen in the act of taking another step . 
 he knows faye and the look on his face tells me he is not certain it was wise to ask her that question . 
 but it 's too late now . 
 faye lets go of my hair , sliding her hand down to my shoulder . 
 she whimpers -- a short , soft whimper . 
 i wish i can see her face . 
 `` i tried , honey . 
 i did try . '' 
 i do n't know what i expected her to say , but that was not it . 
 she tried . 
 i let the thought roll around in my head . 
 `` lenny , i 'm very disappointed in you , '' faye says . 
 `` how could you ? 
 he murdered your mum and dad . '' 
 lennox does n't answer . 
 `` you love her , do n't you ? 
 and , for her , you 're willing to forget what happened in the past . '' 
 lennox opens his mouth then shuts it again . 
 after a few seconds , he finally says , `` i choose not to live in the past . 
 you can do it too . 
 you do n't have to do this . 
 it 's not too late yet . '' 
 `` i 'm afraid it 's already too late , and you know that . '' 
 her fingers dig into my shoulder . 
 then i feel my back tear open as she pushes the knife into me . 
 chapter twenty eight `` no ! '' 
 dad roars . 
 i feel a searing pain . 
 it engulfs me , as if my body has caught fire and i gasp , losing focus for a while . 
 i do n't know exactly for how long . 
 my body arches forward , but faye holds me still . 
 her nails are buried deep in my shoulder . 
 i hear my father scream something , but the pain seems to dull everything around me except the agony it gives . 
 somehow , i find the strength to pull away , and i start to run with no particular direction in mind . 
 but my legs give away and i stumble . 
 my father rushes towards me , bullets flying out of his gun . 
 i close my eyes as the floor comes up to meet me . 
 ***** but lennox catches me . 
 we both crash down , him on his knees and me on his lap . 
 i look up at him . 
 his beautiful blue eyes are brimming with tears , blazing intensely with fear . 
 he looks stunned . 
 i try to say something , but instead of words , blood comes out of my mouth . 
 i choke and cough it out . 
 `` oh god , oh god ... shhhh ... do n't talk . 
 i 'm here . '' 
 i do n't know exactly how i look , but it must be pretty bad considering his alarmed expression . 
 he wipes the blood off my chin . 
 his thumb rubs the corner of my mouth . 
 i concentrate on his touch , the softness in his caress rather than the blinding pain that rocks my body . 
 i thought i was never going to feel his touch again . 
 `` it was just an act , darling . 
 it was just an act . '' 
 i try to reach behind me , to touch my back , but even that is an effort . 
 my arms are still tied together , but they 're lifeless behind me . 
 they seem so heavy . 
 my eyes seem as heavy ... `` elle , look at me . '' 
 my eyes flutter open and i see my father 's horrified face . 
 that look scares me . 
 it 's so unshuttered and raw . 
 so full of fear , it 's completely out of his character . 
 perhaps i really do look bad , like dying-bad . 
 maybe there 's no hope . 
 i hold back my tears . 
 suddenly , my arms are free , but i ca n't move them . 
 dad takes his shirt off . 
 i grit my teeth as he ties it tight around my body . 
 my body must have gone stiff because the look of concern on his face intensifies , as his hands work faster , with more urgency . 
 it hurts like hell . 
 it really , honestly hurts like hell ... `` took you forever to work that key , '' lennox says . 
 dad snaps his head up . 
 `` what ? '' 
 they exchange a look . 
 `` you 're getting way too old for this . '' 
 for a moment , i think my dad is going to bite lennox 's head off . 
 then in a sarcasm filled tone , he says , `` there was a gun on my daughter 's head . 
 i 'm sorry if my hand was a little shaky . '' 
 despite the agony that i 'm in , i manage to smile . 
 `` let 's get out of here , '' dad says . 
 he looks into my eyes . 
 `` darling , i 'm going to whisper you to sleep , okay ? '' 
 he does n't wait for me to answer yes . 
 chapter twenty nine please , elle . 
 come back ... lennox holds elle 's hand in a firm grip . 
 he will give anything to feel her squeeze his hand back . 
 it 's been nearly 24 hours since she was last awake . 
 he needs to know that she 's going to be all right . 
 it 's the only thing that will free him from this torture that he keeps inflicting on himself -- this printed memory of elle , hurt and afraid , in his brain -- playing in a constant loop . 
 `` anything ? '' 
 lennox jumps a little in his seat and wonders how ian can just creep into the room without a sound . 
 elle has the same habit and he did find it disconcerting at first but he eventually got used to it . 
 but with ian , it 's still a work in progress . 
 the air in the room shifts as soon as ian steps in , but not in an awkward way like it used to be . 
 apart from the smell of his aftershave and a hint of smoke , ian sends out this powerful presence . 
 lennox can feel it on his skin . 
 he can also feel the understanding between them , and most of all , their respect for each other . 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` just random things ... dreams . 
 this time , it 's when she first learned how to swim . '' 
 the corners of ian 's lips lift into a smile . 
 `` i remember that . 
 she was only five and we were in miami . 
 i threw her in the pool . 
 she flapped like a wet bird . '' 
 he laughs softly . 
 `` and that same night , she poured a glass of icy water on my face while i slept . '' 
 lennox ca n't help but laugh a little . 
 `` i was livid . 
 but as you would probably expect , elle found it quite hilarious . '' 
 ian sits on the edge of the bed . 
 lennox leans back in his chair and watches as ian strokes elle 's hair in that affectionate , caring way that you 'd never expect someone like him to do . 
 when jack talked about ian , it was always with respect born out of fear . 
 so lennox had always had this picture of ian that was akin to a devil . 
 he closes his eyes to change that picture . 
 `` i 've been meaning to thank you ... '' lennox tries to decipher the tone of ian 's voice , making sure he 's not hearing things . 
 he 's not . 
 and he 's so surprised that his heart skips a beat . 
 surprise could literally kill . 
 `` for what ? '' 
 `` for doing what you did . '' 
 lennox ca n't seem to think of what to say for a moment . 
 `` i let them beat you into a pulp . '' 
 `` now that 's exaggerating . 
 i did n't turn into a pulp . '' 
 lennox can hardly hide his surprise . 
 ian is joking with him . 
 back then , it also surprised him how quickly ian believed him , how he agreed to his plan without a single question . 
 he feared for his own life when he saw the murder in ian 's eyes , when he told him about elle . 
 but by some miracle -- ian listened , and chose to ignore that his security system was deliberately tampered to get him back into his house that was crawling with isaac 's men . 
 that was the tricky part -- stopping ian from killing them all . 
 he had to put four of them to sleep , to keep them alive long enough to make isaac believe that they succeeded . 
 from there , it went from bad to worse . 
 elle was in bad shape when he found her . 
 he nearly threw the plan out the window and killed isaac himself , but there 'd always been a part of him that wanted to save faye , wanted her to see what kind of monster her brother was . 
 a monster she adored more than she did her own daughter . 
 he was a fool to think she would have had a change of heart and picked elle . 
 and that part of him is now filled with guilt , and not because he could n't save her . 
 but that guilt pales in comparison to the pain in his soul . 
 elle believed his act . 
 he caused her physical and emotional pain . 
 and he has absolutely no idea how he 's going to rectify it . 
 `` about your mother ... '' lennox shakes his head . 
 `` do n't go there . 
 that 's in the past now . '' 
 forgetting it is not easy , but it does n't have any part in his future , if his future is elle . 
 `` all right . '' 
 ***** gasp . 
 my eyes flutter open . 
 jesus , i feel like i 've been run over by a bus and been left in the middle of the desert . 
 every bone and muscle in my body aches , and my throat is parched . 
 i 'm lying on my side and i can feel a sharp throb in my back . 
 it hurts like a motherfucker . 
 everything that happened comes flooding back , bit by bit . 
 my pain doubles . 
 i open my mouth to call out , but my lips only manage to form a silent dad . 
 i know he 's fine . 
 i can remember him lifting me up before he whispered me to sleep . 
 i 'm not sure if i should be mad at him -- we promised not to use our ability to each other -- but what the hell ? 
 i close my eyes back shut to process . 
 someone 's holding my hand , and even before i scan the content of his brain -- i know its lennox . 
 i 'm overwhelmed with a feeling so intense , i ca n't explain it . 
 i ca n't even put a name on it . 
 i look at him . 
 he 's asleep . 
 his head is on his arm , angled towards me , and just like before , his presence , his face , makes my insides constrict and makes me forget how to breathe for a few seconds . 
 he 's having some kind of dream , his eyes are moving rapidly beneath their lids , but i ca n't follow its flow properly . 
 my mind is still pretty jumbled up . 
 to calm my nerves , i look out the window . 
 the sun is not up yet but there 's already an orange hue in the sky . 
 i can hear faint sounds of traffic , which means we 're still in london , but not in that flat in belgravia . 
 of course not . 
 that building has burned to the ground , last time i 'm aware . 
 i 'm not in a hospital either , that much i know . 
 the lack of disinfectant and antibacterial hand gel smell tells me so . 
 and i doubt that hospital windows will have period architraves , beautiful panelled shutters and window seats . 
 and the bed -- though the linen is plain white , this bed is too big and too comfortable . 
 the pillows under my head and pressed against my back are too thick and fluffy . 
 i 'm sure i have never been in this room before , as i will definitely remember a nice place like this . 
 i 'm guessing we 're in mayfair . 
 dad did mention he bought an overpriced house near the us embassy quite recently . 
 you know ... in case things go so horribly wrong that i need another form of protection , consular protection to be precise , at least i 'm only a few blocks away . 
 that 's my father . 
 he 's always a step ahead . 
 as much as i want to explore the rest of the place , i ca n't seem to make myself move . 
 i just want to concentrate on one thing -- the one thing that is so significant , i ca n't ignore it anymore -- lennox 's fingers tangled with mine . 
 he did n't betray me . 
 i focus on this . 
 i let myself be washed with relief . 
 though i 'm a little angry because he did n't give me a tiny hint , a small preview in my mind of what he was up to , i understand why he had to do it . 
 at least i think i do . 
 but the reason i 'm lying on this bed keeps poking the back of my brain . 
 and the harder i try not to think about it , the harder i try to ignore it , the more persistent it gets . 
 i have n't forgotten it , though i wish i have , as much as i wish it did n't happen . 
 and i knew it 's a fool 's errand , and i 'm going to be honest with myself now though it 's too late -- i wanted to win my mother back . 
 i must have wanted it deep inside me , but i was too proud to admit it to anyone or to myself . 
 but when i was presented with the opportunity to understand her , to make her see -- no matter how slim the chances were -- i took it . 
 but like the classic i told you so scene , things ended up far worse than i ever imagined . 
 my own mother , my own flesh and blood , plunged a knife into my body . 
 it was her intention to kill me . 
 how can i come back from that ? 
 i notice lennox lift his head up and look at me , after i feel his hold on my hand tighten . 
 `` hey , hey , it 's okay . 
 it 's okay ... '' he coos , wiping my cheeks just underneath my eyes . 
 his eyes are filled with anxiety . 
 `` does it hurt ? '' 
 i realise that i 'm crying . 
 i realise that he 's asking about my back . 
 i try to shake my head , but even that -- i also realise -- is hard work . 
 `` i can up the pain killers , but you might overdose . '' 
 i 'm about to tell him it 's not my back , but i stop . 
 i do n't feel like explaining why i 'm sobbing like a baby . 
 i quickly block my thoughts , round about the same time he tries to read me . 
 his eyes fill with various emotions other than worry . 
 he squeezes my hand , as if to tell me he understands . 
 then he slowly pulls his hand away , lifting my head up a little as he brings a glass of water to my lips . 
 `` ian will be back soon . 
 he went out to drive the doctor home and to take care of some stuff . '' 
 my breath catches . 
 lennox just called my father by his name . 
 he never calls my father by his first name , not until now . 
 i stare at him -- eyes wide with surprise . 
 wow . 
 he stands , and i see a pillow and a blanket on the chair . 
 i feel like crying all over again . 
 it 's stupid . 
 `` do you want something else ? '' 
 i want to ask him what the doctor was doing here really early , but i only manage to croak a word , `` no . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 he 's fidgeting . 
 he seems unsure whether to sit back down or leave . 
 it kills me more that we 've gone back to being awkward . 
 `` stay , '' i say in a weak voice . 
 i 'm so tired , i can barely speak . 
 lennox nods and slowly takes his chair back . 
 he 's staring at me with that look of relief . 
 there are so many things that i want to ask , but they seem irrelevant . 
 it seems like i already know the answers . 
 perhaps i do . 
 `` some decisions and choices are not as easy as left or right , '' says lennox . 
 `` i did n't tell you because i wanted your anger to be real , so isaac would n't suspect ... '' `` stop ... i ... '' i swallow hard . 
 `` ... know . '' 
 `` if i knew it would get that far ... '' he pauses . 
 `` i 'm sorry i did n't try . 
 there were too many of them . 
 i 'm so sorry about faye ... '' i 'm sorry too . 
 `` lennox ... i ... love you . '' 
 his face is a picture , an abstract of mixed feelings . 
 he 's so beautiful . 
 he kisses me on the forehead . 
 `` i love you too , '' he whispers . 
 `` i love you too . '' 
 he cups my face , smiling at me like everything is going to be all right . 
 and it will . 
 i 'm sure of it . 
 i can feel it . 
 i close my eyes . 
 `` go back to sleep , elle . 
 we 'll talk more later . '' 
 ***** lennox is n't by my side when i wake up . 
 in fact , i 'm alone in the room . 
 there 's a cold breeze coming from somewhere , but the window is closed . 
 then i get a whiff of cigarette smoke . 
 i follow the smell . 
 the balcony door is partially open and the curtains are blowing softly . 
 i see my father standing outside . 
 his body is angled towards the door , but his face is looking outward , away . 
 he 's wearing his typical clothes -- black shirt and black jeans . 
 i watch him bring his cigarette to his lips , watch him take a long drag , watch him blow the smoke from the corner of his lips and sigh . 
 as if he can sense me watching him , he turns his head and looks straight at me . 
 immediately , he squashes what 's left of his fag on the rail and flicks it over before coming back into the room , walking towards me purposefully . 
 `` you 're smoking again , '' i say . 
 amusement replaces the concern in his eyes . 
 `` how long is it going to take this time ? '' 
 `` i 'll probably keep the habit , since you 're constantly stressing me out . '' 
 i smile . 
 i never believed , not for a second , that he stopped smoking anyway . 
 dad sits on the edge of the bed then leans down to kiss me on the cheek . 
 `` god , elle ! 
 you almost killed me there . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` but you 're okay now . '' 
 he breathes in then blows the air out . 
 is he trying not to cry ? 
 `` however , you 're going to have a nasty scar on your back . '' 
 `` great . '' 
 he helps me up , arranging the pillows to support my back without squashing my wound . 
 the pain is still there , but it 's not so bad . 
 it only really hurts when i move . 
 i sigh when i find a comfortable position . 
 dad hands me a glass of water and i drink half of it . 
 `` would you like some food ? '' 
 i nod . 
 dad leaves the room . 
 a little later , he comes back with a tray of food -- soup and bread , some blackberries and grapes , and a cup of coffee . 
 it 's a weird selection , but food preparation is not my father 's strong point . 
 i eat . 
 he sits on the same chair that lennox has occupied earlier or yesterday , i 'm not sure . 
 i could have been asleep for hours or days , i 'm not sure either . 
 he watches me while i stuff my face with fruits , and i watch him back . 
 i realise he looks better . 
 the cut on his lower lip has n't healed properly yet , but other than that , he looks fine . 
 more than fine . 
 he looks ... perfect . 
 as always . 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 i ask him anyway . 
 he smiles . 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 `` you looked awful back there . '' 
 dad does n't respond straight away , as if he 's dreading where this conversation is heading . 
 `` most of it was n't my blood , '' he finally answers , looking at me straight in the eyes . 
 he crosses his legs . 
 `` i 've decided to go off the grid . '' 
 i almost choke on my soup . 
 `` you 're retiring ? '' 
 i ca n't hide the doubt in my voice . 
 `` might do , '' he says with a casual shrug . 
 `` i did enough killing this month to last me a lifetime . '' 
 that 's a shocker . 
 i 'm sorry , but i do n't believe him . 
 he has said it himself -- he did a lot of killing . 
 i can not imagine him sitting at home all day doing nothing or working on some farm that he bought . 
 apart from the fact that it will look weird , i know for sure that he can never go back to his life before he became an assassin . 
 i doubt that he can even remember it . 
 `` and the bodies ? '' 
 `` decomposing somewhere i will not disclose . '' 
 `` including my mother 's ? '' 
 i press my lips together really tight . 
 i did n't mean for my voice to sound so strangled . 
 dad holds my gaze and sighs heavily . 
 `` i killed her , elle . 
 after what she did , i had to . 
 but i did n't leave her body with the rest of them . '' 
 i blink , letting the fact that i already know settle in . 
 i feel a tug of pointless grief and i ca n't seem to push it away . 
 `` she 's gone , elle . 
 i could n't just erase her memories of us and leave her like that with no family . 
 alone . 
 ending her life is less cruel . '' 
 i nod , biting my lower lip . 
 `` how is lennox ? 
 he wanted to save her , you know ? 
 that 's why we went to see her ... '' `` i know . 
 he told me . '' 
 it 's not like lennox can do anything about it . 
 he did n't get a chance to stop my father . 
 `` he was upset , but he 's okay , i think . 
 i sent him home . '' 
 i spoon some more soup into my mouth . 
 `` what about us ? '' 
 i slowly put my spoon down . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` what 's the plan ? 
 when are we going home ? '' 
 right . 
 new york . 
 i thought his home is here . 
 well , i thought wrong . 
 `` as soon as i 'm completely healed . '' 
 i rub my forehead , as though i suddenly have a building headache . 
 the notion of going back to new york has n't entered my mind . 
 not even once . 
 not until now . 
 dad picks the tray off my lap . 
 i lean my head back and close my eyes . 
 i 'm probably being rude and he 'll probably think i 'm dismissing him , but i know he 'll understand . 
 i have a stab wound on my back after all . 
 `` i invited him to come with us , but he has n't given me an answer yet , '' dad says , a second before i hear him close the door behind him . 
 i smile . 
 epilogue breaking news : christmas came early to the patrons of the pavilion , one of the biggest , busiest and most prestigious casinos in las vegas , as the owner handed each of them an envelope containing thousands of dollars . 
 an hour back , every single person in the establishment -- players , employees , even bystanders received a hefty envelope right after the seemingly bewildered duty manager announced they 're closing the casino for the day . 
 whether it will reopen again later in the morning is not known yet . 
 the owner , mr ricardo constavlos , gave no reason for his action and is currently unavailable to comment ... . 
 ***** ian stares at the television , his half empty whiskey glass forgotten in his hand . 
 it takes exactly two minutes for him to put two and two together . 
 not so gently , he puts the glass down on his desk and reaches for his phone . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` lennox , i want to speak to my daughter . '' 
 `` she 's driving . '' 
 `` then put the bloody phone on bloody speaker , you twat ! '' 
 `` uh-oh , someone 's not happy . 
 elle , your father wants to speak to you . 
 he called me a twat . 
 he seems cross . '' 
 one day , that boy -- if he 's not careful -- is going to get deported back to britain , ian thinks . 
 he can hear elle laugh in the background . 
 whatever they did , it was a joint effort , he 's certain of it . 
 when he invited his daughter 's boyfriend to live with them , he knew it was a terrible idea . 
 any father in his right mind would never do such a thing . 
 and once again , he has proved that he 's abnormal . 
 but what can he do ? 
 elle was right . 
 lennox is his responsibility , as he 's always been . 
 he made a promise to emma . 
 who would know that this boy would turn out to be a reader ? 
 and charming enough to make his daughter fall for him ? 
 how conveniently lovely ?! 
 not . 
 because now , his already fearless daughter has turned more fearless because of him ! 
 for the second time , ian is sincerely and pointlessly regretting his decision . 
 the first time was six months ago when an orphanage in new orleans received an undisclosed huge donation from an anonymous person . 
 and this was a couple of days after a bank in austin , texas , was robbed . 
 how they manage to pull stunts like these off , he does n't want to know . 
 but he 's made sure no one can trace it back to them . 
 and now he 's about to do it all over again . 
 `` yes , daddy ? '' 
 ian does n't know how or why , but no matter how angry he is with her , the moment he hears her voice , the moment he knows she 's fine , his anger dissipates by fifty per cent . 
 `` i just saw the news . '' 
 `` what news ? '' 
 she 's playing innocent . 
 and he knows she knows he knows . 
 `` tell me you had nothing to do with that . '' 
 `` you had nothing to do with that . '' 
 `` elle , god damn it ! '' 
 ian takes a couple of deep breaths as he massages the bridge of his nose . 
 `` what the hell ? 
 why ? '' 
 `` i ... we want to help . '' 
 that little slip confirms his suspicion . 
 `` you can help a homeless person on the street , an unemployed person who wants a job ! 
 do something simple and discreet . '' 
 `` we covered our tracks , do n't worry . '' 
 she sounds so cheerful , it 's driving him insane . 
 `` we 're on our way to the airport now . 
 i 'll see you tomorrow , okay ? '' 
 `` put lennox on the phone , will you ? '' 
 there 's a bit of shuffle from the other end of the line . 
 ian can picture lennox covering the phone while he confirms with elle what he can or ca n't disclose . 
 bloody boy 's a chicken . 
 `` yes , ian ? '' 
 `` please , you do n't have to do everything she says . 
 grow a pair . '' 
 lennox snorts . 
 `` she will do it anyway , with or without my help . 
 her near death experience gave her a new outlook on life , '' he says with a laugh . 
 ian wants even more to strangle him . 
 `` if ... '' `` ian , you know i will never let anything happen to her . '' 
 for a second , ian closes his eyes and let the boy 's words sink in . 
 as if by magic , he feels calmer . 
 deep inside , ian knows lennox loves elle . 
 and it 's a kind of love that ian trusts . 
 `` get your arses back home then . 
 i bought a new samurai and i need a sparring partner . '' 
 acknowledgements to nandita naik , my editor , and to everyone who helped : thank you . 
 about the author m. rees grew up filling her bookshelves with sydney sheldon and judith mcnaught paperbacks . 
 now in her thirties , she 's in love with and collects hardcover copies of young adult and paranormal fictions . 
 born in philippines , she graduated from university of santo tomas , where she took a degree in management . 
 she currently lives in united kingdom with her husband and three children . 
 so far , in life , she 's been a barista , a bar tender , and a retail shop employee . 
 she now unequally divides her time between family , writing and her current work as a council advisor . 
 find her online at www.mreesauthor.wix.com/authorofinsight follow her on facebook : www.facebook.com/mrees.author and twitter : www.twitter.com/mreesauthor 
