 everwild by : kayla jo copyright © 2013 by kayla jo smashwords edition all rights reserved . 
 no part of this publication may be reproduced , distributed , or transmitted in any form or by any means , including photocopying , recording , or other electronic or mechanical methods , without the prior written permission of the publisher . 
 this e-book is a work of fiction . 
 names , characters , places , and incidents are products of the author 's imagination or are used fictitiously . 
 any resemblance to actual events of persons , living or dead , is entirely coincidental . 
 this e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 warning : this is the first book in the healer series and may be left open ended . 
 this book may contain some language and intimate situations . 
 thank you . 
 cover design by robin ludwig design inc. http://www.gobookcoverdesign.com/ table of contents chapter 1-the witches of southwick manor chapter 2-the party chapter 3-toil and trouble chapter 4-bunches and barrels chapter 5-the faker chapter 6-school for ghouls chapter 7-chase chapter 8-dokkaebi-napped chapter 9-the neutral zone chapter 10-the crystal cave chapter 11-the ball chapter 12-the arena chapter 13-what dreams may come chapter 14-the devil within chapter 15-saved by wolves chapter 16-the deadlands bonus : declan 's point of view-the party the deadlands : chapter 1 chapter 1 the witches of southwick manor `` oh willow ! 
 wake up , love ! '' 
 a soft voice sung with taunting amusement , interrupting the silence of the bedroom . 
 when there was no response , the now irritated voice spoke louder . 
 `` you better wake up right away , dear ! 
 it 's not everyday a young witch turns sixteen , you know . 
 oh , we have so much to do to get ready for hekate ! 
 is n't it wonderful how the head prophesier is coming to our home in honor of you ! 
 ah , she is truly an inspiration to us all ... . 
 willow ? '' 
 the voice sighed unhappily , `` willow , dear , are you listening ? '' 
 the small lump beneath the warm cotton blanket moved only slightly in acknowledgement . 
 suddenly , a bright light invaded the dark bedroom . 
 willow groaned , the lull of sleep pulling heavily at her . 
 her eyes slowly slit open to peek at the intruder . 
 `` i see ... a bright light ... '' she muttered groggily looking up at the dull white ceiling . 
 `` this is it ! 
 i 'm dead ! 
 i 'm dead ! '' 
 her eyes moved to glance at the owner of the voice , `` do n't you know it 's rude to wake the dead , pertussia ? '' 
 `` oh willow , '' pertussia scolded , putting her hands on her hips . 
 `` must we start the theatrics today of all days ? '' 
 willow just smirked , thinking how funny it was that when pertussia tried to sound upset , it still came across as being dulcet and sweet . 
 pertussia could never really yell or make anyone mad . 
 she was good natured down to her very soul . 
 a dainty hand touched her shoulder and willow gazed up into soft , beautiful green eyes . 
 pertussia smiled down at her , her long blonde hair fell from her shoulders to tickle her face . 
 `` happy birthday willow , '' she said softly , smiling radiantly . 
 the light touched pertussia 's hair and accentuated her beautiful features . 
 at this angle , willow could see soft freckles dusting the tops of her pink cheeks and she felt the sting of jealously at the beauty of her sister . 
 pertussia was above willow in rank and power . 
 as a first degree witch in the southwick coven , willow 's powers were not fully developed , not by a long shot . 
 she was still in training , as she had been from an early age , learning spells and how to utilize the magic residing inside her . 
 willow had finally passed the test to earn her talisman , a magical object used to control , manipulate , and strengthen her magic , coveted by all firsts . 
 willow would n't become a second degree like pertussia for quite some time , but it was still a step in the right direction . 
 `` come , willow , '' pertussia persisted . 
 `` you must get ready , dear . 
 the others are waiting for you . 
 we still have a bit of shopping to do , you know , '' she grinned waving her hand and fluttered out of the room as if she were walking on air , letting willow get ready for the day . 
 tonight , there would be a grand ceremony to celebrate her achievement . 
 one that she was not looking forward to . 
 willow jumped out of her bed and headed to the closet . 
 she did n't own anything stylish . 
 jeans , t-shirts , more jeans , oh ! 
 there was a dress ! 
 she pulled it out and grimaced , suddenly wishing she had never found it in the first place . 
 long , black , with sheer sleeves that looked like wings , it was repulsive . 
 the only dress willow owned was not a dress at all . 
 it was like something morticia from the addams family would wear . 
 it was a good thing her sisters were letting her purchase a more appropriate dress for this evening . 
 it was her birthday , after all . 
 after putting on her casual attire , willow headed to the bathroom . 
 her dark auburn hair was unruly from sleeping on it . 
 it spiraled naturally and could look good when she actually took the time to do it , but a simple finger comb through would have to do for today . 
 she stared at her dullish dark brown eyes and average looking pale face in the mirror , once again wishing she looked more like pertussia . 
 there was n't anything special about her . 
 concentrating on her magic , the familiar tug in her stomach stirred and sizzled within her body , the reaction feeling like static electricity running all over her . 
 she was charging herself to conduct magic . 
 slowly , her hair changed to a pretty honey blonde . 
 next , she focused on her eyes . 
 the right had changed to blue while the other turned green . 
 she huffed impatiently . 
 it was n't the look she was going for . 
 when she tried harder , a deep twist in her abdomen made her stomach cramp , forming a huge knot in her gut . 
 willow keeled over in pain and released the magic . 
 it burst forth in waves of energy out of her , her features instantly changed back to normal . 
 the mirror on the wall took the impact and shattered into a million tiny pieces , flying all around her in a shower of twinkling glass . 
 she had no time to react and a piece hit her forearm , cutting a small gash where it struck her flesh . 
 she was stunned watching the blood swell and seep out of the wound . 
 upset that something as remedial as changing her image would cause such a reaction , willow angrily called upon her magic once more , not sure if healing would work without an elixir potion . 
 healing the body required relentless concentration , and always with added brew . 
 it probably would n't work , but before her eyes , the cut healed instantly . 
 her skin looked perfect , and willow wondered whether she had even been cut in the first place , or if it had been her imagination running wild again . 
 it would n't be the first time . 
 there was no scar or anything that indicated she had just been scratched . 
 feeling both cocky and satisfied , willow finished her morning routine to get ready for the day . 
 willow sauntered down the grand staircase of their house to find three beautiful ladies staring up at her ... uh oh ... in annoyance . 
 even though willow technically had no family , she called the other witches in the coven her older sisters . 
 they were all wearing long cloaks that reached the floor and beautiful turn of the century dresses . 
 willow rolled her eyes . 
 second degrees ; they always thought they were better than everyone , trying to outdo each other in beauty and old school fashion . 
 they had no desire to change their style to fit in with the times . 
 this little trip to town would be very interesting as they only went when absolutely necessary . 
 pertussia was closest to her , looking like an angel in an all white flowing gown and cloak . 
 she looked like a winter queen with her blonde hair cascading down her shoulders . 
 next to her , pandora , the oldest of the seconds , also looked rather stunning . 
 she wore a scarlet gown with gold detail and a black cloak . 
 you could n't tell where her black hair ended and the cloak began as they blended so well together . 
 her big blue eyes fell on willow and softened a little , but not by much . 
 pandora was the authoritative figure of the household , seeming cold and distant most of the time . 
 it looked like at the moment , pandora would be cordial as today was willow 's big day . 
 the third , youngest and shortest of the three witches before her was portia-anna . 
 she was slender , like the other two , but looked completely different with her long purple hair and violet colored eyes . 
 of course , she made herself look this way , but portia-anna was still beautiful nonetheless . 
 `` took you long enough , dear , '' pertussia was the first to address the young witch with a bright smile as she fluffed her dress and pulled up her satin gloves to her elbows . 
 pandora just looked perturbed at having to wait and portia-anna stuck her tongue out jokingly . 
 `` we have got to do something with that wardrobe of yours , '' pandora said dully looking her up and down as if assessing an ugly bug that needed squishing . 
 she never approved of willow 's jeans and t-shirts , insisting she should wear a gown and cloak . 
 but willow was n't born in colonial times , was over 100 years old , and adamantly refused every time it was suggested . 
 `` we can not have you look like a beggar on the streets for hekate . '' 
 `` it 's nice to see you too , dora , '' willow smiled condescendingly as pandora narrowed her eyes in a hateful glare . 
 pandora loathed the nickname she 'd given her , and threatened her once or twice that she 'd turn her into a toadstool if she did n't stop , but it was just empty threats . 
 pandora would never cause harm to one in the coven , especially willow , the youngest and only first in the southwick coven . 
 according to the sisters , willow was extremely valuable among the magic casters . 
 what that meant , she had no idea , and they never elaborated on it , even with willow 's relentless begging and bribing . 
 so she did what she did best : milked it for all it was worth . 
 `` happy birthday , willow , '' portia-anna came up to her and gave her a big hug . 
 she was just as good natured as pertussia , but was a bit more on the wild side . 
 she did n't care what pandora thought of her either . 
 she often pulled silly pranks on her , with willow 's enthusiastic participation , of course . 
 it was probably the reason why willow liked her so much . 
 portia-anna was the fun , easygoing one . 
 `` thank you , '' willow said and stood back watching the seconds closely , then batted her eyelashes . 
 `` so ... '' she said as lovingly and with as much emphasis as possible , `` since it 's my birthday and all , i was thinking now would be a great time to tell me what my talisman is -- `` `` not a chance , willow , '' pandora cut her off instantly and adjusted the brooch to the cloak near her neck . 
 `` your impatience is infuriating . 
 why do you ask questions you already know the answer to ? '' 
 `` oh , come on , '' willow whined , `` i know you all know what it is . 
 what 's so grand about hekate being the one to give it to me ? 
 why ca n't i just have it now ? 
 i 've earned it ! '' 
 there was a loud gasp and willow turned to see pertussia 's hand covering her mouth in shock . 
 willow was always called the `` drama queen '' of the house , but she did n't think that was entirely true . 
 in her mind , pertussia was the very essence of the word drama . 
 `` oh , darling , '' pertussia said and looked at willow like she was a stranger , `` hekate is the head prophesier ! 
 the queen ! 
 she is the most powerful of our kind , the only one who has the right to give it you . 
 she is all that -- '' `` yes , yes , we all know , pertussia , '' portia-anna cut her off . 
 `` we just do n't worship the ground she walks on like you do , '' she looked back at willow and smirked . 
 `` our willow here is just curious . 
 do n't we all remember how it was when we got our talismans ? 
 i believe you could n't stop bouncing off the walls , pertussia . '' 
 pertussia turned her head away snobbishly . 
 willow enjoyed watching the dynamics between the three sisters . 
 portia-anna continued on , `` now can we please drop the issue and go shopping so we can come back and get beautified ? 
 all the handsome warlocks are going to want to get a look at all this , '' she wiggled her body , `` and i ca n't possibly look good unless we stop this chattering and go ! 
 of course , i always look good , but it 's the fact of the matter , really ... '' willow laughed at her particularly rambunctious sister as pandora waved her hands in the air . 
 a breeze whipped around the room and seconds later , she felt a light tap on her hip and turned to see her broomstick hovering waist high at her side , only ... wait , this was n't her broomstick ! 
 willow 's broomstick was long , a light brown color , and made from the bark of an oak tree . 
 the broom before her was short , -lrb- built for speed -rrb- , and a slick , ebony black . 
 this was nothing like her broom ! 
 taking a closer look , she gasped realizing that it was the newest caliber 300 ! 
 smooth and shiny , it had willow 's name written in an intricate silver script along the length of it . 
 what was this ? 
 what was going on ? 
 `` happy birthday willow rose ! '' 
 the sisters said in unison , all smiling from ear to ear , -lrb- even pandora -rrb- . 
 `` oh , wow ! '' 
 she whispered at a loss for words . 
 timidly , willow touched the broomstick as if it would disappear . 
 this was n't real . 
 she must be imagining things . 
 she touched it again . 
 nope . 
 it was definitely real . 
 just then , the words she lost earlier came flooding back . 
 `` i absolutely love it ! 
 i ca n't believe you all did this for me ! 
 i do n't even know what to say ! 
 thank you ! 
 thank you ! 
 thank you ! 
 you guys are the best sisters ever ! '' 
 willow went to each one of them and gave them a big hug . 
 `` you did n't have to -- '' `` we know , '' pandora said appearing bored . 
 `` but you 're our sister . '' 
 she shrugged and grabbed her broomstick heading out the door briskly . 
 willow watched her leave and then turned to the others . 
 `` she loves when i get sappy on her . '' 
 she quickly wiped happy tears away from her eyes . 
 portia-anna laughed and put her arm around willow 's shoulder as they both followed pertussia into the yard . 
 `` you know this was all my idea , right ? '' 
 she whispered in her ear . 
 `` you know how pandora is with gifts . 
 stingy , that one , '' she crinkled her nose . 
 her violet eyes lit with mischief . 
 willow did n't know how she convinced pandora to buy a new broomstick for her , as all the seconds still had ancient looking flying devices , and broomsticks were highly expensive in the magical world , but she was beyond grateful . 
 `` remind me to ask you later , '' willow responded as they caught up to the others . 
 portia-anna winked . 
 the black gate to the manor house was directly in front of willow . 
 the gate surrounded the entire perimeter of their land . 
 lush , green grass sprawled all along the path that led up to the witches ' expansive victorian manor . 
 they owned several gardens with all their favorite flowers and herbs for potions . 
 willow had a small , designated section of rose bushes that she liked to go to think , tend , and smell her favorite flower : brilliant , stark white roses . 
 the gate was always locked , and a strong enchantment protected the grounds from sky intruders . 
 the witches of southwick manor lived in the middle of the forest , away from town . 
 it was peaceful , being bordered by evergreen and deciduous trees . 
 they could have as much land as they desired out away from the city and highways . 
 humans never knew the place existed , and they barely received visitors , unless they were of magical origin . 
 but even werewolves , vampires , and the fey tended to stay away from the house . 
 it was most likely pandora 's doing . 
 her magic was the strongest in the coven , and somehow , the other dark beings of the world sensed the protective magic and stayed away . 
 willow never had a reason to fear . 
 `` mount your brooms , '' pandora directed . 
 `` we make for the city . 
 follow my lead and watch when i go to land . 
 willow , '' pandora narrowed her blue eyes , `` no funny business . '' 
 `` me ? '' 
 she faked innocence and mounted her new broom . 
 `` whatever do you mean ? '' 
 willow bent her knees and kicked off before pandora could lecture her further and she flew up in the air like a rocket , squealing with joy . 
 this broom was fast ! 
 really fast ! 
 she did several flips in the air , swerving and twirling the broom , going higher and higher , touching the clouds . 
 the sky was a vast and endless domain . 
 it had no end . 
 she could go wherever she wanted and -- `` yikes ! '' 
 she yelled swerving dangerously to the left as a flock of geese heading south came out of nowhere and nearly collided into her . 
 the broomstick shook in her hands , but she slowed down and got it under control . 
 willow came to a standstill in the air , kicking her legs and looking down . 
 the ground was but a speck below her . 
 way , way below her . 
 `` i meant that ! '' 
 pandora said breathlessly catching up to her . 
 `` be careful ! 
 i do not wish to pick up dead bits of you on the ground if you fall and we ca n't save you in time ! '' 
 `` do n't be the grim reaper , dora , '' willow said playfully and circled her three times fast . 
 `` you know he always takes the angry , brooding witches first . '' 
 what could she say ? 
 willow knew she was taunting the beast , but this was the best gift she had ever received . 
 her birthday was off to a great start . 
 `` do you want a new dress or not ? 
 because i do n't have to buy one , you know . '' 
 `` oh , pandora , '' pertussia said , `` do try to enjoy yourself , will you dear ? '' 
 `` for me ? '' 
 willow prompted with a slightly sarcastic smile and flipped upside down watching her . 
 `` follow me , '' pandora rolled her eyes , her cloak billowing behind her in the wind . 
 willow looked at pertussia and shrugged , righting herself to follow pandora . 
 pertussia and portia-anna flanked her , keeping the vibrant witch in line . 
 portia-anna kept her entertained by talking about all the handsome warlocks she was hoping would be there . 
 willow 's heart beat erratically and uneven at the mention of her ceremony . 
 the way her sisters talked , this celebration was a big deal . 
 she did n't expect a big turn-out tonight , and willow really did n't want people fawning over her like a celebrity . 
 many of the other witch covens in the area would be there , as portia-anna invited practically all of them , and most of the warlock orders would be there as well . 
 the most powerful order , the emerald circle , was an elite group of the best magic casters around . 
 they had several young warlocks , whom portia-anna always tried to talk about , but willow was n't in the mood . 
 the last time the emerald circle came to one of their events , she had a very nasty argument with the head warlock 's son , declan . 
 willow and declan did not get along , and she really , really hoped he would n't be there tonight . 
 `` and that declan , woo , '' portia-anna interrupted her thoughts , trying to talk about the very person she was just thinking , -lrb- or trying not to -rrb- think about , `` if i was thirty ... oh maybe fifty-years younger , oh my , i would be going after him ! '' 
 she flipped her purple hair behind her back and winked at willow suggestively , `` how about it , willow ? '' 
 `` um ... no , '' she said awkwardly . 
 `` i do n't think so . '' 
 `` well why not ? '' 
 `` because he 's an arrogant , egotistical , son-of-a - '' `` okay , okay , i get the picture , '' portia-anna said laughing . 
 `` ca n't you be a little nicer to him , dear ? '' 
 pertussia said joining the conversation . 
 `` he is sweet enough to come to the party for you . '' 
 `` he 's only going to be there because of his father , mister high and mighty head warlock emerson himself , '' willow said rudely . 
 `` he 'd never be interested in someone like me . '' 
 pertussia gasped . 
 `` do n't say things like that , dear ! 
 you 're a beautiful , brilliant witch ! 
 any warlock would be lucky to have you . '' 
 `` not to mention he 's so handsome ! '' 
 portia-anna exclaimed and willow did n't say anything in response . 
 she could n't deny her . 
 declan was downright gorgeous . 
 but , of course , he knew it and flaunted himself in front of the ladies , especially of his age , making them think they had a chance with them , and then breaking their hearts . 
 she knew his personality type , and tried to stay far , far away . 
 declan and his preppy group of warlocks would surely be there , and willow was n't looking forward to it . 
 her sisters were sweet , but deep down willow knew he had a right to be arrogant . 
 she could never measure up to someone like declan aldridge . 
 he was the whole package wrapped in a big red shiny bow . 
 `` give him a chance , dear , '' pertussia encouraged , but willow simply could n't . 
 not when he had insulted her the last time she saw him . 
 willow recalled his words as if it were yesterday . 
 they had gotten into an argument over a certain spell , and they argued and argued until they settled into actually working it out . 
 declan got the spell exactly right and managed to change a black cat to white with green polka dots , and the spell willow thought was right did n't do anything but make the cat keel over to sleep . 
 transformations were the first thing a young witch learns , and she failed miserably . 
 declan and his friends burst into laughter , embarrassing her in front of everybody . 
 declan made fun of her saying , `` wow , willow tree , brains really are n't everything , because in your case , they 're nothing . '' 
 he basically called her stupid , and his group of friends just hooted in laughter , which only increased her humiliation . 
 not to mention he called her the nickname she hated . 
 willow tree . 
 willow tree ? 
 really ? 
 she hated the nickname he dubbed her even more than she hated his smug grin when he insulted her , so willow expertly stomped on his foot and stormed away . 
 he ruined her whole night , making her question her abilities as a witch . 
 she was already self-conscious enough as it was about her magic casting skills . 
 pandora began dropping down as they neared the city . 
 pulling off before they were spotted , they made their way to the forest on the outskirts of town . 
 willow heard the sounds of busy life in the city . 
 cars were honking , and people were talking loudly on cell phones , while others were yelling at each other . 
 the repugnant smell of exhaust fumes filled the air like a suffocating gas chamber . 
 willow knew of another coven living within the city , and she felt sorry for them , having to deal with the insane life of humans and having to constantly conceal their magic . 
 it was n't where she would want to live , but apparently they liked it if they still lived there . 
 witches hated to break tradition , and the coven that lived in the city had lived there for centuries . 
 they would n't change their location even though everything around them had changed . 
 they climbed off the brooms , hiding them in a hollowed out tree pandora made several years ago . 
 no one else knew of its existence , which kept their traveling devices well protected . 
 they then entered the city . 
 of course , willow was the only one in normal looking clothes , and she smiled when they received several shocked stares from humans as they passed them by . 
 her sisters looked like they just walked right out of the middle ages in their flowing gowns and cloaks . 
 they especially gaped at portia-anna 's bizarre hair color . 
 willow , however , blended right in . 
 unfortunately , a firsts magic was flawed , almost limited in a way . 
 they could n't conjure clothes out of thin air yet . 
 if that were the case , she would n't have to go shopping ... ever . 
 willow could make the perfect dress for herself and be fine . 
 her sisters could change their clothes at will , envisioning an outfit that then appeared on their bodies , but they were still so old school that the gowns they chose to wear were anything but with the current era . 
 willow regarded pandora quietly as her scarlet dress flowed and hugged her curvaceous figure perfectly . 
 it must be nice to be a second . 
 they stopped at a small shop that looked promising . 
 the cashier behind the counter regarded them curiously as they walked around to look at the clothes . 
 humans could always sense something amiss with those who wielded magic . 
 it was n't dark magic , as some witches preferred to use , but there was still an underlying terror of the unknown that humans could sense within them . 
 it was the kind where they knew something was different , and labeled them as `` weird '' or `` wrong '' just by first appearances . 
 witches were always cordial to humans , but humans never cared for them , judging them accordingly , and knowing something was n't quite right . 
 nevertheless , witches never exposed themselves to a human . 
 nobody wanted a repeat of the salem witch trials . 
 portia-anna picked up two dresses she found and held them out . 
 one was super short and kinky ; the other was longer with more flow and fabric . 
 `` okay , willow , '' she said holding them up for her to see and smiling slyly , `` hot slut or tea party princess ? 
 i myself prefer the black one , '' she held up the short dress and twirled . 
 `` you 'd be stunning in this . '' 
 `` if she were going to a men 's club to flaunt her body , '' pandora said irritated . 
 `` do you think hekate would approve of this for her talisman ceremony , portia ? 
 do try to use your intellect . '' 
 `` well someone woke up on the wrong side of the cobwebs this morning , '' portia-anna muttered and put the dresses back . 
 `` oh , you would look simply perfect in this dress , pet , '' pertussia said behind her . 
 she pulled out a long silk dress that was a dark azure blue . 
 in the front , it stopped at the knees but then grew long in the back forming a small train on the floor . 
 there was a sweetheart neckline outlined in studded silver jewels and it was nearly backless . 
 it was willow 's size , perfect , and absolutely stunning . 
 the witches all nodded in consent , even pandora was awed by the dress . 
 she purchased it -lrb- willingly -rrb- for her , as well as some short satin heels to match , and willow left the store in high spirits as she received yet another extravagant gift for her birthday . 
 as they headed for the forest once more , a large , wispy figure approached them . 
 she carried a big orange bag that matched her bright orange hair . 
 she was short and stout , with a round , cheerful face . 
 `` pandora ! 
 pertussia ! 
 portia-anna ! '' 
 she called waving wildly , attracting attention towards them . 
 she was wearing an old fashioned tan dress that did n't match the vibrant oranges she wore . 
 `` dromeda , '' pandora smiled as they clasped each other 's forearms in greeting . 
 `` it 's been a while . '' 
 `` indeed it has , '' the witch named dromeda replied and looked over at the three witches . 
 `` what brings you into town this afternoon ? 
 i have n't seen you around these parts for quite some time . '' 
 her gaze then caught willow 's and her small eyes grew wide . 
 `` ah , i see ! 
 so this is the precious willow rose i 've heard so many stories about . '' 
 pandora introduced them . 
 `` willow this is dromeda , second and head of the westwood coven . 
 your friend ... oh , what was her name , '' she looked at dromeda contemplating `` ... one of your firsts . '' 
 `` constance ? 
 prudence ? 
 belinda ? 
 tally-may ? '' 
 dromeda started listing off the firsts in her coven . 
 willow recognized one . 
 `` belinda , '' she said nodding . 
 she was a good friend of willow 's , even though she only saw her every so often . 
 she was n't allowed to have a cell phone or any form of technology , but every time the covens got together , they hung out . 
 willow considered her a friend . 
 `` she is a sweetie , is n't she ? '' 
 dromeda clapped her hands and fluffed her orange hair with pride . 
 `` one of our best , she is . 
 i remember her talisman ceremony last year . 
 how fun ! 
 dancing , music , flowing wine ... '' `` dromeda , '' pandora interrupted her tangent . 
 `` will you be attending this evening ? '' 
 `` oh , no i 'm afraid not . 
 i have nights potion brewing for my client that needs constant tending . 
 but i will be sending another second in my stead as well as belinda . 
 would you like that , dear ? '' 
 dromeda addressed willow jovially . 
 her round cheeks glistened pink in the sun . 
 `` i would , '' willow said smiling kindly . 
 if belinda came , that would be at least one person she could talk to that was her age . 
 she wished she could talk to belinda about how her talisman experience went . 
 somehow in the back of willow 's mind , she felt like something horrible would happen ; a gloomy foreboding was constantly nagging her . 
 she envisioned horrible things happening , like her talisman would n't work , she would trip and fall in front of everyone , or make a complete fool of herself in front of hekate , the one person she wanted to impress . 
 willow had only met the great witch once , when she was very young and was blessed with the witches of southwick manor . 
 they 've been her family ever since , and she could n't be happier with the sisters and the home she was given . 
 `` then that 's settled ! '' 
 dromeda threw her hands in the air . 
 `` i have a few more ingredients to pick up and be on my way . 
 pandora , always a pleasure . '' 
 `` indeed , '' pandora smiled . 
 `` let 's not wait until the next ceremony to get together , dear , '' pertussia chimed in as dromeda adjusted her purse and took off down the road saying farewell . 
 someone huffed beside willow . 
 `` it 's nice to be recognized sometimes , do n't you agree , willow ? '' 
 portia-anna said mockingly . 
 `` i was standing here the whole time , too , and you 'd think i was a ghost ! '' 
 `` dromeda 's the head of her coven , '' pandora said walking down the sidewalk again , as if that was explanation enough . 
 `` it 's not like being head of a coven has gone to anyone 's head or anything , huh ? '' 
 portia-anna nodded her head in pandora 's direction and stuck her tongue out . 
 willow stifled a laugh . 
 `` i saw that portia , '' pandora said , her back still turned to them . 
 portia-anna looked at willow with raised eyebrows and shrugged . 
 they made it to the forest and found their brooms . 
 pandora did a fancy arm swirl and willow 's dress and accessories disappeared . 
 `` your clothes will be in your room , '' pandora told her mounting her broom . 
 `` we have four hours until our guests start arriving . 
 willow , i want you to focus on getting ready , while the rest of us have to decorate the main hall and dining room . 
 we want everything looking orderly and perfect for hekate . 
 am i correct in this , sisters ? '' 
 `` yes , mother , '' portia-anna muttered under her breath . 
 pertussia just had a far off expression on her face . 
 she must 've been thinking about hekate . 
 the witches took off into the sky once more . 
 the afternoon sun was high in the sky , and soon , the familiar southwick manor could be seen . 
 even from above , the manor looked marvelous , luxurious , and inviting . 
 it was willow 's home , where she belonged , with the witches of the southwick coven . 
 tonight , she would receive a talisman . 
 her magic would be doubled , and soon , willow would be just as powerful as her sisters . 
 chapter 2 the party a small tapping on willow 's door could only mean one person-pertussia . 
 willow was dressed in her gown staring at herself in the mirror , somehow wishing she was more beautiful . 
 her hair was done in tight spirals , and her makeup was completed , but something was missing , she just was n't sure what . 
 `` come in , pertussia , '' willow said and smiled as her sister walked in shyly . 
 pertussia was amazingly dressed , wearing an elegant silver gown that clung to her figure . 
 her long blonde hair was curled and she complimented her green eyes with a colorful green necklace and long dangly earrings that touched her shoulders . 
 she was breathtaking , but was looking at willow as if she were the beautiful one . 
 `` oh willow , dear , '' she said and put both hands on her cheeks , `` you look beautiful , love . '' 
 `` thanks , '' she said solemnly and turned back to the mirror , not feeling very beautiful at all . 
 willow had put gray eye shadow and black eyeliner on her eyes and had ruby red lipstick on her full lips . 
 the light of the bedroom turned her hair a deep red tint . 
 she inhaled in shock as all of a sudden beautiful diamond teardrop earrings appeared on her ears . 
 willow whipped around to stare at pertussia , who was smiling brilliantly . 
 `` i could n't let pandora outdo me by buying that stunning dress , now , could i sweetie ? '' 
 pertussia said quietly coming up beside her . 
 she took willow 's hair and tucked it behind her ears in a loving gesture . 
 the simple earrings matched the studs on her gown , and now her outfit was complete . 
 it was the very item that was missing . 
 `` i love them , pertussia , '' she sighed , tears pricked behind her eyes . 
 she loved her sisters , but secretly , pertussia was her absolute favorite . 
 pertussia treated her so well , always making sure she was happy , comfortable , and had everything she needed . 
 willow just could n't imagine her life without her . 
 `` i just wanted to let you know how proud i am of you , darling . 
 this is your special night , made just for you , '' pertussia said softly , her green eyes glowing and grew watery with emotion . 
 `` you are so special to us ... and to me . 
 soon , you will learn your true potential , dear . 
 you have no idea what powers you possess . 
 i am so proud to call you my sister . '' 
 willow was speechless . 
 pertussia 's words hit her hard and her heart swelled with love . 
 she was so dear to willow , as was each of her sisters . 
 every witch of southwick was unique in their own way . 
 they looked after each other , cared about each other , and lived to make each other happy . 
 of course they could irritate each other at times , and have arguments , -lrb- more often than not -rrb- , but those were only signs of a healthy family . 
 it came with the package . 
 willow stood and gave pertussia a big hug . 
 `` have all the guests arrived ? '' 
 she whispered , her nerves picking up . 
 all the attention would be on her tonight , and she did n't really know if she was ready for it . 
 `` yes , it is time , '' pertussia took willow 's hands in hers and regarded her carefully . 
 `` enjoy your moment , willow . 
 it 's all for you . '' 
 she gave her a sweet kiss on her cheek and turned to walk out of the door , but then stopped and smiled coyly . 
 `` and if that declan aldridge gives you trouble , you could always spike his drink with a sleeping potion . '' 
 willow laughed and followed her out of the bedroom . 
 pertussia 's teasing helped to ease the tension in her body . 
 `` i 'll keep that in mind , pertussia , '' she said , but pertussia was already gone . 
 she would let willow make her grand entrance alone . 
 willow stopped at the top of the steps looking down at the main foyer . 
 all the guests were down there , mingling about and talking with each other . 
 many of the witches wore beautiful , flowing ball gowns . 
 willow saw bright colored hair on a few of the witches , and most of the warlocks wore expensive tuxedos . 
 she recognized a few faces from this distance , but did n't see hekate yet . 
 `` witches and warlocks , '' a voice announced loudly , gaining the undivided attention of everyone in the room . 
 it was pandora . 
 she was standing at the base of the staircase . 
 the talking died immediately as everyone turned to face her . 
 `` thank you for coming to our home in honor of one of our magic casters in the witch bloodline . 
 tonight , it is my greatest pleasure to introduce you to our first degree of the southwick manor , the beautiful , enchanting , willow rose ! '' 
 she pointed to willow who was frozen at the top of the stairs as all eyes fell upon her . 
 her heart pounded in her chest at the silence . 
 she slowly descended the staircase . 
 very slowly . 
 one thing was running over and over in her mind : do n't fall . 
 do n't fall . 
 do n't fall . 
 willow breathed a heavy sigh of relief as she made it to the bottom in one piece . 
 smiles and greetings met her , and she was swiftly ushered to the ballroom by pandora , who held willow 's arm firmly , somehow knowing she needed an anchor to keep her stable . 
 there were more guests lingering in the ballroom . 
 willow saw portia-anna fluttering around in the short , black dress from the store earlier . 
 it was very short , barely covering her bottom , and far different than what she normally wore , but she rocked it . 
 she caught willow 's stunned expression and shook her butt , laughing at her . 
 willow laughed and lightened up immensely at seeing portia-anna so loose and playful . 
 willow knew that this dress was something portia-anna would never wear , and it just made it all the better . 
 portia-anna did this for her . 
 her heart burst with even more joy . 
 willow took in the room with bewilderment . 
 it had been transformed into a silvery wonderland of twinkling lights and flowers . 
 an enchanted orchestra -lrb- no players-only instruments -rrb- began playing upon her entrance , but she could n't take her eyes off the beauty surrounding her . 
 hanging from the ceiling in long vines were white flowers , mostly roses and hydrangeas , willow 's favorite . 
 the scent hit her nose and filled the room with an intoxicating aroma . 
 there were dazzling stars dusted in a black sky poking out between the flowers on the ceiling . 
 it was hexed to look like the real sky , but willow felt like she had walked straight into an enchanting dream . 
 there were tall silver candle holders all around the room that lit the room with flickering light that bounced off the walls playfully . 
 tables and chairs with white tablecloths were set up in a semi circle around the dance floor in the center . 
 tall vases filled with the same flowers on the ceiling were in the center of each table , and silver goblets and silverware were spread out on the tops of them . 
 beyond the dance floor , a small platform had been set up with a podium , most likely where hekate would give her the most prized possession of any young witch . 
 where no one was before , hekate suddenly appeared on the platform and willow gasped in surprise , as anyone would upon seeing the head prophesier . 
 hekate 's hair was blacker than a raven and her skin was as pale as a corpse . 
 her hair flowed down to the back of her knees . 
 she was thin , yet filled out in ways that men would drool over . 
 she wore a dark emerald gown that billowed all around her and wore a long red cloak that matched her thin , red lips . 
 her eyes were amazing . 
 they were constantly changing different colors . 
 she was everything mysterious , ancient , and powerful . 
 yet it was her essence that truly caught willow off guard . 
 she wore a thick gold necklace with a large sapphire stone on it . 
 the stone glowed and pulsed with an unnatural light , sending waves of power throughout the room . 
 willow could literally feel the power radiating from her . 
 she probably knew spells that were so far over her head , she could n't even fathom the depth of her knowledge . 
 on each of her long fingers , she wore rings . 
 the rings were more talismans , only adding to her power and majestic position among their kind . 
 willow could n't believe that hekate , queen of witches , head prophesier , was here for her . 
 as if knowing willow was thinking of her , hekate caught her gaze and curled a corner of her mouth . 
 other than that , she regarded the proceedings like a stone , never moving , yet movement flowed around her . 
 she watched idly as the warlocks and witches filled the room . 
 pandora came up to hekate and curtsied respectfully before approaching her on the stage . 
 hekate whispered something in pandora 's ear and pandora then turned to the crowd to announce for everyone to take their seats . 
 as they sat , portia-anna and pertussia approached willow . 
 they helped her to a table , which was near the front , close to where hekate stood . 
 the table had a golden tablecloth , designated as the honorary guest seating . 
 her sisters and willow sat at the table so they could see the guests in front of them . 
 the presence of hekate at her back , however , unnerved her , and willow fidgeted uncomfortably in her seat . 
 she knew hekate was staring at her . 
 willow could feel her ever-changing eyes on her back , and her face automatically heated from nervousness . 
 she did n't want to disappoint her , and she hoped she carried herself well . 
 pandora clapped her hands and the plates filled out with a delicious meal . 
 corn bread , cooked duck and quail , asparagus , broccoli , and potatoes appeared out of nowhere , smelling absolutely delectable . 
 soon , the clinking and clattering of silverware filled the hall , the guests enjoying the company of each other . 
 there was so much power that filled the room it was almost tangible , buzzing around in the air in invisible waves of energy . 
 even though there were different ranks of power present , firsts , seconds , and even thirds such as declan 's father emerson aldridge , everyone would respect the other . 
 at least for tonight they would . 
 willow spotted belinda a couple tables away from her and when she caught her eye , belinda smiled happily and waved . 
 willow returned the smile . 
 belinda wore a simple red dress , contrasting with her short brunette hair done in tight banana curls . 
 she wore her talisman proudly in her left ear . 
 it was a silver hook that glistened and glowed with a deep purple color . 
 willow imagined she cut her hair just so she could show it off . 
 it was very pretty , and fit belinda 's personality to a tee . 
 willow envied her beautiful talisman , but knew that she had to wait just a little longer until she received hers . 
 she was curious as to what it would be ... a necklace , ring or bracelet ? 
 she did n't care as long as it was hers . 
 the talisman was a prize every first longed to achieve . 
 certain spells and training had to be completed to earn this special device which channeled the internal magic that resides within each witch . 
 once a witch has achieved one , and places it on their body , it would remain there forever . 
 then , her advanced training in magic would finally begin , and willow would get to learn all sorts of interesting , intrinsic spells . 
 the road to becoming a second was challenging and vigorous , but willow had waited for this moment since she was a little witch . 
 a talisman could be removed through powerful dark magic , but the extraction process would suck the life out of the witch and be given to the one who tried to remove it . 
 it was a practice most abhorrent . 
 extractions were never performed ; at least , she 'd never lived to see a magical being attempt such a dangerous and dark act . 
 in the past , it has been tried . 
 but warlocks and witches alike stepped up to eliminate the extractor . 
 the darkness never lasted long before it was eliminated . 
 witches and warlocks take their talismans very seriously indeed , and willow vowed to guard hers with her life . 
 the music continued to play through the night after the meal . 
 the tables were cleared and several witches and warlocks made their way to the dance floor . 
 willow made her way towards belinda to chat , when someone abruptly stepped in her way . 
 she ran smack into a hard body and stumbled back in shock . 
 willow looked up to see declan aldridge blocking her view and her heart dropped . 
 declan stood tall and proud in his crisp , black louis vuitton tuxedo . 
 his deep chesnutt hair was longer than when she saw him last , and he now had bangs that swept across his forehead . 
 his dreamy hazel eyes sparkled mischievously , like he knew he was stopping her from going to see belinda . 
 there was haughtiness behind his gaze and she did n't like it one bit . 
 portia-anna was right though , declan was incredibly attractive . 
 he was tall and trim , with his broad shoulders pushed back slightly in excellent posture . 
 underneath his tuxedo , she was sure were well-built muscles . 
 declan cared about what he looked like , and it was obviously so . 
 okay , so he was attractive . 
 so what ? 
 he was still extremely annoying , making his good looks seem so unimportant . 
 his eyebrows rose slightly as he regarded willow with a cool arrogance . 
 her heart increased exponentially at his closeness . 
 her stomach pooled with jitters as she felt the nervous energy he always brought to her . 
 she thought she 'd be able to get through this night without encountering him , but she supposed she could n't get everything she wished for her birthday . 
 `` willow rose , '' he bowed slightly meeting her irritated stare dead on . 
 `` will you do me the honor of sharing your first dance with me ? '' 
 willow shifted uncomfortably under his unwavering gaze . 
 murmurs of `` awes '' and `` how sweet '' reached her ears and willow looked around awkwardly to find that several other witches and warlocks had stopped their conversations beside them to watch . 
 declan held his hand out , so confident that she would oblige . 
 willow wanted to say no . 
 she wanted to stomp her heel on his foot and choose another warlock instead , making him look like a fool . 
 but how would that make her look ? 
 arrogant and stuck up , no doubt . 
 not to mention his father was one of the greatest warlocks of the age . 
 it would be highly offensive if she denied his son a simple dance . 
 gritting her teeth and attempting a smile , she said back formally , `` it would be my pleasure , '' several more awes came from the witches and willow had to stop herself from rolling her eyes . 
 declan put her hand in the crook of his arm as he led her to the center of the dance floor . 
 she put her arms out in the proper form of dancing , trying to put enough space between them . 
 but declan stepped up close , putting his right hand on the small of her half naked back and put her hand on his shoulder , taking the other one in his left . 
 he then guided her stiff form closer to him until their bodies were a mere centimeter apart . 
 she inhaled his cologne . 
 he smelled really , really good . 
 she almost leaned into him , but then she quickly pulled back as she remembered who it was she was dancing with . 
 willow gazed into his face . 
 her eyes were in direct line with his plush mouth , and once again , she tried suppressing thoughts of his good looks . 
 her head was going to a place she refused to go . 
 she would not think about kissing . 
 nope . 
 she would n't . 
 but she would bet declan was a really good kisser . 
 okay , stop . 
 no more thinking about kissing , she told herself . 
 `` just follow my lead , '' declan said confidently as the orchestra began a slow tune as if she was n't already horrified by the idea of dancing . 
 he began moving and twirling willow across the dance floor . 
 she was suddenly aware of eyes locked on her , watching her every move . 
 she grew nervous . 
 what if she made a mistake ? 
 what if she made her coven look bad ? 
 why was everyone staring at her ? 
 `` ugh ! '' 
 declan moaned in her ear when she stepped on his foot . 
 when she did it again , he snapped at her . 
 `` will you stop it ? '' 
 and there was the declan she knew-demanding daddy 's boy that was used to getting his way . 
 willow huffed with impatience , willing the orchestra to hurry their song . 
 `` do n't lead so fast and then maybe i would , '' she snapped back looking down at her feet to concentrate . 
 she was not that great of a dancer to begin with , but the staring eyes were putting a lot of pressure on her to look like an elegant dancer , something she would never be . 
 `` oh , so it 's my fault ? '' 
 he taunted her . 
 `` yes , '' she said flatly . 
 `` you 're the one who asked me to dance , so yes , that makes it your fault . '' 
 `` ow , '' he winced when she stepped on his foot again . 
 `` well , i did n't know you were so terrible at it . '' 
 he then looked down at her and smirked knowingly . 
 `` but the one thing you are good at is stepping on people 's feet . '' 
 willow 's mind instantly went to their previous argument . 
 the look in declan 's eyes told her he was thinking the same thing . 
 `` you 're such a baby , '' she said trying to pull away from him . 
 but declan suddenly drew her closer until her body was flush against his . 
 his grip around her waist was strong . 
 she could n't move . 
 twirling her around , he leaned down and whispered in her ear , `` you 're just jealous that i 'm a better dancer than you ... and a better spell caster . '' 
 his lips tickled her ear as he finally guided willow out of the center of the floor towards the edge . 
 willow was bubbling mad , her emotions out of control . 
 he was doing this on purpose ; trying to get a rise out of her . 
 but she would n't play into his hand so easily this time . 
 a sudden idea formed in her head . 
 they stopped moving , but declan continued to hold her firmly . 
 she did n't want to think how it made her feel . 
 willow looked up at him , batted her eyelashes shyly , and ever so slowly stepped into him even more . 
 his eyebrows jacked up and his mouth fell open slightly . 
 he was confused by her . 
 there was no space between their bodies now . 
 willow leaned in close to his mouth and he froze . 
 his body was tense and still against hers . 
 whispering huskily and as sexily as she could , she said , `` you know what ? 
 you may be a better spell caster than me , but i 'm better at everything else ... '' his grip loosened on her instantly and she quickly squirmed out of his hold smiling complacently . 
 willow saw several emotions cross declan 's face , but then he just ended up looking pissed off . 
 willow flipped her hair off her shoulder and walked away from declan feeling rather proud . 
 tonight was her night . 
 she had beaten him at his own game ! 
 she practically seduced the poor warlock . 
 willow knew he did n't return those kinds of feelings towards her , but he was still a young guy , and young guys always act with their bodies first . 
 feeling like she was on top of the world , willow spotted belinda by the punch bowl , and made her way over to do what she had originally intended to do before declan so rudely interrupted her . 
 `` hey , b , '' she said and belinda turned to face her . 
 willow immediately noticed that something was wrong with her . 
 she looked really pale , almost drained . 
 her eyes were dull and her shoulders drooped as if she carried a great weight . 
 belinda smiled at her , but it did n't reach her eyes . 
 something was n't right . 
 where was the carefree belinda she knew ? 
 `` how was your dance ? '' 
 belinda asked lazily . 
 it came out as more of a sigh than an actual question . 
 belinda knew willow hated declan aldridge , and willow was sure belinda watched them the entire time they danced , probably in amusement . 
 however , there was no playfulness or teasing that she thought would come from her . 
 they 've always joked about him before , but now , she just seemed bored . 
 willow wondered if she was having a good time or not . 
 it seemed like she had been enjoying herself earlier . 
 `` belinda , are you alright ? '' 
 willow asked her cautiously . 
 `` i 'm just tired , '' she said and took a sip of her drink . 
 she looked off into the distance and barely acknowledged willow 's presence . 
 there was haziness to her eyes and she was blinking very slowly as if in a daze . 
 she poured herself a drink , thinking it was strange that she 'd be tired . 
 it was only nine o ' clock . 
 `` my magic ... i ca n't seem ... to channel it ... '' she said trailing off and willow paused nearly dropping the cup in her own hand . 
 she turned to observe her friend and her eyes shifted to look at belinda 's talisman . 
 there was no light coming from it-no glow or indication of magic whatsoever . 
 when willow looked closer , the silver hooked talisman had a faint gray color that was slowly spreading over her talisman . 
 the purple glow was gone and in its place , a small black dot was swirling like a vortex in the middle , which then began to spread over the gray color that had formed . 
 `` belinda , '' willow said strangely , `` your talisman is n't radiating magic like it should . 
 there 's a strange color on it ... . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 belinda asked , not sounding the least bit surprised . 
 she moved her fingers over her talisman , but then shrugged it off . 
 `` hmmm , i wonder what that means . 
 i 'm ... i think i 'm going to go sit down . 
 i 'm really , um , tired . 
 i 'll see you later , willow . '' 
 she walked away , staggering a little as if drunk . 
 willow sniffed her drink quickly . 
 perhaps someone messed with the punch and put a sleeping spell in it or something . 
 but willow did n't detect any strangeness to the drink . 
 no spell she knew of could turn a talisman a color like that , anyways . 
 something weird was going on with her . 
 willow contemplated finding her second in the westwood coven , even though she was n't sure who it was . 
 still , someone should know about it , especially since belinda was her friend . 
 as willow started walking around , she noticed several other witches ' talismans had the same misty gray color in them . 
 it was obvious which witches were affected and which were not . 
 some talismans had already turned completely black . 
 the witches who had the black talismans looked completely warped ; their faces drooped , like there was no life in them , and many of the witches were hunched over or sitting down with their heads dipped into their necks . 
 willow shuddered . 
 they looked almost dead . 
 most of the warlocks did n't seem fazed or even noticed anything was happening , as she only counted a few affected witches in the darker corners , but willow could n't shake the feeling that something was n't right . 
 she tried to find pertussia and portia-anna in the crowd , but the dance floor was more packed now . 
 willow would bet money that portia-anna would be over by the group of warlocks huddled in the corner . 
 as she made her way over there , many witches stopped her to say congratulations and make small talk . 
 she tried to be considerate , but gave curt responses instead . 
 she spotted declan surrounded by his group of friends . 
 there were several girls surrounding him , to her disgust . 
 charming declan was smiling and flirting with them , and she rolled her eyes . 
 typical . 
 willow stalked up to him , her fists clenched at her sides . 
 she would have to put her dislike towards him to the side momentarily . 
 `` declan , i need to talk to you . '' 
 he stiffened at hearing her voice , but then turned slowly and a lazy , cat-like smile crept up his face . 
 his friends behind him snickered about something . 
 `` could n't stay away , could you ? '' 
 he asked crossing his arms as willow put her hands on her hips . 
 his friends laughed behind him , only making declan 's smile widen . 
 willow 's face heated up with anger and something else ... lust . 
 `` get over yourself , '' she said slightly breathless , unable to help it . 
 sometimes , it was hard to deflect declan 's charisma . 
 `` i need to talk to you . '' 
 `` that so ? '' 
 he eyed her warily then turned to his friends and said , `` hey guys , did you hear that ? 
 the honorary willow tree is requesting my presence . 
 wow , i feel so special ! '' 
 she hated his sarcasm . 
 the girls around him snickered and gave her nasty looks . 
 the other young warlocks just laughed out loud , egging him on . 
 willow would n't be able to talk to him in front of his friends since he was being a jerk , and this was important , so she grabbed him by the waistcoat and roughly pulled him away from them . 
 `` hey ! 
 ugh ! 
 willow ! '' 
 he argued , but followed her anyway , stumbling when she pulled him faster . 
 they stopped at an area where there were very few people and she turned to face him . 
 `` geez , willow , '' declan said adjusting his waistcoat , and pushing his bangs away from his eyes , `` if you really wanted to get me alone , you could 've just said so . 
 i know how much you want me . '' 
 `` declan , something 's wrong , '' willow said panicky , ignoring his little comment and the way he smiled so conceitedly . 
 he furrowed his eyebrows and scowled , suddenly turning serious . 
 he looked her up and down hastily appraising her . 
 his hands moved as if he wanted to touch her , but then thought better of it and dropped them to his sides . 
 `` what 's wrong ? 
 are you hurt ? '' 
 `` it 's not me , '' she said annoyed and gestured to the crowd . 
 `` look around . 
 do you notice anything weird happening to the witches ? '' 
 declan scanned the crowd and the dance floor . 
 his eyes landed on a few of the witches that were hunched over . 
 there were more affected now than she thought . 
 about half of them were sitting down now and holding their heads as if they had some major migraines . 
 `` i do n't know , i mean , they look worn out . 
 this is a better party than i thought it was - '' `` no , declan , '' she interrupted shaking her head , `` look closer . 
 the talismans , they 're ... . 
 i do n't know , they 're not working ! 
 they 're all turning black ! '' 
 declan stared harder , then stepped in front of her , almost as if he was trying to shield her from something . 
 he turned back to willow looking concerned . 
 he was so intense sometimes , yet could be joking and sarcastic the next . 
 willow 's stomach did a weird flip flop , but she shrugged it off . 
 `` you 're right , willow , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm going to find my father . 
 you should try to find your sisters . '' 
 he started to walk away but then turned back and smirked , `` do n't do anything stupid . '' 
 he walked away . 
 willow called after him . 
 `` i 'm not a child , dec ! '' 
 he did n't turn around but continued towards his order . 
 she swore she heard him chuckling . 
 well , at least he noticed there was something strange going on , and it was n't just her vivid imagination running wild . 
 willow took off to find her sisters , getting more and more anxious as they were nowhere to be seen . 
 she saw declan talking to his father in deep conversation with others of the emerald circle , but there was no sign of her sisters anywhere . 
 a creeping panic began to well inside her . 
 where were they ? 
 where could they be ? 
 what happened to them ? 
 willow only saw them an hour ago at dinner , and it 's not like the ballroom was that big , so where were they ? 
 she was about to ask a witch at the punch bowl if she 's seen them when a strong power wrapped around her nearly bringing her to her knees . 
 she trembled slightly when she felt a breeze caress her bare back . 
 her skin felt slimy , like it was slicked in oil . 
 there could only be one person to force that kind of reaction within her . 
 `` willow rose , '' a deep woman 's voice spoke her name behind her . 
 she turned to find hekate , queen of the witches looking at her through solid black eyes . 
 her heart jumped . 
 she reminded willow of a ghost . 
 so pale and cold , her black hair and red lips were frightening against her white skin . 
 she barely moved , but her beady eyes seemed to take her in all at once . 
 she did n't expect her voice to be so deep . 
 `` before the ceremonies begin , i must speak with you alone . 
 step outside with me . '' 
 it was a command , one that was expected to be followed . 
 willow 's heartbeat only increased as this witch that could kill her with one word wanted to speak with her ... alone . 
 she had no idea what it could be about , but it must 've been important . 
 perhaps she would give instructions about the talisman before she presented it to her . 
 willow was worried , but found her head was automatically nodding yes . 
 she could n't refuse her . 
 so she followed hekate to the main foyer . 
 they slipped past warlocks and witches as if they were n't even there . 
 nobody even turned around to watch them leave . 
 it was strange , since everyone was constantly staring at her earlier as the center of attention . 
 willow could n't shake the feeling that something was n't right . 
 her instincts were buzzing and everything inside her screamed at her to run the opposite way and find her sisters . 
 but all she could do was follow hekate as she guided her through the darkness of the grounds , her heart quickening with every step . 
 she left the party as the night engulfed her . 
 chapter 3 toil and trouble hekate guided willow along the stone path that twisted and winded through the gardens . 
 the very air around them stilled and the sky darkened when she past as if the shadows knew her . 
 hekate walked to willow 's rose garden and turned around in front of the small bench that she usually sat on for thinking . 
 the hedges were taller here and willow could hear the trickling of a small fountain in the distance as well as the faint sounds of music being played . 
 apparently , no one was missing her . 
 willow looked back to see a faint light coming from the windows of the house . 
 it was welcoming in there ; out here , she felt vulnerable and defenseless . 
 disrupting her thoughts , hekate asked , `` do you know your purpose in this world , willow rose ? '' 
 her eyes had turned to a deep shade of purple , making her look even stranger in the moonlight . 
 willow 's nervous hands fidgeted in front of her . 
 `` the same as any witch , your highness , '' willow responded , her voice coming out more even and confident than she felt . 
 `` to honor tradition and help those who ask , using magic for the good of others . '' 
 hekate looked at her darkly and folded her hands in front of her ; the talismans on her fingers clinked together causing small sparks to lighten the dark around them and sneered . 
 `` i saved you from death and the bitter streets that would have destroyed you . 
 i knew you were special the second i laid eyes on your discarded form . '' 
 willow 's breathing grew shallow . 
 she never knew her life before she was brought to the southwick manor , but from what very little information she could gather from her sisters , she was abandoned as a baby and left to die until hekate found her . 
 she was an orphan on the cold streets of winter , and hekate saved her and gave her a home before death could claim her . 
 but as hekate continued to talk to willow , dread overwhelmed her . 
 she did n't want to know about her devastating past . 
 she just wanted to know why hekate was bringing this up now . 
 `` i do n't save everyone , '' hekate said firmly and looked away from willow . 
 when she looked back , a twisted look crossed her face before she masked it into stone again . 
 `` you are different , willow . 
 for you see , little one , i tried to murder you . '' 
 willow stepped back , stunned . 
 she could n't even gasp as the ability to breathe assailed her . 
 she could n't think straight . 
 what was going on ? 
 why was hekate telling her this ? 
 this was hekate ! 
 the good , powerful witch who saved all those who are lost ; this was the hekate she remembered . 
 standing before her now was someone completely different than her memories . 
 even pertussia talked and worshipped hekate like a goddess . 
 was pertussia wrong ? 
 stuttering , willow asked , `` wh-wh-what did you say ? '' 
 `` sometimes it 's better to rid the world of lost souls , '' her cold gaze pierced her , `` especially if their magic is weak . 
 i did n't realize you were a healer until i attempted murder on your life . 
 you healed without a potion or a spell ! 
 it was blasphemy ! 
 ridiculous ! 
 your body just restored itself without aide . 
 there has n't been a healer in any coven for generations ! 
 i thought my power was playing tricks on me when it happened . '' 
 `` what ? 
 what does it mean ? '' 
 willow asked , tears pricking her eyes . 
 she could n't comprehend what hekate was implying . 
 hekate let out a small , breathy laugh . 
 `` is n't it obvious ? 
 with the power you possess , you can cure anyone and any ailment by just thinking and touching them . 
 no spell . 
 no potion . '' 
 the memories of willow 's earlier incident in the bathroom rushed back to her . 
 she was able to heal the cut on her arm . 
 without a potion . 
 willow glanced down at her forearm , the skin there smooth and healthy . 
 she remembered feeling accomplished about this task , but she was certain it was a power advanced witches could do too , at least , on very small cuts . 
 `` that power , '' hekate continued , `` was just too good to pass up . 
 you see , i 'm the most powerful witch of this age and ages past . 
 i can not be bested by any , but sadly , i do not possess this special gift of healing without aide . 
 how you came to have it is beyond my wisdom . '' 
 she looked off into the distance seeming sad . 
 then , she turned back to willow . 
 her eyes were now a silver orb . 
 `` i made your sisters swear an oath not to tell you until this night . 
 it is my decision alone to give you your talisman . 
 but with your talisman , your powers will only increase . 
 this ... well , '' she chuckled darkly , `` i can not allow . '' 
 anger rushed inside her , threatening to overflow like a river . 
 willow knew she should be afraid . 
 she knew hekate was beyond her in power and skill , but all willow felt was anger and hate bubbling in her gut . 
 hekate would n't give her talisman to her ? 
 never has a witch been denied this ! 
 it was her right to have it ! 
 it was hers ! 
 destined for only willow ! 
 how dare she do this ! 
 `` there was a prophesy foretold long ago that one day someone will take my place , '' hekate continued without acknowledging willow 's inner struggle to remain calm , `` a healer , as it were . 
 this healer would rule with compassion and grace for decades . 
 this healer , i believe , is you . 
 how fortunate for me i stumbled upon you in the streets ! 
 how fortunate that i knew exactly what you were and who i would give you to . 
 i 've watched you for years , waiting for this moment ... '' `` why not kill me when i was a baby , then , if i am such a threat to you ? '' 
 willow gritted through her teeth , her hands were in tight fists by her side . 
 paranoia and terror fueled her anger . 
 hekate had been keeping tabs on her ? 
 watching her for sixteen long years and she had n't even noticed ? 
 willow 's magic sizzled inside her , begging to be released , but she kept it under control . 
 `` because you have a shield on you , you insolent child ! '' 
 hekate yelled . 
 `` i could n't break the enchantment around you until your sixteenth birthday . 
 even my power could not touch you . 
 the magic in you is beyond me , '' she sneered , `` but trust me when i say this , i would have killed you , willow rose . '' 
 she smiled nastily at the same time her hands unfurled and revealed a small wooden box . 
 `` do you know what 's inside this box ? '' 
 she hissed like a snake . 
 `` i 'll give you a hint , little one . 
 i 've decided to name it pandora 's box . 
 catchy , is n't it ? '' 
 hekate cackled a chilling laugh that left her speechless and confused on the sudden change in topic . 
 willow 's jaw dropped when hekate cracked the wooden lid . 
 a small light appeared within the box illuminating the night with rays of yellow and white . 
 suddenly , moans of anguish , of voices in agony released a painful cry into the night . 
 hekate quickly shut the lid and the sounds died instantly . 
 a quiet fear crept up in its place . 
 hekate smiled maliciously as she waved her hand and the box disappeared again . 
 willow knew what it was . 
 `` there are souls in there ! 
 people ! '' 
 willow gasped as fear gripped her , taking hold of her and penetrating through her body . 
 she trembled uncontrollably even though the night was warm and humid . 
 it was a cold that came from wickedness and fright . 
 `` you catch on quickly , willow rose , '' hekate said and adjusted her dress as if having a dozen souls locked within an enchanted box meant nothing to her . 
 `` where are your sisters ? 
 where are half your guests ? 
 surely even you noticed i was beginning to drain their power , their life force tonight ... one by one all falling under my spell , making me the most powerful witch ever ! '' 
 `` pandora ! 
 pertussia ! 
 portia-anna ! '' 
 willow called out to them , but her cries were extinguished by hekate 's cruel laughter . 
 the dead silence around her mocked her as a dawning realization hit her like lightening . 
 `` you 're an extractor ! '' 
 she cried and stepped back , a bush harshly snagging her gown . 
 thorns and twigs poked at her like jagged fingers trying to ensnare her in an embrace . 
 the souls hekate trapped inside that box added to her power . 
 she may have even killed a few to gain their talismans . 
 `` why ? '' 
 willow squeaked out and tried backing away , but the hedge blocked her retreat . 
 `` because i want power , you fool , '' she said simply and then cocked her head eccentrically . 
 sounds of running feet stomped in the distance . 
 she looked back to willow and said , `` and i 'm running out of time . '' 
 hekate waved her hands in the air and willow was immediately wrapped in a vortex of wind . 
 the wind tugged and whipped her dress and hair in all different directions , spiraling and gaining unnatural speed . 
 willow screamed as it tossed her in the air , her arms extending and stretching their full expansion . 
 willow was trapped in a tornado , the violent wind making her stand still in midair as it continued to circle her . 
 willow 's shoulders felt like they were ripping out of their sockets . 
 the air shimmered around her and a deep pull so strong jerked deep within her body that she lost the breath that filled her . 
 seconds later , she dropped to the ground on her knees as a great weight was lifted from her . 
 she felt and heard several bones in her body crack and break and she wailed in pain from the impact of the hard ground . 
 `` what did do you ? '' 
 willow cried as tears poured down her face . 
 her composure was gone . 
 she was losing it . 
 the pain was unbearable . 
 she gripped her knees in agony knowing tendons were ripped , the bones fractured and cracked . 
 `` the shield is gone , '' hekate cackled and clapped her hands in glee . 
 `` the power of the healer will be mine and i will soon be unstoppable ! 
 i will be the most powerful witch in the world ! '' 
 she said this as a rushing chill of terror cascaded down willow 's spine . 
 as if remembering she was still there , hekate cast her hateful gaze upon willow . 
 `` do n't worry , willow , this will be over soon . 
 i can not guarantee it will be painless though . '' 
 she laughed again and raised her arms in the air . 
 this was it . 
 willow was going to die . 
 her short life would be ended in her garden . 
 willow looked at her rose bushes , trying to find beauty in the dark world . 
 it would be the last thing she ever saw . 
 the roses were white and pure , delicately tended and watched over to produce such big and lush flowers . 
 she loved her roses . 
 through her blurry eyes , a strange calm encompassed her as she turned and faced hekate , staring her in her coal black eyes . 
 she could n't hide or escape her . 
 she was just as trapped as those souls in pandora 's box , but willow refused to cower . 
 willow refused to let hekate see her break , yet she was already broken . 
 willow 's mind grew hazy . 
 hekate 's smile suddenly expanded higher than her cheeks and her mouth revealed razor sharp teeth . 
 the whites of her eyes turned black and she laughed in a deep , dark voice . 
 the garden was spinning as the demon before her approached , long black nails reaching out to grab her . 
 she wanted to fight and get up and run away , but her body felt like lead weight and was numb to the core . 
 she did not have the strength to move an inch . 
 hekate opened her mouth wider than imaginable , her features turning dark and hollow . 
 with great effort , she started sucking and inhaling the wind around her . 
 the wind raised willow up on her feet and no matter how much she tried clenching her jaw , her mouth was forced to open . 
 willow 's knees screamed in pain , her back flared with an internal fire she could n't douse . 
 she felt dizzy as oxygen exited her body in swirling tendrils . 
 then , she watched in horror as hekate began sucking the life from her . 
 but not only was her life being taken , but willow 's magic was being drained ! 
 it came out of her body in glistening , golden waves upon the wind . 
 hekate continued to suck without remorse . 
 she was stealing willow 's essence . 
 willow saw black dots before her and knew she had seconds before she blacked out and would never wake again . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 a deep voice bellowed somewhere in the distance . 
 rushing feet echoed in willow 's dizziness as she tried to remain coherent . 
 hekate screeched ferociously and turned on the intruders . 
 the sucking and extraction process stalled and willow fell to the ground unable to move . 
 she inhaled oxygen as fast as she could , trying to get her muscles to move and escape from the abomination in front of her . 
 but it did no good . 
 willow 's whole body twitched and convulsed with pain until she could n't take it and her body suddenly stilled . 
 hekate was halfway through the extraction process and willow was laid completely paralyzed in the scratchy grass , her body a splintering , tangled mess . 
 hekate blasted red fire at whoever it was that came , and soon ashes fell all around willow like snow as a loud electric sound vibrated and popped in the air . 
 willow used her peripheral vision to watch helplessly as witches and warlocks were fighting to restrain hekate . 
 a great loss hit her when she realized the ashes were from bodies . 
 witches were igniting into flame all around her as hekate threw fire at them , and it was clear that hekate was winning . 
 she could take on twenty warlocks and witches as if they were ants , and she was a giant with a magnifying glass , taking pleasure in incinerating the magical beings . 
 flames and gray and black smoke engulfed the garden , killing willow 's beautiful flowers and the land that she loved . 
 some warlocks tried to douse the fire by producing water , but the flames were unnatural . 
 they were green and red and burned with an everlasting energy . 
 they could n't be put out with simple water ! 
 but the warlocks were more concerned with stopping hekate than coming up with a better way to kill the flames . 
 willow lay immobile as her eyes welled with tears and dripped down her face . 
 her roses were dead . 
 `` willow ! '' 
 a soft , scared voice came to her side . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 she could n't respond but felt fingers prodding her body . 
 tears blurred her eyes and streaked down her face , but even now , she felt the rejuvenating magic inside her burst to life . 
 it hummed and buzzed in her ears , and soon she was able to twitch her fingers . 
 when hekate released the shield on her , it allowed willow to tap into her internal healing magic . 
 it was strange , but she felt stronger and in tune with her body and mind . 
 in fact , her body was healing itself on its own , and very rapidly . 
 her broken bones were mending together and willow wanted to scream and yell in pain , but she could n't . 
 it was torture , being unable to talk or scream or move . 
 the pain was so intense she thought she would pass out , but the darkness refused to take her . 
 `` do n't worry , willow , i 'll get you out of here , '' the voice said shakily and whistled softly . 
 strong , secure arms lifted her body and held her close . 
 willow could feel a broom underneath her and seconds later felt the whoosh of wind on her face as she soared up in the sky . 
 her belly filled with butterflies as she was unable to steer and see where she was going . 
 she managed to turn her eyes on the scene below her . 
 green and red lightening lit up the sky . 
 warlocks were pressing forward with the green power . 
 warlocks , she recognized , were from the emerald circle . 
 emerson aldridge led the charge against hekate . 
 the garden was on fire . 
 as if hekate sensed willow was n't in the garden anymore , a great scream filled the night . 
 the chaotic sounds of the fight quickly died away as she and her rescuer swiftly flew away into blackness . 
 willow did n't know who grabbed her and she could n't tell in the dark . 
 willow watched helplessly as the southwick manor and everything she knew was left behind . 
 tears continued to streak down her cheeks and she was relieved to be able to blink her eyes again . 
 they burned from the smoke of the fire , but underneath the burning , her eyes stung with the loss of her sisters , who were now trapped in the box of souls in hekate 's possession . 
 willow was n't familiar with that kind of magic , but she knew they could be saved . 
 they were still alive . 
 if any of her sisters had died , she would know it through the coven 's bond . 
 determination lodged in her body . 
 a flicker of hope caught hold in her mind . 
 she could free them . 
 somehow , she would find a way , even if it killed her . 
 she would try her hardest to save the ones she loved . 
 after a short ride , the broom was descending and finally stopped moving . 
 willow 's body was still healing , and it tingled from repairing the numbness that had gripped her . 
 she could n't shake the feeling that she was some kind of freak . 
 was hekate serious about the healing power ? 
 was she really a healer ? 
 what does that mean about her ? 
 what was going to happen to her ? 
 willow was being carried by those strong arms again . 
 it was uncomfortable and awkward , lying limp , but she heard the sounds of doors opening and closing and then she was dumped upon a soft mattress . 
 the lighting was dim , and she still could n't tell who it was that rescued her until an extremely familiar voice made her wince . 
 `` you 're safe now , willow tree , '' the deep voice said . 
 `` the emerald circle will protect you . '' 
 willow cracked open her eyes and gazed on a blurry form above her . 
 the lighting in the room was extremely faint , but there was no denying that declan aldridge was the warlock who rescued her . 
 his deep colored bangs fell in his forehead as he leaned over her , adjusting willow to a sitting position . 
 `` do n't touch me , '' she growled out painfully , thankful she was able to talk . 
 she made an effort to move herself . 
 declan backed up shocked and his hazel eyes fell on her in the dark . 
 they burned with intensity and worry , but he was frowning . 
 willow was able to move herself a centimeter , but her arms were still weak , so she stopped and just lay limp where she was . 
 willow hated feeling helpless , and certainly did n't want help from declan . 
 `` well sorry for trying to help , '' he snarled back angrily . 
 `` and here i was thinking i did the right thing by saving you from ... i do n't know , your death ! '' 
 `` just stop it , dec , '' she snapped back . 
 `` i 'm not feeling good at all . 
 just please leave me alone ... '' `` i do n't think you should be alone right now , willow . 
 if someone tracked you -- '' `` i can handle it , '' she said curtly . 
 he smirked at her and crossed his arms . 
 `` yea , i saw how well you ` handled ' it against hekate . '' 
 `` what you saw and what you think you saw are two different things , '' she retorted , unable to confess the fact that she was more than grateful for his rescue . 
 in fact , if it had n't been for him , she would probably be dead right now . 
 call it what it was , but she just did n't want to admit it to him how vulnerable and desperate she really was . 
 why did it have to be declan to rescue her , anyway ? 
 where were all the other warlocks ? 
 he sighed . 
 `` you 're so stubborn . '' 
 `` i 'll take that as a compliment , '' willow said and settled back into the soft pillows . 
 `` i 'm going to get someone . 
 if anything happens ... just scream . '' 
 `` oh geez , thanks , '' willow said sarcastically , `` i did n't know that 's what you 're supposed to do when you 're being attacked . '' 
 declan laughed and shook his head , walking out of the bedroom . 
 he left the door wide open and light from the hallway streamed into the room lighting up the shadowy areas . 
 willow took a moment to look around the bedroom and immediately grew uncomfortable . 
 this was declan 's room , she was sure of it . 
 just by the décor alone , it was obvious . 
 there was a laptop in the corner on a desk and an hdtv hanging on the wall in front of her . 
 he had dark hardwood floors and his room was painted a deep green , except for a large yellow lightening bolt that flashed across the room every few seconds . 
 it was charmed to do that , but she could n't help but think this was a pretty cool room . 
 willow was never allowed technology , and felt a twinge of jealously at his fancy gadgets . 
 then , an even more disturbing thought filled her head . 
 she was sitting in declan 's bed . 
 his bed nearly took up half the room it was so big . 
 he had a warm , fluffy green comforter and several white and gold pillows . 
 she could easily drift asleep in here . 
 willow rubbed her eyes and paused . 
 her arms were moving ! 
 willow 's upper body had finally recovered from the extraction and had gained back some strength . 
 she drew a deep breath and squished herself between two large pillows in the center of his bed . 
 sleepiness clung to her like a sedative drug . 
 if only she closed her eyes for just a second ... . 
 `` willow , '' a voice called her from above . 
 she felt arms shaking her shoulders . 
 she did n't open her eyes or budge . 
 this bed was too comfortable , like it contained some sort of sleeping spell . 
 willow was n't ready to wake up yet . 
 she did n't even know how long she 'd been asleep , but she did n't care . 
 it was extremely relaxing . 
 she did n't want to open her eyes ; they still burned from lack of sleep . 
 in fact , she could easily sleep for another twelve hours or more she was that exhausted . 
 it must 've been part of the healing process ; rest was essential . 
 `` go away , declan , '' she moaned groggily and tried rolling away from his persistent attempts to wake her up . 
 `` you know , i 've always wanted a witch chick in my bed , '' declan said sultrily above her , lowering his voice to sound sexy . 
 willow 's eyes instantly shot open . 
 he was smiling with his perfect teeth . 
 `` gotcha , '' he said then glanced over his shoulder as a small , slender woman came into view . 
 declan stepped aside and willow immediately knew it was his mother . 
 she was short and small , but beautiful with large hazel eyes and the same chesnutt colored hair as declan . 
 hers was wavy , though , and fell down her shoulders . 
 there were subtle caramel highlights that caught the light when she moved . 
 she was very pretty indeed . 
 `` willow , this is my mom millicent . 
 mom , this is willow tre -- i mean , willow rose , '' declan said and looked at her , humor lighting his face . 
 willow bit her tongue in order to suppress the smart comment that almost escaped her mouth . 
 she wanted to act mature in front of the wife of the most powerful warlock in the emerald circle , and being sarcastic was not the way to go . 
 `` it 's great to meet you , finally , willow , '' millicent said in a soft voice . 
 she wore a dress of white linen just as willow 's sisters preferred , and sadness overcame her . 
 she almost forgot why she was here and how she almost died . 
 it seemed like a dream that only a few short hours ago , hekate had nearly claimed her life . 
 `` we have much to discuss . 
 but first , how are you feeling ? '' 
 willow took a second to analyze herself . 
 she cleared her throat before speaking . 
 it came out scratchy from lack of use . 
 `` better . 
 i can finally move my body now . 
 there 's no pain . '' 
 `` so , it 's true then , '' millicent said looking at declan in awe . 
 he was standing at the end of the bed with his arms crossed watching the conversation with avid interest . 
 `` you 're a healer ? '' 
 `` um ... i do n't really know , '' willow said half-truthfully . 
 `` hekate says i am , but , right now all i need to do is help my sisters . '' 
 `` where are they ? '' 
 `` in a box of souls . 
 hekate keeps the box ... '' she trailed off , a swell of anxiety and fear curled through her stomach at the dawning realization of how dangerous her situation was . 
 reality set in like a rock as her heart sank . 
 hekate almost killed her . 
 how could she possibly hope to have a fighting chance against her ? 
 she would n't give the box up willingly . 
 would she have to fight hekate ? 
 how could she save her sisters when she felt so powerless ? 
 millicent 's features grew sad . 
 `` hekate has betrayed us all . '' 
 `` indeed she has , '' a deep voice bellowed in the doorway . 
 willow turned her head around millicent to see emerson aldridge filling the frame with his commanding presence . 
 he looked weary and disheveled as he was covered in ash and soot from the neck down . 
 his clothes were tattered and ripped , but he still radiated power . 
 he turned his stormy gaze upon willow and she shrunk inwardly as he briefly nodded , regarding her as if she were a fly on the wall . 
 `` welcome to our home , willow . 
 i 'm afraid we do n't have much time . 
 you must meet me in the living room in fifteen minutes . 
 we 're having a meeting . 
 millie , i trust you clean her up and give her some clothes . '' 
 he turned to leave , leaving willow stunned . 
 what did he mean they did n't have much time ? 
 she was safe here , was n't she ? 
 the emerald circle would protect her . 
 what was going on ? 
 did they manage to kill hekate ? 
 was it over ? 
 declan followed his father out of the door leaving willow with millicent . 
 with a flick of her hands , faded jeans and a dark green t-shirt appeared . 
 `` it 's not exactly stylish , but you should probably dress casual . 
 we do n't know what to expect . 
 i 'll show you to the bathroom where you can take a quick shower , '' she started moving away from willow still holding the clothes in her hands . 
 willow staggered out of the bed , her legs felt wobbly and unstable , but she kept her balance and followed millicent to the bathroom . 
 she left her to shower , and willow took a brief moment assess herself . 
 her dress was ruined . 
 rips and strips of fabric hung everywhere , leaving her stomach mostly exposed . 
 willow 's cheeks heated with embarrassment as she realized she had been half naked in front of declan . 
 her eyes looked worn and tired , and her hair was dampened from sweat and covered in dust and dirt . 
 it stuck out wildly , but still held the curls and natural spirals . 
 she had dirt on her nose , neck , arms and legs . 
 she looked like a hot mess . 
 willow quickly shrugged out of the dress , anxious to feel the soothing water against her skin . 
 the shower did her wonders . 
 although she was only in for ten minutes , the grim and grease of the night was washed away in the warm , calming water . 
 once dressed , willow made her way to the main living room . 
 the aldridge mansion was huge and elegant . 
 a grand spiraling staircase led to the upstairs bedrooms , hardwood floors and intricate furniture filled each room . 
 everything was put into place so perfectly and clean it almost looked like nobody lived here . 
 crystal chandeliers hung from the ceiling and a beautiful picture was painted on it . 
 it was a mosaic with bursts of color and pattern , making it seem like you were falling into the ceiling . 
 willow grew dizzy just by looking at it , so she continued her way to the sound of voices in a room off the main hallway . 
 willow walked in , and every eye in the room turned their gaze on her . 
 she only expected the aldridge family . 
 what she did n't expect was the entire emerald circle warlocks gathered in one place . 
 at least thirty people filled the room . 
 some warlocks were sitting , and others were standing and conversing quietly . 
 there were a few witches here as well , standing beside their husbands or talking to the others around them . 
 the lighting was dull , and the fireplace burned a green fire that cast a glowing , eerie light on the faces closest to it . 
 no one spoke for the longest time . 
 everyone was just staring at her , assessing willow with their judgmental expressions . 
 she was nervous and was sure that they could hear her heart beating out of her chest . 
 willow was only sixteen . 
 today was her birthday and she had lost her family , never received her talisman , almost died , and found out she was a freak in the magical world . 
 her future was uncertain , and as she watched the warlocks before her , their features dark and questioning , willow knew that she was n't safe . 
 something was wrong . 
 the somber , angry faces told her so much more than words could . 
 trouble was heading her way , and there was nothing she could do about it . 
 chapter 4 bunches and barrels the green fire heated willow 's face and dried her hair as she sat on the floor facing the warlocks around her . 
 she spotted declan on the couch across from her . 
 he was wearing a t-shirt that revealed a tribal tattoo banded around his upper left arm . 
 upon further observation , willow saw that most of the warlocks had the same symbol marked somewhere on their bodies as well . 
 warlocks did not own talismans like witches did , but instead , marked themselves with a special symbol designating them to their specific order . 
 it was very elaborate looking and contained spells and magic within the ink that allowed the warlocks to strengthen and control their magic . 
 the symbol acted like a talisman , but they also drew upon the circles ' magic as well , which made their magic far more superior to witches since they could also use the magic of their companions . 
 the emerald circle was the most powerful order , which meant each warlock in this room was extremely powerful as an individual . 
 emerson did not let just anyone into his order . 
 willow recognized a tall , hefty figure towards the back of the room . 
 it was bane , emerson 's right hand man . 
 he was a powerful ally , practically matching the great warlocks ' skill and magic casting ability . 
 willow remembered portia-anna raving about him and his strength and how she would gladly accept a marriage proposal from him . 
 remembering portia 's carefree spirit and flamboyancy , sorrow pricked her eyes . 
 she wished her sisters were here to help her . 
 she longed for them to be here . 
 she needed them , and for once in her life , they were n't there . 
 she had no one to comfort her and even in a room full of people , she felt all alone . 
 every warlock in the room was covered in ash and dust . 
 they had participated in the fight , and they looked worn out and tired , especially since it was well past midnight . 
 everyone at the party had come to their manor expecting food , fun , dancing , and excitement . 
 what they received was chaos , death , betrayal , and loss . 
 `` many things were discovered tonight , '' emerson interrupted willow 's dismal thoughts . 
 `` hekate has betrayed all magic casters . 
 she attempted to extract willow 's life , but failed , thanks to you , my brethren . '' 
 emerson bowed his head respectfully to the warlocks , acknowledging their efforts and bravery . 
 it was what made emerson a great leader . 
 he was respected by all , but he seemed to respect them even more and gave them the praise they deserve . 
 `` but tonight , '' he continued , `` is not a victory . 
 hekate is still very much alive and much more powerful than we could possibly imagine . 
 over the years , she has accumulated more than a dozen talismans , extracting and building her magic . 
 she is a great threat ; one that needs eliminating immediately . 
 in our efforts tonight , we have found out that it will take combined magic to do this , not just from the emerald circle . 
 hekate is not undefeatable , though . 
 her goal unfortunately was focused on willow , who is much more than she seems , '' emerson 's eyes flicked to her . 
 `` it turns out that willow rose of the southwick coven is a healer . '' 
 the people in the room who did not know this information immediately began whispering and looking towards willow 's direction with questioning eyes and bewildered expressions . 
 `` is this true ? '' 
 a petite woman asked out loud . 
 `` how can it be ? '' 
 another warlock spoke up disbelieving , `` there has n't been a healer in five centuries ! '' 
 `` you would know , ludwick , '' declan snorted from the couch . 
 `` only you were born during the stone age . '' 
 he laughed at his joke then yelled when ludwick slapped him on the back of his head . 
 `` let 's find out , '' bane 's gruff voice boomed in the back of the room . 
 it suddenly grew silent as a grave at his admission . 
 declan 's attempt at making the situation lighter had failed . 
 bane strode forward until he was in the center of the room , filling the space and making the room feel small . 
 bypassing the table and emerson 's raised brow , he stopped in front of willow and regarded her carefully . 
 bane 's dark skin glowed from the fire and cast a shadow across the floor making him seem like a giant . 
 he unfolded his clenched fist to expose a large gash on his palm . 
 the wound was still seeping dark blood , and willow 's stomach heaved with nausea at the sight . 
 `` heal it , '' he commanded . 
 willow winced . 
 `` she may not be strong enough , '' millicent interjected with worry , reaching out to willow . 
 she was seated next to declan on the couch . 
 emerson held up a hand to silence her and then turned to willow . 
 crouching down to her level , emerson held his unwavering gaze upon her and said softly , `` willow , we do not mean to be so pressing , and we understand if you feel too weak or sick to do this . 
 the decision is yours . '' 
 literally `` sick '' of people judging her and thinking she was n't good enough , willow stood to her feet defiantly . 
 even though she was a first , she did n't like being looked down upon . 
 there was only one way to find out if she was truly a healer , perhaps even a way to prove herself in front of them , even though she had no idea how . 
 emerson stood along with her , his expression carefully hidden as bane held his hand out to her . 
 being careful not to touch the wound , willow held the back of his hand within both her palms . 
 even then her small hands were hidden underneath bane 's massive one . 
 nothing happened . 
 she heard bane give a huff of mockery , expecting her to fail , waiting for her to fail . 
 ignoring him , willow looked closer at the wound . 
 she did n't really know how to begin , but imagined it closing , the skin coming together to heal , and the blood receding back into his opened sore . 
 feeling the familiar tug of her magic , her hands became warm and a tingling sensation washed over her . 
 focusing more on mending the wound , willow nearly gasped in surprise when she felt his blood pumping faster , racing towards the wound , the white blood cells coming to his aide . 
 she felt it , encouraged it , willing it to speed up the healing process . 
 carefully , she coaxed his hand with hers , slowly moving her hands across his rough skin . 
 bane exhaled a sigh of relief when the wound closed completely and no longer bled openly . 
 his pain , that he hid so well , was gone . 
 willow watched in fascination as new skin formed , threading together like fabric . 
 the healing process stopped and willow let go , somehow knowing that it was finished mending . 
 a small pink scar was the only evidence of bane ever being cut so fiercely . 
 even the dried blood on his hand had vanished . 
 bane stepped back and looked down at willow in pure astonishment . 
 being as cordial as a warlock like bane could be , he nodded his head and muttered , `` thanks , '' before retreating back to his earlier spot . 
 emerson came to stand beside willow forcing attention to turn on him , rather than the gawking , incredulous stares she was receiving . 
 `` put up barriers around the land now , '' he stated . 
 several warlocks left the room immediately in a buzz of activity , bane following on their heels barking orders . 
 the others who were left just stared at willow like she was a freak . 
 she certainly felt like one . 
 she stared down at her hands in wonder . 
 emerson turned to face her and pulled her aside to a corner of the room . 
 `` willow , '' emerson said lowering his voice so only she could hear , `` i believe you are n't safe here . '' 
 willow 's heart beat furiously in her chest . 
 somehow , she knew this too . 
 after her newly discovered powers , she felt jittery , like someone was after her , in particular , a sadistic psycho witch . 
 `` i also believe that there 's more to this than we know . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 she managed to ask though her throat was dry from nervousness . 
 `` i believe it has something to do with your talisman . 
 hekate did n't have it in her possession tonight . 
 she does n't want you to have it . 
 it 's my opinion that she has hidden it somewhere ... somewhere you would never look ... or would want to . '' 
 `` i do n't understand , '' willow said , `` she was the only one who could give it to me . 
 she must have it . '' 
 emerson chuckled slightly . 
 `` that , my dear , is only a rite of passage . 
 as a magical race , we like to make a big show and ceremony out of receiving a talisman . 
 as you know , it channels the magic and makes you stronger . 
 because hekate is the most honored of our kind at the present age , it is only fitting for her to present it to you . 
 but the talisman does n't answer to her . 
 it 's yours alone . 
 hekate knows what it is , though , but she is not allowed to keep it on herself or even hold it for long because she has n't extracted it from you . 
 the talisman recognizes its owner , and even though she desires it , she can not possess it unless you die . 
 it was never her intention to give it to you tonight . 
 she has hidden it to stop you from having it . 
 does that make sense ? '' 
 `` i think so , '' willow said hesitantly , `` but i still do n't know where my talisman could be . '' 
 `` for that we must find a seeker . 
 and i happen to know the best one in town . '' 
 `` emerson , '' willow said before he could turn away , `` do you mean to tell me that you want me to find my talisman ? 
 now ? 
 what would that do ? 
 i mean ... my sisters , they 're ... . 
 they 're ... '' willow choked on her words . 
 emerson rested his hand on her shoulder and looked into her eyes sympathetically . 
 willow never noticed how gray his eyes were . 
 beautiful and dark , they held years of wisdom and affection . 
 they were so different from declan or millicent 's hazel color ; different in an appealing way . 
 `` i know you want to save your sisters . 
 but attacking hekate head on without a battle plan right now would be suicide . 
 in order to save them , you must get stronger as a witch . 
 being a healer is an extraordinary gift . 
 you have been given an extraordinary gift , willow . 
 but find your talisman first and then you may be strong enough to save your sisters . 
 remember , you are not alone in this . 
 you have the emerald circle here and several others who will support you . '' 
 `` then let 's find this seeker , '' willow said , still unsure of herself , her power , and her healing capabilities . 
 but the idea of finding her talisman tempted her , called to her in such a way that unanticipated desire coursed through her . 
 willow found the room nearly emptied . 
 people were going home , awaiting orders from emerson , or setting up a magical boundary if hekate came knocking on the door . 
 willow doubted hekate would try to penetrate the defenses of the emerald circle manor house tonight . 
 the aldridge 's owned more than ten acres of land , which had several houses designated for his warlocks and their families to stay . 
 he cared about the members of his order , and protecting them was the number one priority . 
 willow found herself admiring the head warlock of the emerald circle . 
 `` declan , '' emerson called his son over . 
 he quickly looked at willow before turning to his father . 
 in that split second of eye contact , willow almost imagined an affectionate look coming from him . 
 `` get me bane and henry . 
 they 're coming with me and willow to find the seeker . '' 
 `` seeker ? '' 
 declan asked , then shot willow another look with his blazing hazel eyes . 
 he searched her face strangely . 
 `` is she in danger ? '' 
 declan never took his eyes off her when his father answered him . 
 she , however , did n't want a stare down with him and turned her gaze on emerson . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 but we need to find out where her talisman is . 
 only a seeker can do that . 
 i know it 's late , but we ca n't delay . 
 the more we wait , the riskier it gets . '' 
 declan frowned . 
 `` i 'm coming . '' 
 `` no , son . 
 leave this matter to stronger magic casters . '' 
 `` father , i 'm coming , '' declan said forcefully . 
 emerson sighed and ran a hand through his dark hair . 
 millicent came by his side and ran her small hand over his arm . 
 `` let him , emerson , '' she said softly . 
 `` willow may need someone to ride a broom with her . '' 
 `` well , i -- '' willow tried protesting but was silenced when declan shot her a dangerous look . 
 emerson missed the dynamics between the two and gave in to his wife . 
 `` if you insist , declan , then come . 
 but do not slow us down . 
 go get bane and henry and be ready to leave in a half hour . '' 
 declan turned his back and walked out of the room in silence without a second glance . 
 well , that was weird . 
 she wondered why declan wanted to go . 
 he was only a first like her and was n't experienced in magic like bane and henry . 
 was he trying to prove himself worthy to his father or something ? 
 in any case , willow found herself being shuffled out of the room by millicent , who gave her a backpack . 
 in it she packed an extra pair of clothes , apples and bread , a flashlight , and bottled water . 
 `` i think i 'm missing something , '' willow said when millicent handed her the bag . 
 `` am i going somewhere ? '' 
 millicent shrugged . 
 `` you ca n't be too prepared . '' 
 that was all she said , leaving willow even more confused . 
 she walked outside the mansion . 
 it was still dark , but the lights from the house lit up the night around her . 
 bane , henry , and emerson were all mounted on their brooms . 
 extravagant , long , and powerful machines , these were n't ordinary brooms . 
 they were thick so at least two people could sit side by side and be comfortable . 
 they had a device on the bottom that looked like a small engine , perhaps a turbo ? 
 what was even more bizarre than their machine looking brooms was that each warlock had a long , glinting sword strapped to their waists . 
 swords ? 
 she glanced sideways at declan getting on his broom . 
 even he had one ! 
 what would swords do against magic ? 
 were they planning on fighting hand-to-hand combat ? 
 why would they when they had magic ? 
 she swallowed thickly as she saw declan motioning to her . 
 willow gripped the straps to her backpack and walked towards him , her heart pounding the whole way . 
 declan was wearing dark jeans and a black t-shirt that said , `` sarcasm is just one of my many talents '' . 
 she rolled her eyes and thought that his shirt actually defined him pretty well . 
 when she reached him , he patted the seat next to her and said , `` hop on my ride , baby . '' 
 was that sarcasm ? 
 willow punched declan in the arm while simultaneously climbing on the broom to sit next to him . 
 declan was n't fazed by the hit . 
 he did n't even wince . 
 she heard chuckling across from her and saw henry , a second , beside them smiling . 
 he was lean and attractive , with dark brown hair and dazzling blue eyes . 
 henry winked at her and lifted into the air . 
 willow 's heart stuttered and then she was lifted into the air as declan took off . 
 ten minutes into the ride , willow could n't take the silence anymore . 
 questions buzzed around her mind and nervousness got the best of her . 
 she imagined the seeker being a skeleton creature with a dark hood holding a staff . 
 eyes that could read right into her soul and know her deepest , darkest secrets . 
 she had never met a seeker before . 
 in fact , she had n't met any other magical creature on earth besides her own kind . 
 she lived a very sheltered life and now knew why ; her sisters were protecting her . 
 `` who is this seeker ? '' 
 she asked aloud . 
 declan glanced at her and shrugged . 
 `` do n't know . '' 
 `` you 've never met a seeker before ? '' 
 `` no . 
 my father says she 's the best in the world , though . '' 
 `` she ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' declan said staring ahead of him . 
 `` from what i know , her name is carmela and she owns an exotic fruit store . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 willow 's interest spiked . 
 `` that 's weird . '' 
 `` why is that weird ? '' 
 declan almost smiled . 
 `` have you ever met a seeker before ? '' 
 `` well , no , but -- '' `` everybody has to make a living , somehow . '' 
 declan seemed distant and curt , which was how he always was , but willow could n't help but press him further . 
 `` what will she do to me ? '' 
 she whispered , still frightened of the idea of meeting this seeker , even if it was a female . 
 `` nothing , '' was all he said . 
 they started to descend , and willow saw lights from a small city illuminating the night sky . 
 it was almost dawn , but hardly any activity had started . 
 on the very edge of town , a small cottage came into view . 
 smoke was rising from the chimney , and the house was decked out in all different colors . 
 bright oranges , reds , and greens splotched the house in a colorful array of designs . 
 it was both beautiful and quaint at the same time . 
 as they dismounted their brooms and came to the front door , she noticed two fruit stands below the windows on either side of the small doorway . 
 the stands were filled with carambola , mangoes , passion fruit , lychee , and other various fruits toppled high onto the wooden crates . 
 it was a beautiful display . 
 above the door , a sign hung that said `` bunches and barrels '' . 
 beneath it in small script , it said `` taste your every desire ... if you dare '' . 
 strange , but it seemed fitting for a seeker . 
 the door burst open , and light streamed out of the entryway . 
 a gorgeous figure stood in the frame . 
 she had waist length white hair and was dressed in gypsy garb . 
 she wore a long , pink peasant skirt that brushed the floor and had an off the shoulder shirt with a flower design on it . 
 around her waist was a thick gold belt . 
 the intricate belt had various items dangling from it : ginger , flowers , small bottles , and to willow 's surprise , a small cage with a cockroach in it . 
 the seeker was adorned in gold jewelry from head to toe . 
 bracelets , armbands , earrings and anklets , she was covered in it . 
 the seeker had tanned skin and big brown eyes that sparkled mischievously . 
 her face was young and vibrant . 
 she watched the warlocks with a smug grin and crossed her arms , leaning on the door frame . 
 her eyes glanced over everyone , lingering slightly longer on willow . 
 `` seeker , '' emerson said and bowed formally , `` we 've come for your help . '' 
 `` i know why you 're here , '' the seeker said laughing . 
 `` i 've been waiting . 
 come , '' she motioned inside . 
 as each warlock entered , they stopped to kiss the seeker on the cheek . 
 even declan did . 
 when it was willow 's turn , the beautiful seeker gave her a comforting hug and kissed both her cheeks making willow 's face burn red . 
 `` it 's an honor to meet you , willow rose , '' she whispered in her ear and then floated away to lead the men to the living room . 
 the house was small . 
 the front room was all business , with more fruit and a counter with a cash register on it as well as a board with prices . 
 several large wood barrels were filled with delicious looking apples , and pretty decorations hung from the ceiling . 
 but the seeker led them past the shop , through a door towards the back . 
 back here was all a large open space . 
 a small living room held a couch and two rocking chairs . 
 beyond that was a small kitchen and fireplace , where a small fire burned . 
 jars of who knows what lined the kitchen counter . 
 the place smelled thick with spices of cinnamon and nutmeg . 
 the cottage was not at all what willow would have pictured for a seeker 's home . 
 there was a closed off area with a thick black curtain hiding something . 
 garbled sounds were coming from it . 
 the seeker motioned for the men to sit . 
 declan came behind willow to take her backpack off her and sat it down by the couch . 
 once again , she wanted to slap him . 
 was he trying to practice chivalry in front of the seeker ? 
 she could 've taken the bag off herself ! 
 she was n't that incapable ! 
 she glared hatefully at him . 
 the seeker watched as this was happening but did n't say a word . 
 she looked like she knew something willow did n't . 
 she was a seeker , though , and seekers were supposed to be perceptive . 
 `` seeker , '' emerson said after everyone was seated , `` we need to know where to find willow 's talisman . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 she asked smiling knowingly . 
 `` big bad witch stole it from her ? '' 
 she said it teasingly , but willow 's body convulsed with chills . 
 `` hekate hid it ... '' `` something wicked this way comes , '' the seeker said , still smiling . 
 `` will you help us , seeker ? '' 
 `` oh , stop the formalities , emerson . 
 truly , how long have you known me ? 
 call me carmela . 
 and you know there 's always a price for information such as this ... '' willow 's heart sunk . 
 a price ? 
 what did she mean ? 
 would someone have to donate their kidney or their eye ? 
 was it money she sought ? 
 what did she want ? 
 her worry grew with each passing moment . 
 `` of course , '' emerson said , `` i offer an emerald . '' 
 he produced a large round stone from his pocket . 
 the emerald sparkled from the light and was a deep evergreen shade . 
 an emerald was indeed a pricey item , coveted by most magic casters . 
 an emerald from this warlock order , however , was far from an ordinary stone . 
 it could transport someone wherever they wanted to go . 
 it had unlimited use and was very rare . 
 willow gaped at it stunned . 
 that was a great gift , but why would emerson give such a prized possession away like that ? 
 did he have a ton of emeralds stashed away somewhere to just give away like it was no big deal ? 
 he seemed willing , almost eager to give it to her . 
 the seeker 's eyes danced as she took in the beauty of the emerald . 
 `` i have many portals , '' carmela said , her bold eyes locked and remained on the emerald . 
 `` but sadly they do not take me wherever i desire . '' 
 she cleared her throat and held her hand out , `` the price is paid in full . '' 
 emerson handed the emerald to her and the seeker stood . 
 she went behind the dark curtain and rummaged around before coming back out with a small glowing ball , an orb of some kind . 
 `` the oracle , '' carmela said looking at willow , `` will tell me what i seek . 
 i 've already seen glimpses of your future , willow rose . 
 it does not look promising . '' 
 willow 's stomach lurched at the news , but carmela winked at her . 
 well , that was not comforting . 
 carmela placed the oracle on the table in front of where she sat . 
 as she closed her eyes and touched it , the light instantly dimmed and smoke blew out from the ball . 
 the fog blew around the room and she inhaled the scent of sweet incense that made her head feel fuzzy . 
 carmela hummed low and swayed back and forth in her seat . 
 willow fidgeted awkwardly as she watched the seeker . 
 her throat went dry , like she was about to be given her death sentence . 
 suddenly , the seeker 's eyes flew open . 
 her brown eyes were now stark white . 
 carmela 's voice was deep as she chanted . 
 `` the talisman you seek lies deep in the everwild . 
 darkness and evil hinder the way . 
 the road is long , the spirit is strong , but the night obscures the day . 
 past the water that falls to the river , inside the cave of crystals that shiver . 
 the healer is led by desire to save . 
 hekate 's power shall build her own grave . '' 
 the lights turned back on and willow was now shaking . 
 fear and shock replaced all feeling and she went numb with terror . 
 her breathing increased and her chest heaved with hyperventilation . 
 `` well , that was interesting , '' carmela said brightly , but the room remained silent . 
 no one said anything for the longest time . 
 carmela let the information sink in everyone 's thoughts . 
 the strange chant kept repeating in willow 's mind over and over and over again . 
 the everwild ? 
 her talisman was in the everwild ? 
 the massive , uncharted forest where humans can not go and every magic creature fears ? 
 it was a place so dark and evil that no one has come ever come out alive . 
 a place where wild things roam , dark magic festers , and impossible labyrinths and mazes keep anyone from getting out ! 
 the everwild was only told in child stories and nightmares . 
 oh , it existed . 
 but it did just that . 
 exist . 
 it was n't a place that anyone should go in willingly . 
 ever ! 
 `` i have a portal to the everwild . 
 no cost for that , '' carmela said laughing and breaking the silence . 
 `` only two may go , i 'm afraid . 
 i 'm assuming willow is one of them . 
 who will be the other ? '' 
 `` bane , '' emerson said without hesitation looking to the other third . 
 `` he is strongest and will protect her . '' 
 bane nodded and willow looked to him . 
 he was strong , but had the personality of a rock . 
 the seeker said it was a long journey ? 
 willow groaned . 
 `` yes , '' carmela said and glanced at willow slyly . 
 a look past between them and then carmela 's eyes shot to declan 's . 
 he had his head bowed , and his shoulders shook a little , but other than that , he seemed okay . 
 `` willow , you know of the everwild ? '' 
 emerson addressed her , his eyes burning into hers . 
 `` yes , '' she whispered afraid her voice would fail her . 
 `` your talisman will guide you . 
 am i correct , seeker ? '' 
 emerson asked , concern etching his face . 
 `` of course , '' carmela waved her hand nonchalant . 
 `` the journey will not be easy , though . 
 the everwild is filled with tricks of its own . 
 it will be a dangerous road . 
 dangerous , but necessary , i 'm afraid . 
 apparently hekate thought you would never venture to such a length as to go into the everwild . 
 she hid it in a cunning place , deep in the heart of that nasty place . 
 in order to defeat hekate and save the ones she loves , the healer must go into the everwild . '' 
 carmela stood and went behind the curtain . 
 as she came back , she had assorted bottles in her hands . 
 she opened willow 's backpack and placed them in it . 
 `` these will help you on your journey , willow . 
 i must advise you . 
 using magic is extremely dangerous . 
 any magic will draw things to you . 
 it 's like a signal , a beacon , calling all sorts of magical creatures to come out of their homes and the dark places they hide . 
 things will be drawn to your healing power , anyway . 
 you are unique , but you are also a walking target . 
 so i have to warn you . 
 be careful . '' 
 willow jumped up . 
 `` how will i ever find my talisman ? '' 
 she asked in a wad of nerves . 
 `` if the everwild is like you say , how will i survive ? '' 
 willow finished shaking so badly that she could n't sit still . 
 `` your talisman will call to you . 
 when you get closer to it , you 'll just know . 
 as the magic inside of you , your talisman is a part of you . 
 it will know you , and you will know where to find it . 
 simple . '' 
 `` how is that simple ? '' 
 willow asked and buried her hands in her face . 
 `` that does n't explain anything at all ! '' 
 the warlocks stood and gathered their things . 
 nobody answered her . 
 things were happening so fast willow wanted to scream her lungs out . 
 she did n't even have time to clear her head , now filled with horror and dread of the unknown . 
 `` we do n't have much time , '' carmela said , not answering her question . 
 `` i 've already opened the portal . 
 we have only minutes until it closes again . 
 i can only open it every thirty days . '' 
 `` you dare seeker ! '' 
 emerson said enraged . 
 `` no warning or time for preparation ! '' 
 carmela just shrugged , none the least bit fazed . 
 `` brothers , i need to talk to you , quickly , '' emerson said and motioned to the other warlocks . 
 declan came by willow 's side as she fumbled putting the backpack back on . 
 carmela came up to him and whispered something in his ear that made his eyebrows quirk up . 
 `` good luck , dear , '' carmela said coming up to her . 
 `` remember what i said about not using magic . '' 
 she pushed and shoved willow towards the curtain , making her trip over her heavy feet . 
 `` hey ! 
 wait ! '' 
 declan shouted behind them . 
 before she knew what was happening , willow was thrown through the curtain . 
 a swirling vortex of white and silver light was all that was back here . 
 beyond the vortex , willow saw thick , dense trees . 
 the everwild lay just beyond . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 declan 's voice shouted somewhere behind her . 
 `` father ! 
 bane ! 
 henry ! '' 
 willow screamed as she was thrust through the vortex , falling into nothingness . 
 she could n't feel the ground , her body felt heavy as she twirled and swirled through the nothingness . 
 `` help ! '' 
 she screamed in the void and then seconds later smack ! 
 she hit her body on hard ground , back facing upwards . 
 she had landed awkwardly on her backpack ; her legs twisted under her . 
 willow looked up into the sky . 
 it was twilight and all she could see were huge brown trunks and branches . 
 dark green leaves swayed in the breeze and rustled all around her . 
 the trees blocked the sky making it dark , but every so often she caught glimpses of burning stars above . 
 in the distance , the sound of wings and a shrill call from some kind of bird echoed longingly through the wind . 
 willow stood up and brushed the dirt from her knees . 
 she had just adjusted her pack when something harshly rammed into her , knocking her flat on her back . 
 again ! 
 she screamed from the impact and the whiplash of the fall . 
 something caught her ! 
 a creature ! 
 she was dead ! 
 a hand came up and clamped her mouth shut when she continued to scream . 
 `` stop screaming ! '' 
 the voice hissed . 
 willow stilled . 
 it was n't bane or any scary creature from the everwild . 
 she looked up to see declan on top of her , effectively pinning her down with his body . 
 where was bane ? 
 why the heck was he here ? 
 she squirmed and grunted into his hand , but he continued to lye on top of her . 
 `` i 'm going to remove my hand now , '' declan said piercing her with his eyes , `` do n't scream , okay ? '' 
 willow quickly nodded as he removed his hand and rolled off her . 
 she gasped for air . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 willow exclaimed breathless . 
 declan stood above her and offered his hand . 
 he helped pull her up , but did n't look happy . 
 `` how do you think ? '' 
 he snapped . 
 `` carmela pushed me through the portal ! '' 
 he put his hands on his hips and looked around skeptically . 
 the breeze picked up sending chills down willow 's spine . 
 they were in the everwild . 
 this was uncharted territory , unaffected by human life-untainted by the threat of deforestation . 
 they were placed right in the middle of the scariest place on earth , completely void of time and space . 
 it was like the earth itself stopped moving and was waiting for wild things to grow . 
 it was eerie and strange , the trees were twisted and evil looking . 
 `` what do we do now ? '' 
 willow said , her heart beating wildly . 
 she was all alone with declan , no shelter or anything to hide her from the shadows and dark things that were surely hiding and waiting to snatch them up . 
 they were left to fend themselves with no aide of magic . 
 the dark sky grew darker and the stars loomed hauntingly over them . 
 the silence in the sky made her wonder if the stars watched them through the cracks in the trees , waiting for something disastrous to happen . 
 she would be lying if she said she was n't scared . 
 what if a monster walked out of the trees and ate them ? 
 or worse ! 
 something coming out of the ground and eating their bodies in the middle of the night ! 
 willow looked all around and only saw dark forest . 
 she squinted her eyes to see if she could see any movement . 
 it looked like it was endless in depth . 
 the nocturnal beasts were probably watching them as they stood there , waiting for the perfect moment to come sink their teeth into them . 
 willow imagined terrible creatures coming towards her and she scooted a little closer to declan . 
 it was colder now as a constant breeze blew . 
 even though it was a total waste of mental energy , willow tried to imagine she was in a safe place , even though she knew she was n't . 
 `` we should start walking , '' declan said and started to move . 
 `` it 's probably not safe to stay in one place for too long . '' 
 `` we just got here , '' willow said , but hurriedly followed after him . 
 declan adjusted the holster with his sword and looked at her . 
 `` exactly , '' he said as they ventured deeper into the everwild . 
 chapter 5 the faker `` this sucks , '' declan complained for the twenty-fifth time . 
 he was using his sword like a knight to chop down the thick hanging vines that had blocked their path . 
 no matter which way they turned , they had to maneuver through the foliage , and it was n't fun at all . 
 there was no trail and no possible way to navigate . 
 the undergrowth of the forest was dense and willow had already fallen several times skinning her hands and knees . 
 their difficulty only increased when darkness had set in . 
 willow swore she felt invisible eyes all over her , but every time she looked around , there was nothing . 
 that gnawing feeling of `` hey , there 's something watching you , '' just would n't go away . 
 several times she heard a quiet laughter that sent chills down her back . 
 it was unmistakable . 
 something was following them . 
 `` maybe you should n't have entered the portal , '' willow told him bleakly when declan cursed at another vine . 
 declan whirled on her . 
 `` i did n't enter the portal . 
 i was shoved into it ! 
 big difference . '' 
 `` if bane were here ... '' willow muttered under her breath . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 he snapped . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 willow took back what she had thought earlier about being in the company of bane . 
 he would n't be complaining like the big baby in front of her would . 
 he would have accepted this mission and helped her any way he could . 
 but what she got instead was declan , even if , -lrb- every now and then -rrb- , she would find herself admiring his muscles from behind . 
 they stopped to take in their surroundings . 
 willow pulled out a water bottle and handed it to declan , who greedily sucked it down in one gulp . 
 his back was sweaty from the physical effort of chopping down plants and he looked miserable and exhausted . 
 they had n't slept or stopped for at least five hours now . 
 willow felt like she was getting nowhere . 
 the everwild was a winding labyrinth . 
 every now and then , it pushed them in a specific direction . 
 sometimes , willow would steer declan a different way , just by her feelings alone . 
 carmela must have been wrong , though , because she felt no pull whatsoever towards her talisman . 
 every tree looked exactly the same as the one beside it . 
 it felt like they were going in circles . 
 eventually , light streamed through the trees-the dawn of a new day . 
 it did n't improve anyone 's mood though . 
 it was still dark ; the thick canopy of trees blocked a lot of light . 
 `` where should we go now ? '' 
 declan asked grumpily . 
 `` shh , '' willow said straining , `` i think i hear something . '' 
 she zipped her backpack up and listened intently . 
 she heard declan breathing and the trees ' rustling in the breeze , but beyond that was the discrete sound of running water . 
 willow was sure of it . 
 a river ! 
 did n't carmela mention a river ? 
 past the water that falls to the river ... . 
 yes ! 
 a river ! 
 it must be the river ! 
 left ! 
 it was coming from the left ! 
 without thinking , willow took off running . 
 blindly , she held out her arms , pushing branches and bushes out of the way . 
 she ran and ran and ran , the sound of running water getting closer and closer . 
 she heard declan yelling for her in the distance but she did n't stop . 
 if only she got to the river , maybe they could follow it to the cave where her talisman was ! 
 finally , she burst through the thicket into a clearing . 
 a massive tree stood in the middle of the open land . 
 all alone , it was standing by itself . 
 the bright sun 's rays poured out of the sky onto her and filled the clearing with light . 
 the sudden light blinded her momentarily . 
 it was weird , how all of a sudden a clear spot appeared , but willow knew without a doubt that the river was beyond that . 
 she picked up speed , gaining ever closer to the sound of rushing water . 
 that 's when the sound of water abruptly died . 
 what willow heard now was n't the sound of rushing water at all . 
 it was more like a strong , rolling wind . 
 she circled around , listening for the water . 
 she knew the river was close . 
 she heard it just seconds ago ! 
 what way should she go ? 
 she turned in a circle trying to pinpoint the river . 
 what was going on ? 
 `` willow tree ! '' 
 declan burst into the clearing running full speed towards her . 
 `` willow tree ! 
 willow tree ! '' 
 willow whipped around to see declan running and shouting at her . 
 her blood boiled at hearing that stupid nickname ! 
 she was sick of it ! 
 she hated that name ! 
 `` stop calling me willow tree ! '' 
 she screamed back at him . 
 she was so furious that she accidentally sent a wave of magic at him . 
 it violently impacted him and he fell to the ground five feet backwards . 
 declan jumped up faster than possible and was sprinting towards her again pointing at something behind her . 
 `` behind you ! 
 willow tree ! '' 
 willow turned just as a large tree branch whipped around and crashed hard into her abdomen before she could even react . 
 the branch picked her up throwing her high up in the air . 
 she was skyward , flying up and up until gravity thrust her down like a rocket . 
 she screamed watching tentacle-like branches sway and swirl at incredible speeds below her . 
 the tree was alive ! 
 on the way down , a higher branch hit her roughly in the back , sending her straight into the mass of waving branches . 
 `` declan ! '' 
 willow cried for him . 
 her body felt like it was shattering as each branch came crashing down on her , pinning her down and whipping her with resilient force . 
 willow felt every hit to her body like she was being stoned . 
 her flesh tore open with gashes as she tried to claw her way out of the tree , but she could n't even move an inch . 
 the tree had her locked down tight . 
 she screamed and cried out in pain . 
 `` help me declan ! '' 
 just when she felt she could n't take the beating anymore , a branch picked her up and shot her out of the tree . 
 she flew thirty feet away from it and watched in horror as the ground came closer and closer . 
 she was gon na hit ! 
 her arms and legs were flailing wildly as there was nothing that stood between her and the hard , course land . 
 then , out of nowhere , declan appeared and jumped up , catching her before she could hit the ground . 
 he gripped her tight and they both careened to the hard earth , declan twirled at the last second and landed on his back taking the brutal impact of the ground . 
 they slid several feet before they came to an abrupt stop . 
 willow heard declan gasp when she fell on his body and knock the wind from him . 
 several heartbeats passed before anyone moved . 
 declan had a death grip on her and held her firmly in his arms . 
 her body screamed in agony . 
 willow felt blood seeping out of her and she feared what she would find . 
 her body felt like it was on fire . 
 she trembled and buried her face in declan 's chest as the pain and adrenaline rush all surfaced at once . 
 she could n't help the tears that fell from her face , pouring out of her and drenching declan 's shirt . 
 `` willow , '' declan 's voice was hoarse and hesitant . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 willow just continued to cry and declan held her steady for a while longer . 
 `` can you move ? '' 
 he whispered in her ear . 
 `` i ... think so ... '' she mumbled after a while , tears kept falling from her eyes . 
 amazingly , she felt her body already doing its healing work . 
 the pain was still unbearable , though . 
 her backpack was firmly attached to her back , and she was thankful it protected her back from the slashing . 
 it was a little awkward trying to detach herself from declan 's hold , but she was finally able to come to a sitting position , every movement hurt . 
 she hurriedly looked herself over and gasped in shock , the pain spiking as she peeled her jeans up to her knees . 
 her calves and arms had strips of skin hanging from them . 
 dark blood stained her clothes . 
 she lifted her shirt , not caring if declan saw her injured stomach . 
 despite her shredded arms , her stomach hurt the most , and there was a massive bruise stretching across her abdomen where the tree limb smacked into her . 
 the bruise was nearly five inches thick , and was a dark bluish purple . 
 it hurt to breathe . 
 she wondered how she was alive right now . 
 the beating was enough to kill her . 
 she heard declan curse and looked up at him . 
 his face was covered in scratches as well as his arms . 
 his hair was wildly tussled everywhere and his shirt was torn , but he was staring at her with wide eyes full of concern . 
 `` god willow , '' he said and inched closer to her . 
 `` what can i do ? 
 how can i help you ? '' 
 he touched her stomach lightly and she jumped . 
 it was n't from pain , though , it was just unexpected . 
 `` i 'm sorry , god , i 'm so sorry . 
 um ... let 's get this bag off you . '' 
 willow just watched with wide , teary eyes as declan knelt on his knees and tenderly helped her take the bag off her shoulders . 
 the weight lifted from her and she drew in a deep breath , which hurt her body even more , but her skin had already closed and her body tingled and warmed as it cured . 
 declan opened the bag and started rummaging for something frantically . 
 he pulled out the bottles carmela put in there , reading each one . 
 he went through about three until he found something . 
 `` try this , '' he offered her the bottle . 
 `` healing elixir . '' 
 `` declan , '' willow moaned . 
 it hurt to even talk ! 
 `` i 'm a healer , remember ? '' 
 `` this will speed it up , '' declan prompted . 
 `` just drink a little . '' 
 `` we need to save that , '' willow said , `` what if something worse happens ? '' 
 `` look at yourself willow , '' declan said worried , `` what could be worse than that ! 
 please , just do it . '' 
 `` it looks worse than it feels . '' 
 `` stop being so stubborn and drink , '' declan reprimanded uncorking the bottle . 
 `` or do i have to force it down your throat ? '' 
 `` fine , '' she relented and reluctantly took the small bottle from him . 
 she drank about one third of the soft pink liquid that slid easily down her throat . 
 it was cold . 
 really cold . 
 she coughed as the elixir slowly settled in her stomach . 
 then , her stomach burned and willow sat back on her hands and closed her eyes , letting the elixir work its way through her system , a burning sensation rippling all over her body . 
 it hurt and felt good all at once . 
 ten minutes passed and she could breathe better . 
 another five and the soreness receded . 
 willow opened her eyes minutes later and looked at her arms and legs . 
 her body was healed . 
 no scars , no blood . 
 she lifted her shirt . 
 the bruise had vanished . 
 she glanced at declan and he watched in awe . 
 she handed the bottle back to him . 
 `` now your turn . '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` you 're covered in cuts too ... '' `` i do n't need any . 
 we need to save it . '' 
 `` so it 's okay for me to drink it but not you ? 
 how is that fair ? 
 you practically begged me to drink elixir , and when i want you to , you do n't ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' declan said condescendingly . 
 `` my cuts are n't as bad as yours . 
 you need it , i do n't . 
 end of story . '' 
 `` my body heals itself , dec , '' she said grumpily , feeling cheated into taking the elixir when he would n't . 
 `` i did n't need it either . '' 
 `` well you should listen to me either way , '' he scolded . 
 `` i 'm just trying to help you . '' 
 `` i do n't need to listen to you if i do n't want to , declan , '' willow said and crossed her arms . 
 `` and i can take care of myself . '' 
 `` sure you can , '' declan said sarcastically . 
 `` let 's see , i helped rescue you from hekate , i chopped down all those vines and branches to make a better path for you , and i caught you from falling to your death from the crazy willow tree . 
 yeah , maybe you 're right . 
 you could 've handled those situations by yourself . '' 
 `` ugh ! '' 
 willow threw her hands in the air . 
 `` out of all the freaking warlocks in the world , i got stuck with the know-it-all who thinks he 's mother teresa ! '' 
 declan just laughed at her . 
 willow sat brooding at him until he asked , `` what made you take off like that , anyway ? 
 you ran like something was chasing you and your life depended on it . 
 i did n't even have a chance to blink and you were gone ! '' 
 `` i thought i heard the river , the one that carmela talked about . '' 
 `` so you just decided to leave me in the dust and take off by yourself in the everwild ? '' 
 he was angry . 
 `` well ... i guess i was n't thinking clearly . '' 
 `` obviously , '' he said and frowned . 
 `` you could 've been killed willow . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry okay ! 
 but i did n't think i would be in danger of a tree ! '' 
 she looked back at the tree , it was still wiggling and whipping it branches around wildly . 
 `` it really is a willow tree , '' she thought out loud watching the long branches and the wispy leaves flowing from them . 
 it was beautiful -lrb- from a distance -rrb- . 
 it was like the tree had its own mind , creating its own wind , swaying and beating and reaching out to nothing . 
 it looked like an octopus out of water . 
 perhaps that was why there were no other trees grew near it . 
 the flying limbs would n't let anything come close to it . 
 `` yeah . 
 a willow tree , '' declan said shaking his head . 
 `` well i did n't know ! '' 
 willow turned to him frustrated , `` that 's what you call me ! 
 i thought you were yelling at me to stop ! 
 how was i supposed to know that i was in danger of an actual willow tree ? '' 
 `` well , i was calling you that at first because i could n't find you , '' he admitted and stood to his feet . 
 `` but then i saw the tree and i panicked ... '' willow stood too and brushed herself off . 
 she felt 100 % better . 
 `` note to self : watch out for trees . '' 
 willow said and hastily pulled twigs and leaves from her unruly hair . 
 she deeply regretted not having a hair tie . 
 it was beyond unmanageable . 
 she did n't even want to see herself in a mirror . 
 to her surprise , declan walked around her and helped pull some of the leaves from her hair . 
 `` ouch ! '' 
 she whined as he yanked particularly hard at one twig that was twisted within her tangled curls . 
 `` old man willow got you beat ? '' 
 a silky , deep voice announced . 
 willow froze as spine-tingling terror shot through her . 
 declan 's hands dropped from her head and he pulled her against his chest defensively . 
 willow 's heart fluttered wildly as they searched for the voice . 
 no one was in clear view . 
 `` who 's there ? '' 
 declan yelled drawing his sword and pushing willow behind him , away from the direction of the voice . 
 the sword glinted in the daylight , and even though they had the light on their side , it did n't hinder the anxiety that was coursing through her . 
 `` do n't you mean , who 's not there ? '' 
 the voice taunted . 
 it came from the right and high . 
 willow whipped her head up and searched the trees . 
 there was no figure , shadow , or any sign of anything around . 
 her panic heightened . 
 `` show yourself ! '' 
 declan said , his voice even and confident . 
 `` or i swear i 'll kill you . '' 
 `` ohhhhhh , '' the voice said sadly , `` oh that hurts , '' the voice quieted . 
 seconds passed before they heard anything more . 
 then , very faintly , they heard the distinct sound of crying . 
 crying ? 
 the sound increased until a loud wailing bellowed around them . 
 it was a genuine , guns blazing , cry your heart out sound , as if someone 's heart had shattered into a million irreparable pieces . 
 `` stop it and show yourself ! '' 
 declan said and started walking towards the sound . 
 willow followed on his heels . 
 suddenly , in the trees , a very large raccoon looking creature emerged , looking down on them with large , round neon green eyes . 
 the eyes had no pupils and did n't blink . 
 the raccoon was a dark gray with black rings on its tail and it was rather round in the middle . 
 what was even more stunning was that the creature did n't have a nose but a wide mouth with rows of razor sharp teeth in it . 
 the creatures ' ears were three times the size of its body and were long and pointy like a rabbit . 
 he also had large , black bat-like wings sprouting from his back . 
 this creature was beyond bizarre in appearance . 
 `` what are you ? '' 
 declan bellowed as they came to the bottom of the trunk where the creature sat . 
 he pointed the sword at the creature which was several feet higher than them ; far out of reach to do anything about it . 
 `` why should i tell you ? '' 
 the creature cried , with actual tears that fell in streams down its face . 
 `` you 're just a big meanie that wants to kill me ! '' 
 `` well , it was n't nice to hide and scare us like that , '' willow said softly from behind declan 's back . 
 the creature stretched its neck out to peer around declan curiously . 
 its ears twitched . 
 declan 's body was covering most of her , and the backpack he had on blocked the creature from seeing her face . 
 the raccoon paused for just a second before howling with laughter . 
 it laughed and laughed and held its belly with its tiny paws , rocking back and forth on the tree limb , hysterical laughter radiating from him . 
 what was going on ? 
 this thing was just crying a second ago and now he was laughing ? 
 declan glimpsed behind him and gave willow a questioning look before turning back to the creature . 
 `` oh , witches and warlocks , '' the creature said wiping the tears that were now from laughter away from his eyes . 
 `` i forgot how gullible they are ! '' 
 `` will you please tell us who you are ? '' 
 willow said angrily stepping out behind declan . 
 that seemed to get his attention , and he turned to her , watching her with those glowing orbs of green . 
 `` well ... if it is n't a healer , '' the creature cooed . 
 `` i knew it . 
 i could smell your power from a mile away . '' 
 `` how do you know who i am ? '' 
 willow demanded . 
 the creature shrugged and pointed to his head . 
 `` intuition . '' 
 with fury behind his words , declan said , `` just shut up and tell us who the hell you are ! '' 
 `` oh ... you 're not fun . 
 he 's mean that one ... '' the creature pointed at declan and began to cry . 
 his big mouth pouted as tears started falling from his eyes . 
 `` stop it , you faker ! '' 
 declan howled at the creature . 
 he dropped the sword and jumped up to the first branch to pull him up . 
 the creature just hopped to a higher branch and laughed . 
 `` bingo ! '' 
 it said happily and pranced around as if to taunt declan . 
 declan groaned and dropped back to the ground . 
 `` i should have known , '' declan grumbled and turned to her . 
 `` i 've read about these things before . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 willow asked . 
 declan looked back and eyed the creature with a death stare . 
 `` a faker . '' 
 the faker laughed out loud and clapped its tiny paws together saying , `` not as dumb as they look my friends . '' 
 `` and what exactly is that ? '' 
 willow said looking back at the faker . 
 `` you mean , you 've never heard of me before ? '' 
 the faker asked dramatically . 
 `` how rude . '' 
 ignoring him , declan explained , `` a faker is just like it sounds . 
 it 's a thing that acts a certain way , but in reality is pretending . 
 is n't that right ? '' 
 `` well , '' the faker regarded him calmly , `` i do have a name warlock . 
 and thing is not it . '' 
 the faker looked down and started itching itself , suddenly uninterested in the conversation . 
 the faker did n't say anything more . 
 `` well ... what is it ? '' 
 willow asked impatiently . 
 `` well i 'm sorry if i do n't tell you who i am right away ! '' 
 the faker yelled at them , hissing with its teeth . 
 `` i do n't know you ! 
 you do n't know me ! 
 so what ! 
 stop trying to pry information from me ! '' 
 with that , the faker fluttered to another tree , then another , getting farther and farther away from them . 
 willow followed on the ground keeping her eyes on him so she would n't lose him . 
 she was totally bewildered , and slightly awed by the mysterious creature . 
 declan pulled her arm stopping her . 
 `` just leave him , '' he said , `` he 's nothing but trouble . 
 he 's just faking he 's angry . 
 it 's what he does . '' 
 `` he knows i 'm a healer , dec , '' willow reasoned , `` what if he knows something ? 
 he could help ! '' 
 `` he wo n't , '' declan said . 
 `` let him go , willow . '' 
 `` no , '' she said tugging her arm from his hold and looked back to the trees . 
 the faker was gone . 
 `` now look what you did , declan ! '' 
 willow snapped at him . 
 `` what if he knows where the river is ? 
 what if he could lead us there ? 
 ever think of that ? '' 
 declan stared at her , eyes narrowed dangerously , but she continued without pausing . 
 `` of course not ! 
 we 're just gon na walk around in circles getting nowhere all because you scared him off ! '' 
 `` hardly , '' a voice snorted below her scaring her so badly she jumped back into declan 's body . 
 willow 's heart raced as she took in the faker , now several feet below her on the ground . 
 he looked up at her with his unblinking green eyes . 
 `` faker ! '' 
 willow said , slightly relieved at seeing him , but still on edge from the shock , `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` funny , '' the faker said cocking his head , `` i was beginning to think you wanted me for some reason . '' 
 he sniffed acting upset and tucked his ears behind his head . 
 `` guess i was wrong ... '' the faker 's head was bowed and he turned away and lifted a paw , getting ready to walk away . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 willow exclaimed . 
 `` do n't go . '' 
 `` oh , i was n't , '' the faker said and gave a sly smile , `` i just wanted to make you think i was leaving . '' 
 he laughed and smiled peculiarly . 
 `` see ? '' 
 declan spoke up pointing at the creature . 
 `` impossible ! 
 we can find the river on our own ... '' `` river ? '' 
 the faker asked perking up . 
 `` you 're looking for the river ? '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 willow said shooting declan a knowing glare , `` do you know of it ? '' 
 `` of course i do , '' the faker sighed , `` it 's just the only and most important source of water available to any who live in the everwild . 
 duh . '' 
 `` can you take us there ? '' 
 willow asked hopefully . 
 `` well ... i do n't really want to , but unfortunately i owe carmela a debt . 
 so why not ? 
 follow me . '' 
 the faker started trotting away . 
 `` hey ! 
 wait ! '' 
 declan stopped him . 
 `` you know carmela ? '' 
 `` am i working with imbeciles here ? '' 
 the faker stopped and turned to them . 
 `` or is there just an echo ? 
 ugh , well , i guess i have to answer them . '' 
 willow watched the faker talking to himself out loud . 
 she wanted to demand answers from him , but apparently , fakers did n't like to be helpful . 
 the faker flapped its wings to meet willow and declan at eye level . 
 `` if you must know , warlock , i do know carmela . 
 she came to me a while back requesting payment for the debt i owed her and she told me about you . 
 that 's how i know you 're a healer , girl . 
 how did i find you ? 
 well , that was easy . 
 i can smell you . 
 you have a unique scent you know . 
 anything can smell you if they know what to smell for . 
 anyway , carmela told me to look for you and steer you in the right direction and our debt is squared . 
 of course , it was rather exciting to come across you when old man willow was having his fun . '' 
 `` why did n't you say so before ? '' 
 willow whined . 
 `` did n't seem necessary , '' the faker smiled . 
 `` now , if we 're done with the explanations , please follow me . '' 
 willow looked at declan . 
 he was brooding with his arms crossed and a dark look on his face . 
 they did n't have a choice but to follow the faker , as he was already getting away from them . 
 willow followed the faker with declan bringing up the rear . 
 she looked back at him a couple times , but he did n't say a word . 
 she caught a glimpse of him holding his side , but then his eyes darted to hers and she turned around quickly . 
 something was n't settling with her about declan , so she decided to make small talk with the faker . 
 `` what did you say your name was ? '' 
 `` i did n't , '' the faker looked snidely back at her and then flew forward , its wings slowly expanding and contracting , buzzing softly like a fly . 
 `` i bet it 's a lovely name , '' willow prompted . 
 suddenly , the faker flew forward so fast he was gone . 
 he blended in so well with the surroundings that he vanished right before her eyes . 
 willow gasped in surprise and almost started chasing after him when he appeared right beside her shoulder . 
 `` actually it 's not a very attractive name , '' the faker said , making willow jump again . 
 `` will you stop doing that ? '' 
 she insisted . 
 `` i thought you left us ! '' 
 `` duffleganger-griply the third at your service , '' the faker said . 
 `` but mostly i 'm called duffy . '' 
 `` duffy ? '' 
 willow said suppressing a laugh . 
 `` what an odd name ! '' 
 `` and i suppose being named after a tree and a flower is n't odd ? '' 
 duffy scolded her . 
 willow looked at him wide eyed . 
 `` shall i start calling you what your name literally is ? 
 tree-flower ? 
 or do you prefer the scientific name salicaceae-rosoideae ? 
 either way does n't matter to me . '' 
 she heard declan snort behind her and willow huffed . 
 `` i 'd rather be called just willow . '' 
 `` well , i 'd rather you not laugh at my name , just willow , '' duffy said faking hurt and sniffling . 
 how he did that without a nose , willow could n't figure . 
 a long pause followed that conversation . 
 they continued walking well into the evening hours , and the wilderness of the everwild grew ever darker . 
 willow 's feet burned in agony and she longed to stop and rest , but duffy took them through narrow paths that twisted and winded through the trees . 
 the light died under the cover of the leaves , and the temperature dramatically decreased . 
 willow was still wearing the dark green t-shirt and jeans millicent gave her . 
 the t-shirt was still stained with her blood and had holes in it from where old man willow attacked her . 
 when the wind blew , it went straight through the holes sending a wave of chills on her skin . 
 she felt exposed , and knew she could put the spare shirt on that was in the backpack , but it was n't like the shirt was entirely ruined . 
 she would try to make it last , at least through the night . 
 `` duffy , '' willow said contemplating on something he said earlier , `` what did you mean when you said you could smell me from a mile away ? '' 
 duffy flew left and right staggering as if drunk . 
 she then heard a soft snore coming from him . 
 was he sleeping ? 
 `` duffy , '' willow said louder . 
 `` i know you 're not sleeping . 
 please answer me . '' 
 `` oh fine , '' duffy said and dropped back to fly near her . 
 `` i suppose you wo n't give up until i tell you , correct ? '' 
 willow smiled and shrugged . 
 duffy smiled also , but his smile stretched up his face and his sharp teeth made him look frightening in the dark . 
 it was like his smile was n't a real smile , but a grimace . 
 willow rolled her eyes . 
 even his smile was a fake ! 
 `` every magical creature has a particular smell to them , '' duffy explained . 
 `` werewolves smell like wet dog-that 's a give in , vampires smell sweet to attract their prey , ghouls smell like death , goblins smell like stinky feet . 
 you get the picture . 
 as a witch , you smell like sulfur , almost like a potion brewing or something . 
 but you 're also a healer . 
 very rare . 
 with that comes more than just witch stink . 
 you smell good . 
 like really good , i want to eat you delicious , yummy in my tummy , honey mixed with flowers and sugar , and -- '' `` okay , i get it , '' willow said stopping his tangent . 
 being labeled as food items was highly upsetting to her and she looked around paranoid . 
 `` word of warning , healer , '' duffy said . 
 `` be careful . 
 you 're like a natural attractant to everything , and everything in the everwild is not what you want to meet . '' 
 a shiver cascaded down willow 's spine . 
 she shrunk back towards declan , a strong , silent presence at her side . 
 she looked around at the shadowy trees . 
 what if something was watching her now ? 
 what if something was coming for her ? 
 would they kill her ? 
 `` what do they want me for ? '' 
 she choked out . 
 `` to heal them , '' duffy shrugged , `` or for some ... a sweet snack , '' he giggled and flew forward several feet , muttering something about brainless witches and warlocks . 
 `` declan , '' willow shivered again and closed her eyes briefly . 
 her voice came out shaky and insecure . 
 `` i 'm scared . '' 
 declan adjusted the backpack and nonchalantly stepped closer to her . 
 `` i know , '' he said . 
 a soft hand came and closed around hers and squeezed . 
 his hand was warm and smooth and held hers with an unfamiliar , but soothing comfort . 
 willow did n't pull away or scold him this time . 
 she needed reassurance , even if it was from declan . 
 they were in this together . 
 he seemed to know this when he looked down at her . 
 `` i 'll do everything i can to keep you safe , '' he said softly . 
 gazing into his dreamy hazel eyes , in the quiet of the woods , with the promise of danger close , and following a creature that could possibly lead them astray , willow believed him . 
 chapter 6 school for ghouls it was evening in the everwild . 
 the black turned even blacker as the night droned on . 
 the everwild never stayed lighted for long . 
 duffy was barely visible in front of willow , and she was beginning to think he was wearing them out on purpose . 
 it had been over a day since she had any sleep , and her eyelids burned with exhaustion . 
 she was incoherent from lack of sleep and walked like a zombie . 
 her feet were so tender that everything she stepped on felt like jagged knives cutting deep into her skin . 
 `` we have to stop , '' willow said finally . 
 `` i can barely move . '' 
 `` well that 's not good , '' duffy said parting the small hedge in front of him . 
 they came to an area so thick with leaves and bushes that it was impossible to see past it . 
 the tall hedge stretched for miles in front of them . 
 `` no , it 's not good at all . 
 my feet hurt so bad they may fall off ! 
 is it possible to die of exhaustion ? '' 
 willow complained . 
 `` it 's possible , '' declan said gruffly beside her . 
 he was probably doing worse than she was , although he 'd never admit it . 
 she kept checking on him from time to time and noticed there was a large blood stain on his shirt . 
 it was the same side he was gripping earlier . 
 the blood looked fresh , and willow was itching to heal him . 
 he would n't let her though . 
 stupid , stubborn warlock . 
 `` not that i do n't care about your bodily functions , '' duffy said looking back at them , `` but i would think you 'd be more concerned about the group of ghouls down by the riverbank than your current ailments . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 willow hissed stepping closer to duffy . 
 declan stepped closer to her and gripped the hilt of his sword . 
 she parted the foliage in front of her and her eyes instantly fixated on a small bonfire dancing in the darkness several yards away . 
 at least twenty ghouls were milling about the fire swaying idly back and forth . 
 willow could only stare dumbfounded at the monsters before her . 
 they were all creepy gray skinned , were varying heights , but they all had the same features . 
 barely there strands of black hair sat atop their balding corpse-like heads . 
 their skin was wrinkled and they wore loin cloths around their bottom half . 
 the rest of their bodies were naked , having defined muscles with protruding blue veins . 
 the ghouls ' heads were much larger than any human , and their all black eyes were sunk in the back of their head , making their cheekbones stick out profoundly . 
 they had a nose like a mummy and big black lips that dripped dark colored saliva . 
 they were grotesque , and looked like they had just walked out of the morgue after being dead for several centuries . 
 but the strangest thing was they did n't touch the ground-they hovered over it , almost floating in the air like ghosts . 
 the fear it brought willow just by looking at them made her blood run cold . 
 the ghouls were unaware of the trio standing just a few feet away in the cover of the trees , and she wanted to keep it that way . 
 if they could sense heartbeats , though , she would probably be dead about now , because hers was quivering wildly in her chest . 
 looking past the swaying ghouls , she spotted the river . 
 the dark , steady stream of water was nearly thirty feet wide , endlessly winding and bending through the forest . 
 there was no rippling waves or rocks or boulders breaching the surface . 
 the river was as calm as flowing sap . 
 no sound came from it . 
 but duffy had kept his word . 
 they made it to the river ! 
 turning to willow and declan , duffy put a small paw to his lips in a gesture to be quiet . 
 he turned around and went the opposite direction of the river . 
 they walked for a ways until duffy felt it was safe to talk . 
 `` i must leave you now , '' he said , his neon green eyes burned into her , `` the river is that way , '' he pointed to his left , `` follow it north . 
 however , by my reckoning , you 're still a long way from the crystal cave . 
 i 'd keep going for a while if i were you , though . 
 you do not want to run into those ghouls . 
 hungry little devils they are . 
 they eat any and everything they get their grimy hands on . 
 i just hope they did n't catch your scent . 
 but they 're thick-headed and may not know what to smell for . 
 i tell you again . 
 be careful . 
 i 'm sure carmela warned you of not using magic ? '' 
 willow nodded . 
 `` good . 
 because when you do , it 's like sending a flare in the dark . 
 even using your healing power is highly dangerous . 
 you wo n't be safe from anything . '' 
 `` i 'm not safe anyways , '' willow muttered . 
 duffy snickered . 
 `` good luck , healer . 
 oh , can you do me one favor before you go ? '' 
 he put his paws together as if praying . 
 `` pretty please with a cherry on top ? '' 
 willow 's eyebrows shot up in question . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` would ... '' he paused and sniffed sadly , `` would you heal my broken heart ? '' 
 duffy asked his eyes blurring with unshed tears . 
 when willow just stared at him , he laughed quietly , his mouth stretching up to his ears . 
 `` what ? 
 you do n't believe me ? '' 
 `` would you just leave already ? '' 
 declan asked angrily . 
 `` a thank you would suffice , '' duffy growled back at him , changing moods in the blink of an eye . 
 `` thank you duffy , '' willow said . 
 `` do n't go breaking any hearts out there . '' 
 duffy nodded his head , and said , `` no promises . '' 
 he then buzzed off laughing into the night singing `` oh happy day . '' 
 `` thank god , '' declan sighed beside her . 
 `` he was so annoying ! 
 i wanted to kill that stupid thing . 
 if i ever come across another faker in my lifetime , it would be too soon . '' 
 willow leaned up against a tree , exhaustion tugging at her . 
 she wanted to curl up in ball and sleep for weeks . 
 declan came up to her . 
 their bodies almost touched he was so close . 
 almost . 
 his pretty eyes sought hers out . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 `` just really tired , '' she answered . 
 declan handed her a water bottle . 
 `` me too . 
 but i think that faker was right . 
 we need to get away from those ghouls and get out of here . 
 i do n't want to be eaten if i can help it . '' 
 willow breathed in deeply and rubbed her eyes trying to wake up . 
 she pulled the hair away from her face and rubbed her arms . 
 now that darkness was here , it was cold . 
 she shivered , wanting to use her magic to warm her . 
 but she resisted the urge and trudged after declan , one step closer to her talisman . 
 time seemed to slow down in the everwild . 
 the forest was strangely silent . 
 there were no birds chirping , or any sign of animal life whatsoever . 
 willow 's feet continued to burn . 
 she was hungry and needed to go to the bathroom , but declan did n't seem to care . 
 he trudged through plants and vines as if they were n't there . 
 he did n't use his sword , just pushed and shoved them aside with vengeance . 
 willow tripped and fumbled trying to keep his pace . 
 it was n't like they were being pursued . 
 those ghouls did n't even sense their presence earlier . 
 what was his problem ? 
 `` declan , '' willow hissed behind him . 
 `` can we stop ? 
 please ? 
 i 'm so tired ! 
 i need to rest . 
 you 're walking so fast ! '' 
 `` calm down , '' declan turned his head slightly but kept walking . 
 `` i 'm trying to find a place we can stop . '' 
 `` we wo n't find any shelter , dec. . 
 i do n't know what your problem is , '' willow complained . 
 `` let 's just stop now . '' 
 suddenly , declan gripped his side and keeled over , collapsing to the ground . 
 `` declan ! '' 
 willow exclaimed rushing up to him . 
 he landed on his stomach , the bulky backpack blocking her view . 
 she knelt down and tried rolling him over , but she only managed to get him to lie on his side . 
 willow shook him frantically , `` declan , '' she said shakily , `` declan wake up ! '' 
 no response . 
 she leaned in closer . 
 his breathing was uneven and shallow . 
 he broke out in a cold sweat and was shivering uncontrollably . 
 her panic heightened . 
 the wound declan received earlier today from old man willow was still bleeding , his shirt was soaking wet with blood . 
 sighing heavily , willow loosened the backpack strap closest to her . 
 then , she bent his arm to take it off . 
 she rolled him on his stomach and took the other strap off , which was more difficult since she did n't want to roll him on his injured side . 
 finally , with the backpack off , she searched for the healing elixir . 
 popping the cork off the top , she carefully rolled declan on his back and laid his head in her lap . 
 he moaned in pain , his eyes were shut tight and his hair and forehead was dampened with sweat . 
 opening his mouth , she dumped the elixir down his throat . 
 he coughed and sputtered but swallowed most of it . 
 seconds passed . 
 a few frightened heartbeats later , she heard declan exhale . 
 willow placed her hand on declan 's heart . 
 it was slow ; slow , but steady . 
 there was a large tree in front of her , nearly three feet away . 
 she stood up and crouched over declan , placing both arms under his armpits . 
 in a very unladylike way , she grunted and dragged declan towards the tree . 
 he was dead weight underneath her ; a solid rock . 
 by the time she had made it to the tree , she was panting with effort . 
 she sat with her back against the tree and put declan 's head on her lap again . 
 his breathing was normal , so the elixir must be at work . 
 carefully , she pulled the hem of his shirt up to inspect the wound and gasped . 
 the whole right side of him revealed deep , open flesh penetrating through his epidermis to the muscle tissue below . 
 nausea tightened her stomach . 
 there was a lot of blood . 
 infection would set in if she did n't do anything about it . 
 he let it go for too long ! 
 a wound that severe would take several hours before the elixir would even begin to help ! 
 she knew without a doubt that declan did n't have that kind of time . 
 drawing upon the magic within herself , willow timidly placed her hand over the wound . 
 tingling power coursed down her arm to the fingertips , turning them a deep yellow . 
 power flowed from her into declan in energetic waves . 
 his tenseness receded . 
 she felt him breathe deeply , the first actual breath she heard him take . 
 the wound was repairing , the skin turned pink and the blood seeped back into his body . 
 she watched and concentrated on fixing his muscles . 
 the fleshy tissues glued themselves back together , and layer upon layer of skin formed over them . 
 it was weird to watch the healing process occur , but it was also very fascinating . 
 what healing elixir failed to do , she had done in minutes . 
 declan 's eyelids fluttered , and she thought he would wake up , but he just turned his head towards her and slept soundly . 
 satisfied that he would be okay , willow slowly put his shirt back down . 
 slowly , because she just noticed the muscles of his abdomen . 
 willow swallowed as she watched in pure amazement the way declan 's stomach moved up and down as he breathed . 
 she knew he was lean , but she never realized what was actually under his clothes . 
 willow glanced hastily back at declan . 
 he was out cold . 
 and that meant he would n't be aware of her touching him . 
 so ... she did . 
 willow 's fingers hovered above his stomach , hesitated , then finally moved to feel him . 
 the breath escaped her as she traced his stomach muscles . 
 declan 's stomach clenched and trembled at the contact and she moved her eyes back on his face , but he still did n't open them . 
 wow , she thought , a sudden thrill enveloping her as she continued to touch him . 
 he was in shape . 
 not like body builder bulky , but beautiful and chiseled . 
 willow 's cheeks heated . 
 her mind straying to thoughts of declan 's body , she put his shirt down and started running her hands through his hair . 
 she wanted to know what it felt like and she was n't disappointed . 
 silky smooth , declan 's hair was soft . 
 she unconsciously pushed his bangs from his face . 
 declan 's brow furrowed like he was having a nightmare . 
 she watched his features and absentmindedly began tracing his plush lips . 
 it was n't like she did n't think declan was attractive . 
 she knew without a doubt that he was painstakingly gorgeous , super hot , and every girl 's dream . 
 but there was only one problem . 
 he was way out of her league . 
 somehow she felt so insignificant in the magical world . 
 she was n't beautiful , or even that great of a witch . 
 it took her years longer than her friends to even earn a talisman . 
 truth be told , a witch could gain a talisman as soon as they turn thirteen . 
 but not for willow . 
 the simple spells were harder for her , which was why she was almost given a talisman at age sixteen . 
 yet , sitting under a tall everwild tree in the dark with declan semi-unconscious , she allowed herself to feel for him just once . 
 he seemed so peaceful sleeping in her arms , it felt almost ... right . 
 her heart pulled at her as she traced the lines of his face and watched as his eyebrows relaxed . 
 she knew it would never work . 
 she could never be with declan , and somehow that made her sad , which was even more confusing , since she never liked him in that way . 
 he was the one who made fun of her , who hated her . 
 it was her fault he was here now and nearly died . 
 guilt weighed heavily on her . 
 she should n't be feeling anything for him . 
 ever . 
 exhaustion quickly overcame her . 
 the healing process had drained all her remaining energy . 
 it was the most she 'd ever done so far , and it pushed her limits . 
 she was beyond tired . 
 she should stay awake , though . 
 someone had to keep watch for danger . 
 willow leaned her head back against the tree and no matter how much she willed her eyes to focus , they slowly closed , and she fell peacefully into a deep , dreamless sleep ... the smell of death alerted her to a presence close by . 
 very close . 
 she snapped awake . 
 terror gripped her as voices suddenly boomed through the trees . 
 too late . 
 `` i felt somethin’ this way , '' a deep , gargled voice said . 
 bushes rustled and parted right in front of her and willow had no time to react before five ghouls parted the sea of tall branches out of the way . 
 they spotted her immediately and their black eyes zeroed in on willow and declan . 
 a flash of hunger widened their eyes . 
 `` get ` em ! '' 
 one of them growled . 
 willow scrambled to her feet , dropping declan 's head on the ground accidentally . 
 she was still slightly disoriented from sleep and forgot all about him laying on her . 
 the ghouls rushed her in a blur of movement . 
 they were even more menacing up close . 
 they hissed and growled low as they reached her . 
 she bellowed a blood curdling scream into the night as their gray , slimy hands gripped her hard yanking her to the ground . 
 declan jerked awake and jumped to his feet drawing his sword . 
 but three of the ghouls were on him in an instant . 
 one of them came at him from behind and lifted him on his feet throwing him hard on the ground . 
 declan grunted but whipped his leg around and tried tripping a ghoul . 
 but the ghoul was already several feet in the air , so declan 's karate kick did n't work . 
 `` declan ! '' 
 willow screeched as she saw the ghouls above him kick and pound him into the ground . 
 declan covered his head with his hands and took the beating . 
 they stopped when they saw he was n't fighting back . 
 he lay still for an instant before his arm shot out and grabbed his sword . 
 he pushed himself up and slashed a ghoul through his stomach . 
 the ghoul shrieked in pain as dark blood pumped from the gash , but it did n't penetrate through his body . 
 the ghoul was still very much alive and stared at declan with pure hatred in his coal black eyes . 
 the ghoul opened his mouth showing wide jagged teeth protruding from it and bashed declan in the head . 
 declan went down unconscious . 
 willow screamed for him , but the ghouls just hoisted him up on their shoulders and carried him away . 
 they did n't have to fight willow . 
 she could n't overpower them in strength ; the ghouls were all muscles . 
 she did n't know what spell to use on them that would be effective , and she could n't just run away without declan , so she let the ghouls carry her away as well . 
 `` see , did n't i tell ya i felt somethin’ ? 
 in my bones it called to me , it did , '' one of the ghouls spoke up . 
 his voice alone caused goosebumps to shiver down willow 's arms . 
 it was low and scratchy . 
 duffy was right . 
 the healing power attracted them to her . 
 she shook in fear . 
 `` and look it ! 
 we found ourselves a meal tonight ! 
 too long i been without a juicy meat . '' 
 the ghoul carrying willow spoke up . 
 `` wo n't gnatha be proud of us and our find ? '' 
 `` ha ! '' 
 the first ghoul said . 
 `` more like my find . 
 if i had n't smelt that delicious honey bun you a holding , we would n't be here ! '' 
 `` mmm , she does smell rather scrumptious , '' the ghoul said and poked willow in the leg . 
 she whimpered quietly , which made the ghoul even more excited . 
 he squeezed and massaged her leg . 
 `` i call this leg . '' 
 `` no way , '' another ghoul mumbled . 
 `` we splittin ' the catch even squares . 
 gnatha will know what to do . '' 
 `` aye , '' the other ghouls agreed . 
 they continued to walk through the everwild until willow saw a faint light ahead of them . 
 it was the fire from earlier , the one right by the river . 
 they went south , back where they had started . 
 she cowered when they dumped her on the ground , putting declan against her back . 
 they tied their hands together with thick rope and left them sitting close to the fire . 
 willow felt the heat from it burning her face . 
 in the light of the blazing fire , the ghouls looked like wraiths , their bodies blended in with the darkness surrounding them as they gathered close . 
 other ghouls came up curiously and looked at them , but never touched them . 
 willow nudged declan 's back , willing him to wake up . 
 she felt all alone in a sea of ghosts , waiting to be eaten . 
 her heart pounded at the idea of being eaten alive by these monsters . 
 declan moaned behind her . 
 `` declan ? '' 
 willow hissed turning her head as far as it would go . 
 `` declan , wake up now ! '' 
 `` what the -- ? 
 he grunted and squirmed trying to get out of the awkward position . 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 `` the ghouls caught us remember ? '' 
 declan cursed . 
 she felt his head move towards her . 
 `` i 'm using magic to get us out of here . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 willow said . 
 `` that 'll attract more than just ghouls , dec. . 
 carmela warned us . 
 even duffy did ! '' 
 `` so what do we do , then , willow tree ? '' 
 declan mocked , `` since you 're so insistent of us not using magic . 
 i mean , come on ! 
 we 're about to be eaten ! 
 we have to do something ! '' 
 `` just try to untie our hands while i think of something , '' willow whispered . 
 `` we might be able to escape . '' 
 `` fine , '' he relented and twisted his hands against hers , muttering curses under his breath . 
 something moved in the shadows and the ghouls moaned low with excitement . 
 coming forth out of the darkness and into the light was a lady . 
 a female ghoul stepped in front of all the others . 
 she had long draping hair that fell in her face hiding her beady eyes that flitted around quickly evaluating the situation . 
 her body was just as gray as the others , but it was covered in age spots and scars . 
 her face was absolutely hideous . 
 her cheekbones were sallow and thin . 
 she was ashen and red scabs covered her face . 
 her jaw bone jutted out with an extreme under bite . 
 a living corpse , this ghoul was the ugliest of them all . 
 `` gnatha ! 
 gnatha ! 
 gnatha ! '' 
 the ghouls chanted as she approached them . 
 the female ghoul wore a long , sheer white dress that did not hide her nakedness underneath . 
 it made her look even more ethereal and dark . 
 `` what are you lot standing around for ? 
 where 's me food ? '' 
 she yelled in an old , cracked voice . 
 a ghoul stood before her and said , `` gnatha , feast your eyes upon our catch ! '' 
 he pointed towards willow and declan . 
 her eyes found them and blazed with hunger and obsession . 
 her twisted smile revealed pointy fangs in her mouth . 
 willow grimaced and pressed into declan 's back . 
 `` aye , '' gnatha said , `` a feast indeed . '' 
 she rubbed her large , jutted chin in thought . 
 `` but how shall we eat them , eh ? '' 
 `` raw , '' a ghoul said licking his black lips . 
 `` no , cook ` em , '' another said . 
 `` aye , burn ` em , make ` em crispy-like , '' a third said . 
 `` i want a big piece , '' yet another said and inched closer to them , rubbing his hands in anticipation . 
 willow did a quick head count of the ghouls surrounding them . 
 there were fifteen hovering in the air . 
 they licked their lips , pure starvation in their eyes . 
 they wanted to eat her ! 
 a sudden breeze filled the air with the stench of death that almost made willow vomit . 
 her stomach clenched and churned . 
 the ghouls continued to argue until gnatha 's gargled voice stopped them . 
 `` we eat them whole . 
 there are two , '' she smelled the air , `` magic-lings they are . 
 where did you say you found ` em ? '' 
 `` the forest , north by the river , '' the ghoul said . 
 she looked at them darkly . 
 `` one of ` em smells real sweet , eh ? '' 
 the other ghouls agreed . 
 `` we split ` em up by body parts , right . '' 
 `` yes ! 
 yes ! '' 
 the ghouls chanted getting anxious . 
 willow 's heart rate spiked . 
 she felt declan 's hand clench hers and try to wiggle and loosen the rope . 
 he almost had it loose enough to break free . 
 she thought quickly . 
 the ghouls were approaching her , thick machetes in some of their hands . 
 this was it . 
 if she did n't do anything , they were dead . 
 using magic was the last resort . 
 she could do this . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 willow screamed , making them all stop . 
 they looked to gnatha with confusion and shock . 
 she narrowed her eyes at willow . 
 `` it speaks , '' she gurgled and slowly stepped closer to them . 
 she was within a few feet before she stopped . 
 willow had to crane her neck up to face the evil monster before her . 
 `` but what does it want ? '' 
 `` if you chop us up , '' willow said quickly thinking , trying to keep her voice even , `` one of you will not be eating tonight . '' 
 `` it says what ! '' 
 gnatha screeched in rage . 
 `` how do you figure magic-ling ? '' 
 `` two heads , four arms , four legs , two middles , '' willow said . 
 `` that makes , um ... twelve pieces ! 
 even if you chop both our middles in two , that would only leave fourteen parts . 
 there are fifteen of you ! '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` one of you does not eat tonight . '' 
 gnatha cringed . 
 willow could tell she was thinking hard about the math . 
 she counted on her fingers , looked at them , and then counted again . 
 the ghouls beside her grunted and shoved each other , trying to get closer to declan and willow . 
 they murmured unhappily at this baffling news . 
 `` fourteen pieces you say ... '' gnatha thought and looked to the others . 
 `` so we chop ` em up in smaller pieces ! 
 even squares ! '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 the ghouls said and hoisted their weapons in the air . 
 `` you ca n't ! '' 
 willow yelled above the shouts and commotion of the ghouls . 
 gnatha whipped her head back to glare at her . 
 willow spoke quickly . 
 `` we would not satisfy you then ! 
 you see , the bigger the piece , the fuller you are . 
 you chop us up small to distribute the pieces , we wo n't be as good . 
 we are magic-lings . 
 if you eat us , you gain our power . 
 so you have to eat a big chunk in order to get it . 
 if you chop us up , you 'll just be hungrier and not have any of our power . 
 it only works if you eat a big piece . '' 
 declan 's left hand moved against her and up her arm . 
 it was out of the bond . 
 they were practically free ! 
 willow gulped and moved her hand out of the rope as well . 
 they still acted like they were bound even though no one paid any attention to their hands . 
 the ghouls were upset and angry at this revelation . 
 they stared at gnatha in bewilderment . 
 `` what if she 's lying ? '' '' 
 a ghoul asked her . 
 `` it 's a trick ! 
 we ca n't trust a magic-ling ! '' 
 `` do you speak the truth ? '' 
 gnatha snarled at willow mulling over willow 's words carefully . 
 she spoke softly as she addressed willow , her eyes sparking with hope at the prospect of gaining magic . 
 `` will i truly gain your power if i consume you , whole like ? '' 
 `` i would n't lie about magic ! 
 it 's in our blood ! '' 
 willow said acting offended . 
 it was the wrong thing to say . 
 the ghouls looked even more ravenous at the mention of blood , and they howled and clawed each other to get in front of the ghoul before them . 
 the rope dropped to the ground and declan grabbed one of her hands in his and squeezed tightly . 
 `` let 's test this theory , '' gnatha said menacingly . 
 `` i will eat your leg and see if i get power . '' 
 she looked to the others and waved her hand in the air casually , `` then you all may eat . '' 
 the ghouls looked stunned as they glared at gnatha . 
 then , all chaos broke out . 
 each ghoul turned to the other and began arguing . 
 they were angry , annoyed , and their faces turned even darker in the flickering fire light . 
 they showed their teeth and snarled , growling low . 
 `` that would only leave us thirteen pieces ! '' 
 a ghoul shouted and glowered at gnatha . 
 `` you think just because you 're oldest you get first pick ? '' 
 the other ghouls agreed . 
 they all shouted which body part they wanted , which led to even more arguments . 
 `` i want a leg ! '' 
 `` i want the head ! '' 
 `` what makes you think you get the head ? '' 
 `` eh ! 
 i 'm strongest , i should be the one to get the head ! '' 
 gnatha snarled at a ghoul that tried pushing her away , and then all hell broke loose . 
 gnatha attacked the ghoul with a shriek so loud it pierced willow 's ears . 
 the ghouls drew their machetes upon each other and fought ; the clinking of metal and vicious snarls came from them . 
 chaos was all around willow and declan . 
 `` let 's go , '' declan whispered frantically and pulled her to her feet . 
 he grabbed her wrist and pulled her up . 
 a flurry of movement flashed before her eyes as two dueling ghouls stumbled and tripped right in front of them . 
 declan jumped over them making willow trip over the ghouls . 
 she stumbled until declan hoisted her by the waist and put her back on her feet . 
 they burst through the thicket and back into the forest , sprinting as fast as they could go . 
 they weaved and scrambled their way through the forest not caring where they were as long as they were fleeing the hungry ghouls . 
 willow panted for breath , sweat beaded on her forehead , and still they ran , adrenaline and fear fueling their energy . 
 the tangled undergrowth hindered their speed and the coiled twisted branches reached out to grab them . 
 declan suddenly turned right and they traveled that way for a while until he finally slowed down . 
 he continued to hold her hand , and to willow 's surprise , weaved his fingers through hers as they continued at a slower pace . 
 there was no sound of pursuit from the ghouls , but that did n't mean they were n't being followed . 
 willow hoped they were still fighting with each other , killing each other off and not even realizing their meal had fled the scene . 
 declan stopped suddenly and turned to her , pressing her up against a tree . 
 he was breathing heavily and was wet from sweating , but willow 's face burst with heat at the pressure of his body on hers . 
 did he hear something ? 
 were the ghouls coming for them ? 
 `` declan , what are you doing ? '' 
 she asked breathless . 
 he pressed his fingers to his lips signaling for her to be quiet . 
 declan just let her stand there panicking as he moved around listening intently . 
 she let him do his thing for a while as she focused on breathing and trying to relax . 
 her heart was still furiously pounding in her chest from the encounter with the ghouls . 
 she was going to have nightmares from that experience for the rest of her life . 
 she was almost eaten alive ! 
 declan came back up to her and before she knew what was happening , wrapped her up in a tight hug . 
 his long arms enveloped her and she deeply breathed in his scent . 
 she was a least a foot shorter than declan and her head rested exactly on his chest . 
 she pressed her face into his shirt and felt his heart fluttering just as fast as hers . 
 her arms wrapped around his waist as she squeezed him back tightly . 
 they melted together like butter , and the way he held her made it seem like she mattered . 
 she did n't realize how desperately she needed that hug . 
 eventually , he let go of her . 
 `` did we really just survive that ? '' 
 declan asked and gave her a small smile . 
 his hazel eyes searched hers in wonder . 
 willow stepped back . 
 `` yea ... i think so . 
 who knew simple math would be so helpful ? '' 
 `` a little school for ghouls , '' he laughed . 
 `` good thinking . '' 
 willow laughed at his rhyme . 
 `` and we did n't even need magic . 
 see ? 
 what did i tell you ? '' 
 a frown crossed his face , but he seemed to think better of it and did n't argue with her . 
 `` yea , i guess you 're right . '' 
 willow was surprised but did n't comment on it . 
 instead , she tapped her temple with a finger . 
 `` yep , i 'm a total genius . '' 
 `` i would n't go that far , '' declan rolled his eyes and started walking again . 
 he turned back to her when she did n't follow . 
 he smirked . 
 `` are you coming , or what , einstein ? '' 
 willow groaned . 
 not another nickname ! 
 she jogged up beside him . 
 `` i prefer willow , thank you very much . '' 
 a corner of his mouth lifted . 
 `` oh , do you now ? '' 
 he asked and glanced down at her . 
 `` i never would have known . 
 it 's not like you contradict me about it or anything . '' 
 was he teasing her ? 
 was he being flirty and sarcastic ? 
 a slew of butterflies filled her stomach as she watched him uncertainly . 
 she did n't like this reaction to him . 
 she 'd rather declan be mad at her . 
 it was easy to fight with him . 
 being nice , even teasing was a whole other level in the game . 
 she could n't handle if he was trying to play nice . 
 `` yes , dec , if you do n't mind , we have a talisman to hunt down . '' 
 she emphasized the nickname she 'd given him . 
 willow wondered if the nickname she dubbed him bothered him at all . 
 declan never argued about it . 
 she certainly voiced her opinions about what he called her , which was why he was teasing her now . 
 declan did n't seem to mind being called `` dec '' . 
 `` i 'm sorry , little magic-ling , '' declan said smiling wryly , `` by all means , lead the way . '' 
 willow rolled her eyes just as her stomach did the little twirling thing again and looked forward towards the unbeaten path , trying to remain focused on the journey ahead , and not on the warlock beside her . 
 chapter 7 chase declan and willow did n't talk much as they traveled well into the night and into the early morning hours . 
 a couple times , declan would nudge willow in the shoulder playfully and ask if she was still awake , to which willow would reply , `` oh . 
 this is real ? 
 i thought it was only a nightmare . '' 
 he only snickered and would rub against her , letting her know he was still there . 
 of course , she was more than aware of his presence , she was hyper-aware , like she almost could n't take her eyes off him . 
 as much as she tried to focus on her mission , declan was like a seed planted in her mind that kept growing bigger and bigger until she was consumed by him . 
 but she refused to swoon like all the other witches , even though she was already halfway there . 
 `` we 're close now , '' declan sighed in relief . 
 willow looked at him , and then looked around perplexed . 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 there 's no sign of the cave . '' 
 `` no , '' declan said , `` follow me . '' 
 he signaled her with a nod of his head and then parted the branches in front of him . 
 the river was right there , flowing slightly faster in this part of the forest . 
 willow breathed in relief , but then gasped in shock when , sitting on top of a small boulder , was her backpack and declan 's sword ! 
 declan walked up to it and put the pack on and picked up the sword . 
 `` how ? 
 what ? 
 huh ? '' 
 willow sputtered with a million questions . 
 `` before you question everything , '' he said , `` let me tell you . 
 my sword is enchanted to link with me . 
 when i lose it , it disappears , then reappears somewhere else and i have to find it . 
 it 's like i 'm a gps unit and the sword 's the destination . '' 
 willow scrunched her nose . 
 `` what 's a gps unit ? '' 
 declan rolled his eyes at her . 
 `` anyways , do you remember at carmela 's , she whispered something to me ? '' 
 willow nodded . 
 `` she told me that your backpack was charmed the same way . 
 at the time , i really had no idea what she was talking about or why she told me that instead of you . 
 now i know . 
 carmela intended for me to go with you through the portal this whole time . '' 
 `` but why ? '' 
 willow said exasperated . 
 `` bane was supposed to be my protector ! 
 he was the one who was supposed to come with me , not you . '' 
 `` good to know you have so much faith in me , '' declan said frowning . 
 `` i did n't expect it either ! 
 she must 've seen something in the future and made it happen . '' 
 `` oh that does n't make sense at all ! '' 
 willow threw her hands up in frustration . 
 `` i was told in my training that the future is always changing constantly based on the decisions you make . 
 there could 've been thirty different paths carmela saw in the future , and she just picked one . '' 
 `` maybe it was the most logical choice . 
 perhaps this is the future where we find your talisman . '' 
 `` or get our hopes up and then get eaten by bloodthirsty ghouls , '' willow interjected . 
 `` or get captured by evil gnomes who want to tickle our toes . '' 
 willow laughed and shoved him . 
 `` you 're so weird , dec. '' declan beamed beside her , and his smile was so beautiful it nearly took her breath away . 
 declan mistook her reaction for disbelief . 
 `` what ? 
 it could happen , '' he said putting his sword in its sheath . 
 the light from the trees seeped through the cracks and lit his chesnutt hair showing coffee-colored highlights . 
 he was starting to get scruff on his jaw from not shaving for a couple days , which made him look older and more rugged . 
 he looked like he belonged in the wilderness , which was hilarious since the warlock standing before her was anything but . 
 declan was always polished and pampered , a pretty boy all the way . 
 willow giggled . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` nothing . 
 i 'm just happy we found the river and we 're back on track . '' 
 `` yea , it seems more open here , too . 
 maybe we 're getting close . '' 
 the sun had moved high in the sky as they kept walking along the river 's edge . 
 they were down to one water bottle , and willow was tempted to try the river water . 
 but by the luck they were having , it probably was n't the best idea . 
 she might consume a weird parasite or something . 
 willow 's stomach growled at her , and without taking his eyes off the road ahead , declan held out a protein bar for her to eat . 
 willow did n't remember millicent packing anything like that and was slightly shocked to see it , but was grateful they had several of them in the backpack . 
 it was at least better than nothing . 
 from the south , dark clouds began to roll in . 
 `` that does n't look good , '' declan said as the sun was now hidden by the clouds that lit the sky with lightening . 
 `` come on . 
 faster . '' 
 munching on her bar , she heard a deep grumbling . 
 `` i must be hungrier than i thought , '' she said taking another bite . 
 `` shh , '' declan hushed her . 
 `` that was n't you . '' 
 `` thunder ? '' 
 she asked watching declan search the trees . 
 she had n't heard any thunder yet , despite the lightening . 
 but it was the everwild . 
 anything could happen . 
 he shook his head and whispered , `` it 's not thunder either . 
 something 's coming towards us . 
 ca n't you feel it ? '' 
 `` what do you -- '' she began to ask when suddenly declan 's hand clamped down over her mouth stopping her from talking . 
 willow thought declan was overreacting . 
 she heard nothing but the sound of water . 
 maybe it was just the everwild messing with him . 
 but then she felt it . 
 that paranoid feeling that she was n't alone ; that something was either watching her or stalking her . 
 crack . 
 a tree branch snapped behind them . 
 her back erected and shivers ran down her spine . 
 several more branches cracked and leaves crunched on the ground . 
 quick , and stealthy , she heard no footsteps besides the occasional crunching of branches . 
 was it the ghouls ? 
 had they found them ? 
 fear pulsed through her . 
 declan took willow 's arms and pulled her away from the river . 
 they trudged through the vegetation and instantly became hidden from the openness . 
 suddenly , rain began falling . 
 harder and harder it came down in thick sheets of water , blanketing them with wetness . 
 willow 's clothes were soon plastered to her body and her hair stuck to her face like glue . 
 declan 's hair darkened and curled in the wet , and she could see his lean figure through his clothes . 
 he pushed his bangs out of his face . 
 declan came to a stop and stood with the sword by his side , looking out into the forest . 
 there was no inkling of a shelter anywhere , but they did find a semi-dry spot underneath two tall trees . 
 the branches contained broad leaves that extended over their heads providing some dryness . 
 she nearly jumped when declan 's arm snaked around her shoulders to pull her into him , his body heat helping to warm her . 
 they nestled together and leaned their backs against the trunk . 
 willow 's eyes roamed the forest but she saw nothing . 
 there was no animal or anything running towards them . 
 she waited a couple minutes . 
 her body was ready to take off any moment . 
 she was more than tense . 
 `` shit ! '' 
 declan cursed and pushed himself off the tree . 
 `` we have to climb a tree . 
 now ! '' 
 he said searching the tree wildly for the nearest nub to grab . 
 unfortunately , the tree branches did n't start at standing height . 
 they were a ways above their heads . 
 before willow could protest , declan clutched her at the waist and hoisted her up in the air like she weighed nothing . 
 she grabbed a rough branch above her while declan lifted her feet up so she could sit on it . 
 `` start climbing ! '' 
 he half whispered , half shouted to her . 
 willow was not exactly a nature girl and she was already getting poked from the jutting twigs and leaves . 
 she scrambled and tried to find big , thick branches to climb , knowing they would support her weight . 
 she got about halfway up when she looked down and saw that declan was right behind her . 
 `` how did you get up here so fast ? '' 
 she asked bewildered . 
 `` i 'm not out of shape , willow tree , '' he said barely breathing heavy . 
 he was n't just `` not out of shape '' but was in excellent shape ! 
 willow 's insides quivered . 
 declan was strong . 
 he not only lifted her up without effort , but he had somehow jumped high enough to grab the lowest branch and then quickly climbed to where she was in a matter of seconds . 
 it took all of her effort to even move up one branch ! 
 `` is this high enough ? '' 
 willow asked him breathless . 
 they were in a thick spot that she thought would cover them . 
 unless the perpetrators looked directly up at the base of the tree , they would be concealed from their eyes . 
 not to mention it was difficult to see anything in the pouring rain . 
 `` yeah , '' declan said and he and willow sat together about fifteen feet above the ground . 
 her stomach did the whole butterfly thing , and she was n't sure if it was the height or declan 's body right next to hers . 
 shortly after they made the climb , she heard it . 
 soft , musical voices carried through the thunder . 
 they seemed so far away-until she saw the bodies . 
 willow flinched and the branch rocked slightly by the movement . 
 she was terrified that she would fall down and be discovered so she had to hold onto declan to keep still . 
 willow let out a small squeak when she saw them . 
 declan put his arm around her waist and pulled her into him with his strong arms silencing her as she cowered into his side . 
 what caused her alarm was a large group of fey hunters creeping expertly below them . 
 they moved forward in ranks , barely making any sound . 
 they were spread out sporadically through the area , so willow could n't count how many there were . 
 they were beautiful creatures all dressed in dark green and brown , blending into the environment like camouflage . 
 they had pointy ears and straight lined faces . 
 only their hair color differed from the other . 
 some had long , flowing blonde or brown hair ; others had short or buzzed hair styles . 
 in any case , they were stunning , even in the pouring rain . 
 one of the fey signaled others close by to approach . 
 he whispered something to them and they continued on . 
 they held bows in their hands with an arrow cocked and ready to fire . 
 the fey were rumored to wield great magic and influence the elements , just like a witch or warlock . 
 they probably were the ones who started the thunderstorm . 
 some fey believed they were better than witches and dominated them in magic . 
 they were also said to be dark creatures that liked to mess with people and torture them for the fun of it . 
 the fey below her were hunting something . 
 they seemed to have no interest in willow or declan . 
 if the fey sensed they were here , they did n't act like it . 
 the fairy hunters disappeared from their sight quietly into the trees as the sly wolves they were and willow let out the breath she had been holding . 
 willow and declan stayed in the tree until the rain stopped . 
 it was only a passing storm that lasted for merely half an hour , but it seemed as though a hurricane had just passed through the area . 
 when they reached the ground , fallen leaves and twigs were scattered everywhere , and plants had been uprooted and tossed by the wind . 
 the dirt was wet and made it impossible to walk on the muddy surface . 
 willow sunk in the ground with each step she took . 
 twilight stretched across the forest , or at least , it looked like twilight . 
 the everwild never stayed light for long . 
 the dimming rays of sun mixed with the blue sky cast oranges , pinks , and yellows to paint the land . 
 declan decided it should be okay to continue going north , even though that was the direction where the hunters had gone . 
 they would have to be on better guard , so they did n't talk to each other , just listened and tried to be as stealthy as the hunters . 
 walking through the forest became tiring . 
 her legs felt wobbly . 
 her mouth was completely dry and her breath came up short . 
 declan seemed to realize this and they stopped to rest for a while . 
 when she was ready to go again , he walked up to her nonchalantly , took his hands and brushed her hair away from her face . 
 willow froze . 
 all she could do was stare hopelessly into his beautiful hazel eyes that had subtle hints of blue and green in them . 
 declan stared unblinkingly back into her eyes while continued brushing the tangled mess of hair away from her cheeks . 
 her senses were on edge with his every touch . 
 she tried not to lean into his hands as they caressed her face . 
 it took all her energy to keep her knees from collapsing under her . 
 declan smiled . 
 it was another breathtaking smile which melted her heart . 
 he tucked some of her hair behind her ear , and then ran his thumb gently down her cheek . 
 his touch was so soft and tender , that it stunned her and left her helpless . 
 even after he removed his hand with a slight frown , willow could still feel the prickly sensations he left on her skin . 
 declan seemed like he did n't realize his effect on her . 
 she tried to hide her innermost feelings , but ever since their journey into the everwild , something was changing . 
 feelings that she never wanted to have bubbled to the surface like lava , and if she was n't careful , she would explode . 
 she already coached herself that he was off limits . 
 he did n't want her that way . 
 she did n't want him that way either ... or did she ? 
 she could easily be caught up in his spell , so distancing herself and arguing with him were better choices-the easier route to take . 
 she wanted to keep it that way . 
 yet when he did nice , sweet things like that , it only made the heartache worse and her lust for him increase . 
 a terrible howl echoed in the distance . 
 the warm feeling declan left on her turned cold . 
 `` did you hear that ? '' 
 she whispered shakily . 
 the howl resonated close to where they stood but carried for miles . 
 a creature was calling for aide . 
 `` sounds like a wolf , '' declan said and turned to her . 
 `` we need to be careful . 
 wolves always travel in packs . '' 
 `` something is n't right , dec , i can feel it , '' willow said trembling . 
 a small tug on her heartstrings sent her nerves on edge . 
 someone was hurting . 
 badly . 
 she needed to get there to help whoever it was . 
 her instincts told her it was n't something evil . 
 `` i have to go , '' she started walking dazedly towards the sound but was stopped abruptly by someone pulling her arm . 
 `` oh no you do n't willow tree ! '' 
 declan scolded . 
 `` we carry on with our mission . 
 we do n't stop , and we do n't help anyone in the everwild . 
 ever . 
 we do n't know what made that sound . 
 now , come on . '' 
 `` let me go ! '' 
 she jerked her arm from him . 
 `` stop ordering me around ! '' 
 `` i ca n't let you go ! '' 
 declan said frustrated . 
 `` you ca n't just go gallivanting into the forest like a hero . 
 remember where we are ! 
 you 're not even supposed to use magic ! 
 so come on ! 
 let 's go . '' 
 another howl bellowed in the wilderness , this time it was like the sound 's origin was really close . 
 willow winced at the pain in the voice . 
 she took a step away from declan . 
 `` do n't you da -- '' he began and reached for her , but willow expertly dodged him and took off running towards the sound . 
 she heard declan close on her heels , but she was small and fast and could maneuver through the trees better than him . 
 she ran only a few hundred feet until she skidded to a stop and gasped . 
 a humongous wolf was lying in a metal bear trap . 
 its right hind leg was clamped and bleeding profusely over the rugged ground . 
 it stained the dirt red . 
 the poor wolf 's leg was half broken , and the hair was matted and coated with blood , the clamp hit an artery . 
 he would lose his leg soon and bleed out if she did n't do something . 
 the wolf saw her and locked eyes with hers , letting out a low throaty growl . 
 he was all black besides a white streak down his snarling muzzle . 
 the wolf 's eyes were an almond shape and bright blue , contrasting starkly with his beautiful coat . 
 `` it 's okay , '' willow cooed softly and held her hands out . 
 `` i 'm not going to hurt you . '' 
 the wolf cocked its head and stopped growling when he heard her voice . 
 willow tried being as soothing as possible . 
 she took a step forward . 
 the wolf remained cautious of willow 's presence , watching her every move . 
 `` you 're such a pretty wolf , are n't you ? '' 
 she chided and crouched down , getting closer and closer to him . 
 the wolf followed her with narrowed eyes . 
 `` and you 're eyes are so stunning . '' 
 she was almost able to touch the wolf , but to keep a soothing air about her she continued talking to the wolf as she was almost there . 
 `` i 'm willow rose , a healer . 
 well , really , i 'm a first degree witch . 
 i did n't know i was a healer until three days ago . 
 i almost lost my life , you know . 
 it looks like you 're in a lot of pain , huh boy ? 
 i know what that 's like . 
 can i help you ? '' 
 timidly , willow reached for the wolf . 
 she held her hand out directly in front of his muzzle , somehow unafraid . 
 she felt like the wolf was starting to trust her . 
 to prove it , the wolf closed the distance between them and touched his nose to her open palm . 
 `` there now , that was n't so bad , huh pretty boy ? '' 
 she cooed . 
 the wolf snorted , almost like it was laughing at her . 
 willow ran her hand up his nose to the space between his ears and scratched . 
 the wolf growled , but it was a good , pleasant sound . 
 willow smiled , and then assessed his leg . 
 the bear trap was jagged and sharp and had his leg trapped pretty good . 
 the white of his tibia bone was showing . 
 it did n't look good at all , but willow was n't squeamish anymore about the sight of blood . 
 `` let 's get this claw off , shall we ? '' 
 willow asked and moved to unclip the lever that would release the wolf 's leg . 
 `` willow what are you doing ? '' 
 declan exclaimed behind her . 
 the wolf whipped its head and shifted his body growling deeply , revealing a sharp row of teeth in his mouth . 
 saliva dripped down his chin in a feral way . 
 willow was knocked off balance and landed on her side . 
 `` declan ! '' 
 she said in frustration , her effort to calm the wolf completely backfired by the stupid imposing warlock . 
 `` get away from him , willow ! '' 
 declan said . 
 `` that 's a werewolf ! '' 
 willow looked to the wolf 's head , who was now fixated on her . 
 his blue eyes gazed intently into hers . 
 he looked like a normal wolf , besides how large he was . 
 he was practically the size of a grizzly bear . 
 she turned on declan . 
 `` then why is n't he shifting into a human , dec ? '' 
 `` get . 
 away . 
 now ! '' 
 declan said rushing up to her . 
 suddenly , the wolf lashed out at declan , jumping up and using the side of his body to ram into declan . 
 declan was knocked flat on his back . 
 willow used the distraction to work the trap , undoing the clip and pulling the lever up . 
 the trap busted open in seconds and the wolf was free . 
 declan came up to willow , lifted her by the waist , and pulled her far from the wolf . 
 she protested and wiggled against him but it did no use . 
 declan was like a rock . 
 `` let me go ! 
 let me heal him , declan ! '' 
 `` yes , declan , let her , '' a smooth , male voice said in front of them . 
 they both turned and saw a tall , naked man standing in the middle of the forest just a few feet from them . 
 he had the decency to hide behind a bush to block his lower half , and willow stopped squirming in declan 's arms , mouth gaping at the gorgeous sight . 
 the man was young and youthful looking with jet black hair and piercing blue eyes . 
 he had pouty lips and a straight nose with high cheekbones . 
 he was tanned and had a lean stomach , eight pack abs , and defined , bulging arm muscles . 
 he was breathtakingly gorgeous . 
 the man 's eyes met willow 's and brightened mischievously . 
 she knew those familiar , stunning eyes . 
 they were the same as the wolf . 
 `` wow , '' willow said breathlessly , still admiring the hot boy in front of her . 
 the man chuckled sexily , but then winced as if it hurt him . 
 willow perked up , remembering his injury . 
 how the werewolf was still standing with a broken , shattered right leg , she had no idea . 
 `` even though i do heal quickly , somehow the idea of your hands all over me is not something i can pass up , '' the werewolf smirked with a heated look in his eyes towards willow . 
 willow 's knees nearly buckled under her . 
 declan 's grip tightened on her waist . 
 `` do n't , '' he whispered desperately in her ear , `` he 's dangerous . '' 
 willow turned her head and almost collided with his lips , but pulled back quickly . 
 `` let . 
 me . 
 go . '' 
 he released her and frowned , a flash of hurt crossing his features , but he backed away willingly . 
 willow sauntered up to the naked man smiling bashfully . 
 `` hey there healer , '' the werewolf said flashing a brilliant smile in return . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 declan said running up to them . 
 he held out a pair of shorts to the werewolf . 
 `` put these on . '' 
 the werewolf crossed his arms and regarded declan coldly . 
 `` i would , but sadly i do n't wish to be indebted to a warlock . 
 i already owe too much . '' 
 `` just take them , '' declan muttered and looked at willow . 
 willow 's cheek flushed red with embarrassment at the exchange . 
 she 'd never seen a naked man before , and did n't even stop to think about it . 
 one more step and she would 've found out everything a man had to offer . 
 the werewolf snatched the shorts and laughed quietly . 
 a thought popped into willow 's head . 
 `` hey ! 
 where did you get those shorts ? '' 
 declan actually looked embarrassed when he said , `` i was wearing them under my jeans . '' 
 willow raised her eyebrows . 
 the werewolf huffed behind her . 
 `` well great ! 
 i 've always wanted to wear clothes that were just on another guy 's body . '' 
 `` would you prefer walking around naked instead ? '' 
 declan snapped at him . 
 `` guess not , '' he shrugged and put them on . 
 `` do n't worry , healer , i 'm decent now thanks to your boyfriend . '' 
 the werewolf said smiling . 
 `` he 's not my boyfriend , '' willow said immediately as the werewolf stepped out from the bush . 
 he was tall and broad and willow saw him favoring his left leg . 
 his right leg was still open ; the wound was deep and would take a while to heal , even for a werewolf . 
 blood ran in uneven streaks down his leg . 
 it was a nasty injury and willow found her arm already reaching out to him , the tingling sensation coursing through her fingertips at the ready . 
 the werewolf sat on the ground and waited patiently for willow . 
 she crouched to his level . 
 closing her eyes , she waved her hands above his leg . 
 up and down she moved her arms , feeling the tendons mending together and the blood rushing quicker to heal him . 
 `` wow , '' she heard the wolf say , but she only continued healing . 
 finally , the wound was closed and the werewolf jumped to his feet , stretching and jogging in place . 
 willow stood and watched him amused and a little arrogant . 
 `` good as new ! '' 
 he rushed up to willow and wrapped her in a hug , lifting her from her feet and squeezing hard , twirling her around . 
 `` ca n't breathe , '' willow laughed . 
 the werewolf put her back on her feet . 
 declan spoke up beside her and the good she was feeling instantaneously vanished . 
 `` i ca n't believe you used your healing power on him willow ! 
 did you even stop to think how it will put us in more danger ? 
 no ! 
 i warned you not to do it but instead you went charging in like you always do ! 
 i mean , come on , willow , i know you 're smarter than that ! 
 did n't you learn your lesson with the ghouls ? '' 
 a stab of hurt penetrated through her . 
 if it was n't for her healing power , declan could have been dead . 
 even though the ghouls discovered them , they still managed to escape together , and without magic to boot ! 
 she turned her back on the werewolf to face declan . 
 `` listen closely , declan aldridge . 
 i 'm sick of you ordering me around like a child , i 'm sick of you thinking you know what 's best for me , and i 'm sick of you holding me back and thinking i 'm not good enough to do what i was born to do ! '' 
 `` i never said -- '' `` well i 've got news for you ! 
 just because your father is head warlock does n't give you the right to make all the decisions ! 
 it 's my talisman we 're going after , it 's my family that needs my help , and it 's my power that will guide us there ! 
 so just do us all a favor and shut up ! '' 
 an awkward silence followed willow 's outburst . 
 declan 's fists tightened at his sides and his face was contorted with rage . 
 he opened his mouth as if he wanted to dispute her , but then shut it again . 
 tears swelled in willow 's eyes . 
 she wondered what happened to the sweet , caring declan he was earlier . 
 why was he being so mean ? 
 declan saw willow about to burst into tears and stepped up to her , but the werewolf got there first . 
 he towered in front of willow blocking her view of declan . 
 to her surprise , he leaned down and took her arm kissing the back of her hand . 
 `` i never gave you a proper thank you , healer , '' he said , `` so thank you . 
 you have saved my life and in return , i pledge my services to you as long as you would have me . '' 
 `` oh , no , you do n't have to do that , '' she said pulling her hand away . 
 the werewolf stepped closer to her , invading her personal space . 
 `` you do n't understand , healer . 
 i can protect you . '' 
 he looked back at declan and then at her as if to say he could do a better job at protecting her . 
 `` trust me , having a werewolf may come in handy , especially here . 
 it 's obvious you do n't live here , and judging by the conversation you just had with your boyfriend over there , you 're on some kind of awesome mission , and well , i 'm a mission type of guy . '' 
 `` um ... no , '' willow said defiantly trying to look to declan for help . 
 he was leaning against a tree with his arms crossed looking pissed off . 
 he definitely was n't going to help . 
 another wave of hurt coursed through her . 
 it took all her effort not to go running into his arms apologizing for her behavior . 
 would there ever be a time where her and declan did n't fight about something ? 
 `` do n't make me beg , healer , '' the werewolf pleaded . 
 `` i can lead you wherever you want . '' 
 `` do you know where the crystal cave is ? '' 
 `` whoa ! 
 hold on ! 
 you 're going to the crystal cave ? '' 
 he exclaimed in shock . 
 `` are you asking for a death sentence ? 
 i ca n't go there because ... . '' 
 he trailed off looking over his shoulder in paranoia . 
 `` because what ? '' 
 willow asked curiously . 
 `` it 's nothing , '' he shook his head and turned back to her . 
 `` if you 're going there , then i 'm your man . 
 that is , of course , if you 'll have me , '' he pouted his lips and widened his eyes looking very much like a puppy . 
 `` i have your word that you 'll take us there ? '' 
 willow asked . 
 `` on my life , i will guide you , '' the werewolf said smiling and putting his hand over his heart in a gallant pledge . 
 `` but if i die along the way , then you 're on your own . '' 
 `` ooookay , '' willow said sarcastically . 
 `` that was n't morbid or anything . '' 
 the werewolf reared his head back and laughed . 
 `` i like you , healer . '' 
 `` oh , i 'm willow , '' she said . 
 `` yeah , she likes being called willow too , '' declan said mockingly and came to stand near them . 
 the werewolf looked at declan and then back to willow smiling . 
 `` shall we go , then , healer ? '' 
 he grabbed willow 's hand and pulled her away from declan as they took off walking . 
 twining his hands in hers , he firmly held her hand , not letting go . 
 willow did n't protest . 
 they were back on track with a guide who knew how to navigate the everwild . 
 the odds seemed to favor her . 
 she only glanced back once to make sure declan was following . 
 he did n't look happy , but he was still there . 
 `` so ... do you know if we 're close ? '' 
 willow asked hopefully . 
 `` oh , we 're at least a few days from the cave , healer , '' the werewolf looked down at her . 
 his face was so flawless , that willow could n't take her eyes from him . 
 he still was n't as attractive as declan , though . 
 `` but you do n't have to worry , because i 'm with you . '' 
 willow faked sadness and pouted . 
 `` and i do n't even know your name ... '' the werewolf laughed and squeezed her hand . 
 `` i 'm so lost in your spell that i did n't even introduce myself ... . 
 pun intended . '' 
 the werewolf looked back at declan smugly and then back at her . 
 `` i 'm chase . '' 
 `` well , chase , thanks for your help . '' 
 `` such a sweet little healer , '' chase said and pulled her closer to him . 
 he smelled like wet dog . 
 `` and so beautiful too ! 
 are you single ? '' 
 willow laughed . 
 `` are you always this ... this ... '' `` charming ? 
 confident ? 
 feisty ? '' 
 chase suggested waggling his eyebrows . 
 `` um ... yeah . '' 
 `` i 'm a werewolf . 
 you 're a super hot healer witch girl . 
 i have a feeling we 'll get to know each other very well in the next few days . '' 
 `` looking forward to it , '' willow said non-enthusiastically . 
 she had always wanted attention like this , always wanted an attractive , charming person in her life to treat her like she mattered . 
 but something did n't settle with her . 
 there were no feelings , no sparks , and nothing stirring inside her . 
 granted she just met chase , and he was of a completely different magical race than she , but something was off . 
 feeling eyes on her back , willow slowly turned her head to the side and glanced back at declan . 
 the look in his eyes made her feel like she had betrayed him . 
 she turned quickly to the front , resisting the urge to cry . 
 she knew who she wanted , and it was n't the charming werewolf named chase . 
 chapter 8 dokkaebi-napped willow did n't know what was worse , chase 's flirtatiousness or declan 's indifference . 
 with each step she took , her worry for declan increased . 
 okay , so she yelled at him , but now he was n't talking or saying anything at all ! 
 in was infuriating , hurtful , and confusing . 
 several times she found herself turning around about to demand what his problem was and why he was ignoring her , but then she always stopped herself . 
 she was already feeling guilty about her outburst , but he just let chase keep complimenting and pestering her . 
 he did n't seem to care at all , which bothered her even more . 
 but then , she should n't expect him to care , either , since they were n't a couple , but it was still getting under her skin , as only declan seemed to do . 
 chase was obnoxious . 
 at first , it was all cute because he was cute . 
 now , he was overdoing it , like he wanted to impress her or something . 
 she did learn a good deal about werewolves by talking to him , though . 
 a werewolf could shift into their wolf form at any moment . 
 he and the wolf were one entity . 
 while in wolf form , chase had complete and total control over his movements and thoughts . 
 he was still a rational thinking man but his physical appearance was just altered . 
 he could understand everything willow said when she tried healing him earlier , which seemed quite hilarious to him . 
 chase lived in a pack , just like normal wolves did , with an alpha at the head . 
 chase was on his way back to his pack when he was trapped . 
 he hinted more than once how furious his alpha would be with him when he found out about his new debt to be paid . 
 `` what 's your alpha 's name ? '' 
 willow asked . 
 chase glanced at her sideways and smirked . 
 `` i 'd tell you , but then i 'd have to kill you . '' 
 he stopped to sniff the air . 
 `` this way , '' he steered them up rocky terrain . 
 `` we 're getting close to dokkaebi territory . '' 
 `` dokkaebi ? '' 
 willow said inching closer to chase . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 the name alone was strange enough to send shudders down her back . 
 in her spell casting training , she had never spent much time on learning about the lesser magical creatures . 
 she merely had to memorize the names of a few popular ones and the spells that would work best to defend her and hinder them . 
 for instance , a werewolf is allergic to silver . 
 producing silver would disarm them and give her enough time to kill or escape . 
 she had no idea what a dokkaebi was or even if it was dangerous , as it was one of the lesser magical beings . 
 it sure sounded terrifying . 
 `` you really should get out more , '' chase laughed at her . 
 `` if i have to explain every little magical creature out there and their habits and where they live and what they eat , it could take forever . 
 then again , forever with you does n't sound too bad . 
 so how about we start alphabetically . 
 let 's see ... first there 's the banshee . 
 no , wait . 
 the first would be an ankou . 
 come across one of those , and you 'd be dead within the night . 
 they only come out when death is imminent . '' 
 willow hugged herself and tried not to be worried by the scary creature lessons she was about to be given . 
 chase continued on as if she wanted to hear all about this . 
 `` they look like skeletons , but hide most of their form by a thick black cloak that -- '' `` just stop it , werewolf . 
 ca n't you see you 're bothering her ? '' 
 declan finally spoke up angrily . 
 willow exhaled deeply at hearing his voice . 
 when declan moved to stand beside her , willow could n't have been more relieved . 
 he remained distant from her and did n't look at her , but he faced the werewolf with a cool resolve . 
 his hazel eyes literally burned into chase , who stood slightly taller than declan . 
 declan was pissed , but chase only looked amused . 
 `` bothering her ? '' 
 chase asked calmly . 
 `` i was simply doing what you spell casters fail to do . 
 educate . '' 
 `` that so ? '' 
 declan chided , rage welling inside him . 
 `` well how about i educate you in how to use manners around a woman ? 
 better yet , i should just get you a silver collar to latch around your neck to help hold up your big head ! '' 
 `` i liked you better when you were n't talking , warlock , '' chase counteracted . 
 `` and i liked you better when i did n't know you existed , '' declan sneered back and stepped next to willow . 
 this time , he did look at her . 
 willow gave him an encouraging smile , like she was trying to apologize without really saying it . 
 declan 's eyes softened on hers and then turned back to chase . 
 he shifted halfway in front of willow and signaled with his hand in front of him sarcastically . 
 `` now be a good boy and lead the way . '' 
 chase snarled at declan , looking very much like an angry wolf . 
 his canines extended and his eyes flashed dangerously at declan 's taunting . 
 `` you better watch it , warlock , '' chase growled . 
 `` you really do n't want to mess with me . '' 
 `` you 're right , '' declan said , just as irritably , `` that would only be stooping to a level of total incompetence . 
 would n't wan na do that , huh ? '' 
 chase wound his hand up in a fist and declan was willing and waiting for the opportunity to put this werewolf in his place when willow stepped right in between the two and shoved them apart with all of her might . 
 they barely moved , but both guys looked at her perplexed , as if they just realized she was there the entire time . 
 she crossed her arms and looked up at the two gorgeous men above her . 
 willow felt so small standing in between those two . 
 they were both so tall and fit . 
 `` please tell me you were n't going to get into a fight , '' willow said pinching the bridge of her nose . 
 `` because that 's my job . '' 
 both guys ' eyebrows shot up in question , caught off by her words , which is what willow wanted : distraction . 
 willow looked at them and tried to seem irritated . 
 she turned first to chase . 
 `` chase , you 're our guide . 
 not a slave , not a lap dog , not some flirty wolf-boy who only wants one thing . 
 you are a guide . 
 k ? '' 
 next , willow turned to declan and stared hard into his eyes , trying not to let her voice give away any emotion she was now feeling towards him , which was jittery , excitement , and -lrb- she had to admit -rrb- , love struck . 
 `` declan , you 're my protector . 
 you defend my life , my honor , and anything else that cocky head of yours feels like you should guard me from . 
 that does not include stopping me from healing who i want and when i want . 
 k ? '' 
 declan crossed his arms and lifted a corner of his mouth in amusement . 
 willow blew out a breath of air . 
 `` so ... that just leaves someone who needs to be the leader . 
 that 's me . 
 i will be the one to yell , order , and demand anything i want from both of you , got it ? 
 so really , if you get into an argument or a fight , it will only be because you 're mad at me . 
 is that clear ? '' 
 willow said putting her hands on her hips . 
 chase laughed nearly showing all his teeth . 
 `` flirty wolf-boy ? 
 sorry , healer , but you are just too damn cute ! 
 you 're such a small thing to have all that power . 
 think you can handle it ? '' 
 `` there 's more to her than you think , '' declan said smiling and giving willow a quick approval with his eyes . 
 willow tried not to squirm under his stare , but declan made her heart pound in her chest at his assessment . 
 it was something she realized that no other person has done-make her heart quicken with just one look . 
 she longed to know what he thought of her and what this `` more to her than you think '' comment meant . 
 `` okay , wolf-boy , '' willow said , turning to chase and trying not to stand staring at declan all day , which she easily could , `` we 're relying on you now . 
 lead on , oh fearless guide . '' 
 `` as you wish , you 're healerness , '' chase bowed and began walking through the forest in front of her in a much better mood than before . 
 declan came up to walk beside her . 
 simultaneously , they both spoke up . 
 `` dec , i 'm sorry -- '' `` listen , willow -- '' they both stopped and looked at each other for a moment before smiling . 
 declan turned serious when he asked , `` why are you apologizing ? '' 
 willow looked puzzled . 
 `` um ... because i yelled at you . '' 
 declan sighed heavily and ran a hand through his hair before speaking . 
 `` i 'm the one who should be apologizing to you . 
 i tried stopping you from healing someone in need . '' 
 one of chase 's ears twitched , like he was listening in on the conversation , but to willow , it was like they were the only two in the forest . 
 `` healing is a part of you willow , and it was selfish of me to hold you back . 
 but you got ta understand , when you take off and run away from me like that , i panic because ... well ... i do n't know what i 'd do if anything happened to you . '' 
 declan 's confession stunned her . 
 what was he saying ? 
 did he care for her in more than a friendship way ? 
 or did he just feel obligated for her safety ? 
 yeah , that last one was probably it . 
 he did n't want to look bad in front of his order if he did n't protect willow to the best of his ability . 
 it certainly had nothing to do with wanting , needing , or desiring her . 
 right ? 
 she did n't want to let declan know how much his words meant to her though . 
 they touched her , affected her in such a deep way that she was practically desperate for his approval . 
 willow had tried her hardest to suppress any feelings she had towards declan , making up excuses about why she should n't fall for him , but no matter how hard she tried not to think about him , she thought about him even more . 
 willow had never seen the tender , caring side of declan before . 
 heck , she did n't even know he was capable of being sweet ! 
 then again , she had n't spent this long in his presence , only seeing him when there was a special gathering of the witches and warlocks , where they would ridicule and fight with each other . 
 but now , with declan so close , and getting closer to her , he literally broke down every single wall she had built up around him . 
 she did n't know what to say , but she did n't have to , because just then chase turned to them and put his hands on his hips . 
 `` welcome to your four star hotel experience . 
 tonight , we will be enjoying the luxuries of this grassy area . 
 find a soft spot , lye down , and rest your cares away . 
 we have a continental breakfast in the morning for your convenience . '' 
 what grassy area ? 
 chase signaled to a small patch of land with dirt holes , rocks , and some grass . 
 roots from the twisted trees popped out of the ground and had moss and lichens covering it . 
 the clouds darkened with the promise of a long and uncomfortable night . 
 willow was grateful for the rest , however , and situated herself against an everwild tree with smoother looking bark . 
 declan sat down almost right next to her , once again making her heart quicken . 
 `` now if you lovebirds do n't mind , i 'm going to shift and set up a perimeter , '' chase said . 
 `` how are you going to do that ? '' 
 declan asked annoyed . 
 he really did n't like chase for some reason . 
 `` well , there 's this thing called a nose . 
 its part of the body located on the face that can smell ... '' `` get to the point , werewolf . '' 
 `` the point is , unlike you magic casters , i can smell nearly a mile away in any direction . 
 now what would i use that amazing , awesome , drool-worthy capability for ? 
 oh , i do n't know , maybe to make sure no freaky creature is lurking near us ! 
 so like i said before , i 'm going to shift and sniff . '' 
 willow giggled . 
 `` that kinda rhymed . '' 
 `` told you i would come in handy , healer , '' chase winked at willow . 
 `` just do n't miss me too much , baby . 
 i should n't be gone long . '' 
 chase started stripping his shorts off and willow ducked her head just in time to not see his nakedness . 
 she heard a tearing noise anyway , and thought he ripped the shorts , but it was just the sound of him shifting forms . 
 chase was back into the mighty black wolf with blue eyes . 
 willow 's eyes widened when chase turned to her and actually winked at her ! 
 that was weird ! 
 he bounded off through the forest , and disappeared in the darkness . 
 willow turned to declan and smirked . 
 `` he 's just as sarcastic as you are , you know . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 declan asked shocked , `` i 'm not sarcastic . 
 i just say the truth in a different way . '' 
 `` yeah , okay , '' willow rolled her eyes , `` i do n't know whether to laugh at you or pity you . '' 
 `` you could just stop talking and we could make out ? '' 
 declan suggested , which shocked her . 
 she turned to gawk at him . 
 `` or not ... '' he shrugged . 
 the idea of kissing declan made willow instinctively look down at his lips . 
 they were so smooth and welcoming , the bottom lip slightly bigger than the top . 
 his lips were still so plush and full and sudden desire coursed through her when she finally pried her eyes from his mouth and stared into his eyes . 
 it stunned her how badly she wanted him to kiss her . 
 declan had gone completely rigid as he caught her staring at his lips . 
 the mood went from light and playful , to serious and impassioned . 
 he did n't say anything , but the intensity of his stare set her nerves on fire . 
 he leaned his head down , closer to her , but then stopped , waiting for something . 
 his eyebrows furrowed as he skimmed her face . 
 this was it . 
 he was going to kiss her ! 
 and she was ready for it . 
 she was waiting , anticipating , longing for the feel of his lips on hers . 
 she was just starting to close her eyes when he pulled back . 
 declan cleared his throat and said in a low voice , `` we should probably try to get some sleep . 
 at least we have the werewolf out looking for dangers this time . 
 we do n't have to worry about ghouls snatching us tonight . 
 um ... goodnight willow . '' 
 willow was frozen , letting rejection pound into her like a hammer . 
 `` night , '' she said solemnly and turned her back on him , lying down on her side . 
 tears blurred her eyes . 
 he did n't want her . 
 she knew it all along . 
 he would 've kissed her if he wanted her , but instead , he left her feeling empty and alone . 
 she squeezed her eyes shut as hated tears dripped down her cheeks . 
 declan shifted beside her . 
 he was close enough that she could feel his body heat , yet it did nothing to warm the cold she felt inside . 
 but he was the one who suggested kissing in the first place ! 
 was he messing with her ? 
 toying around with her emotions ? 
 it certainly felt like it and her heart nearly burst with sorrow . 
 she was just like any love struck witch to fall for his charms . 
 how could she be so stupid ? 
 after what seemed like forever , willow finally dozed off ... willow shivered , the feel of spindly foliage scratching at her legs and arms . 
 she felt dizzy , like she was rocking back and forth really fast . 
 a great root stuck in her back and both legs ! 
 she could n't sleep like this ! 
 she felt heavy and extremely groggy . 
 halfheartedly , willow opened her eyes , and then snapped awake . 
 her body jolted and jerked when she realized she was actually moving ! 
 turning her head to the side , she saw small heads bobbing up and down . 
 little arms gripped her legs and body . 
 it was too dark to see what they were . 
 there were swarms of them ! 
 she was being carried ! 
 someone was taking her away !!! 
 `` hey ! 
 let me go !!! '' 
 she screamed and thrashed about . 
 razor sharp claws dug into her skin when she shouted out . 
 `` decla ----- '' was all she could yell when something squeezed her neck hard and she past out . 
 all she knew was darkness . 
 willow heard a deep grumbling sometime later . 
 it echoed as if she were in a tunnel . 
 she opened her eyes . 
 not a tunnel . 
 a cavern . 
 willow was sitting on peach colored rocks in a dimly lit cave . 
 she looked up dizzily . 
 stalactites hung dangerously low and pointed straight down at her like the tips of sharp knives . 
 every few feet , a torch was lit on the cave wall lighting up the dark . 
 the grumbling noise sounded again , and then lots of chattering followed it . 
 willow turned her head to the sound to see shadowy shapes coming towards her in the flickering light from a tunnel to the left . 
 what emerged from the tunnel was a sight that willow would never forget . 
 short , stubby devils with duck shaped mouths and large slanted yellow eyes walked straight towards her . 
 they were ugly creatures with square heads and two horns , red mustaches and eyebrows . 
 they wore ragged clothing . 
 their tattered pants were held up by various colored ribbon . 
 they were small , but there were so many willow could n't count , like a sea of strange faces staring at her . 
 they chuckled in scratchy voices showing sharp teeth and thick red tongues . 
 were they a different breed of goblin ? 
 willow trembled when she found that her hands had been bound with rope . 
 she was once again a prisoner . 
 but this time , she was all alone . 
 the creatures stared and her , smiling maliciously . 
 then , the sea of devils parted and a slightly larger one emerged . 
 he wore a headdress sprouting bright red feathers . 
 he carried a long black stick that looked like a wand . 
 on the tip was a crystal ball . 
 the leader regarded willow curiously and then spoke to his minions in a strange language . 
 he turned to her and gruffly asked , `` good or bad ? '' 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 willow demanded . 
 the leader turned to the others and shrugged . 
 `` bad ? '' 
 the minions laughed and agreed . 
 he turned back to willow . 
 `` feed bad to dragon . 
 feed good to dragon . 
 do n't matter . 
 dragon is hungry . 
 you food . 
 even if bad , that is good ! '' 
 `` dragon !???!! '' willow shrieked making the whole cave reverberate with her high pitched shrill . 
 suddenly , a deep grumbling filled the cave from where the devils emerged . 
 panic struck her . 
 she was all alone with a bunch of little horned imps , and they were going to feed her to a dragon ? 
 what was with creatures in the everwild trying to eat her ? 
 `` help ! 
 help ! 
 somebody help me ! '' 
 she backed up into the cave wall as the creatures advanced on her , their ape shaped arms stretched out with long talons on their fingers . 
 `` get away from me ! 
 ahhh !!! '' 
 willow screamed when they tripped her and effortlessly picked her up , carrying her down the tunnel . 
 descending deeper and deeper into the cave , the tunnel seemed to be endless in length . 
 she whipped and flayed around , but she only got scratched up more from the creatures ' claws . 
 the tunnel opened up to a large room , bigger than the cavern she woke up in . 
 within the room , there was a deep black pit that was extremely wide , making the path around it narrow . 
 suddenly , flames erupted from the pit , lighting up the dark and heating the cave with scorching temperatures . 
 willow screamed as the devils carried her closer and closer to the pit . 
 `` please ! 
 stop ! 
 i 'll do anything ! 
 please ! '' 
 the leader actually looked sad when he came up to her and said , `` we not make rules . 
 dragon does . 
 we do n't want sacrifice dokkaebi to him no more ! 
 we find good . 
 we find bad . 
 then , we feed dragon . '' 
 a great roar bellowed from the pit and masked willow 's screams . 
 she watched in terror when a large mouth that was nearly as wide as the pit protruded from it . 
 the mouth had thick golden scales . 
 a snake-like tongue slithered from the mouth and nearly licked the stalactites on the ceiling of the cave . 
 the dokkaebi devils shrunk back in fear and trembled looking between the dragon 's mouth and willow . 
 the mouth receded back into the deep pit , waiting patiently for the sacrifice . 
 the dragon knew she was here ; knew it was seconds away from eating . 
 tears streamed down willow 's face . 
 the dokkaebi holding willow slowly advanced to the dragon 's mouth . 
 willow tried her hardest to escape , but with so many hands holding her down it was impossible ! 
 the edge of the pit was near . 
 she felt them tipping her , ready to throw her in when suddenly , green lightning burst through the cavern , striking the stalactites . 
 they trembled for an instant , and then fell like hail above the pit and all around the cave . 
 they landed on the dragon , who roared in pain , but did not show its ugly face . 
 more and more stalactites fell around them , and several dokkaebi dropped to the floor dead . 
 pure chaos erupted in the cave . 
 dokkaebi scattered and retreated to other tunnels screaming in fear . 
 the dokkaebi holding willow would not let her go and they began whisking her away towards another tunnel . 
 they almost made it when a huge wolf burst out of the tunnel and howled with fury . 
 the dokkaebi screamed and dropped willow to the ground running away screaming madly . 
 the wolf bounded after them . 
 she watched in horror when a stalactite above her cracked and dropped , plunging straight for her ! 
 willow screamed knowing she had seconds to move . 
 but it was going to hit her ! 
 willow 's heart burst just as the stalactite stopped inches from her abdomen , hovering in midair . 
 she turned her head to the right and there stood declan with his right hand stretched out , using his magic to stop the jagged rock . 
 he made the stalactite fly into the wall away from her making it shatter and burst into pieces . 
 `` declan ! '' 
 willow cried as tears streamed down her face . 
 they found her ! 
 `` we have to get out of here now ! '' 
 declan yelled looking over at chase , who was having a ball bowling over dokkaebi like they were play things . 
 `` the cave 's going to collapse ! '' 
 chase nodded his big head in their direction and weaved his way over to them through the falling rock . 
 declan rushed up to willow and picked her up . 
 once chase was beside him , they both took off at a run in a tunnel to the right . 
 thunderous crashes boomed throughout the cave as the ceiling was crumbling . 
 behind them , the cave had already collapsed . 
 they were running for their lives . 
 declan 's breathing was heavy from carrying willow , who could only look behind her at the incredible damage of the cave-in . 
 `` hold on ! '' 
 declan said . 
 willow turned her head to see light at the end of the tunnel , but the ceiling in front of them was raining down chunks of rocks . 
 `` be careful ! '' 
 willow shouted when chase took off in front of them . 
 declan sped up , trying to catch the wolf . 
 willow cried out as a large rock fell and landed on her leg . 
 pain lanced through her like never before . 
 her leg throbbed and shed blood . 
 she clung to declan like a second skin , holding him as tight as she could . 
 he did n't protest though , and actually molded against her , holding her just as tight and never letting her go . 
 the light grew larger and larger until finally they burst through the entrance of the tunnel and back into the everwild . 
 it was still dark out , but dawn was just on the horizon . 
 anything was lighter than the black and dark of that horrendous cave . 
 a great boom sounded behind them and they turned to see that the entrance of the cave was now sealed shut with boulders and rocks . 
 they made it out alive ! 
 dust swirled around them from the collapse making willow cough and sneeze . 
 willow held on to declan with fervor . 
 she heard his heart hammering against her ear , matching her own . 
 she dared not look at his face . 
 not yet . 
 willow inhaled declan 's scent . 
 even without showering for a couple days , he did n't smell bad . 
 he had a unique scent of woods and spice that was actually pleasant . 
 her face rested in the crook of his neck and she closed her eyes allowing the events to sink in . 
 she trembled as declan carried her away from the cave opening and through the forest . 
 they walked in silence for a while . 
 `` i wish i was n't so attractive , '' willow sighed . 
 she still had her eyes closed , basking in the feel of declan holding her . 
 she could 've stayed like that for a long time , even if declan did n't want her . 
 she felt so safe and secure . 
 `` you ca n't help it , '' declan said after a while . 
 willow might 've imagined it , but she thought she heard declan add , `` but it 'd be easier to stop thinking about you . '' 
 willow acted like she did n't hear him and lifted her head instead to search for chase . 
 `` if you 're looking for the werewolf , he 's currently in wolf form until we find the backpack again . '' 
 willow did n't get it at first . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` he 's does n't want to shift cause he knows i 'll kick his ass for not sniffing out the dokkaebi who kidnapped you . 
 he was a mile away doing god knows what until he got back and woke me up ! '' 
 declan said curtly . 
 and also ... his shorts are in there ... '' declan trailed off , letting willow fill in the blanks . 
 `` hey , you think you can walk now ? '' 
 `` oh , um , sure , '' willow said slightly hurt and slightly embarrassed . 
 declan put her down and closed his eyes . 
 `` our backpack is close . 
 follow me . '' 
 willow followed declan through the brambles and thickets that crowded the rocky terrain . 
 the everwild trees near here were sparse and scattered , the glistening dews on the grasses meant that morning was right around the corner . 
 declan parted a few bushes and on the ground in front of him was the backpack . 
 in front of her was chase , back in all his muscular glory in human form , shorts and all . 
 `` hey healer , '' chase said and tussled his black hair before gazing at her with his glassy blue eyes . 
 `` i 'm sorry for -- '' willow held up a hand . 
 `` it 's not your fault , chase . '' 
 declan looked at her incredulously . 
 `` not his fault ? 
 of course it 's his fault !! 
 he was supposed to warn us if creatures were close ! 
 he knew we were sleeping and did n't warn us ! 
 he left us vulnerable to attack ! 
 some protector he is ! 
 he told us he could smell a mile away and what happened ? 
 you get kidnapped and almost get eaten !!! 
 he 's nothing but a chauvinistic dog that needs to be put up in a kennel ! '' 
 `` hey ! '' 
 chase yelled back . 
 `` in my defense , the whole damn territory smells like dokkaebi ! 
 and another thing , the dokkaebi are n't supposed to be evil creatures . 
 they 're just like pixies , causing mischief and shit . 
 i was n't thinking she 'd be in danger of them ! 
 who knew they 'd turn crazy worshipping and helping some dragon . '' 
 `` well if their idea of mischief is taking my willow away from me , and feeding her to a goddamn dragon then that 's bullshit !!! '' 
 declan screamed at chase and charged him . 
 chase braced himself for impact when declan ran full force at him and bowled him over the ground . 
 they both went careening down a small hill behind them , rolling and tumbling , while punching and kicking each other . 
 willow was momentarily dazed when declan called her his , but then snapped out of it quickly and ran after them yelling at them to stop . 
 `` quit it !! '' 
 willow cried when they did n't relent . 
 declan was a madman , hitting chase anywhere he could reach . 
 chase was supernaturally strong and it almost seemed like he was holding back and letting declan pummel him , like he knew he deserved the beating . 
 still , chase was getting a few good punches to declan 's body as well . 
 willow was about to scream at them again when a sensation unlike anything she 's felt before hit her strongly ; an invisible force knocked her backwards . 
 she gasped in shock as her head swirled . 
 her talisman ! 
 someone else has it ! 
 willow froze in alarm when the scene before her changed right before her eyes and she was flying across the ground . 
 left , right , left , and straight she soared above the land . 
 in the vision , the trees whipped past her until she saw the river and a mighty roar coming from a massive waterfall . 
 she was going straight for the waterfall and then whoosh ! 
 directly through it was a dark cave and then she stopped . 
 she looked around and saw thousands of beautiful purple crystals vibrating in the cave . 
 and then willow was ripped from her vision and back to where she stood . 
 willow whipped her head around towards the direction she knew her talisman was located . 
 only one , maybe two days max if they were lucky ! 
 it was closer . 
 she could feel it . 
 how she knew someone else had it in their possession was beyond her , but a feeling of utter despair and anger wrenched through her . 
 that talisman belonged to her ! 
 she had to get to it ! 
 willow turned back to the two men on the ground , grunting and bruising up from each other 's beating . 
 `` declan stop ! 
 my talisman ! 
 i can feel it ! 
 we have to go ! 
 someone has it and the crystal cave ! 
 it 's -- it 's through a waterfall at the end of the river ! 
 if we reach it we can get it back ! 
 come on ! '' 
 there was no response from him or chase as they continued to beat each other screaming curses and insults . 
 there was nothing left to do . 
 `` dokkaebi ! 
 dokkaebi ! '' 
 willow cried over them . 
 `` what ? '' 
 declan stopped mid-punch and turned his head to her . 
 he was straddling chase who was covering his face with his hands . 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` trapped in a cave ? '' 
 willow shrugged and smiled . 
 `` not that it 's important to you or anything , but i felt my talisman calling me . 
 i 'm leaving now . 
 by all means , continue fighting . 
 there 's no point in stopping you this time . '' 
 willow scurried up the hill and grabbed the backpack . 
 but before she could put it on , someone snatched it out of her hands . 
 she turned to see declan putting it on his back and rolled her eyes . 
 `` are you trying to get rid of me ? '' 
 declan asked and grabbed her hand , twining his fingers in hers holding her hand firmly . 
 willow 's heart leapt . 
 `` if having a werewolf around was the way to do it , i should 've invited one to my party . '' 
 `` ha-ha , '' declan said as they started walking again . 
 `` it 's not the werewolf , willow . '' 
 she looked at him . 
 `` what 's that supposed to mean ? '' 
 using his other hand to brush the flyaway 's away from her face , he leaned down and whispered , `` figure it out . '' 
 `` trying to figure you out is like trying to find a path in the everwild . '' 
 a deep voice cleared his throat . 
 they turned to see chase . 
 chase looked down at their clasped hands and then a corner of his mouth -lrb- now swelling from declan 's punch -rrb- lifted . 
 `` i could use a cold drink , a change of clothes , and a nice warm bath . 
 maybe a few wolf-ladies to get my mind off a super hot witch girl . 
 how about you guys ? '' 
 declan sighed impatiently . 
 `` what are you talking about now werewolf ? '' 
 `` my senses tell me the neutral zone is close by , '' he said . 
 `` nearly twenty miles away . 
 i ca n't pass up that opportunity . '' 
 `` you 're speaking in code again , '' willow said . 
 `` not all the everwild is full of bad stuff , you know . '' 
 `` oh , really , and what would give us that impression ? '' 
 she asked sarcastically . 
 chase laughed . 
 `` listen , the neutral zone is like an inn for travelers and other creatures passing through the everwild . 
 well , i guess it 's not for everybody . 
 evil sticks far away due to the enchantments around it , and there 's a rule you can only stay one night . 
 anyway , they have food and drinks and beds to sleep in . 
 of course , it 's pretty pricey and -- '' `` and you 're just now telling us this ? '' 
 declan coiled his fists in rage . 
 willow squeezed his hand to calm him . 
 chase just smiled arrogantly . 
 `` yeah , well , you 're so obsessed with the healer you 're practically ignorant of everything else ! '' 
 willow glanced at declan , whose cheeks were now turning red . 
 `` and you 're such a lame ass werewolf , you 're pack probably kicked you out and you just wo n't admit it ! '' 
 `` declan , '' willow said in warning beside him . 
 `` do n't defend him , willow . 
 he does n't deserve it . '' 
 `` do n't tell me what to -- '' `` geez ! '' 
 chase threw his hands in the air . 
 `` being around you two is exhausting ! 
 do you have to argue about everything , or is that just pent up sexual frustration ? '' 
 now , it was willow 's turn for her cheeks to heat up . 
 `` look , you 're both so adamant about getting to the crystal cave i did n't think it was relevant to tell you about the neutral zone , okay ? '' 
 declan turned on chase . 
 `` everything that you think is irrelevant is relevant ! 
 we are tired , dirty , and famished . 
 you 're an idiot if you think we would n't want to go to a safe place and rest ! 
 i do n't know , maybe we 're tired of sleeping on the cold , hard ground . 
 and yeah , maybe we 'd like an actual meal for once . 
 i do n't know wolf ! 
 what does that pea brain of yours think ? 
 oh wait ! 
 that 's right , it does n't ! '' 
 `` well , tell me how you really feel , '' chase said . 
 deciding to ignore declan 's taunting , chase continued , `` i 'm just letting you know now , this is n't a five star resort , but it 's the only safe haven the everwild has , besides chilling with my pack , but they 're a long way away now . 
 so ... follow me . '' 
 and once again , they were led by the `` misguided '' werewolf into an unknown part of the everwild . 
 chapter 9 the neutral zone twenty miles turned into forty and the day turned into dusk . 
 several times , they stopped to rest and eat , if eating is what they could call it . 
 they were getting low on supplies , and once again , willow found herself munching on an energy bar . 
 it did little to get her energy up , however . 
 she was dragging and getting upset at chase , whose sense of direction was n't as good as he claimed . 
 `` tell me about your talisman , '' declan tried distracting her from the exhaustion she was feeling . 
 they were resting against a fallen tree . 
 `` it was weird , dec , '' willow said remembering . 
 `` i was just standing there watching you two fight and then bam ! 
 i was whisked away in some kind of vision that showed me where it was . 
 i knew it was in the crystal cave from carmela , but i did n't expect to feel so emotional about it . 
 something or someone has it . 
 i could feel the talisman crying out to me , like it somehow knew i did n't have it or something . '' 
 `` well , i do n't know what it 's like to be separated from your talisman , and it seems like your connection to it is strong , but i 'm not stopping until you have it . 
 if i have to kill someone for it , i will . '' 
 his resolve shocked her as he looked deep into her eyes . 
 `` and i 'm not going to hold back my magic , either . 
 i do n't care if we are n't supposed to use it . '' 
 `` dec , '' she let out a breath , `` i 'm really glad you 're with me . 
 i 'd be lost without you . 
 i know we fight a lot , but -- '' `` oh , please , '' chase said interrupting her moment . 
 she almost spilled her heart out to him . 
 thank goodness chase stopped her . 
 `` will you just kiss and make up ? '' 
 `` what makes you think we 're even together ? '' 
 declan said shifting slightly away from her . 
 she did n't notice how close they were moving towards each other while they were talking . 
 it was unnerving how instantly declan turned cold at the mention of them being together . 
 willow found herself hoping , once again , that he liked her . 
 but that hope was quickly squashed as she watched declan look at chase like he was crazy for suggesting it . 
 chase was leaning against a tree with his arms crossed . 
 `` you guys hold hands , argue like you 're an old married couple , and worry over each other like the plague . 
 even sitting together now it 's like you 're drawn to each other like magnets . 
 i just assumed you were in a relationship . '' 
 chase 's observation unsettled willow . 
 was that how it looked to an outsider ? 
 was she being too obvious in her interest in declan ? 
 `` and even if we were , what makes you think you can flirt with her all the time ? '' 
 declan demanded . 
 `` oh , come on . 
 you ca n't sit there and not tell me how gorgeous she is . 
 plus , she 's a healer . 
 i 'd say it 's a win-win . 
 if i have any chance with her , i 'm taking it . 
 i do n't care who she 's with , she 's got ta know what she 'll miss out on if she 's not with me . '' 
 `` which is n't much apparently , '' declan scrutinized chase . 
 `` she is sitting right here , '' willow said taking her hair and attempting to brush the ratty knots out of her long , auburn spirals . 
 she grabbed all her hair and combed it over her right shoulder . 
 glancing sideways at declan , she caught him admiring what she was doing . 
 he quickly turned away from her . 
 she looked to chase , `` besides , i do n't know what the big deal is with me . 
 i 'm nobody special . 
 i 'm not as pretty as you say . '' 
 chase came up to her and sat on her right side . 
 `` you 've got to be kidding me , willow . 
 you really do n't know how amazing you are , do you ? 
 are you one of those girls who do n't know how attractive they are or are you just playing dumb and secretly like the attention ? '' 
 she smiled and immediately changed the all too sensitive subject . 
 `` hey , you called me willow . '' 
 `` do n't look into it , '' chase said and nudged her knee . 
 `` you 'll always be my healer girl . '' 
 `` is that what you really think about yourself ? '' 
 she heard declan ask her quietly . 
 she turned to him , finding that he was staring intently at her . 
 willow giggled awkwardly and stood up , `` oh , you know how girls can be . 
 one moment we like ourselves , the other we do n't . 
 you 've been with several other firsts , declan , you should be used to it by now . '' 
 she stretched her arms and legs . 
 `` now how far away is this inn ? 
 i do not want to sleep on the ground tonight if i can help it and it 's already getting dark . '' 
 declan was still sitting down looking shocked by her words , but chase jumped up quickly and took the opportunity to wrap an arm around her shoulder and started guiding her away from declan . 
 `` not far now , ca n't you hear the music ? '' 
 chase asked her . 
 `` um ... no , '' willow said wanting to slip away from chase 's hold , but also felt an urge to make declan jealous , so she stayed where she was . 
 `` oh , i keep forgetting you 're not a werewolf . 
 things would be soooo much easier in our relationship if you were . '' 
 `` you mean friendship , right , wolf-boy ? '' 
 `` right , '' chase smiled brightly to reveal his pearly-whites . 
 `` for now . '' 
 they traveled about another mile until suddenly , the sound of exotic music resonated in the air . 
 stepping around several close grown trees , willow finally set eyes on a large , two story cabin . 
 it looked so lonely and strange in the middle of the everwild , where no one should even consider a place to dwell . 
 several windows with dim yellow light cast shadows on the ground that stretched towards her . 
 a large wooden sign with white painted letters designated it as the neutral zone . 
 stenches of cooked meat and fresh bread billowed out of the tall chimney and willow 's mouth instantly watered . 
 to the left , a small mill wheel turned slowly bringing water into the establishment . 
 it felt warm and inviting and everything the everwild was n't . 
 chase turned to look at declan and willow . 
 `` i 'm friends with the owner ... um , sort-of . 
 just let me do the talking and maybe we 'll get a room for the night . '' 
 `` maybe ? '' 
 willow asked . 
 `` like , you are n't sure ? '' 
 `` well ... the owner 's still kinda sour about me seducing his brother 's daughter a while back ... '' `` oh great ! '' 
 declan said perturbed . 
 `` do n't worry , do n't worry , my alpha took care of it . '' 
 he started walking away , `` oh , and a word of warning , healer . 
 be careful around the people in there . 
 they may look friendly , but ... you never know . 
 it 's called a neutral zone for a reason . 
 there are no fights or quarrels . 
 everyone there is just trying to lay back and chill . 
 even if you had a vendetta against another magical race , and they were there , you leave your issues at the door or you do n't step inside . '' 
 `` nothing 's going to happen to her , '' declan came up to stand beside her . 
 `` whatever you say , lover-i mean , warlock boy , '' chase rolled his eyes and signaled for them to follow . 
 willow noticed that declan did n't hold her hand . 
 it was sad that she noticed , or even expected him to do it , but she could n't help but wish he would . 
 she needed the comfort . 
 she needed ... him . 
 they entered the inn and into a tiny room . 
 it was so tiny , that only a tall desk and two chairs were in it . 
 the smell of evergreen , wood , and apple spice filled willow 's nostrils . 
 but where were the rooms and where was that strange music coming from ? 
 an attendant behind the counter reading a book looked up and regarded them curiously . 
 he was an old , bald goblin with a long white beard and reading glasses on his round , full face . 
 his pointy nose stuck out like a beak and his small pointy ears twitched slightly . 
 he looked down over his horn-rimmed glasses at them . 
 goblins were naturally cunning and cruel , but this one actually seemed decent , perhaps because of his age . 
 still , he smiled maliciously revealing jagged , crooked yellow teeth . 
 `` may i help you ... '' he asked hoarsely and sniffed the air . 
 `` how intriguing . 
 a werewolf and two magic casters , and ... what 's this ? '' 
 the goblin narrowed his eyes at willow and she instinctively cringed into declan 's side . 
 `` over here , doc , '' chase said smiling and stepped up to the counter . 
 `` we need a room for the night . '' 
 `` just one ? '' 
 the goblin asked him curiously , and then glanced at willow again sneering . 
 `` do you share her ? '' 
 declan open his mouth to protest when someone said , `` that ca n't be right . 
 chase hawthorne does n't share anything , now does he ? '' 
 a man stepped out of a hidden door behind the goblin . 
 willow did n't even know it was there it looked exactly like the walls . 
 the sound of music suddenly increased but then muffled again when the door closed . 
 the person who stepped out was an older man . 
 he was tall and thin with sandy colored shoulder length hair and green eyes . 
 he was n't human , warlock or werewolf , but willow gulped when she saw his pointed ears . 
 was he a fairy ? 
 he crossed his arms and his lips were set in a thin line as he looked at chase with utter hatred . 
 declan leaned over and whispered in her ear . 
 `` elf . '' 
 willow actually exhaled slightly , but she was still on edge , making sure the side of her body was brushing against declan 's . 
 `` heyyyy alex , my man , '' chase said coolly . 
 `` how 's elirana doing ? '' 
 the man narrowed his eyes even more at chase . 
 `` fine now that her memory of you has been wiped out of her head . '' 
 `` ouch , '' chase said faking hurt by holding his hand over his heart , `` so she probably would n't remember saying my name ... over and over and over again . '' 
 `` what the hell , werewolf ? '' 
 declan said coming up beside him . 
 just then , the man behind the counter noticed declan and willow . 
 `` huh ... magic casters , '' alex said and turned to chase . 
 `` so this is who you 're running around with now ? 
 a little too classy for you chase , do n't you think ? 
 is he your slave or something like that ? '' 
 he asked declan . 
 declan smiled and nearly laughed . 
 `` something like that . '' 
 `` puh-lease , '' chase snorted . 
 `` listen a , we 're in desperate need of showers , food and company , so ... can you find it in your heart to help us out ? '' 
 alex glanced between chase and declan , and then looked past them at willow . 
 his green eyes sparkled extraordinarily at her , and once again , willow felt vulnerable under their strange stares . 
 `` one room for three people ? '' 
 alex shook his head at the same time the goblin did . 
 `` no , no , no . 
 i do n't think so . 
 each room is only built for two . 
 so that means you 'll be buying two rooms for the evening . '' 
 `` what 's the rate ? '' 
 declan asked taking the backpack off to search for something . 
 `` 10 silver pieces -- '' `` what ! '' 
 declan snapped back at alex. `` that 's -- '' `` for each room , '' alex emphasized . 
 `` but for you guys , twenty pieces . 
 each . '' 
 declan turned on chase . 
 `` i will skin you alive and hang your pelt on my floor so that everybody will walk on it and get it really really dirty . '' 
 alex laughed heartily . 
 the goblin beside him also chuckled and coughed . 
 `` i like you ! 
 hey for you and lady , i 'll make it fifteen silver pieces . '' 
 he turned on chase , `` still the same for you , dog . 
 go ahead tiny , give ` em their room keys and let ` em have their-rest -- but only for tonight . '' 
 alex walked back through the door laughing . 
 he had cheated them and all because they were with chase . 
 willow was starting to learn very quickly that chase was a trouble-maker to the core . 
 declan paid the goblin , who gave him two silver keys . 
 he gestured to the door behind them and they walked through the threshold and into the neutral zone . 
 instantly , willow was wrapped up in the hypnotic beat of the music pumping through the speakers . 
 there was a wooden dance floor to the left with several characters dancing slowly and twisted against each other . 
 there were plush couches and chairs and booths in the center with low hanging red lights . 
 a bar and grill was to the right , where a bar tender and cook were making the delicious food and drinks . 
 `` okay , guys , '' chase called to them over the music . 
 `` i 'm gon na grab some grub and do some socializing . 
 if you 're as tired as you say , you can just go upstairs to the rooms and have fun . '' 
 chase pointed to a set of stairs past the dance floor that led to the upper floor . 
 there was a railing that went all around the second floor wrapping the perimeter of the cabin . 
 past the railing , she could see the doors where the rooms were . 
 it was all an open squared area and several people were leaning against the railing to look down on the dance floor and the scenes below them , watching the onlookers with whispered words and stolen glances . 
 willow shuddered as several people turned curiously her way . 
 she really hated the fact that she was a natural attractant . 
 chase left them to go talk to the cook . 
 surprising her , declan wrapped a protective hand around her waist and pulled her into his side possessively . 
 in her ear , he said , `` i 'm going to get us some drinks and food over there . 
 do you think you 'll be okay ? 
 it 'll only be for a minute . '' 
 willow nodded and suddenly felt empty when declan released her . 
 heart soaring from declan 's touch , she made her way over to a vacant couch . 
 she sat down on the velvety , plush couch , sinking into the soft cushions . 
 she looked around nervously . 
 her eyes were drawn to the people on the dance floor . 
 they rubbed and gyrated against each other in a very sexual way . 
 it was disgusting , but she was mesmerized and somehow could n't look away . 
 she noticed several shorter men sitting at the bar . 
 they were obviously dwarves with their strange hats and long beards . 
 they looked her way and then whispered . 
 willow shrank back in her seat . 
 a slight breeze alerted her to a presence very close by . 
 she turned to see that where no one had been before , a very handsome vampire sat next to her . 
 their hips were practically touching , and she regarded him warily . 
 this was the first time she 's ever seen a vampire up close , but she 's heard of their ferocity and , she swallowed as her throat went dry ... their constant blood thirst . 
 the vampire was young , pale , and extremely attractive . 
 he had short blonde hair that was close cropped on his head , and high cheekbones . 
 he had bright blue eyes that dilated slightly when they met hers , and lips that could send her to heaven and back . 
 she focused on them . 
 she could n't help it . 
 oh , those lips . 
 she could do damage to those full , powerful , yummy lips . 
 willow tried shaking herself out of her stupor . 
 what was she thinking ? 
 this was a vampire ! 
 here she was , unable to stop thinking about how attractive he was . 
 somehow , she could n't take her eyes off him . 
 it was like she was staring at an angel descended from above . 
 the vampire looked at her with interest and then smiled , revealing sharp canines protruding from his mouth , reminding willow of what he was and filling her with dread and something else that shocked her ... desire . 
 she looked for declan and chase in the crowd . 
 declan was at the bar , waiting on drinks . 
 his back was turned from her , but a group of women were huddled around him , trying to get his attention . 
 she seriously underestimated declan 's sex appeal as several of them were extremely beautiful dryads and nymphs . 
 they touched and drooled over declan like chase drooled over other werewolf females that had surrounded him . 
 chase laughed and tugged on one of the girl 's hair playfully . 
 willow rolled her eyes . 
 he was such a flirt ! 
 she turned her attention back on declan . 
 he was now smiling and talking to the girls and a wave of hurt and jealousy washed over her . 
 declan never flirted with her . 
 the vampire watched willow watching declan and then turned to her . 
 `` feeling lonely , love ? '' 
 he asked in what she thought was an irish accent . 
 willow shifted uncomfortably in her seat . 
 was it that obvious ? 
 suddenly , she felt soft fingers brush the hair off her shoulders . 
 willow 's pulse sped up as his fingers traced her ear , stopping on her earlobe and dangling the earrings she still had on and had forgotten about . 
 willow turned to face the vampire and her breath hitched . 
 their faces were close , closer than she thought . 
 if she went even an inch closer , their mouths would touch . 
 in some weird , bizarre way , she wanted to close the distance and feel those smooth lips upon hers . 
 forget declan . 
 he was a nobody compared to this dazzling creature . 
 knowing this , the vampire smiled again and licked his lips , making them shine . 
 his pupils dilated and willow felt an overwhelming urge to kiss him . 
 `` i like these , '' the vampire 's entrancing voice said dangling her earrings again . 
 his fingers then proceeded to trace her jaw line , ending up stopping on her neck where the pulse was strongest . 
 willow inhaled sharply . 
 she wanted to kiss him . 
 she wanted it so bad that she could n't breathe . 
 her pulse jumped as the vampire turned her head slightly , still smiling with his pointy teeth . 
 without meaning to , willow felt her hand come up and rub his teeth , ending at the point . 
 the vampire smiled even wider , opening his mouth for her . 
 his teeth were smooth and the point was sharper than any blade . 
 `` ouch , '' she half whispered , half moaned in delight , when the vampire 's jaw clenched slightly and poked her index finger . 
 a drop of blood landed on his waiting tongue . 
 scared , willow whipped her hand back , only to feel the vampire grab her wrist , slowly bringing her hand back to his mouth . 
 he sucked on her finger and willow leaned in closer to him , allowing his warm tongue to caress , swirl , and flick all over the tip of her finger . 
 it did n't hurt like she thought , but felt incredibly intimate as he massaged her finger with his devilish tongue . 
 willow 's belly pooled with lust at such a feeling . 
 she wanted more . 
 much , much more . 
 his eyes never left her but widened as they dilated again . 
 `` you 're a witch , '' he said . 
 `` i can taste the magic in your blood . 
 mmmm , you 're so sweet . 
 sweeter than any i 've had . '' 
 willow 's head spun with desire and want . 
 she inched closer to him , bringing her other fingers into his waiting , seductive mouth . 
 she moaned again . 
 `` i ask that you not touch her , '' a distant voice said above her . 
 willow 's eyes were transfixed on the vampire 's face . 
 she thought she recognized the voice , she 'd heard it somewhere before , but she forgot the name . 
 willow did n't care . 
 she just hoped the voice would leave them alone so the vampire could continue his tantalizing sucking and massaging . 
 the vampire 's head whipped up and looked at the stranger , his eyes going wide in recognition . 
 he pulled willow 's fingers away from his mouth , to her despair . 
 `` my apologies , '' the vampire said to the stranger nervously . 
 who was this intruder that would interrupt them ? 
 willow was pissed . 
 `` i did not realize she was with you . '' 
 the vampire still held willow 's wrist in his hand and she used her other hand to caress his face , wanting the vampire 's attention again . 
 the vampire immediately tried to pry her hands off him and willow huffed at his rejection . 
 why was he rejecting her ? 
 she thought he wanted her ! 
 `` leave , '' the voice grew rough and had an edge of fury beneath it , `` now . '' 
 willow turned her head to look up at the stranger . 
 her vision was extremely blurry . 
 the boy was tall , with chestnut colored hair and the prettiest eyes she 's ever seen . 
 they were filled with anger and willow cringed back . 
 he was going to take her from the vampire . 
 no !!! 
 the vampire flew from the seat and left willow alone , her heart felt like it had ripped from her chest . 
 willow jumped up just as fast to run after him until strong arms caught her . 
 `` no , willow tree , '' the voice said in her ear . 
 willow 's face snapped back and looked at the boy holding her , her eyes now focusing on his face . 
 it was declan ! 
 he was here ! 
 willow was overwhelmed with joy and happiness , -lrb- for some strange reason -rrb- . 
 she wrapped her arms around his waist and pulled him closer to her , their bodies collided against each other and declan 's breathing increased . 
 his eyebrows furrowed in confusion . 
 `` oh , declan , '' willow sighed in pleasure . 
 `` where have you been ? 
 i 've missed you . 
 so , so much . '' 
 `` willow ... um , are you okay ? '' 
 declan 's voice was hoarse , but his arms came around her . 
 willow rested her head against his chest , loving to hear his strong heartbeat as he held her . 
 `` did that vampire put you in a trance ? '' 
 she squeezed him harder . 
 he was so lean and tall and beautiful , willow did n't want to let go . 
 `` of course not , silly , '' willow said turning her face to gaze into his eyes . 
 `` now kiss me , '' she demanded . 
 `` what ? '' 
 declan asked shocked . 
 `` kiss me . 
 i want you too , '' willow prompted and looked to the girls at the bar . 
 `` not them . 
 they do n't want you like i want you . '' 
 she angled her face closer to declan , but he pulled back . 
 `` willow , i think you 're confused . 
 come on . 
 let 's go up to the room . '' 
 `` yes , '' she sighed . 
 `` we can be alone , away from those bitches . 
 together . 
 forever . 
 just the way i want it to be . '' 
 declan shook his head and grabbed the food and two drinks he had on the table in one hand , and then took willow 's hand in his other . 
 quickly , he pulled her past everyone in the neutral zone , gliding past curious onlookers and past the dance floor , up the stairs and down the hallway . 
 their room was in one of the corners . 
 he quickly opened it and shoved willow in the room , closing the door behind him . 
 a light flipped on . 
 there was one large bed in the middle of the small room , two side tables with lamps on them . 
 a small bathroom was towards the back . 
 that bed was so inviting and warm with a quilt and several comfortable looking pillows . 
 willow had n't slept in a bed in days ! 
 but there were more pressing matters . 
 declan . 
 she turned to him and watched as he placed the backpack on the ground . 
 noticing her watching him , declan straightened stiffly and went towards the bathroom . 
 the sound of running water followed his disappearance . 
 willow followed him and stood in the doorway of the bathroom . 
 declan had his shirt off already and was washing his face and looking at himself in the mirror . 
 declan with his shirt off was an amazing sight . 
 willow watched in wonder at how his muscles moved when he did , the defined biceps that made his shoulders look so broad . 
 slowly , a tear streaked down her face . 
 he turned to her . 
 `` what is it , willow ? '' 
 quietly , but knowing he heard her , willow asked him the question that had been burning in her mind for a while . 
 `` why do n't you want me the way i want you ? '' 
 `` the way you -- '' declan stopped himself and turned his full front to her , willow instinctively looked at his abs . 
 `` what do you mean , willow ? '' 
 her head spun with lust and desire , but she was completely coherent . 
 the effects of the vampire 's charms were slowly wearing away , but this was n't a trance . 
 this was something more . 
 willow realized she never wanted any other warlock the way she wanted declan . 
 `` dec , i know we 're from two different families . 
 you 're the son of the most powerful warlock imaginable and i 'm just a first degree witch with strange healing powers . 
 i get it that i have no claim on you , okay ? 
 but hell if my heart is telling me any different , declan . '' 
 she sighed and then went for it . 
 `` i ca n't stop thinking about you . 
 when you 're near , all i think about is you . 
 i should be focused on my task and finding my talisman but it 's so hard because you 're here with me . 
 i like it when you hold my hand , and even when you take control of a situation no matter how much i protest and fight you . 
 i like how you defended me from chase when he was too flirty and pushy . 
 not to mention you 're so freaking good-looking that i can barely take my eyes off you half the time ! '' 
 `` stop , '' declan said coming up to her and cupping her face with his hands . 
 she did n't realize that more tears had fallen from her eyes as she felt him wiping them away with his thumbs . 
 `` what did the vampire do to you ? 
 be very specific . '' 
 `` ugh , '' she tore her face away from his hands and stormed back in the main bedroom . 
 declan followed closely behind . 
 `` he did n't do anything to me declan , '' willow said harshly . 
 `` i 'm not in a trance like you think i am . '' 
 `` you 're thinking is lustful , '' he shrugged . 
 more tears fell down her cheeks . 
 `` my thinking is lustful !!?? lustful ! 
 my thinking is perfectly fine , dec ! 
 i 'm telling you the truth ! 
 this is me ! 
 this is real ! 
 why do n't you believe me ? '' 
 declan ran a hand through his hair looking uncomfortable , `` how can i , willow ? 
 you always push me away ! 
 we argue and fight all the time . 
 you never gave me any sign that you liked me . 
 you 've never told me any of this before ! 
 what am i supposed to think ? '' 
 `` it 's just because i 'm scared you do n't want me back , '' willow whined , desperate for him to believe her . 
 `` i thought you hated me , '' declan revealed . 
 `` only because you act like a completely different person around your friends , and you used to make fun of me all the time . 
 i just want to know what i 've done to you . 
 i want to know why you do n't want me back ! '' 
 `` of course i want you , willow ! '' 
 declan burst out finally and turned away . 
 when he looked back at her , his face was solemn . 
 `` but i know this is n't real . 
 you are n't going to remember anything about tonight . 
 you 're in a trance , willow . '' 
 `` no , i 'm not ! '' 
 she screamed . 
 `` please , declan . 
 please believe that i want you . '' 
 she came up to him and wrapped her arms around him , hoping he 'd melt against her . 
 he did just the opposite . 
 declan stiffened against her body and pried her arms away . 
 `` please do n't let me go , '' she begged . 
 `` i 'm sorry , willow , '' declan said . 
 `` you do n't know how much i want this to be real ... to be true . '' 
 `` it is , '' she whispered and closed her eyes and said with absolute truth . 
 `` it is . '' 
 declan guided willow to the bed and tucked her beneath the covers . 
 willow 's head spun with dizziness , and her tears dampened the pillow . 
 she heard declan scrounging around and then he flicked the light off . 
 the bed dipped when declan sat on it . 
 suddenly , she felt declan 's arm wrap around her and pull her against his chest , spooning her . 
 his body curled around hers like it was made to do it . 
 she fit him like a glove . 
 willow sighed in pleasure when declan began messing with her hair . 
 he ran his fingers through it and down the length of it , massaging her scalp . 
 it felt so good . 
 more tears dripped down her face . 
 `` sleep now , willow tree . 
 you 're safe . '' 
 declan whispered to her . 
 she felt herself drifting quickly , but she longed to stay awake to savor this moment and burn it in her memory . 
 `` our journey will be over soon . '' 
 `` declan , '' willow said thickly through her tears . 
 his words were hurting her more than he knew . 
 it was like he was saying good-bye to her , like he knew they did n't belong together , just as she knew it . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` just hold me . 
 do n't let me go ... '' she pleaded groggily . 
 `` never , '' he whispered in her ear . 
 in the darkness of the bedroom , in a cabin in the middle of the dangerous everwild , willow felt safe in declan 's arms . 
 for tonight , she imagined that he wanted her as much as she wanted him . 
 he held her close , and she took comfort in his embrace . 
 but willow cried harder when she realized that tonight was all she would ever have . 
 chapter 10 the crystal cave the next morning at breakfast , willow sat across from declan . 
 they did n't talk . 
 they did n't look at each other . 
 last night was awkward enough for both of them . 
 willow was upset after she realized she went to bed with an empty stomach , so she did n't feel guilty about indulging in a full stack of chocolate chip pancakes , bacon , eggs , and toast . 
 willow topped off the delicious meal with a large glass of orange juice . 
 when she finally stopped eating , she felt energized . 
 she jealously eyed the remainder of the food , wishing her stomach was bigger so she could eat more . 
 the neutral zone was quiet this morning , only a few people were in the lounge or at the bar . 
 it was a lot emptier than last night . 
 chase came down the stairs in brand new jeans and a snug dark gray t-shirt . 
 his black hair was still damp from a recent shower , and was pushed back away from his pretty face . 
 the intoxicating smell of cologne reached her nose . 
 he cleaned up very well . 
 willow and declan had already showered and cleaned up for the day . 
 being in the same room this morning was really uncomfortable for her , but once she jumped in the shower , her worries and fears all drowned in the hot water . 
 chase had bartered for new clothes for them , -lrb- willow did n't even wan na know how -rrb- , and so she had a fresh pair of jeans and a plain , but flattering white t-shirt . 
 declan was dressed in faded designer jeans and a rich brown polo shirt . 
 he had shaved and put on cologne as well looking every bit the pretty boy warlock he was . 
 `` morning , '' chase said and stretched lazily in front of them before sitting down to dive into the food . 
 chase looked up after a while and regarded willow and declan curiously . 
 with a mouth full of food he asked , `` interesting night ? '' 
 `` do n't wan na talk about it , '' declan said gruffly and picked around his eggs with a fork . 
 `` oh , so she snubbed you , huh ? '' 
 chase said and winked at willow . 
 `` that 's my girl . '' 
 declan ignored him , which was odd . 
 willow expected some kind of smart remark to chase 's comment . 
 chase shrugged and went back to eating like the world was ending tomorrow , scarfing food down and making weird `` mmm '' noises . 
 declan 's mood really bothered willow . 
 last night , lying in his arms , she had fully accepted and admitted to herself that she was in love with declan . 
 no other person stayed in her thoughts like he did , no other person made her infuriated and cared for all at the same time , and no other person gave her butterflies or made her want to stare at him all day `` just because '' . 
 but one thing declan said to her last night stuck in her thoughts : declan wanted her . 
 oh , he could deny it all he wanted now , but willow remembered every single detail of last night . 
 how she pleaded with him to kiss her and how declan admitted he wanted her but did n't think her reactions were genuine . 
 declan was still oblivious to the fact that it was n't an act . 
 willow really did want to kiss him , hold him , and be with him . 
 the trance the vampire put her in was not at full strength last night . 
 she was completely coherent , which made her even more embarrassed . 
 acting dumb and playing along with declan 's crazy idea that she was under some sort of lovesick desperate trance , willow decided to shelter her feelings about him until he admitted his feelings for her . 
 call her stubborn , but she wanted him to be the one to make the first move . 
 he always approached other female firsts , so she figured she would just bid her time and wait . 
 she looked over at declan and quietly asked , `` are you okay , declan ? '' 
 he quickly looked up at her and then at chase . 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 `` did i say something last night ? '' 
 she prompted , hinting at him to explain everything to her . 
 `` i said i 'm fine , willow , okay ? '' 
 `` okay , '' she said and looked down . 
 suddenly , her half eaten plate of food made her sick to her stomach . 
 okay , so what was his problem ? 
 was he really beating himself up about last night , or was he just trying to forget it ever happened ? 
 why wo n't he tell her what was upsetting him so much ? 
 why wo n't he just talk to her about it ? 
 chase jerked his head up . 
 `` do you guys smell that ? '' 
 he practically hissed at them . 
 chase took a big sniff of the air and then his eyes bugged out of his head . 
 `` fairy . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 willow said looking around quickly . 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` oh , shit , i 'm in trouble ! '' 
 chase said panicking and jumped up from the seat . 
 the wooden chair scratched against the floor and toppled over . 
 `` we have to get out of here ! 
 now ! '' 
 before they had time to react , the neutral zones ' doors burst open and filled with fey hunters with bows and arrows . 
 everybody in the inn dispersed and took off running at the sight of the hunters . 
 at least a dozen or more fey jumped and flipped over the furniture like ninjas . 
 `` he 's over there ! '' 
 alex 's voice carried through the crowd . 
 `` traitor ! '' 
 chase bellowed and made for the back exit . 
 `` come on guys , move ! '' 
 the sound of a whirring arrow zinged past willow and hit chase on his calf . 
 he screamed in pain and fell to his stomach but did n't waste any time yanking the arrow out and scurrying to his feet . 
 willow and declan were close on his heels . 
 the door was just within touching distance when a whip snapped out and wrapped around chase 's neck pulling him away from the door . 
 chase roared at the restraint and turned feral . 
 his eyes glowed blue and his teeth extended . 
 he was going to shift ! 
 `` oh , i do n't think so , wolf , '' a smooth , calm voice behind them stopped their retreat . 
 chase whipped around and blocked willow and chase with his body . 
 his arms were stretched out and he was crouching in defense mode . 
 a very tall fairy warrior approached them . 
 he had long , shiny silver hair that matched his silver eyes and a hawk-like nose . 
 he was wearing a long green tunic and knee high black boots . 
 his bowstring was slung over his lean abdomen . 
 the fairy held the whip in his left hand and smirked proudly at his capture . 
 `` as you probably realize by now , this whip prevents you changing . 
 not that it would do you any good against us , '' the warrior said gesturing to the hunters . 
 the other hunters snickered and tucked their bows away , knowing their prey would n't give up much of a fight . 
 chase 's eyes stopped glowing as he watched the fairy warrior . 
 he stood up straight and crossed his arms , making his biceps pop out . 
 `` i 've missed you , eeydyn . 
 how 's your queen doing ? '' 
 eeydyn narrowed his eyes on chase and flicked his wrist . 
 the whip around his neck tightened and chase uttered a low , guttural growl . 
 the elf , alex , stepped up next to eeydyn extending his hand . 
 eeydyn dropped a black bag in it . 
 `` as promised , '' eeydyn said dryly . 
 alex smiled and jingled the moneybag . 
 `` no hard feelings , chase , really , '' alex said shrugging . 
 `` but you 're just a puppy who needs to learn their lesson . 
 here 's lesson number one : karma 's a bitch . 
 what goes around comes around . 
 and i 'll be seeing you around , '' alex said turning to leave and then regarded the looks of hatred on the fairy hunters ' faces , `` ... or maybe i wo n't . '' 
 he left the main area laughing . 
 `` i 'm gon na kill that son-of-a-no-good-elf-carcass with my bare hands , '' chase growled and fisted his hands . 
 `` unlikely , '' eeydyn snorted , turning their attention back on him , `` since you 're now in our custody . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 chase said baffled . 
 `` i 've done no crimes against your people ! '' 
 `` you call stealing the scepter of queen eclipsia not a crime ? '' 
 eeydyn asked curiously . 
 `` it was a harmless prank ! '' 
 chase roared , `` and i returned it ! 
 diazinon and grissom agreed on a truce ! 
 how dare you fall back on my alpha 's treaty with you ! '' 
 if he was in wolf form right now , his hackles would be up and he would be pacing and readying himself for attack . 
 eeydyn seemed to sense this and lifted a corner of his eyebrow like he was intrigued , but not intimidated by the werewolf 's outburst . 
 willow was literally shaking in fear behind him . 
 declan 's fingers sizzled by his side . 
 she knew he was calling upon his magic . 
 but what could he do against beings that were the epitome of the word ? 
 he was n't even half as powerful as the fey before her . 
 she looked at him and shook her head slightly . 
 declan frowned . 
 `` i 'm sorry to break it to you , but the truce was broken , '' eeydyn said . 
 `` in what way ? '' 
 chase demanded . 
 `` the truce clearly acknowledges that if any werewolf breaches our boundaries , we have the right to imprison and detain that wolf without cause . '' 
 chase went still as a stone as eeydyn lowered his voice menacingly . 
 `` were you not just recently ensnared in one of our traps ? '' 
 `` i knew i smelled fairy scum there . 
 but that was n't your territory ! '' 
 chase bellowed angrily . 
 `` it seems as though your alpha forgot to inform you that the treaty also expanded some of our domain . '' 
 `` that 's not fair ! '' 
 chase whined and walked up to eeydyn . 
 he got within a few feet when an invisible barrier blocked him and pushed him away from the fairy . 
 `` it matters not that your alpha neglected to do his duty and tell you , '' eeydyn said , his eyes flashing dangerously . 
 `` but you will come with us . 
 in the name of diazinon , fairy king of the everwild , we take chase hawthorne of the whiteclaw pack to stand trial for trespassing on fairy ground . '' 
 chase cleared his throat . 
 `` yeah ... um , that sounds very official and all , but here 's the part where i call upon my pack . 
 i think it 's called the right to an attorney , or something like that . '' 
 `` that , wolf , is a human ritual , '' eeydyn spit out . 
 as chase and eeydyn were talking and battling it out , willow felt declan 's arm run down her forearm and grip her hand . 
 she felt a zing of his magic shoot up her arm and she looked at him alarmed , on edge from the fey hunters , and completely terrified . 
 he was charging his magic . 
 declan looked at her intently and then began backing up towards the exit . 
 they were literally one foot away from escaping . 
 declan put his left hand on the door to push it open , but it did n't move ! 
 willow looked at declan desperately . 
 from her right , two fairy hunters attacked her , ripping her away from declan . 
 willow screamed and struggled against them , but seconds later , she was restrained . 
 a green flash from the corner of her eyes caught her attention and she saw that declan was using his defensive magic against the hunters . 
 declan whipped his arm out at an attacker and sent a shock of magic out of his palm that sent the hunter flying backwards in the air . 
 he collided with the bar and landed on the floor knocking over the stools . 
 but another hunter came up behind him and snatched his arms behind his back , quickly tying his hands with silver twine-the fairy form of spidery silk that is indestructible and completely inescapable . 
 it hindered any creature from using magic . 
 five fey hunters surrounded declan and aimed for him with their bows . 
 the strings were taut and if declan made a move , he would be done for without questioning . 
 willow knew better than to fight the fey hunters . 
 this particular group seemed ruthless and cunning . 
 they were apparently tracking chase since she saved him two days ago . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 chase declared in rage after the excitement of the fight died down . 
 `` you 're business is with me ! 
 not with them ! '' 
 `` on the contrary , '' eeydyn said , casually wrapping the whip around his hand . 
 declan 's sudden burst of energy did not daunt him in the least . 
 `` we also have means to bring the healer . '' 
 willow 's head shot towards the fairy in shock . 
 her ? 
 chase growled deeply . 
 `` no . '' 
 eeydyn just smiled . 
 `` you speak as if it would make a difference . 
 however , the healer released you from our trap and used her powers to heal you . 
 no one comes between the fey and their prey . 
 she broke the law by saving you . '' 
 `` what ! 
 you have no right ! '' 
 willow struggled against the fairy holding her . 
 he tightened his grip on her arms in a warning . 
 eeydyn sighed . 
 `` honestly , healer , do n't you know the laws of fairy ? 
 have n't you learned about us in your training ? 
 apparently not , but we can not overlook your lackadaisical teachings . 
 besides , king diazinon has business with you . '' 
 turning to the fey holding declan , eeydyn said , `` release him . 
 he 's just a juvenile warlock who thinks he can best us . 
 huh ! 
 we have no use of him . '' 
 eeydyn turned to leave until declan roared , `` no ! '' 
 the fairy stiffened and then turned back around . 
 declan had gained his attention . 
 `` where she goes , i go ! '' 
 declan looked at willow and back at eeydyn whose eyebrows shot up . 
 `` very well , warlock , '' he agreed easily . 
 `` nobody here will stop you , right brothers ? '' 
 the other fairy 's had unsettling smiles on their faces at declan 's persistence of going with them . 
 willow was relieved , but also afraid for him . 
 she wanted him to escape . 
 better they take her , than him . 
 as they walked out of the neutral zone and gathered together around a patch of grass , willow found declan surrounded by fey hunters with his hands still tied behind his back . 
 he looked her way and nodded his head . 
 more hunters were out here milling about . 
 they looked her way and smiled . 
 they were beautiful creatures , but also very deadly . 
 tears swelled in her eyes . 
 she never expected to be captured on this journey , especially by fey . 
 there was no escaping them once they caught you . 
 despair lodged in her throat . 
 how was she going to find her talisman now ? 
 the fey hunters did n't put silver twine around willow , but they still stood idly by just in case she was to take off . 
 there were at least two dozen hunters out here . 
 `` it 'll be okay , '' she heard declan say softly . 
 `` i 'll be here with you . '' 
 trying to be strong , willow refused to let the tears in her eyes fall . 
 her voice was unstable when she responded . 
 `` you should go , dec. . 
 they do n't want you . '' 
 `` you 're not doing this alone , willow , '' declan said defiantly , his eyes blazing . 
 `` i 'm with you . 
 i 'm not leaving . '' 
 `` how gallant of you , '' a fairy hunter mocked him and pushed him away from willow . 
 a small squeak escaped her . 
 eeydyn came up to willow . 
 `` have you ever flown before ? '' 
 `` all the time . 
 i 'm a witch , '' she said snidely and crossed her arms . 
 eeydyn laughed . 
 `` i mean , have you ever flown by fairy powder ? '' 
 `` since this is the first time i 've been around fey , i 'll say that 's a big no , '' willow said flatly . 
 the fairy smiled , but it did n't reach his eyes . 
 `` there 's much for you to learn about us , then , is n't there ? 
 perhaps i might be able to teach you ... '' eeydyn said suggestively . 
 he came up to her and with his pale hand , brushed the spirals away from her neck . 
 willow recoiled at shied away at his cold touch . 
 `` do n't touch her ! '' 
 declan erupted in rage behind them . 
 willow watched eeydyn 's smile widen before turning to declan . 
 `` king diazinon waits . 
 we go . '' 
 the fey warriors disappeared right in front of willow . 
 the ones holding chase vanished before her , leaving only those that were with declan and then eeydyn and willow . 
 `` you know what to do with that one , '' eeydyn instructed . 
 `` i 'll stay with the healer . '' 
 before declan could say anything in response , the fey disappeared into thin air with the man she secretly loved . 
 willow turned a furious gaze on eeydyn . 
 he stood with his arms crossed and a malicious grin on his too perfect face . 
 `` that one 's very protective of you , is n't he ? 
 but then , you are a great prize for anyone to treasure . 
 grab my arm willow rose , my king is very anxious to meet you . '' 
 heart beating out of her chest , she took a hold of eeydyn 's forearm . 
 in his other , he produced a fine white powder with flecks of gold in it . 
 `` fairy powder , '' eeydyn explained . 
 `` you may feel a little dizzy after we transport , but that 's normal i guess . 
 it 's a far better method of traveling than just enchanted brooms . '' 
 he spit out in a degrading way . 
 `` just do it already , '' willow snapped . 
 `` we all know how you fey like to make a big show of everything , '' she added , just as degrading as he was . 
 eeydyn 's silver eyes flashed dangerously and then he threw the powder down at their feet . 
 instantly , willow was wrapped in a spinning current of wind . 
 her stomach plummeted and she slammed her eyes shut they were spinning so rapidly . 
 her head still spun with the movement , and then bam ! 
 her feet landed on solid ground . 
 willow hesitated opening her eyes , but when she finally did , shock consumed her . 
 she was standing on a dark , wet rock a few feet away from a massive waterfall . 
 the waterfall roared and fell in constant streams downward to the start of the river , where white foam and spray churned and flowed . 
 the mist hit willow 's face as she took in the beauty of the falls . 
 the waterfall was nearly 1500 feet wide and absolutely breathtaking . 
 `` come , '' eeydyn said and traveled down the rocks straight to the waterfall . 
 willow followed and gasped when eeydyn waved his hands and the waterfall parted before her eyes . 
 beyond that was darkness . 
 willow gulped and followed the fairy warrior through the waterfall . 
 the beauty of the waterfall was nothing compared to what she now saw . 
 purple crystals were glowing everywhere , lighting up the darkness of the cave . 
 willow 's heart soared . 
 they were here ! 
 this was the crystal cave ! 
 she wanted to stand in awe of the crystals , but could n't as eeydyn called to her down the narrow path . 
 willow still looked around in amazement as she walked . 
 the cave was tall and the sound of the waterfall echoed in here . 
 the waterfall was so powerful that the crystals shivered and rocked back in forth from the vibration force . 
 there were different shades of purple to the crystals ' luster , but they all shone with glistening beauty tucked away between the rocks of the cave . 
 they hung in clusters on the ceiling and stretched out towards her on the walls . 
 there were even some smaller ones on the floor of the cave poking out like flowers in the ground . 
 they were magical and very entrancing . 
 willow followed the fairy down the small path of the cave and then was wrapped in sunlight . 
 it took a moment for her eyes to adjust , but willow soon realized that this cave was not a cave at all . 
 it was the beginning of the fairy domain , where all fey of the everwild lived . 
 the cave opened up to a massive world . 
 in the center , a glistening castle made of ruby and gold stood tall and proud . 
 the sun shone down on the rolling land with lush green hills , meadows , and lakes . 
 willow had entered a whole other realm , an enchanted kingdom . 
 she followed eeydyn down a cobbled stone path and marveled at the beauty surrounding her . 
 flowers larger than life bloomed and swayed in a quiet breeze . 
 there were so many different colored plants that painted the land . 
 soft music played in the streets . 
 quaint but intricate houses were built both on the ground and in the trees . 
 the tall trees were nothing like those of the everwild . 
 they were thick around with houses and bridges expanding from tree to tree . 
 several fey were doing their daily duties . 
 a gorgeous group of fairy women bearing round baskets of fruit looked her way and then gossiped to each other . 
 eeydyn led her straight to the castle that was bigger than a mountain . 
 the fairy guards instantly let them pass through the golden gate . 
 she was led through the courtyard that had statues and beautiful garland flowers . 
 when they came to the door , willow 's heart accelerated . 
 eeydyn turned to her and smiled cockily . 
 `` welcome to the fey kingdom , healer . 
 respect us , and we 'll respect you . '' 
 willow snorted . 
 `` so what you did to chase was respect ? 
 he did n't know it was your territory and you took him prisoner anyway . '' 
 eeydyn looked at her sharply . 
 `` i 'm a hunter , healer . 
 i follow rules . 
 i do n't make them . 
 i enforce them . '' 
 `` whatever , '' willow said under her breath when eeydyn opened the massive oak doors to the palace . 
 eeydyn heard her and looked down , but did n't say anything as he led willow straight into the lion 's den , better known as the great hall . 
 a hubbub of bustling activity encompassed her . 
 the great hall was done in white marble , with pillars leading to two thrones near the back of the room . 
 fairies danced in their gossamer silk gowns as sweet music filled the halls . 
 fairies were playing lyres and harps , violins and horns , creating a soothing sound . 
 there were two massive cheetahs sauntering around and several deer were laying down on at least a dozen piles of pillows that had been laid out for them and some of the lazier fey of the court . 
 drapes of the finest silks and fabric hung between the pillars . 
 eeydyn walked quickly down the hall and approached two figures on the thrones . 
 he kneeled and bowed his head . 
 `` king diazinon , queen eclipsia , lord and lady of fey , i present to you willow rose , the witch healer of southwick . '' 
 eeydyn stood and stepped out of the way , and willow set eyes on the king and queen of the fairy race . 
 willow first looked upon queen eclipsia . 
 she was bedazzled in fire jewels and seemed to be drowning in her puffy red dress . 
 her blonde hair cascaded down from the expansive golden tiara sitting on top of her head . 
 her radiant hair was tucked behind her pointy ears . 
 willow observed her facial expression and the way her lips were drawn in a tight line . 
 she seemed edgy and nervous with her back straightly erected against the throne . 
 despite her perfect posture and restlessness , she was young and beautiful . 
 king diazinon , however , was her complete opposite . 
 he was rough looking with thick shoulder length black hair , a chiseled jaw , and was large , larger than any man . 
 he made the throne he was sitting upon look small . 
 his crown had several pointy metal spires sticking from it making his face seem more elongated . 
 he was graceful , but looked upon willow with shining black eyes . 
 there was no iris to his eyes , no color whatsoever . 
 just black . 
 the paleness of the king against his black features made him look sinister and dark . 
 his ears were pointier than any fey she had seen thus far . 
 the next thing she saw threw willow for a complete loop . 
 the king was holding a leash . 
 attached to that leash was large black wolf with blue eyes . 
 he looked intently upon her and then on diazinon and growled low . 
 there was no doubt about it . 
 that was chase ! 
 then , she instantly thought of declan . 
 where was he ? 
 a tug of panic swelled inside her . 
 what did they do to him ? 
 why was n't he here too ? 
 the king addressed her first . 
 `` welcome to my court , willow rose . '' 
 he had a deep voice that hinted false motives . 
 willow was impressed , but really did n't care . 
 according to eeydyn , she was being accused of trespassing and aiding a criminal , who had also become a really good friend . 
 `` how do you like my kingdom so far ? '' 
 `` it 's okay , '' willow said looking around -lrb- but was really adamantly searching for declan -rrb- . 
 the king laughed strongly at her . 
 `` okay ? 
 just okay , little one ? 
 did you hear that , my love ? '' 
 he turned to eclipsia . 
 `` the little witchling thinks our kingdom is okay . '' 
 queen eclipsia looked down coldly upon willow . 
 `` why ask her opinion ? 
 her looks say it all . 
 she obviously knows nothing of beauty . '' 
 a spike of pain hit willow at that comment . 
 willow was always self-conscious about her looks , and by the smirk that was now on eclipsia 's face , she knew she had hit a nerve . 
 willow always considered her average looking with her strange colored auburn curls and brown eyes . 
 her nose was straight , but looked small when compared to her fuller lips . 
 willow quickly pulled her shirt down and adjusted her hair awkwardly under the queen 's scrutiny , who quirked her mouth slightly when she received the exact reaction she was looking for . 
 willow stopped fidgeting when she realized she played right into the queen 's hand . 
 `` she 's had a long journey indeed , according to the aura surrounding her , '' diazinon agreed . 
 `` perhaps for your bracelet , my love ? '' 
 `` oh , this old thing ? '' 
 eclipsia said darkly and held out her right hand . 
 it was a thin golden bracelet latched around her wrist . 
 a small gold chain attached the bracelet to a gold ring around her middle finger . 
 willow recognized it . 
 her heart dropped to the floor . 
 it was her talisman ! 
 `` hey ! '' 
 willow protested and started walking up to the queen . 
 she ran into an invisible barrier , which stopped her attempt at getting to her talisman . 
 as if sensing she was near , the talisman glowed on the queen 's wrist . 
 she pointed to it accusingly . 
 `` that 's mine ! '' 
 `` according to hekate , '' diazinon said , `` it is my queen 's . '' 
 willow turned her hateful glare towards the king . 
 `` hekate ? '' 
 `` she came here a while back asking us to keep this particular bracelet protected . 
 for what , i asked her . 
 she simply said that one day , a witch may come searching for it and claiming it as belonging to her . 
 she said not to give it to you . 
 i asked her why , but she would not tell me . 
 i figured it out ... very easily , of course . 
 hekate is , i must admit , a very powerful being . 
 she has our deepest respect . 
 but to request the aide of fey when she can not protect this precious piece herself got me thinking . 
 what purpose should i have in protecting a magical talisman of a witch i do not know ? 
 i pondered on it and came to the conclusion that hekate had come to us out of fear . 
 hekate has no fear , except one : to lose her power . 
 this fear dwells among all those who possess a great amount power . 
 so it was simply that . 
 whatever witch possesses this talisman must be more powerful than she , '' diazinon chuckled . 
 `` later on , word reached us that a healer in a powerful witch line was born . 
 healing is a quality hekate does not have . 
 hekate desires your power , but she does not want you to be powerful . 
 and how does one stop a witch from not having all her power ? 
 but not allowing her to have a talisman , of course . '' 
 willow grumbled and watched eclipsia 's every movement with her eyes , focusing on the beautiful talisman that was hers . 
 it called to her . 
 her magic within her tingled and came to life . 
 her fingers itched to hold it . 
 she wanted it -- desperately . 
 that was hers ! 
 and once again , someone was keeping it from her . 
 she looked back at king diazinon and silently pleaded to him with her eyes to show her justice . 
 but if it was as he said , if hekate had their allegiance , she would not be given the talisman willingly from the fey . 
 `` why would you be interested in helping hekate ? '' 
 she asked with a sudden boldness . 
 `` we respect her powers , '' diazinon said deeply . 
 `` but if you say i have powers that trump hers , should you not respect me also and give me my talisman that rightfully belongs to me ? '' 
 willow reasoned . 
 `` perhaps , '' diazinon said . 
 `` but your worth to us must be proven . 
 tonight , we are having a ball . 
 you will come and get to know the fey . 
 you 're our guest after all . '' 
 eclipsia 's mouth twitched with displeasure and looked down upon the glowing talisman . 
 her attitude was really starting to anger willow . 
 her talisman was within her grasp and she could n't take it . 
 she decided right then that she hated all fey . 
 `` what of chase and my warlock ? '' 
 willow asked watching chase . 
 he looked completely defeated and in agony . 
 the king was obviously not allowing chase to shift to human form so he could speak . 
 it must be torture for him not to change forms on his own , like he was trapped within himself . 
 `` what is he to you ? '' 
 diazinon questioned and looked down upon the wolf . 
 `` a loyal friend , '' willow said without pausing . 
 `` and the warlock ? '' 
 he asked quietly . 
 `` um ... '' she paused , unsure how to answer . 
 diazinon 's eyes sparkled for a split second . 
 she ended up saying , `` he 's also a friend . '' 
 `` the warlock will be there tonight , '' diazinon decided and nodded to a couple fairies behind her . 
 they left the hall quietly . 
 `` but chase ! '' 
 willow protested , `` he did n't realize he was in your territory . 
 he did n't know the boundaries were expanded according to the truce ! 
 i did n't know curing someone in need was a problem . 
 but king diazinon , it is my nature , my calling to heal . 
 surely you would n't punish those that needed to be helped ? 
 it was simply a misunderstanding ! 
 that 's cause enough to pardon us ... please , '' she added . 
 the king regarded her with his strange black eyes , increasing his frown . 
 his eyebrows furrowed in fury . 
 `` you have not earned the right to voice an opinion such as that , but it is acknowledged . 
 it is true chase did not know he crossed our lines , but that ignorance is exactly why we need to punish him , to send a message . 
 especially to nosy , arrogant , selfish werewolves . '' 
 chase uttered a low growl and diazinon tightened the leash around his neck . 
 `` do not interfere in our ways . 
 now go , '' he nodded to someone . 
 `` kalista will take you to your room and prepare you for the evening . '' 
 `` but -- '' willow started to protest , but the king and queen had vanished . 
 a small , dainty fairy her size approached her . 
 `` follow me healer , '' she said sweetly and led her out of the great hall down another corridor . 
 this was going to be a long night . 
 chapter 11 the ball kalista led willow to a large bedroom . 
 in the middle were steaming baths and fairy women were bustling about and giggling . 
 aromas of flowers now greeted her . 
 the ceiling was high with the roof made mostly of glass so that the sun brightened the room . 
 they were barefoot and wore the same gown as kalista . 
 a harpist was playing sweet melodies in the corner . 
 `` king diazinon requests that the healer be cleaned and polished . 
 ready her for the ball , '' kalista ordered the women , who nodded and regarded willow like she looked hideous . 
 her self-consciousness crept in again . 
 all the fey here were blonde and had the perfect , slender figure flowing elegantly across the marbled floor like specters . 
 their strange pointy ears poked out of their hair . 
 she found herself marveling at their unnatural beauty once again . 
 kalista left her to the bathing room . 
 she was instructed to take off her clothes and get into the bath . 
 after protesting several times , she finally relented when they threatened to turn her into a mouse for her lack of courage . 
 willow sat in a warm bath and the women immediately surrounded her . 
 they poured scented oils in her hair , and washed her skin with lavender soap . 
 she felt exposed , allowing these strange women to see her nakedness . 
 her cheeks flared with embarrassment , but the women just laughed it off and told her not to fret . 
 they massaged her shoulders and worked out the tension in her muscles . 
 willow had to admit it felt pretty good to be pampered . 
 after the bath , she was led into another room to change , where she was placed in the most beautiful gown she ever saw . 
 it was white silk of the finest threads and had light green and gold leaves and tendrils throughout the entire length . 
 the gown flowed past her ankles to form a train and whenever she moved , the light caused it to shimmer and glow . 
 the color of the gown made her red hair pop out dramatically . 
 shockingly , the dress formed to her slender body in a way that showed the subtle hourglass shape she never thought she had . 
 the fey women played and cooed over her hair until it was done in the tightest spirals she 's ever had before . 
 they curled down to the center of her back , hiding some of the bare skin back there . 
 to top it off , a silver necklace was placed around her neck to match the gown . 
 the primping and polishing took most of the day , so by the time the fairies were done with her it was time for the ball to start . 
 willow felt beautiful on the outside , but on the inside , her nerves and worries were overwhelming her . 
 she needed her talisman , but the fairy queen possessed it . 
 how she was able to wear it in the first place was baffling . 
 emerson had told her that a witches ' talisman could not be on another magical being for too long as it would start to reject them . 
 perhaps the queen just put it on when willow arrived and took it off shortly afterwards . 
 or maybe this rule did n't apply to fairies . 
 they never played by the rules , anyways . 
 willow entered the great hall , which had transformed into a lush garden . 
 where white marble was before , thick bright green grass now filled the halls . 
 twinkling balls of lights in every color imaginable hovered in the air . 
 greenery and foliage wrapped around the pillars . 
 tall stalks of flowers soared towards the ceiling as tall as the domed roof . 
 beautiful fairy women danced in flower dresses flowing and twirling around with the sweet musical flutes that were playing . 
 willow gasped when she saw silvery centaurs standing around conversing . 
 they were the size of powerful draft horses . 
 satyrs chased the younger fairy women , and fairy knights stood idly by the halls ' windows and balconies . 
 several of the lesser fairies -lrb- or pixies -rrb- were fluttering about laughing and plotting mischief . 
 when willow walked past a free standing cherry tree , a nymph with fire red hair stepped out of the tree to go dance with the others . 
 the fairy women that brought her led her to a large table decorated in vines and oak . 
 she sat in a large oak chair and gazed upon the scene laid out before her . 
 she was in a dream . 
 it certainly felt like it . 
 willow felt like a queen in a magical realm , free of worries and all sorrow . 
 everyone around her was happy and enjoying the food , wine , and dance . 
 for a moment , she fell into the spell , but only for a moment , because as soon as she sat down , a voice behind her made her freeze . 
 `` are you enjoying yourself , healer ? '' 
 king diazinon sat down beside her , the queen next to him . 
 she was n't wearing the talisman , but was adorned in jewels once again . 
 her entire gown was made of the purple crystals from the cave . 
 `` i just arrived , '' willow said as if that explained it . 
 she turned her gaze upwards at the dark eyes of the king and shuddered . 
 as if noticing the affect she had on her , the king smirked and continued drilling his eyes on her . 
 `` perhaps a dance will loosen you up , then ? '' 
 he motioned to a fairy behind her . 
 she did n't notice who it was until he stepped in front of her and her stomach clenched . 
 it was eeydyn . 
 he was dressed in a green tunic and his silver hair was pulled back in a braid , but there was no mistaking that distant , cocky look in his sparkling silver eyes . 
 he offered his hand to willow , and she almost did n't take it . 
 she did n't want to dance with her captor ! 
 whispering in her ear , eeydyn bent down and said , `` respect . '' 
 holding her tongue -lrb- and her pride -rrb- , willow placed her hand in his and he easily guided her to the grassy dance area . 
 the fey were playing with her and it irked her nerves . 
 if she wanted her talisman , she would have to be on her best behavior tonight . 
 eeydyn put his spindly hand on her back and drew her close as the music played . 
 during the entire dance , she was being watched . 
 she turned her head to the king and queen , who were solely focused on her . 
 it scared her , their piercing gazes , judging her , inspecting her as if she was broken and needed fixing . 
 the king looked massive in his wooded throne compared to the queen , and his black eyes darkened even more upon staring at her . 
 `` eeydyn , '' willow said and looked at him . 
 he held her proudly , but when she spoke his name , he sneered . 
 `` do you know how i can get -- '' `` hold your breath , healer , '' eeydyn 's voice was low and menacing . 
 `` i know what you 're after and you wo n't find it here . 
 to get what you desire , you have to overcome a challenge . 
 that is our ways . '' 
 `` but they said if i got to know the fey tonight , then -- '' `` then they 'll hand you the one possession entrusted to them by the queen of witches ? '' 
 eeydyn hissed at her . 
 `` you do n't understand what you 're asking for . 
 you do n't understand fairies at all . 
 in order to gain a possession of value from one of the fey , you have to win a challenge set by them , in your case ... the two most powerful of our kind . 
 that is our way . 
 of course , you could steal it too , '' he chuckled darkly , `` but we all know how that ends . '' 
 willow shuddered as it brought thoughts to chase , who she found out had stolen the queen 's scepter once . 
 how could he be so foolish ? 
 she did n't see chase anywhere in the hall . 
 was he being tortured ? 
 the music ended and eeydyn had left her standing there stunned by his words . 
 a challenge ? 
 what did that mean ? 
 a dawning realization struck her like a flash of lightening . 
 the fey were known to mess with emotions and play on someone 's greatest fear . 
 they were trying to test her strength of will . 
 how far would she go to get what belonged to her ? 
 it was a game to them ... one they were not going to lose . 
 the king held all the cards in his hands . 
 willow was just a pawn in a game of wits . 
 they only have to talk about the terms of the challenge she would have to endure . 
 the ball was just a ploy to trust them , make her believe they were good , when in reality they were dark and soulless creatures , waiting for the prime moment to show their true colors . 
 well , she was not as easy to be trusting . 
 she looked at the king , who was still staring at her . 
 he lifted a wine glass to his lips and took a sip . 
 her heart quickened . 
 `` you 're beautiful . '' 
 a voice behind her said making her heart leap out of her chest and vanish all thoughts and worries out of her mind . 
 she turned quickly nearly losing her footing and wrapped declan up in the tightest hug she had ever given him . 
 tears quickly fell down her cheeks , clinging to him as if her life depended on it . 
 she needed him ! 
 he returned the hug holding her just as tight . 
 finally , she drew back to look at him . 
 `` where have you been ? '' 
 she asked shakily . 
 he was wearing a tux and was polished and cleaned just as she was . 
 but being in a room full of stunning , dazzling fairies , nothing was more beautiful to her than him . 
 he looked past her to the king and queen and his eyes narrowed in fury , but she would have none of it . 
 she took her hands and cupped his cheeks , forcing his head down to look into her eyes . 
 there was something in them that was n't right , but at least he was here . 
 he smiled at her and took her hands from his face and held them in his . 
 he looked around and led willow to the edge of the dance floor , so they could have some privacy , but wandering eyes still followed them . 
 then , he pulled her close , his body flush against hers . 
 heart pounding , willow wrapped her arms around his neck and stepped into him , slowly massaging the nape of his neck and smiling at him . 
 declan took hold of her waist . 
 she loved the feel of him , how she fit him so perfectly . 
 this time , when they danced , it felt natural . 
 willow brushed her body against declan 's willingly , and declan held her firmly as if he did n't want to let her go . 
 she felt so protected in his arms . 
 `` you 're beautiful , '' he whispered again in her ear , nearly making her heart stop . 
 she leaned her head back to stare into his eyes . 
 willow 's belly erupted in fire as she looked into his eyes that reflected the yellows and greens of their surrounding . 
 there was no denying it now . 
 she loved declan aldridge . 
 nothing felt better than being with him . 
 `` where have you been , declan ? 
 where did the fairies take you ? 
 i needed you with me and you were n't there . '' 
 `` i know , '' declan said darkly . 
 his eyes were soft on hers , though . 
 `` when they took me from you , the next thing i knew i was locked in a cell . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she hissed and looked at diazinon . 
 a new set of fears consumed her . 
 she tightened her grip on declan 's hand . 
 `` we have to escape here , dec. . 
 we 're both prisoners . 
 the queen has my talisman . 
 they wo n't give it to me . '' 
 declan stiffened against her . 
 `` fairies are dark creatures , willow . 
 hekate knew what she was doing when she gave it to them to guard . 
 they do not willingly give up what is entrusted to them . 
 they 're selfish . 
 there will be some sort of test you have to pass to get it from them . '' 
 he breathed heavily . 
 `` i do n't know what it will be , but willow ... the challenges are usually very dangerous ... and ... the fey have never lost a challenge before . '' 
 willow 's heart beat even faster at the shakiness in his voice . 
 it was like eeydyn had told her , too , but she somehow wished it was different , and that eeydyn was messing with her . 
 `` i 'm so scared , dec , '' she whimpered and clung to him like he would save her . 
 `` i wo n't let anything happen to you , '' declan whispered in her ear . 
 `` come with me . '' 
 he led her away from the dance floor and toward a door . 
 the fairy guarding the door crossed his arms . 
 `` we want some fresh air , '' declan said defiantly and rubbed his thumb over willow 's hand soothing her . 
 the fairy looked over his shoulder and must 've received an okay , because he opened the doors onto a large balcony . 
 declan led her to the edge of the balcony , and they looked out on the glowing lights of the fairy city . 
 turning to her , declan cupped her face in his hands . 
 `` there 's something i need you to know ; something that 's been burning inside me for a very long time and i ca n't hold back from you any longer . 
 not now , willow tree , '' he smiled shyly at saying her nickname and then let out a breath . 
 `` i want you . 
 i want you so badly it hurts . 
 when i 'm away from you , i go crazy . 
 when i 'm with you and ca n't hold you , i go crazy . 
 i 'm falling in love with you , and i understand if you do n't want me back , but i need you to know how i feel . 
 we argue and fight and you 're so stubborn i do n't even think you can see how much you mean to me , but all that does n't matter as much as my feelings for you . 
 you have captured my very soul . 
 when i 'm without you , i 'm not myself . '' 
 he let her go and turned away from her to grip the balcony railing . 
 `` i 'm sorry for bringing this up , especially with all the other shit going on in your life , but i just need you to know . '' 
 `` you ... want me ? '' 
 willow said quietly , her heart racing at his acknowledgment . 
 he finally admitted it ! 
 declan nodded his head , but did n't look at her again . 
 willow was breathless . 
 `` even though you 're so much more than i could ever want or dream about having and even though i 'm a lousy witch and even though i do n't even compare to all the other firsts in other covens and -- '' declan whirled on her . 
 `` stop it , willow ! 
 nobody even compares to you ! 
 you 're so damn beautiful i ca n't take my eyes off you ! 
 you 're so kind and gentle that you would go out of your way just to heal somebody ! 
 you have no idea how amazing you are . 
 it 's me who could never dream of having someone like you . 
 i mean , come on , willow , '' declan said frustrated and began pacing and listing off all the other things he thought about her . 
 his words shocked her . 
 he thought so highly about her , even though she felt so inadequate . 
 he made her feel special and loved . 
 letting out a shaky breath , she confessed , `` i love you too , declan . '' 
 he continued like he did n't hear her . 
 `` i mean , really , willow , it should scare you how much i want to be next to you . 
 i want to run my hands through your hair and touch your body and kiss you and be the one to protect you and provide for you . '' 
 `` i love you , declan , '' willow said a little louder , but he still did n't hear her . 
 `` i was so pissed when chase tried to claim you , because in my mind you 're already mine ! 
 i wanted to rip his throat out and feed it to that dragon ! 
 anybody who even looks at you with lust in their eyes should be warned because i will literally kill them for even thinking those thoughts about you ! '' 
 `` i love you declan ! '' 
 willow shouted , which made him instantly stop pacing . 
 he was turned sideways to her and his back was tense . 
 his head turned to look at her . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i. love . 
 you . '' 
 willow said and put her hands on her hips cocking an eyebrow as if to say , `` come and get it '' . 
 `` did n't you know at the neutral zone ? 
 i told you i wanted you and you did n't believe me . '' 
 `` that was ... real ? '' 
 declan said , his eyes going wide . 
 `` i thought -- '' smiling even wider , willow said , `` warlocks can be so thick sometimes . 
 i know this one warlock who likes to get his way ... like all the time . 
 he 's pretty cocky , you know , but after arguing a few times , you can get your way . 
 sometimes , you even have to stomp on his foot to get his attention . 
 but he 's pretty attractive , so it 's kind of hard to resist his charms , and -- '' willow stopped her rant when declan rushed up to her and wrapped her in his arms quickly leaning down and crushing her lips to his . 
 the kiss was liquid fire and willow completely melted into him . 
 declan 's lips devoured hers , capturing hers and holding them hostage with his desire . 
 all willow could do was feel as declan continued his assault on her mouth . 
 his lips felt so soft and smooth , until he sped up the kiss , making it rougher and more passionate . 
 she gasped when declan urged her mouth open and inserted his tongue in it , stroking hers . 
 it felt foreign and strange , but as declan 's tongue danced with hers , she melted again and moaned in pleasure . 
 it was tantalizing and all-consuming . 
 if willow was water , she 'd be in a puddle at his feet . 
 the desperate kisses soon turned into long , lingering ones . 
 willow nearly smiled when she heard declan moan against her lips . 
 finally , he pulled away . 
 `` you have no idea how much i 've wanted to do that , '' declan said softly , but his voice was shaky and his breathing was heavy . 
 `` i thought you hated me , '' willow said . 
 `` i thought you hated me , '' declan emphasized . 
 `` guess not , '' willow shrugged and smiled . 
 `` the way you act towards me sometimes -- '' suddenly , declan was cut off when the sound of loud clapping resounded behind them . 
 they both turned incredulously to see king diazinon standing in the doorway surrounded by fairy knights . 
 his cold , black eyes narrowed on them and his smile was so wide it actually darkened his face . 
 he looked like a demon . 
 for a moment , willow forgot where she was . 
 now , the reality of it came crashing down on her . 
 `` i hate to break up this ... well , whatever it is , but i must enlighten you both that you have officially outstayed your welcome in my kingdom , '' the king said hatefully . 
 declan stepped in front of willow . 
 `` you 're the one who brought us here in the first place , '' he said defiantly . 
 `` so why do n't you return what rightfully belongs to willow , and we 'll be on our way . '' 
 the king laughed . 
 it was a breathless , heartless chuckle . 
 `` that 's funny . 
 i do n't take orders from warlock scum . 
 and you know full well that the only way you can get the talisman back is to win a challenge , regardless of who the original owner is . '' 
 `` what 's the challenge ? '' 
 declan asked , his hands balled into fists at his side . 
 `` my queen desires a challenge of strength . 
 willow must battle a creature of our choosing in the arena . 
 a simple fight to the death . '' 
 `` what creature ? '' 
 the king crossed his arms . 
 `` an angont . '' 
 declan 's face turned pale and willow 's heart thudded in her chest in fear . 
 the fey owned an angont ? 
 the king sighed . 
 `` do n't look so surprised , young magic caster . 
 as this is one of our north american territories we dwell in , it is only fitting we acquired one of the ... '' he paused thinking for the right word , `` native creatures of the region . '' 
 `` you 're sick , '' declan spit out . 
 `` on the contrary , '' the king said , `` i find that owning an angont is very convenient . 
 but i do n't need a silly warlock to tell me about our ways . 
 so here 's what 's going to happen . 
 you 're going to say goodbye to the healer . 
 tomorrow , she will fight against the angont for her talisman . 
 perhaps after the angont rips off her limbs , they 'll grow back . 
 after all , she is a healer ! '' 
 the king and his men laughed . 
 `` as son of emerson aldridge , head warlock of the emerald circle , i offer to take her place in the arena , '' declan said loudly and grabbed willow 's hand . 
 willow 's mouth dropped open . 
 the king instantly stopped laughing and narrowed his black eyes on declan . 
 `` why would you take this honor from the beloved healer ? '' 
 the king asked . 
 `` i love her , '' declan said with such confidence it made willow 's heart burst open once again . 
 the king was silent for a moment , looking at the magic casters ' clasped hands and then smirked showing his stark white teeth . 
 `` love , is it ? '' 
 he hissed . 
 `` well , this will indeed be interesting . 
 your offer is accepted , however , the healer will be a part of this challenge tomorrow , regardless . 
 guards , lock this insolent warlock in the cells . 
 send for kalista to take willow to one of the guest rooms . '' 
 with that , the king disappeared with several other fey leaving as well . 
 two fairy knights quickly rushed at declan and cuffed his hands with silver twine and led him away . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 willow called after them and nearly tripped on the train of her gown , `` please ! 
 declan , do n't leave me again ! 
 take me to the cells with him ! 
 stop ! '' 
 declan tried turning around but the fey would n't let him . 
 they evaporated into thin air and left willow with a gaping hole in her heart . 
 not again ! 
 unrelenting tears streamed down her face . 
 kalista approached willow with her head bowed and her hands folded together . 
 `` come with me , my lady , '' she said softly and turned around expecting willow to follow . 
 as soon as willow made it to the bedroom she was supposed to `` sleep '' in , she tried to take her gown off by herself , but she could n't get to the zipper in the back , so she ended up ripping it . 
 damn fairies ! 
 tears pooled in her eyes and she threw herself on the fluffy white bed and cried her heart out . 
 her makeup washed off on the satin pillowcases and she screamed into the pillow muffling her cries . 
 there was no way she would get sleep tonight . 
 some time later there was a soft scratching on the door . 
 it was so quiet that willow thought she was imagining it . 
 but when she opened the door after the fifth scratch , the largest black wolf stood there panting . 
 `` chase ! '' 
 she exclaimed . 
 chase could nearly look her straight in the eyes , but his deep blue spheres were watching her intently , like he was trying to tell her something . 
 willow could n't help the tears that fell down her face at seeing him . 
 `` where have you been , boy ? '' 
 willow asked and reached out to scratch his ears . 
 chase moaned and licked her cheek . 
 `` hey ! 
 no kisses , '' she said and wiped off the spit . 
 `` can you shift , chase ? '' 
 the big wolf shook his head , but then motioned down the hallway . 
 `` is someone coming ? '' 
 willow asked shakily and poked her head out to check . 
 there was no movement or any sign of fey around . 
 again , the wolf shook his head and whined , then started walking down the hallway . 
 willow followed him . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 she whispered , afraid someone was going to pop out of the shadows and either scare her or take her away . 
 chase snapped his jaws together . 
 willow got the hint that chase wanted her to be quiet . 
 so quietly , chase led her down narrow stairs , down a long hallway , took a few different turns , and then finally made it to another set of stairs . 
 it was dark , with a few lit torches lighting the way . 
 it smelled musty and stank and the stairs seemed like they went on forever , dropping down into a dark abyss . 
 the sparkles on willow 's dress cast an eerie glow on the walls from the reflection of the flames . 
 finally , at the bottom of the stairs , in the deepest black yet , just when she thought it could n't get any worse , a small light illuminated a cell , and in it , was her love . 
 declan was sitting holding his knees with his head hidden between them . 
 he was still wearing his tux , now dirty , torn , and disheveled from the dust and soot from the cold floor . 
 willow could n't breathe . 
 she sucked in a breath , and just as she did , declan heard her . 
 his head popped up and searched in the darkness for her . 
 willow rushed up to the cells with tears falling down her cheeks . 
 declan met her at the bars and held her fiercely . 
 all she wanted now was to be in his arms . 
 his strong presence filled her , overwhelmed her and saturated her . 
 she pulled back only to be drowned with kisses from declan . 
 he kissed away her salty tears ; he kissed her lips , her forehead , and cheeks . 
 between kisses , willow reprimanded him . 
 `` you 're so stupid , dec. '' kiss on her lips . 
 `` why did you do tha -- '' deeper kiss on the lips . 
 `` i ca n't believe you -- '' `` willow , shut up , '' declan said nipping her lower lip . 
 he kissed her with such passion it left her breathless . 
 as his tongue entered her mouth , chase growled behind them . 
 willow jumped back and untangled herself from declan 's hold , always so lost in declan she had no regard of who was there watching . 
 in the dark , chase looked invisible besides his glowing eyes . 
 `` keep a look out , chase , '' willow said and turned back to declan . 
 she heard another low growl , but decided to ignore that one . 
 `` dec , '' she exhaled and sat with him on the ground . 
 `` let 's just leave this place . '' 
 declan looked appalled . 
 `` i do n't need my talisman . 
 i still have magic . 
 i ca n't let you face the angont ! 
 we have to get out of here , dec , i just -- '' `` willow , stop , '' declan said and cupped her face . 
 `` i would do anything for you . 
 you 're talisman is a part of you . 
 we 're not leaving here without it . 
 i will win . 
 trust me . '' 
 `` i do . 
 it 's them i do n't trust . 
 i can feel something bad is gon na happen , and i know you feel it too . 
 we just need to go . 
 please . '' 
 `` hey ! 
 what are you doing down here ! '' 
 two fairy guards saw her from the end of the hallway . 
 they came at her so quickly she did n't have time to react . 
 they grabbed her , and even though she had a death grip on the cold metal cell bars , she was too weak to resist . 
 they pulled her away from declan kicking and screaming . 
 declan called out reassurances to her but they were only drowned out by willow 's calls for him in the blackness of the prison . 
 in less than five minutes , willow was thrown back in her room , two guards stationed at her door . 
 she was threatened that if she tried to leave again , they would torture declan . 
 that , of course , shut her up . 
 they had found her weakness . 
 they knew how to get her to obey . 
 unfortunately for her , her weakness came in the form of the most attractive , frustrating , stubborn warlock ever . 
 declan aldridge was her weakness . 
 chapter 12 the arena willow woke up to a hard , cold floor . 
 she snapped awake and sat up . 
 she did n't remember falling asleep . 
 where was she ? 
 quick observation : a small black platform . 
 her hands and ankles were bound in chains that were attached to the floor . 
 and she was half naked . 
 she wore a very short skirt and a tube top that was more of a bra than an actual top . 
 it was scratchy and uncomfortable . 
 her long hair was tied up in a weird , intricately shaped bun on the top of her head . 
 what is this ? 
 she was jerked forward suddenly when the platform started moving upwards . 
 she did n't go far when bright light was thrust into her vision , and her heart plummeted . 
 the platform rose up to a massive , circular arena . 
 benches where the entire fey kingdom sat looking down at her encompassed the stadium . 
 directly in front was a large sky view box where the king and queen sat comfortably on their thrones , overseeing the events . 
 willow was trapped in a large translucent box to the side of the arena . 
 just above her head was a pipe that let in air for her to breathe . 
 the entire floor of the arena was covered in dirt and coarse , dead grass . 
 obstacles , boulders , and various stone statues , pillars , and archways were splayed all over the ground , methodically placed as hiding places or traps for the victim . 
 a twisted game of cat and mouse was about to be played . 
 below the king and queen was a dark tunnel with a large portcullis . 
 was that where they kept the angont ? 
 willow swallowed . 
 her throat was dry . 
 the noise around her was muffled due to the strange cage she was in , but the fairies around her were talking excitedly . 
 they were all decked out in beautiful colors that reflected the sun high in the sky . 
 the king , underneath the shaded pergola looked dark and menacing . 
 even from this distance , the smirk on his face was enough to send a bolt of fear through her . 
 the king snapped his fingers and suddenly a hidden door opened and out stepped declan with his hands tied behind his back accompanied by two fey guards . 
 he was wearing a simple t-shirt and shorts . 
 no armor and nothing to block the attacks of the vicious beast . 
 it was n't fair ! 
 declan spotted her instantly , and as their eyes connected , willow 's heart skyrocketed in her chest . 
 he gave her a small smile , trying to look confident , but willow could tell he was scared . 
 declan put up a front , trying to appear brave and strong , but he was only a warlock in training . 
 he did n't know half the things an advanced warlock knew , and should know in order to face a challenge this horrific . 
 and that was what scared willow the most . 
 could he succeed ? 
 what if he failed ? 
 what if he died ? 
 `` good fey people of the everwild ! '' 
 king diazinon stood from his throne to address his people . 
 the crowd silenced and turned to their dark leader . 
 `` today we will witness a challenge ! '' 
 the crowd roared in pleasure . 
 `` one that we have not indulged in for many years ! '' 
 he continued . 
 `` declan aldridge , son of emerson aldridge , head warlock of the emerald circle had chosen to fight the angont in place of the healer , willow rose . 
 it will be a fight to the death ! 
 whose death , you ask ? 
 well , that is up to our brave warlock ! 
 i address you now , declan , '' the king looked down at him as the fairy guards cut the ropes that bound him and stepped up to the portcullis . 
 `` unfortunately , this challenge is timed . 
 as you can see , your healer is chained in the timekeeping box , which will fill up with water in one hour . 
 fail to kill the angont and save the precious healer in time , and she will die . 
 however , if you succeed in killing the angont , the water will stop and the talisman will be hers . 
 are we clear ? '' 
 declan was furious . 
 his rage was palpable on his features as he glared at the fairy king . 
 by the end of the king 's speech , and knowing the exact details of the challenge , tears were streaming down willow 's face . 
 the king had said she would play a part in the challenge , but she did n't know how involved she would be . 
 this was dangerous and incredibly terrifying . 
 `` i ca n't hear you , warlock ! '' 
 the king waited , mocking him . 
 with one last glance back at willow , declan declared . 
 `` i understand ! '' 
 `` then let the games begin ! '' 
 the king announced . 
 `` open the gate ! '' 
 the two fey cranked open the gate very , very slowly . 
 declan retreated behind a small rock and crouched down low to the ground rubbing his hands together charging his magic . 
 a deep throated growl was released from the tunnel , and with it , a gust of air sending dust flying into the arena . 
 silence followed . 
 willow waited on edge and nervous . 
 her hands were plastered to the box looking towards the tunnel when suddenly a trickle of water landed on her shoulder and cascaded down her back . 
 she looked up . 
 the pipe was slowly opening and water was raining down on her . 
 her fear increased as the water pooled down by her bare feet . 
 but she could n't focus on what was happening to her because just then , the angont stepped out of the cave . 
 by far the most fearsome creature she 's ever seen , the angont towered in the entrance of the cave , its whole body filling the opening . 
 it was every bit of a dragon , but looked like a snake . 
 it had thick green scales covering its body and walked on four sturdy legs . 
 its head was covered in horns and had a large mouth with a forked tongue . 
 behind him was a slithering tail with spikes that could eject from it at the dragon 's will . 
 it was venomous . 
 it was deadly . 
 it was out to kill . 
 because it was so large , it instantly spotted declan hiding behind the rock . 
 letting out a loud roar , the angont charged at him . 
 declan jumped up and blasted a lightening bold that hit the angont directly in his chest . 
 it only angered the beast . 
 declan ran to another boulder , but tripped over a root that jumped out at him . 
 the angont whipped his long tail around and sent a spike straight for him ! 
 declan rolled just as it hit the place he was mere seconds ago . 
 he scurried to his feet and ran to hide again . 
 the angont charged again , and this time , blasted fire from his mouth . 
 declan whirled around his hiding place and held out his palms , uttering a spell that exploded water from his hands . 
 it struck the fire and smoke flew out of the place of impact covering the angont and declan in a smoky haze . 
 `` declan ! '' 
 willow called for him , but again saw green lightening through the mist and knew that he was still alive . 
 when the smoke cleared , declan was nowhere to be found , and the angont was thrashing about wildly , rearing its head back and sending flames shooting into the sky and all around him . 
 it was outraged . 
 willow gasped when she felt water up to her knees . 
 already ? 
 she pounded on the walls of box , which did absolutely nothing . 
 her chains rattled and shook , which was a huge mistake because the angont heard her and turned his head in her direction , spotting her . 
 his big , black eyes narrowed in on her and she screamed . 
 the angont was coming for her ! 
 he did n't get far when out of nowhere , declan jumped on him from where he stood high up on a pillar . 
 declan landed on the dragon 's back and yelled a spell that created tar under the dragon 's feet . 
 the angont turned its head just as declan held up his hand and detonated a ball that exploded with sticky tar straight into the dragon 's eye . 
 he roared and sent flames on declan . 
 declan blocked most of it when he jumped off his back , but his shirt caught on fire ! 
 declan yelled and quickly put the fire out , but his shirt was burnt and he back was bright red and charred . 
 he ducked behind a boulder and out of willow 's vision . 
 he was hurt ! 
 no ! 
 the angont shook his head and tried to rid himself of the pain . 
 he stomped his feet , which sent vibrations in the earth that willow could actually feel . 
 the water was now waist high . 
 her desperation increased and she tried to slip out of the cuffs attached to the chain so she might be able to swim to the top of the box if necessary . 
 she twisted and wriggled her wrists to get out of the chains , but it was useless . 
 she cried when the metal cut deep into her skin . 
 suddenly , a loud roar bellowed over the arena . 
 she looked up to see ice shards shooting out of the sky like arrows . 
 declan was behind a large statue and fired ice at the dragon until he was panting with effort , but nothing seemed to be penetrating the dragon 's thick skin . 
 declan would have to come up with a different strategy , and soon , because the water in willow 's cage was filling up faster than imaginable . 
 willow saw declan running away as the angont continued to hunt him . 
 suddenly , the angont shot out ten spikes from his tail that went careening right for him ! 
 declan ran and dodged and jumped . 
 he was sprinting to another boulder to hide . 
 he was almost there when thwack ! 
 a spike struck him right in his arm ! 
 declan howled in pain and toppled to the ground . 
 the venom ! 
 the angont roared in pleasure at finally hitting its prey . 
 willow cried out for him . 
 declan was n't moving . 
 several heartbeats passed before she saw his arm twitch and move . 
 `` declan ! '' 
 willow screamed his name . 
 the water was up to her chest . 
 `` declan get up ! 
 the angont 's behind you ! 
 declan !!!! '' willow did n't care about herself . 
 she did n't care that the water was about to drown her , ending her own life . 
 all she cared about was declan . 
 he was burnt and hurt and now poisoned with the angont 's venom . 
 declan was her life . 
 declan was the one she loved most . 
 her world was crashing down around her and all she could do was watch helplessly as both their lives would end . 
 she wanted to be in his arms . 
 she wanted him to hold her in the last remaining breaths she would take . 
 but fate would have it a different way . 
 the angont came up behind declan , snaking his long tongue out , licking declan 's leg , testing to see if the venom was working-paralyzing and stilling the flow of blood . 
 the angont suddenly reared up on his hind legs , about to crush declan and roared the loudest it ever has . 
 it was a roar of victory . 
 the angont had won . 
 and then willow felt the water reach her neck . 
 she cried out one last time , sucking in air , but knew it would n't be of any use . 
 time was up . 
 the water kept filling up the box and willow gulped in one last , deep breath . 
 but she refused to take her eyes off of declan , even if the water was blurring her vision . 
 he would be the last person she ever saw , because he was the only one who mattered to her . 
 just when the angont 's mouth was closing , declan awoke ! 
 he spun on the ground , ripping out the jagged spike in his arm and shooting it straight into the angont 's mouth , using magic to send it soaring high and fast . 
 a direct hit ! 
 the angont howled as the spike went through its mouth and came out of the other side . 
 blood gushed out of the dragon 's neck and it toppled to the ground writhing and squirming , until it finally lay limp . 
 he won ! 
 declan won ! 
 declan killed the beast ! 
 willow 's heart beat faster and faster . 
 oh god ! 
 she could n't breathe ! 
 she looked up . 
 the water stopped but was now over her head and the chains held her down . 
 there was space left if she could only rise up enough to get it ! 
 willow tried and tried but she could n't get to the top . 
 the chains held her down . 
 she panicked ! 
 declan was halfway across the stadium . 
 she pounded on the box for him , her lungs were screaming in agony , compressing on her , trying to breathe but there was nothing but water . 
 she could n't fight ! 
 she was drowning ! 
 willow 's vision was cloudy , her mind going blank . 
 she saw declan running to her , screaming something . 
 she saw the fey people standing and gasping , pointing to her . 
 she saw black spots in her vision . 
 and then she saw diazinon stretch out his hand towards her and the walls of the box dissolved and she collapsed right as declan reached her , right into his arms . 
 she inhaled precious oxygen and then puked liquid . 
 she rolled to the side coughing and sputtering , breathing in air and trying to slow her heartbeat . 
 she was seconds away from drowning . 
 her lungs squeezed . 
 more water rushed to her throat . 
 her lungs burned with fire . 
 in , out , in , out , breathe . 
 her head buzzed as she spewed even more water that she did n't remember swallowing . 
 `` its okay , willow , '' declan said hoarsely . 
 `` i 've got you , baby . '' 
 she looked up to declan . 
 his hazel eyes loomed over her and it was the most beautiful face she 's ever seen . 
 he looked sickly , though . 
 he was pale and drained and winced in pain . 
 she could tell it took tremendous effort to hold her . 
 willow was nearly healed as her healing power responded within her . 
 still feeling the burn at the back of her throat , willow said , `` let me heal , you , dec. . 
 do n't even say no or i 'll kick your butt . '' 
 declan laughed softly . 
 `` i think this time i actually need it . '' 
 `` you needed it before , '' willow groaned and called upon her magic . 
 her fingers instinctively tingled as she cupped declan 's face above her and closed her eyes . 
 he was seriously injured . 
 the angont 's venom had slowed his heart and had penetrated through most of his blood system . 
 he would 've been paralyzed in minutes , dead within the hour . 
 she called to the venom , sucking and extracting it from his body . 
 the blood and charred skin on his back mended together . 
 the healing process was the longest she 's ever done before . 
 declan was on death 's doorstep . 
 finally , when she felt confident he was okay , she released him and collapsed , allowing her body to do its own rapid healing . 
 declan sighed and hugged her , kissing her neck . 
 `` my sweet healer , '' he said softly in her ear . 
 `` you saved me . '' 
 `` no , dec , '' willow said , `` you saved me . '' 
 `` congratulations , warlock , '' a deep voice behind them said in a sinister way . 
 willow twisted in declan 's arm to see king diazinon walking up to them with his posse . 
 upon further analysis , willow saw that the entire stadium had evacuated and the fey people were nowhere to be seen . 
 the queen was surrounded by several guards and had her arms crossed , looking extremely put out . 
 `` it seems you 've managed to slay our precious angont and win the challenge . 
 a first in the history of fey . 
 it also seems that hekate has misjudged you , as have i. '' declan stood up with willow , but kept his firm arms around her possessively . 
 `` thank you , king diazinon . 
 now as the fey are both a loyal and noble people , i ask for willow 's talisman , as was promised if i won . '' 
 the king frowned and assessed declan strangely , as if trying to gage whether declan 's comment was sincere or an insult . 
 willow figured it was the latter since they both really hated fey , but declan was also good at hiding his emotions , so it was hard to tell . 
 finally , the king waved his hand and suddenly , willow felt a small weight on her wrist . 
 she looked down and there on her wrist , in all its magical glory was her talisman ! 
 she let out a gasp at the feeling of exuberance and wholeness the talisman gave her . 
 it was beautiful ! 
 she marveled at its beauty of the delicate golden bracelet . 
 it hooked to a ring on her middle finger by a small link running along the back of her hand just as she saw it when queen eclipsia wore it . 
 this time , however , it lit with a natural glow . 
 willow was in awe . 
 this talisman was amazing and it was finally hers ! 
 she would finally be able to control and enhance her magic . 
 declan gave her a small squeeze in her waist , and she looked up to him grinning . 
 `` yes , yes , we 're all happy here , '' the king huffed , not sounding pleased in the least . 
 `` as you 've had such a trying time today , may i suggest you stay in my kingdom tonight before your journey home ? '' 
 the king 's dark eyes sparked for just a second before being hidden behind his bigoted smirk . 
 `` and do n't worry , healer , your warlock can stay with you this time . '' 
 willow was unsure of the king 's offer . 
 was he really being genuine or did he have some hidden motive for asking them to stay ? 
 `` thanks for your hospitality , king diazinon , '' she looked at declan quickly , `` but i think we should probably be getting back . 
 you see , my sisters -- '' `` please , please , '' the king said interrupting her hastily . 
 `` i insist . 
 you really should get as much rest as you can before going back into the everwild . 
 now come . 
 you have gained my respect . 
 honor this last request . '' 
 the king spun on his heel and went to his wife , leaving no time for argument . 
 they both disappeared in a twirling vortex of wind leaving declan and willow with some of the fairy guards . 
 they really had no choice but to stay . 
 knowing the fey , they would probably enchant the barriers of their land so they could n't leave until tomorrow . 
 the guards led willow and declan back to the mountain castle , through corridor upon corridor , twisting turns and marbled halls . 
 declan twined his hand in hers as they walked and willow 's heart fluttered quietly in her chest from the aftermath of the events . 
 but he was here , he was alive , and that was all that mattered . 
 the guards stopped at a door to a large bedroom , a different room than what willow was in before , and let them in . 
 there was a plush couch , television , a large four poster bed and a balcony that had white gossamer curtains flowing in the breeze . 
 it was peaceful , at least it seemed that way . 
 somehow , willow felt she was being imprisoned again . 
 she walked to the balcony and hugged herself , looking out on the fairy kingdom . 
 now that she had her talisman , there was no point in staying here . 
 as far as she was concerned , the further away she was from the fey the better . 
 declan came up behind her and wrapped his long arms around her , pulling her into his stomach and resting his head on her shoulder . 
 `` all the beauty of the fairy kingdom is nothing compared to how beautiful you are , '' he said . 
 `` i would do anything for you , willow . '' 
 willow stiffened against him . 
 `` anything ? '' 
 she said breathlessly . 
 `` yes . '' 
 she squirmed out of his embrace and frowned . 
 `` did i say something wrong ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` anything , as in , you would die for me , declan ? '' 
 `` i think i proved that facing the angont for you , yes , '' he said and smiled uneasily . 
 `` declan , you ca n't say that . 
 i do n't want you to die for me ! 
 if anything ever happened to you because of me , i would die inside . 
 a world without declan aldridge is not a world at all ! 
 do n't you get it ? 
 the very idea of you dying for me , of you not existing , kills me . '' 
 `` well , i 'm glad i 'm not the only one who thinks that , '' his smiled widened . 
 `` i 'm serious , declan . '' 
 `` i am too willow . 
 look , the only way someone would ever remove me from your side ... the only thing or person that has the ability to do that ... is you . 
 you have my heart willow . 
 just do n't break it . '' 
 `` and how many hearts have you broken , dec ? '' 
 willow crossed her arms . 
 `` what are you accusing me of , exactly ? '' 
 he matched her tone . 
 `` the fact that i love you so much i would die for you , or the fact that you do n't think i 'm telling the truth ? '' 
 `` you 're the only boy -- warlock -- i 've ever been with . 
 what happens when you realize i 'm boring or you get tired of me ? '' 
 `` this is more than just some fling , willow ! '' 
 declan said frustrated . 
 `` you have no idea what you mean to me . 
 and you need to stop thinking you are n't worthy of anyone ! 
 you are beautiful , intelligent , loving , and willing to do anything for your sisters . 
 your magic is unique , just like you . 
 i would n't change you for anything in the world . '' 
 willow reeled and immediately stopped arguing with him . 
 his words made her feel like the luckiest girl in the world . 
 he was telling the truth . 
 `` declan , '' willow said forcefully , `` kiss me . '' 
 `` ugh ! 
 finally ! '' 
 declan exhaled and wrapped her in his arms . 
 when their lips collided , willow let out all her insecurities she felt about herself and her growing love for declan . 
 this was right ; this was what she desired above everything . 
 declan fit her so well , it was like he was made for her . 
 a part of her felt guilty about indulging in these feelings with her sisters held captive by hekate , but when declan kissed her with such passionate fire , everything around her melted away until it was just the two of them . 
 declan lifted willow by the waist , never breaking the kiss , and walked back into the room where he dumped them on the bed . 
 declan 's body covered hers , the weight of him felt wonderful against willow 's small frame . 
 she was entranced-captivated-by all things declan . 
 his touch , smell , and feel of his hands roaming her body left her tingling and wanting more . 
 she wrapped a leg around his waist and pressed him deeper into her , releasing a groan from him . 
 the kissing grew deeper and slower , declan 's full lips knew exactly what they were doing , taunting her with promises of the lust and bliss to come . 
 he twined his fingers through hers and moved them above her head on the pillows , trapping them there . 
 before things could get too serious , declan stopped the make out session and just held willow on the bed , hugging her and playing with her hair . 
 she was glad declan did n't want to pursue something more sexual , as this was not the time or place for that . 
 and willow just was n't ready for that type of intimacy , yet . 
 `` hey , '' declan said after a while . 
 willow pushed the bangs out of his eyes and smiled when he leaned into her hand . 
 `` do you feel any different with your talisman on ? '' 
 `` not at all , '' willow said laughing and looking again at the beautiful piece designed just for her . 
 `` it 's pretty though , right ? '' 
 `` try to do something that you could n't before . '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 `` like ... changing your clothes . 
 second 's can do that right ? '' 
 `` yea , '' willow said . 
 `` i 've always wanted to do that ! 
 okay , here we go ... '' willow sat up and concentrated , thinking of her clothes changing from the `` little '' outfit she was put in , to something normal and comfortable . 
 she was able to tap into her magic so easily it was like breathing ; second nature . 
 when she thought she achieved it , she looked down , gasping in surprise . 
 she was in nearly see-through black , lacy lingerie ! 
 `` ahh ! '' 
 willow exclaimed and jumped out of the bed away from declan , who was laughing hysterically at her . 
 she tried covering up her body with her hands , but there was so much exposed she might as well be standing naked in front of him . 
 `` well , you got the undergarments right ! '' 
 declan said through his laughing . 
 willow 's cheeks heated with embarrassment . 
 `` i 'm more uncovered than before ! '' 
 she ran into the bathroom and slammed the door . 
 a couple minutes later , declan opened the door and handed her some clothes . 
 `` even though i 'd definitely prefer you in what you have on , because you are sexy as hell , these were in the drawers . '' 
 `` thanks , '' willow said flustered and quickly put on the fairy dress . 
 it was silky and had long sleeves , but it was better than nothing . 
 declan led her back out of the bathroom and back to the bed . 
 he changed the subject . 
 `` so , tomorrow we leave . 
 once we get out of fey territory , we 're using magic to get us transportation . 
 there 's no way i 'm chancing the everwild again . '' 
 `` i 'm with you , '' willow said and snuggled closer to declan , who started playing with her hair again . 
 it felt so good that she actually moaned with pleasure ! 
 `` and then back to my house to regroup so we can save your sisters , right ? '' 
 he added . 
 `` as long as you 're with me , declan , we can do anything . 
 i have no doubts now that my sisters can be saved . '' 
 `` good . 
 it 's about time you realized how amazing i am , '' declan teased her . 
 she punched him playfully in the stomach . 
 `` goodnight , dec , '' willow said and gave him a sweet , tender kiss on the lips . 
 `` sleep well , willow tree , '' he whispered softly in her ear . 
 they both gave in to the heavy exhaustion they felt from the entire day and drifted off quickly into sleep . 
 chapter 13 what dreams may come `` willow , '' an extremely familiar voice called her name . 
 it was beautiful and soft . 
 she missed that voice . 
 she knew that voice . 
 willow snapped awake . 
 `` pertussia ! '' 
 she cried and jumped out of her bed and straight into pertussia 's open arms . 
 pertussia embraced her . 
 `` what is it , love ? '' 
 pertussia giggled and stepped back . 
 `` did you have a bad dream ? '' 
 willow looked around . 
 sunlight was streaming into her bedroom back at the southwick manor . 
 every piece of furniture was in its place . 
 she was home ! 
 it was all just a big nightmare ... or was it ? 
 looking around , the only thing that seemed strange about the scene was that her room was uncharacteristically spotless . 
 there were no clothes on the floor and no makeup sprawled all over her vanity . 
 certainly a first time she 's ever seen it this way . 
 `` is this real ? '' 
 `` is what real , dear ? '' 
 pertussia said shaking her head and putting her hands on her hips . 
 `` you 're so strange sometimes , willow . 
 i often wonder if hekate made the wrong decision in bringing you to our home . '' 
 pertussia started piddling and busying herself about the room , adjusting the curtains to let in more light . 
 a stab of hurt penetrated through willow as she watched her favorite sister tidying the already immaculate room . 
 was pertussia being serious ? 
 did she really feel like willow did n't belong here ? 
 it was her deepest fear , one that she did n't share with anybody : that there was no place she truly belonged . 
 that ultimately , she was alone . 
 her fears quickly dissipated , though , when pertussia turned to her and winked . 
 `` but then again , we have portia-anna , do n't we ? 
 and we all know how out of the box she can be ! '' 
 `` box ? '' 
 memories instantly flooded into her mind . 
 `` box ! '' 
 willow exclaimed and rushed up to pertussia , who raised her eyebrows in alarm . 
 `` you 're locked in a box of souls , pertussia ! 
 what can you see ? 
 where are you right now ? '' 
 pertussia smiled awkwardly as if she were talking to a crazy person . 
 `` whatever are you babbling about , willow ? 
 i 'm standing right here . '' 
 `` hekate has you trapped ! 
 i have to find you ! 
 she has dora and portia-anna too ! 
 and look ! 
 i have my talis -- '' willow cut off when she looked at her wrist . 
 her talisman ! 
 it was gone ! 
 `` willow , dear , are you feeling okay ? '' 
 pertussia asked her and checked her forehead for fever . 
 seeming satisfied , she dropped her hand and moved away . 
 `` we have to get going , you know . 
 lots to do today ! 
 pandora 's taking you to the market to pick out ingredients for devoted drop . 
 she 's going to oversee you making it . 
 it 's time you learn more complicated potions if you 're going to be a second soon . 
 even though i hate to admit that you 're growing up , if pandora thinks you 're ready , then i do too . 
 is n't that exciting ? '' 
 willow paused in her panic attack , slightly confused . 
 `` devoted drop ? 
 i 'm to make someone obsessively love someone else ? '' 
 `` it 's what our client desires , '' pertussia said waving a hand nonchalantly in the air and walked towards the bedroom door . 
 `` a vampire lord of some sort ... it 's not like they ca n't entrance someone anyways , so i 'm rather confused on why he needs it . 
 but as they say ` beggars ca n't be choosers ' . 
 he 's paid a handsome price for it , so it 's not like pandora could deny the offer . 
 and it 's a great learning experience for you too ! '' 
 `` pertussia , please listen to me ! 
 this is n't real ! '' 
 willow hurried out of the bedroom door after her sister , but instead of going out into the hall , she was thrust back into the forest . 
 shockingly , she found that she was sitting in front of a small cottage at a table and chair with her arms folded , perfectly calm and perfectly composed . 
 in front of her was a long , snaking line with thousands of different creatures ambling about and waiting to approach her table . 
 directly in front of her was a small goblin with speckled dots all over his body . 
 willow knew this was unusual for a goblin since their skin is normally so thick and yellow , like they had permanent jaundice . 
 she had never seen one with this coloring before . 
 this goblin was sick . 
 he was anxious in front of her , twiddling his thumbs , obviously afraid to ask her to heal him . 
 she almost smiled at the thought . 
 she would never hurt someone who was already hurting . 
 this was her destiny-the job given to her as a responsibility to all magical creatures . 
 but she felt empty and alone . 
 someone was missing . 
 willow turned back to look at the cottage . 
 it was small , built for one person and located in the middle of the forest . 
 nobody was in it . 
 she felt a deep sadness wrench through her when she turned back to face the goblin , who emptied a small satchel filled with gold coins-payment to use her healing power on him . 
 willow smiled sweetly and accepted the offer , then moved to heal him , trying to remember a person who once filled the gaping hole in her heart . 
 then , a throaty cackle filled her ears and chills erupted all over her . 
 a voice , hekate 's voice whispered to her . 
 `` all alone ... all alone ... i will kill you ... all alone . '' 
 willow woke up in a cold sweat . 
 she felt her face with clammy hands , touched the bed , and looked around . 
 she was back in the fey kingdom . 
 her heart was beating furiously and she still felt the pang of that loneliness in her dream . 
 it felt so real . 
 the emotions , the pain and emptiness were pulling at her , threatening to suffocate her and drown her in sorrow . 
 a weepy lump was lodged in her throat . 
 she did n't even want to think about the realness of hekate 's voice in her mind . 
 in the dream , she was trying to fill a void in her life , a void that was once filled by something ... someone . 
 she turned when she heard the sound of running water stop in the bathroom . 
 declan , willow thought . 
 declan was n't in her dream ! 
 how could she forget about him ? 
 she watched the bathroom door blankly , hearing declan move around , but not seeing him . 
 tears swelled in her eyes . 
 she always knew she did n't deserve him and the life and happiness he would give her . 
 she was a healer ; one of a kind , and that came with responsibility and duty . 
 but did that life come at a price ? 
 was she destined to be all alone , never having time for a life or love ? 
 the thought of being without declan was painful enough , but what if the dream what was to come ? 
 what if her obligations to her job outweighed everything ? 
 what if declan got mad and left her because she was n't paying attention to him ? 
 worries flooded her mind as she envisioned the worst possible scenario . 
 her chest heaved with panic . 
 he would leave her and find someone else . 
 she would be alone forever . 
 declan came out of the bathroom , and even though the room was dark , the bathroom light cast a glow across the room . 
 the tiredness in her eyes and the darkness outside told her she did n't sleep long . 
 declan was rubbing his hair with a towel when he looked over at the bed , and then paused when he saw willow was awake and staring right at him . 
 declan was very still for a moment as he watched her silently . 
 he saw something in her eyes . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 willow cleared her throat , trying to remain calm ... trying to keep it together . 
 she would not ball her eyes out in front of him , but that stupid lump was still in her throat ! 
 `` nothing , '' she managed to say . 
 declan was wearing shorts , but had his shirt off . 
 he approached the bed , and her heart thrummed with every step he took ; a sure sign that she was in deep trouble . 
 `` tell me . '' 
 she finally looked away from those hazel eyes that could melt her soul and said , `` bad dream . '' 
 willow felt the bed dip when declan sat down close to her . 
 he reached out and touched her hair , combing through the curls with his hand , twirling the ends with his fingers . 
 willow squeezed her eyes shut when the tears almost fell out of her eyes , giving away the state she was in . 
 her body was betraying her . 
 she did n't want him to see her cry . 
 she did n't want him to know anything about her dream . 
 `` why 'd you take a shower ? '' 
 she said switching the subject off of her . 
 she was good at doing it when the opportunity presented itself . 
 it got her thinking about other things , too . 
 a win-win . 
 `` could n't sleep . '' 
 declan lowered his voice , `` let 's get out of here . 
 diazinon gave us the go ahead to leave , so what 's stopping us ? 
 we can get back , use magic to get out of the everwild because i 'm not going through that death trap again , then figure out how we can save your sisters . 
 once we 're under the protection of the emerald circle and all the other covens who have our allegiance , we 're safe . 
 you 'll be safe . '' 
 willow smiled slightly at declan 's assured confidence . 
 that was what made him so attractive . 
 even if he was arrogant at times , his i-can-do-anything attitude fueled his power and added to his charm . 
 willow leaned back on her hands and her eyes roamed declan 's half naked body leisurely . 
 he was enough of a distraction to switch her thoughts off her dream , but with his shirt off , it was pure torture . 
 it was n't her fault that her eyes just automatically sought him out , but abs and muscles like his just could n't be ignored . 
 on top of that , declan was still wet . 
 his body shone like a blazing star in the black sky . 
 his damp hair curled in the wet and it was so hot willow felt her face heating up . 
 declan smirked when he caught her gawking at him and inched closer to her-the heat rising even more . 
 `` like what you see ? '' 
 his voice was a whispered caress . 
 `` um ... '' she cleared her throat and her face flushed red . 
 her response gave her attraction away , though . 
 she could n't look in his eyes . 
 if she did , she would be a goner . 
 but if she kept staring at declan 's body , she would want to do more than just look . 
 she would want to touch , and explore , and taste , and ... . 
 declan leaned even closer to willow . 
 the distance between them was almost non-existent . 
 he brushed her hair behind her shoulders and gripped the back of her neck with his hand and squeezed hard as if to say , `` do n't move , stay like this . '' 
 he was going in for a kiss ! 
 willow 's stomach flip-flopped and her heart murmured in agreement and anticipation . 
 `` if you 're mouth is unable to answer , '' he said , his lips tickling hers as he talked , `` i have a better use for them . '' 
 just as his lips closed the distance and formed to hers , the door burst open and they both jumped apart in surprise looking towards the door . 
 `` chase ! '' 
 willow screamed and scurried off the bed towards the human form of the werewolf . 
 she ran into his arms and chase embraced her in a large bear hug , picking her up off the floor . 
 willow was so excited that she did n't notice when declan came up . 
 he cleared his throat loudly and willow stiffened in chase 's arms . 
 crap . 
 and , of course , chase could n't let something like that go unnoticed . 
 chuckling , he said , `` sorry to take your girl away from you , warlock . 
 i have that affect , you know . 
 just part of my sexy , girl ca n't resist allure . 
 no hard feelings , though . '' 
 willow squirmed out of chase 's hold and he reluctantly let her go . 
 she tucked her hair behind her ears and looked at declan embarrassed . 
 `` sorry , '' she said and went to hold his hand . 
 declan did n't seem mad , but took her hand all the same and turned to chase . 
 the first thing out of his mouth almost made willow burst out laughing . 
 `` what the hell are you doing here , wolf ? '' 
 chase rolled his eyes and gestured to his body . 
 `` as you can see , i 'm not a wolf right now . '' 
 `` whatever . 
 stop avoiding the question and answer it . '' 
 willow could n't help but smile . 
 it was back to the old chase and declan frustrated arguments . 
 `` you know how the fey can be really stupid sometimes ? 
 i know that a lot of people think they 're the most powerful supernatural beings out there , but that 's not everyone 's opinion . 
 this one time ... '' `` get to the point ! '' 
 declan and willow exclaimed at the same time . 
 chase laughed and shook his head which ruffled the black hair on top of his head . 
 `` wow that was weird . 
 okay , here 's the point . 
 the fey forgot one little aspect of werewolves when they 're in wolf form . 
 we can communicate no matter how far away we are . 
 telepathically , '' he wagged his eyebrows and pointed to his temple . 
 `` at least one member of the pack is in wolf form at all times just in case something like this happens . 
 long story short , my alpha is storming the keep as we speak , along with my pack . 
 he found out how the fey played me and he 's ... well ... really pissed off . 
 king diazinon is all worked up and the magical hold on me was released so i can shift now . 
 probably without meaning to , i 'm guessing , but the king has got a lot on his mind right now , '' chase crossed his arms smugly . 
 `` your pack is trying to break through the barrier to diazinon 's kingdom ? '' 
 willow screeched . 
 `` that 'll start a war ! '' 
 `` psh , '' chase waved her off , `` the fey deserve it , and we 're not the only ones who think that . '' 
 now willow was the one to cross her arms . 
 `` you 're such a troublemaker chase . '' 
 `` you think this was all me ? 
 healer , i may be the sprinkles on top , but i 'm not the whole cake , okay ? '' 
 declan huffed beside her . 
 `` we 're leaving , wolf . 
 do you know the way outta here ? '' 
 `` oh ... yea , '' chase said . 
 `` that reminds me . 
 the reason why i 'm here ... . 
 there 's word in the court that hekate found out about your talisman and she 's royally pissed off . 
 she 's sending her people here to collect you . 
 so we got ta book it out of here , pronto ! '' 
 `` chase ! '' 
 willow cried . 
 `` why did n't you tell us this before ? '' 
 `` because you guys distracted me ! 
 asking all sorts of questions and shit ! '' 
 chase said . 
 `` now come on ! 
 i know the way out of the castle . 
 there 's a back entrance with a tunnel that leads directly back to the everwild . 
 we do n't have to go through the streets and the crystal cave . 
 hurry ! '' 
 even as he was speaking , declan ran to the drawers and quickly pulled out a shirt and threw it on . 
 it was kind-of tight , but it worked . 
 he rushed up to willow , grabbed her hand , and they were out of the bedroom in less than two minutes . 
 chase ran down the long corridor with declan and willow on his heels . 
 for the first time in a long time , willow felt free . 
 even though diazinon was n't technically holding them prisoner anymore , she felt trapped in his kingdom . 
 getting out of that bedroom was a relief in itself . 
 declan had a strong grip on her hand , and as they ran down twisting staircases and long hallways , she noticed that the once filled castle was now vacant . 
 there were no fey or centaurs , fey knights , or any creature in sight . 
 `` where is everybody ? '' 
 willow asked . 
 `` helping to protect the magic that surrounds their kingdom , '' chase said without looking back . 
 `` fairies are powerful in their magic , but so are werewolves . 
 we find the weak points and attack as a unit . 
 eventually , we can penetrate through the barriers for good old fashioned combat . '' 
 `` how many of you are there ? '' 
 she wondered . 
 `` our pack runs about two hundred members , give or take , '' chase said looking around . 
 he slowed down as they neared a long staircase that dropped deep into the ground . 
 he looked at willow before continuing and said , `` you know , if you 're so interested in werewolves , how about you dump this loser and hang out with me ? 
 i 've got a lifetime of knowledge , and we can spend the rest of our lives learning about each other 's ways ... '' `` in your dreams , wolf boy , '' willow said and started down the steps after him . 
 `` you 're always in my dreams , my sweet healing witch girl , '' chase said . 
 his voice echoed off the walls that were beginning to look like the inside of a mountain . 
 dark , rocky , and dank , the surroundings made her feel claustrophobic , as if the walls were slowly getting narrower and narrower the further they traveled down . 
 willow 's heart picked up speed as they made it to the bottom and all she saw ahead of her was a dark and narrow path . 
 they were once again plunged in darkness . 
 `` this is it , folks . 
 you 're one stop shot to get out of fey kingdom . '' 
 `` we do n't need a freaking play-by-play , '' declan growled . 
 `` just hurry . 
 i feel like something 's coming . '' 
 willow shrunk closer to declan and took his arm . 
 a breeze blew from the other end of the tunnel , and it was cold and chilling . 
 `` ah , this feels so familiar ! '' 
 chase 's voice reverberated off the stone walls . 
 `` the amazing trio is together again . 
 we 're capable of defeating any enemy that dare challenge us ! '' 
 `` you know , '' declan told willow , `` i did n't miss him one bit . '' 
 willow giggled . 
 chase 's growl rumbled off the walls . 
 `` i heard that . '' 
 they traveled down the tunnel until they came to a three way junction . 
 to the left were flickering lights . 
 the one straight ahead was completely dark , and the hallway to the right of them had a strange red glow to it . 
 chase stopped and rubbed his head sighing deeply . 
 this was n't a good sign . 
 `` which way ? '' 
 willow asked , looking behind her in the darkness . 
 there was no movement , but that did n't mean something was n't there . 
 `` shh , '' chase told her . 
 `` i 'm listening . '' 
 he turned around and faced the two . 
 `` my instincts are telling me straight , but there 's a breeze that 's to the right . 
 that always indicates fresh air coming in from somewhere . '' 
 `` i thought you knew the way out of here ! '' 
 declan declared frustrated . 
 `` i do , i just do n't exactly remember this part ... '' `` great ! 
 i 've just about had it with you , wolf ! 
 you ca n't lead us anywhere for shit ! 
 you call yourself a werewolf ? 
 you 're nothing more than a good for nothing -- '' `` aha ! '' 
 chase interrupted as if he never heard declan 's rant . 
 either that , or he was smart enough to ignore him . 
 `` right we go . 
 as gandalf always says , ` when in doubt , peregrin took , follow your nose ' . '' 
 `` who 's gandalf ? '' 
 willow whispered to declan . 
 he rolled his eyes and continued to follow chase once again . 
 they walked at a faster pace . 
 willow felt like she was being followed . 
 she kept glancing over her shoulder , feeling like eyes were on her back . 
 declan could feel it too . 
 he was tense and had his magic zinging next to her . 
 willow could feel him tapping into his magic and decided to do the same . 
 the talisman on her wrist glowed faintly and she felt absolutely incredible . 
 her magic came to life inside her faster than before . 
 it coursed in her veins , igniting under her skin at the ready . 
 of course , her magic was only as good as the spells she cast , which is why becoming a second degree was so important . 
 there was a plethora of information she had n't even learned yet ; her magic only touched the surface of the great depth that dealt with her race . 
 powerful defensive spells was on the top of that list . 
 her sisters were nearly one hundred years old and were still learning spells that seconds can cast . 
 so of course , she felt highly vulnerable at the moment . 
 finally , willow saw a light at the end of the tunnel . 
 they booked it to get there , the light becoming more and more intense until they burst forth into a great hall and came to a screeching halt . 
 a small group of fey soldiers stood at the entrance into the everwild . 
 a tall open archway that showed the gloomy trees beyond was blocked by the guards . 
 standing in the front of the group was none other than eeydyn . 
 cool , calm , and collected , eeydyn nonchalantly rubbed the long , sharp fairy blade in his hand and never even looked up when they entered the hall . 
 when he finally did , his silver eyes flashed mischievously and his wicked grin darkened the air around them . 
 `` going somewhere ? '' 
 he asked looking to each of the three standing there shell shocked . 
 declan moved to block willow with half his body . 
 `` how about through that door you 're blocking , fairy boy ? '' 
 chase snarled . 
 eeydyn smiled . 
 `` chase ! 
 how good it is to see you back as the petulant human again . 
 it really is a shame how you have to be half human , since humans are so ignorant and impossibly unexceptional in every way . '' 
 `` just let us through , eeydyn ! 
 we have permission to leave your territory ! '' 
 `` my king says otherwise , '' eeydyn said and approached them . 
 `` you see , you killed his precious pet , and well , that was unforgiveable . 
 besides , hekate 's retrievers are nearly here . 
 they 'll want to see the healer , and i have orders to follow . 
 and i always follow through with orders . '' 
 `` well , there 's always a first time that you 'll fail , eeydyn . '' 
 `` not today , '' eeydyn said and approached them like a jungle cat ready to pounce on his wounded prey . 
 `` oh yea ? 
 you may have an army , but i have a pack ! '' 
 chase yelled and shifted into wolf form where he howled and snarled viciously . 
 his teeth dripped saliva and his hackles were up , sauntering slowly up to the fairy , assessing him , keeping him in his narrowed sight . 
 chase howled again ; a loud , deafening cry . 
 soon , it was followed by several more howls and deep , rolling growls . 
 eeydyn turned back in shock to see that ten wolves were running full speed towards the exit on the everwild side of the archway . 
 chase took that lack of awareness and pounced on eeydyn , who tumbled backwards to the hard floor . 
 chase snapped at eeydyn 's face , but he blocked him with the blade of his sword just in time , almost slicing chase 's muzzle until chase dodged him and clawed at eeydyn 's arm to get him to release his sword . 
 eeydyn scurried out from under chase and back-flipped up to his feet . 
 fury was behind the fairies ' eyes as he charged at chase . 
 chase quickly looked at declan and willow and motioned with his head to leave and went back to fighting the fairy . 
 the fairy guards were busy warding off the other wolves in chase 's pack , and it was an all-together terrifying and breathtaking experience . 
 willow and declan dodged wolves left and right . 
 they were massive in size , coming to the waist and even shoulders of some of the guards . 
 there were wolves of all different colors ; red , white , black , brown . 
 they hunted as a unit and it was obviously so . 
 willow saw that when one wolf was struggling , another wolf came to his aide in seconds . 
 they were communicating through telepathy , and a couple times willow would see a wolf cock his head or nod to another as they listened to each other 's thoughts . 
 the fairies were overwhelmed by the power and dominance the wolves portrayed . 
 they tried fighting and using magic , but it was hard to aim at the wolves that were so fast and expertly dodged the hits . 
 when the fairies were confronted at such a short distance it was more difficult for them to conjure and maneuver their magic to not hit their own people . 
 declan pulled willow along the walls of the hall and after much effort , made it to the exit . 
 they stepped on the grass of the everwild and never looked back . 
 a longing suddenly pulled at willow 's heart as she heard a great yelp coming from inside the cave . 
 one of the wolves was hurt ! 
 her healer instincts perked up and her feet started to move back inside until declan gripped her waist and held her back . 
 `` they 'll be fine , willow tree . 
 it 's us we need to worry about now . '' 
 `` but what about chase ? '' 
 `` what about him ? 
 he can handle himself . 
 i 'm sure he 's been through worse before . 
 in fact , i would n't doubt it . 
 please just come with me . '' 
 `` please ? '' 
 willow asked and allowed declan to pull her deeper into the forest . 
 `` was that an actual please i just heard ? 
 wow , declan , you usually just tell me what to do . '' 
 `` are you mad that i asked you nicely ? '' 
 he laughed , `` would you like me to tell you what to do ? 
 ` cause i 'd be more than happy to . '' 
 `` no , no . 
 i like this declan better . '' 
 as declan and willow climbed over branches and ducked under sticky brambles , the sounds of all fighting had ceased until there was only silence . 
 but there was still an eerie feeling hanging in the air . 
 willow was getting finicky and turned to look behind her every so often . 
 `` declan , should i summon my broom ? '' 
 willow asked him stopping . 
 they were out of fey territory now , so it should be safe to use magic . 
 the magic protecting the fairy lands would stop them from using their own magic . 
 if willow summoned her broom , it would return to willow in a matter of minutes , flying through the sky at lightening speed to reach her and they would be able to get out of the everwild for good . 
 they walked a bit further , until the spacing between trees grew sparse . 
 `` okay , summon your broom , '' declan said . 
 willow closed her eyes and whispered an incantation . 
 when she opened them , declan was right there ! 
 he caught her gasp in his mouth and silenced her with a fierce kiss . 
 declan backed her up into a tree and willow 's hand automatically reached up and grabbed his neck , pulling him closer to her , but still she was n't close enough . 
 declan moaned when she tugged his hair , and willow was suddenly grateful for the tree 's support . 
 they were lost in each other . 
 every time declan kissed her it was like the first time . 
 declan captured her every thought and feeling until the world and all her worries dissolved . 
 his lips were so perfect and his tongue was a wicked tool . 
 declan 's hands moved down her body and squeezed her hips , pushing her harder against the tree . 
 but it felt so good . 
 they did n't notice when slow , winding , tendrils of fog filled the air . 
 suddenly , declan 's hold on her loosened and he stepped back . 
 `` that 's weird , '' she said as they both watched how the fog was rising higher and higher around them . 
 `` fog at this time ? '' 
 declan asked . 
 `` that is weird . 
 wait a minute , '' he said desperately and looked at willow with wide eyes . 
 `` go willow ! 
 run ! '' 
 she heard him say , but it sounded sluggish and deep , like it was n't his voice at all . 
 `` do n't breathe it in ! '' 
 `` what ? 
 why ? '' 
 willow asked when declan grabbed her hand and made a mad dash to escape the fog . 
 but it was too late . 
 willow had instinctively breathed the fog in , and she breathed it in deeply . 
 the effects took place immediately . 
 she felt lightheaded and dizzy ; the need to close her eyes was powerful . 
 the fog covered her , floating around her in a white smoke . 
 she could n't see anything in front of her the fog was so thick . 
 somewhere in the distance , she heard a voice calling her name . 
 the voice was smooth and velvety , slithering like the fog swirling around her . 
 she felt declan 's hand on her loosen and release . 
 it was irresistible . 
 there was no way she could fight it . 
 willow closed her eyes , wishing she never had in the first place . 
 chapter 14 the devil within `` as head warlock of the emerald circle , it is with great honor and pleasure that i now pronounce you ... witch and warlock , '' emerson said smirking out at the audience that was gathered for the wedding . 
 hisses and giggles erupted from faceless people in the pews of the church . 
 `` okay , okay , '' he said settling the crowd . 
 `` what i meant to say was ... i now pronounce you man and wife . 
 declan , you may kiss the one you love . '' 
 declan turned towards his bride all dressed in white . 
 her beautiful off-the-shoulder couture gown flowed elegantly down the stairs as all eyes focused on her and the beauty she was . 
 declan was beaming and dressed to the tee in a black tux . 
 his silky hair was gelled in a messy look and he was radiating happiness . 
 he lifted the veil that hid the bride 's face and lowered his head to take the lips of the one who possessed his heart and soul in every way imaginable . 
 somewhere in the distance , a horror-filled scream resonated in the air , but the two lovers on the stage paid no attention to it , as if the sound was n't really there . 
 willow realized the screaming was coming from her , for the bride that declan was now kissing with fervent passion was not her . 
 `` stop ! 
 declan ! 
 i love you ! 
 do n't do this ! 
 she 's not the one ! 
 i thought you wanted me ! 
 i thought you loved me ! '' 
 her screaming grew desperate as the ceremony continued . 
 no one turned around to look at her . 
 no one even noticed she was there . 
 the married couple turned to the crowd , and with clasped hands , raised them in the air . 
 the crowd erupted in applause at the happy moment , but all willow could do was cry her heart out . 
 her very soul felt like it was crushing her as she collapsed to meet the cold black floor . 
 willow slowly uncurled herself from the floor to see that she was no longer at the wedding . 
 no one was around-just a black void . 
 she sat on the ground and looked around her , but all she saw was darkness . 
 slowly , a dim lighting illuminated the surroundings and she found herself in a forest . 
 it was n't the everwild . 
 the everwild was evil and had warped trees and such foulness in the air that only the wicked could tolerate . 
 this forest was very pleasant with the sounds of birds and lush green grass and healthy looking trees , flowers bloomed and bees and bugs thrived in the paradise haven . 
 ahead of her was a small cottage . 
 the exact same one she had seen in a vision earlier . 
 it was the cottage where she would set up her healing services to those in need . 
 she looked around her and stood up . 
 no one was here . 
 not yet . 
 slowly , heart pounding softly in her chest , she walked towards the cottage . 
 with each step she took , her heart grew heavier and heavier . 
 she was dying inside . 
 a deep loneliness she had yet felt penetrated so deep within her that she had to wail out loud . 
 tears came faster than possible and fell down her cheeks . 
 declan was n't here . 
 her sisters were gone . 
 then , hekate 's voice spoke in her head . 
 `` you will never get what you want . 
 you will be all alone forever . 
 so give me your powers so you can have your happiness , or be alone and die alone ! '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 willow screamed even as she felt completely empty inside . 
 just as she was reaching for the handle to open the cottage door , she heard voices talking about her . 
 `` i think she 's coming to , '' a deep voice said . 
 `` ah , finally ... i was beginning to worry , '' a voice like emerson 's said . 
 `` declan will want to know she 's waking . 
 henry , go tell him will you ? '' 
 `` sure thing , boss , '' the voice answered and then the door closed . 
 `` willow , can you hear me ? '' 
 willow pried her heavy eyes open and stared straight into the faces of emerson aldridge and bane . 
 the scowl on bane 's face was something mixed with hate and surprise . 
 emerson 's gray eyes softened dramatically and the crinkles around his eyes squished together as he attempted to smile . 
 `` welcome back to the world of the living , willow . '' 
 he said . 
 `` do you think you can sit up ? '' 
 willow was on a comfortable mattress with a white sheet covering her . 
 when she sat up , her head spun momentarily , it cleared and she felt perfectly fine . 
 she turned her gaze and opened her mouth to speak when emerson halted her . 
 `` i know your little head is swirling with questions , but you just woke up . 
 food , shower , a little rest first and then -- '' `` willow ! '' 
 declan 's voice stopped her heart when he burst through the door in front of her . 
 she smiled as declan pushed the two large warlocks out of the way and wrapped her up in a tight hug . 
 she hugged him back and savored the feel of him . 
 when she opened her eyes , she saw emerson and bane with crossed arms looking at each other across the bed with fierce expressions on their faces , like they were silently communicating something . 
 they noticed her watching them and quickly masked their expressions , but not before willow saw that strange exchange between the two of them . 
 declan pulled back and cupped her face . 
 `` are you okay ? 
 i was so worried about you . 
 you were asleep for two days ! 
 my dad -- '' he looked over his shoulder with a frown , `` would n't let me see you . '' 
 `` as was necessary for the situation , '' emerson chimed in behind them . 
 declan 's back was now turned to his father , so he rolled his eyes and willow suppressed a smile , but she felt weird . 
 she was asleep for two days ? 
 it felt like minutes . 
 `` bane and i will be in my study . 
 declan , there 's something important we need to discuss now that you two are back . 
 willow , i want you to clean up and eat . 
 be ready to recount the tale of how you came to get your talisman and ultimately started a war with the fey . '' 
 willow 's mouth dropped open at his brashness and declan jumped off the bed with his hands in fists . 
 `` dad ! 
 that was n't our fault and you know it ! 
 i told you what happened ! 
 it was the damn werewolves ! '' 
 `` declan ... go to my office . 
 now . 
 there 's much to discuss . '' 
 `` i 'll be right behind you . 
 i want to talk to willow for a minute . '' 
 declan was pissed and it showed on his face . 
 his brow was furrowed and his mouth was turned down in a deepened scowl . 
 willow did n't realize how intimidating declan and his father could be when they were angry . 
 emerson stared at declan for a few tense moments before turning to leave . 
 when he reached the door , he turned around and lifted a corner of his mouth . 
 `` congratulations , willow . 
 i 'm happy you received your talisman and showed hekate that there 's much more to you than she will ever know . 
 see you in a while . '' 
 willow muttered a quiet thank you . 
 she could tell emerson was a very formal , very rule abiding man . 
 he was powerful , but strict , only wanting things his way . 
 she could see how the hotheaded declan and his father probably had many clashed opinions and battles of will under his leadership . 
 once emerson left , declan exhaled deeply and then practically flew into the bed with willow . 
 willow squealed when declan covered her body with his . 
 `` declan what are you -- '' she began to say , but then was swallowed by his kiss . 
 when he pulled back , she was breathing heavily , trying to catch her breath . 
 `` glad i can take your breath away , '' declan said and sat up . 
 he twined his fingers through willow 's . 
 `` when you crush me with your body and cut off my air supply , then yes , i 'd say you definitely took my breath away , '' willow responded sarcastically . 
 `` so my kisses do n't satisfy you anymore ? 
 hmm , i 'm gon na have to step up my game , '' he said playfully . 
 `` how about you just tell me how we are in your house ? 
 one minute i 'm in the everwild and then poof ! 
 we 're back here ! 
 i mean , i know i 'm totally the best witch out there , but even my magic does n't teleport me wherever i want to go . 
 what happened ? '' 
 declan smiled . 
 `` what , my beautiful healer girlfriend does n't believe that her man can deliver ? '' 
 `` you 're saying you did this ? '' 
 `` well ... '' he said pinching his fingers together . 
 `` i may have had a slight part to play in it . '' 
 `` stop playing around and just tell me , or my lips and your lips may have to momentarily break up . '' 
 `` okay , it 'll have to be quick , since apparently my dad has something important to tell me . '' 
 he rolled his eyes again and lifted his fingers in air quotations . 
 he obviously did not care what his dad did or did not want him to do . 
 `` here 's a quickie , '' he said and wagged his eyebrows suggestively . 
 `` dec -- '' `` okay , okay . 
 you summoned your broom and then the fog hit us in the everwild . 
 well , that was no ordinary fog . 
 it was mindstorm-fog of hallucination . 
 someone conjured it while we were making out , '' he smiled wide at that last part . 
 `` hekate 's minions were extremely close to us , conjuring the fog quickly as a way to hinder us so when they got there , we 'd be so far gone that they could snatch us . 
 they were literally minutes away from reaching us before i could get us out . '' 
 `` no way ! '' 
 willow said stunned . 
 `` i remember learning about mindstorm . 
 you see and feel things that are n't there . 
 it 's dangerous stuff ! 
 people can get trapped in their own minds for years , never snapping out of it and -- '' `` and nothing . 
 we escaped . 
 no big deal . '' 
 `` but how ? '' 
 `` you have to know what you 're dealing with . 
 i 've had training with that stuff before so i knew how to counter it . 
 all you do is tell yourself it is n't real and then it just becomes the typical , very normal , fog . 
 of course , it 's harder to do than you think ; took me a couple months to master it . '' 
 `` okay ... '' willow said slowly putting the pieces together . 
 `` so , you were able to fight it , found me and a way to get us both home before we were taken ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' he said slowly . 
 `` something like that . 
 listen , baby , i got ta go or else my dad 's gon na come get me , and that wo n't be a good thing . '' 
 declan stood up and stretched lazily , but before he started to walk away , willow grabbed his arm desperately . 
 `` declan ... this mindstorm ... '' she sighed and slightly shuddered at remembering the vivid images she experienced , especially hearing hekate 's voice again in her mind . 
 what was that about ? 
 `` none of the things i saw were real , or would be real , like in the future or something , right ? '' 
 declan paused and looked down at her contemplating . 
 his hazel eyes searched her face in brief concern , then he leaned down and hugged her . 
 `` nothing you saw was real , baby , '' he said and kissed her quickly . 
 `` what did you see that 's making you so scared ? '' 
 willow waved him off , `` the usual death and despair ... '' declan shrugged , `` then it definitely was n't real . 
 i 'm leaving now . 
 you going to be okay ? 
 because i could totally stay with you and help you shower ... '' `` just go , declan , '' willow shoved him and stood out of the bed . 
 declan wrapped her in a tight hug and whispered `` i love you '' in her ear , which sent a shudder to cascade down her spine . 
 he still affected her with a single touch . 
 declan turned and left laughing under his breath . 
 she found a neat pile of clothes on the nightstand for her and she made her way to clean up in the bathroom . 
 a soft tapping on the bedroom door alerted her . 
 she opened it , expecting declan or his mother . 
 it was bane . 
 he stood at least six foot five and filled the doorframe with his masculine shape . 
 as he crossed his arms -lrb- that were more like small tree trunks -rrb- , he leaned against the frame and regarded willow with narrowed eyes . 
 he did n't smile or show any emotion in his face whatsoever , besides the occasional widening of his beady eyes . 
 willow had to take a step back as bane 's presence simultaneously overwhelmed and intimated her . 
 `` hello bane , '' willow said slowly . 
 `` are you supposed to take me to see emerson ? 
 because it 's okay , i know where his office is ... '' bane smirked slightly at her comment and then his face darkened . 
 `` no , '' he said and stepped inside the bedroom and closed the door . 
 willow 's guard immediately went up , just as alarm bells were ringing in her head . 
 she backed up even more to give her space between them , but concept of personal space seemed to flee him as he advanced on her . 
 `` my job was simple , '' he began in a gruff voice , `` and i failed her . '' 
 `` her ? '' 
 willow 's voice was shaky . 
 she already knew who `` her '' was before he even said it . 
 `` hekate , '' bane hissed the name . 
 `` i was supposed to go with you through the portal to the everwild . 
 but we were never supposed to find your talisman . 
 i was supposed to take you directly to her once i got you alone . 
 but your insolent , obstinate boyfriend stepped in the way ! 
 he took my place ! 
 i could n't just go after you , not with emerson and the rest of the circle breathing down my back . '' 
 willow 's breathing increased . 
 she glanced around him to the door , nearly five feet from her . 
 could she make a break for it ? 
 bane continued watching her with his dark eyes . 
 `` how you managed to survive the everwild and achieve your talisman is beyond me . 
 but brace yourself , willow rose , because your luck has just run out . 
 here 's what 's going to happen . 
 to punish declan for the son-of-a-bitch he is , i have convinced emerson to send him to darkmeer academy ... tonight . 
 it was only too easy . 
 declan is a powerful warlock , but he knows nothing ! 
 his spells are basic at best . 
 he contributes nothing without knowledge , plus , he 'll be out of the way and wo n't ruin my plan again ! '' 
 `` you 've been working with hekate this whole time ? '' 
 willow declared , shell shocked and frozen in place . 
 her body shuddered as fear penetrated through her veins , speeding her heart . 
 she wanted nothing more than to run into declan 's arms and have emerson kill the man towering before her . 
 `` you 're so naive , healer . 
 do you really think you can beat hekate , queen of witches ? 
 she 's more powerful than any magic caster that has ever lived , even emerson himself ! 
 you ca n't even imagine the power she possesses . 
 and now , my queen desires her prize : you . 
 and once i deliver you to her , i shall take my place as king among the magic casters ! '' 
 `` you wo n't get away with this , bane ! '' 
 willow said , `` declan -- '' `` get it through your head , willow ! 
 declan does n't matter ! 
 in fact , the only reason he 's dating you is because of your newfound celebrity status . 
 think about it ; declan only started liking you when he found out you were a healer . 
 the rarest of powers lies with a girl his age . 
 he could n't pass up the opportunity to look good in front of his friends and the circle ! 
 you are no more than a pawn in his scheme to earn his daddy 's love and respect . '' 
 `` you 're lying ! '' 
 willow yelled and stepped back , but she could n't go any further , because she had backed up right into the bedroom wall opposite of the door . 
 there was no escape . 
 `` it does n't matter , anyway , because you 're going to break whatever it is you have with him off . 
 he 's going to the academy . 
 and you 're going with me to see hekate . '' 
 `` i 'll tell emerson , '' willow threatened , `` i 'll tell -- '' willow gasped when bane pressed his hard body into her and wrapped his thick hand around her neck , cutting off her air supply . 
 his grip was just tight enough to allow some oxygen through for her to remain coherent . 
 `` if you say one word about this , i 'll kill declan myself . 
 right here . 
 right now . '' 
 bane spat in her face . 
 `` here 's what you 're going to do . 
 you will go in emerson 's office , be the good little witch that you are , and send him off . 
 if you breathe a word to emerson about this , his son is dead . 
 got it ? '' 
 willow inhaled and coughed when bane finally released her . 
 bane turned his back on her and started walking to the door . 
 `` why are n't you taking me to hekate now ? 
 why do i even have to go to emerson 's office ? '' 
 willow 's voice was thick with tears . 
 she thought she was safe now . 
 she thought the stronghold of the emerald circle would protect her . 
 but there were wolves among the sheep and she was looking directly at one . 
 bane stiffened at her question and then turned around to face her . 
 `` because the whole damn place is surrounded by the circle and protective spells ! 
 i take you off the grounds now , it alerts everybody and i wo n't make it to hekate . 
 i do n't have an emerald to transport us , so i 'll be caught . 
 no . 
 we go when i say we go . 
 now , come with me to emerson 's office , '' bane said and opened the door waiting for her . 
 fighting back the tears that were on the verge of spilling out of her eyes , willow walked towards bane . 
 bane gripped her upper arm excruciatingly tight and willow bit down on her lips to keep from crying out in pain . 
 `` i 'm your official body guard , bitch , '' bane said in a deep , hateful voice as he pulled her down the hallway towards emerson 's office . 
 getting closer , she heard raised voices and what sounded like something breaking . 
 emerson must 've told declan the news that he was leaving for the academy . 
 a nervous , sickening feeling filled her gut when she realized what she was about to do . 
 she had to make declan believe she did n't want him , so that he could go . 
 but that was farthest from the truth . 
 she wanted declan by her side , always . 
 but the massive warlock beside her would kill him if she spoke up ! 
 would declan understand that she had to break up with him to save his life ? 
 she could only hope . 
 just as bane opened the door to emerson 's office , a vase flew over their heads and shattered on the wall behind them . 
 willow winced and then stopped in her tracks to take in the destruction surrounding her . 
 papers were scattered everywhere on the floor , chairs were upturned and smoke was coming from one of the charred cushions on the couch . 
 emerson 's desk was sawed in half and the wood was splintered and jagged . 
 emerson was standing with his arms crossed and was frowning . 
 declan was plastered against the wall with his arms forced down into visible binding rings . 
 each wrist and ankle had a vibrant , pulsating orange ring around them , holding declan in place . 
 it was clear who caused the damage and willow had never realized how intense declan 's temper was until this moment . 
 sure , they had their fair share of arguments and disagreements , but destroying his father 's office was pushing the limits . 
 passionate was an understatement when it came to him . 
 declan turned to face bane and willow and his eyes brightened instantly upon seeing her . 
 when willow saw his expression , the only thing she wanted to do was curl up in his arms , let him hold her , and forget about everything . 
 but the truth was she was n't safe and cold , heart stopping fear was the only thing penetrating her body . 
 `` bane ! 
 how nice of you to join us , '' emerson said not taking his eyes off declan , `` thank you for escorting willow here . '' 
 `` i take it you told him the news , sir ? '' 
 bane said and finally let go of willow 's arm . 
 she wanted to rub it , but did n't want to draw attention to her hurting arm since declan 's eyes were drilled on her . 
 any move she made and he would 've seen . 
 she nearly sighed in relief when she felt tiny tingles and warmth radiating from her arm as her body was healing itself . 
 she could really get use to this power . 
 it seemed her body healed faster than others since she was one with the power . 
 `` i did , '' emerson said nodding . 
 `` he refuses . '' 
 `` i 'm not leaving her ! '' 
 declan declared from his position on the wall . 
 his cry was nearly hysterical . 
 bane turned a heated gaze on declan . 
 `` how can you protect her with mediocre spells ? 
 how can you benefit the circle without the knowledge and skills you 'll learn at darkmeer ? 
 you 're not a soldier against hekate , declan . 
 you 're not as powerful as you think you are . '' 
 `` now , bane , '' emerson mocked scolded his greatest ally , `` that was n't nice . '' 
 then he looked at declan , `` but true all the same . 
 declan , you are going along with all the other young warlocks of this circle . 
 we can not delay your training any more . 
 i understand you just got back from your adventure in the everwild . 
 but you must 've realized during that time that it was very difficult for you to perform spells when the time came for it . 
 am i correct in this ? '' 
 declan did n't respond to his father . 
 in fact , he could n't take his eyes off willow . 
 she squirmed uncomfortably under his gaze . 
 did he want her to defend him ? 
 `` what will you do with willow ? '' 
 declan finally asked . 
 it was in a calm , deadly voice , as if the rage was just boiling under his skin and he could erupt at any moment . 
 `` bane has agreed to escort her to carmela , '' emerson sighed . 
 `` the circle has not been idle while you two were gone . 
 we have discovered that hekate not only hid the talisman from willow , but she also displaced the key that will unlock the box of souls that she keeps with her . 
 in order to free your sisters , we have to find the key . 
 and who knows more of finding magical objects than our beloved seeker carmela . '' 
 willow whipped her head around to gawk at the head warlock . 
 `` that does n't make any sense ! '' 
 willow argued . 
 `` why is hekate doing this ? 
 why did n't she just keep the talisman and the key with her ? 
 what does she gain by sending us on another wild goose chase ? '' 
 emerson shrugged . 
 `` we believe ... and hope ... that hekate is afraid we will overpower her . 
 if she has all the cards , so to speak , then it would be too easy to attack and claim them all . 
 if she hid the objects in dangerous places , such as the everwild with the fey , then there 's a chance that we will not recover them and therefore , she wins . 
 it 's illogical at best ... '' `` illogical ? '' 
 willow asked and took a step towards emerson , noticing that bane stepped up with her . 
 `` it 's madness ! '' 
 `` also , while you were gone , '' emerson continued without acknowledging her outburst , `` we have found out that hekate has been gathering an army to stand against us . '' 
 willow glanced sideways at bane , who was still standing close to her . 
 every time she moved , bane moved . 
 it was like he was making sure she would n't do anything to expose him or save herself ; a constant reminder of his threat and treachery . 
 but she held her tongue . 
 she would not allow anyone to die if she could help it . 
 `` so what is to be done ? '' 
 bane asked , still playing the part of second in command to the head warlock . 
 if emerson only knew of his deception ... `` i 've asked the alphas of the surrounding wolf packs to join me tonight to discuss a strategy . 
 the emerald circle is also recruiting not only magic casters , but other creatures that will fight for our cause . 
 as the fey have joined with hekate , at least the fey living in the everwild have , the wolves have agreed to align with us momentarily , as they have a much stronger dislike of fey than us . 
 hekate has grown to be a bigger threat than we could have imagined . 
 her evil has spread and it does n't just affect us anymore . 
 the alphas are arriving tonight , bane will take willow to carmela , and i hope to have our boys off the grounds and flying to darkmeer within the hour . '' 
 emerson glanced at declan . 
 `` i have to lift the defenses of the perimeter to allow the wolves in , which leaves us vulnerable during that time . 
 i do not want willow here , then . 
 bane and willow should be back by the time i 'm done with the meeting . '' 
 willow 's heart exponentially beat faster . 
 this was it . 
 bane was going to take her away , just the two of them ... and she was n't coming back . 
 emerson did n't realize that as soon as hekate had her and extracted her power , all hell would break loose . 
 the war that they believed was coming would come sooner than they realized . 
 `` how can you do this all tonight ? '' 
 declan shouted from his position on the wall . 
 `` it 's bullshit ! '' 
 `` declan ! '' 
 emerson scolded . 
 `` i am the head warlock and leader of the emerald circle . 
 you have no idea the responsibility i have to my people . 
 if i do n't act now , if i do n't get things in motion immediately , it could be the difference between life and death . 
 i ca n't take that chance . '' 
 `` and what if willow wants me here ? 
 why ca n't i escort her to carmela 's ? 
 i have proven myself to her and to the circle by surviving the everwild and helping her achieve her talisman . 
 i am your son and i deserve to have a place among the people ! '' 
 willow nearly gasped at declan 's statements . 
 he did n't mention his love for her or how much she means to him , or anything of the sort . 
 all he mentioned was the circle and how he `` proved '' his worth among his kind . 
 it was just as bane said . 
 did declan even care about her at all , or was he playing her to earn a status among the magic casters ? 
 willow waited for him to say something more , perhaps about how he could n't live without her or he would go to the academy when they had defeated hekate as a team ; together as it should be . 
 but he said nothing ! 
 willow was hurt , was hurting , but she would not allow it to show . 
 `` willow ? '' 
 emerson prompted . 
 willow was lost in her thoughts and did n't realize that everyone had been staring at her . 
 she took a few moments to gather her thoughts and then turned her gaze on declan . 
 without conveying emotion , she said , `` i want him to go . '' 
 declan 's mouth dropped open as a surprised look crossed his face . 
 his eyes narrowed on her . 
 `` why ? '' 
 he asked , in that deadly tone again . 
 willow looked at bane for a second . 
 he had his arms crossed and a corner of his mouth was lifted in slight amusement . 
 he nodded his head slightly , as if telling her to go ahead and break his heart . 
 they were waiting . 
 hekate was waiting ... . 
 willow frowned . 
 she felt defeated , but a sense of determination was somehow keeping her stable as she responded . 
 `` because bane was right ; how can you possibly protect me against hekate ? 
 we barely made it out of the everwild alive . 
 putting my trust in you was a mistake . 
 i 'm in better hands now , declan . 
 i think you should just go and try to be a better warlock . '' 
 it was like a slap in the face . 
 declan 's face almost darkened in the room , and he was visibly shaking with rage . 
 `` barely made it out alive ? 
 i saved your ass multiple times ! 
 i fought the damn angont for you and all you have to say to me is go and be a better warlock ? 
 i ca n't believe you , willow tree ! 
 you know how much you mean to me ! 
 you 're telling me that you think everything we went through was a mistake ? '' 
 `` i do n't think ... i know , '' willow said quietly . 
 `` do n't you do this ! 
 do n't shut me out , willow ! '' 
 declan exclaimed . 
 `` just stop , dec , '' willow said , unable to look at him . 
 declan was about to say something in return when emerson cleared his throat . 
 `` i 'm sorry ... to both of you . 
 i somehow wish the situation was better , but we have to deal with what we are given . 
 the alphas will be here within minutes . 
 i need to prepare a new room for us to gather in since this one is destroyed . 
 declan , you have to pack quickly . 
 henry is taking you and the other warlocks to darkmeer at ... '' he looked down at his watch , `` seven . 
 it 's six o’clock now . 
 i 'm releasing you from your bonds . 
 do n't think you 're getting off the hook by what you have done tonight . '' 
 emerson waved his hands and the binding rings disappeared from declan 's body . 
 he rubbed his wrists absentmindedly and then lifted his head and locked eyes on willow 's . 
 they stared into each other 's eyes from across the room and it was as if everyone had disappeared and they were the only two there . 
 the silence was deafening . 
 the look he gave her nearly made willow fall to her knees and beg him to forgive her . 
 betrayal , hurt , confusion , and pain were all mixed up in his expressive hazel eyes . 
 but she had to remain strong . 
 she had to remain cold towards him or he would know how much she was screaming on the inside , how much she wanted him and wished everything was different . 
 `` willow , '' declan addressed her softly . 
 `` do you really want me to go ? 
 do you really not ... want me , anymore ? '' 
 willow gulped . 
 a huge lump in her throat was slowly closing and swallowing her air supply . 
 it hurt . 
 she wanted to cry . 
 he was sincerely asking her if she loved him . 
 she could see his mind trying to work it out , trying to figure out why she was acting this way . 
 but it would never work out . 
 she knew that falling for declan was more dangerous than trekking through the everwild with a giant eat me sign on her back . 
 but she fell for him anyways . 
 and she fell hard . 
 but even if it would kill her inside , she had to let him go . 
 because as her vision showed her , she was destined to be alone and declan was destined to become a powerful warlock , married to another . 
 their lives were going in different directions . 
 and even worse , she did n't even know if she would survive the night . 
 if she confessed her love back , right now , then declan would n't survive the night . 
 bane was a constant presence beside her , and she would not forget his threat . 
 things were more complicated than she could 've possibly imagined . 
 so looking back at declan , directly into his beautiful eyes , she did the thing she would hate herself for . 
 `` please , '' she said shakily . 
 `` just go . '' 
 declan sneered . 
 `` goodbye ... willow tree , '' declan said darkly as he stood up straight . 
 he was back to being the cold-hearted warlock who hated her . 
 the declan she first knew . 
 the declan she knew he was n't . 
 it killed her inside to see him change so quickly . 
 declan nodded to his father formally . 
 `` keep me informed while i 'm gone , father . '' 
 emerson nodded back and willow watched as declan stormed passed her out of the office , slamming the door loudly . 
 willow winced . 
 emerson sighed . 
 `` that boy can be so frustratingly ... . 
 emotional , ca n't he ? '' 
 `` that he can , sir , '' bane agreed . 
 `` sir ... how long will the defenses be down ? '' 
 `` not long , '' emerson said and started walking towards the door . 
 `` the alphas are bringing some of their pack to guard the perimeter of the land while we talk , plus some from the circle have agreed to keep guard . 
 it should n't be more than a few hours , so we should be safe . 
 thank you for taking willow . 
 are you sure you do n't need another of the circle to go with you ? '' 
 bane shook his head . 
 `` no harm will come to her , sir . 
 she will be safe with me . '' 
 it could n't have been farther from the truth . 
 chapter 15 saved by wolves the bright moon blazed white light across the warlock 's terrain as bane tugged and pulled willow to the edge of the forest of evergreen trees on the outskirts of emerson 's domain . 
 it was quiet , until the crying howl of a wolf filled the night sky , echoing and casting chills down her spine . 
 the werewolves have arrived . 
 bane , in sudden urgency , began jogging to reach the cover of the trees . 
 `` bane , will you please stop ? '' 
 willow hissed behind him . 
 she had nearly tripped several times while being harshly dragged around like some animal and could n't take any more . 
 why bane needed to be nearly a mile from emerson 's house before they took off baffled her . 
 `` shut it , healer , '' bane snapped . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 he urged pulling her so hard she stumbled and fell to her knees . 
 bane nearly ripped her shoulder off as he pulled her back on her feet . 
 `` why do we have to go into the forest first ? 
 what are you waiting for ? '' 
 she said with tears of pain stinging her eyes . 
 `` we have to be quiet or else -- '' `` or else what ? '' 
 a very familiar , angry voice halted their retreat . 
 `` scared we 'll sniff out your warlock bullshit ? '' 
 bane fiercely shoved willow backwards and she landed hard on the ground . 
 willow 's heart practically exploded from her chest when she looked up and saw five huge wolves standing just at the edge of a line of trees . 
 smack dab in the middle of it , with his arms crossed and a feral expression on his face was none other than chase hawthorne in human form . 
 willow was so happy to see the werewolf that actual tears started falling from her face . 
 he always showed up at the most convenient time . 
 it was such a shock to see chase , someone she thought she would never see again , that she remained on the ground with her mouth hanging open to take in the magnificent sight . 
 chase looked absolutely menacing standing there with wolves that were practically his height . 
 they formed a semi circle around him as if they were trying to protect their pack-mate in human form . 
 all the wolves looked strong and fit . 
 as they moved , tight muscles rolled just underneath their shiny fur . 
 and now , all the wolves were intently focused on bane , giving her no notice as they watched her captor with careful eyes . 
 their mouths lifted in a snarl . 
 a couple of them had their heads hanging so low that they were in direct line with their vertebrae , as if they were intending to strike . 
 `` in a hurry to go somewhere ? '' 
 chase questioned , never taking his brilliant blue eyes off bane . 
 his deep voice almost sounded like a growl . 
 chase was not in the normal , playful mood like he always was when taunting someone he did n't like . 
 this was strictly business . 
 `` out of the way wolf , '' bane warned . 
 `` and keep your nose out of warlock affairs . '' 
 `` oh for the love ! '' 
 chase said in frustration . 
 `` we are were-wolves . 
 were ... as in ... half human ! 
 you 'd think that a warlock would show a little respect ! 
 but no , the big bad warlock thinks he can talk down to us . 
 as i see it , though , you 're outnumbered , so you might want to keep the insults at a minimum . '' 
 bane looked at chase dangerously . 
 `` get . 
 out . 
 of . 
 my . 
 way . '' 
 `` ca n't do it , '' chase said and stepped towards bane , the wolves simultaneously moving with him . 
 `` you see , it 's our sense of smell that allows us wolves , as you like to call it , smell when evil is close . 
 it 's one of our unique abilities , among our other assets , '' this time , he did look down on willow and smirked a little . 
 willow would 've missed it if she was n't looking directly at his face . 
 she resisted the urge to roll her eyes . 
 `` and right now , you 're giving off a really , really , really disgusting smell . 
 now hand over the healer , and maybe we 'll let you go . '' 
 `` i 'm under direct orders from the head warlock himself , boy , '' bane said unfazed by chase 's threat . 
 the wolves beside chase growled low and dangerous . 
 `` she must see the seeker immediately and i 'm taking her there . 
 now move ! '' 
 `` no , '' chase said and stepped even closer . 
 `` hekate is out there and can probably easily take you on and kidnap her ! '' 
 he pointed to willow . 
 bane was literally turning red with rage . 
 `` oh , wait , '' chase said suddenly and put a finger on his chin like he was thinking , `` come to think of it , hekate really is n't all that powerful . 
 she probably would n't be able to take down such a mighty warlock such as yourself . 
 she 's just an evil little wench who is spoiled and used to getting her way . '' 
 `` no she 's not ! '' 
 bane bellowed . 
 `` how dare you -- '' `` so she really is as powerful as the rumors say ? '' 
 chase interjected . 
 `` yes ! '' 
 `` and honorable in all her intentions ? '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 `` and smart and motivated and just trying to be the best in the world ? '' 
 `` yes , yes ! '' 
 bane said crazily . 
 `` and you 're working for her ? '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 bane drew back and frowned . 
 `` i mean ... no , no i 'm not ! 
 what the -- '' `` seems to me like the cats out of the bag , '' chase said and turned to his pack members . 
 `` see how i did that there ? 
 cat ? 
 get it ? '' 
 the wolves just continued to growl at bane and take cautionary steps forward . 
 chase turned back to the warlock . 
 `` admit it bane . 
 you 're working for the dark queen herself ! '' 
 `` i am not ! '' 
 bane roared and rubbed his hands by his sides that then ignited with a red glow . 
 he was readying his magic . 
 it was dark magic and chase smirked when he confirmed what his instincts have told him . 
 `` you tricked me you little jack ass ! '' 
 `` again ! 
 the wrong animal ! '' 
 chase shouted and then looked smugly at his pack . 
 `` see boys , i knew i smelled a ... oh what animal should i describe now ? 
 that 's it ! 
 a rat ! 
 get him ! '' 
 the wolves jumped but not before the biggest wolf , who stayed by chase 's side , let out an excruciating howl into the night . 
 the others leapt in the air and tackled bane to the ground . 
 bane roared in fury and released his power , sending the wolves flying backwards into the forest . 
 red light flashed as he sent bright plasma balls towards the trees . 
 they caught fire on impact and the wolves barked and ran out of the woods towards him again . 
 bane was poised and ready , a look of wickedness crossing his face . 
 the air darkened around him as he drew in more and more power . 
 he was using dark magic defensive spells , proving how he had turned wicked . 
 `` stay back ! '' 
 bane screamed at the wolves that were closing in on him again . 
 they formed a circle around him , snapping their teeth . 
 their limbs were tight and ready to dodge any magic bane would throw their way . 
 bane 's eyes were wild as he too , turned around in a circle to face each wolf . 
 bane was a third . 
 he was top ranked in the warlock circle , only second to emerson 's power . 
 facing five wolves would be easy for him , and suddenly willow feared for the werewolves ' lives . 
 but just as bane raised his hands to let all hell loose , a loud shouting halted him . 
 willow turned in shock to see emerson , the alphas , and at least three dozen more wolves running full speed towards him . 
 behind the wolves were other warlocks from the circle . 
 bane swirled around and turned on chase . 
 `` you did this ! '' 
 he screamed and threw a plasma ball straight for chase . 
 but chase was ready . 
 he expertly averted the plasma ball and shifted into a wolf in midair , but the plasma ball followed him ! 
 `` run chase ! '' 
 willow cried for him and jumped to her feet . 
 the plasma ball chased the black wolf all over , gaining speed and intensity . 
 it grew into the biggest plasma ball she 'd ever seen . 
 it tailed the wolf who swerved in between the trees , trying to make the ball explode into one of the objects , but it would n't relent . 
 it tailed him . 
 emerson and the others were almost within fighting distance as bane fired lightening and jinxes and all sorts of incantations at the wolves . 
 he hit two that were closest to him and they fell to the ground writhing and squirming in pain . 
 willow screamed . 
 the wolves that were running ahead of the warlocks were finally there trying to attack but bane was hurdling everything within him towards the new attackers , and wolves were falling to the ground like rain . 
 willow 's eyes found chase , who finally managed to make the plasma ball explode in a thicket of small , intertwined trees . 
 the plasma ball only needed to feel the slightest touch of an object and it blasted into fire . 
 the small trees did n't stand a chance , but willow blew out a shaky breath knowing chase had averted the warlock 's directed missile . 
 that was when willow saw the alphas . 
 ten times bigger and thicker than any other wolf , the alphas were like rolling boulders flying towards bane . 
 they could jump at least ten feet before landing again and their snarls were so vicious it had willow shaking where she stood . 
 there were three and they were all different colors . 
 one was red and dark brown with piercing green eyes . 
 the other two had a mix of colors in their fur with glowing yellow eyes . 
 they reached bane in two strides and overpowered him easily . 
 they dodged bane 's attempt to thwart them and tackled him to the ground knocking the wind from him . 
 bane 's head landed hard on the ground and the light in his hands went out momentarily . 
 as soon as that happened , chase rushed up to willow , and they attempted to scurry away from the fight . 
 even though the wolves could distinguish her from bane and the other warlocks , they had surrounded her and if she did n't move away , she was bound to get hurt somehow . 
 chase nudged her in a random direction when suddenly bane woke up and stretched out his hand . 
 he was bleeding from his mouth , and the exposed areas on his arms had deep cuts that gushed out dark red blood . 
 but through his injuries , he somehow managed to draw upon his magic . 
 fear guided willow when she saw the sight and tried running away from everything and into the woods that was mere feet from her . 
 the black wolf was behind her and using his body like a shield to guard her . 
 but it was too late . 
 willow felt the impact of bane 's magic hit her like the target that she was and the next thing she knew she was being whisked away backwards into the air . 
 she collided with bane who had gotten to his feet and twirled her so she was facing his enemy . 
 he pulled her into his body with his thick arm around her waist , and with the other , used his hand to wrap it around her throat . 
 she was caught and there was no way she could get loose . 
 the activity around her instantly died . 
 the wolves stood awkwardly aside , unsure of what to do , and the warlocks were slowly and carefully approaching bane with hands up like they were surrendering . 
 `` come any closer and i 'll kill her ! '' 
 bane shouted madly and began backing away from them . 
 a deep voice made him stop and bane turned to face emerson , whose arm was outstretched and there was pain in his gray eyes as he looked at his closest friend and confidant . 
 `` bane ... '' he said , his voice was full of hurt , `` why do this ? '' 
 bane did n't pause in his response . 
 `` i 'm tired of being your follower ! 
 i 'm tired of coming second to you when i am just as powerful ! 
 you know nothing of what hekate can give . 
 she is queen , and soon ... i 'll be her king ! 
 i will be the best ! 
 i will be the one to fear ! 
 and you will bow before my feet ! '' 
 `` hekate does n't care about you , bane ! '' 
 emerson reasoned . 
 `` i do ! 
 you 're my friend ! 
 how could you betray me like this ? 
 you think you 'll be her king ? 
 hekate only wants power ! 
 she wo n't allow someone else above her ! 
 that 's why she wants to take willow 's power . 
 she ca n't stand the thought of another being more dominant than her . 
 see reason in this . 
 how can you even think she 'll let you rule as an equal to her ? '' 
 `` do n't you dare talk about her like that ! '' 
 bane bellowed . 
 `` you 're a fool , emerson ! 
 you all are ! 
 and you will die for defying her ! '' 
 `` please , do n't do this ! '' 
 emerson said . 
 `` i can help you -- '' `` you want to help me ? '' 
 bane laughed hysterically . 
 `` then get the hell out of my way and let me take the healer to my queen ! 
 it is my destiny ! '' 
 `` i ca n't let you do that , '' emerson said calmly . 
 `` now ! '' 
 he screamed and then willow was falling forward with bane right on top of her ! 
 someone had come up from behind and shoved them to the ground . 
 willow 's body landed hard and then she felt bane release her . 
 instinct took hold and she rolled away from bane , using her strength to push herself up off the ground . 
 she sprinted towards emerson and the other warlocks as fast as her shaky limbs could carry her . 
 she heard bane scream furiously and then his cries were cut off . 
 in that moment , she knew bane was dead . 
 she did n't have to turn around to confirm it , but she did anyways . 
 willow saw the alphas surrounding banes ' body and they were simply devouring him . 
 the back of bane 's head was severed and blood was running out of him like a river . 
 the sounds of sloshing , crunching , and vicious snarling were all that filled the night air . 
 she quickly turned to hide her face from the horrific scene . 
 chills erupted on her body as all of the wolves began howling into the night sky . 
 the dissident sound made her skin crawl . 
 their enemy was defeated . 
 she felt all alone standing there hiding her face and crying into her palms , but not for long . 
 strong arms came around her and pulled her close , wrapping her up in a warm , snug embrace . 
 she inhaled and instantly knew who was holding her . 
 chase . 
 he was back in his human form , and even though he was only wearing shorts and his chest was bare , she pressed her face into it and cried into him . 
 her arms came around him and she held on to him with fervent gratitude . 
 he had n't abandoned her . 
 he knew bane was kidnapping her and fought to save her . 
 once again , she had help come to save her . 
 she felt his hands slowly trail up and down her back comforting her and whispering words of safety into her ear . 
 remembering the wolves that were fallen , willow suddenly detached herself from chase 's hug and rushed up to the first fallen wolf she saw . 
 she knelt on the ground and watched the still form of the beautiful beast before her . 
 touching the fur that looked course and rough , she was surprised to find it extremely soft and silky . 
 she petted the wolf and then squeezed her eyes shut , calling upon the healing magic within her , magic that had gotten stronger . 
 but nothing came . 
 her eyes burst open as she looked down upon the wolf . 
 why was n't her magic working ? 
 was he ... . 
 `` he 's gone , healer , '' chase 's hand came down on her shoulder . 
 `` you ca n't save everyone , love . '' 
 tears fell from her eyes as she looked ahead and saw that at least ten of the wolves were dead . 
 but what was even sadder was seeing that some of the wolves had surrounded the fallen and were nudging them and howling at their sides . 
 it was a sign of loyalty and respect and there was such sweetness to it that willow broke for them even more . 
 `` this is my fault , '' willow whispered standing up . 
 `` if i had warned someone , somehow of bane 's treachery , none of this would 've happened ... '' `` do n't even go there , '' chase said . 
 `` you were protecting everyone from him . 
 you were brave , willow . 
 okay ? 
 bane 's trip to crazy town is over . 
 there 's nothing you could have done . 
 he deserved what he got . '' 
 willow turned to chase . 
 he had a funny way of expressing himself , sometimes . 
 `` crazy town , huh ? '' 
 `` yes , crazy town . 
 where the crazies go and sometimes they get loose and cause all sorts of chaos . 
 do n't you know about it ? 
 well ... let me educate you -- '' willow rolled her eyes . 
 his teasing strangely made her feel better . 
 `` save it for another time , wolf-boy . '' 
 chase grinned broadly as two figures approached them ; emerson and a tall , red-headed man . 
 emerson spoke up first . 
 `` willow rose , allow me to introduce you to the alpha of the whiteclaw pack . 
 this is grissom henley . '' 
 willow smiled as the alpha offered a hand out to her . 
 this was chase 's alpha . 
 at first glance , grissom was attractive . 
 his short , dark red hair was perfectly messy as it fell across his forehead . 
 it looked almost the same as willow 's color . 
 he had dark green eyes that sparkled in the moonlight and freckles that dusted his nose and cheeks . 
 he must 've been the alpha wolf that was colored red . 
 he was at least six five , and was totally built with a set of abs to top it off . 
 he was also just wearing shorts , as most of the wolves that had shifted back were . 
 warlocks were handing out clothes to those who needed them . 
 grissom appeared young and spirited , but after seeing him fight so rough , willow figured he could be extremely dangerous . 
 the status of alpha did n't come to just anybody . 
 grissom came up to chase and clapped a large hand on his shoulder . 
 `` so i hear you 've met our rambunctious little pup on your journey through the everwild ? '' 
 `` rambunctious is one way to describe him , '' willow said and smiled when those around him began laughing . 
 grissom laughed deeply . 
 `` well , i am glad he was able to assist you ... although , it was his fault you ended up in the hands of the fey in the first place . '' 
 `` i think i would 've run into them anyways since the seeker 's prophecy was leading me to the crystal cave , where the fey apparently have lived for a very long time . 
 king diazinon was somehow expecting me . '' 
 `` well , the fey expect a lot of things ... but we make it a point to keep it from them . '' 
 `` speaking of the seeker , '' emerson chimed in . 
 `` you need to see her right away , '' he motioned to willow . 
 `` what of the meeting , emerson ? '' 
 grissom asked as the two others alphas approached them . 
 they were both as tall and muscular as grissom , and just as deadly looking . 
 emerson sighed deeply and rubbed his eyes . 
 he looked worn out and aged and willow felt sorry that such a gentle hearted but stern man like emerson had so much stress and responsibility on his hands . 
 emerson smirked slightly as he responded . 
 `` you mean the meeting we have n't even had yet ? '' 
 `` that 's the one , '' grissom said returning the smile . 
 `` raeburn and jefferson have traveled quite a ways to meet with you . '' 
 `` yes . 
 yes , i know . 
 the meeting will go on as planned , but i also have deep concern for the healer . 
 it 's seems i ca n't even trust my own people to keep her safe ... '' `` then trust ours , '' grissom said proudly and gestured to his wolves . 
 `` let some of my wolves escort her . 
 we can be in constant contact if some stay in wolf form both here and there . '' 
 emerson ran a hand through his hair . 
 `` i do n't know ... '' `` oh , come on , emerson man ! '' 
 chase said practically bouncing up and down with excitement . 
 when emerson shot him a dangerous look , he quickly said , `` i mean ... your grace . 
 willow and i ... we 're a team , '' he wrapped an arm around willow 's shoulders and pulled her into him . 
 `` we 've been through it all . 
 together . 
 and it would be an honor to once again be by her side and defend her against any danger that dares come in -- '' `` oh no you are n't , '' grissom interrupted chase . 
 `` you might be the least qualified to be given a charge as important as this . '' 
 `` but alpha ! '' 
 `` do n't forget the role you played in pissing the fairies off . 
 not to mention you got captured by them ! '' 
 `` hey ! 
 that was n't my fault , alpha ! 
 i did n't know the territories expanded and the treaty had changed . 
 you know that ... '' `` yes , and it was my fault not to warn you . 
 but if you had been with the pack instead of gallivanting off somewhere causing trouble , we possibly would n't be in this situation . '' 
 `` with all due respect , alpha , you wanted this situation to occur too , so do n't -- '' ' `` chase hawthorne ! '' 
 grissom roared at the werewolf . 
 chase whined , -lrb- actually whined ! -rrb- 
 and turned his head to the left in submission to the alpha power . 
 `` be silent ! 
 of all the wolves in my pack , you are the most insubordinate ! 
 why ? 
 why make this harder than it should be ? 
 it 's easy . 
 i 'm alpha . 
 my word is law . 
 do you deny me ? '' 
 `` no , alpha , '' chase said quickly and turned his eyes to grissom , even though his head was still forced to the left . 
 `` good , then obey . '' 
 the power seemed to leave chase as he straightened up and craned his neck . 
 he did n't say anything in return , but willow could feel his seething anger and hurt . 
 that what when she decided to speak up . 
 `` grissom , alpha of the whiteclaw pack , i ask your permission for chase to come with me . 
 he has guided declan and i through the everwild and kept his word at protecting me . 
 along the way ... he 's become more than just an ally . '' 
 willow turned her gaze upon chase , `` he 's become my friend . '' 
 chase 's smile was priceless . 
 somewhere along the way , chase had captured a little piece of her heart . 
 it was n't his flirtatiousness or how attractive he was . 
 it was n't the fact that even though he led them astray -lrb- several times -rrb- , he was still loyal to the very end . 
 it was the genuine concern and care for her that caused willow to feel so special . 
 she did n't realize how much she missed chase until she left him to fight the fey in the cave with his pack . 
 tonight solidified it all . 
 she realized how much he meant to her when she saw him after bane had almost taken her to hekate . 
 the joy she felt at seeing him again was something she could n't describe . 
 but now that chase was back in her life , she could n't imagine him not going with her . 
 `` such formalities , little one , '' grissom looked down at her and smiled . 
 he looked from her to chase and then emerson . 
 the corner of emerson 's mouth lifted in amusement . 
 `` very well , healer . 
 i will grant you this request . '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 chase said and jumped in the air pumping his fist . 
 `` it 's chase hawthorne and the healer witch girl on another daring adventure -- '' `` do n't get too excited , chase ! '' 
 grissom shouted over him . 
 `` we 'll have words when you get back . 
 you 're not off the hook by a long shot ! 
 i 'm only allowing this because of the healer 's request . 
 and you 're taking a few of the others with you . '' 
 three wolves sauntered up to them and waited , still in wolf form . 
 they seemed to be the biggest she 's seen yet , not to mention they looked strikingly alike . 
 they all had the same colors on their bodies in the same areas . 
 chase saw who it was and then turned to gawk at grissom . 
 `` alpha -- '' `` shut it , chase , '' grissom said again interrupting him . 
 `` you do n't get a say in who goes with you . 
 we were just over this ... '' `` sure , if you want to send the turner triplets fine by me . 
 so long as they stay in wolf form , '' chase threatened and gave a nasty look to the three werewolves who were growling at him . 
 apparently he really disliked the alpha 's choice . 
 of course chase gave a retort to that , but willow could no longer pay attention because emerson came up to her and drew her away from the wolves . 
 turning her to face him , emerson put both hands on her shoulders and lowered his head to look into her eyes . 
 those eyes held years of knowledge and power and something else ... concern . 
 he looked at her like he would look at a daughter or son , full of care and worry . 
 `` i want to make sure that you are okay with this . 
 i do n't want to leave you vulnerable and if you have any doubts about being with the werewolves whatsoever , just say the word and i 'll cancel the meeting and go with you myself . '' 
 willow 's eyes stung with unshed tears as she looked at the head warlock . 
 there was so much in him that reminded her of declan , like his mannerisms and how he could go from being soft and loving to stubborn and demanding with a flick of a switch . 
 not to mention he looked like a much older version of declan besides the color of his eyes . 
 `` i can handle it , '' willow said . 
 `` if there 's one thing i 've learned from surviving in the everwild , it 's that i 'm stronger than i think . 
 with the help of my friends , i can overcome anything . 
 chase has become my friend , and declan , '' she choked a little on saying his name , `` if he were here ... i know they would protect me at all costs . '' 
 `` willow , '' emerson said . 
 `` i 'm sorry for what happened between you and declan . 
 by now , he should be at the academy . 
 it was wrong for me to send him away so suddenly , but bane was my closest friend . 
 he can be very , very convincing at times . 
 and he not only convinced me to send my boy away and all the other young warlocks who need training , but i also sent henry , who is also a very powerful warlock as well . 
 he had a plan this whole time and i fell right into his trap . 
 a devil within . '' 
 `` i was too afraid to say anything in your office when bane brought me . 
 he had threatened to kill declan right there if i spoke up . 
 it was my fault this fight even started . '' 
 `` no , '' emerson said intently . 
 `` no , willow . 
 you have shown great strength and valor in the face of danger . 
 you chose not to speak up , sacrifice yourself even , to save those you love . 
 and that takes an extraordinary person to choose that path . 
 that choice was not an easy one . 
 no willow . 
 what you did tonight only proves your worth of being what you are destined to be : a great healer . 
 you are true to your very soul , and i have no doubt in my mind that this will all turn out for the good . '' 
 a small teardrop fell from willow 's eyes at emerson 's encouragement . 
 emerson drew her close and hugged her . 
 `` if i were to choose any witch in the entire world for a daughter-in-law , it would be you , '' he said letting her go . 
 his words caught her off guard . 
 her ? 
 he would want her to marry declan ? 
 the thought sent butterflies in her stomach . 
 but then she remembered the vision she had while under the effects of mindstorm . 
 how declan was happy with another bride . 
 how she was not destined to be the wife of a powerful warlock , but to be secluded and heal creatures day in and day out . 
 sure , she could see herself marrying declan . 
 but it just was n't an option for her future , and it broke her heart . 
 `` ready to head out , healer baby ? '' 
 chase 's voice drew her from her thoughts . 
 `` healer baby ? '' 
 willow said lifting an eyebrow . 
 `` you do n't like ? '' 
 `` how about you just call me willow ... '' chase grinned . 
 `` you know how i like it when you give me attitude . '' 
 emerson chuckled behind her . 
 `` are you sure you want chase to go with you ? 
 last chance ... '' `` oh , do n't worry , '' willow said . 
 `` i can handle wolf-boy . '' 
 `` okay , '' emerson said . 
 `` carmela 's is a fifteen minute fly , but a forty five minute walk . 
 as the wolves do n't really know how to maneuver our flying units , do you think you 'll be okay walking ? '' 
 `` yes , '' chase and willow both said simultaneously . 
 `` and you know i 'm just a thought away . 
 the wolves will be communicating and keeping me updated at all times . 
 if anything , and i mean anything happens , we 'll know immediately and try to help . 
 chase , i 'm leaving willow in your care . 
 if any harm should come to her , it will not be pretty for you or your pack . '' 
 some of the wolves growled low , but chase only laughed . 
 `` what 's there to worry about , head warlock ? 
 danger flees before me ! '' 
 `` right ... '' emerson said unconvinced . 
 `` just be careful . 
 i will see you soon . '' 
 and with that , they departed . 
 everyone who was n't going to the seeker quickly made their way back to the mansion or back to their posts to guard the perimeter . 
 chase looked at willow with the steady confidence he always held . 
 `` ready for another adventure , healer baby ? '' 
 willow rolled her eyes . 
 she hated when people gave her nicknames ! 
 first , it was declan . 
 now chase ? 
 what was with that ? 
 deciding she should try to get used to it , since chase would call her that no matter if she threatened him or not , she shook her head . 
 `` let 's do this . '' 
 chapter 16 the deadlands willow saw the familiar produce shop of bunches and barrels and unexpected anticipation pooled in her belly . 
 she was in much different company than when she first met the seeker , but now she felt at ease knowing who carmela was . 
 she was on their side , or at least , willow thought so . 
 the seeker could look into the many futures and act as a guide to steer those in the proper direction . 
 of course , it was still the decisions made in the present that determined the exact future . 
 a part of willow felt grateful that carmela pushed declan through the portal with her . 
 it forced her to come to terms with how she truly felt about him , and it also helped develop her powers as a true healer . 
 a pang of guilt coursed through her when she thought about declan . 
 she desperately longed for him to be with her . 
 she wanted to apologize to him for hurting him . 
 she truly wanted only him and no one else . 
 if she could give up her healing power to be with declan aldridge , she would in a heartbeat . 
 she would freely give up a part of herself at the chance to live a long and happy life together with him . 
 but fate , as it were , would not be so giving . 
 and she had come to love her ability to heal and work for the good of others . 
 `` smell that ? '' 
 chase said as they stood at the edge of the forest looking at the shop . 
 `` i smell elves . 
 `` elves ? '' 
 willow wondered . 
 what could elves be doing at carmela 's ? 
 suddenly , a loud crashing noise reached their ears and yelling soon followed . 
 even standing at a good distance away from the store , their voices could be heard carried through the opened window . 
 `` you 're a seeker ! 
 you should be able to do this ! '' 
 `` do not question my powers , byron ! '' 
 carmela 's voice shrieked . 
 `` i do not have a remedy for this ! '' 
 `` byron ? '' 
 chase said , a dark look crossing his face . 
 then his eyes lit with recognition . 
 `` oh crap . '' 
 `` what ? 
 what is it ? '' 
 willow asked , bracing herself for an attack . 
 chase was getting all worked up and she had no idea what it was about . 
 chase 's face went pale as he looked at the house . 
 `` byron is elirana 's father ... '' willow searched her mind , beginning to feed off of chase 's panic and start panicking herself . 
 `` elirana ... who 's elirana ? '' 
 `` you do n't remember ? 
 at the neutral zone , i told you i was in deep with the owner alexalaxzees , well , i call him alex. anyways , he was mad at me for seducing his niece ? 
 ringing any bells , now ? '' 
 willow 's eyes widened . 
 then , the alarm bells started going off in her head . 
 `` well ... '' `` oh god , here we go ! 
 maybe it was a bad idea bringing you . 
 i swear we ca n't go anywhere without trouble when you 're around ! '' 
 willow said frustrated . 
 `` should we go knocking on the door , or wait till they leave ? '' 
 `` fix her now ! '' 
 byron 's voice screamed . 
 before she knew what was happening , she saw chase 's backside as he was racing up to the shop . 
 she called to him and sprinted after him . 
 the three werewolves were right on her heels . 
 she could n't catch chase if she had to , and she certainly could n't stop him from busting through the front door guns blazing , screaming , `` why fix what is n't broken ? '' 
 as soon as willow entered the door , the elven magic struck her , just as it did chase and the wolves behind her . 
 they were locked in place , frozen in whatever position they entered the door . 
 chase 's left hand was raised in accusation and he had a permanent scowl on his face , while willow and the wolves were just in running poses . 
 how could she have been so stupid ? 
 if willow was thinking clearly , she could 've used her magic to counter and shield what the elf threw at them ! 
 chase tended to do that to her ; get her all worked up and unable to think straight . 
 she attempted to move her body , but she was completely immobile . 
 the only body part that seemed to be working was her eyes . 
 she looked around at the scene before her . 
 byron was standing there with his arm outstretched as his magic flowed from him to the intruders . 
 he had strikingly long yellow hair and strange pale blue eyes . 
 he was tall , had long pointed ears and a quiver with feathered arrows strapped around his chest . 
 next to him , sitting on one of carmela 's couches , was a beautiful elf maiden . 
 she too , had long flowing blonde tresses , but her features were much softer and extremely beautiful . 
 she had big teal colored eyes that reminded willow of the caribbean sea , a narrow face , and was wearing a cotton maroon dress that flowed to the hardwood floor . 
 a small gold chain wrapped around her even smaller waist . 
 she was stunning as she looked at them with newfound curiosity . 
 willow could only conclude that this was the infamous elirana , chase 's ... well ... she did n't know what . 
 carmela grinned and clapped her hands excitedly . 
 `` i was n't expecting you for another hour or so ! 
 i love it when that happens . 
 not much can surprise me these days . 
 they are no threat to you , byron . 
 please release them . '' 
 `` i beg to differ , '' byron hissed and pointed at chase with a small dagger he had drawn upon seeing the werewolf . 
 `` he is the cause of all this . '' 
 chase tried saying something , but all that came out was mumbling . 
 a small voice spoke up , then , and all eyes turned to elirana . 
 `` that one ... . 
 in the middle ... who ... who is he ? '' 
 byron turned to his niece and said flatly , `` he 's nobody . 
 carmela , if you refuse to aide us , just know that you do not want the elves against you . 
 we do not forgive so easily . '' 
 carmela sighed exasperated . 
 `` seekers do not lie . 
 we can not ! 
 i 've told you i ca n't help her . 
 there is no remedy to what you have done to the poor girl , at least , none that i can seek out . 
 but perhaps if you give the witch healer a chance , maybe she will be able to help . '' 
 carmela put a finger on her chin as if thinking . 
 `` but then again , i do n't really think there is a cure for ignorance , '' she said sarcastically . 
 willow was awed by carmela 's boldness . 
 if she could smile at that sarcastic remark , she would have . 
 byron only narrowed his eyes at her and snorted . 
 `` healer ? 
 what healer ? '' 
 `` the young witch before you , '' carmela pointed smugly . 
 byron turned to stare at willow . 
 he stared , and stared , and stared for what seemed like forever . 
 `` so the rumors are true , then ? 
 a healer has finally been born ? 
 to the witch race nonetheless , '' he added condescendingly . 
 this time , carmela snorted . 
 `` rumors are just hearsay . 
 the healers exists , and you , my untimely friend , have just run into some luck . 
 perhaps if you release her , she may be kind enough to examine your precious daughter that you damaged . '' 
 the hold on willow instantly released and willow tapped into her magic quickly . 
 already , this uncouth elf before her rubbed her the wrong way , and apparently carmela felt the same way . 
 if he asked her to examine his niece , would she ? 
 she certainly was n't in the mood to heal today , as there were more pressing matters to attend to . 
 `` healer , '' byron addressed her , drilling his blue eyes into her . 
 `` my daughter has an infection of the mind . 
 our elven elders attempted to remove certain memories of a certain werewolf , '' he quickly glanced at chase , `` as they both broke the rules of our race . 
 he has caused her much pain , but we have overlooked her impudence and have tried to justify the situation by taking the memories away as if it never happened . 
 but now , her mind seems to fade . 
 she forgets more than just what we took from her . 
 she no longer recognizes many of our kind . 
 we feel as if she is fading from us . 
 will you do the elves a kindness and try to heal her ? '' 
 willow thought for a moment . 
 byron 's explanation gave her a lot of information that elves normally would n't divulge to just anybody . 
 even talking about the elders was a risk to the elves . 
 they were so secretive as it were and little knowledge is known of their realm and what goes on there . 
 she had only learned in her training some of the simpler defensive spells against some of the elves ' favorite offensive techniques . 
 messing with the mind was one they favored . 
 `` well ... i 've never healed an emotional or mental condition before . 
 my powers only seem to work with the physical . 
 at least , i have n't tried anything to this degree before . '' 
 byron turned to carmela and hissed , `` what good is she to the magical races if she ca n't do more than physical healing ? '' 
 carmela raised an eyebrow , but willow spoke up before carmela could , `` i will take a look , but know that if you insult me again , i will not be so quick to help . '' 
 she was not in the mood to be moping about how others think so little of her . 
 carmela looked at her with approval as she approached elirana . 
 when she looked into elirana 's clear teal colored eyes , she felt bad for her . 
 it was n't her fault that her mind was fading away . 
 elirana 's eyes were perfectly almond shaped , slightly larger than any human 's eyes , and held an endless depth to them . 
 willow figured elirana held years of wisdom , as expected , since the lifespan of elves lasted for several centuries . 
 yet past the beauty of elirana 's eyes , willow could see haziness and confusion in them . 
 it was strange , how elirana seemed not to look at her , but through her , as if she was fantasizing about a lover or a faraway land . 
 `` elirana , '' she addressed the maiden quietly . 
 `` may i take a look into your mind ? '' 
 elirana nodded slowly as willow placed her hands on the temples of her head . 
 willow closed her eyes , not sure whether this was even possible or not . 
 when she could heal wounds , she could actually see the tendons , bones , and muscles and encourage them to mend faster and correctly . 
 this type of magic was even trickier , perhaps even more dangerous as a she could really hurt the function and inner workings of the brain . 
 just as willow tapped into elirana 's mind , she felt herself being pulled into elirana 's inner being , searching for the cause of her memory loss . 
 it was like she was flying over a rushing river , her stomach actually squeezing with the feel of motion . 
 memories and emotions swirled around her as if they were her own . 
 she saw elirana 's childhood , feel her hurt and pain at her own kind , see her riding her favorite horse through the valleys , the only feeling she had at being free . 
 it was getting to be too much . 
 she was starting to feel queasy and lightheaded . 
 this was n't working ! 
 her mind could n't handle looking into another 's ! 
 pull out ! 
 willow could hear herself screaming . 
 make it stop ! 
 but it would n't relent , she was too deep and going further and further into elirana 's memories and flashbacks of desires , worries , and fears until bam ! 
 the motion finally stopped and willow hovered over a spot . 
 it was black and growing bigger and bigger in her mind , like an incessant tumor , gaining strength and eating away at her mind . 
 she found the illness ! 
 willow quickly blocked everything out and focused on the spot , willed it to heal , just like she did all the other wounds . 
 but nothing happened . 
 the spot was still growing , albeit very slowly , but it would n't stop at her command . 
 suddenly , she felt herself being forcefully ripped away from the ailment . 
 she was being pulled out of elirana 's mind , but not by her own doing . 
 willow 's hands flew into the air and she backed up gasping and falling onto the couch on the opposite side of where elirana sat . 
 `` well ? 
 well ? '' 
 bryon questioned in annoyance , coming up to her in a flurry of movement . 
 willow blinked and saw two of him , then three and four . 
 her head was spinning and her stomach quenched with nausea . 
 `` what happened ? 
 did you fix her ? '' 
 `` let her have a moment , byronistasta ! '' 
 carmela scolded the infuriating elf . 
 `` ca n't you see she needs it ? '' 
 byron stepped back in shock . 
 `` of course , of course . 
 my apologies . '' 
 willow waited while her mind cleared . 
 what she just experienced was totally overwhelming , totally surprising , and totally confusing . 
 she just entered someone else 's mind ! 
 how was that even possible ? 
 she did n't care , but felt rather proud of herself for accomplishing such a feat at her level of magic . 
 but that was n't what surprised her the most . 
 what surprised her was that elirana did n't want willow to heal her . 
 that was why she was pulled from her mind . 
 elirana felt the invasion and purposely threw willow out of her mind . 
 elirana was letting her memories fade on purpose . 
 she did n't want to be helped , and by acknowledging that , somehow countered willow 's power and stopped her from healing the sore spot in her mind . 
 `` did it work , healer ? '' 
 byron pressed her again , this time a little softer . 
 willow looked over at elirana . 
 her eyes were still off in a daze . 
 then , she looked at chase and the werewolves who were still frozen in place . 
 elirana looked at chase too , her eyebrows furrowed , like she was trying to remember him . 
 did chase really cause elirana that much pain that she would refuse to save her memories , even those of her family and childhood ? 
 willow held her head high and spoke directly to byron . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` no ? 
 no ! 
 what do you mean no ? '' 
 he yelled . 
 `` release my friends and i 'll tell you more , '' willow said gaining strength . 
 byron looked at the werewolves still stuck and watching the whole process occur . 
 `` if you try anything chase hawthorne , i will kill you , '' he said bluntly and waved his hand releasing them . 
 the triplets raised their hackles and lowered their heads , growling menacingly at byron for threatening chase . 
 `` get off your high horse , byron , '' chase said approaching elirana . 
 byron allowed him to crouch in front of elirana and look up at her . 
 willow did n't expect chase to go to elirana , but to her , so it was kind of surprising . 
 there was definitely something here she was missing . 
 elirana and chase had a past history . 
 how much history they had was a mystery . 
 willow watched in awe as elirana focused on chase , her eyes clearing momentarily as she looked at him . 
 it was really , really strange . 
 `` hey eli baby , '' chase said softly , almost in a cooing , affectionate way . 
 `` miss me ? '' 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 she asked as her eyes grew watery . 
 she was really trying to think about who he was . 
 chase looked tormented . 
 `` i 'm yours , baby , '' he said softly . 
 `` remember ? 
 do you remember my name ? '' 
 `` you 're a werewolf ? '' 
 elirana asked . 
 chase nodded . 
 he reached for her hands but elirana pulled away , and faster than imaginable , she was at byron 's side . 
 willow did n't even see her move ! 
 `` he 's going to eat me , father ! '' 
 elirana cried and shook at his side . 
 `` shh , shh , '' bryon said putting an arm around her . 
 `` you 're safe , okay ? 
 he wo n't hurt you . 
 not anymore . '' 
 chase stood up pissed off and angry . 
 `` how dare you keep accusing me of hurting her ! 
 you 're the ones who hurt her ! 
 if you just allowed us to -- '' `` enough ! '' 
 byron said . 
 `` carmela , healer , if you can not help us , we will take our leave and try different means . 
 we refuse to be in the company of werewolves ! 
 the lowest caste in the magical world ! 
 werewolves are useless and -- '' the triplets pounced on byron before he could finish his sentence and knocked him to the ground . 
 byron screamed and tried deflecting them with his magic . 
 he managed to wrench two werewolves off of him and throw them across the room . 
 to the other one , he physically pushed him off and stood to his feet , but the other two werewolves had already recuperated and jumped in front of byron . 
 they stood on their hind legs and pushed him backwards . 
 he knees buckled and he tumbled over one of the wolves who had gotten behind him to trip him . 
 they worked as a team . 
 it was kind of funny to see them fighting , the werewolves ' energy was pulsating around the room . 
 they seemed to almost enjoy ganging up on the poor elf , proving their worth among the magical races and showing him they were not one to be messed with or insulted . 
 at the same time the werewolves were attacking , elirana had flown across the room to hide in a corner . 
 chase was timidly approaching her , trying to get her to calm down and see he would n't hurt her . 
 there was so much chaos around willow and she did n't know where to look until carmela came up to her and blocked her view . 
 `` you seek the key , '' she whispered , which drew her full attention on carmela . 
 `` yes , seeker , where can i find it ? '' 
 carmela produced a piece of paper with a fancy script on it and placed it in willow 's pocket . 
 `` everything you need to know is on this parchment . 
 you need to get out of here , now . 
 you can not have the werewolves and byron follow you here . 
 no one needs to know where you 're going . 
 remember , i have seen many futures ... '' `` and you chose this one , '' willow finished her sentence and rolled her eyes automatically . 
 `` what if i went to another seeker , carmela ? 
 what would she tell me , then ? 
 choose this same one for me or risk sending me on another adventure guaranteed with death and despair ? '' 
 carmela 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` do n't you know i 'm the best seeker of all ? '' 
 she said smugly . 
 `` besides , you 're always in control of your destiny . 
 never forget that . 
 i simply ... steer you in the right direction . '' 
 willow grabbed the paper in her pocket so she could read it , too curious about where carmela was sending them , but carmela stopped her with a warning . 
 `` not here . '' 
 willow started to protest when suddenly , a loud crashing filled the room and she watched in horror as byron went flying through the window outside , tossed like a sack of potatoes by the triplets . 
 the fight was growing more intense as the werewolves also jumped through the large window , making more glass crash to the ground . 
 carmela used the distraction and raced to the back room , opening the curtain to reveal a portal . 
 `` what portal is this ? 
 where are you sending us ? '' 
 willow cried `` i need to talk to you more ! 
 i need answers ! 
 i ca n't leave now ! '' 
 `` everything you need is on that paper , healer ! '' 
 carmela shouted through the sounds of the fight outside . 
 `` chase and elirana , come ! '' 
 `` i 'm not taking that elf with me ! '' 
 willow screamed at carmela when she saw chase carrying a forced elirana in his arms . 
 she was kicking and flailing her arms screaming bloody murder as chase struggled with elirana in his arms . 
 willow heard byron crying outside for his daughter . 
 `` leave here now ! '' 
 carmela shouted . 
 without even questioning it , chase jumped through the portal with a screaming female elf leaving willow standing there gaping at carmela . 
 willow turned to the window to see byron racing up to it , throwing arrows and casting spells towards the werewolves , who stumbled in the yard as they were struck . 
 `` now , healer ! '' 
 carmela cried and grabbed willow 's wrist . 
 willow was thrown , once again , in a swirling portal of the unknown . 
 she could just see the infuriated bryon reaching the window and yelling at carmela when everything around her went white as she was hurdled through time and space to another place . 
 willow landed hard on her back on the ground . 
 she gasped for air ; her heart was still racing from the events that just took place . 
 in the distance , she heard shouting , but she could n't make out what they were saying . 
 she recognized the voices belonging to chase and elirana , the newest edition to their group . 
 willow sat up quickly remembering the note carmela gave her and pulled it out of her pocket , scanning the words . 
 the key you seek lies deep in the mountain terror , darkness , chaos surround it . 
 where dead things lurk and hunt you down . 
 stay strong in love and you wo n't drown in fires , ice , and waters too . 
 the deadlands are what lie before you . 
 trust your powers , you will not fail . 
 the key is there , but healer beware . 
 `` oh shit ! '' 
 willow outwardly cursed . 
 silence followed the area where she was . 
 either the fighting had stopped between chase and elirana , or she was so deep in her thoughts that she could no longer her them . 
 where was she ? 
 she did n't even know as she read the paper over and over again , dread filling her being . 
 the deadlands ? 
 she had to go to the deadlands ? 
 possibly even worse than the everwild , the deadlands was a place so dark and full of evil that not even hekate herself would venture to tread . 
 she sent the key there to ensure willow would never find it . 
 she was cruel , down her very soul for doing this , and she would pay . 
 hekate had another thing coming . 
 even as willow 's heart threatened to burst out of her chest from fear , willow would go to the deadlands . 
 she no choice ! 
 she had to rescue her sisters . 
 she would not leave them to suffer an eternity in the box of souls . 
 she needed her sisters like she needed air to breathe . 
 she loved them so much . 
 willow would free them , even if it killed her . 
 chase came up to her and crouched , taking the paper from her shaking hands and stood back up reading it . 
 he did n't say anything . 
 willow stared at the woods around her like a dead person , lost in her thoughts . 
 this mission was suicidal . 
 literally . 
 she may not come out alive this time , but maybe someone would find a way to save her sisters if she failed . 
 chase still was n't saying anything , and finally the silence was too much for her to bear . 
 she looked up at him as he continued to read the paper . 
 then she looked over to where the elf girl was standing with her arms crossed and confusion on her face . 
 she had to take elirana with her ? 
 what purpose did she serve here ? 
 was carmela playing a stupid trick on her ? 
 was this really real ? 
 and then she looked past elirana and realization hit her . 
 she stood eyes gaping at what lay before her . 
 the castle of darkmeer academy . 
 the silver gate with a large emblem written in the middle signified the warlock school . 
 willow 's heart beat even harder . 
 she was here to get declan . 
 carmela sent her here first , sending her a strong , very obvious message . 
 she was here to take him with her ! 
 but would he even go ? 
 her breathing grew panicky . 
 she was having a panic attack ! 
 go to the deadlands , sure ! 
 why not ? 
 go get the one warlock who claimed her heart and now hated her for it ? 
 no . 
 freaking . 
 way ! 
 chase stood in front of her blocking her view . 
 `` well , it seems carmela 's sending us on another adventure ... '' `` are you sure you want to go with me ? '' 
 it came out as a whisper . 
 `` you do n't have to , chase . 
 i do n't want to put you in danger . '' 
 `` danger ? 
 ha ! 
 i laugh in the face of danger ! '' 
 chase hollered and smiled . 
 then , he turned serious . 
 `` willow rose , a long time ago i made a vow to you protect you . 
 i also told you i 'm mission kind of guy ... '' `` it was n't that long ago , chase . '' 
 `` well , it feels like it . 
 healer , i feel like we 've known each other for a long time even though we have n't . 
 it 's like our destinies are linked . 
 i feel a connection to you that i 've never felt with anyone ... well , '' he glanced back at elirana , `` maybe another , and my pack too , and maybe ... '' he shook his head to clear his rant , `` okay , the point i 'm trying to make is that where you go , i go . 
 i want to do this . 
 i was made to protect you and to help you . 
 so yes , i 'm sure i want to do this . '' 
 unwanted tears welled in willow 's eyes . 
 she ran into his embrace and hugged him , enjoying the feel of his arms around her , holding tight . 
 sometimes , it was great to have a werewolf around . 
 `` i feel the same way , chase , '' she whispered . 
 `` now ... do you know where the deadlands are ? 
 i 've heard of them , but just rumors of nasty beasties that live there . 
 i live in the everwild , so i 've seen some really horrible things , but nothing i could n't handle . 
 the deadlands , on the other hand , are a whole different story . 
 but hey , i like the element of surprise , so bring it . '' 
 `` well ... no . 
 i do n't know where it is . 
 i thought you did ... '' `` i do , '' a soft voice made them turn . 
 elirana was standing closer to them now , listening intently to their conversation . 
 she was so beautiful , even in the darkness , with some green warlock light from the academy stretching out towards them , willow could see her flawless features and grew jealous . 
 apparently , she had gotten over her fear of chase being a werewolf . 
 willow caught chase looking at her , too , with hidden love behind his eyes that he masked with a cheeky grin . 
 `` eli baby , you are one surprise that truly surprises me . '' 
 willow rolled her eyes . 
 what a stupid line ! 
 `` elirana , you know where the deadlands are ? '' 
 elirana ignored chase too . 
 `` yes . 
 long ago , my people had to fight unmentionable creatures and cast them into the fiery depths of the deadlands , so they would never cause chaos on this earth again . 
 i know the way . '' 
 `` way to be morbid , baby , '' chase said and winked . 
 `` i like it . '' 
 well , willow thought and smiled to herself , at least he 's not flirting with me anymore . 
 but it was funny , because elirana almost seemed to enjoy it . 
 then another thought reached her . 
 `` that was why carmela sent her with us ! 
 because she knows the way ! 
 before , how i got to the everwild was through a portal she created . 
 this time is different . 
 we 're ... '' `` here to get pretty warlock boy ? '' 
 chase smirked looking at the academy . 
 willow 's heart jacked up as she looked at the school . 
 the castle was huge , looming in front of her like a fortress of doom . 
 the elegant structure was built of gray stone with several spires and towers . 
 lights were on in several rooms as it was slightly early in the evening hours . 
 declan was in there . 
 her heart and soul , the one she wanted most , the one that got away , was in there . 
 what would she say ? 
 how could she explain how she had to save him from bane by breaking his heart ? 
 nervous jitters filled her . 
 she hoped he would agree to go with her to the deadlands . 
 but once again , that would be sending them to a place full of chaos with no guarantee of survival . 
 could she ask him to do this ? 
 could she put him through this ... again ? 
 he hated going into the everwild in the beginning , she was sure he would n't go to the deadlands with them . 
 `` darkmeer is in scotland , '' willow stated , not acknowledging declan out loud yet . 
 `` so where are the deadlands located ? '' 
 she turned to elirana . 
 `` where else , but in the heart of a volcano ? '' 
 elirana smirked showing straight white teeth . 
 `` mount eyjafjallajökul of iceland , or eyja for short . '' 
 chase laughed . 
 `` ironic . 
 fire and ice . 
 the perfect place for the deadlands , really . '' 
 `` well ... at least we 're sort of close to iceland , '' willow said trying to be positive . 
 chase held out his fingers . 
 `` okay , so mission number one , get pretty boy . 
 mission number two go to iceland . 
 mission number three , get the key and hightail it out of the deadlands . 
 am i missing anything ? '' 
 `` yes , '' willow said glumly and started walking towards the castle with a heavy heart . 
 `` mission impossible . '' 
 willow 's story continues in book 2 : deadlands comng soon declan 's point of view-the party look at her , declan thought to himself as soon as willow emerged into the ballroom arm in arm with pandora . 
 she 's so beautiful . 
 declan coached himself over and over again not to drool over her the instant he saw willow . 
 if it was up to him , he would n't even be attending her talisman ceremony for that purpose alone . 
 but being the head warlock 's son had its down side-being forced into the spotlight because of his father 's status , for one thing . 
 if declan had n't shown up tonight , gossip and speculation would run rampant through the covens and heaven forbid his family allowed that to happen . 
 he rolled his eyes . 
 this was going to be a long night . 
 no matter if he wanted to be here or not , the crazy thing about it was that he still found himself totally enraptured by her the second his eyes landed on willow . 
 it was n't like she was that attractive . 
 she had long auburn spiraled hair that was always a tangled mess and an average complexion with large chocolate brown eyes that he could stare into forever . 
 not to mention the many expressions that crossed her pale face that he wondered what was going through her little head and wanted to ask her constantly what she was thinking . 
 ahem . 
 like he said , she was n't that attractive . 
 from where he stood across the room , declan could tell that willow was uncomfortable with all the attention on her . 
 she spoke to several witches , shook their hands , and was hustled to the front of the room by her sisters . 
 the orchestra played beautiful songs and the room was decorated like a silvery wonderland . 
 but the extravagance of the evening still did not deter him from following willow 's every move with his eyes . 
 he almost laughed when willow adjusted her dress , thinking no one noticed . 
 ha ! 
 little did she know his attention was focused solely on her . 
 she wore an elegant blue gown that made her hair pop out dramatically , but this was n't the willow he knew . 
 she always wore jeans and a t-shirt . 
 in fact , he had never seen her in anything but jeans every time he saw her . 
 he barely saw her , anyways , but when he did , the impression she left on him lasted for days . 
 she always seemed to weasel her way into his thoughts even when he was n't around her -lrb- the teasing vixen -rrb- and it was an amazing shock to his system seeing the way willow 's body moved in that tight dress . 
 wow . 
 she had him totally baited , hooked , and caught , and she did n't even see him standing there . 
 pandora made the announcement for everyone to find their seats for dinner . 
 since he was practically royalty among the magic casters , his table was near the front . 
 it would give him a perfect view of her . 
 willow and her sisters sat facing the audience , and willow 's cheeks were ten shades of reds . 
 he chuckled to himself and found it extremely amusing how awkward she was when the attention was all on her . 
 but then he noticed willow kept turning her head to glance behind her . 
 ah . 
 it just dawned on him . 
 hekate had shown up , which was probably the cause of willow 's discomfort . 
 she was the queen of witches . 
 even though warlocks did n't have to follow orders from the queen , since they had their own hierarchy , she was still an icon for all magic casters and someone to look up to . 
 his father , emerson aldridge , was who warlocks turned to for anything such as settling disputes , solving problems , those types of things . 
 he guessed his father could be dubbed the king , but nobody called him that . 
 hekate never really showed up anywhere unless it was a circumstance for people to fawn over her . 
 it did n't seem like she served a purpose for the witches , although she was always talked about as being a great leader . 
 declan scoffed , never seeing the fruits of her labor . 
 hekate was creepy-looking , though , with her flitting black eyes and long black hair . 
 she reminded declan of a living corpse . 
 so ... he turned his attention back on willow , because she was much better looking than hekate . 
 he decided right then that he was going to ask willow for a dance . 
 oh , she could throw a fit like he knew she would , but nothing was going to stop him from touching her . 
 he 's had several girlfriends in the past , all who were first degree witches . 
 but they did n't mean anything and they lasted a month at most . 
 he always got bored of them . 
 the `` magic '' as it were , simply was n't there . 
 he had never met anyone who made him feel complete . 
 declan still loved the attention from the girls , loved being popular with his friends , but something was always missing . 
 and one thing that willow did not show him was complete and obsessive affection . 
 unlike all the other witches who threw themselves at his feet begging for him to go out with them , willow was the exact opposite . 
 she argued with him , tested his patience , and never flirted . 
 she had stomped on his foot one time because he taunted her about being a better magic caster ! 
 and he proved it too ! 
 declan hated losing , no matter who it was . 
 he was competitive and would get his spells right . 
 he was at the top of his class for goodness sake , so he better damn well get his spells dead accurate . 
 he did that night , but it had completely embarrassed her because she got the spell wrong . 
 he felt bad afterwards and wanted to apologize , but she evaded him every time he approached her . 
 she was so frustrating . 
 yet willow 's indifference towards him intrigued him like no other . 
 she was witty , he 'd give her that , but did she know how much she affected him ? 
 he was like a swooning teenager when she was around . 
 resorting to him being self-conscious about his looks , trying to get her to notice him , but all his attempts at charming her had failed , which was so crazy because it was like she was the only witch immune to his charisma . 
 she just argued with him and tried avoiding him . 
 tonight , however , she would face him . 
 of that he was certain . 
 but there was something different about willow , something he could n't shake . 
 declan could admit he had a temper . 
 he was moody and selfish and his emotions went wild sometimes . 
 he could do some serious damage when he was upset , but willow was like his sedative drug . 
 she calmed him , made him focus . 
 it was really weird , because even though he hardly spent any time in her presence , whenever he was around her , he felt better . 
 he 'd never tell her that , though . 
 he would never tell her how much he wanted her because she did n't reciprocate his feelings . 
 the activities switched for the night as the dancing started . 
 this was his chance . 
 no matter what his jack ass friends would say , he was going to have the first dance with the enchanting willow rose . 
 straightening his louis vuitton tux jacket and pushing his bangs out of his face , he made his way over to her . 
 his heart was beating steadily . 
 he was nervous , but not in the scared , cry-baby way . 
 he was nervous because the closer he got to her , the more he could feel the energy around him change . 
 it was electric and exciting-something only willow could do to him . 
 she was on a mission . 
 her eyes were trained on the table that had punch and hors d’oeurvres . 
 he followed her gaze and smirked , noticing she was trying to make her way to her friend ... whatever her name was . 
 she did n't even see him coming her way ! 
 quickly , he took one huge step to stand in front of her . 
 he did n't expect her to run into him completely , but she totally did ! 
 she ran smack into his body and stumbled back . 
 the instant she touched him , declan trembled slightly . 
 this witch was really affecting him tonight and maybe it was because he had n't had contact with her for a few months . 
 declan watched the expression of shock and surprise cross her face , but then she quickly masked it into confusion and anger . 
 declan smirked . 
 what is going on in your head , baby ? 
 he asked in his mind . 
 if only willow knew the thoughts that were running through his head . 
 instead , he decided to put his defenses up , tapping into the cool resolve she seemed to hate . 
 `` willow rose , '' he bowed slightly meeting her irritated stare dead on . 
 `` will you do me the honor of sharing your first dance with me ? '' 
 willow shifted uncomfortably under his unwavering gaze and declan only smiled wider . 
 he liked how he could so easily get under her skin , and loved to get a reaction out of her . 
 his question did just that . 
 everyone around them cooed and awed , but declan did n't care . 
 all he saw was willow . 
 he could see the wheels turning in her head , contemplating on rejecting him , no doubt . 
 but he was the head warlocks son ! 
 surely she knew if he denied him a dance , it would be frowned upon and scandalous behavior . 
 he looked briefly into her eyes . 
 chocolate , his favorite food . 
 unlike his lighter hazel color , willow 's was deep and soulful , beautiful and entrancing . 
 `` it would be my pleasure , '' she said . 
 yep . 
 he won . 
 again . 
 he never lost , not once , and it would n't start tonight . 
 it only increased his arrogance as he smiled lazily at her watching as she squirmed under his gaze . 
 he nearly laughed out loud when willow took the formal dancing posture once they reached the center floor . 
 declan took her hands and drew her close , though , placing his hand on the small of her back . 
 of course , he wanted his hand to drift farther south , but that would be far from appropriate for this occasion . 
 yet it crossed his mind several times . 
 her dress was nearly backless . 
 god , what was she trying to do ? 
 kill him ? 
 willow glanced quickly at his mouth . 
 what was this ? 
 declan would 've missed it if he was n't watching her every move . 
 why did she look at his lips ? 
 he groaned inwardly . 
 all he could think about was kissing the shit out of her , now . 
 god he wanted to kiss her . 
 he wanted to kiss her so bad he could n't stand it ! 
 his skin was on fire for her . 
 but then the music started and drew him out of the spell she put him in . 
 `` just follow my lead , '' declan said with as much confidence as he could muster . 
 he was a trained ballroom dancer and knew how to guide his woman across the floor . 
 so he did just that . 
 losing himself in her while they danced was fun , until a sharp pain in his leg woke him from his stupor , he looked down quickly . 
 did she just -- ? 
 `` ugh ! '' 
 declan moaned in her ear when she stepped on his foot . 
 she stepped on his foot ? 
 what was with her and stepping on people 's feet ? 
 when she did it again , he snapped at her . 
 `` will you stop it ? '' 
 `` do n't lead so fast and then maybe i would , '' she snapped back looking down at her feet to concentrate . 
 it was cute , how she was so uncoordinated . 
 `` oh , so it 's my fault ? '' 
 he taunted her . 
 he tried to deepen his voice to make her feel uncomfortable . 
 it did n't work . 
 `` yes , '' she said flatly . 
 `` you 're the one who asked me to dance , so yes , that makes it your fault . '' 
 `` ow , '' he winced when she stepped on his foot again . 
 `` well , i did n't know you were so terrible at it . '' 
 he then looked down at her and smirked knowingly . 
 `` but the one thing you are good at is stepping on people 's feet . '' 
 oh , he went there alright . 
 he could n't help it ! 
 he had to let her know that he did n't forget about their little argument they had the last time he saw her . 
 `` you 're such a baby , '' she said trying to pull away from him . 
 she just insulted him and called him a baby . 
 that was the best she could do ? 
 it was almost funny . 
 declan felt her trying to pull away but he was n't done with her yet . 
 he 'd never be done with her , so drew her closer until her body was flush against his , trying to savor this moment he had with her , because it would be the last for a while probably . 
 his grip around her waist was strong . 
 she could n't move-she would n't move unless he had something to say about it . 
 he was way stronger than her , anyways , and could overpower her small frame so easily . 
 and that of course , led to thoughts of dominating her in the bedroom . 
 how good it would make him feel to see her resilient attitude towards him change when she finally submitted to him . 
 but he would n't force himself on her . 
 never . 
 despite what people may say about him , he was actually a gentleman and knew how to respect a woman , even though his very private thoughts were shielded from everybody but him . 
 all he could do was fantasize about something that might never happen . 
 as far as he knew , willow rose resented him . 
 but maybe one day , her feeling towards him would change . 
 in the meantime , he would do what he loved to do to her , taunt , play and flirt with her . 
 twirling her around , he leaned down and whispered in her ear , `` you 're just jealous that i 'm a better dancer than you ... and a better spell caster . '' 
 his lips tickled her ear as he finally guided willow out of the center of the floor towards the edge . 
 he had a sudden urge to nibble her ear , but resisted . 
 they stopped moving , but declan continued to hold her firmly . 
 damn , she felt so good against him . 
 he wanted to move his hands and explore every single inch of her perfect body . 
 he was thinking of trying to seduce her . 
 she always took him to that level , no matter how hard he tried to resist her . 
 she was the only witch that could affect him that way . 
 willow looked up at him , batted her eyelashes shyly , and ever so slowly stepped into him even more . 
 what the hell ? 
 what was she doing ? 
 whatever it was , he hoped she would n't stop . 
 declan 's eyebrows jacked up and his mouth fell open slightly . 
 there was no space between their bodies now . 
 willow leaned in close to his mouth and he froze , confused . 
 his body was tense and still against hers . 
 whispering huskily and as sexily as she could , she said , `` you know what ? 
 you may be a better spell caster than me , but i 'm better at everything else ... '' his grip loosened on her instantly and she quickly squirmed out of his hold smiling complacently . 
 she left him standing there stunned and turned on . 
 whoa . 
 declan had to lean into the wall and take a deep breath . 
 instead of him seducing her , the tables had turned ! 
 she had seduced him ! 
 and she was damn good at it ! 
 was she implying that she was better at kissing , or sex , or what ? 
 what did her word everything mean ? 
 the damn woman was so bewitching ! 
 declan watched her body sway as she moved quickly away from him . 
 she had a nice backside and he shamelessly admired the view . 
 she would be the death of him ! 
 his heart was beating out of control , confirming all the emotions swirling inside of him . 
 right then , declan aldridge had made a decision . 
 right then , declan knew that he wanted to possess the beautiful willow rose in every way . 
 chapter 1 darkmeer academy `` not that i 'm all excited about entering a school filled with a bunch of crazy , male warlocks , but if it 's all right with you , i think i 'm going to sit this one out , '' the werewolf chase hawthorne said , putting his hands on his hips assessing the large ominous silver gate that bordered the entire castle of darkmeer academy . 
 the gate stood nearly ten feet tall and was sure to be protected by extensive spells to ward off intruders . 
 it was n't meant to look welcoming . 
 willow rose turned to face him and smirked . 
 `` do i detect a hint of fear , wolf-boy ? '' 
 `` puh-lease , '' chase said waving his hand in the air dramatically . 
 `` i 'm just saying that somebody has to stay here and protect elirana 's virtue from all those hot-headed warlocks who do n't know how to respect a woman . '' 
 he looked back at elirana and winked . 
 `` is that an insult to my race , chase ? '' 
 willow chided , knowing she was taunting the very person who incessantly flirted with any woman on legs . 
 `` not at all , healer baby . 
 besides , do n't you want to face pretty boy yourself ? 
 i do n't think he 'd be too happy to see me with you . '' 
 `` you 're right , chase . 
 i should be the one to do this . 
 i can do this . 
 yep . 
 i 'm going to do this . '' 
 `` now who 's being scared ? '' 
 chase came up to her . 
 his gorgeous blue eyes glowed from the green lights coming out of the castle windows . 
 sometimes , it was easy to forget chase was a werewolf , until his physical body showed the obvious signs . 
 his midnight black hair hung on his forehead as he stood with a cool , yet cocky demeanor . 
 he glanced back at elirana again , who was standing patiently waiting for willow to make a decision . 
 willow could sense that chase was very protective of the beautiful elf maiden , but she had n't made a connection as to why just yet . 
 elirana stood quietly with her arms crossed in a casual stance . 
 she did n't make a sound , but there was skepticism in her facial expression . 
 if willow was n't looking directly at her , she would think her and chase were the only two around . 
 elirana had long blonde hair , pointy ears , and wore a long flowing maroon gown that emphasized her slender figure . 
 her face was completely smooth and void of any blemishes . 
 she was breathtakingly beautiful , but willow knew that all elves were attractive and youthful looking . 
 that was n't the point . 
 the point was that they were also a secretive race , and at times , deadly . 
 they could be so mellifluous and sneaky it was unnerving watching her stand there as immobile as a statue , which she could probably do for hours without tiring . 
 willow did n't say anything as she looked past the gate towards darkmeer academy . 
 she was scared , but it was an entirely different kind of fear than chase 's . 
 just hours ago , willow had rejected the love of her life , declan aldridge , who happened to be the son of the head warlock of the emerald circle , the most powerful of the warlock orders . 
 now , she had to go into the academy with her head held high and beg him to go with her group to the deadlands in search for the key that would unlock pandora 's box . 
 at least , that was what the seeker carmela intended when she sent her through a portal and willow winded up at the very place said broken hearted person was . 
 willow looked down at her talisman , a beautiful , thin golden bracelet linked to a ring around her middle finger , reminding her why she was here in the first place . 
 the talisman silently pumped magic into her body , strengthening and expanding the magic within her . 
 in the moonlight , it was faintly tinted a light yellow color . 
 it was finally where it was meant to be . 
 she should be confident that her powers were slowly gaining strength and stamina , and yet , she was far from being assured with who she was . 
 and that insecurity may be due to the fact that an evil witch wanted to kill her . 
 well , actually , it was the exact reason . 
 hekate , the queen of all witches and high prophesier of magic casters had hidden willow 's talisman in the dangerous forest of the everwild so willow 's magic would remain stagnant , allowing hekate time to kill her . 
 hekate desired willow 's power , capable of healing any magical creature by touching them . 
 this power was so rare , that centuries had gone by before the gift appeared again . 
 through willow , the healing power emerged . 
 but this power , which was supposed to be a blessing to all magical races , had turned out as more of a curse , because everything willow knew had been forcefully taken from her . 
 hekate had manipulated everyone into believing she was working for the good of others . 
 but this was the biggest lie in the history of magic casters , for secretly hekate had been killing and gaining the magic from other casters to increase her power among their race to ultimately become omnipotent . 
 she betrayed all magic casters by becoming an extractor , and by doing so , locked the sisters of her coven in pandora 's box , feeding hekate more power by holding them hostage there . 
 a box of souls slowly -lrb- very slowly -rrb- drains the magic out of those trapped in it . 
 this gave hekate the ultimate leverage against willow . 
 she knew willow would go to great lengths to save her sisters . 
 they were what mattered most . 
 she loved them and missed them terribly . 
 hekate put the key in the deadlands to make it impossible to retrieve . 
 if no one went there to find it , then no one could free the souls . 
 it was simple logic , but twisted at best . 
 hekate was afraid she would be overpowered and if she had the key with her , it would only be too easy to undo the spell to free the souls . 
 by hiding the key in the deadlands , hekate was sending willow a clear message : do not attempt to recover the key . 
 but if finding the key was the only way to free her sisters , willow would go , whether she wanted to or not . 
 `` i smell magic , '' chase said turning her thoughts back to the task at hand . 
 `` i 'm not even going to comment on that one , '' willow rolled her eyes . 
 the whole place was filled with spells , charms , enchantments , and magic casters ! 
 of course it smelled like it ! 
 `` no , it 's fresh , '' chase said looking to the left , `` like someone just cast a spell . 
 maybe we can follow it to the source and find a way in , '' he suggested . 
 willow turned and raised her eyebrows at him . 
 `` unless of course you were planning on walking in through the front doors to say hi ... '' `` no . 
 the less people know i 'm here the better . 
 lead on , oh fearless guide . '' 
 `` just like old times , huh ? '' 
 chase whispered excitedly and started following the scent . 
 willow rolled her eyes and reluctantly followed chase -lrb- who led her into trouble more often than not -rrb- , but she did n't exactly have a plan to get inside darkmeer yet , so she trusted chase to guide her . 
 they walked northward in line with the gate around the castle . 
 being careful to stay near the forest that bordered the academy , they could be easily concealed within the shadows . 
 willow did n't turn around to make sure elirana was there , but the elf had nowhere to go , so she did n't need to worry about her . 
 besides , elirana knew where the deadlands were and had promised to take them there . 
 she would n't abandon them now . 
 when an elf made a promise , they were faithful enough to follow through . 
 willow was keeping her eyes on the ground trying not to trip or fall over anything . 
 she did n't have wolf vision like chase and was n't exactly coordinated when it came to walking in forests , so when chase stopped abruptly in his tracks , willow ran smack into his back . 
 `` chase ! '' 
 she gasped but was instantly silenced when chase pushed her deeper into the forest . 
 he put a finger to his mouth and pointed straight ahead of him . 
 he was still blocking her view , as he was both really tall and muscular , so willow nudged him to move so she could take a look . 
 three figures stood conversing quietly just feet from them . 
 one was behind the gate on the academy side , while the other two were on the forest side . 
 it was obvious the two on their side were girls , even though their backs were turned from them . 
 they had small statures , long hair , and were wearing short , kinky gothic looking clothes , complimented with fish net stockings . 
 it was well into the fall months and their clothes were far from appropriate for this weather . 
 what was going on , who were they , and what were they doing at the warlock academy at this hour ? 
 `` what are you going to do ? 
 just walk up to them ? '' 
 chase hissed in her ear . 
 willow shrugged . 
 at this point , she was just acting out of pure instinct . 
 she waited a little longer , unsure of how to approach the situation . 
 suddenly , a green light beam lit up their view and willow breathed a sigh of relief . 
 luck was on her side ! 
 she recognized the warlock behind the gate . 
 it was finley harris , one of declan 's friends and part of the emerald circle order . 
 she could spot that mess of shaggy blonde hair anywhere . 
 not to mention he had large distinguishing ears that poked out of his hair . 
 he was wearing a long black cloak to blend in with the night , but there was no mistaking him . 
 finley was using his magic to cut a small opening in the gate and then bowed to the girls welcoming them in . 
 they turned to each other and giggled , entering the gate to the other side , and then finley sealed the gap back up . 
 how he was able to make that hole without setting off the defensive magic baffled her , since he was only a warlock in training and the teachers at the academy made sure their students could n't break the barrier unless they were preapproved to leave the grounds . 
 but she could n't reflect on it because right now finley and the girls were heading back up to the castle . 
 without thinking , willow sprinted up to the gate . 
 `` finn ! '' 
 she called out to him , careful not to touch the silver gate , even though she stopped inches from it . 
 finley immediately stopped walking and whipped around to face her . 
 he stood there squinting in the dark , trying to see who it was . 
 the girls with him also turned around and crossed their arms , looking shocked and slightly annoyed . 
 finley slowly walked back up to the gate . 
 using magic , he created a small light in the palm of his hand and held it up so he could get a better look at willow . 
 recognition dawned on his face and his eyes grew wide as he regarded her . 
 `` well , well , well , '' finley said haughtily . 
 `` what do we have here ? 
 is that you , willow rose ? '' 
 `` yes , of course it 's me , finn , '' willow snapped back annoyed . 
 she did n't like the taunting tone he was using towards her . 
 out of all the warlocks in declan 's posse , she disliked finley the most , so of course , it had to be him that was here now . 
 finley sneered . 
 `` what the hell are you doing here , healer ? '' 
 he mocked her . 
 willow took a few calming breaths before speaking . 
 she really did n't like finley . 
 `` i have to see declan . 
 there 's something important i have to ask him . '' 
 `` i think it 's too late to ask for forgiveness , willow . 
 you broke him . '' 
 `` how do you know about that ? '' 
 willow asked alarmed . 
 `` i 'm his best friend . 
 i can tell when something 's off with him . 
 and he is acting way , way off . 
 something 's changed in him . 
 he gets angry and snaps so easily . 
 i only assumed it was because he was forced to come to the academy . 
 but then he ` fessed up and told me the whole story . 
 hate to break it to you , sweetheart , but you 're the last person he wants to see . '' 
 `` finley , i 'm only going to tell you this once so listen up ! '' 
 willow scolded . 
 `` you better let me in right now , or i 'll alert the headmaster of this little shindig you 've got going on here . 
 whatever it is you 're doing with those girls . 
 knowing you , it 's something that should n't be happening . 
 so what 's it gon na be ? 
 let me in or get in serious trouble ? '' 
 finley huffed loudly and crossed his arms . 
 willow had caught him . 
 she could see the conflict in his eyes as he was weighing his options . 
 willow crossed her arms and tapped the ground impatiently , smirking a little too cockily . 
 finally , finley 's shoulders hunched in defeat as he walked up to the gate and once again , created a gap so willow could pass through . 
 `` good choice , finny , '' willow teased him and patted him on the shoulder . 
 when finley sealed the gate again , he cursed and said , `` god willow , i did n't realize you were such a bitch ! 
 i ca n't see the reason why declan 's so hung up about you . '' 
 `` happy to be here too , '' she replied blandly , trying not to be affected by his name calling . 
 finley told her to follow him and took off again at a faster pace . 
 he was in a much more unpleasant mood than when willow saw him talking to the girls , and it had every bit to do with the fact that she was here . 
 willow turned quickly behind her , and even though she could n't see chase or elirana in the shadows , she knew they were there . 
 she gestured at them to stay there and then gave them a thumb 's up , trudging after finley towards darkmeer academy 
