 the coalition episode 4 copyright 2013 aria j. wolfe jacket art copyright © 2013 by yvette r. dempster smashwords edition this is a work of fiction . 
 names , characters , places and incidents either are the product of the author 's imagination or are used fictitiously . 
 any resemblance to actual persons , living or dead , events , or locales is entirely coincidental . 
 http://ariajwolfe.com first edition april 2014 all rights reserved . 
 kingdomnow publishing , rr 2 site 456 box 4 comp 9 , drayton valley , alberta , canada . 
 no portion of this book may be reproduced , stored in a retrieval system , or transmitted in any form by any mean - electronic , mechanical , photocopy , recording , or any other - with the exception of brief quotes for reviews and blogs , without the prior written consent of the publisher . 
 scripture taken from the message . 
 copyright © 1993 , 1994 , 1995 , 1996 , 2000 , 2001 , 2002 . 
 used by permission of navpress publishing group smashwords edition license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only , then please return to smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 table of contents author 's note episode 4 chapter 1 : shai chapter 2 : aliah chapter 3 : shai chapter 4 : aliah chapter 5 : aliah chapter 6 : shai chapter 7 : aliah chapter 8 : shai chapter 9 : aliah chapter 10 : shai chapter 11 : aliah chapter 12 : shai chapter 13 : aliah chapter 14 : aliah chapter 15 : shai chapter 16 : shai chapter 17 : shai chapter 18 : shai chapter 19 : shai chapter 20 : shai chapter 21 : ava about aria j. wolfe other books by aria j. wolfe connect with aria j. wolfe author 's note you are about to read the coalition episode 4 -lrb- of 4 -rrb- . 
 this book was written in four separate parts with each part ending on a cliff-hanger . 
 life is really a series of `` wait-and-see 's '' which is why i decided to release this novel is four separate episodes first . 
 if you liked the first episode then you had to wait and see what would happen in the second episode . 
 but , for those of you who missed the day that the virtue patience was handed out -lrb- or because you simply want do n't want to wait -rrb- , you can read the entire novel in either ebook format or paperback , released april 22 , 2014 . 
 option one : read the coalition in four separate , weekly episodes option two : read the coalition in one full novel -lrb- ebook or paper -rrb- released april 22 . 
 either way you prefer to read it , my hope is that you 'll enjoy it . 
 and not only enjoy it , but be transformed . 
 as you read you may see yourself in one of the characters . 
 or maybe two . 
 remember , what you do n't know can kill you . 
 and things are not always as they seem . 
 get ready . 
 episode 4 -lrb- of 4 -rrb- chapter 1 shai the man 's wrinkled face looked like an old brown sheet , creased and dried from too much sun . 
 his bright blue eyes shone with kindness in spite of the fact he 'd just pressed a knife blade into aliah 's back . 
 aliah grimaced and stopped walking but said nothing even as the old man demanded them to identify themselves . 
 shai slung her bag on the ground and crossed her arms . 
 `` is that any way to treat fellow kentites ? 
 i 'm shai eli . 
 remiel sent us . '' 
 her heart hammered in her throat . 
 she hoped she sounded convincing . 
 aliah flicked his eyes her way with one brow raised . 
 what is that all about ? 
 is he annoyed ? 
 the man 's face wrinkled even more . 
 he dropped the hand that held the knife . 
 his eyes creased in the corners and were swallowed up in the brown folds of skin . 
 it took shai a moment to realize the changes to his face meant he was smiling . 
 his lips parted in a delayed toothy grin , like his mouth smiled separately from the rest of his face . 
 he bowed low , sweeping the blade in front of him , dragging it on the ground . 
 dust spiraled up then settled on the toes of his boots . 
 `` any friend of remiel 's is a friend of ours . 
 welcome . 
 let me take you to the center . '' 
 the trio followed the old man down the middle of the street . 
 his plain brown tunic and long cape dragged the ground , marking a trail in the dust . 
 white hair bobbed at the base of his neck in a messy clump that he had tied with a boot-string . 
 shai walked beside aliah who still had n't said a word . 
 his face had no expression but his eyes darted left and right as though he was looking for something or someone . 
 kael walked behind shai , clearing his throat every few steps . 
 was it the dust that bothered him or had he developed a nervous habit during the last few seconds ? 
 someone touched her shoulder . 
 `` shai . 
 did i hear you say that remiel sent us ? 
 how do you know him ? '' 
 kael whispered . 
 shai slowed down until aliah and the old man were several paces in front . 
 `` he 's ... i uh . 
 i 've known him for a while . 
 from lael . '' 
 how much should she say ? 
 remiel had left when kael appeared . 
 did he leave because of kael or was it a coincidence ? 
 knowing kael had travelled for several days just to give her back the key made her feel obligated to be nice to him even if she had to choke back suspicion . 
 she could n't forget what she had overheard him tell his sister in conley . 
 but she had to admit she appreciated kael 's sudden appearance for no other reason than she knew it made aliah uncomfortable . 
 yet , she hesitated to mention kael 's kiss in front of aliah . 
 she might still be angry at aliah but she did n't want to hurt him or provoke his anger toward kael . 
 they walked the rest of the way in silence , passing nameless stone buildings with black smoke puffing out their tops until they stopped in front of a squat grey building without windows . 
 several more dusty roads led to taller , rounder buildings on the left and right . 
 sunlight slanted across the road , broken by the shadows of the massive rock structures that defined the boundaries of sector seven . 
 everything was a dismal grey , interrupted only by the bright red kent flames . 
 `` here we are . 
 the center . '' 
 the old man swung his arms wide , still holding the knife and narrowly missing aliah with it . 
 `` wait here and i will tell elchai that you are here . '' 
 true to its name the center was in the middle of the community with all roads leading to it . 
 aliah shuffled his feet in the dust , shifting from one foot to the other . 
 kael suddenly became still and quiet , his green eyes large and round . 
 shai crossed her arms in front of her to still the fluttering in her stomach . 
 `` you know what 's odd about this place ? '' 
 she asked nobody in particular . 
 `` yeah . 
 other than that old man there 's no one living here . 
 at least it seems that way . 
 there are no houses . '' 
 kael looked around as he spoke . 
 `` yes , that but there 's something else . 
 everything is grey like in lael except for the symbols they 've painted on everything . '' 
 shai lifted a shoulder in a half-shrug . 
 she meant it as an observation but anxiety made the statement sound sharp , more like a criticism . 
 she breathed a slow breath out . 
 this was her birth-place . 
 she should be thrilled about being here , but dread had begun a sneaky assault against her since they stepped into kent . 
 kael leaned back against a shadowy part of the building beside the door . 
 he crossed his arms like shai and squinted . 
 his carefree attitude eased the knots in her stomach a little . 
 `` their symbols are not so odd if you think about it , shai . 
 where i 'm from we use brands to show our boundary-line trees and to set ourselves apart from other sectors . 
 identification . 
 where you 're from , you do n't brand or mark anything but you wear those things around your neck . 
 it 's still identification . '' 
 `` where 'd you learn that ? 
 your history books ? '' 
 aliah 's too-loud voice crushed the fragile sense of peace that had begun to settle around shai . 
 tangible tension emanated from aliah as he stood with his feet apart , hands at his sides , stiff and straight like the buildings that surrounded them . 
 shai glared at him . 
 what is his problem ? 
 something moved in the street and three pairs of eyes turned to look . 
 a small , white animal with large blue eyes dashed across the road and disappeared behind a building . 
 the fur around its middle was red and stood on end from its back making the animal look as though it were on fire . 
 shai covered her mouth with her hand to smother a squeak . 
 `` what was that ? 
 a branded animal ? '' 
 kael pushed himself away from the building and stood beside shai . 
 `` that was a cat . 
 it was marked , not branded . 
 this is a brand . '' 
 he held out his wrist with the cuff of his shirt pulled up , exposing his scar in the shape of the conley crescent . 
 `` yours is a brand too . 
 we 're alike that way . '' 
 shai started to shrug again but stopped when she saw his face . 
 his eyebrows creased in the middle , his lips pursed . 
 he was serious . 
 his sudden intensity over the branding made her insides twist with uneasiness . 
 was he really that concerned about the difference between marking and branding ? 
 kael 's eyes were hooded as he turned towards her . 
 `` a brand is a permanent identification . 
 a mark can be washed off or even changed . 
 that 's an important difference . '' 
 shai glanced at aliah who 'd been watching her , his face unreadable . 
 when she looked back at kael his eyes had brightened and he smiled . 
 all traces of seriousness had vanished , replaced by casual ease . 
 he ran hot and cold , as unsettled as lael 's rocky river bed when it was stirred up by stormy rapids . 
 but what he had said reminded her that remiel had also said something about sector brands and identity . 
 lael had no brand which meant they had no identity , no one to belong to . 
 they were orphans . 
 i 'm an orphan . 
 the word made her chest feel hollow . 
 a sudden sweat broke out on her face in spite of the icy grip of fear that enveloped her . 
 the door behind them opened and the old man stuck his head out . 
 `` elchai ca n't see you until tomorrow . 
 but for now you can come inside , away from the heat , to rest . 
 do come in . 
 i 'm krell . '' 
 the old man led them down a shadowy hall lit only by wall sconces . 
 the smell of boiled cabbage and sweaty boots permeated the air . 
 shai wrinkled her nose then walked right into the back of aliah who had suddenly stopped in front of her . 
 kael slammed into her from behind with a muffled oomph . 
 light shone in a hazy circle around their legs and shai realized krell had descended a few steps underground while holding a candle . 
 `` leave all weapons with the guard at the door when you enter the underground . '' 
 when the shaft of light disappeared shai reached out and grabbed a hold of aliah 's sweater before he walked down the stairs . 
 with her free hand she touched the cool walls to keep steady . 
 they descended into complete darkness . 
 each thump thump down the steps matched shai 's heartbeat . 
 it hardly seemed like they could ` rest ' in a place so dark and rank . 
 and she could n't help but think they 'd been blindly trusting this man they just met . 
 what if he led them straight to their deaths ? 
 the dim light returned when they came around a corner but it was n't from the old man 's candle . 
 a large man with more beard than face , stepped in front of them holding a lantern . 
 he pointed to a narrow table against the wall where various items lay strewn across it : knives of several different shapes and sizes , chunks of chain , sticks with metal tips , and balls with spikes along with a few table spoons and forks . 
 aliah started to walk past the guard but a beefy arm blocked him . 
 `` knife . '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 aliah growled then pulled a thin table knife out and slammed it on the table . 
 how did the guard know aliah had a knife concealed in the waistband of his pants ? 
 kael muffled a snort behind his hand . 
 aliah took a step toward kael and a folded piece of paper fluttered to the ground . 
 shai picked it up , but aliah snatched it from her . 
 `` next . '' 
 the guard growled . 
 aliah moved aside and shai began to follow , but the guard stepped in front of her . 
 `` i have no weapons . '' 
 the guard pointed to her neck . 
 shai laughed and touched eliana 's pendant . 
 `` it 's a necklace . 
 it 's harmless . '' 
 `` no weapon from gershom is harmless . '' 
 he jabbed a thumb over his shoulder at a sign she had n't noticed before posted on the wall above the table . 
 no weapon formed against us will prosper . 
 every item with intent to harm must be placed on the table . 
 please collect your weapons on your way out . 
 `` it 's not from gershom , it 's from lael . 
 it 's just a necklace . 
 there 's no intent to harm . '' 
 the guard did n't move . 
 `` everything produced in gershom carries an intent to harm . 
 whether it 's mind-altering liquids , wizardry , shape-shifting , hallucinogenic tonics , powders , sprays or ... '' `` take off the pendant , shai . '' 
 aliah stepped into the circle of lantern light . 
 only a dark green rim could be seen around his dilated pupils . 
 `` this is ridiculous ! 
 it 's just simple , laelite jewelry ! 
 why do n't you take yours off , aliah ? '' 
 `` i did . 
 after kael caught up to us . 
 just do it , shai . '' 
 aliah 's face looked tight , like his skin had been stretched across a weaver 's loom . 
 her legs trembled and a strange weakness began to crawl up her legs . 
 pin-pricks of pain travelled up and down her arms and her shirt clung to the moist patches that gathered on her back and chest . 
 kael touched her shoulder and whispered , `` let me handle this . '' 
 he picked up a massive knife with a curved blade and held it up to the light as he slid a thumb across its blade . 
 `` ouch ! 
 that 's a fine piece of weaponry right there . 
 oh , and look at this one . '' 
 he reached for a double-bladed knife , but the guard was faster . 
 he knocked the weapon out of kael 's hand then pushed him against the wall with one swift motion , pinning him with a thick forearm across kael 's chest . 
 the lantern swung wildly from the guard 's free hand . 
 aliah grabbed shai 's elbow and hissed in her ear , `` if you insist on keeping the damn thing then let 's go . 
 now ! '' 
 shai let aliah pull her away , but she snuck a glance back at kael who was struggling to breathe beneath the guard 's crushing arm . 
 his eyes met shai 's for a brief moment before they rolled to the back of his head . 
 she yanked her arm from aliah . 
 `` that guard will kill kael ! 
 we ca n't leave him ! '' 
 aliah kept walking down the dark corridor then veered left at a fork before he finally turned around . 
 a single candle flickered inside a glass globe on the wall . 
 `` they wo n't kill him , shai . 
 they will detain him , that 's all . 
 we 'll find him before we leave . 
 right now we lay low . 
 lose ourselves in the crowd for a while . 
 i need to talk to elchai before going to gershom so do n't do anything that will get us kicked out of here . '' 
 aliah turned around and began walking again . 
 `` where are we going ? 
 and how do you know they wo n't kill kael ? 
 they make weapons here , aliah . 
 they probably know how to use them too . '' 
 aliah 's voice echoed in the narrow hallway . 
 `` they do more than just make weapons , they sense the presence of weaponry , shai . 
 it 's how that guard knew i had a knife and that you have a pendant . 
 they are the military branch for the whole division . 
 they 're protectors . '' 
 protectors ? 
 she did n't feel any safer here than she did when she was alone in the borderless . 
 and the putrid smell in the tunnels burned her nostrils . 
 if she breathed too deeply it made her cough and she felt like she would suffocate . 
 she stopped to put her hand on the wall for balance and took small , shallow breaths . 
 a low hum buzzed in her ears . 
 `` aliah ... please tell me . 
 how ... do you know ... all that ? '' 
 aliah stopped walking and shai watched his head drop forward . 
 when he turned around again he spoke more to the ground than to her . 
 `` you wo n't believe me when i tell you . 
 remiel came to conley . 
 i saw him there . 
 at first i thought i must be seeing him in a dream or hallucination , but i realized later it was real . 
 he told me the pendants make us sick , shai . 
 they alter our memories . '' 
 he looked at her , his features flat in the flickering light . 
 is that why he 's been acting so strange ? 
 well , i 'm not going to take mine off . 
 a violent tremor pulsed through her body and shai collapsed against the wall . 
 her stomach rolled and lurched . 
 she pushed her fingers through her matted hair , squeezing a fistful before dragging her shaking hands down her face . 
 it does n't matter what he says . 
 he 's just trying to control me . 
 but i wo n't be controlled . 
 not by him . 
 not by anyone . 
 we 're not in lael anymore . '' 
 aliah 's voice sounded far away , like he was speaking to her from the opposite end of a long tunnel . 
 `` when kael caught up to us i was beginning to remember more , but some things were still hazy so i got rid of my pendant . 
 those things do n't protect your life they steal it , shai . 
 listen to me ! 
 the essence inside is a poison that 's absorbed into your skin . 
 it slowly erases your memories then replaces them with new ones . '' 
 he stood in front of her and placed both hands against the wall on either side of her face . 
 `` shai , i was born a kentite warrior . 
 i 'm a protector . 
 you 're safety has always been my mission . '' 
 his eyes left her face as he glanced around them . 
 `` i remember every corner of this place . 
 i lived here until i was twelve then i moved to conley . 
 i stayed there with my mother for three years before we moved to lael . '' 
 shai shook her head and everything spun . 
 she licked her lips . 
 her mouth felt dusty and dry . 
 `` that ca n't be true aliah . 
 that means you were fifteen when you came to lael . 
 but i 've known you my entire life . 
 we grew up in lael together , not kent or conley . 
 i remember ... '' `` you remember what the pendant wants you to remember . 
 what samael wants you to remember . 
 but the memories are n't real , they are n't even yours . 
 this has become your reality . '' 
 he tapped the pendant on its chain around her neck . 
 she felt the rapid pulsing of her heartbeat beneath his fingers . 
 tears made aliah 's face blur . 
 she blinked and looked away as hot tears slid down her cheeks . 
 `` it 's eliana 's pendant . 
 not mine . 
 so how can it be my reality ? 
 no one can force their beliefs on me , aliah . 
 not even remiel . '' 
 `` it 's not just what i believe . 
 it 's the truth . '' 
 he placed his hot , dry palm against her cheek and turned her face to look at him . 
 she choked back a sob and ducked under his arm . 
 she swallowed back the bile rising in her throat . 
 shuffling sounds in the corridor behind them startled her . 
 aliah grabbed her hand . 
 `` run ! '' 
 chapter 2 aliah they ran through the sticky corridors , their shoulders and elbows grazing the rough walls as they turned down narrow corners . 
 her hand felt small and damp inside his . 
 he looked over his shoulder at her when the pulling of her hand in his became a tug . 
 she had tripped and sat rocking on her knees in the dim hallway hewn from stone . 
 a blue-grey hue had suddenly swallowed up the healthy pink of her skin and her eyes had a deep shadowy-hollow beneath them . 
 beads of sweat clustered on her forehead and upper lip . 
 what 's going on ? 
 she never once complained about not feeling well . 
 he knew it was her distrust that made her unwilling to receive his help . 
 he held back a fierce desire to rip the pendant from her neck . 
 if he could n't force her to believe the truth then he would have to show her how everything they had been taught in lael was slowly losing its grip on him . 
 a new reality had begun to dawn with new memories that were n't really new , just remembered . 
 he tossed his bag to the side and grabbed shai 's from her . 
 if he had to he 'd carry her , but not with both bags . 
 he grabbed her hand tightly and pulled her up . 
 every time she tripped and stumbled in the half-light of the tunnels he encouraged her with a ragged whisper , `` keep running . '' 
 he turned left then right then left again before he stopped in front of a small wooden door . 
 shai 's hand went limp in his . 
 he turned around and saw she had collapsed on the ground . 
 the sound of footsteps echoed in the corridor . 
 aliah ran his hand across the lintel above the door . 
 please be there . 
 please . 
 his heart thundered in his chest , his head and his ears . 
 he touched cool metal and curled his fingers around it . 
 relief made his knees weak . 
 after all these years no one had moved the key . 
 he unlocked the door and put the key back before half-dragging shai 's limp body through the door way . 
 he shut the door with his foot then dropped her bag on the floor before sliding an arm around shai to hold her up . 
 he patted the wall near the door until he found a small knob . 
 when he turned it , it made a popping noise and a yellowish light filled the room . 
 nothing had changed . 
 three wooden chairs with overstuffed brown cushions stood opposite two cots on one side of the room . 
 to his left was a small kitchen and another smaller room that he knew was the bathroom . 
 he inhaled the musty smell and blinked back sudden tears . 
 home . 
 he picked shai up and carried her to the smaller cot that used to be his , removed her shoes , and covered her with a blanket . 
 its scratchy texture and grey color reminded him of lael . 
 he tucked it under her chin just as he heard the door knob rattle and muffled voices . 
 `` hey , someone locked it . 
 did you lock it ? '' 
 `` how could i lock it ? 
 you have the key . '' 
 aliah ran across the room , tripped over shai 's bag and slammed into the rough stone wall . 
 he rubbed the bruise on his elbow and cursed under his breath . 
 he twisted the light switch to off then pressed his back against the wall just as he heard the sound of a key twisting in the lock . 
 the door opened and two dark figures entered . 
 one tapped the wall near aliah , feeling for the light switch while the other one shut the door . 
 something thumped followed by a mumbled , `` ow . 
 who left that there ? '' 
 warm fingers brushed aliah 's arm and he grabbed them in a quick , sharp twisting motion . 
 `` what the - '' aliah yanked the person against him and slid his arm around their neck while his other arm gripped a handful of their hair . 
 their heart beat furiously beneath his arm . 
 the light snapped on and illuminated a young boy around fifteen who sat on the ground with the strap of shai 's bag around one foot . 
 he feverishly rubbed the ankle of his other foot . 
 large grey eyes stared up at aliah . 
 `` hey , i know you ! 
 you 're from lael ! '' 
 the boy narrowed his eyes and aliah stared hard at him . 
 do i know him ? 
 he relaxed his grip on the person he held . 
 an elbow slammed into his stomach and he grunted then bent over , winded . 
 `` nice welcome , aliah ! 
 glad you could finally join us ! '' 
 good-natured chuckling and a familiar voice flooded aliah with relief . 
 he sucked in a breath , clutched his stomach and slowly straightened to look into the laughing , grey eyes of his friend ellersly who rubbed at the red mark on his neck where aliah 's arm had been . 
 aliah breathed out a puff of air then laughed and slapped ellersly on the back . 
 `` i did n't think this place would be occupied . 
 what are you doing here ? 
 i mean , do n't get me wrong , i 'm happy to see you , but i thought you were headed to that cave in the north . '' 
 `` the further we got from lael the more your mother remembered this place . 
 she said it 's safer to be around people than to be alone out there . 
 mara knows kent inside and out . 
 she showed us this room . 
 she said she knew you 'd find your way here too . 
 the children have already been taken in by the people here . 
 amazing bunch , these kentites . '' 
 ellersly smiled then turned to the boy on the ground . 
 `` you gon na get up uli ? '' 
 the boy 's face turned red . 
 `` i would if i could , ell . 
 i think i broke my foot tripping over this dang bag . '' 
 ellersly grabbed the bag then tossed it to aliah . 
 `` it 's shai 's , '' he told ell . 
 his chest ached as he glanced over at the mound he 'd tucked into his childhood bed . 
 `` shai ? 
 she 's here ? 
 how 'd you find her ? '' 
 ellersly broke into a wide grin . 
 he walked over to the cot to peek . 
 `` she 's sleeping . '' 
 `` she 's sick . '' 
 aliah muttered as he walked to where ellersly stood then flung shai 's bag onto his mother 's old bed . 
 `` uh , thanks for thinking of me , guys . 
 i 'll just suffer silently . '' 
 ellersly glanced over his shoulder . 
 `` you 'll live , uli . 
 quit being so melodramatic . '' 
 he pulled the blanket away from shai 's face . 
 `` what 's wrong with her ? '' 
 aliah studied ellersly for a moment . 
 an urge to tell his friend everything welled up in him , but he pushed it aside . 
 telling ellersly meant involving his friend and risking his life which was the reason he had sent ellersly away in the first place . 
 `` i do n't know what 's wrong with her . 
 fatigue i guess . 
 we 've been going for days . 
 not much to eat . 
 next to no sleep . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i 'm sure she 'll be fine in the morning . '' 
 but the sick feeling in his stomach said otherwise . 
 ellersly walked over to uli , still on the floor , and pulled the boy up by his arm . 
 `` go back to the core and tell cookie we need two more meals . 
 and bring back some canteens of water too . '' 
 aliah smiled when ellersly mentioned sector seven 's famous cook , cookie . 
 memories of a big man with no hair , a thick black mustache and smiling dark blue eyes surfaced . 
 so he is still alive . 
 aliah 's mouth twitched when he thought of something else . 
 `` hey , ell . 
 no one can know we 're here , okay ? '' 
 ellersly shrugged and nodded . 
 `` hear that , uli ? 
 say nothing . '' 
 he ushered the boy out , then closed the door and leaned against it . 
 `` how 'd you get into the center ? 
 that guard at the entrance would 've stopped you because of shai 's pendant . '' 
 aliah nodded . 
 `` he did stop us , but shai would n't let it go . 
 it was eliana 's . 
 so kael created a diversion and i ran with shai in here . 
 we were followed , but i think we lost them when we came in here . '' 
 `` kael ? '' 
 `` yeah , you remember ava from conley ? '' 
 ellersly grinned . 
 `` pretty girl with the brand on her wrist . 
 had it in for you it seemed . '' 
 aliah snorted . 
 `` that 's for sure . 
 kael 's her older brother . 
 he followed us here . '' 
 `` all the way from conley ? '' 
 ellersly shook his head and his cheeks wobbled . 
 `` that ca n't be good . 
 wonder what he wants . '' 
 he looked down at shai again , tapping a finger against his chin . 
 `` what ever happened to that page you tore out of their book in the supply house ? '' 
 aliah frowned . 
 `` you saw ? '' 
 `` i saw the look on your face when you ripped it out just before akan came in asking for it . 
 was that book our book ? 
 from lael ? '' 
 aliah turned away from ellersly 's searching eyes . 
 he ran a hand through his hair and sighed . 
 `` i ca n't , ell . 
 i wo n't involve you . '' 
 `` i 'm involved ! 
 look around , aliah . 
 quit trying to protect me all the time . 
 i did pretty good bringing all those children here . 
 you 're mother helped , but i still did pretty great . '' 
 aliah turned around again and caught the laughter in ellersly 's shining grey eyes . 
 `` and i know more than you think . '' 
 the door opened and an older woman entered . 
 she swept the room with her grey-green eyes then smiled when she saw aliah . 
 `` you made it . '' 
 she looked years younger standing in their old room . 
 the yellowish electric light caught the silver strands of her hair and made them shimmer . 
 aliah 's heart skipped and he crossed the room then pressed himself into her embrace . 
 `` i remember you , mother . 
 i really remember you . '' 
 chapter 3 shai her tongue stuck to the inside of her mouth . 
 she tried to speak through lips that refused to move . 
 a strange yellow light burned her eyes and made the tears run when she tried to see . 
 `` it 's okay , shai . 
 everything will be okay . '' 
 a buttery-soft voice spoke somewhere near her . 
 she frowned . 
 who is that ? 
 where am i ? 
 the red hue inside her eyelids darkened until she saw only black . 
 the only sounds she heard came from inside her head . 
 a metallic ping ping ping , a gentle lub dub then nothing . 
 an ache pulsed inside her head and slowly spread to her chest and her arms . 
 screams echoed inside her , filling every hollow place . 
 screams that she could n't release . 
 please help me . 
 please . 
 the words stuck inside her . 
 they stuck to her ribs , her lungs , and her throat . 
 but they were only words . 
 without sound . 
 chapter 4 aliah she 's so still . '' 
 aliah glanced at mara who 'd been smoothing back shai 's hair . 
 `` she opened her eyes once , but ... '' `` but what , mother ? '' 
 he grabbed mara 's wrist as she stroked shai 's cheek like you would a small child . 
 mara turned to aliah and laid a hand on his forearm . 
 `` her memory will soon be reset , son . '' 
 `` reset ? 
 what do you mean ? '' 
 mara went back to caressing shai 's face . 
 `` it happened to me while i was in the borderless . 
 a long time ago . 
 the watchers had confiscated my pendant when i was exiled and shortly after that i began to lose my memories . 
 or what i thought were my memories . 
 there was even a period where i remembered nothing . 
 i woke up in a camp of borderless people who fed me something that tasted wicked , but it seemed to help because then ... '' the corner of her mouth twitched and she smiled . 
 `` then i remembered pieces of my old life . 
 being here , with you and your father . 
 and then moving to conley . '' 
 `` i went through that too . '' 
 ellersly had been sitting silent on a nearby chair with his feet crossed at the ankles , picking at his nails . 
 `` in the cave with the children . 
 thought i was going crazy . 
 mara helped me and the children get through it . '' 
 aliah shoved his fingers into his hair . 
 `` so , that 's what i was dealing with . 
 on the way here . 
 fevers at first . 
 then chills and pain so bad you can hardly breathe . 
 confusion . '' 
 ellersly said , `` okay , so we all went through that but what causes the memory reset ? '' 
 mara moved a tangled strand of shai 's hair away from her neck . 
 `` this . '' 
 her voice had an edge that was n't there a moment ago . 
 aliah turned to look and ellersly got up and stood beside them . 
 mara pinched the chain around shai 's neck between her thumb and finger . 
 the pendant dangled innocently . 
 `` that ? '' 
 ellersly choked out . 
 aliah nodded at them both . 
 `` i took mine off just outside of kent . 
 but my memories had started to return before i took it off , not after . '' 
 mara dropped the chain and rubbed her hands on her trousers . 
 `` hmmm . 
 i wonder why ? 
 did you meet the borderless people ? 
 did they give you what they gave me to drink ? '' 
 mara 's grey-green eyes searched aliah 's . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` no , the only people we met were those in sector three and ... '' he stopped himself . 
 how much should he say ? 
 his mother was the one who had first told him about the book . 
 maybe it was time to tell her everything that had happened . 
 `` we met remiel . 
 he 's not dead . 
 i did n't kill him . '' 
 he looked at ellersly , who was shaking his head . 
 `` i guess i do n't have all my memories back . 
 you thought you killed remiel ? 
 i remember him vaguely . 
 i thought maybe he just moved away or something . 
 not that anyone in lael does that . '' 
 he snorted . 
 `` of course aliah did n't kill remiel . '' 
 mara said to ellersly . 
 her smile seemed to spread into her hairline . 
 she looked back at her son . 
 `` i was trying to tell you that back in the cave . '' 
 `` so you think meeting remiel was the difference in getting my memories back before i got rid of the pendant ? '' 
 `` yes , i do . 
 his presence would 've accelerated the healing process by erasing the pendant 's effects on your mind even before you took the necklace off . '' 
 aliah crossed the room and slumped into a chair . 
 `` remiel told me to take it off and why , but it took me a long time before i believed him . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i 've wasted so much time hating him . '' 
 ellersly sunk onto the floor near aliah and sighed . 
 `` i 'm still back at the part where you thought you killed remiel . '' 
 he chuckled and aliah kicked him in the leg . 
 `` ow ! '' 
 the round-faced boy rubbed his thigh . 
 `` well it 's funny if you think about it . 
 i mean , how can you kill the son of thunder ? '' 
 the room stilled . 
 aliah stared at ellersly and he could feel mara 's eyes on him . 
 ellersly 's face turned crimson . 
 `` what ? 
 what did i say ? '' 
 chapter 5 aliah `` what did you say ? '' 
 aliah stood to his feet , pulse racing . 
 `` all i said was -- '' `` i know what you said . 
 i just do n't believe it . '' 
 sweat beaded on aliah 's upper lip . 
 `` remiel is the son of thunder ? 
 how did i miss that ? '' 
 of course , it made sense . 
 remiel is headed to gershom because he knows the book is there . 
 he encouraged shai and me to go to kent for our own protection while he goes to get the book . 
 aliah sighed and pulled the crumpled paper from his waistband . 
 ellersly pushed himself off the floor . 
 `` is that it ? 
 is that the page from the book ? '' 
 mara came and looked over aliah 's arm . 
 `` you took a page from the book ? '' 
 she touched a corner of the creased paper with her fingertips . 
 `` you do n't know what you 've done , aliah . '' 
 she turned , then went back to shai , hovering over the girl 's still form . 
 `` mother , i wish you 'd stop being so cryptic . 
 tell me , what have i done ? '' 
 `` depends on which page you took . '' 
 `` the only one that i actually saw . '' 
 aliah held the paper up to the bare electric light bulb dangling from the ceiling . 
 `` this is the page . 
 here 's the map that shows the seven sectors . 
 and these are the names of the coalition . '' 
 ellersly tipped his head back and looked at the page with the yellow light behind it . '' 
 ` eli and elyon under one commanding officer , the son of thunder . ' '' 
 he read the words like an announcement , growing more breathless by the second . 
 `` eli . 
 is that a first or a last name ? 
 is n't shai an eli ? '' 
 ellersly grabbed aliah 's arm and shook it up and down . 
 `` what 's the coalition ? '' 
 `` rebels . '' 
 aliah and mara spoke together . 
 `` i think the eli mentioned is shai . 
 i just found out she has a brand ... like the one on the page . 
 the same one as in the book . '' 
 aliah 's eyes were on his mother . 
 mara nodded . 
 `` yes , i 've been trying to tell you that too . 
 the book showed you exactly what you needed to see . '' 
 `` what did he need to see ? 
 i feel out of the loop here . '' 
 ellersly persisted . 
 his mouth twisted into a pout . 
 aliah shrugged then turned away , folding the page and tucking it back into his waistband . 
 `` i do n't know , ell . '' 
 `` you needed to see that both you and shai are part of the coalition , with remiel . 
 the pendants prevented the coalition from forming because the poison kept you from remembering each other . 
 but something must 've happened in lael to have upset the balance there . 
 something big enough to change the course of events . '' 
 ellersly and aliah exchanged glances . 
 `` the children ! '' 
 ellersly grinned . 
 `` kidnapping them was a good idea after all ! '' 
 `` not really , ell . '' 
 aliah resumed his pacing . 
 `` there 's something that neither of you know . 
 samael killed sileas as pay-back for me upsetting the balance . 
 now he wants me to deliver shai to him before recruitment day-in fourteen days , or he 'll kill everyone in lael beginning with shai . '' 
 mara blanched . 
 `` aliah , he means it . 
 it looks like that 's what 's happening now . 
 shai 's connected to samael through this pendant . '' 
 `` but she 'll be okay right ? 
 i mean , we all went through it . '' 
 ellersly chewed his fingernails while aliah went to shai . 
 her pale face seemed to disappear into the sheets beneath her . 
 the skin of her cheeks and her hands , folded on her chest , had a translucent appearance . 
 like the underbellies of the white fish i used to catch when i was younger . 
 he sucked in a breath . 
 another memory . 
 `` it wo n't be the same for her as it was for us . 
 everyone gets a choice and she 's chosen to keep the pendant on . 
 its affects are far too great now , even if we took it off her . 
 if she was still in lael she 'd go to sleep as usual and when she woke up , aside from a vague foggy feeling , she 'd never know her memory had been reset . 
 none of us knew . '' 
 aliah swallowed hard . 
 `` you mean ... '' `` ever since the pendants , we 've lived our lives on repeat . 
 living in a virtual memory-loop . 
 every twenty-one days our memories would be reset . 
 the daily chapel meetings were for reinserting the memories we were supposed to keep . 
 conditioning , it 's called . 
 we had no past and no future . 
 but being this far from lael the pendant 's poison is n't acting the way it should by altering the mind . 
 instead , i think ... i think it 's erasing her mind . '' 
 the knot in aliah 's stomach turned to stone and stole his breath . 
 funny , the pendants really did contain a person 's essence . 
 a tiny container that held everything they were or ever would be , but without their own identity . 
 `` so that 's how samael will kill her . 
 he 'll do it through her mind . 
 he wo n't even have to be here to do it . 
 it 's the perfect plan , '' he said as much to himself as anyone else . 
 `` if he succeeds . '' 
 mara dropped to her knees beside shai again , her face a frightening shade of pale . 
 `` we need to prevent him from completing the reset or the rest of the laelites will drop like ash from a raid-fire . 
 he can destroy everyone in a matter of minutes through those pendants . '' 
 mara beckoned to her son . 
 `` she 's not going to hold on much longer . '' 
 `` damn . '' 
 the curse caught in aliah 's throat and came out sounding strangled . 
 `` that 's exactly what she is , son ... damned . '' 
 `` he did this , mother ! 
 he knew what he was doing all along ! '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` my father , that 's who ! 
 samael ! 
 he ... he set her up ! 
 he sent her to the hill house to be his chosen one . 
 he knew i 'd come to her rescue . 
 all he 's ever wanted to do was destroy me . 
 destroy me by taking shai from me . '' 
 mara looked at aliah . 
 `` do you know why samael wants to destroy you ? '' 
 `` because he hates me . 
 ever since i went to him for help ... after i thought i killed remiel . 
 the pendants are my fault . 
 i wanted people to forget about that day . 
 i just did n't know they 'd forget who they were . '' 
 aliah wanted to punch something . 
 venom coursed through his veins and carried a desire to destroy everything . 
 overturn tables , beds , and shove his fist through the stone wall . 
 break every bone in his hand if he had to . 
 instead , he kept talking while punching his fist into his other palm . 
 `` samael 's mad that the tables have turned on him . 
 he did n't count on me taking my pendant off , or that my memories would come back . 
 he thought that by taking shai away from lael that i 'd go after her , because he knew the pendants would kill anyone this far from lael . 
 by trying to save her , i 've only helped him with his plan . '' 
 ellersly beamed . 
 `` but he did n't count on those twenty-one kids going missing . 
 that messed him up . '' 
 mara nodded and twisted a strand of her hair with a far-away look . 
 `` that 's what upset lael 's balance . 
 without the future , the coalition had no reason to form , but you broke the memory-loop and restored both past and future to lael . '' 
 she smiled but it did n't quite reach her eyes . 
 aliah felt like a small child whose mother tried to soften the reprimand she 'd just given . 
 ellersly yawned and stretched . 
 `` so everything 's good then . 
 the emergency 's over . 
 now that the loop 's been broken everything in the book can happen . '' 
 aliah glanced at his mother whose face remained pale . 
 `` it 's true the future has been re-started , but since that particular page has been torn out , what 's written on it wo n't happen . '' 
 `` nothing on it will happen ? '' 
 ellersly 's face went slack , his relative ease disappearing . 
 `` nothing . 
 no coalition . 
 no division . 
 no lael . 
 even the outerlands will disappear . '' 
 aliah shook his head . 
 everything felt sick , even the roots of his hair . 
 `` well it does n't matter . 
 we lose either way because the book is in gershom so i ca n't replace the page . 
 it 's probably in samael 's hands right now . 
 why does he want the book if he only wants to destroy me ? '' 
 mara put her head on the bed . 
 `` the book is probably just bait to him . 
 he must 've found out the book is linked to you and shai and used it to get you far enough out of lael for the pendants to do their job . '' 
 she looked up at aliah . 
 `` i never thought this would happen . 
 after elchai wrote the book , i hid it . 
 and when i thought the book was safe i left it with my mother and we moved to lael . '' 
 `` where ? 
 you left it with your mother where ? '' 
 aliah shook mara 's shoulders . 
 `` conley . 
 my mother 's the nurse there . 
 i left it with her . 
 she told me she 'd protect it , that she 'd hide it , but someone must 've found it and took it to lael . 
 just to manipulate people with it . '' 
 aliah dropped to the chair and held his head in his hands . 
 there was only one person in conley who knew about the book before . 
 kael . 
 chapter 6 shai out of the thick darkness one light appeared . 
 then another and another until the black veil above was completely pierced with diamonds of light . 
 her arms tickled with the light wind that blew across her body . 
 strands of her hair fluttered across her nose , making it itch . 
 an insect crawled across her elbow and bit her . 
 she swatted it then scratched the bump it left behind . 
 she smiled . 
 there 's nothing like a warm summer night , lying in the grass with your hands behind your head and staring up at the stars . 
 someone bumped her elbow and she turned . 
 remiel . 
 he smiled at her , the moonlight slanted across his handsome face as he settled in beside her in the same position : legs crossed at the ankles , stretched out in the grass . 
 only aliah was missing tonight . 
 he was late as usual . 
 he had been acting strange during the last few days . 
 she pushed her annoyance away . 
 every night , at this time , the three of them met on the grassy bank , near the water , to count stars and play the ` what if ' game . 
 remiel started the game tonight . 
 his voice was low and when shai moved closer to him her arm touched his and she felt his voice rumble like a thunder storm . 
 `` what if ... '' `` yes ? '' 
 she giggled and waited . 
 `` what if i could save the whole world , but it meant i had to die ? '' 
 his tone was serious and she leaned on one elbow to look at him . 
 he turned his face to hers , and when their eyes met the familiar conflicting pain twisted in her chest . 
 i 'm sure i love him . 
 but then she thought of aliah with his teasing green eyes and she knew she loved him too . 
 it happened that way all the time , the tug and pull from one to the other . 
 remiel reached up and touched her face . 
 he was gentler than aliah . 
 she leaned down and put her forehead against his , the light smell of his soap and the warmth of his skin against hers made her light-headed . 
 `` this game is n't fun tonight , rem . 
 i do n't want to think of you dying . 
 for anyone . 
 not even for me . '' 
 she rolled away then and layed back down in the grass beside him . 
 the sound of aliah walking towards them made her pulse race . 
 `` besides , i do n't think the world needs saving . '' 
 she looked at remiel 's profile and saw a tear slip out of the corner of his eye . 
 before it ran into his hairline , the moonlight caught it and turned it into another diamond , like the stars . 
 aliah flopped down beside shai and sat cross-legged in the grass , looking at remiel . 
 when he caught shai watching him he grinned and pushed one hand into his hair . 
 his easy manner put her at ease and she forgot about remiel for a moment . 
 it was aliah who made her cheeks hot and her palms sweat . 
 the stars blurred together when she was struck with a sudden wave of dizziness . 
 aliah 's fingers stroked the back of her hand and she turned her hand over to interlace her fingers with his . 
 she found comfort in the heat of their palms . 
 her eyes grew heavy . 
 sleepiness pulled at her like an opiate . 
 she let the heaviness of the night cover her . 
 let it soak into her until she could no longer move . 
 she concentrated on feeling aliah next to her , his long strong fingers locked with hers , and the firmness of his arm where it pressed against hers . 
 then she heard a whisper , softer than an inhaled breath . 
 `` i 'd die for you . '' 
 remiel sounded like his heart was breaking . 
 but she could n't reach for him . 
 she could n't open her mouth . 
 a dark vortex spiraled toward her , suddenly pulling her in . 
 she held aliah 's hand tighter , but the heat of his presence had gone . 
 she opened her eyes to search for remiel , but he was nowhere to be seen . 
 darkness surrounded her . 
 emptiness filled her . 
 she was utterly alone . 
 chapter 7 aliah mara stayed by shai 's bed , holding her head in her hands , then every once in a while touching shai 's cheek with a finger like she was checking to see if the girl was still alive . 
 aliah paced back and forth until he finally leaned against the counter in the tiny kitchen and rested his head on the wooden cabinet above . 
 ellersly sat chewing his nails , spitting the pieces on the floor . 
 he stopped long enough to say , `` i hate the pendants more than i ever did . '' 
 guilt twisted in aliah 's stomach . 
 the pain radiated to his spine . 
 he could n't look ellersly or mara in the eye . 
 he was responsible for all of this . 
 as he watched his mother care for shai , a realization dawned on him . 
 his mother already knew . 
 and since ellersly 's memories were returning as well , it was only a matter of time before he knew as well . 
 they would 've found out aliah 's guilt anyway . 
 suddenly aliah could n't breathe . 
 the room was too small , the light too yellow . 
 he inhaled deeply then breathed out in a rush . 
 the inside of his bitten lip tasted like raw meat . 
 he pushed away from the counter and crossed his arms . 
 blame and guilt raged inside him . 
 he hated himself for going to samael and agreeing to the pendants and he hated remiel for disappearing when he might be the only who could help shai now . 
 and he hated elchai for not being willing to see him before tomorrow . 
 he 'd never felt so helpless before . 
 he crossed the room to the door and paused with his hand on the knob . 
 `` i 'm going for a walk . 
 i ca n't breathe in here . '' 
 he left before either mara or ellersly could comment . 
 the smell in the corridor assaulted his nose the moment he stepped outside the door . 
 it hurt to breathe deeply and the cabbage-boot smell turned his stomach sour . 
 he walked head down , hands in his trouser pockets . 
 the page in his waistband crunched with the movement of his hips , reminding him of the pain he 'd caused everyone . 
 he had to do something ! 
 go to gershom to find remiel ? 
 force elchai to see him ? 
 at the fork he turned left and the corridor widened and became brighter . 
 if nothing had changed in the center 's core he knew around the next corner the corridor would be lit with electric light , tiny bulbs strung on thin wire along the ceiling . 
 further on he 'd pass the spot where he helped hang them . 
 he had delighted in the trade his sector had made with adena , sector one , the city of electricity . 
 he had been eleven then . 
 happy and self-assured if not a little cocky . 
 he grew up in kent with only one rule : stay inside the division boundary . 
 but where there 's a heart of rebellion , a rule merely becomes a challenge to overcome . 
 he shook his head and smiled to himself . 
 he was a wanderer even then . 
 he remembered that age of innocence . 
 dim memories of life in lael , before the pendants , began to surface more rapidly . 
 memories of remiel , shai and himself . 
 memories of a silly game they played every night . 
 he also remembered when the pendants had changed everything . 
 shai 's zeal for life had been replaced with a hatred for lael 's rules . 
 but because she inwardly feared the consequences of breaking those rules , she never did . 
 but aliah lived and breathed rebellion . 
 he thought the pendants potency had a lesser effect on him because , deep inside , he resisted the pendant 's control . 
 i guess that 's what made me a good watcher . 
 appearing on the outside to be following the rules while on the inside i had another agenda . 
 some would call that hypocrisy . 
 but i call it protecting shai . 
 he pinched the bridge of his nose . 
 i 'm a fraud . 
 a liar . 
 by keeping shai from the truth i was really protecting myself from discovery . 
 i am just like my father samael . 
 someone bumped into him in the corridor and mumbled an apology before they hurried away . 
 he recognized uli who held two aluminum-wrapped trays and carried a canteen under each arm . 
 hopefully mara could figure out a way to get some water into shai . 
 but aliah had no appetite . 
 he passed the spot in the hall where he 'd helped string the electric lights . 
 a pain in his chest told him he missed this place more than he knew . 
 but instead of retreating from the pain of the memory he leaned into it . 
 the ache reminded him that at least he had memories now , even if they hurt . 
 but thoughts of the future brought a greater pain . 
 the thin thread of hope that had been sparkling brighter and brighter since his memories had returned , now felt almost completely out of reach . 
 like a silver strand of hope was underneath samael 's boot . 
 he could feel the crushing weight of his father 's foot and it made him hate the present . 
 and that was all he had , the present . 
 when he looked up he was in the core . 
 it seemed brighter than he remembered , the smells stronger . 
 he 'd always loved this part of the underground with its curving stone walls and dirt floors . 
 the electric lights crisscrossing overhead on thin strands of wire only enhanced the core 's natural beauty . 
 the lights shone like pin picks against the high , stone ceiling , and if you tipped your head back and squinted your eyes just right , it seemed like you were outside looking up at the stars . 
 as a child it was the next best thing to being outside . 
 while the war raged aboveground , everyone was safe below . 
 i remember how much i missed the sunshine . 
 aliah looked around at the place he had spent most of his childhood in . 
 the core could hardly be described as a room , or even a cave . 
 it was an entire city , living and breathing , beneath the earth 's surface . 
 the cold , stone metal-works factories puffed black smoke into the air aboveground , giving the impression that nothing lived , while below ground an entire city thrived . 
 aliah stood there with his hands behind his back , watching the kentites rush around . 
 he breathed in the yeasty scent of bread from the old bakery , mixed with the smells of beer and wine from the bar next to it . 
 he inhaled the sharp scent of rich loam from the vegetable stand to his left , and let his eyes wander over the bright colors and various textures of the textiles store and the machine shop . 
 the food store , where cookie worked , was to his right . 
 a rushing , roaring sound filled the place . 
 the sounds of people trading their services for wares , non-stop chatter , and the laughter of children playing rang in his ears like a familiar lullaby . 
 pleasure rushed through him and made his eyes moist . 
 he watched the steady stream of people overhead as they pushed carts of metal , gears , and levers across a narrow bridge . 
 pedestrians crossed over a wider bridge underneath . 
 and in the center of it all , beneath the two bridges was the reason he found himself standing here . 
 the core 's lake . 
 a vast underground body of water with a massive , metal wheel in the middle of it . 
 adena had built the waterwheel as a means for kent to supply their own power . 
 aliah had always found the turning of the wheel fascinating as it picked up water in its huge metal buckets . 
 at the top of the wheel the water poured out of the buckets , the force of the flow caused the wheel to turn . 
 two channels carried water , away from and to , the wheel . 
 the channels flowed around the perimeter of the core in a giant circle with the two bridges arching across the lake . 
 a metal guardrail around the lake protected people from falling in but , the channels had no railing . 
 kentites were fond of swimming in the channels and often floated around the ring , scrambling to the dirt embankment just before the water flowed back into the lake . 
 aliah walked to the guardrail and leaned against it to look into the water below . 
 a part of him hoped the water would be calm long enough for him to catch a glimpse of his reflection . 
 he thought if he could see his face , just for a moment , he might see who he really was . 
 not aliah of lael . 
 not ace , watcher of lael . 
 but somebody who mattered . 
 he began to long for the person the book identified him as . 
 the identity he was created to have . 
 aliah elyon , warrior , rebel of the division ... one who 'd be remembered for revolutionizing the sectors . 
 for overthrowing the dividing line that separated the original edan . 
 for restoring truth and standing up for the original law that remiel had talked about : the law of love . 
 yes , he even wanted to know love again . 
 he leaned closer and the cool metal railing chilled his chest through his sweater . 
 the rapid current around the waterwheel reminded him of lael 's swollen river and fast undertow the night he smashed remiel 's jaw , and knocked him into the river . 
 he rubbed his face , as though he could wipe away the memories of remiel 's lifeless body floating downstream . 
 he had searched for three days for remiel before he 'd finally gone to samael with his guilty conscience . 
 samael . 
 it had been years since he 'd seen his father face-to-face . 
 but his voice , he 'd never forget even though he wanted to . 
 he stared into the water . 
 do i look like my father ? 
 tension made his neck and back ache . 
 he squeezed the guardrail until his knuckles turned white . 
 he closed his eyes . 
 he did n't want to see his reflection anymore . 
 when he opened his eyes the atmosphere in the core had shifted . 
 a hush descended and the only sounds were of the water crashing over the waterwheel . 
 aliah turned around . 
 people had stopped walking and just stood staring at something in the middle of the street . 
 traffic paused on both bridges . 
 aliah pushed through the crowd to see the distraction . 
 the slender shape of a young girl in dirty trousers , bare feet , and a ripped , yellow shirt stood in the middle of the crowd . 
 matted hair that would 've been blonde if it were washed , stuck in clumps around her head . 
 she held both arms outstretched , her left hand held palm out in an effort to keep everyone away . 
 her right hand gripped a long knife . 
 the curved blade glistened shiny-wet with a dark , crimson liquid that dripped down the blade and onto the hilt . 
 the hand that held the knife could n't be seen for the blood . 
 when the girl turned , aliah saw the stain that spread down the front of her tunic . 
 dark red . 
 her wild eyes caught his and she ran towards him with the knife held high in the air , above her head . 
 chapter 8 shai the darkness startled her with its suffocating strength . 
 it pressed on her chest , her stomach , her face with the weight of a lead blanket . 
 she pushed at it with her hands , clawed the air in front of her , but found nothing . 
 she turned her head left and right to try and find a pocket of air . 
 she gasped and gulped , choking , as icy water filled her mouth . 
 a pinprick of light appeared before her and she followed it , lifting her face higher and twisting her head to keep her eyes on it . 
 when at last the prick of light flooded her eyes , she found she could suck in a gasping , wheezing breath . 
 her hair , face , and upper torso were soaking wet . 
 she was bent over at the waist looking at her own face reflected in the rippling water of a large bucket . 
 large blue eyes blinked back at her . 
 she shivered and felt herself being pulled up to stand straight , then being turned around . 
 a hazy face appeared in front of her , and in a few seconds she made out a thin straight nose , flashing dark green eyes rimmed in long dark lashes and a full-lipped mouth . 
 the mouth smiled , but not the kind of smile that makes you want to smile back . 
 this kind of smile prickled her back and made the fine hairs on her arms stand erect . 
 the face was handsome and a sense of familiarity touched the edge of her subconscious , teasing her , before it darted away . 
 `` i was thinking i would give you another plunge into that tub of water if you were n't going to come around . 
 lucky for you . '' 
 the deep voice sounded crisp , every vowel clipped short , every consonant clearly pronounced . 
 his eyes never left hers and she became acutely aware that his hand rested on the back of her neck , neither pulling her towards him nor pushing her away . 
 just there . 
 in spite of the warmth of his hand she shivered . 
 the rough ridge of calluses on the inside of his palm scratched her skin . 
 he released her and she stepped away from him only to bump into the water tub behind her . 
 he stood several inches taller than her , broad-shouldered and dressed in black from head to toe . 
 when he pushed a damp strand of her hair off her face , his hand brushed the top of her shoulder . 
 she stiffened as his touch made something skitter inside her even though his eyes mesmerized her . 
 the rich color of his irises stirred something pleasant in her mind . 
 just keep looking into his eyes . 
 there was a fireplace near her , and from the half-light of the fire , she noticed a bed with rumpled sheets at the opposite end of where she stood . 
 she shivered and wrapped her arms around herself . 
 she curled her bare toes into the hard , earthen floor . 
 `` i know you do n't remember anything . 
 you 've had an accident . 
 lost your memory . 
 but i 'm here to help you . 
 you are shai eli from lael . 
 i 've chosen you to be with me . 
 to give me an heir . 
 it 's the happiest day of your life . '' 
 she blinked back a sudden prickling of tears and took a deep breath to calm the panic that leaped into her throat . 
 `` and i know you ? '' 
 she did n't recognize her own voice , but it vibrated in her throat . 
 his mouth twisted into that smile again , but she stared into his eyes until her racing pulse slowed down . 
 `` of course , my love . 
 i 'm samael . 
 just say my name and you will remember me . '' 
 her tongue felt thick in her mouth , foreign . 
 how could she have forgotten what her own tongue felt like ? 
 she tried to speak his name , sliding the first letter across her lips and making a hissing sound . 
 he smiled wider . 
 white teeth , so white the sight of them made her head hurt . 
 he nodded . 
 she tried again . 
 `` sssss ... sss ... am ... a. . . 
 el . '' 
 each syllable she drew out evoked a look of pleasure from him . 
 `` again . '' 
 he whispered and moved closer to her . 
 `` sam ... a. . . 
 el . '' 
 his name slid across her tongue like a sharp blade against soft skin . 
 her heart fluttered inside her chest , and a chill grew in her stomach , filling an ache she was vaguely aware of . 
 she breathed in deeply and watched as he closed his eyes and leaned his head back with a look of ecstasy . 
 maybe i do know him . 
 maybe i do want to be with him . 
 she probed herself for the happiness he spoke of . 
 but the cold , achy feeling stretched into something deeper : a desperate desire to be wanted , to belong . 
 but he must want me or i would n't be here . 
 she pushed herself to remember . 
 to make herself believe what he told her . 
 then the cloudiness in her mind shifted , a shaft of light broke through . 
 a figure stood behind samael . 
 someone tall and lean with shoulder-length hair and a scar across one cheek . 
 he entered the room and the lights came on in her mind . 
 i know who he is . 
 she mouthed his name . 
 remiel . 
 samael 's eyes darkened , and the muscles in his jaw twitched . 
 the pulse in his neck jumped as he turned to look at his uninvited guest . 
 one minute remiel and samael were across the room from each the other , the next they were grappling on the floor . 
 their bodies twisted and writhed around each other until shai could n't tell them apart . 
 a sudden loathing rose up in her stomach and pushed up her throat like acid . 
 samael . 
 i remember him . 
 she looked around the room for a weapon and spotted a small table littered with an assortment of objects glinting in the light of the fire . 
 a small hammer , a saw the length of her hand , a chisel , a long-handled pair of scissors . 
 her captor 's objects of torture or pleasure ? 
 her eyes fell on a knife with a long curving blade . 
 the sounds of the fight behind her diminished as she curled the fingers of both hands around the hilt of the weapon . 
 she raised it above her head just as the weight of someone 's hand on her shoulder turned her around . 
 she cried out as she turned , swinging the blade across the face there . 
 every muscle , every tissue pulsed . 
 alive with revulsion and hatred for samael . 
 the blade connected with soft skin , and cut through the cheek , flaying it open like a gutted fish . 
 she watched his mouth fill with blood and he coughed , splattering the front of her dark crimson . 
 the whites of his exposed back teeth turned red . 
 he reached out and grabbed her arm . 
 the sleeve of her once pretty , lemon-yellow shirt tore as he fell . 
 with slurred words he said , `` i will die for you . '' 
 his blazing blue eyes shone like pools of truth . 
 proof of his love for her . 
 remiel ! 
 `` noooo ! '' 
 she reached for him but missed . 
 he collapsed to the ground at her feet just as a pain exploded in the back of her head , and everything was swallowed up in darkness . 
 chapter 9 aliah the crowd parted to let the wild girl through . 
 pale-faced and glassy-eyed she streaked towards aliah . 
 the pendant at her throat caught the overhead electric light , reflecting it back to him in miniature rainbows . 
 she had shai 's face , shai 's hair and her slender body , but the eyes were n't the familiar pale shade of blue . 
 these eyes looked so dark he thought they might be coal-black . 
 his heart sunk to his knees . 
 it was shai . 
 how she came to be here in the core he did n't know . 
 why she was covered in blood-splatter was a disturbing thought he 'd rather not analyze now . 
 in a moment she 'd be on him , and quite possibly , he 'd be sliced to pieces , judging from the look in her eyes . 
 `` shai ! '' 
 a voice smooth as velvet yet hard as steel made aliah jump and shai stopped , her right arm still over her head , the long blade dripping thick crimson drops into her hair . 
 aliah could n't see who spoke . 
 shai completely filled his line of vision , but the tenor of it reached into the recesses of his mind and pulled on a memory like someone flipped a switch . 
 the memory was of a man whose face was like chiseled stone : angular , grooved and brown . 
 his hair fell to his shoulders in soft white waves . 
 eyes as clear and deep a blue as a late summer sky . 
 he was neither tall nor short , fat nor thin . 
 and his age could n't be told just by looking at him . 
 it was that same man that walked towards shai now . 
 he moved with precision , head straight , shoulders back , hands behind his back . 
 he looked like a man who 'd led a thousand countries into war and emerged the victor . 
 no one moved and no one spoke . 
 his presence seemed to fill the core . 
 shai 's eyes focused on aliah 's and he saw a flash of recognition before she fell at his feet . 
 the light had gone from her wide-open eyes , but the movement of her chest said she was still alive . 
 the blade rolled from her open hand and aliah kicked it aside , the smell of it so strong he could taste it . 
 the white-haired man knelt beside shai and the blood from her hands stained his garments . 
 he took her hand in his and kissed it while he stroked back the dirty matted hair from her face . 
 her eyes stared upwards , unblinking . 
 the man stood and looked at aliah . 
 a bloody smear near his mouth . 
 `` she 's fighting hard . 
 her mind has already been wiped and samael 's already started reconditioning her . 
 but she 's fighting with everything in her . '' 
 he turned and motioned to a few men standing around . 
 `` get her into my chambers . 
 do it quickly . '' 
 `` elchai . '' 
 the name caught in aliah 's throat . 
 it had been too long since they 'd seen each other . 
 the memories too new since the truth had come . 
 the older man gripped aliah 's shoulder , marking him with blood . 
 `` i was with her a moment ago . 
 she seemed fine . 
 well , not fine , but not like this . '' 
 he looked at the ground , at the bloody blade a few feet away , at the spot shai had fallen and the red smear on elchai 's face . 
 `` all this blood ... '' his stomach heaved . 
 `` son , go to my chambers and stay with her . 
 she has crossed over . 
 something has happened on the other side . 
 she needs you to watch her from this side so something like that does n't happen again . 
 let remiel take care of what 's happening in gershom . '' 
 elchai 's voice softened . 
 aliah shook the older man 's hand off his shoulder . 
 `` i 'm not your son . 
 and what good am i if i stay here while remiel is off doing whatever 's he 's doing in gershom ? '' 
 he did n't care if his tone was sarcastic . 
 did n't care that elchai 's mouth dipped down . 
 he had wanted to see elchai earlier , to talk to him about the book in order to win back shai 's trust . 
 but with elchai standing in front of him , aliah discovered he hated the book as much as he hated the pendants . 
 the book had been responsible for the laws and punishments in lael , and it was the cause of sileas 's death . 
 the crowd had dispersed now that shai had been carried off . 
 someone came to remove the knife and sweep the dirt , erasing the stain of blood on the ground without complaint or comment . 
 a strange thought flitted through aliah 's mind . 
 kentites are warriors . 
 they are used to seeing blood . 
 aliah walked back the way he came . 
 his steps surer , his back straighter . 
 he would go to gershom . 
 if he stayed here he 'd want to plunge that curved blade deep into elchai 's neck or cut off each of his fingers that were responsible for writing the book . 
 in gershom he could find the book and put the page back . 
 if shai had crossed over into gershom the three of them would be together . 
 the coalition could happen . 
 he had to make it happen . 
 could n't elchai see that ? 
 heavy footsteps in the corridor behind him made him turn around . 
 the whites of elchai 's eyes seemed to glow in the dim light , his hair a shimmery halo around his head . 
 `` you ca n't go to gershom . 
 the son of thunder is the one the book describes . 
 the one who 'll die to save the many . '' 
 `` it 's because of your damn book that i have to go to gershom ! 
 i have a page of it , elchai ! 
 i ca n't sit here and let the future die ! 
 why ca n't you see that ! '' 
 `` it 's you who ca n't see . 
 gershom is in another realm . 
 in order to put the page back you 'd have to cross over . 
 that means facing death . 
 you wo n't come back if you go there . '' 
 elchai touched aliah 's arm . 
 `` shai is dying . 
 and everyone in lael will too if you do n't let remiel do what he needs to do . 
 samael only wants revenge against me . 
 to take everything he can from me . 
 remiel has gone to trade his life for shai 's and all of lael 's . 
 life for life . 
 do n't go . '' 
 aliah jerked his arm away from elchai then turned and ran . 
 elchai 's voice rang out in the corridor . 
 `` only love is stronger than death . 
 if you die for any other reason you 'll lose your life as well as shai 's . 
 do n't go ! '' 
 the pounding of aliah 's feet thundered in his ears and matched the pounding of his heart against his ribs . 
 `` i 'm going elchai , and you ca n't stop me . 
 i 'm going to talk to my father ! 
 maybe you should 've written that in your book ! '' 
 he was n't certain , but if the echo did n't lie elchai said , `` one son 's death is enough . '' 
 if aliah had to die to set things right , it was a price he was willing to pay . 
 he had nothing to lose . 
 and going to gershom had nothing to do with remiel . 
 he was still angry with remiel for leaving . 
 he was going for shai , and for lael . 
 to fix what he had done . 
 chapter 10 shai a deep red hue burned through her closed eyelids . 
 her cheeks warmed from the heat of a lantern , or something , held close to her face . 
 soft voices , the rustle of garments , and then the gentle pressure of someone touching her , first her face then her hands . 
 sounds of water dripping and the moist heat of a damp cloth wiping her face and her hands . 
 single words filtered into her foggy mind , none of them making sense on their own : crossed over , reset , pendant . 
 then a deeper voice , the same voice that had called to her earlier , whose depth and resonance had stopped her from jabbing the knife between those pretty , green eyes . 
 she trembled . 
 the voice spoke in soft tones , but her body responded as though he had yelled . 
 reconditioned . 
 remiel . 
 her legs suddenly jerked , and her arms bumped against her sides in violent pulses . 
 her head thrashed from side to side . 
 she could n't control anything . 
 a sharp pain in the side of her tongue and the taste of blood filled her mouth . 
 she bit her tongue and the inside of her lip until the blood flowed and tears ran . 
 a narrow tunnel opened up in front of her . 
 the voices grew quieter , the light dimmer , as the darkness reached for her and pulled her back in . 
 remiel . 
 it was her first conscious thought when she opened her eyes . 
 she turned her head and saw she was back in samael 's room . 
 remiel was strapped to a chair across the room near the fire with his arms behind his back . 
 the dirty rag tied across his mouth had turned bright red from his bloody wound . 
 she exhaled as relief washed over her . 
 he did n't die . 
 i did n't kill him . 
 she had n't meant to hurt him . 
 the knife was meant for samael . 
 she was laying on the big bed she had seen earlier . 
 the back of her head hurt . 
 she tried to touch it , but could n't move . 
 her wrists had been bound together and tied to the bed frame above her head . 
 the knots in the rope burned her wrists . 
 she jerked her arms back and forth , back and forth until her shoulders ached and her flesh chafed . 
 exhausted , she leaned back against the bed . 
 she glimpsed movement near remiel and angled her body to look . 
 remiel 's eyes were fixed on something near her , just out of her line of sight . 
 a shadow fell across the bed at the same moment she felt the heat of a whisper in her ear , `` are you ready ? '' 
 ready for what ? 
 her heart raced and her palms grew clammy . 
 her vision swirled as adrenaline pumped into her bloodstream . 
 `` tonight 's the night . 
 while lover-boy watches , you will give me an heir . '' 
 samael . 
 she shivered when his feverishly hot skin touched hers as he climbed onto the bed to lie beside her . 
 he stroked her face . 
 bitter bile mixed with the metallic taste of blood in her mouth . 
 she swallowed and turned her face away from him . 
 `` i always thought revenge was my energy , my very life . '' 
 his rancid breath made her cheek moist . 
 `` i can take you away from aliah , or elchai 's sons away from him , but in the end revenge wo n't satisfy me . 
 i need power . 
 tell me where the book is ! '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i do n't know ! '' 
 he caressed her cheek again then suddenly squeezed her face between his fingers and thumb , until the insides of her cheeks pressed against each other . 
 his nails pierced her flesh , and drew blood that ran down her chin . 
 `` then we 'll do this the hard way . 
 maybe remiel over there can help you by telling me where the book is . 
 oh , wait . 
 he ca n't . 
 you messed up his face . '' 
 samael 's lips twisted into a fleeting grin before he released her face . 
 he slid off the bed , then removed his trousers . 
 hot tears ran down her face making her cheeks sting . 
 her throat tightened . 
 she thrashed against the restraints , twisting her body while ignoring the searing pain in her hands . 
 a guttural groaning came from remiel and cut into shai 's heart . 
 samael slid closer to her and she squeezed her eyes shut , still thrashing . 
 he gripped her inner thigh and twisted the sensitive skin there . 
 screams tore her throat , but the excruciating pain in her leg forced her to be still . 
 she pressed her lips together and tensed as he breathed against her neck and into her hair . 
 then suddenly his weight was on top of her . 
 the pressure of his mouth against hers added more pain . 
 he kissed her , brutally crushing her lips between his teeth . 
 she arched her back in a violent twisting motion as his fingers groped along the edge of her tunic while his other hand twisted into her hair and yanked her head back . 
 he wound his leg under her and pulled her rigid body tight against his . 
 she gagged , coughed , then vomited against his mouth . 
 blood and bile dribbled down her chin and neck . 
 he jerked away then laughed . 
 `` that wo n't stop me . '' 
 he slapped her face and when she refused to cry he slapped her again , harder . 
 her eyes stung and her nose felt detached from her face like there was nothing left but a gaping hole . 
 a crash across the room made samael turn and shai pulled both her legs to her chest , then kicked him in the side . 
 he teetered then began to fall , but caught himself . 
 he turned towards her , his face purple and shaking with rage . 
 `` enough ! '' 
 spit flew from his mouth . 
 he straddled her , then yanked the neck of her shirt . 
 the buttons popped and the fabric ripped across her left shoulder . 
 samael grinned and grabbed the remainder of the fabric in both hands . 
 but then his eyes narrowed . 
 a strange look was frozen on his face as he leaned in to stare at the exposed skin of her shoulder and the top of her breast . 
 he trembled as he traced the birthmark on her chest with one skinny finger . 
 `` i 've seen this mark before . 
 on your friend . '' 
 aliah ? 
 another crash and remiel suddenly stood behind samael with his arms lifted high over his head . 
 shai gasped as she saw in remiel 's hands the jagged remains of the chair he had been tied to . 
 a splintering sound of breaking wood filled the room as the chair connected with samael 's skull , followed by a dull thud as he hit the ground . 
 chapter 11 aliah his lungs screamed for oxygen in the dense air of the corridor , but he forced himself on . 
 he focused on the smooth control of his body . 
 his muscles tightened and relaxed rhythmically as he ran . 
 the empty corridors echoed back the sound of his pounding feet . 
 the same guard stood watch , a silent sentinel at the bottom of the stairs . 
 he did n't react when aliah snatched a short-bladed knife from the weapons table . 
 he took the stairs two at a time , running blindly up the dark stairwell , his feet finding each step from memory . 
 the blazing sun had finally set outside , cooling the air . 
 the moonlight sharpened the angles of the towering factories and stretched their eerie shadows along the ground . 
 he ran with nothing but the knife in his hand and the page from the book . 
 he 'd looked enough times at the page to know the map by heart . 
 after the jagged sector seven terrain , the land became smooth and flat further west . 
 on the map its label was simply the outerlands . 
 gershom was n't on the map . 
 if the entrance to gershom was through death then he would face it . 
 even if he had to run forever . 
 he would run until he stumbled into gershom . 
 memory after memory slammed into his consciousness . 
 the next thought climbed on top of the previous thought , each one vying for attention . 
 he shoved them all down and kept running . 
 just focus on shai . 
 her long blond hair . 
 but now it 's matted with blood . 
 those incredible blue eyes . 
 eyes that had barely registered recognition when she looked at me . 
 the further he ran the darker his thoughts became . 
 acute pain attacked his left side and he squeezed it . 
 breathe . 
 in . 
 out . 
 run . 
 run . 
 keep running . 
 breathe . 
 whose blood was all over shai ? 
 hers ? 
 he shivered . 
 she would 've attacked him if elchai had n't called out to her . 
 but he saw in her eyes she was n't really there . 
 she had n't been standing in the center 's core . 
 when she had raised the knife and came at him it was n't him she was seeing . 
 then who ? 
 `` who did you see when you looked at me , shai ? '' 
 he spoke into the darkness . 
 he asked the ragged shadows of rocks as he passed them . 
 he lifted his face to the black sky and asked the wind that whipped through his hair and tore tears from his eyes . 
 you know who she saw . 
 and you know where she is and who she is with . 
 the voice penetrated his questions . 
 familiar and cold . 
 taunting and teasing . 
 gershom was close now . 
 i suppose i 've always known it was close . 
 as close as a person 's next breath . 
 the veil was always there , hanging between two realms , rippling in the icy wind he felt in his soul . 
 shai , i know where you are and i 'm coming for you . 
 he felt her teetering between life and death . 
 he knew she was standing on the threshold between gershom and edan . 
 he wondered if she could feel the same cold wind that he felt . 
 the harsh gusts that turned his blood to ice , his breath to frost . 
 another memory rose in his mind , vivid in color . 
 sounds so loud he had to listen . 
 his feet stumbled for footing , but still he ran while looking inwardly at the sudden memory . 
 they had been walking along the water -lrb- was it the river of lael or the channel in kent ? 
 he did n't know . -rrb- 
 the three of them swinging their clasped hands : remiel and himself with shai between them . 
 it was the last time he could remember being happy . 
 shai had squeezed his fingers and he smiled at her profile . 
 the smattering of freckles across the bridge of her nose danced when she crinkled her face in a laugh . 
 his heart soared and ached at the same time . 
 he loved her . 
 he truly loved her . 
 he nearly told her so , but he heard that voice . 
 the voice that would often return to chill his soul and eventually harden his heart . 
 that day he heard it for the first time . 
 `` be careful she is n't taken from you . 
 you ca n't trust remiel . '' 
 he had glanced sideways and saw remiel 's face as he watched shai , the same hungry look he imagined he himself had when he was with her . 
 something had twisted in his gut when looked at remiel and shai 's interlaced fingers . 
 remiel was certainly more alive , more excited when he was with her . 
 but who would n't be ? 
 she was golden . 
 like honey on the lips . 
 he remembered the sudden dryness of his mouth . 
 the instant sweat that slicked his palms . 
 and he made a vow . 
 i will do anything to protect shai . 
 anything . 
 the memory dislodged something long-buried . 
 an undefinable agony that ripped into his chest and left a gaping hole where his heart had been . 
 aliah tripped on a loose stone and turned his ankle . 
 he fell sprawling on the ground and felt the skin roll back from his palms and knees as the sharp gravel and dirt embedded in his flesh . 
 he spat and sat up . 
 the memory dissolved like a spoonful of salt beneath his tongue , leaving behind a bitter taste . 
 i 've been a fool . 
 listening to the voice had poisoned him against remiel and twisted his own love for shai into something selfish and evil . 
 he grabbed fistfuls of his hair as he cried out inside . 
 why ? 
 father , why did you try to destroy my life ? 
 all this time i 've let you into my head because i thought you were helping me . 
 but you 've never wanted to help me . 
 you 've always hated me . 
 why ? 
 chapter 12 shai dried blood on her hand made her skin itch . 
 she gripped remiel 's hand tighter and let him lead her down the long dark hallways . 
 and when her bare feet could no longer carry her , when the skin on her heels and toes cracked and bled and the pain made her stop , he picked her up . 
 he carried her . 
 through hallway after hallway . 
 he ran . 
 always running , never stopping . 
 her arms circled his neck , her head rested against his shoulder . 
 the fabric from the dirty wrap around the lower half of his face tickled her cheek . 
 or maybe it was his blood , still flowing , that had dripped from his wound onto her face . 
 she was covered in his blood . 
 dried and fresh . 
 and it mixed with her own . 
 the pungent scent sharp in the darkness . 
 that smell was the only thing that reminded her that they were both still alive . 
 chapter 13 aliah he saw the yellow glow of its eyes first . 
 piercing the darkness . 
 haunting . 
 after he 'd fallen , aliah 's pace had slowed . 
 his knees burned , his lungs ached and his blood pounded incessantly in his ears like the roar of the waterwheel in the core . 
 confidence had given way to sheer determination long ago , and his feet thundered on by force of will . 
 the sight of the amber eyes slicing through the veil of night brought him a strange twist of relief . 
 he knew he 'd been watched by this wolf even as he had watched the laelites . 
 its presence lurking and waiting for an opportune moment to whisper dark thoughts to him . 
 to send him messages from his father beyond the veil of death . 
 maybe this was it . 
 he exhaled and wiped the sweat from his brow . 
 he would n't fight it . 
 he deserved what he got . 
 he bit his lip . 
 he was ready for gershom . 
 `` come for me ! '' 
 he yelled into the darkness . 
 the yellow of the wolf 's eyes blinked out like two flames that had been blown out . 
 aliah dropped to his knees and opened his arms wide . 
 he tipped his face up , exposing his throat and a tremor of fear arced up his spine . 
 he braced himself for the impending attack . 
 `` come ... '' something hit his chest and knocked him backward , his breath escaped in a whoosh . 
 he gasped and coughed then waited for the second attack . 
 this is too easy . 
 i wo n't defeat you like this . 
 stand up and fight like a man . 
 the voice hissed inside aliah 's head . 
 rocks and sticks bit into his back as he lay on the ground , but he did n't move . 
 he smiled . 
 the voice sounded almost irritated . 
 maybe because the puppet strings had finally been cut . 
 he was his own man now . 
 he may still hear the voice , but its power over him had broken . 
 he spread his arms and legs out and forced his eyes to stay open . 
 `` come for me . '' 
 his invitation rose barely above a whisper . 
 suddenly the weight of the wolf was there , on his chest . 
 crushing him . 
 he could see nothing but darkness and the pressure on his body made him think that in few moments he 'd be one with the earth . 
 he did n't struggle , but let the air escape from his lungs little by little . 
 the muscles around his mouth twitched as his frozen smile threatened to fade . 
 the yellow eyes appeared again , inches above his face . 
 at the same moment he felt icy fingers around his neck , crushing his windpipe . 
 his legs trembled , his lungs pleaded for oxygen . 
 a cloud moved and a pale shaft of moonlight slanted across a familiar face . 
 hair he knew to be the same shade as the flecks of amber in the eyes , mouth twisted into a sickening grin . 
 it came as no surprise that zev was the angel of death . 
 aliah 's fingers trembled against the blade he still held in his right hand . 
 hatred flowed like ice through his veins . 
 the edges of aliah 's vision clouded . 
 soon i will cross over gershom 's threshold . 
 he let the blade roll off his fingertips . 
 `` you 're really stupid . 
 why would you kill yourself just to enter gershom ? 
 wo n't do anyone any good to have you dead . 
 you always were the dumb one . '' 
 zev released the pressure on aliah 's throat , enough for aliah to take a breath , but he refused to . 
 the trembling in his legs became violent . 
 `` remiel 's dead . 
 shai 's dead . 
 died together , in each other 's arms , '' zev sneered . 
 aliah 's survival instinct kicked in and he gasped . 
 he coughed and rolled onto his side , sputtering and cursing . 
 `` ah , there you go . 
 i knew that would get to you . '' 
 zev rolled off aliah then sat cross-legged beside him while drumming his fingers on his knees . 
 `` take your time and catch your breath . 
 you 're not going to go that easily . '' 
 zev narrowed his eyes . 
 `` i do n't know why you waste your time trying to be the hero . 
 what are you trying to prove ? 
 that you 're worthy ? '' 
 zev snorted and shook his head . 
 aliah collapsed back on the ground , breathing heavily . 
 `` worthy of what ? 
 daddy 's love ? 
 well , your father does n't want you . 
 he never did . 
 poor , poor orphan boy . '' 
 zev leaned over and looked into aliah 's eyes . 
 `` he does n't want you ! 
 you hear me ? '' 
 zev yelled into aliah 's face and specks of spit hit aliah 's lips . 
 aliah tried to steel himself , not against his father 's voice this time , but against zev 's words . 
 words that sliced into his heart . 
 `` he chose remiel , not you ! 
 you failed , remember ? 
 you tried to murder remiel . 
 you.tried.to.kill . 
 your . 
 brother . 
 and that 's why your father disowned you . 
 he could n't stand to look at you . 
 you sniveling coward ! '' 
 pain roared through aliah 's body as he curled up tight , fighting the tide of memories . 
 wave after wave of shame crashed upon his soul like a storm-ridden sea when it pounds the shore . 
 suppressed guilt unleashed its agony and bitter tears sprung to his eyes . 
 a new pain exploded in his back as zev kicked him again and again as he lay curled on his side . 
 each time zev rammed his foot into aliah 's side he punctuated it with curses and shouts . 
 liar ! 
 murderer ! 
 loser ! 
 aliah surrendered to the pain in his body . 
 it washed over him and would 've relieved him if not for his tormented mind . 
 i deserve this . 
 i deserve punishment . 
 i am deserving of whatever death wants to do to me . 
 he scratched the earth and left scars in the soil with his nails . 
 he crushed a handful of gravel in his fists and let the sharp rocks slice into his palms . 
 let my blood run . 
 let it flow . 
 he 'd cut himself open and let his blood soak into the ground if he thought it 'd wash him clean . 
 but he was filthy . 
 his blood too filthy to clean anything . 
 he pulled his hair until his scalp went numb , but the physical pain paled in comparison to his mental anguish . 
 finally a shuddering sob erupted from a deep place in his chest . 
 `` my brother ! 
 my brother , i did n't mean ... no ! 
 remiel , please ... oh please . '' 
 he rolled onto his stomach and buried his face in the dirt . 
 zev brought his boot down on aliah 's lower back , then ground his heel into aliah 's spine . 
 pain shot up his back , travelled along his nerves and ended in an explosion in his torso . 
 then nothing . 
 the pain left . 
 zev disappeared , swallowed up in the curtain of darkness that suddenly descended . 
 chapter 14 aliah when he opened his eyes the first thing he saw in the dim half-light was the little mountain of gravel still inside his clenched fist . 
 the cold stone floor bit into his cheek as he laid face-down . 
 where am i ? 
 he tried to lift his head , but a peculiar weight prevented him . 
 he blinked and focused past his hand . 
 iron bars stretched before him as far as he could see without moving his head . 
 dread washed over him . 
 gershom . 
 at least i made it . 
 he swallowed hard . 
 why do i feel so funny ? 
 it was n't pain but a kind of heaviness . 
 he tried moving his legs , his toes , anything , but nothing responded . 
 panic bubbled up . 
 he tried again . 
 there . 
 he watched his index finger shiver with effort . 
 then his thumb . 
 something dripped near his head and splashed its fetid liquid on his face when it landed . 
 he strained his ears and heard more dripping , then something else . 
 something moving beyond the bars . 
 someone walking in heavy boots . 
 the boots stopped outside the bars . 
 the toes were scuffed and worn . 
 buckled up the side . 
 the sound of jingling keys flooded him with a mixture of fear and hope . 
 the bars slid open and the boots came . 
 clomp . 
 clomp . 
 clomp . 
 clomp . 
 until they stopped near aliah 's closed hand . 
 `` my son . 
 what have you done ? '' 
 that voice . 
 aliah closed his eyes . 
 `` i 'm not your son . '' 
 his own voice sounded strangled and rough , his throat restricted and painful where zev had choked him . 
 the toe of the boot touched the back of aliah 's hand . 
 `` no ? 
 well whose son are you then ? 
 certainly not elchai 's . 
 you told him so today . '' 
 the boot pressed aliah 's hand into the ground a little harder . 
 `` is n't that right ? 
 did n't you tell him what you just told me ? 
 i 'm not your son . '' 
 the voice mocked and the pressure increased on aliah 's hand . 
 he heard bones grind and pop and he gritted his teeth , waiting for the pain . 
 but it never came . 
 when samael removed his boot , aliah stared at the little flecks of dirt that stuck to the tread mark embedded in his hand . 
 `` stupid little orphan boy . 
 look at you on the ground . 
 big kentite warrior . '' 
 samael knelt close enough for aliah to see his face . 
 he looked into the same green eyes as his own , the same thin straight nose and full mouth . 
 even the dark hair was the same . 
 the right side of samael 's face looked swollen and purplish-black . 
 samael touched aliah 's face and the heat from his finger seemed to burn into aliah 's cheek . 
 a small comfort to know he could feel it . 
 `` zev crushed your back , kid . 
 but he did you a favor . 
 you wo n't be able to move , but you wo n't feel much pain either . '' 
 samael leaned over and whispered in aliah 's ear , `` just tell me where the book is and i will help you . '' 
 aliah spat and tried to shake his head . 
 `` then tell me what this means . '' 
 samael moved to draw something in the thin layer of dirt on the floor . 
 aliah 's eyes hurt from the strain so he closed them . 
 `` look at it ! '' 
 samael grabbed the back of aliah 's sweater with one hand and his trousers with the other and half-lifted , half-dragged aliah closer to the drawing . 
 scratched into the dirt , the size of a man 's hand , were three interlocking circles . 
 `` i think you already know what it is . '' 
 samael released him and aliah 's face smacked the floor . 
 `` if i did , why would i bother to ask you ? 
 i 've seen it on you and now shai . 
 what does it mean ? '' 
 aliah frowned . 
 if samael does n't have the book and he does n't know about the coalition then he is n't the one trying to prevent the coalition from forming . 
 but who is ? 
 he spat dirt out of his mouth then spoke into the floor . 
 `` how can you not know that brand , samael ? 
 have n't you seen the book ? 
 is n't it you who writes the laelites ' infractions in the book every evening ? 
 you 're the one who makes us go through the readings , so how can you not know what that symbol means ? '' 
 aliah braced himself for the blow he was sure to receive for speaking insubordinately . 
 but the prison cell remained still . 
 when at last samael spoke aliah had to strain to hear it . 
 `` i 've never written in that bloody book . 
 if i had i would n't have bothered with all that pettiness . 
 that book has the power to control people , more than the pendants you begged me for . '' 
 anger burned in aliah . 
 `` all you 've wanted was the book ? 
 then what does shai have to do with anything ? 
 why involve her ? '' 
 `` stupid boy . 
 for revenge . '' 
 he snorted then laughed . 
 `` your jealousy over your brother 's relationship with shai made you turn on him . 
 from there it was too easy . 
 when you thought you 'd killed your brother and you came to me for help it was simple to make you think your father disowned you for what you 'd done . '' 
 aliah 's head swirled . 
 `` you planted those thoughts in my mind ! '' 
 `` so ? 
 i did n't make you act on them . 
 that was all you . 
 all i wanted was revenge for what elchai did to me . 
 shai is just a pawn . 
 losing both you and your brother will be elchai 's undoing . '' 
 tears burned aliah 's eyes . 
 `` why did you convince me that you 're my father ? '' 
 samael knelt beside aliah again and ran his fingers through aliah 's thick , dark hair . 
 with a jerk , samael snapped aliah 's head back and aliah found himself looking into samael 's eyes . 
 two swirling , black pools of hate and revenge . 
 how could i have believed i looked anything like this man ? 
 `` i did n't convince you of that . 
 you came to that conclusion on your own after the pendants altered your memories . 
 i never wanted to be your father . 
 but i was willing to do anything to get back at elchai . 
 i hate elchai , and you ... because you look just like him ! '' 
 samael slammed aliah 's face into the stone floor and aliah waited for the pain . 
 samael rammed his face again , but aliah only felt the pressure of samael 's hand gripping his hair , and the wetness of his own blood as his face was crushed against the floor over and over . 
 a loud crunching noise echoed in the stillness of the prison cell , and a shiver rippled through aliah when he realized it was the sound of his own nose breaking . 
 he spat out broken fragments of his teeth that glowed bright white in the dark crimson puddle of his own blood . 
 the memory of remiel 's voice flashed into his mind : it 's the truth that counts . 
 beliefs will either be a prison or a key to freedom . 
 just before everything turned dark , aliah finally knew he was nothing like this man . 
 i really am free of him . 
 he smiled when he thought of the irony : that the brutal tyrant he thought was his father was disfiguring the face he had once believed they shared . 
 he closed his eyes knowing he would die looking nothing like the man who never loved him . 
 his heart ached as he thought of his real father , elchai . 
 i 'm sorry i was so angry with you . 
 i wish i knew then what i know now . 
 thank you for never losing sight of who i really am . 
 i 'm glad i got to come home and see you . 
 good-bye , father . 
 chapter 15 shai the length of time they had been running through the dark , putrid-smelling hallways was measured only by the sounds of remiel 's labored breathing , and the slapping sounds of his feet on the stone floor . 
 remiel ran slower now , as his heart beat a staccato rhythm beneath her cheek . 
 if it were n't for the fear icing her veins , she might have fallen asleep in his arms . 
 a pale circle of light from a ceiling lamp splashed the walls and floor in a milky-white pool just ahead of them . 
 the softness of the light only accentuated the horrors of where they were . 
 the effect startled her . 
 the walls were a strange , dark sludgy color . 
 they were made of jaggedly-cut stones with chunks of mortar missing where patches of something dark and fuzzy clung to the stones like gnarled fingers . 
 the walls merged into the floors and ceiling and gave the impression of being in an underground tomb . 
 the more shai looked around , the more it seemed as though they were somewhere deep in the earth , away from sunlight and fresh air . 
 she imagined tons of earth pressing in on the sides and top , sealing them in this place of death forever . 
 she closed her eyes as remiel stepped away from the light and cut into a dark recess in the wall that was hidden in the shadows . 
 he put shai down and she scooted against the wall , the cold stone stole her breath and cut sharply into the warm places where remiel 's hands had been . 
 he squatted in front of shai and pulled the fabric band from his mouth . 
 she cringed at the horrible mass of white flesh that hung loose , stretching from the corner of his mouth to his ear , intersecting the scar he had before . 
 `` you 'll be safe here . '' 
 his tongue made a clicking sound against his teeth when he talked . 
 shai shook her head and grabbed his arm . 
 `` do n't leave me . 
 please . '' 
 `` it 's time for me to go . 
 but i 'll stay with you here until you fall asleep . 
 you 've got to cross back over . '' 
 `` no remiel ! 
 not without you . 
 i wo n't lose you again ! '' 
 he squeezed her fingers and looked into her face . 
 `` do you remember the ` what if ' game ? '' 
 she nodded and grabbed his hand in both of hers . 
 `` i think so . '' 
 he leaned close until his good cheek touched hers . 
 `` what if i can save the whole world ? '' 
 `` what if i do n't want you to save it ? 
 what if i want you to come back to kent with me and stay ? '' 
 he shook his head and his whiskers rubbed against her skin . 
 his warm , damp tears fell on her face . 
 `` what if i told you that you 're dying ? 
 that if i do n't do what i came here to do , then you wo n't live ? '' 
 `` what if you 're wrong ? '' 
 but she knew he told her the truth . 
 she felt funny here , heavier somehow , like soft bread dough . 
 just a lump of flesh without muscle . 
 questions flooded her mind . 
 everything she had wanted to know about the book , about the key and the war between worlds , about the division and her purpose in the coalition , died on her tongue . 
 there was only one thing she wanted to know now . 
 `` who are you , remiel ? 
 are you the one we 've been waiting for ? '' 
 he moved away from her then , and slid the neck of his tunic over his left shoulder . 
 she looked closer and sucked in a breath . 
 the smooth skin of his chest was interrupted by a raised scar . 
 lumpy flesh left by a fire-brand in the shape of three interlocking circles . 
 she looked up at him , her wide eyes reflected in his . 
 the same pale shade of blue , hers mirrored his , and his mirrored hers , into eternity . 
 `` i am the son of thunder . '' 
 he placed both hands on either side of her face and touched his forehead to hers . 
 `` and one day , i 'll see you on the other side . '' 
 `` where ? 
 other side of what ? '' 
 `` of death . '' 
 remiel smiled , then pulled away , looking down the hallway at something . 
 a shadow fell across him as he stood . 
 hollow clomping of heavy boots and the sound of jingling keys made her shiver . 
 `` one day , '' he whispered again and stepped away from the alcove and into the pool of light . 
 for a brief moment he stood there lit up , his hair a crown of white , the blood a sharp contrast against his pale skin , then he stepped away and was gone . 
 all she heard was a thud . 
 she squeezed her eyes shut and wrapped her arms around herself . 
 something touched her hair and she screamed . 
 a sharp sound that was wrested from her mouth as a hand yanked her from her hiding spot by her hair . 
 chapter 16 shai her back ached from sitting against the hard , stone wall , waiting for remiel to be brought back to the cell they shared . 
 for hours they had sat on the cold floor where the guard had tossed them . 
 they had huddled together for warmth and comfort until remiel was taken for ` questioning . ' 
 she drew her knees to her chest and rested her head on her arms . 
 dim light filtered into her narrow cell from a single lantern nailed to the wall in the hallway . 
 the other cells in the block stood empty . 
 only a blackish-red stain on the floor of the cell across from hers revealed it had recently been occupied . 
 she inhaled slowly . 
 her chest ached and burned like she 'd been punched in the solar plexus . 
 her lungs rattled and wheezed with every breath . 
 she shifted her position and tried to ease the numbness that crept into her rear end , then promptly buried her nose in her sleeve as a rotten odor wafted up from the dirt she disturbed . 
 the jingling of keys made her head snap up . 
 the same guard that had found her pressed into the dark alcove earlier returned with remiel , whose hands were bound with a single iron cuff . 
 remiel held his head up and squared his shoulders as the guard slid the cell bars open and removed the shackle . 
 remiel 's left eye had swollen until it was just a narrow slit . 
 his right eye drooped beneath a deep gash over his dark eyebrow . 
 dried blood smudged his upper lip from multiple cuts around his mouth . 
 his nostrils were ringed with dark red . 
 the guard shoved remiel , who stumbled into the cell and fell to his knees . 
 a cry escaped shai and she crawled toward remiel , pulled his head onto her lap as he curled up on the ground . 
 `` what have they done to you ? '' 
 a mottled mixture of bruises and cuts marked his face , his features swollen beyond recognition . 
 she sat for a long time stroking his hair , not speaking . 
 the guard did n't return . 
 and when the lantern in the hallway sputtered out she eased remiel 's head off her lap and curled up beside him on the ground , facing him . 
 the cell block became alive with noise . 
 skittering , scurrying sounds , a monotonous dripping , and the rattling of their own breathing . 
 time folded in on itself . 
 seeming to repeat an endless cycle of darkness so deep it seeped into every pore , every orifice . 
 still , she sucked in deep draughts of air , trying to get enough oxygen to push back the panic . 
 she concentrated on matching her breathing with remiel 's . 
 she tucked her hands under her cheek and pulled her legs up until her knees touched his . 
 she must have fallen asleep , because when she opened her eyes the lantern was flickering again and she was lying on her other side away from remiel . 
 the weight of his arm around her comforted her and she laced her fingers in his , feeling his calloused palm , his strong fingers , and the bulge of his veins on the back of his hand . 
 her body fit closely into the curve of his . 
 every breath he took whispered along the back of her neck . 
 she closed her eyes and listened to a faint sound . 
 a wordless whisper that came from remiel . 
 she strained to hear him against the sounds of her own breathing . 
 `` i 've made ... a deal . '' 
 `` a deal ? '' 
 a leaden feeling crept into her stomach and spread into her chest . 
 remiel inhaled against her . 
 `` he ... will let you ... go . 
 let lael go . '' 
 she licked her dry lips and blinked back tears . 
 the first threat that her internal dam might break . 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 but remiel said nothing more . 
 she buried a whimper in the back of his hand as she pulled his arm across her tighter and let sleep drag her into nothingness . 
 when she awoke again , her throat felt hot and dry and the chill along her back told her remiel had gone . 
 a pale-faced guard with long greasy hair and a thin face approached shai 's cell . 
 he rapped his knuckles on the bars of her cell . 
 `` get up ! '' 
 his barking voice made her jump . 
 `` samael wants to see you . '' 
 she stood on legs that did n't feel like hers . 
 every step towards the guard threatened to buckle her knees . 
 `` slide your hands through here . '' 
 the guard tapped a rectangular cut-out in the cell door . 
 as soon as her fingers touched the cold metal plate inside the cut-out , he grabbed her wrists and bound them together with a heavy iron cuff that dug into her tender rope burns . 
 she winced which made him laugh . 
 the sound echoed down the empty hall , mocking and sinister . 
 `` do n't be weak . 
 you should be grateful for the deal remiel made . '' 
 he was the same guard who had dragged her from the alcove as she kicked and screamed , twisting against the pressure of his arm across her chest as he crushed her against his bony side with an inhuman strength . 
 as he slid her cell door open and roughly grabbed her upper arm she glanced sideways at him . 
 `` where 's remiel ? '' 
 her voice sounded raspy and dry as she forced the words out through cracked lips . 
 the guard squeezed her arm tighter as an answer . 
 she looked at the ground as she shuffled down the hall . 
 her bare feet stuck to the dirty stone floor , the occasional pebble pressed painfully into the softer flesh of her heels . 
 as they passed the last few cells in the hall , she stepped in something cold and thick with her left foot . 
 she turned and saw a man lying face-down on the floor in a dark puddle that spread from beneath his head into the hallway . 
 she shivered . 
 `` samael 's revenge on elchai . '' 
 the guard sneered , exposing long yellow teeth peppered with darker yellow and brown spots . 
 the guard yanked her arm and she stumbled , then fell to one knee . 
 he dragged her across the floor until she regained her footing . 
 her captor never broke his stride . 
 with every bend , her knee stung where her trousers had torn and the stone rubbed her skin raw . 
 the guard opened a metal door at the end of the cell block and pushed her into the darkness yawning ahead of them . 
 `` who was that ? '' 
 her voice echoed . 
 with a dull thud the door closed behind them and every whisper of light scattered . 
 `` the man back there , who was that ? '' 
 she heard her voice , high and tinny , saying everything multiple times before dying somewhere in the darkness beyond . 
 `` who ! '' 
 she was losing control . 
 she heard it in the pitch of her voice , felt it in her legs as they refused to support her weight any longer . 
 the guard shoved her from behind and she fell , unable to put her hands in front of her to break the impact . 
 she landed on the floor which was warmer , wetter than her cell . 
 `` move ! '' 
 he gripped her hair and yanked her to her feet . 
 `` his name ! 
 tell me his name or i wo n't move ! '' 
 he released her hair and sighed . 
 `` you 'll move even if i got ta drag you . '' 
 he shoved her between the shoulder blades , but she planted her feet shoulder-width apart and wedged her right foot against the wall for support . 
 `` name ! '' 
 it took every effort to sound steady when tears threatened to break the surface . 
 they pricked her eyelids and she blinked them away . 
 `` if it matters so bloody much his name was jachin . 
 remiel 's older brother . '' 
 `` was ? '' 
 her throat tightened with tears . 
 she did n't have to ask , she knew the man was dead , she knew it when she had stepped in the congealed pool of blood . 
 was he the reason remiel came here ? 
 to save his brother ? 
 the guard 's cold , bony fingers touched her shoulder then slid down her arm where he grabbed her again . 
 his snuffling snort of exhaled breath stunk up the confined space . 
 he whispered in her ear , `` jachin elyon . '' 
 elyon . 
 elyon . 
 the name rang through her , attached to a memory just out of reach . 
 she opened her mouth to speak , but nothing came out . 
 the guard breathed heavily down her neck . 
 `` you might have known him by his laelite name ; aliah . '' 
 she teetered forward , but the guard tightened his grip . 
 he did n't let her fall . 
 suddenly she became aware of a wetness soaking into her sock . 
 he 's dead . 
 he 's dead . 
 aliah 's dead ! 
 she stood , rocked back and forth , back and forth then collapsed against the guard 's bony body . 
 chapter 17 shai shai woke with the sound of her blood pulsing in her ears , a sharp pain in her abdomen , and the ground rushing past her face . 
 the guard 's pointy shoulder jabbed her stomach with each jostle of his step . 
 it took her a full minute to realize he was carrying her over his shoulder with one arm slung across the back of her legs for support . 
 her head throbbed with the pressure of being carried upside down . 
 she struggled to move away from his bony protrusions and heard him snicker , `` almost there . 
 no sense fighting me now . '' 
 the guard 's boots make a sschtick sschtick-ing sound as they stuck and unstuck to the gooey grime on the filthy floor . 
 her captor shifted shai 's weight on his shoulder before he tossed her in a corner onto a pile of dirty rags and sticks . 
 her head slammed against the wall and she closed her eyes until the pain diminished . 
 one of the sticks scraped her arm and she started to move it away , then screamed . 
 the jagged pile she sat on was n't dirty rags and sticks but a heap of bodies , past the point of decay . 
 scraps of cloth that used to be clothing hung from broken arm and leg bones . 
 skulls with toothy grins and gaping eye holes stared sightlessly at her . 
 she scrambled off and landed in a heap on the floor , huddled against the wall with her legs drawn up . 
 it this some sort of torture chamber ? 
 tables with various shining instruments she could n't name and cells with metal doors and barred windows lined the wall to her left . 
 she scrunched her eyes up tight . 
 cries and wailing filled the room . 
 shai covered her ears , but the inhuman sounds still reached her . 
 another more distinct sound rose above the other clamor . 
 a low hollow moan laced with vibrating undercurrents that could only be described as the noise someone makes when they 've given up . 
 the sound of untold agonies with no hope of an end . 
 of flesh hanging off bones and rocking back and forth on broken kneecaps . 
 of mental torment and physical pain beyond measure . 
 the guard watched shai with his mouth wide open in a dark cavern of laughter . 
 but his laughter was cut short by a shout . 
 `` you fool ! '' 
 samael lunged toward the guard and back-handed the guard 's skinny face so violently , the tight skin stretched across his cheeks shook . 
 `` i only told you to bring her to me , not toss her around ! '' 
 samael stepped in front of shai and sighed . 
 `` she 's a sight to behold , is n't she ? 
 i want her unblemished . 
 untouched . 
 i 'm the one who gets to touch her . '' 
 he knelt down and dragged his finger along the angle of her jaw in a slow caress . 
 `` look at me . '' 
 she lifted her eyes to his face . 
 the features she had thought looked so much like aliah , the brilliant green eyes , dark hair and smile , twisted into a horrible smear of hate . 
 `` you were never aliah 's father . '' 
 her words came out slurry and thick like she was speaking out of someone else 's mouth . 
 `` oh , in his mind i was . '' 
 his eyes dropped from her face to her neck . 
 `` right . 
 you ca n't remember anything past your twenty-one days . '' 
 he stood again and pulled her to her feet by her arm . 
 `` does this bring back any memories ? '' 
 he shoved her in front of him around a wall to the middle of the l-shaped room . 
 a body . 
 pinned to the wall . 
 arms and legs stretched out , blood streaming from wounds in his palms where metal spikes were driven to secure him to the stone wall . 
 his head hung forward , chin on chest , stringy shoulder-length hair obscured his features . 
 but she recognized him . 
 she would recognize him anywhere . 
 `` no ! 
 remiel ! '' 
 she ran on rubbery legs to him and fell on her knees at his feet . 
 he had been stripped to his underwear ; bruises covered every part of him and turned him into a swollen , blackish-blue lump of flesh . 
 when she looked up into his face he was staring at the floor , his eyes full of horror and agony . 
 `` what did you do to him ? '' 
 deep rage boiled up from within her , burning and bubbling like molten lead . 
 she ran to samael and clawed his face , his eyes . 
 tore at his throat and pulled his hair . 
 he closed his eyes and tipped his head back , a slow smile spread across his mouth . 
 he 's enjoying this . 
 she gripped the collar of his shirt in both hands . 
 `` what . 
 did . 
 you . 
 do ! '' 
 every word burned her throat and spread more venomous hatred through her blood . 
 samael looked at her through half-slitted eyes . 
 `` what did i do ? 
 what did you do ? '' 
 he grabbed her upper arm and wrenched her toward remiel . 
 `` look at him ! 
 this is all your fault ! 
 yours , his brothers , and all of lael 's . 
 you ca n't save him . 
 i 've accepted his deal . '' 
 the room spun and shai had to close her eyes and breathe . 
 when she opened them again she asked in a whisper , `` what deal ? '' 
 samael smiled . 
 `` his life for yours . 
 for the release of lael from the pendant 's power . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 her voice came out as a whimpered , half-strangled sound . 
 `` why ? '' 
 she turned and looked at remiel . 
 `` we do n't need saving ! 
 why did you do this ? '' 
 samael motioned to the guard near remiel who touched something on the wall that made a clicking sound . 
 the room was cloaked in darkness with only a large rectangular block of white that shimmered on the wall near remiel . 
 samael turned her to face the glowing wall . 
 `` the pendants covered up aliah 's infraction , but they became your death sentence . 
 allow me to show you . '' 
 they say when you are near death that your life flashes before your eyes . 
 at first shai saw nothing but a stark-white square on the wall , but then a picture appeared . 
 an infant . 
 tiny and naked with large blue eyes . 
 she watched as a younger version of eliana with smiling eyes handed the infant to an older man with a halo of white hair . 
 he laid the child across his knees and pressed something against the tiny chest . 
 the infant wailed and when the man moved his hand away , shai saw the infant 's seared flesh with three interlocking circles embedded in it . 
 a few more scenes flashed across the wall and shai watched the child grow before her eyes in a matter of seconds . 
 some of the pictures she recognized from her old world thoughts . 
 she heard conversations in her mind , familiar voices calling the child lishai . 
 she saw eliana standing in the middle of a desolate street holding the child 's hand , now older . 
 the wind blew and lifted eliana 's hair away from her face , revealing the tell-tale shine of tears on her cheeks . 
 `` a rebellion is coming . 
 another war that will destroy the rest of edan . 
 but elchai has made a new land where we will be safe . 
 he calls it lael . 
 you will have a new name there and so will your friends , to protect you . 
 to keep your identity hidden . '' 
 the young child tipped her face to look up at eliana and smiled . 
 `` like a game ? '' 
 eliana nodded , `` yes , like a game . 
 can you play the ` what if ' game with me ? '' 
 the little girl grinned and bobbed her head which sent her blond curls dancing in the wind . 
 eliana walked slowly , past towering stone factories . 
 `` okay , what if i said your new name is shai . 
 can you say it ? '' 
 `` that 's easy , mama . 
 jachin and remii call me shai . '' 
 `` good . 
 now jachin will be aliah . 
 that 's a little harder . 
 and remii will be remiel . '' 
 `` until when ? 
 when does the game end ? 
 how can i win , mama ? '' 
 the child 's face shone bright with hope and expectation . 
 shai searched her mind for this memory and came up empty , but the ache in her chest confirmed what she already knew . 
 this is my own past flashing on this wall . 
 and eliana really is my mother . 
 she scrubbed at her wet cheeks with her knuckles . 
 her steel shackles clinked with the movement . 
 she focused on the wall again . 
 eliana 's voice sounded sad . 
 `` when you 've grown up a little more , lishai , you 'll know when it 's time for the game to end . 
 just keep this and stay close to jachin and remii . '' 
 `` it 's aliah and remiel now , mama . 
 remember ? '' 
 eliana bit her lip and handed the girl a book that looked too big for her small hands . 
 the book . 
 a few more scenes flashed before shai recognized another face . 
 her breath caught in her throat and a deep yearning rippled through her . 
 aliah . 
 chapter 18 shai shai smiled as she watched the image of a younger aliah with a boyish grin and thick , dark hair that he constantly brushed off his forehead . 
 his expression changed whenever he was near her , and she watched as her own cheeks flushed pink every time they bumped elbows , with each brush of their fingers . 
 next she saw remiel , his strong hands and gentle smile . 
 she saw the tug-of-war on her face whenever she was with both of them . 
 she saw the image of herself clasp hands with aliah while ignoring remiel . 
 aliah constantly interrupted her conversations with remiel and she continually chose to be with him over remiel . 
 i remember that . 
 she turned her face away . 
 samael poked her in the back . 
 `` watch ! '' 
 she turned back to the wall in time to re-live the moment when she had stood near the bridge in lael talking to remiel as aliah approached . 
 the scene seemed to move in slow motion . 
 she gasped as she watched aliah attack remiel and shove him face-first into the water . 
 then aliah flipped remiel over and slammed his fist into remiel 's face again and again . 
 shai watched herself cover her face with her hands and scream , `` no ! 
 no ! '' 
 that singular memory came back in a flood while she watched herself jump on aliah 's back , who shoved her onto the embankment . 
 he left bloody fingerprints on her tunic and arm . 
 even back then i had worn remiel 's blood . 
 she watched aliah push remiel 's lifeless body into the water . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 she cried out . 
 i ca n't watch this ! 
 she began to turn away again , but something made her heart nearly stop . 
 the wall flashed an image of samael in lael , handing out pendants . 
 then it flashed to samael and aliah talking with each other just out of shai 's earshot . 
 a second later she saw samael 's fingers on her throat as he fastened a pendant around her neck . 
 she shivered at the hungry look in his eyes as his hands lingered on her skin . 
 she watched scenes of her friends in lael as they walked around with long faces and empty eyes , dutifully obeying the mothers ' instructions . 
 every color and pleasant sight or sound seemed to drain away , leaving everything drab and grey . 
 it revealed her own internal change . 
 suspicion and anger towards aliah . 
 irritation instead of enjoyment . 
 remiel was gone and no one mentioned him . 
 he seemed to be forgotten . 
 next , the readings were displayed on the white wall in front of her : a girl exiled for her infraction and the laelites fearful faces , as a boy was sentenced to isolation . 
 another young child was chastised with ten lashings from a leather whip . 
 and so on , until the moment she was called up for her ` reward . ' 
 shai watched it all with tears dripping off her chin . 
 she re-lived the mistakes she had made , felt the anger that simmered just below the surface every second . 
 she stared at the moving images on the wall and grieved for the pieces of her earlier past that she could barely remember . 
 for aliah , who was laying cold and stiff on the floor not far from her . 
 for remiel , who was tacked to the wall just a few feet away , whom she could n't bear to look at . 
 the scenes skipped then repeated . 
 the same events , same readings , same punishments , same reactions . 
 everything on fast forward . 
 the scenes repeated again . 
 and again . 
 and again , until they blurred on the wall in front of her . 
 samael laughed . 
 `` do you like that ? 
 it 's your whole life in under three minutes . 
 then the last twenty-one days on repeat for the last five years . '' 
 what was he saying ? 
 `` that part was my gift to you ! 
 no one grew old and no one died unless they took off their pendants and their memories returned . 
 aliah wanted his infraction erased from everyone 's minds , so the easiest thing was to keep everyone on a memory loop . 
 twenty-one days of repeated events . 
 no harm done at all unless you were to wander too far from lael . 
 then the pendant 's poison would erase your mind permanently . '' 
 samael reached out and rubbed a lock of her hair between his thumb and forefinger . 
 `` shai , your mind is being erased right here , right now , while your body is back in kent . 
 if it were n't for remiel , you 'd be nothing but an empty shell soon . '' 
 like someone had kicked a rock loose from a dam , something inside shai broke . 
 her sobs echoed in the room and she pressed her fists into her burning eyes . 
 `` you stole our memories ! 
 you forced us to obey your laws and now you 're killing us ? '' 
 `` no , no , no . 
 i had nothing to do with the book or its laws . 
 you have elchai to thank for that , and aliah to thank for the pendants . 
 i merely watched over you . 
 kept you safe for those last five years . 
 i ca n't help it if the pendants have a built-in fail-safe . 
 if you wander past the borderless , it 's lights out . '' 
 the look of satisfaction on samael 's face stirred the deepest anger in shai . 
 years of bottled-up emotions uncorked . 
 anger had gone rancid . 
 murderous rage which she turned on samael . 
 her mouth opened in a silent scream . 
 her mind went blank . 
 fuzzy and thick like spoiled milk , that clotted her ability to think clearly . 
 she reached for samael 's face , but he grabbed her hair and pulled her backwards , screaming . 
 `` shut up ! '' 
 he shoved her . 
 she staggered then fell , her knees cracked hard against the floor . 
 samael rammed her with the toe of his boot . 
 `` get up ! '' 
 she staggered to her feet and faced him . 
 samael 's eyes ran up and down her body . 
 `` zev ! 
 come here . '' 
 the glint in samael 's eyes made her flesh crawl . 
 `` strip her . '' 
 he pointed at her shirt . 
 `` rip it off if you have to . '' 
 zev grabbed her shirt and completed the tear that samael had started earlier . 
 the remaining buttons popped loose and pinged across the floor . 
 shai slapped at zev 's hands as tears ran down her cheeks . 
 her nose dripped down her lips and chin . 
 choking sobs clogged up her throat . 
 `` no , zev . 
 please do n't . 
 please zev . 
 do n't ! '' 
 she struggled to get away from him , but he had wrapped one hand in her hair in a wicked grip . 
 his eyes flashed to hers as he ran his finger along the waistband of her trousers . 
 please no . 
 `` no ! '' 
 remiel 's voice ricocheted around the room . 
 zev released shai with a sudden shove , his eyes wild . 
 shai stumbled backwards , coughing and choking on the violent sobs that wracked her body . 
 zev glanced at remiel . 
 then samael . 
 `` we made a deal ... samael . 
 let ... her go . '' 
 shai held her arms tight against her chest as zev backed away , his eyes fixed back on remiel . 
 `` it 's me ... you want . 
 for ... revenge . 
 remember ? '' 
 samael 's fists curled against his sides and he strode to remiel . 
 remiel did n't blink , his one good eye flashed a deep blue-grey like lael 's stormy skies . 
 hard . 
 fearless . 
 `` life ... for life . '' 
 samael stared at remiel then turned and walked away , shaking his head . 
 shai scrambled to move out his way , still trying to hold her shirt closed . 
 samael sneered . 
 `` shut up , remiel . 
 i still get to deliver my reward . 
 you said nothing about that in your business proposal . '' 
 remiel pulled against his restraints . 
 `` samael ! 
 overseer and second in command over edan . 
 is n't that who you were ? 
 before my father stripped it from you ? '' 
 samael paused in his next step and looked at the ground . 
 `` rem , what are you doing ? 
 he 'll kill you ! '' 
 shai started to run to remiel , but he shook his head at her . 
 she stopped and looked back at samael . 
 `` what happened , sammy ? 
 did elchai have everything you wanted and all you received was just a few crumbs ? 
 did people fall all over themselves just to be near him ? '' 
 remiel 's taunting escalated , his voice grew louder and filled the room . 
 the resonance overpowered the death-moans of other prisoners . 
 `` your jealousy made you try and steal the hearts of the edanites from my father . 
 but they began to see who you really were . 
 did n't they ? 
 you could n't get even a tiny army to fight against elchai , could you ? 
 so you tried to steal his book . 
 you started the war ! 
 and in the end you could n't find the book , and you were banished to gershom ! 
 banished to live in this dark hole with no way out unless you can find the book . '' 
 samael finally turned around , his face scarlet , his teeth clenched . 
 `` say it sammy ! 
 say you want to kill me ! 
 tell me ... it 's revenge against my father that you want ! 
 you ... hate my father ! 
 look at me ! '' 
 samael tore across the room and grabbed a leather whip from a nearby table . 
 zev whispered , `` it 's all over now . '' 
 how can this be happening ? 
 i just lost aliah . 
 i ca n't lose remiel too ... again . 
 `` you ca n't ! 
 no , samael ! '' 
 her screams pierced her own ears . 
 `` are you stupid ? 
 why draw attention to yourself now ? 
 remiel made a deal . '' 
 zev glowered at her with hate-filled eyes . 
 `` you 're a coward ! 
 you 're just samael 's lackey . 
 his puppet ! 
 you 'd love to see remiel dead even more than you 'd love to see me raped ! '' 
 she hissed through clenched teeth . 
 a loud crack filled the air as samael brought the whip down across remiel 's chest . 
 the leather strap tore open his bare chest with one strike . 
 blood poured from the gash . 
 large , red drops splattered to the ground . 
 remiel inhaled , a sharp , brief sound before the next crack of the whip . 
 the next strike connected with remiel 's face , slicing open his other cheek . 
 his head rolled back . 
 `` life ... for life , sammy , '' he whispered . 
 chapter 19 shai rage , like liquid fire , threatened to drown shai . 
 her hands shook and burned , her chest blazed with heat . 
 she ran at samael and flung herself on his back . 
 he flicked her off like an insect . 
 she slammed her steel wrist cuffs against his back again and again until her wrists became bruised and swollen . 
 but samael remained fixated on remiel . 
 he struck with the whip again and remiel 's chest was flayed open . 
 white bones protruded through the ribbons of red flesh . 
 shai ran to remiel and dropped to her knees , the warmth of his blood on the ground soaked into her trousers . 
 `` get out of the way ! '' 
 samael flicked the tip of the whip across her bare chest and the pain of it added fire on top of fire . 
 `` do n't kill him ! '' 
 she twisted around and looked up at remiel as she yanked the pendant from her neck and dropped it into the puddle of blood around her . 
 `` remiel , i should 've listened to you . '' 
 remiel gasped . 
 `` take ... my chain . 
 put it around ... your neck . 
 wear the key . '' 
 she reached up , but just as she touched remiel 's gold chain zev tackled her . 
 she twisted in his grip and kicked at him , but he dodged and shoved her against the wall where her life had flashed minutes before . 
 with one arm he held her in a painful grip while he grabbed a thick , metal chain that dangled above her head with his other hand , and attached the chain to her steel cuff . 
 she twisted and writhed against the restraint . 
 no sound came from her throat that was swollen from screaming . 
 she sucked in huge draughts of air that burned as she inhaled . 
 remiel turned his bloodied face to her . 
 `` what if ... '' he began . 
 his voice rang out clearly in her mind . 
 familiar . 
 strong . 
 she shook her head . 
 do n't . 
 please do n't . 
 i ca n't do this . 
 hot tears poured down her cheeks . 
 she choked on sobs and could n't breathe for a second . 
 remiel began again . 
 the whip cracked . 
 his blue eyes held hers . 
 `` what if ... '' crack ! 
 i ca n't watch . 
 but she could n't turn away either . 
 not while remiel was looking at her . 
 crack ! 
 remiel hardly resembled himself anymore . 
 his flesh hungs in ribbons , exposing his ribs , stark white bone against a backdrop of deep red . 
 crack ! 
 crack ! 
 `` what if ... i died ... for you . '' 
 no ! 
 no ! 
 remiel , no ! 
 she could n't tear her wrists from the wall and run to him . 
 she could n't scream his name . 
 i ca n't watch you die . 
 this is all my fault . 
 if only i had listened to you and aliah about the pendants . 
 she hung there , dangling from the wall , limp and useless . 
 remiel lifted his head , slowly . 
 in the midst of a mass of bloody , pulpy-flesh was a flash of blue . 
 remiel 's one good eye cut to samael who breathed heavily , his face wet with sweat . 
 `` i never wrote those laws , remiel , but i imagine there have been several of them broken here today . '' 
 remiel 's eye rolled back in his head and shai saw his throat move as he tried to swallow . 
 he looked at shai again . 
 `` not true . '' 
 remiel 's eye then moved to zev , shuddering against the wall near her . 
 then he looked at each of the two guards in the room and shook his head almost imperceptibly . 
 `` there are ... no more ... infractions . '' 
 samael snorted and pulled on the leathery length of whip . 
 remiel shook his head again . 
 `` where no laws exist ... no infractions ... can occur . '' 
 `` nice try , remiel . 
 your deal is about the pendants . 
 the laws exist because the book exists . '' 
 he raised the whip over his head . 
 `` no more ... laws . 
 it is ... finished . '' 
 crack ! 
 remiel 's head fell to one side , his mouth hung open , but the light of life still gleamed in his eye . 
 the room fell silent except for samael 's breathing and shai 's chain rattling , as deep , shuddering cries shook her body . 
 noiseless cries that hurt every part of her . 
 she locked eyes with remiel . 
 and his voice filled her from the inside out . 
 `` what if ... if i told you ... i love you ? '' 
 he blinked his good eye slowly . 
 once . 
 twice . 
 then he sighed and the light in his blue eye went out . 
 chapter 20 shai the kentites called shai 's cross-over from death the awakening . 
 the only wound she carried back to kent from gershom was an invisible one . 
 at night the pain threatened to suffocate her and during the day it enveloped her in an ever-present darkness . 
 deeper than any pain she 'd ever known , she wore it close to her heart : the love of two brothers who died protecting her and the shame of her own unworthiness . 
 sector seven felt like a hole , dark and empty without aliah or remiel . 
 when shai had finally recovered enough to be led out to the core , she was swarmed by concerned citizens asking her about the awakening . 
 she was the only one to have crossed over to gershom and come back alive since the war . 
 but she could n't say much . 
 could n't talk about what it was like . 
 she wanted to keep it to herself , just for a little while , until the blinding pain of her loss had diminished . 
 if it ever did . 
 the effects of the pendant had completely faded by the third day of her awakening . 
 the memories she saw on the wall in gershom stayed with her , but they remained distant like they belonged to someone else . 
 she stood against the railing and watched the waterwheel turn the swirling , white water below . 
 she was glad the water did n't remain calm long enough for her to catch her reflection . 
 it was enough that she saw her long , drawn face and sad mouth reflected in the eyes of the people that cared about her . 
 mara asked her daily how she was doing . 
 the older woman had become like a mother to her , almost as close as eliana was . 
 she had stayed with shai during her struggle with death , mopping her brow and forcing drops of water between her swollen lips . 
 the twenty-one children from lael had settled in with their adoptive families and shai enjoyed hearing their laughter echoing in the corridors . 
 the grey had disappeared from the laelites and their original heritage started to become clear in the colors of their eyes : blue , brown , hazel , and various shades of green . 
 the children born to kentite parents in the camps had been branded with the single flame . 
 some sported it on their chests , others the backs of their hands or even their foreheads , taking pride in their identities after being lost for so long . 
 `` shai ? '' 
 a familiar voice behind her made her turn . 
 she smiled at mara and bit her lip like she always did when the gentle woman turned her soft green eyes on shai . 
 it was in them that she saw aliah . 
 she had n't been able to bring herself to see elchai yet , whose blue eyes and steady smile reminded her most of remiel . 
 mara carried a bundle wrapped in a fuzzy , blue blanket and the tiny noises coming from it gave shai a stab of joy . 
 `` do you want to see him ? '' 
 mara held the infant out to shai who took him gently , hesitating slightly to look into his little face . 
 his tiny fist was shoved into his mouth and he made slurping noises as he tried to suck on it . 
 he looked up at shai with his blue eyes and she kissed his forehead . 
 mara watched , smiling . 
 `` his name is jachin . '' 
 mara said softly , tears shining in her eyes . 
 `` ellersly named him . 
 he 's sileas 's baby brother . '' 
 shai looked down at the baby and her tears fell on his cheek . 
 she held him close to her . 
 `` he 's a kentite then ? '' 
 mara nodded then touched shai 's arm . 
 `` today 's his branding day . 
 do you want to take him to elchai for it ? '' 
 shai 's heart squeezed . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i 'm ... i 'm not ready . '' 
 she handed jachin back to mara . 
 `` i ca n't stay here , mara . 
 everywhere i turn i see ... your boys . 
 i need to find eliana . 
 i know she 's alive out there , somewhere . 
 and i need to go to the camps and back to lael . 
 now that i know about the pendants i want to rip them off people if i have to . '' 
 mara smiled . 
 `` it wo n't work like that . 
 they need to choose just like you did . 
 all you can do is tell them . 
 let them know what happened in gershom , what you saw there . 
 if they choose to believe you then they will gladly remove the pendants , but it 's still up to them to decide . 
 you ca n't force them . '' 
 shai twisted the hem of her long blue shirt . 
 `` you 're right . 
 i 'm going to go pack . '' 
 `` right now ? 
 you 've only been on your feet for three days . 
 rest a few more days before you make that journey . 
 the pendants wo n't have the same power as they used to , especially now that the book is n't in lael . 
 there is no more record of infractions . 
 you have time . 
 say good-bye to ellersly . 
 he 'll never forgive you if you leave without seeing him . '' 
 `` when is he back ? '' 
 mara looked down at the baby sleeping peacefully in her arms . 
 when she looked up at shai again her face was open , eyes clear . 
 she 'd been able to grieve her sons ' deaths without falling apart every other minute . 
 something shai had n't mastered . 
 `` he left the day of your awakening . 
 he said if he has n't found aliah 's body by the fourth day then he 'd return . 
 he could be gone a few more days yet . '' 
 `` and kael ? '' 
 mara shrugged . 
 `` no one 's seen him . '' 
 `` mara ! 
 shai ! '' 
 raucous shouting followed by the sound of running , echoed through the cavernous core . 
 the two women turned to see a red-faced ellersly running towards them waving something in the air . 
 `` ell ! '' 
 shai ran to him and held him in a tight embrace . 
 he laughed and patted her back . 
 when mara joined them she leaned in and asked the question shai wanted to ask but could n't . 
 `` did you find him ? '' 
 ellersly blew a breath out and wiped his damp face on his sleeve . 
 he nodded . 
 `` yeah . 
 we buried him out there , mara . 
 there ... there was n't any way we could bring him back . '' 
 shai 's throat tightened and she coughed . 
 ellersly caught her eye . 
 `` i found this . 
 perfectly intact . '' 
 he waved a folded piece of paper at her and shai took it in trembling hands . 
 it was well-creased and stained , but the page of the book looked unscathed . 
 shai began to unfold the page just as someone approached them . 
 ellersly turned around . 
 shai and mara stared at the tall stranger striding purposefully towards the group . 
 his long , black cloak flapped open behind him . 
 `` oh ! 
 i almost forgot ! '' 
 ellersly 's chin wobbled , his face scarlet with embarrassment . 
 `` this guy showed up when we found aliah ... and ... he helped us bury him . 
 we could n't have done it without him . 
 he came from the outerlands and wanted to come rest here before moving on to sector six then ... '' `` five and four ... i 'm a sector protector . '' 
 the young man spoke as he came near . 
 his deep-set , blue eyes looked at each face in turn . 
 his features were plain but pleasant , his light brown hair hung over one eye and he ran his fingers through it , pushing it back . 
 the gesture unnerved shai and she stepped back . 
 he looked directly at her . 
 `` my last stop is lael . '' 
 the page rattled in shai 's shaking hands and she quickly refolded it . 
 mara turned a large smile on the man . 
 `` i 'm mara . 
 you 've already met ellersly , this is baby jachin here and this is ... '' `` lishai . '' 
 he grinned and two dimples appeared in his cheeks . 
 `` how did ... ? 
 the words stuck in her throat . 
 she 'd told no one about seeing her life projected on the wall in gershom . 
 or about her old world name . 
 `` we 've met before . '' 
 he extended his hand and shai shook it . 
 firm . 
 warm . 
 he squeezed her fingers gently and heat flashed through her chest . 
 `` call me ... remii . '' 
 his eyes danced . 
 `` i have something for you . '' 
 he held out a gold chain . 
 the hair on her arms stood on end . 
 `` where did you get that ? '' 
 he shrugged and smiled broadly . 
 `` my father always said that love is the only thing stronger than death . '' 
 shai sucked in a breath . 
 she could n't explain why he looked so different or why he reminded her of his brother , but here he was . 
 like he had been re-born . 
 the son of thunder . 
 alive . 
 chapter 21 ava she coiled her long dark hair around her hand then pinned it high on her head before turning to catch her reflection in the full-length mirror . 
 its golden frame caught the sunlight and threw it back to her in a myriad of miniature rainbows . 
 `` it 's so beautiful ! 
 where 'd you get it ? '' 
 ava looked at the reflection of the man standing behind her . 
 he put his hand on her shoulder and spun her around . 
 `` you 're beautiful ! '' 
 his dark eyes widened , two black stones in a deep pool . 
 she did n't really need the mirror , she saw herself perfectly in his eyes whenever she looked into them . 
 but the antique mirror was his gift to her . 
 she flashed him a grin then cupped his face in her hands . 
 his whiskers scratched her palms as she brought his face to hers and kissed him long and hard on the mouth . 
 `` so , where did you get it ? '' 
 ava wrapped her arms around his neck as his hands found her waist . 
 `` the outerlands . '' 
 he smiled and she tipped her face up to kiss him again . 
 `` you said you had something special . 
 is the mirror it or what did you really bring back for me ? '' 
 he dropped his hands and pretended to look hurt . 
 she laughed as he pulled something from the back pocket of his trousers then dropped it into her open palm . 
 she turned it over and over in her hand , then held it up to her window . 
 `` a key . '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` but what 's it for ? '' 
 she tossed it on her bed then turned around again . 
 `` ava , it 's not just any key . 
 it 's one of the three . '' 
 she did n't miss his impatient tone . 
 he looked upset that she did n't understand the key 's importance . 
 she snatched the key then jumped up and looked out her window , twisting the silver key around and around as she stared outside . 
 the dark green jewel on the front glittered . 
 `` it 's nice . 
 i was just hoping you 'd brought me the book . '' 
 she said without turning around . 
 `` the book is somewhere safe . 
 now that samael has decided to renew his interest in it . 
 funny how it was in lael all that time and he never knew it . '' 
 she felt his arms around her as he came up behind her . 
 `` and ace is dead . '' 
 ava froze . 
 `` dead ? '' 
 `` i thought you 'd be pleased . '' 
 his breath moved a tendril of her hair against her neck . 
 she scratched the spot absently . 
 `` akan ... i 'm surprised is all . '' 
 she tapped her fingernail against the key . 
 `` it was shai we wanted dead . 
 but never mind that . 
 ace had a page from the book . 
 did you get that at least ? '' 
 akan rubbed lazy circles on her stomach with his thumb . 
 `` could n't find the body . '' 
 ava released the breath she did n't realize she 'd been holding then pushed akan away . 
 `` then how do you know he 's dead ? '' 
 akan shrugged . 
 a gesture ava despised . 
 it meant he was unsure , but did n't really care . 
 `` my brother . 
 he was there . 
 he saw what happened in gershom . 
 everything . '' 
 ava sighed . 
 `` zev ? 
 he 's a liar . 
 anyone who lurks around like a dog at night ca n't be trusted . '' 
 akan grabbed ava 's narrow wrist and pulled her towards him . 
 `` i lurk and you trust me . '' 
 he pressed his lips to the back of her hand . 
 she smiled then pulled her hand away . 
 `` did you see kael ? 
 or remiel ? '' 
 akan 's face fell and she shoved his chest . 
 `` my father 's in the next room . 
 just answer my question . '' 
 `` no , i did n't see kael . 
 no one has . 
 and zev witnessed remiel die . 
 he 's shook up about it i guess , because ... '' ava tapped the key against her chin . 
 `` because . . ? '' 
 `` well , he said it was weird . 
 shai was there too and after remiel died they both just ... disappeared . '' 
 ava closed her eyes . 
 `` then they 've crossed back over . 
 we have n't stopped anything . '' 
 `` ava , what do you mean ? '' 
 `` the coalition . 
 the three of them will still form the rebellion . 
 we 've prevented nothing . '' 
 `` but ace is dead . 
 how can that be possible ? '' 
 ava threw the key across the room and it bounced off her windowsill . 
 she narrowed her eyes at akan . 
 `` you do n't even know for sure that he 's dead ! 
 he could 've crossed back over with the other two ! '' 
 ava paced back and forth until akan grabbed her arm . 
 `` sector seven is mourning his death . 
 i 'm positive he 's dead . '' 
 ava twisted away from akan and walked to the door . 
 she opened it then paused and turned back around . 
 `` prove it ! 
 go out there and find him . '' 
 akan blanched . 
 `` ava ... '' `` bring me his decayed body if that 's what it takes ! 
 but i want him ! 
 here ! '' 
 ava stepped out into the hallway . 
 akan 's voice followed her . 
 `` but what about shai and remiel ? '' 
 ava called over her shoulder . 
 `` kill them . '' 
 she put a hand on the wall for support as everything began to spin . 
 ace was the one who had distracted her from killing shai when she had the chance . 
 she had the book in conley and she could n't believe it when shai had innocently waltzed into sector three . 
 but then ace returned . 
 he walked right into her weakness . 
 took her breath away then walked back out . 
 he made her feel alive . 
 where are you , ace ? 
 she breathed in a deep breath then exhaled slowly . 
 it 's time for a change of plans . 
 let samael send out his hunters and death dogs . 
 i have a better idea . 
 she only needed the book and ace . 
 alive or dead . 
 it did n't matter . 
 i will resurrect him myself , now that the book is no longer in lael and that stupid time-loop of samael 's is broken , everything written in the book will happen . 
 i just need to be the one to find the book first . 
 she did n't need to stop the coalition when she could just re-write the future . 
 a powerful future where she would govern not only the seven sectors , but all of edan , the borderless and the outerlands . 
 she smiled to herself . 
 i will have a future with ace . 
 now that anything is possible . 
 about aria j. wolfe aria j. wolfe has an insatiable appetite for all kinds of books . 
 she daily devours them when she 's not pounding out her own tales on a laptop . 
 she loves to inspire people through her stories about characters who overcome seemingly insurmountable odds and the transformation it produces . 
 she has been writing poetry and prose since grade school and has won several contests . 
 a.j. lives with her family in rural alberta , canada . 
 no , she does n't live in an igloo . 
 thank you for reading my book . 
 if you enjoyed it , wo n't you please take a moment to leave me a review at your favorite retailer ? 
 thank so much ! 
 other books by aria j. wolfe please visit your favorite ebook retailer to discover other books by aria j. wolfe : preorders available at select retailers ! 
 the coalition series book one : the coalition episode1 released april 1 , 2014 the coalition episode 2 released april 8 , 2014 the coalition episode 3 released april 15 , 2014 the coalition -lrb- full ebook -rrb- released april 22 , 2014 the coalition -lrb- paperback edition -rrb- released april 22 , 2014 book two : the outerlands releases september of 2014 book three : releases 2015 -lrb- title and cover to be released soon ! -rrb- 
 connect with a.j. friend me on facebook : http://facebook.com/ariajwolfe follow me on twitter : https://twitter.com/aria_wolfe visit me on pinterest : http://www.pinterest.com/ariajw visit my website : http://ariajwolfe.com 
