 all characters in this book are fictitious and any resemblance to real persons , living or dead , is purely coincidental . 
 pleasant bay by melody layne copyright © 2014 melody layne smashwords edition cover art stock photography : coloured smoke isolated on black background © kanzefar , stalking © mrkornflakes , cemetery , graveyard with tombstones at night © fergregory . 
 licensed from depositphots . 
 this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 many thanks to g. sauvage and d. mischlewski for helpful suggestions and editing . 
 dedicated to erin . 
 pleasant bay chapter one abby may checked her phone : no messages . 
 she sighed and replaced the phone in her beach bag . 
 surely her friends could n't have forgotten her already ? 
 her best friend , hannah , would be at work at the department store back in the city . 
 abby was sure hannah would text her later . 
 abby looked out at the wide curve of pleasant bay . 
 the sun was high , the water glinting and shining like the scales of a fish . 
 the city seemed miles away . 
 it was hard to believe this was her new home now . 
 sitting on her towel , abby reached out and took a handful of the fine powdery sand and let it trail slowly through her fingers . 
 she knew most kids would kill to have a life like hers : huge mansion by the water , the latest model smartphone , fashionable clothes . 
 her dad was planning to buy her a car this year . 
 but what was the point of it all without anyone to share it with ? 
 `` abby ! '' 
 abby looked up . 
 the sun was in her eyes . 
 she could n't quite make out the person coming towards her , but guessed that it was jess andrews . 
 jess ' parents ran the bay grocery store and she was one of the first people abby had met in town . 
 jess was friendly and chatted to everyone . 
 abby stood up and shook the sand from her towel . 
 `` how 's it going , abby ? 
 what are you up to ? '' 
 jess was smiling . 
 her gray-green eyes and light brown hair caught the light . 
 abby had strawberry blond hair and dark blue eyes . 
 people often assumed her hair was dyed or that she wore colored contacts , but neither was true . 
 abby knew she looked different to most other girls -- different in a good way -- but like having wealthy parents , being attractive sometimes bought its own problems . 
 `` hey , jess . 
 how 's things ? 
 thought i 'd catch some sun before i go shopping . 
 what about you , are you on your way to the store ? '' 
 jess made a face . 
 `` yeah . 
 how 'd you guess ? 
 i feel like i just about live there . 
 oh wait , i do live there ! '' 
 jess laughed . 
 abby liked the fact that jess did n't seem to mind living in the small house with her parents behind the grocery store . 
 abby had money , sure - but it was no big deal . 
 she was n't a cash-brat and sometimes that had made making friends in the competitive world of the city a challenge . 
 a small town seemed like a nice change . 
 `` i 'll walk you , '' abby said . 
 the two girls began walking along the sand towards the grocery store . 
 abby noticed some unusual shells and types of seaweed she had n't seen anywhere before . 
 `` are you shopping for something special ? '' 
 jess asked . 
 abby was n't quite sure what to say . 
 if she admitted she was going shopping just for fun , it might make her look like a bit of a spoilt rich kid or that she did n't have anyone to hang out with . 
 `` oh , i kind of need some new stuff before school starts in a couple of weeks , you know . 
 i have some nice summer things but some of these dresses seem a little out of place for school . '' 
 `` you could definitely wear that dress to school ; it 's great ! '' 
 jess enthused . 
 abby 's dress was a soft green color and made from fine flowing material . 
 it was covered with a pattern of tiny apples and flowers . 
 `` oh i do n't know ... '' abby said , shyly . 
 `` it 's a pain finding stuff for school , '' jess went on , laughing . 
 the teachers seem to find something wrong with everything . 
 i 'm convinced they want us all to look like nuns ! '' 
 `` it 's a co-ed , school , right ? '' 
 abby asked . 
 `` yeah , it is . 
 you did n't know ? 
 i guess you still do n't know that many people around here . '' 
 jess frowned for a moment . 
 `` well , that does n't surprise me . 
 there 's not that much to do around here . 
 unless you 're crazy about fishing , or water sports ! '' 
 jess smiled . 
 `` i 'll be at the mall later , after i finish at the store , to meet up with a bunch of friends . 
 why do n't you come hang out with us at sundaes after you 've finished shopping ? '' 
 `` okay sure ! 
 that 'd be neat . 
 sundaes is the ice-cream parlor in the mall , right ? '' 
 jess nodded . 
 she was doing her best to make abby feel welcome . 
 abby was glad to be invited to meet jess ' friends . 
 the two girls clambered up the dunes and walked along the top of the main beach . 
 they said goodbye when they reached the esplanade and went in different directions . 
 abby walked home , thinking about this new town she and her father had moved to . 
 the relaxed lifestyle of pleasant bay would be a welcome change from the hectic life in the city . 
 the locals seemed friendly and there was plenty of time to spend at the beach . 
 abby knew her mother would have liked it . 
 abby 's mother had always wanted her father to slow down and not work so hard . 
 sometimes they had gone to places like pleasant bay on vacation , staying at expensive resorts . 
 but abby could count the number of family vacations on one hand . 
 her dad had always worked hard . 
 now that her mother had passed away , he worked harder than ever . 
 as the managing director of mayfield industries , gordon may put in long hours for the business . 
 abby reached the gate of the solid steel and concrete house that she shared with her dad . 
 it was dark blue and from the outside the windows looked dark and opaque . 
 abby flipped open the letterbox . 
 only a couple of bills for her father and a flyer for a takeout place . 
 she was surprised at her own disappointment . 
 after all , who would be writing to her ? 
 all of her city friends had smartphones and the internet . 
 no one wrote ` snail mail ' anymore . 
 abby let herself inside . 
 she would fix herself something to eat and sit out on the patio . 
 maybe i 'll look for a part-time job , she thought . 
 it would be a good way to get to know people in the town as well as earning a bit of pocket money . 
 millie , her puppy , came rushing up to greet her . 
 she was a yellow labrador with huge chocolate brown eyes and heaps of energy . 
 she tore around and around abby 's ankles , barking non-stop until abby picked her up . 
 millie wriggled , trying to lick abby 's face . 
 gordon may had bought millie as a present for abby a few months ago on the day it would have been her mother 's birthday . 
 it had been a year since abby 's mother , rachel may , had passed away in a car accident . 
 abby was still struggling to hold on to millie as she checked the messages on the home phone . 
 the first one was from her dad . 
 `` hi kiddo ... have to work back again tonight ... sorry i know , i 'm changing things again ... i 'll have carla go to the store ... see you later on , love you . '' 
 abby sighed and looked at the flyer stuck to the fridge for sam 's pizzas by the bay . 
 it was the third time this month her dad had said they would go and try it out . 
 she put millie down , and listened to the sound of her claws clicking as she skittered over the kitchen tiles . 
 it was a bit embarrassing that her dad still called abby ` kiddo . ' 
 she would be eighteen in a few months . 
 but abby knew he was just joking around . 
 compared to some of her friends ' parents , her dad treated her like an adult . 
 he sounded tired on the recording . 
 abby forgot her disappointment and felt sorry for him . 
 the next message started . 
 she could hear that there was a recording , but there was no voice . 
 no sound . 
 or was there ? 
 abby held the phone closer to her ear . 
 millie barked . 
 was that noise on the line ? 
 millie was watching something through the window and was barking at the glass . 
 `` mille , be quiet ! '' 
 abby said in a loud whisper . 
 abby strained to hear . 
 it sounded like a soft rustling , or static , she could n't be sure . 
 after i hang up i 'll check the number display , she thought . 
 had someone just muttered the word , ` you ' ? 
 more silence followed and then the soft ` click ' of a phone hanging up . 
 who had called her ? 
 chapter two abby played the message again . 
 suddenly there was a noise at the front door . 
 abby jumped , put the phone down and ran into the hall . 
 their housekeeper , carla , was struggling in the doorway with heavy grocery bags . 
 abby took some . 
 `` thank you , abby . '' 
 carla had a soft accent . 
 abby was n't quite sure what type of accent it was . 
 not that it mattered . 
 but carla had only just started at their house and abby was curious about her . 
 she had come ` highly recommended ' by a business friend her father occasionally played golf with . 
 and it was true , the house was spotlessly clean , but how well did her dad 's friend really know her ? 
 abby helped carla unpack the groceries and put them away , leaving out the items she needed for her snack . 
 as abby made a sandwich she wondered who jess would introduce her to , and whether she had a nice brother or knew any cute guys . 
 abby took the sandwich and a bottle of juice out onto the patio . 
 the sun felt warm on her face . 
 in some ways she could n't wait for the school year to begin , but she knew that as soon as it did she would be wishing for the holidays again . 
 abby finished her lunch and sat daydreaming in the sun for awhile . 
 inevitably her thoughts drifted to xavier . 
 they had broken up a week before abby had moved to pleasant bay and since then he 'd been acting like a jerk . 
 well like even more of a jerk , she thought . 
 he 'd sent her another bunch of stupid , angry text messages a few days ago , but abby still missed him . 
 she knew it did n't make sense . 
 she fought the urge to call or text him . 
 trying to stay friends and keep in touch would only make things harder . 
 maybe i 'll meet someone new here , abby thought , as she went inside to collect her bag . 
 she said goodbye to carla and started off for the mall . 
 the pleasant bay shopping area was tiny compared to the malls back home in the city . 
 well , the city was n't back home anymore , she reminded herself . 
 this was her new home . 
 abby checked her phone . 
 still no text from hannah . 
 she sat down on a bench seat and wrote , hey what 's up ? 
 ca n't wait 2 tell u about pb l8tr . 
 abby did n't exactly know what she would tell hannah when they spoke later . 
 there was n't much happening in pleasant bay to speak of . 
 the shopping area consisted of a supermarket , a drug store , a budget clothing shop , a convenience store , a realtor , sundaes ice-cream parlor , and a tiny internet café next to a small fashion shop . 
 the handful of shops was a good thing , though , abby reminded herself . 
 if her father 's company was successful , there would soon be ten times as many stores , a marina , restaurants and a movie theater . 
 there would be heaps of places to hang out . 
 abby went into the fashion store while she killed time . 
 she had been there once and had n't seen anything that she had liked , but she had nothing better to do until it was time to meet jess . 
 `` can i help you ? '' 
 abby turned to see a girl about her age , holding a pricing gun . 
 she was short with dark curly hair . 
 abby smiled at the girl . 
 `` no , thanks . 
 i 'm just browsing . '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 the girl made to walk off , then added , `` hey , i like your dress . 
 you ca n't have bought that around here . 
 did you buy it on-line ? '' 
 abby smiled . 
 `` no . 
 actually , i bought this one in the city . '' 
 the girl smiled . 
 `` oh right . 
 i just wondered . 
 a lot of people are buying on-line these days . 
 it puts most little stores like ours out of business . 
 luckily still plenty of tourists around . 
 are you visiting ? '' 
 the assistant did n't seem like she had much to do . 
 abby was the only other person in the store . 
 abby picked up a floppy yellow sunhat . 
 it was almost an exact match for one of the colors in her dress . 
 `` no . 
 i just moved here with my dad . '' 
 `` oh really ? 
 what does he do ? '' 
 abby turned her attention to the hat . 
 the question was a little more personal than she would have liked . 
 she was n't used to engaging in conversation with sales assistants . 
 the girl seemed friendly rather than nosey , though , and abby did n't want to appear rude . 
 sensing her hesitation the girl said , `` sorry , none of my business , really . 
 it 's just that not many people move here . 
 we get a lot of visitors but not many people come to stay . 
 most people move away , if anything . '' 
 `` no , that 's okay , '' abby said . 
 she twirled the sunhat in her hands . 
 `` my dad builds commercial buildings . 
 well , he does n't build them himself . 
 i mean , he decides where they should be put . 
 he works out the best places for new shopping centers , malls , that kind of stuff . '' 
 `` that 's cool , '' the girl said , nodding to herself . 
 `` i 'm chelsea , by the way . 
 chelsea martin . '' 
 `` i 'm abby . 
 abigail may . 
 do you go to pleasant bay high ? '' 
 `` yeah , it 's the only school around here . 
 the next one 's about an hour away , over in fairmont . 
 once in a while we get together with the kids from fairmont high for meets , those sorts of things . 
 there 's a bit of rivalry . '' 
 abby raised her eyebrows . 
 `` oh , do n't worry , it 's all friendly . '' 
 chelsea laughed . 
 `` there 's no stealing of mascots or anything like that . 
 we 're not even really big enough to have a mascot ... although we do have one . 
 some kind of furry ... thing . '' 
 chelsea laughed . 
 `` it 's a seal or something . 
 and we have a cheerleading team . 
 are you going to try out ? '' 
 abby smiled but said nothing . 
 cheerleading was n't really her thing . 
 she preferred to spend time drawing or reading or sitting on the beach and staring up at the clouds . 
 but she knew if she wanted to meet people she might have to try new things . 
 `` are you on the team ? '' 
 she asked chelsea . 
 chelsea laughed again . 
 `` me ? 
 you 're kidding , right ? 
 i 'm too short and ah ... shall we say ... cuddly . '' 
 abby smiled and shook her head to indicate that she did n't agree with chelsea 's assessment . 
 she thought the other girl was pretty and seemed fun . 
 abby lifted the hat to her head and looked in the mirror `` hey , that hat suits you . '' 
 abby grinned and removed the hat . 
 it did look good . 
 she decided to buy it . 
 chelsea rang up her purchase . 
 `` so what do you guys do around here ? '' 
 abby asked . 
 `` for fun , i mean ? '' 
 `` well , a lot of us are into water sports and stuff . 
 water skiing , surfing , swimming . 
 that kind of thing . '' 
 abby removed the price tag from the hat and placed it on her head . 
 `` do you know jess andrews ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` you mean jess from the bay grocery ? 
 of course ! 
 everyone knows everyone around here , '' chelsea replied cheerily , handing abby her change . 
 abby felt foolish . 
 she was still in the habit of thinking she was surrounded by thousands of people . 
 how could chelsea not know the girl that worked in the local store ? 
 she wondered how well she was going to fit in to such a small town . 
 `` neat . '' 
 abby said . 
 `` well i 'd better be going . '' 
 `` it was nice meeting you , abby may . '' 
 chelsea said . 
 `` welcome to pleasant bay ... hey , that rhymes ! '' 
 the girls laughed and abby left the store . 
 she was sure she was worried about nothing . 
 the people seem really friendly , she thought . 
 like they actually care what kind of day you 're having when they ask . 
 the sun was still beating down . 
 abby was glad for the hat . 
 she checked the time on her phone and saw a message from hannah . 
 gr8 ca n't wait 2 chat . 
 dragon face giving me heaps today !! 
 abby smiled . 
 ` dragon face ' was hannah 's boss at the department store she worked at . 
 hannah complained a lot about people she did n't like , but somehow it was always funny and made abby laugh . 
 abby just finished reading hannah 's message when she noticed jess across the other side of the parking lot . 
 jess noticed abby at the same time and waved . 
 jess was standing out the front of sundaes with three other people . 
 abby smiled shyly and started over . 
 as she approached them a tall guy with dark hair was saying goodbye and walking away . 
 `` hi abby ! 
 this is sarah and chloe . '' 
 jess said , as she made the introductions . 
 sarah had dark flawless skin and a short stylish bob , while chloe had dyed ash-blond hair that was so white it looked almost gray . 
 it made her pale blue eyes seem even lighter . 
 they looked like the eyes of a huskie , abby thought . 
 sarah and chloe were both friendly and talkative and the four girls were soon chatting easily . 
 the interior of sundaes was done in a 50s style . 
 it was crowded . 
 there were tourists at some of the tables and groups of teenagers at the others . 
 sundaes was obviously the main hang out place . 
 abby looked around . 
 most of these kids probably go to pleasant bay high , she thought . 
 the girls ordered burgers and milkshakes . 
 abby found herself telling them about life in the city , and they in turn told her about life in the bay . 
 in some ways they were worlds apart , but as the afternoon went on , abby realized they had lots in common : guys , school , parents . 
 it 's not going to be so hard to fit in here after all , she thought . 
 `` so is everyone going to mark 's party ? '' 
 sarah asked . 
 abby looked up from her drink . 
 she did n't know what to say and felt her cheeks going red . 
 `` i do n't think i 'm invited , '' she said . 
 `` who 's mark ? '' 
 why would i be invited ? 
 she thought . 
 hardly anyone knows me yet . 
 `` oh , do n't worry about that , '' jess laughed . 
 `` mark crowley invites everyone . 
 he throws the best parties around here . '' 
 `` his parents do , you mean . '' 
 chloe said , enigmatically . 
 `` yeah , well , his family . 
 they 're loaded . '' 
 jess went on . 
 `` eric crowley is the head of some big company , and about the richest person from here to alaska . 
 the crowleys throw these huge parties every year , as a kind of goodbye to summer , i guess . 
 everyone 's invited . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 abby said . 
 `` you mean the whole town 's invited ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' sarah said . 
 `` everyone . '' 
 `` but how do they know who belongs to the town , and who 's on vacation ? '' 
 abby wondered aloud . 
 `` oh , it does n't matter , '' chloe said . 
 `` it 's whoever happens to be around on the night . '' 
 later than afternoon , jess and abby walked back towards the bay grocery together . 
 `` so what 's mark like ? '' 
 abby asked . 
 `` was he the guy you guys were talking to in front of sundaes when i arrived ? 
 i feel like i should know something about him if i 'm automatically invited to his party on the weekend . '' 
 abby kept her tone light . 
 she was n't quite sure about the ` automatic ' invitation . 
 jess smiled . 
 `` no . 
 that guy was james merritt , mark 's best friend . 
 we were discussing the party . 
 i would have introduced you but he had to go . '' 
 `` and mark ? '' 
 `` ha ! 
 mark . 
 well he 's the kind of guy you just have to meet , really . 
 he 's not easy to describe , but i 'll describe him anyway , '' she said , laughing . 
 `` he 's really nice . 
 and well , obviously , to be throwing this party , he 's generous and popular . 
 but also , to be honest , he 's a little odd . '' 
 abby stared at her . 
 `` what ? 
 like ... crazy or something ? '' 
 `` oh no , i should n't say ` odd . ' 
 he 's not weird . 
 he 's just ... you know the type . 
 quiet . '' 
 abby did n't think ` quiet ' sounded odd . 
 or crazy . 
 quiet was , well , quiet . 
 `` the thing is , apart from being quiet , he 's kind of aloof , i guess . 
 but he 's really smart too . 
 when you 're alone with him , he can be really friendly , but in a crowd it can be like he hardly knows you . 
 you just ca n't be sure with him . '' 
 jess pulled her jacket around herself a bit tighter . 
 `` he sounds interesting , '' abby said politely . 
 she wondered how often jess had been alone with him . 
 was mark an ex-boyfriend maybe ? 
 `` yeah , i guess you could say ` interesting ' , '' jess replied . 
 she had turned to look out over the water and was silent for awhile . 
 she sighed , then said , `` it can get pretty annoying . '' 
 as abby followed jess 's gaze out to the water , she was n't sure if she was still talking about mark crowley or life in pleasant bay in general . 
 chapter three when abby woke up the sun was already streaming in from behind her bedroom curtains . . 
 she had fallen asleep in front of the tv the night before , waiting for her dad to get home . 
 at ten o’clock she had texted him and gone to bed . 
 now it was morning and he had probably already left for the office . 
 abby rolled over . 
 she wondered how long her dad would keep working like this . 
 she wondered if he was still trying not to think about the accident . 
 abby still thought about her mother a lot . 
 little things reminded her : a song on the radio or seeing a copy of one of her mother 's favorite books . 
 abby often still felt sad about her mother 's death but she did n't cry so much anymore . 
 she did n't know how she felt about that . 
 while she knew she would never forget her mother , part of her was afraid she might . 
 she knew things were different for her dad . 
 abby looked like her mother , especially now that she was growing up , and abby worried that it made her dad feel sad to be around her . 
 she knew it was silly to think that way , but she could n't help it . 
 abby got out of bed and opened the curtains . 
 the day came pouring in . 
 millie had been asleep at the end of the bed , but in a split second , she hit the carpet and was out the door , running down the stairs . 
 abby sorted out some clothes to wear , thinking about the other girls she had met yesterday and her conversation with jess . 
 she realized she had forgotten to call hannah . 
 abby reached for her phone . 
 there was a text from hannah from the previous night . 
 she heard millie barking , waiting to be fed . 
 abby called hannah as she went downstairs to the kitchen . 
 `` what happened to you last night ? '' 
 it was comforting to hear hannah 's voice . 
 it made abby feel like she was only away on vacation and would be back in the city soon . 
 `` well , hello to you too ! 
 sorry , i got stuck in front of the tv , waiting for dad to get home , '' abby said . 
 `` what ! 
 that 's totally lame ! 
 you were watching tv ? 
 you could have at least been out on a date ! 
 i ca n't believe you 'd put watching tv over calling your bestest friend in the whole world . 
 have you met any guys yet ? '' 
 hannah had a one-track mind . 
 abby pretended to consider . 
 `` oh , i do n't know ... there are a few guys that i 've seen down the beach but i do n't know that many people yet . '' 
 `` abby , abby , abby . '' 
 hannah put on her pretend bossy voice . 
 abby could picture her shaking her head sadly . 
 hannah had been the lead in their school play two years running . 
 `` now , come on . 
 you with your looks , your style , your connections ... you need to be out there circulating ! '' 
 ` circulating ' was one of hannah 's favorite words . 
 abby was sure she had picked it up from mrs. stevens , hannah 's mother . 
 mrs. stevens was what abby thought of as a tennis-playing home-maker . 
 more tennis than home-making . 
 she was nice , though , and always made abby feel welcome . 
 `` it 's not really like that here . 
 it 's a small seaside vacation town , and -- '' `` and nothing ! '' 
 hannah interrupted . 
 while abby poured kibble into millie 's bowl , hannah lectured abby about getting out and meeting new people . 
 the two girls had been friends forever . 
 abby remembered how kind hannah had been , keeping her company while her mother , rachel may , had lay in hospital in the days after the accident . 
 hannah had also been there at the funeral and in the weeks and months afterwards . 
 `` listen , i 'm not a total shut-in , you know , '' abby said , finally getting a word in . 
 `` if you 'd slow down for two seconds i could finish telling you about the party i 've been invited to . '' 
 `` oh my god ! 
 whose party ? '' 
 hannah said , her voice immediately rising in pitch and speed . 
 `` a guy called mark . 
 this saturday . '' 
 they spent the rest of the conversation discussing what abby should wear . 
 abby did n't mention that she had n't even met mark crowley ... yet . 
 chapter four abby spent the rest of the week looking forward to the party . 
 although she saw jess and her friends at the beach and at sundaes most afternoons , they did n't run into mark or his friend , james . 
 abby still had n't had a chance to meet them . 
 she wondered how well the girls really knew these guys . 
 even if they did n't it would be okay , she figured . 
 jess had explained that the party would be at the main beach , and there would be a big crowd . 
 jess and sarah were coming over to abby 's house to pick her up , and they would all go together . 
 on the night of the party abby stood in front of her closet . 
 she still could n't decide what to wear . 
 her favorite clothes seemed suddenly way too formal for a beach party . 
 that was one kind of party she 'd certainly never been to in the city . 
 the girls would be arriving soon so she had to get moving . 
 they were meeting up with chloe and some other friends later . 
 abby felt a small knot of panic start to form in her stomach . 
 she was still staring into the closet when the home phone rang . 
 abby picked up the handset on her bedside table . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 silence . 
 `` hello , who 's there ? '' 
 she could hear breathing on the line . 
 abby hung up . 
 it was probably another prank call . 
 she had already heard that danny armstrong , the captain of the football team , was also the class clown and a bit of a trickster . 
 he and his friends were sure to be going to mark 's party and they were probably keyed up with excitement . 
 maybe they had decided to prank her for a laugh . 
 some people had a strange sense of humor and a strange way of welcoming new people into a community . 
 abby had heard everyone around town talking about the party as the weekend approached . 
 it sounded like it was going to be even bigger than in years past . 
 right now , though , abby had to figure out what to wear . 
 she 'd been to pool parties before . 
 it could be that different . 
 the phone rang again . 
 abby held the door of the closet open and stared at the handset . 
 finally she answered it . 
 `` go jump ! 
 you 're not funny ! '' 
 she yelled . 
 `` whoa ! '' 
 jess gave a bemused laugh . 
 `` is this the way you greet all your friends , or only those offering to take you to a party ? '' 
 `` oh no ! 
 sorry , jess . 
 i just had some random on the phone . 
 a prank caller or something . 
 i thought they were calling back . 
 sorry ! '' 
 `` hey , no stress ! '' 
 jess said . 
 `` gee , for a minute there i thought i had the wrong number . 
 that , or aliens had taken over your body . '' 
 abby laughed . 
 jess said she and sarah were running a little late . 
 abby was secretly relieved to have some extra time to get ready . 
 she went back to the closet while millie snuffled around the bed . 
 by the time jess and sarah arrived fifteen minutes later , abby had forgotten about the prank call . 
 she had settled on a soft sweater dress and a pair of low-wedge shoes that gave her some extra height but would still be practical for walking on sand . 
 she completed the outfit with a pair of tiny gold earrings that her parents had given her for her sixteenth birthday . 
 those days seemed like a lifetime ago . 
 abby heard the sound of the doorbell and millie rushed down stairs like a whirlwind . 
 she was still barking furiously as abby made her way to the door . 
 `` sorry we 're late ! '' 
 sarah said with an exaggerated sigh , sagging against the door frame . 
 `` my little sister was being a total pain in the butt ! 
 and i mean a total pain ! '' 
 sarah was wearing a short , slinky gold dress that glittered in the light . 
 `` she 's always stealing my clothes ! 
 if she likes something , she just takes it , she does n't care who it belongs to ! '' 
 `` lucky i do n't have that problem , '' abby chuckled . 
 `` i 'm the only star of the show around here . 
 if you asked my dad , though , he 'd definitely say that he feels like he has more than one child at times . '' 
 the girls laughed . 
 jess had on long sleeve top patterned with flowers and matching shorts . 
 `` oh my ! 
 are n't you just a gorgeous little thing ! '' 
 jess exclaimed , ruffling millie 's fur . 
 millie looked up adoringly . 
 they said goodbye to millie , and closing the door , made their way towards the beach . 
 `` that blue dress really brings out the color of your eyes , abby , '' sarah said . 
 abby felt pleased . 
 she was keen to make a good first impression . 
 she 'd heard that just about the whole student body of pleasant bay high was going to be at mark 's party , and , of course , the mysterious mark crowley himself . 
 chapter five abby , jess and sarah heard the low pulse of music as they walked across the sand . 
 in the distance abby could see lights through the trees and hear the heavy repetitive thumping noise from unseen speakers . 
 they followed the tidal river at the far end of the main beach until they reached the lagoon . 
 it was crowded with people . 
 a huge fire roared on the sand . 
 people stood around its edge and in the shadows . 
 a wide flat grassy area at the top of the beach was lined with trestle tables piled high with party food . 
 abby was astonished to see catering staff at the tables serving people , setting up chairs , adjusting lights on giant tripods and loading beverages into huge ice buckets . 
 all this was free ? 
 `` pretty neat set up , huh ? '' 
 sarah said , her eyes teasing . 
 abby could only stare in amazement . 
 this party was bigger than even some of the ones she 'd been to in the city . 
 they met chloe by one of the drinks tables . 
 `` is this great or what ? '' 
 chloe yelled above the music . 
 `` c’mon ! '' 
 jess yelled . 
 `` let 's dance ! '' 
 chloe and jess joined a group of teens dancing not far from the fire . 
 sarah pulled abby with her to join the others . 
 before she knew it , abby was dancing . 
 the loud bass of the music thumped and it was almost as if the fire was flickering and weaving in time to the music . 
 the fire sent small bursts of sparks twirling into the darkness . 
 everyone was moving , their bodies glowing in the firelight . 
 some people were dancing together and others were just grooving alone . 
 everywhere abby turned she saw people laughing , talking , and shouting with delight . 
 after awhile , the girls stopped to take a break . 
 abby walked with jess to the soda fountain . 
 her hair was messy . 
 they were both sweating from dancing and the warmth of the fire . 
 they grinned as each of them filled a cup with soda . 
 abby could see sarah was still dancing , her gold dress shimming in the light . 
 a little off to the side , abby saw chelsea martin from the fashion shop . 
 then abby noticed another girl , standing at the edge of the fire , where the light met the shadows . 
 her skin glowed in the light . 
 she was tall and her hair fell down over her shoulders in long , soft waves . 
 frangipani flowers were threaded through it . 
 she wore a short , sleeveless dress that seemed to almost float around her . 
 `` who 's that ? '' 
 abby shouted to jess above the music . 
 `` that 's kyra , '' jess answered . 
 `` come over , i 'll introduce you to her and the other girls from school . '' 
 but as abby and jess started to move away from the soda fountain , a figure walked towards them , out of the shadows . 
 chapter six it was chloe . 
 she raised a hand and waved . 
 there was a guy walking with her . 
 `` abby , this is mark , '' chloe said , as they approached . 
 `` mark , this is the new girl i was telling you about , '' chloe gestured towards abby . 
 `` mark crowley . '' 
 he held out his hand . 
 `` very pleased to meet you . '' 
 mark was dressed in designer jeans and a dark , close-fitting sweater . 
 he had short auburn hair and abby detected the subtle scent of cologne . 
 abby was n't sure if he was joking . 
 something as formal as a hand shake seemed out of place at such a fun party , but she decided to play along and shook his hand . 
 `` i 'm -- '' `` abby mayfield . 
 yes , i know . '' 
 mark smiled . 
 he had a great smile , abby noticed , but she was annoyed that he had n't waited for her to finish her name . 
 and on top of that , he 'd got it wrong . 
 `` abby may . 
 not mayfield , '' she said , trying to raise her voice above the music . 
 he must have confused her name with that of her father 's company . 
 was he acting familiar with her ? 
 had he been joking when they shook hands ? 
 abby wondered if people were already gossiping about her , the new girl in the bay . 
 `` sorry , abby . 
 my mistake , '' mark said , laughing easily . 
 like most people in pleasant bay , he seemed friendly and welcoming . 
 `` would you like to meet some of my friends ? 
 i 'll show you around , '' he said , already walking away without waiting for her answer . 
 jess raised her eyebrows at abby and smiled , and then disappeared back to the others . 
 mark led abby around the teens standing in groups around the fire , the soda fountains and along the edge of the water . 
 it was a mild night and several people were wading in the shallows . 
 the water of the lagoon was completely still and shone like a mirror in the light from the moon and the bonfire . 
 abby and mark walked up and down the small sand dunes of the lagoon , stopping and chatting to people . 
 abby soon found herself talking freely and making conversation . 
 over by the fire , jess , sarah and chloe looked like they were enjoying themselves , too . 
 as the night wore on the music grew louder , filling the lagoon with sound . 
 most people were still dancing . 
 someone threw more wood onto the fire and a fresh burst of sparks shot into the sky . 
 coming to this party was a great idea , abby thought . 
 she would n't feel like such a stranger once school started in another week . 
 abby and mark rejoined jess and her other friends . 
 abby took some fruit punch from the drinks table and handed a cup to mark . 
 a girl approached them . 
 `` abby , this is my twin sister , megan , '' mark said . 
 megan had the same auburn hair as her brother . 
 she smiled at abby and said ` hi ' , then turned to mark . 
 `` i 've been looking for you . 
 why do n't we take the boat out now ? '' 
 at the end of the pier a huge boat sat in a pale pool of light . 
 lights from the deck and the cabin cast a soft shine on the water . 
 `` neat idea ! 
 the weather 's perfect for it , '' mark agreed . 
 word spread through the groups of teenagers . 
 some couples stayed behind by the fire , holding hands or disappearing together into the shadows . 
 others walked along the beach or headed for the diner in town , but many people wanted to go on the leisure-cruiser . 
 abby and mark strolled down to the pier with the other party-goers . 
 the night was clear and warm and the sky was scattered with stars . 
 abby could smell the brine of the water as it gently lapped against the pylons . 
 the sound was soothing , but she had only met mark a couple of hours ago , and she did n't know anyone else very well . 
 she wondered if going out on the boat with them all at night was a good idea . 
 abby looked around for sarah and jess . 
 they were climbing on board the huge boat with megan crowley and some of her friends . 
 mark touched abby lightly on the arm . 
 `` you coming for a ride ? '' 
 he asked , smiling at her . 
 abby returned his smile . 
 if i 'm going to meet new people and get to know them , i 'll have to get out of my comfort zone , she thought . 
 in no time the boat 's outboard motors roared into life , churning the water into froth . 
 the boat pulled away from the pier and quickly picked up speed as they headed out into the centre of the bay . 
 people were leaning against the railings , laughing and talking . 
 she turned to mark . 
 `` this is great , '' she said . 
 `` i have to hand it to you , mark crowley , you certainly know how to throw a party . '' 
 mark grinned . 
 the boat 's engines continued their steady hum . 
 `` have you ever seen anything as beautiful as the sea at night ? '' 
 he asked . 
 abby looked out across the bay . 
 the sky and the water were an inky black . 
 it was hard to tell where one stopped and the other started . 
 the lights from the town curled around the beach in a glowing arc and receded into the distant hills . 
 if the mayfield development went ahead , there would be a huge marina and hotel , high-rise apartments and condos all along the beach front . 
 abby scanned the horizon , looking out into the dark and enjoying the wind in her hair , but all she could really think about was mark standing close beside her . 
 `` i 'm really glad you came to the party tonight , '' he said , turning to her . 
 `` me too , '' abby replied . 
 the breeze picked up and they returned to the cabin . 
 inside people were sitting on the padded bench seats , sipping drinks and talking . 
 some kids were trying to dance in the cramped space near the sound system . 
 a small crowd of hardy souls were toughing it out on the windy deck . 
 megan crowley was steering . 
 mark decided to take his turn . 
 he took the wheel and motioned abby to stand by his side . 
 they stood together as the boat plowed through the water . 
 abby could feel the power of the motors beneath her feet . 
 she knew the other guests were staring at her , but she told herself that tonight she did n't care what people thought . 
 it was n't her fault if she just happened to be standing next to the most good-looking guy in town ! 
 spray hit the windows as the boat crested the waves . 
 abby wondered if mark was dating anyone . 
 his voice broke through her thoughts . 
 `` abby , have a go ! '' 
 abby stared at him . 
 `` have a go , abby ! '' 
 he was gesturing to abby to take the wheel . 
 she was n't sure what to do , she 'd never steered a boat before . 
 as if reading her mind , mark said , `` do n't worry ! 
 i 'll help you . 
 just hold it straight ... see , like this . '' 
 abby watched mark hold the wheel steady . 
 it did n't look difficult . 
 mark smiled encouragingly . 
 she held on as the boat powered through the water and picked up speed . 
 suddenly there was a loud bang . 
 the wheel was wrenched from abby 's hands as she was thrown to the floor . 
 she felt the boat going sideways . 
 the lights went out and they were plunged into darkness . 
 `` we 've hit the reef ! '' 
 a voice cried . 
 chapter seven abby tried to stand . 
 she could hear panicked voices and confused shouts in the dark . 
 `` mark ? '' 
 she did n't know if he was close by , or if he could hear her . 
 `` mark ? 
 are you there ? '' 
 someone reached out and clasped her hand . 
 they were helping abby to her feet . 
 the lights came back on . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 a voice asked . 
 abby looked up into a pair of dark , concerned eyes . 
 the guy standing before her was tall , like mark , but he had dark collar-length hair , a strong chin and full , round lips . 
 abby was startled . 
 all she could do was nod . 
 megan came running in from the deck and took control of the wheel . 
 the stranger did n't say anything more ; he was waiting for abby to speak . 
 `` uh , yeah . 
 i 'm okay , '' she said slowly . 
 just then mark was by her side . 
 `` abby , is anything wrong , are you okay ? '' 
 `` yeah i think so . 
 i just bumped my arm . '' 
 abby said , rubbing her elbow . 
 `` i 'm so glad you 're all right . 
 james , you stay here with abby and i 'll go and check on everyone else , '' mark said to the guy . 
 james led abby over to a seat . 
 they sat down . 
 `` i 'm james , mark 's friend , '' he said . 
 abby nodded . 
 james did n't say any more . 
 he looked around the room , watching as people regained their balance . 
 no one seemed to be seriously injured . 
 everyone was looking around and they all started talking at once . 
 a few people glanced over at them . 
 mark had checked and double-checked that everyone was okay and accounted for , and then called for attention . 
 he announced that they had n't hit the reef . 
 they 'd only hit a sandbar , but that to be on the safe side they were going to turn around and head back to shore . 
 after mark had finished speaking someone turned the music back on and the talking became animated . 
 megan turned the boat around and headed towards the lagoon . 
 abby stood up and opened the sliding door onto the deck . 
 she walked back outside and held onto the railing . 
 she took a deep breath and tried to clear her head . 
 james stood beside her . 
 `` are you sure you 're all right ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes , apart from the shock , '' abby said . 
 `` i certainly was n't expecting to crash a boat tonight . 
 i 'm just glad no one seems to be hurt . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 the sandbar shifts around a bit . 
 we go out on the boat quite a lot and even i thought it was farther out than this . 
 you were n't to know , '' james said . 
 `` how come i did n't see you at the party ? '' 
 abby asked . 
 `` i was late . 
 in fact , i arrived just as you guys were untying the mooring ropes . 
 i almost missed you . '' 
 abby nodded . 
 she wondered where jess and sarah were . 
 she looked around for them . 
 mark came out on to the deck . 
 `` you took a bit of a fall back there , abby , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm sorry about that , it 's not exactly what we had planned for tonight . '' 
 he smiled ruefully . 
 `` well apart from a bruise or two , i 'm fine . 
 mark , i 'm sorry too . 
 i hope it was n't anything i did and i hope there 's no damage to the boat . 
 your parents wo n't kill you , will they ? '' 
 mark forced a chuckle . 
 `` no , it 's okay ... we just hit the sandbar . 
 i do n't think there 'll be any real damage . 
 and even if there was , i do n't think my dad would notice . '' 
 abby was surprised by the sudden , bitter tone in mark 's voice . 
 his eyes were in shadow , and she could n't see the expression in them , but there was enough light that she could see that he was frowning . 
 there was an awkward silence . 
 mark stood at the railing and looked out over the water . 
 abby turned to james . 
 he raised his eyebrows and shrugged slightly . 
 `` anyway , it was my fault ; i was n't watching where we were going . 
 everyone knows there 's a sandbar out here . 
 i was ... ah ... a bit distracted . '' 
 mark said , his voice sounding normal again . 
 he looked at her and smiled . 
 i think he likes me , abby thought . 
 but what do i think about him ? 
 chapter eight abby woke the next morning to millie pawing at her shoulder . 
 she sighed and rolled over , and then remembered the previous night . 
 the party , the boat , crashing into the sandbar . 
 standing on the deck with mark crowley and james merritt . 
 she remembered now how good-looking james was , and how angry mark had sounded when he mentioned his dad and possible damage to the boat . 
 had he just been trying to spare her feelings ? 
 any damage that might have occurred would only be visible now in daylight . 
 abby did n't want to think about it . 
 she got out of bed and opened the curtains . 
 the light was dazzling out on the sea . 
 abby sat in front of her bureau and looked at her tired eyes and tangled hair . 
 there was n't anything to suggest she 'd been in a minor accident the night before . 
 inside though , she felt a little shaky when she thought about the crash . 
 she remembered her mother . 
 abby sat at the mirror for a long time , staring into space . 
 she remembered the night of the accident when the police had come to the house . 
 her father had answered the knock at the door and when he opened it two officers had been standing there with their caps in their hands . 
 like a dream abby only remembered fragments of what had happened next . 
 in her mind she could still see the officers standing in the kitchen . 
 then she remembered them in the living room and talking on a radio , but she could n't remember having seen them come inside the house or when they had left . 
 eventually abby forced herself to snap out of her daydream . 
 she focused on her new friends , the party , and the people she 'd met . 
 she wondered if mark 's parents would go to the police if there was any damage to the boat . 
 suddenly abby understood the full implications of what had happened . 
 she 'd been the one steering the boat at the time of the accident ! 
 she was still a minor , and legally she should n't have been anywhere near the wheel . 
 mark ! 
 he might be in trouble too , she realized with alarm . 
 he 'd been the one that had let her steer . 
 what had she been thinking , piloting a boat without a license , a boat belonging to people she did n't even know ? 
 well , she did know mark . 
 sort of . 
 she could n't believe she 'd only met him the day before . 
 it already felt as though they 'd known each other for ages . 
 what if mark had gone home and found that the boat had been damaged after all ? 
 someone at the party had told abby that one of mark 's parents was a lawyer . 
 maybe they both were . 
 what if they took her to court ? 
 downstairs abby could hear her father putting his breakfast dishes in the sink . 
 she had the sudden urge to race downstairs and tell him what had happened . 
 surely he would understand . 
 he would realize that it had been an accident . 
 abby started to rehearse an imaginary conversation with her dad in front of the mirror . 
 `` um ... dad ... about that party last night , you know , the big one on the beach ? 
 well , it turned out that we all went for a boat ride . 
 i had a go at steering and ... we -- i -- crashed into a sandbar . '' 
 abby 's heart sank . 
 there was no way she could tell him . 
 she did n't even have the full picture herself . 
 if there was no damage to the boat , her dad might just end up worrying for nothing . 
 he was already busy and stressed out enough as it was . 
 abby heard her dad collect his keys from the kitchen counter . 
 a moment later the front door closed firmly . 
 she went to the window and watched her father 's silver sedan disappear down the street . 
 abby walked back over to the bed and ruffled millie 's fur . 
 the pup seemed to sense something was wrong . 
 she lay her head in abby 's lap and looked up with her big brown eyes . 
 abby returned to thinking about the crash and her mind started racing all over again . 
 if there had been any damage , would n't mark have found out her number and called , or his parents ? 
 but what if they were still assessing the damage and then decided to get the police involved ? 
 the police might think she had been drinking or even taking drugs . 
 then abby had another thought : her father was in negotiations for the new resort . 
 a scandal like this could be a disaster . 
 her dad 's business could n't risk any bad news . 
 ` okay , okay , do n't panic , ' abby told herself . 
 i 'll go for a walk before dad gets back . 
 i 'll go down to the beach and call jess . 
 she might have mark 's number . 
 i 'll call him and find out if there 's been any damage . 
 just then the phone rang . 
 abby froze . 
 she turned and stared at the phone ringing on her bedside table . 
 what if it was mark ? 
 abby wondered what to do . 
 the ringing stopped . 
 either carla had picked up or it had gone to the message machine . 
 abby got dressed and grabbed her sand shoes and beach bag . 
 she went downstairs and poured some cereal and soy milk into a bowl and ate sitting at the counter . 
 `` who was that on the phone ? '' 
 she asked carla . 
 `` it was a wrong number , dear , '' carla said . 
 `` did they say anything ? '' 
 abby tried to talk through a mouthful of cereal . 
 `` yes . 
 they asked for mrs. baker . 
 i said no one of such name lives here . '' 
 abby quickly finished her breakfast and told carla she was going to take a walk around the bay . 
 as she stepped into the full glare of the sun she wondered if the call really had been a wrong number or if it had been another prank . 
 abby watched her shoes sink into the sand as she walked along the beach . 
 she found a park bench on the esplanade and sat down . 
 the sky was clear and the bay was flat and calm . 
 it was hard to believe the accident had been only the night before . 
 abby sat for awhile and tried to collect her thoughts . 
 maybe everything was n't as bad as it seemed . 
 maybe she was letting the memories of her mother 's accident get to her . 
 `` you look miles away , '' a voice said . 
 abby looked up . 
 it was james merritt . 
 `` oh hi ! '' 
 she said . 
 he looked down at her and smiled . 
 his brown eyes were warm . 
 he 's really good-looking , abby thought . 
 `` you 're just passing by ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i 'm not stalking you , if that 's what you mean , '' he replied , his expression serious . 
 then he smiled again and his eyes were teasing . 
 abby forced a laugh . 
 it was a weird thing to say , even as a joke . 
 it had to be a joke , of course it did , but abby could n't help but notice his clothes . 
 james was n't dressed for the beach and did n't look like he was just passing by . 
 he was wearing jeans and a long-sleeved top . 
 maybe he was just out taking a walk on the esplanade and recognized me from a distance , she thought . 
 `` do you mind ... ? '' 
 he took a step towards the bench . 
 `` oh no , not at all . '' 
 abby moved along and made room . 
 james sat down . 
 he had a solid build and abby was conscious of him there right next to her . 
 their legs were almost touching . 
 he did n't say anything , but the silence was n't uncomfortable . 
 they both looked out at the water . 
 `` i forgot to thank you last night for helping me up , '' abby said . 
 `` when the boat crashed . '' 
 `` no problem , '' james replied . 
 `` i 'm glad you were okay . 
 i hope you were n't too freaked out by the crash . 
 was that your first time on a boat ? '' 
 `` no , i 've been out a couple of times before . 
 my uncle owns a houseboat and we -- my family and i -- we used to go for vacations on it sometimes , '' abby said . 
 `` that boat last night is n't really in the same league though . 
 i know it does n't count . '' 
 `` sure it does , '' james said . 
 he 's being polite , abby thought . 
 he probably knows i 've come from the city and have never been on a boat like that in my life . 
 `` anyway do n't worry about last night , '' james said . 
 `` do n't let it rattle you . '' 
 abby wondered if she seemed rattled . 
 she felt okay , but she probably looked a bit scruffy and half asleep . 
 she blushed . 
 james smiled again . 
 she could n't quite read his expression . 
 he seemed reserved and more mature than any of the other kids she 'd met in the bay so far . 
 she wondered how old he was . 
 `` apart from the crash , did you enjoy yourself ? '' 
 he asked , and then laughed . 
 `` i just realized how odd that question sounded . '' 
 `` yeah i did . 
 the party was great . '' 
 there was a pause . 
 they both seemed about to speak . 
 `` would you like to take a walk ? '' 
 james asked . 
 he smiled and looked into abby 's eyes . 
 he held her gaze for a fraction of a second longer than he needed to . 
 she jumped up off the bench quickly , feeling bashful . 
 `` sure . '' 
 they walked along the sand , and abby began to relax a little . 
 james had n't just stopped to be polite ; he obviously wanted to spend time with her . 
 `` i saw you a week ago , outside sundaes , talking to jess and the others as i arrived to meet them , but i have n't seen you around town since then , '' abby said . 
 `` i 've been busy studying . 
 this is my first real day just hanging out and doing nothing , apart from the party last night . '' 
 `` studying ? 
 but we 've just had the last week of the holidays . 
 school does n't start back until tomorrow . '' 
 abby said , surprised . 
 `` i know . 
 but this is my final year and i really want to get into college . 
 i do n't think i 'll be able to go unless i can get a scholarship , '' james said . 
 `` ah , right . 
 i get it . 
 scholarships are competitive , '' abby said . 
 `` what are you going to study ? '' 
 `` i 've done a lot of scuba diving in the bay growing up , so i 'm planning on marine biology , '' james answered . 
 `` there 's a lot of rare and interesting sea-life here . '' 
 he stopped to pick up a tiny shell from the sand . 
 he held it up to the light . 
 it was fragile and almost translucent . 
 james dropped the shell gently and they kept walking . 
 `` what about you , abby ? 
 are you planning on college ? '' 
 `` definitely , yeah . 
 i think my dad would like to see me go into business . 
 i 'm good with numbers . 
 but you know ... '' abby paused . 
 `` i 'd also really like to study art . 
 i started drawing a lot more after my mother ... '' abby bit her lip . 
 she had n't meant to start discussing her mother . 
 she did n't want to talk about the accident . 
 `` i guess what i 'm saying is , one option has a good chance of leading to a career and the other one not so much . '' 
 james nodded . 
 he looked thoughtful . 
 `` yes , that 's true , '' he said . 
 `` but i always think you should go with your heart . '' 
 abby was surprised . 
 she was used to people being interested in the fact that she liked art , but they always ended up advising her against making it a career . 
 `` you 're not going to tell me it 's better to keep art as a hobby , and take the safe route of an office job ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` no , not at all . '' 
 james smiled . 
 `` life 's too short for ` safe ' . 
 and you 're lucky ; you already know what your passion is . 
 some people never find it . '' 
 they were both quiet for a moment . 
 abby listened to the sound of the waves . 
 james seems so self-assured , she thought . 
 suddenly her worries about the crowley 's boat came tumbling out . 
 `` james , i was actually on my way to the bay grocery . '' 
 abby stopped and turned towards him . 
 `` i want to find jess andrews and call mark -- to make sure everything 's okay . 
 what i mean is , i was going to call jess and -- '' `` i 'm sure everything 's fine , '' james said , calmly . 
 `` but why do n't you ask him yourself ? 
 i 'm going around to his place with some of the kids from the party . 
 some of megan 's friends are heading up there later , too . '' 
 abby 's mind went blank for a moment , processing what james had said . 
 `` really ? 
 you do n't think mark would mind me just turning up ? '' 
 `` no , i do n't think so . 
 the party last night was an open invitation to the whole bay after all . '' 
 abby felt her face go red . 
 was he making fun of her ? 
 `` yeah , that 's true . 
 but it 's a bit different to just turning up at someone 's house . '' 
 `` nah , it 's cool . 
 i think he 'll be happy to see you again . 
 the more the merrier as they say . '' 
 abby found herself saying yes . 
 she walked home to change out of her casual clothes and let carla know where she was going . 
 james left to pick up some of the other kids first . 
 fifteen minutes later , james ' suv pulled in alongside the curb . 
 abby was surprised to see that the front passenger seat was free . 
 a bunch of faces looked out through the back windows . 
 chloe was there and some of the other kids abby recognized from the party . 
 `` hi guys , '' she said as she got in . 
 there was a chorus of , `` hellos '' from the back . 
 `` we all set ? '' 
 james asked , smiling at her again . 
 he looks so different when he smiles , abby thought . 
 without that smile he seemed a little intimidating . 
 soon they were driving out of town and heading towards the hills that surrounded pleasant bay . 
 abby wound down the window and felt the wind in her hair . 
 twenty minutes later they turned left into a private road and stopped in front of a pair of huge steel gates set into a high concrete wall . 
 james wound down the window . 
 he spoke into an intercom and the gates swung open . 
 they closed behind the car as they drove down a smooth , gravel driveway . 
 through giant old trees the house suddenly came into view . 
 abby gasped . 
 chapter nine `` what ? 
 what is it ? '' 
 james asked , slowing down . 
 he looked up at the house and then back at abby . 
 abby regained her composure . 
 she could see from james ' expression that he did n't share her surprise , but then again why would he ? 
 he 'd probably been to the house a hundred times before . 
 the house was bigger than any mansion abby had ever seen . 
 most of the exterior was covered in dark twisting vines . 
 high above them blank windows stared down , reflecting shadows . 
 although the house looked well maintained , there was something eerie about it , as though it was abandoned . 
 `` i just did n't expect their house to be so ... grand , '' abby finished . 
 or look so creepy , she thought . 
 james gave her a funny look . 
 `` i guess it 's pretty different to the places you would have seen in the city . 
 it 's more of that old world european style . '' 
 abby nodded , hoping the others in the back had n't seen her slight freak out . 
 they had glanced up briefly when the car had slowed , but they were in the middle of a conversation and kept talking . 
 the gravel crunched under the tires as james continued along the driveway . 
 more of the house came into view . 
 there were dozens of windows , all of them gray with old , diamond-patterned glass . 
 abby let james think her shock at seeing the house had been to do with its size , which was partly true . 
 she felt bad for over-reacting , but it had seemed so dark and imposing at first sight . 
 now that they were closer , the house did n't look quite so scary . 
 the garden beds at the front were filled with beautiful flowers . 
 abby was met with their rich perfume as she stepped out of the car . 
 mark came out of the house , smiling . 
 his expression turned to one of surprise when he saw abby step out of the car . 
 he hurried over . 
 `` abby ! 
 what a surprise ! 
 how did ... '' he looked questioningly at james . 
 `` we met on the beach , '' james said . 
 `` abby said she wanted to talk to you , so i offered her a ride with us , '' `` i hope that 's okay ... '' abby said , apologetically . 
 `` right ... okay . '' 
 mark looked from james to abby and then back again . 
 she could see that he was curious as to what was going on . 
 then quickly recovering his manners , he said , `` why sure ! 
 of course it is . 
 right this way , ma’am . '' 
 mark stood at abby 's side and gestured towards the front door . 
 abby laughed . 
 it was odd how someone like mark could say ` ma’am ' and it sounded funny and endearing , but coming from a different guy it could sound cheesy and fake . 
 like xavier , her ex . 
 when they 'd been dating he 'd often made stupid immature jokes that had made abby feel uncomfortable . 
 but with mark , it was different . 
 i guess i 'm really starting to like him , she thought . 
 the other friends were all still talking as they all moved into the house . 
 abby lost count of the number of rooms they passed down the hallway . 
 through half-closed doors she could see spaces crammed with old paintings and antique furniture . 
 they walked down the hall into a light , airy kitchen . 
 mark 's parents , eric and susan crowley , were a sensible , middle aged couple . 
 they were softly-spoken and warm and made everyone feel welcome . 
 abby need not have worried so much . 
 eric and susan only mentioned the party briefly . 
 to abby 's relief they did n't say anything specifically about the boat . 
 surely if something was wrong they would say so . 
 then abby worried that perhaps they were waiting for a chance to speak to her alone , or with mark . 
 but the crowleys gave no indication of wanting to speak to abby and chatting between mark 's parents and his friends soon came to a natural end . 
 the teenagers were still talking amongst themselves when eric crowley excused himself to work in the den and susan left to run an errand for a neighbour . 
 mark and megan served lunch of toasted panini sandwiches , freshly squeezed juice and caramel pie out on the patio . 
 after they had eaten and almost everyone had had a second helping of pie , megan and some of her friends went into the living room to watch stuff on-line . 
 the rest of the group went for a walk through the garden . 
 abby was amazed by the size of the crowley 's property . 
 the lawns were as smooth and soft as carpet with many different flowers . 
 there were fancy statues here and there , and in the distance abby could even see a tennis court . 
 the group of friends ambled along together . 
 naturally the conversation was about the party the night before . 
 chloe and another girl , belinda , stopped with james to look at something in the tree tops . 
 as abby started over to join them mark quietly drew her aside . 
 `` james said something about you wanting to talk to me ? '' 
 abby blushed . 
 `` oh it 's not a big deal . 
 i was just worried about last night . 
 i hope everyone 's okay ? 
 you 're parents were n't mad , were they ? '' 
 `` no ! 
 it 's fine . 
 megan and i told them what happened . 
 dad and i checked the boat over this morning . 
 there 's no damage . 
 of course we got the usual lecture -- be more careful in future , blah blah blah . '' 
 mark grinned . 
 `` next time you 're with us i promise i wo n't let us crash into a sandbar . 
 or anything else for that matter . '' 
 `` next time ! '' 
 abby exclaimed . 
 `` but i was the one driving the boat ! 
 i thought your parents would sue me ! '' 
 abby groaned inwardly . 
 she could n't believe what she 'd just said . 
 mark was the most popular guy in town and she 'd just practically accused his parents of wanting to take legal action against her ! 
 mark burst out laughing . 
 `` do n't worry ! 
 no one 's going to sue you ! 
 it was an accident , abby ! 
 it was n't your fault . 
 no one was seriously hurt . 
 and yes , my mother 's a lawyer but you 've met her . 
 she does n't bite ! '' 
 abby laughed . 
 her phone rang . 
 it was a private number . 
 she stared at the screen , hesitating . 
 `` do you need to get that ? '' 
 mark said . 
 he walked away a few steps , thinking abby might like some privacy . 
 the phone kept ringing . 
 she answered . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 silence . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 was that a noise on the line ? 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 she said . 
 there was dry , whispery laughter . 
 `` dog ! '' 
 a high voice said . 
 the caller hung up . 
 abby stared at the phone . 
 mark had walked away across the lawn . 
 james and the others had moved on as well . 
 they were no longer in sight . 
 had that been another prank call ? 
 abby wondered . 
 did the person have the right number ? 
 she caught up to mark . 
 `` all good ? '' 
 he asked , as she joined him . 
 abby wondered how she looked . 
 people often commented that she had an expressive face , but sometimes she felt it was a disadvantage if it meant that people could read her like an open book . 
 abby forced herself to smile . 
 `` yeah sure . 
 nothing important . '' 
 she wanted to tell mark about the call but she did n't really know him that well yet , and he might find her confiding in him a bit awkward and personal . 
 they found the rest of the group back on the patio . 
 a few of megan 's friends were staying over . 
 some of the group that had arrived in their own cars offered to drive the others home . 
 abby found herself in the group that was getting a ride back to town with james . 
 eric crowley was coming out of the den as the teenagers made their way down the hall . 
 abby stopped and politely thanked him for having her over for lunch . 
 `` that 's our pleasure , abigail . 
 it was nice to meet you , '' he replied . 
 mark had inherited his father 's athletic build and dark eyes . 
 `` enjoy your stay in pleasant bay , '' eric crowley called as they reached the front door . 
 abby 's phone started ringing . 
 she felt a stab of fear . 
 who keeps calling ? 
 she thought . 
 chapter ten abby saw it was her dad 's number . 
 she answered . 
 he was home from work and checking to see if she needed a ride . 
 abby explained that she was on her way home . 
 she hung up feeling relieved that she had n't involved him in her worries about the boat . 
 everything had turned out for the best . 
 she walked down the steps of the front porch with mark . 
 `` do you want to meet up on-line later ? '' 
 he asked . 
 abby smiled . 
 `` sure thing . 
 thanks for today , mark . 
 it was neat . '' 
 abby had n't noticed james standing next to her . 
 hearing mark and abby 's conversation , he turned abruptly and marched off towards the car . 
 abby waved goodbye to mark as she turned and followed james . 
 again the front seat was free , and she climbed in beside him . 
 the sun was setting into the sea as they headed back to town . 
 abby felt happy with the way the day had turned out . 
 she looked over at james , about to speak to him , but he was staring straight ahead , his features set into a frown . 
 abby was taken aback by how different he looked . 
 she thought of his warm smile that afternoon on the beach . 
 now it was as if james did n't even notice her and was alone in the car . 
 his knuckles were white as he gripped the steering wheel . 
 maybe he 's just concentrating , abby told herself . 
 one of the girls in the back seat , heather , leaned forward and asked abby how she was liking the bay . 
 abby was glad for the distraction and to have someone to talk to . 
 so glad that she was surprised when they were already back in town and had stopped at belinda 's house . 
 abby wondered if they 'd taken a short cut and she had n't noticed . 
 belinda and chloe thanked james for the ride . 
 they waved and called `` bye . '' 
 james drove on to heather 's place . 
 `` it was nice meeting you , abby , '' heather said as she and a boy called toby got out of the car . 
 that left abby and james alone . 
 james drove to abby 's house in silence . 
 abby wished he 'd at least put some music on . 
 what 's happened ? 
 she thought . 
 she wondered if he was angry or if she had offended him somehow . 
 they arrived at abby 's house and james pulled into the curb . 
 abby took a deep breath . 
 she decided she would just act normal . 
 `` everything was okay with mark , '' she said . 
 `` with the boat and stuff , i mean . '' 
 james nodded . 
 `` great . '' 
 he did n't say any more . 
 `` well , thank you for the ride today , '' abby said , a little formally . 
 `` no problem . '' 
 james turned his head and looked at abby intensely , as if he could see right into her . 
 she wondered again how old he was . 
 he was making her feel self-conscious . 
 she smiled nervously . 
 `` thanks again , '' she said , opening the door of the car . 
 suddenly his hand was on her arm . 
 `` abby . '' 
 she turned back quickly , surprised . 
 for one crazy moment , she thought he was going to kiss her . 
 `` just be careful , okay ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she said , feeling shy that he was holding her arm . 
 `` not everyone in this town is what they seem , '' he said . 
 james released abby 's arm and put the car into gear . 
 before she could think of what to say , she was standing beside the car and james was already driving away . 
 be careful . 
 what did that mean ? 
 still feeling confused , abby let herself in . 
 the house was quiet . 
 millie did a running jump off the sofa and rushed to meet her . 
 abby 's mind was in a whirl . 
 had james just tried to warn her ? 
 or had he just made some kind of threat ? 
 abby turned lights on as she walked through the house . 
 it was growing dark outside . 
 there was a note on the counter from her dad . 
 he 'd been called into the office on an urgent matter . 
 abby sighed . 
 lately it felt as though her father lived at work . 
 she took some food from the fridge , made a quick pasta dinner and ate it watching tv . 
 abby could n't stop thinking about what james had said . 
 she wondered if it had anything to do with the strange phone calls . 
 was it possible that he knew about them ? 
 but how ? 
 unless he was the one making them , or knew who was . 
 james had been in the garden when she 'd received the prank call at mark 's place , so it did n't seem that it could be him personally . 
 abby thought about it again . 
 when she had received the call in the garden , james had n't been there . 
 the next time she 'd seen him , he 'd been back up at the house with the others . 
 but if he was the one making the calls -- or knew who was -- it did n't make sense that he 'd draw attention to himself and warn her . 
 unless that was part of the thrill ? 
 all abby knew was that she had just spent the weekend with mark and her friends hanging out and having fun . 
 she 'd met lots of new people and she was about to go into her final year of school the next day . 
 why would james freak her out like that ? 
 if she was in any kind of real danger , would n't a normal person just tell her ? 
 abby remembered what jess had said about mark when she first mentioned him , hinting that mark could be quiet and moody . 
 had she meant to describe james instead ? 
 jess had said that they were best friends . 
 maybe they were both weird . 
 abby went into the kitchen . 
 she rinsed her bowl in the sink and stacked it in the dishwasher . 
 school was starting tomorrow , and she had to try to forget about it . 
 whatever was going on with james was his problem , and whoever was pranking her wanted her to feel scared . 
 she would n't give them the satisfaction . 
 abby fed millie and made sure the doors were locked before she went up to her room . 
 she sat up in bed and texted her friends , too tired to call them . 
 she went on-line and found mark 's profile on ` keyway ' and sent him a friend request . 
 abby was n't sure how she felt about everything . 
 she really liked hanging out with mark , but at the same time something did n't feel quite right . 
 maybe he and james were n't such great friends and james was a bit of a jerk ? 
 that 's not how james had seemed that afternoon when they 'd walked along the beach , or when he 'd helped her on the boat after the crash . 
 it was almost as if the james abby had seen on the way home in the car had been a different person . 
 then she worried that if mark and james really were good friends , it might make getting to know mark difficult if james was weird . 
 abby yawned . 
 i have to quit worrying , she thought . 
 she suddenly felt more tired than she had in ages and snuggled under the covers . 
 she soon drifted off to sleep and started dreaming . 
 in the dream she was looking for something . 
 what was it ? 
 she was on a boat and then she was in an suv . 
 it missed a bend in the road and the car crashed into a tree . 
 abby woke with a start . 
 everything was black . 
 the dream had seemed so real . 
 heavy rain was pounding the roof . 
 abby got up and went to the window . 
 the sky was dark outside and the wind was roaring in off the bay , the windows shaking with its force . 
 abby looked out into the darkness . 
 she had turned the porch light on for her father earlier in the evening but now the light was out . 
 the wind and the sea continued roaring ominously . 
 chapter eleven abby woke to warm sunlight streaming through the room . 
 someone was speaking to her . 
 she struggled up from the depths of sleep feeling heavy and disoriented . 
 she was confused to see her dad standing by the window and opening the curtains . 
 `` i knocked , '' gordon may said , `` but you did n't answer . 
 you must have been really tired . 
 you 've had a big sleep-in . 
 did you forget that school starts today ? '' 
 abby sat up , suddenly wide awake . 
 it was already eight o’clock ! 
 `` i was just about to leave when i saw your bag and notebooks on the sofa , and thought you must have missed your alarm . 
 i can take you if you like , but we 'll have to leave right away . 
 or i can call carla and have her drive you ? '' 
 `` no , dad , it 's fine . '' 
 abby shook her head . 
 she did n't want to make her dad late or inconvenience carla , who was only supposed to work as their housekeeper . 
 `` i can still make the bus , '' abby told him . 
 it was n't like her to sleep in . 
 she 'd always been an early-bird . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 her dad asked . 
 abby nodded . 
 `` okay , i 'll leave you some money on the counter for a cab in case you need it , though . 
 i know it 's probably not very glamorous turning up in a cab on the first day of school , but it 's better than being late . 
 give me the low-down tonight , okay ? 
 have a great day , honey . '' 
 gordon may pecked abby on the cheek and left . 
 normally her dad trying to be cool and saying ` low-down ' would make abby laugh , but she was worried about getting to the bus . 
 the smell of aftershave hung in the air and its smell , combined with abby 's anxiety , made her feel queasy . 
 abby jumped out of bed and hurriedly searched her closet . 
 her stomach was in knots . 
 this was n't the way she wanted to start the first day at a new school . 
 she grabbed a pink sweater , a white skirt and a soft grey scarf . 
 she ran down the stairs and grabbed some fruit from the bowl on the table . 
 that would have to do for breakfast . 
 she saw the money her dad had left on the counter and put it in her bag . 
 her phone was flashing with unread messages . 
 she 'd have to jog to make the bus . 
 closing the front door behind her , abby looked down and saw something on the front step . 
 it was a small box . 
 abby picked it up . 
 the box was wrapped in expensive yellow paper with a pink diamond pattern . 
 abby 's heart skipped a beat . 
 mark ! 
 it had to be . 
 she quickly unwrapped the paper and opened the present . 
 taking the lid off the box , abby screamed . 
 chapter twelve abby jumped and stepped backwards . 
 the box flew from her hands . 
 as it hit the footpath its loathsome contents rolled out . 
 it was an eyeball ! 
 abby stared at it , disbelieving . 
 the eyeball sat in a pocket of skin and jelly , the iris huge and brown . 
 it was at her feet , staring up at her . 
 abby ran . 
 she ran back towards the front door . 
 she frantically tried the handle , forgetting she had locked it just moments before . 
 she ran around to the side of the house and leaned against the wall , her heart pounding . 
 what was happening ? 
 why was there an eyeball on the doorstep ? 
 then abby had a terrible thought . 
 millie ! 
 abby had n't seen millie since last night ! 
 she moaned and sank to the ground , her hand sliding down the smooth wall of the house . 
 she started to cry ; low , dry sobs coming from her throat . 
 millie ! 
 it was millie 's eye in the box ! 
 abby buried her face into her arm , gasping for breath . 
 who hated her this much ? 
 who knew about millie ? 
 who knew where they lived ? 
 finally abby sat up and wiped her nose and pushed her hair back from her face . 
 whatever was happening she had to pull herself together . 
 she was in danger . 
 her dad might be in danger too . 
 whoever was responsible for frightening her was n't joking around . 
 they could even be watching her now . 
 they could be watching the house . 
 abby felt sick . 
 shaking , she walked to the street and grabbed her bag . 
 she was in a daze . 
 her hands were trembling as she turned the key in the front door . 
 she had just let herself back in when carla arrived . 
 she looked shocked to see the state of abby 's clothes and her tear-streaked face . 
 `` abby what 's wrong ? '' 
 abby started crying again . 
 the thought of millie , laying dead somewhere , was more than she could bear to think about . 
 abby leaned against the front door . 
 `` it 's millie , '' she croaked hoarsely , between sobs . 
 carla looked around for the puppy , and back to abby with concern . 
 she walked abby into the living room and sat her down on the sofa . 
 `` do n't worry , abby , '' carla said . 
 `` we 'll find her . '' 
 abby could n't bring herself to say , ` she 's dead ! 
 do n't bother looking for her ! ' 
 she heard carla go outside and call millie 's name . 
 she felt numb . 
 carla had n't questioned why abby was so upset over the missing puppy . 
 millie was part of the family . 
 abby sat slumped in the chair . 
 it was as though she could n't form any thoughts at all and yet at the same time her thoughts felt jumbled in her head . 
 she wondered what her dad would say . 
 and her friends . 
 outside she could hear carla 's voice in the distance , calling millie over and over . 
 it was no use . 
 millie 's dead , she thought . 
 dead . 
 abby hardly knew anyone in pleasant bay . 
 who could hate her this much ? 
 was it something to do with the weekend and the boat ? 
 had someone been injured in the crash after all and was now blaming her for it ? 
 enough to want some sort of weird revenge ? 
 mark said no one had been badly hurt , but what if he was wrong ? 
 abby remembered what james had said in the car . 
 be careful . 
 abby heard a noise . 
 barking ! 
 `` millie ! '' 
 abby ran into the hall to find her dog running in circles and wagging her tail . 
 millie was alive ! 
 abby stared at her , hardly daring to believe it . 
 millie was dirty and a bit damp , but otherwise she seemed fine . 
 she was n't dead ! 
 abby scooped the puppy up in her arms . 
 millie licked abby 's cheek in a furious burst of affection . 
 she smelled disgusting and was covered in wet sand , but right then , feeling the warmth of millie 's breath and her wet nose against abby 's check was all that mattered . 
 the puppy was alive and she was safe . 
 carla walked in through the door a moment later . 
 she was holding the eyeball in her hand . 
 `` new toy , uh ? '' 
 carla said . 
 abby stared at eyeball in horror . 
 `` carla ! '' 
 `` this is yours for millie , no ? '' 
 carla said , looking confused by abby 's reaction . 
 `` carla ! 
 do n't touch it ! '' 
 abby cried . 
 `` throw it in the trash , it 's disgusting ! 
 who knows what poor animal it came from ! '' 
 `` what no ... disgusting ? '' 
 the housekeeper said in broken english , with a bemused smile . 
 `` it 's not the real one ! '' 
 carla handed the eyeball to abby . 
 sure enough , it was made of rubber with a thin plastic ` membrane ' attached . 
 abby could n't believe it . 
 it looked so real . 
 she felt embarrassed and confused . 
 why would someone leave a trick eyeball on their doorstep ? 
 `` where did you find her ? '' 
 abby asked . 
 `` silly puppy ! 
 she was on the beach . 
 a young man was there . 
 he said she was in the drain . 
 she was caught . '' 
 `` at the beach ? '' 
 abby repeated , surprised . 
 `` i wonder how she got out ? 
 she was inside last night . 
 in her basket when i went to bed and i remember checking the doors . '' 
 abby tried to work out what had happened . 
 what if someone had come into the house in-between when she had gone to bed and when her dad had arrived home ? 
 if someone had come in through a door , millie could easily have slipped out . 
 had it been a burglar ? 
 abby quickly looked over the downstairs rooms . 
 nothing appeared to be missing or out of place . 
 she went outside and walked around the house . 
 there was no sign that anyone had broken in . 
 could someone have forced open a window but left through a door ? 
 that could be one possible explanation of how millie had got out . 
 abby tried the doors . 
 they were still locked . 
 then abby remembered going out to the clothesline briefly the night before . 
 she 'd only been outside for a minute and could have sworn she had closed the door behind her , but she was n't absolutely sure . 
 she 'd had a lot on her mind . 
 it was possible millie could have run out then . 
 but how could i have missed seeing her ? 
 abby thought . 
 abby went back inside . 
 carla was humming as she sorted dirty laundry into the washing machine . 
 she smiled when she saw abby at the door of the laundry . 
 `` millie needs a bath too , '' carla said , waving her hand in front of her nose . 
 millie was rolling on the floor in the hall , dirtying the carpet . 
 carla helped abby to give millie a bath in the laundry tub . 
 only once the puppy was dry and fed did abby 's attention turn to school . 
 carla made a pot of soup for lunch and went home for the day . 
 abby was starving . 
 she had n't eaten all morning and she felt tired from the worry and crying over millie . 
 she did n't want to leave the puppy alone now that she 'd just gotten her back , but she also did n't want to miss the whole of the first day of school . 
 abby wondered what to do . 
 if i hurry i can still make the last two classes of the afternoon , she thought . 
 she quickly dialed a cab , changed her clothes , grabbed her bag , and checking to make sure the house was secure , she stepped outside to wait for the taxi . 
 chapter thirteen the cab driver dropped abby outside the front gates of pleasant bay high . 
 although it was small compared to her old school in the city , she did n't have a clue where to go . 
 each building looked the same , with only a few trees and drinking fountains to break the monotony . 
 abby headed for what she guessed to be the main office . 
 she almost ran straight into someone coming the other way around the corner . 
 they only just avoided colliding . 
 `` watch where you 're going ! '' 
 `` oh ! 
 ... sorry ! '' 
 abby stammered . 
 `` i was just looking for -- '' abby did n't get a chance to finish . 
 the other girl was already walking on . 
 abby recognized her . 
 it was kyra , the girl from mark 's party . 
 the one with the flowers in her hair who 'd been standing by the fire . 
 abby stared after her . 
 kyra stalked away , apparently genuinely angry that abby had almost run into her . 
 her smooth dark hair flicked back and forth like the tail of an angry cat as she took long strides across the empty basketball court . 
 abby let out a deep breath . 
 what a weird reaction , she thought . 
 what was her problem ? 
 abby remembered james ' warning . 
 was he trying to let her know that people in the bay were n't as friendly as they seemed ? 
 after a few more minutes of searching , abby found the main office and introduced herself to the receptionist , ms. mitchell . 
 ms. mitchell looked at abby through big round glasses . 
 she looks like a friendly owl , abby thought with a smile . 
 ms. mitchell found abby 's enrollment details and handed her a locker number and combination . 
 she picked up the phone and called for a student to buddy with abby and show her around the school . 
 abby 's buddy was a girl named claire pollard . 
 she arrived quickly and beamed a smile at abby . 
 `` hey , this is neat ! 
 you just helped me get out of my lit theory class , '' claire whispered to her as they walked away . 
 `` no problem , '' abby said , laughing . 
 `` you do n't like it , i 'm guessing ? '' 
 claire rolled her eyes . 
 `` oh god , you can say that again . 
 what 's the point of studying literature if you 're just totally going to hack it ? '' 
 abby laughed . 
 she liked the fact that claire obviously had a sense of humour . 
 `` i feel sorry for mr. russell , though , '' claire went on . 
 `` he 's a good teacher . 
 he ca n't help being stuck with such a bone-head subject to teach . '' 
 abby chuckled . 
 she had n't heard the word , ` bonehead ' since leaving the city . 
 claire chatted away to abby about the school . 
 `` mr. anderson thinks he 's fair when he grades papers , but actually he 's not . '' 
 claire said , conspiratorially . 
 abby liked claire and thought they would probably be friends , but she found it hard to concentrate on claire 's peppy conversation . 
 she still felt unsettled from the events of the morning . 
 she wondered if she 'd get a chance to see jess before school got out . 
 with everything that 's been going on , i could really use a familiar face right now . 
 but then how well do i really know anyone here ? 
 abby thought . 
 had one of her new ` friends ' left the fake eyeball and the weird answering machine messages ? 
 but why ? 
 abby could n't think of anything she 'd done that would explain why someone would be so angry with her . 
 unless it was all supposed to be a joke . 
 `` claire , do people like playing jokes around here ? '' 
 abby asked . 
 claire did n't know abby . 
 there 'd be no reason for claire to lie to her . 
 claire looked doubtful . 
 `` jokes ? 
 you mean like halloween ? '' 
 `` yeah , kinda . 
 i mean , are there kids in the bay who like to prank people ? '' 
 they stopped by the lockers . 
 `` not that i can think of , '' claire said , her brow furrowed . 
 there 's the usual horsing around that goes on between the football teams . 
 the guys can be a bit lame sometimes . 
 why ? 
 is something the matter ? '' 
 `` oh no . 
 not really , '' abby said , cheerily . 
 `` it 's just something somebody mentioned to me . 
 a friend . '' 
 `` right , okay . '' 
 claire said . 
 `` well , anyway , here are the lockers . 
 do you have your number ? '' 
 abby searched in her bag for the paper slip with her locker number and combination . 
 `` do you know james merritt ? '' 
 she asked . 
 claire looked surprised . 
 `` james merritt ? 
 yeah , he 's a senior . 
 i do n't know him that well , though . 
 do you ? '' 
 `` no , not really , '' abby said quickly , taking out the paper . 
 `` i just met him on the weekend . 
 he told me he goes here but he seems a little old for high school . 
 i just wondered . 
 i do n't really know many people that well yet . '' 
 claire looked at abby as if trying to figure out if she was asking a question or making a statement . 
 `` well technically , he is older than the other seniors . 
 i know he studied abroad for a year on a student exchange program , '' claire replied . 
 abby nodded . 
 so that 's why he seemed older than his other friends . 
 she was lost in her own thoughts for a moment and pretended to concentrate on the slip of paper . 
 `` you look kinda relieved or something , '' claire said , laughing . 
 `` is he the one playing jokes on you ? '' 
 claire 's words jolted her . 
 abby forced herself to stop thinking about the eyeball . 
 `` oh no , no ! 
 nothing like that ! '' 
 she said , trying to laugh . 
 `` no . 
 it was just that i met him at mark 's party . 
 we hung out but i wondered about him being a senior . '' 
 `` well , half your luck , '' claire said , leaning against a locker . 
 `` most people struggle to get two words out of him . 
 and that includes the teachers ! 
 you must have really impressed him , eh ? '' 
 claire was joking around . 
 abby blushed . 
 `` yeah i guess , '' she said , laughing genuinely this time . 
 the bell rang and the hall filled up with kids . 
 abby thanked claire and they said goodbye . 
 she hoped claire was n't the kind of person who would gossip and spread some stupid rumor about her just because she 'd asked questions about him . 
 maybe it was n't such a good idea to be asking about people she did n't really know very well . 
 despite it being a tourist town , pleasant bay had the vibe of a close-knit community . 
 outsiders might n't be so welcome . 
 as abby made her way to class , she thought about what claire had said about james . 
 obviously abby was n't the only one james did n't talk to much . 
 she wondered what country he 'd gone to on exchange . 
 she wondered why she was becoming so fixated him . 
 i 've spent most of last night and all of today thinking about him , she thought . 
 despite feeling uneasy and even a bit scared , she wondered if she was starting to develop a crush on him , abby met her teacher , ms. sanchez , who introduced her to the rest of the class . 
 all abby saw was a blur of faces as she found her seat . 
 it felt good to sit down . 
 she realized she 'd been running around all day and was hungry as well as tired . 
 the class was social studies and normally abby would have enjoyed it , but today she struggled to focus . 
 all she could think about was who might be trying to scare her , and why . 
 abby chewed the end of her pen and thought about going to the police . 
 were a few prank phone calls and a rubber eyeball enough for them to take her seriously ? 
 gradually abby became aware that a class discussion was taking place . 
 she snapped out of her daydream . 
 she 'd been so far away she had n't even heard the teacher 's question . 
 `` towns like pleasant bay do not need any more development . 
 `` kyra was saying , seriously . 
 `` there are plants and animals here that are unique . 
 they do n't exist anywhere else ! '' 
 abby remembered the shells and seaweed she 'd seen the day she and jess had walked along the beach , and the shell james had held up to the sun . 
 `` but that does n't explain how the people in this town are supposed to work and eat and raise their families , '' a boy sitting near abby said . 
 `` if there are n't any jobs , then there 's no point even living here . 
 we might as well all go and live on the moon ! '' 
 `` thanks , guys . 
 great . 
 anyone else ? '' 
 ms. sanchez looked around the room . 
 `` yes , chelsea ? '' 
 `` it 's not just all about nature . 
 development can be bad in other ways too , '' chelsea martin said . 
 `` for example , if someone builds a shopping mall , smaller shops are pushed out . 
 the families who own those smaller shops might have to move out of town because they do n't have enough money to compete with the bigger stores . '' 
 abby 's scalp prickled , and she felt her face grow hot . 
 she lowered her head and pretended to write something in her notebook . 
 were they talking about her dad ? 
 were they trying to say the new mayfield resort and shopping complex was a bad idea ? 
 `` as you can see , everyone , land management can be a difficult and controversial topic . 
 there are a number of competing environmental and economic interests . 
 how we balance those interests is not always easy , '' ms. sanchez said . 
 `` for your homework , i want you to look at other places and communities around the world that might be facing similar challenges . '' 
 the final bell rang . 
 abby remained uncertain about going to the police . 
 abby stepped out into the hall and was caught in a wave of noise and jostling . 
 she could n't see claire or anyone else she knew . 
 she looked around for chelsea but after the comments chelsea had made in class , abby was n't sure she could count on her being friendly . 
 despite being in the midst of a crowd , abby felt alone . 
 all she wanted was to escape the crush and heat of the hall . 
 she finally managed to find a side door and squeezed through the logjam of students . 
 it felt good to be out in the cool air . 
 she could breathe freely . 
 abby walked around the building towards the main gate . 
 as she walked , abby became aware of shouting . 
 she ducked behind a maintenance shed . 
 mark crowley and james merritt were standing in the parking lot . 
 abby could n't hear their words , but from the gestures they were making she could see that they were having an argument . 
 james pushed mark so hard that mark lost his balance and almost fell . 
 abby gasped . 
 she watched as mark recovered and took a step towards james . 
 his fists were clenched and his face was filled with rage . 
 he looked as if he were about to launch himself at james and punch him . 
 james must have thought so , too . 
 he was in a fighting stance . 
 abby swallowed . 
 her mouth felt dry . 
 she gripped the strap of her backpack , unsure of what she was about to see . 
 james said something and mark backed away a little . 
 he still looked angry . 
 it was n't over yet . 
 abby 's mind was whirling . 
 were n't mark and james supposed to be friends ? 
 best friends ? 
 why were they fighting ? 
 chapter fourteen the two boys exchanged more words then finally stomped away . 
 abby waited behind the maintenance shed until she was sure they were gone . 
 she walked slowly towards the main gate , thinking about everything she 'd just seen . 
 it started to rain . 
 damn , she thought . 
 the one day i forget my jacket . 
 luckily she 'd thought to bring a small fold-away umbrella , but it was in her locker . 
 she started back for it . 
 the hall was almost empty . 
 three girls on their way to the gym walked by with a basketball . 
 it was getting darker . 
 there might even be another storm . 
 abby looked anxiously up and down the hall . 
 she found her locker and turned the combination . 
 opening the locker door , she gasped . 
 books , folders and papers were strewn all over the shelves and the floor . 
 abby had left everything stacked neatly before she 'd left . 
 now all she could do was stare in horror at the mess everywhere . 
 someone had been in her locker ! 
 abby started to gather up the books and papers when she heard a sound . 
 she froze , listening . 
 she quickly grabbed the umbrella and tried to re-set the lock . 
 her hands were trembling . 
 there it was again : footsteps ? 
 abby glanced around nervously . 
 i need to get out of here ! 
 she thought . 
 abby hurried down the hall towards the main doors . 
 outside the rain was coming down harder . 
 over the noise of the rain there was another sound . 
 footsteps . 
 abby glanced behind her , breaking into a jog . 
 the hall was dark . 
 she was running by the time she reached the doors . 
 she flung them open and dashed outside . 
 abby ran through the parking lot and out into the street . 
 she stopped and turned around . 
 it did n't look like anyone was following her but it was hard to see through the rain . 
 the light was fading . 
 she walked quickly , trying to hold the umbrella steady . 
 her shoes were already drenched . 
 it 's only a half block to the bus shelter , she told herself . 
 abby crossed a side street and stepped out onto the road . 
 she had to make her way slowly over the greasy asphalt . 
 she wondered why james and mark had been fighting , and whether the comments in the class discussion had been directed at her . 
 everyone had seemed friendly so far . 
 there was a low growling noise . 
 abby moved her umbrella to one side to see what it was and was immediately dazzled by two huge lights . 
 her ears were filled with the sound of roaring and the lights were moving fast . 
 they were coming straight for her ! 
 chapter fifteen it was too late . 
 there was nowhere to go . 
 abby screamed as the car bore down on her . 
 she closed her eyes . 
 at the last moment it swerved and slid on the wet road . 
 it clipped abby on the shoulder as it went past , and she was thrown against the curb . 
 she fell heavily and her head struck the road with a sickening thud . 
 the car sped past , drenching abby in mud and water , the wheels were just inches from her head . 
 she struggled to stand up . 
 the low growling noise returned . 
 a dark shape was approaching . 
 she could hear the swish of tires through water on the road . 
 the car was coming back ! 
 abby tried to take a step onto the verge , but her legs crumpled beneath her . 
 she had to get away . 
 she had to get to safety . 
 but the car was n't speeding towards her . 
 it was slowing down . 
 the driver stopped and leapt out , racing towards her through the rain . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 a voice yelled . 
 abby looked up . 
 `` oh abby ! '' 
 it was ms. mitchell , the school receptionist . 
 `` can you move ? 
 let me help you . '' 
 lorna mitchell took abby under the arms and helped her into the passenger seat of her car . 
 `` abby what happened ? 
 you 're head 's bleeding , '' lorna said as she hurriedly took a cloth from the glove compartment . 
 she held it against abby 's cheek . 
 abby was shaking . 
 blood and water were running down her neck and sweater . 
 she shivered with cold . 
 `` here , hold that if you can . 
 it 's going to be okay . 
 it looks like a superficial cut . '' 
 lorna mitchell jumped out of the car and grabbed a picnic rug from the back . 
 she wrapped it around abby . 
 `` we 're going to the hospital , '' she said . 
 abby had never seen so much blood before . 
 it was all over her clothes and the interior of the car . 
 `` it 's all right , abby . 
 just rest , '' lorna said as she turned the car around to drive to the hospital . 
 abby was silent . 
 she stared at ms. mitchell as if in a dream . 
 lorna took off at speed and sat up close against the windscreen . 
 she kept glancing at abby every now and then . 
 at the hospital lorna stayed with abby until gordon may arrived . 
 in the meantime , a doctor examined abby and treated her injuries . 
 abby had concussion , cuts and bruises and a sprained wrist . 
 `` you were certainly very lucky , '' the doctor said . 
 `` it could have been much worse . '' 
 abby 's head was pounding . 
 she did n't feel so lucky . 
 abby was in a bed , but the doctors cleared her to go home . 
 now that the adrenaline had worn off , she felt exhausted . 
 gordon may arrived at the same time as the police . 
 the police took statements from abby and ms. mitchell . 
 there was n't much abby could tell them . 
 she had n't seen the car until it was right on her and she struggled to describe it . 
 all she could say is that it sounded heavy , like a pick-up truck or an suv . 
 ms. mitchell said that she 'd driven past just after the accident and had n't seen anything either . 
 the police promised to investigate , but abby could tell that they did n't have much information to go on . 
 after the police left gordon may turned to ms. mitchell . 
 `` thank god you came along , '' he said , visibly shaken . 
 `` abigail could have been killed . '' 
 `` i 'm just so glad i saw her , '' she replied . 
 `` it was raining so hard out there . '' 
 `` it 's eased up a little , but it 's still coming down . 
 please take care driving home , wo n't you . '' 
 ms. mitchell promised she would . 
 `` and you take care , too , abby . 
 i hope to see you back at school again soon , '' she gave abby a quick hug as she left . 
 abby saw tears in her father 's eyes . 
 `` when i got the call at work , i thought ... for a minute i thought ... '' gordon may coughed and cleared his throat . 
 `` it 's okay , dad , '' abby said . 
 gordon may put his head down and nodded . 
 he took a handkerchief out of his pocket , removed his glasses and wiped his eyes . 
 `` this will never do , '' he said , trying to laugh . 
 `` you 're sitting there thinking , ` c’mon dad ! 
 time to get this show on the road ! 
 i do n't want to be stuck in this hospital all day long , i 'm a teenager ! '' ' 
 abby smiled at her dad 's attempt at humour . 
 she started to cry silently . 
 it was painful for both of them thinking about her mother . 
 they made their way slowly to the car and drove home . 
 the rain was clearing . 
 at home abby took some painkillers the doctor had prescribed and went to bed . 
 her dad brought up a tray with a hot roll and cocoa in her favorite mug . 
 millie jumped on the bed and curled up at abby 's feet . 
 the next morning abby woke in pain . 
 her legs and her right arm were aching where she 'd taken the greatest impact from the fall , but she was feeling a little better . 
 there was a soft knock at the door . 
 `` come in , '' abby said . 
 carla entered with a breakfast tray . 
 she helped abby to sit up with an extra pillow and set the tray in front of her . 
 on it was a cup of herbal tea and a stack of blueberry pancakes , abby 's favorite . 
 `` abby , your father told to me . 
 i 'm so very sorry for your accident , '' carla said , looking solemn . 
 she walked across the room and drew back the curtains . 
 `` your father has left for work . 
 he will call in the lunch break . 
 the whole day i am here . 
 i will see you get better . '' 
 `` thank you , carla . 
 and thanks for the pancakes . 
 i 'm sure i 'll be feeling better soon . '' 
 carla smiled sadly and left the room . 
 millie leapt off the bed and followed carla downstairs for her own breakfast . 
 abby stared out at the sky as she ate the pancakes . 
 it was cloudy . 
 she remembered how close the car 's wheel had come to her head . 
 if the car had n't slipped on the road ... abby shuddered . 
 had someone deliberately tried to run her over ? 
 it had been raining heavily . 
 maybe the driver had n't seen her ? 
 ms. mitchell had seen her , even when abby had been laying down on the road , or had that been because she had been struggling to get up and had crumpled to the ground right when ms. mitchell had been approaching ? 
 abby thought about all the other things that had happened . 
 the weird messages . 
 the eyeball . 
 the feeling of being followed . 
 james ' warning to be careful and the fight she 'd seen between him and mark . 
 james had also made that strange comment that he was n't stalking her . 
 abby wondered who she could talk to and who she could trust . 
 she winced as she set the breakfast tray to one side and reached for the phone on her bedside table . 
 jess would probably be in class . 
 abby sent her a text saying that she was away sick and would call later . 
 she tried hannah . 
 abby was relieved to hear hannah pick up . 
 `` hey , good timing , i have n't got classes until this afternoon , '' hannah said . 
 `` how was the first day yesterday ? '' 
 `` oh you wo n't believe it ! '' 
 abby said . 
 her voice was shaking and she was on the brink of tears . 
 `` abby , are you okay ? 
 you sound upset . 
 believe what ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 she knew she could trust hannah . 
 they had been friends forever . 
 suddenly everything came pouring out . 
 abby was surprised to hear the worry in her own voice . 
 she was more upset than she realized . 
 `` whoa , abby ! '' 
 hannah cried . 
 `` today 's tuesday and all this has happened just since the weekend ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 it 's all been since the night of the party . 
 no , hang on , wait ; i think someone pranked me before that . 
 during the day on the home phone . '' 
 `` what did they say ? '' 
 `` they did n't say anything . 
 but i could tell there was someone there . 
 i could hear them breathing , '' abby said . 
 `` it does sound weird , '' hannah agreed . 
 `` do you think it 's about money ? '' 
 `` no one 's asked for any and there has n't been a ransom note or anything , '' abby said . 
 `` maybe the eyeball was a kind of message ... a ransom for millie , a warning or something ? '' 
 hannah suggested . 
 abby suddenly remembered the phone call at mark 's place . 
 `` oh my god ! '' 
 she cried . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i just remembered , one of those prank calls ... i think the person said , ` dog . ' 
 ` they said , ` dog , ' ? '' 
 `` yes ! 
 i remember ! ' 
 abby said . 
 `` there was silence , and i thought i heard laughing as well ! '' 
 `` and then this guy james that dropped you home said , ` be careful ' ? '' 
 `` yes ! 
 i know , it 's weird . 
 none of it makes sense . 
 i do n't know what to do . 
 i do n't know if any of it 's connected . 
 none of this stuff seems random , but then again , i ca n't work out why anyone would have a grudge against me . 
 i hardly know anyone here . '' 
 `` yeah , and you would n't think a kid making some prank calls would try and run you over , '' hannah agreed . 
 `` have you thought maybe some of it 's related but not other stuff ? 
 as mean as this is going to sound -- have you thought that it might be xavier making the calls ? 
 i would n't put it past him . '' 
 `` yeah , i wondered that too , '' abby said . 
 `` but what about the joke eyeball ? 
 and that guy james telling me to , ` be careful ' ? '' 
 `` well , the box with the eyeball did n't have your name on it , or your address ... maybe it was n't meant for you ? 
 are you sure the caller said , ` dog ' ? 
 maybe it 's like your housekeeper said ; it was a dog toy or something . 
 did you ask your dad about it ? 
 could he have bought it for millie and forgot to mention it ? 
 you said he 's been pretty preoccupied lately . '' 
 `` yeah , he has . 
 it 's possible , i guess , but dad 's not in the habit of buying dog toys . 
 especially as he is so busy at the moment . 
 and what kind of person gives their dog a fake eyeball to play with ? 
 han , you did n't see it . 
 it looked so ... real . '' 
 abby shivered . 
 `` did you tell your dad and the police yesterday about all this stuff ? '' 
 hannah asked . 
 `` no . 
 i should have . 
 i wanted to ... but i was still getting over the accident and i was kind of groggy . 
 i do n't know whether to say anything or not . 
 it might just be kids . 
 i 'm thinking it 's probably better to ignore it , otherwise i might just end up stressing dad out over nothing . 
 he was really shaken up yesterday . 
 `` yeah , totally ! 
 i can imagine . 
 another accident . 
 it must have been horrible , '' hannah said , sympathetically . 
 `` and frightening ! 
 what about talking to that james guy ? 
 asking him what he was on about ? 
 i mean , it 's pretty weird to say , ` be careful ' to someone you hardly know . 
 and it sounds like he 's been acting kinda strange on top of that . 
 i 'd say he definitely knows more than he 's letting on . '' 
 `` yeah , definitely . 
 i think so , too . '' 
 `` listen -- ab -- i got ta go , '' hannah said . 
 `` keep me posted , okay ? 
 ring anytime . 
 and promise to take care . 
 it all sounds kinda creepy . '' 
 abby promised she would . 
 she replaced the phone on the table . 
 she sighed and lay back on the pillows and thought about hannah 's advice . 
 abby tried to picture herself approaching james and starting a conversation . 
 she did n't know if she could . 
 especially after seeing the fight . 
 he 'd looked so angry . 
 what if he blew up at her ? 
 then abby had another thought : she 'd told the police that the car that hit her might have been an suv . 
 james drove an suv ! 
 it could n't be him ! 
 abby twisted the bed-sheet in her hand . 
 if it had been james , it had to have been an accident ! 
 i wo n't know unless i talk to him , abby thought . 
 it might be the only way i 'm going to find out the truth . 
 chapter sixteen the next day abby woke to the sound of the phone . 
 `` hey , i was n't sure if you 'd answer , '' jess said . 
 `` are you ok ? 
 ms. mitchell in the office said you 'd been in some kind of accident . 
 she did n't want to tell me , but i ` d already got your text yesterday and knew you were off sick , so i got it out of her , '' jess said , with a short laugh . 
 abby smiled thinking of ms. mitchell . 
 `` yeah , i 'm okay i guess . 
 luckily it was n't more serious . 
 i should be back at school in a couple of days . '' 
 abby told jess about the accident . 
 `` oh my god ! 
 abby ! 
 that 's so awful ! '' 
 jess cried . 
 `` that must have been so scary ! 
 you could have been killed ! '' 
 `` i know ! 
 apart from a few cuts and bruises , my wrist and shoulder are the worst . 
 i can hardly move my arm . '' 
 `` and it was ms. mitchell that found you ? 
 wow . '' 
 `` yeah crazy huh ? 
 one minute i 'm registering at school and the next minute she 's picking me up off the road and driving me to hospital . '' 
 `` oh no abby ! '' 
 jess said . 
 `` is there anything i can do ? 
 would you like me to come over and keep you company ? '' 
 `` thanks , jess , but that 's okay . 
 i just need to chill i think . 
 it 's the shock of it more than anything . 
 you know , there i am one minute , walking to the bus , and the next some maniac is headed straight for me . '' 
 abby tried to joke . 
 it would be the talk of the school for awhile and she 'd probably end up repeating the story a few times . 
 `` well , let me know if you need anything or if i can help , '' jess said . 
 `` i can collect your homework for you if you like ? '' 
 `` hey thanks , that would be great , '' abby said . 
 `` i really hope you 're feeling better soon , abby . '' 
 jess sounded very concerned . 
 `` hey thanks . 
 maybe we can chat on-line later ? '' 
 abby said . 
 `` sure . '' 
 just as they were about to hang up , abby said , `` jess , did you see mark or james today ? '' 
 `` mark and james ? 
 yeah , i saw them at lunchtime . 
 how come ? '' 
 `` how did they seem ? '' 
 abby asked . 
 `` were they talking ? '' 
 `` you mean to each other ? 
 yeah ... they seemed fine ... '' `` it 's just that ... '' abby was n't sure what to say . 
 `` did they say anything about me ? '' 
 `` say anything about you ? '' 
 jess repeated . 
 no . 
 like what ? '' 
 `` oh it 's just that i did n't get a chance to thank them after the weekend , '' abby said , quickly . 
 `` oh abby ! 
 do n't worry about that now ! 
 you rest and get better , '' jess cried . 
 `` i know it 's silly . 
 i 'm fine . 
 i guess i 'm just not thinking straight , '' abby said . 
 `` i just ... i wish my first day ... had n't gone so badly ! '' 
 she forced a laugh . 
 `` you poor thing ! 
 well , do n't worry , we 'll all be here when you get back , '' jess said . 
 `` take care , abby . 
 talk soon . '' 
 after they hung up , abby stared at the phone . 
 she longed to tell jess what had really been going on , but she had to admit she still did n't know her very well . 
 could she trust her ? 
 there was n't anyone in the bay that abby felt she knew that well . 
 what if it 's more than one person doing this stuff ? 
 she thought . 
 her mind returned to the same question she 'd discussed with hannah . 
 who would want to stalk her , and why ? 
 by the end of the next day in bed , abby was bored . 
 her arm still hurt but she was able to move it more . 
 the pain was going and her bruises were changing color . 
 a thick scab had formed over the cut on her head . 
 too bad it 's not halloween , she thought , wryly . 
 i look scary enough for it . 
 jess had emailed some homework . 
 abby read over the notes . 
 after reading the same page three times , she gave up . 
 abby sat up in bed with her smartphone . 
 she logged into her instant messaging account . 
 no one was on . 
 hannah and jess and some of the other girls had left get well messages on her keyway wall . 
 so had mark . 
 abby read the message from him . 
 hey abby , sorry to hear about your tough break -lrb- almost ! -rrb- 
 hope you 're feeling better soon ! 
 : -rrb- the messages helped cheer her , but abby remained suspicious . 
 she hated doubting her new friends . 
 she decided to search for mark on-line . 
 she felt guilty for snooping but she had to reassure herself . 
 mark seemed like a nice guy but unless it was her imagination , it seemed like he was being extra nice to her . 
 maybe he 's got a crush on me , she thought . 
 at the party and at his house there seemed to be a comfortable familiarity between them . 
 he was easy to talk to . 
 she typed mark 's name into the search engine . 
 she found some information on the usual social media sites , but most of the search results were for his dad 's company . 
 it was n't much help . 
 there was n't anything about mark that abby did n't already know . 
 then there was james merritt . 
 if abby was going to be totally honest with herself , she was developing a crush on him . 
 from the first moment she 'd looked into his eyes on the boat she 'd felt something . 
 there was some sort of spark between them and abby was almost certain he felt it , too , but she knew even less about james than she did about mark . 
 abby entered ` james merritt ' into the search engine . 
 nothing . 
 she tried different combinations : ` james merritt pleasant bay , ' and , ` james merritt pleasant bay high ' , but there were no results . 
 why could n't she find anything about him ? 
 chapter seventeen abby decided to take a break from searching . 
 she went downstairs . 
 it was late afternoon and carla had gone home . 
 she 'd left a homemade savory pie and a batch of fresh muffins . 
 millie ran around the living room carrying a squeaky toy bone in her mouth . 
 she stopped in the kitchen , shaking it from side to side . 
 abby thought about the eyeball and shuddered . 
 there was no way it could have been a dog toy , but she would ask her dad anyway . 
 abby knew she had to tell him what had been going on . 
 the car accident was too close for comfort . 
 abby sat at the table and watched millie chewing the bone between her paws . 
 thank god carla had found her . 
 after only a month carla already felt like family . 
 abby thought about that . 
 how well did they really know her ? 
 how had carla found millie so fast ? 
 it was almost as though she had known exactly where to look . 
 abby decided that when she was feeling better , she would go down to the beach and have a look at the drain herself . 
 something else occurred to abby : carla had arrived just after abby had found the eyeball . 
 could she have parked around the corner , planted the box on the doorstep , and then waited a few minutes in her car before ` arriving ' at the house ? 
 stop it , abby ! 
 she scolded herself . 
 there was no reason to suspect carla . 
 she 'd been nothing but kind to abby and her father , going out of her way for them . 
 i must really be getting spooked , abby thought . 
 i 'll be suspecting my own father next ! 
 the phone rang . 
 abby jumped . 
 it was her dad . 
 gordon may was ringing to see how she was . 
 he was still at work and would be home late . 
 `` do n't wait up , abby . 
 i do n't know how long i 'm going to be and you still need to get plenty of rest , '' her dad said . 
 `` there 's enough loose change in the kitchen caddy to order take-out , if you like . 
 i 'm sorry , kiddo . 
 we 're so busy at the moment with this deal . '' 
 `` that 's okay , dad . 
 i understand . 
 before you go ... there 's something i 've been wanting to ask you ... you have n't bought any toys for millie , lately , by any chance ? '' 
 `` toys for millie ? 
 no , i have n't bought any toys for millie . '' 
 `` i did n't think you had , i just saw this plastic toy outside on the ground the other day and i wondered where it came from . '' 
 `` oh . 
 well , no . 
 sorry honey , i ca n't help you there . 
 maybe someone dropped it on their way to the beach . '' 
 `` yeah , you 're probably right , '' abby said . 
 `` are you okay ? 
 you sound kind of worried . 
 did millie get out again ? '' 
 gordon may asked , concerned . 
 `` oh no , dad . 
 no . 
 she 's here . 
 she 's looking up at me now . 
 i 'm fine , really . 
 just a little tired . '' 
 `` okay , honey . 
 take it easy . 
 i 'll get out of here as soon as i can . '' 
 `` thanks , dad . '' 
 abby hung up the phone and sighed . 
 she had n't exactly told him the truth , but all along she 'd been certain that the eyeball was n't a dog toy , and she felt better for having asked her dad about it . 
 abby ordered a pizza and watched tv while she waited for it to arrive . 
 she wondered whether to call jess to come and hang out . 
 by the time the pizza arrived abby still had n't made up her mind about calling jess . 
 there was a knock at the door . 
 abby looked through the spyhole and opened the door for the pizza boy . 
 she paid and thanked him as she took the box . 
 the pizza smelt delicious . 
 as she was closing the door , she noticed something under it . 
 abby put the pizza box down on the hall table and picked up a white envelope . 
 her name and address were typed neatly on the front . 
 there was no return address and no postage stamp . 
 whoever had left the letter had hand-delivered it . 
 abby 's heart was racing . 
 what was it ? 
 who was it from ? 
 with trembling hands she tore it open . 
 chapter eighteen a single sentence was printed in the middle of the paper . 
 i 'm keeping an eye on you ! 
 abby stood in the doorway , frozen . 
 she read the sentence again . 
 suddenly she dropped the paper and ran outside . 
 apart from a few couples strolling along the esplanade , the street was empty . 
 abby went back inside . 
 millie was running between the pizza box on the hall table and the open door . 
 abby felt dizzy . 
 she scooped millie into her arms and went back inside . 
 she locked the door and sat down on the sofa , her appetite gone . 
 she felt sick . 
 abby 's head throbbed . 
 her mind was racing . 
 so she was right : the eyeball had been intended for her . 
 why ? 
 she thought . 
 what have i done ? 
 abby was n't sure how long she sat on the sofa . 
 eventually she stood up and walked into the kitchen . 
 she thought about calling someone to come over . 
 she wished her dad was home . 
 he 'd know what to do . 
 she dialed her dad 's number but hung up before the call connected . 
 whoever was doing this was trying to intimidate her . 
 he or she wanted abby to be scared . 
 scared in her own home . 
 i 'm not going to give in to this fear ! 
 she told herself . 
 for all i know , it might still turn out to be some sort of stupid joke . 
 abby decided to wait until her dad got home to tell him . 
 he was very busy . 
 in the meantime , she 'd write down everything that had happened . 
 at the hospital she remembered the police had said that sometimes the smallest details could turn out to be important clues . 
 even if she and her dad did n't go to the police and it was just a bunch of kids from school , writing it all down might help her work out who it was . 
 abby drew the curtains on the dark windows and turned on all the lights . 
 she re-heated the pizza . 
 when it was ready she took it into the living room with a pen and notepad . 
 she 'd start by writing everything down and then look for any obvious pattern . 
 she felt sure there had to be one . 
 abby listed each event and when it had occurred . 
 next , she would write a list of all the people she knew : friends , acquaintances , teachers , everyone she could think of that she had met or been in contact with since she and her dad had arrived in the bay . 
 no one would be left out . 
 until she knew more , everyone was a suspect . 
 abby thought hard and tried to include everything she could remember . 
 by the time she 'd finished , she had a sheet of information . 
 she read it over and over but she could n't see any connection . 
 there had to be one , but after a couple of hours of thinking , she gave up and decided to take a break . 
 the only thing that she could say for sure from reading her list was that she could n't rule anybody out as a suspect . 
 abby looked at the clock . 
 it was past ten . 
 her dad still was n't home . 
 she was tired and her arm was aching . 
 millie was curled up against her leg on the sofa , snoring softly . 
 abby reluctantly got up , poured some food into millie 's bowl and , turning on the porch light , went up to bed . 
 i really should catch up on some school work , she thought wearily as she climbed the stairs . 
 she sat up in bed and tried to read the notes jess had emailed to her while listening out for her dad , but abby soon felt herself falling asleep . 
 hours later she sat up , wide awake . 
 the clock on the bedside table read 4.35 am . 
 the cut on her head was throbbing . 
 abby put her slippers on and went to the window . 
 the front porch light was out and the car was in the driveway . 
 her phone on the bureau was flashing with an unread message . 
 she hoped it was a text from hannah , or jess . 
 sometimes hannah texted after she 'd been to a late movie . 
 abby swiped the screen and her face was bathed in an eerie glow . 
 the text was n't from hannah . 
 or jess . 
 or anyone else abby knew . 
 it was from an anonymous number . 
 it 's hard to keep an eye on things when you are in pain do n't let your precious things get all washed down the drain ! 
 abby stared numbly at the screen . 
 the drain ! 
 the drain at the beach where carla had found millie ! 
 abby had been wondering whether millie had got herself stuck or whether someone had deliberately trapped her . 
 it was a point she 'd written on the list . 
 now she had her answer . 
 it was the stalker ! 
 the stalker put millie in the drain ! 
 the stalker knew where abby lived and had her cellphone number ! 
 she started to tremble . 
 abby tried to think who she 'd given her number to . 
 jess was the only person she could think of besides the people she knew in the city , like hannah and xavier . 
 had jess given abby 's number out to someone ? 
 if she had , would n't she have told her ? 
 abby forced herself to consider whether it could be jess herself . 
 it seemed unlikely , but it was possible . 
 abby knew that jess did n't have a boyfriend . 
 maybe she 's jealous of the attention i 've been getting from mark and james ? 
 abby wondered . 
 but would jess really take it this far ? 
 she seems so nice , abby thought . 
 if jess was the stalker she must also be a superb actor . 
 abby could n't picture it . 
 but what if hannah was right ? 
 what if there was more than one stalker ? 
 some making calls and another person leaving notes and the eyeball ? 
 as abby considered this latest threat , a surge of anger replaced her fear . 
 she switched on the lamp , her eyes adjusting to the sudden glare of the light right ! 
 she thought . 
 this is going to stop ! 
 and it 's going to stop now ! 
 chapter nineteen abby decided she would go down to the beach and check the drain at first light . 
 whoever was menacing her was trying to keep her afraid and vulnerable , trying to ruin her life . 
 she should be having fun with her new friends , starting a new school and planning for the future . 
 she and her dad had only recently moved to pleasant bay , so the stalker could n't be well known to her . 
 that meant that the stalker did n't know who they were dealing with , either . 
 abby would check the drain and then come home and tell her dad what had been going on , and the suspicions she had . 
 then they could go to the police . 
 pulling on her robe , abby crept downstairs and made some toast and a cup of coffee . 
 she went into the living room where millie was asleep in her basket . 
 abby petted her gently . 
 `` i 'm going to get to the bottom of this , '' she said , softly . 
 before long , the sky was streaked with light . 
 abby changed into sweat pants and a top and grabbed a flashlight and her phone . 
 she left a note for her dad on the kitchen counter and , being careful not to disturb millie , she slipped out of the house . 
 the sky and the sea were tinged with the soft pink of sunrise , but abby did n't have time to enjoy the view . 
 she walked quickly along the esplanade to the beach . 
 it did n't take long to reach the bay 's rocky headland . 
 abby noticed that the tide was coming in and she had to scramble over the rocks to reach the drain . 
 it would be difficult for a little dog like millie to cross a huge mound of rocks , especially if they were slippery , but not impossible . 
 after a few minutes of searching , abby found it . 
 a steady stream of water ran from the pipe into the sea . 
 it had a large grill on the front that prevented rubbish from being dumped out into the bay . 
 abby shone the flashlight through the grille and down into the hollow black cavern . 
 there was no way that millie could have gotten through the grille and become stuck down there on her own . 
 abby tugged at the grille . 
 the metal gave way slightly in her hands . 
 on her own she probably could n't pull it off completely , but it would n't be a problem for someone who was a bit stronger . 
 that 's what carla must have meant when she said a young man helped her . 
 he must have helped her to pull the grille loose . 
 abby wondered who the young man had been . 
 james ? 
 mark ? 
 abby remembered the way james had suddenly appeared at the beach the day he gave her a ride to mark 's house . 
 had he been at the beach that day too when carla had found millie ? 
 carla had also said something about the puppy being caught . 
 had she meant caught by the drain or caught by a person ? 
 the tide was coming further into shore . 
 she finished her inspection of the drain and clambered back up the rocks . 
 when she returned home she would write a description of the drain on her list . 
 abby no longer doubted the connection between the series of events . 
 she made her way carefully over the rocks and started back along the shore . 
 the waves were reaching further up the sand . 
 to avoid getting wet she would have to go back through the brush that ran along the length of the beach . 
 pushing her way through , abby reached the narrow track that ran through the dunes . 
 her hand closed around her phone in her pocket . 
 drat ! 
 she thought . 
 i should have taken some photos of the drain . 
 it might help to convince the police that millie had been deliberately trapped down there . 
 abby turned around on the track and started heading back towards the beach but the incoming tide made it impossible to get back over the rocks . 
 abby watched , alarmed , at the speed of the rising tide . 
 if carla had n't found millie when she had ... if the puppy had been trapped down there much longer , millie would have drowned ! 
 from the corner of her eye , abby saw movement . 
 was there someone there ? 
 she decided not to waste any time getting home . 
 she quickened her steps . 
 then abby heard another noise . 
 she stopped to listen . 
 footsteps ? 
 silence . 
 abby kept walking . 
 i 'm freaking myself out , she thought . 
 that 's all it is . 
 her grip tightened on her phone . 
 another sound , closer this time . 
 abby spun around . 
 against the dunes she could just make out the shape of a person . 
 someone was following her ! 
 abby ran . 
 her shoes slid on the sand and her hand touched the ground but she did n't fall . 
 the sound of her heart pounded in her ears . 
 someone was chasing her ! 
 she stumbled and almost fell . 
 it was n't much farther . 
 if she could make it out into the street she would be able to flag down a passerby . 
 abby could hear the heavy thud of shoes behind her . 
 whoever was there was running hard and catching up . 
 she tried to run faster , but it was no use . 
 the stalker was gaining on her . 
 she could hear their breathing . 
 the hair on her neck stood on end . 
 they were right behind her ! 
 abby tried to scream , to call out for help , but she could n't catch her breath . 
 her body was surging with adrenaline . 
 she had to get out of the dunes and onto the road or the beach where people could see her . 
 if she could get there she could run to the nearest house and call for help . 
 where 's the road ? 
 she thought , fighting frantically through the brush . 
 she fumbled her phone out of her pocket . 
 it was too late . 
 abby felt a vice-like grip close on her arm . 
 she screamed as the phone flew out of her hand . 
 ` no ! ' 
 she shouted . 
 she struggled against her attacker , falling hard on her knees . 
 pain shot through her arms as two hands gripped her shoulders and dragged her backwards . 
 abby knew she had no option other than to fight as hard as she could . 
 a hand reached around for her throat . 
 she kicked out , twisting . 
 abby came face to face with her attacker . 
 she looked into his cruel dark eyes and screamed , recognizing him immediately . 
 chapter twenty `` eric crowley ! '' 
 abby cried . 
 the stalker was mark 's father ! 
 he struck her hard . 
 abby collapsed . 
 when she woke up she was being dragged again . 
 everything around her was blurry , as though she was underwater . 
 abby fought to stay conscious . 
 she tried to look around , to see where he was taking her , but she could n't turn her head . 
 her face was swollen and bleeding . 
 eric crowley threw abby into the back seat of his suv . 
 soon they were lurching over a rough dirt road . 
 abby sat up slowly and leaned against the window . 
 she did n't recognize the area . 
 in the driver 's seat , eric crowley was talking in a low voice . 
 was he speaking to her ? 
 did he know she was even awake , or was he talking to himself ? 
 `` you stupid kid ! 
 you think you 're so clever ! 
 you and your stupid father ! 
 well , we 'll see who 's laughing in the end , wo n't we ? 
 gordon may 's not so clever now , is he ? 
 not when his precious little daughter 's missing ! 
 he 's not going to win the contract for the pleasant bay redevelopment ! 
 daddy dearest is going to be too distracted ! 
 do n't you think so , abby ? '' 
 `` you 're crazy ! '' 
 abby shouted . 
 she tried the door of the car . 
 it was locked . 
 she was trapped . 
 `` yes , that may be so , '' eric crowley said with slow satisfaction as abby pulled on the door handle . 
 `` but all 's fair in love and war ... and business . 
 is n't that what they say ? '' 
 he peered at her through the rear-vision mirror , smiling coldly . 
 abby looked out onto unfamiliar countryside . 
 crowley drove the car along a series of winding back roads . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 she cried . 
 `` you know , i tried the usual methods , '' crowley went on , as though he had n't heard abby 's question . 
 `` i tried to buy them off , you know . 
 the planning department . 
 a well chosen little ` gift ' is usually all it takes for them to agree with my position . 
 i 'm the head of future minerals mining and construction , after all . 
 did you know that ? 
 and this development ... well , do you know how much it 's worth ? 
 how long i 've been working on it ? 
 no ? 
 well , you would n't , dear princess , would you ? 
 you 're too busy swanning around with my son , playing house . 
 not a care in the world ! 
 i changed all that , though , did n't i ? '' 
 crowley threw back his head and laughed bitterly . 
 `` you 've been stalking me ! '' 
 abby cried . 
 `` how dare you ! 
 we have n't done anything to you ! 
 my dad 's worked harder for this than you ever will ! '' 
 `` who gives a damn ! '' 
 crowley 's voice was choking with rage . 
 he swerved the car violently . 
 abby was thrown against the door . 
 `` what better way to keep gordon may occupied than to threaten what 's most precious to him ? 
 his darling little girl ! '' 
 `` it did n't work ! '' 
 abby yelled . 
 `` you do n't scare my dad ! 
 and you do n't scare me ! '' 
 abby did n't want eric crowley to think for one moment that she was the least bit scared , even though she was actually terrified . 
 `` you know , the town planners are pretty impressed with your dear old dad , '' he murmured calmly , before exploding again into rage . 
 `` i nearly had you ! 
 i was so close ! 
 if my car had n't swerved in that puddle on the road ... you 'd be dead ! 
 and everyone would have thought it was an accident ! 
 i know what happened to your mother ! 
 how she died ! 
 gordon may would have packed up and left ! '' 
 `` you evil man ! '' 
 abby cried . 
 she could feel the tears sliding down her checks . 
 `` as soon as my dad knows i 'm missing he 'll go straight to the police and they 'll catch you ! '' 
 crowley did n't respond . 
 he was muttering under his breath . 
 it 's as though he 's having this conversation with himself , abby thought . 
 he 's mad ! 
 eric crowley made a sharp turn and continued driving . 
 they were climbing in a series of increasingly-sharp , hairpin turns . 
 abby tried to spot any familiar landmarks , anything she could recognize that might give her a clue as to where they were going . 
 suddenly water came into view . 
 it was not the familiar sea of pleasant bay , but a huge rolling ocean . 
 the road grew even steeper . 
 crowley was zooming around the corners with increasing speed . 
 he 's going to kill us both ! 
 abby thought , horrified . 
 the car growled up one last steep incline and she could see the end of the road . 
 they were heading straight for the cliff ! 
 abby covered her eyes and screamed . 
 but eric crowley did n't drive off the cliff . 
 he stopped at the edge . 
 just a few feet from a sheer , fifty foot drop into the ocean . 
 he got out of the car without a word . 
 abby realized then what he was going to do . 
 he was going to throw her over the edge ! 
 she had to act fast . 
 the car 's engine was still running . 
 as crowley turned to open her door , abby shot forward . 
 she maneuvered herself into the driver 's seat and grabbed hold of the wheel . 
 pain shot through her right arm . 
 crowley spun around in a rage , his hand reaching in through the door to grab her . 
 he yanked her by the hair and tried to drag her out of the car . 
 abby gripped the steering wheel harder and shifted her foot to find the accelerator . 
 she needed to release the parking brake . 
 there was only one chance to get it off before crowley pulled her through the window . 
 the pain in her head was unbearable . 
 abby suddenly screamed as loud as she could and at the same time reached with one hand for the parking brake and released it . 
 she slammed her foot down on the accelerator . 
 abby turned the steering wheel sharply as the car shot forward . 
 she aimed it toward a huge boulder . 
 abby heard a blood-curdling scream . 
 she closed her eyes seconds before the impact . 
 the airbag activated as the car crashed into the boulder and then lurched backwards with the momentum of the force . 
 abby was thrown back against the seat , hearing the sound of smashing glass before blacking out . 
 chapter twenty-one sunlight streamed through the window . 
 mark crowley was standing with abby by her locker . 
 he was going to give her a ride home . 
 enjoy your stay a voice said . 
 enjoy your stay in pleasant bay ! 
 `` but i 'm not going anywhere . '' 
 abby was trying to talk . 
 `` i want to stay here . '' 
 she turned to speak to mark but james merritt was standing by her locker instead . 
 his brown eyes where lit up by his smile when she saw him . 
 `` do n't worry , abby , '' a voice said , softly . 
 `` you 're safe now . 
 you 're going to be okay . '' 
 abby slowly came awake and looked around her at the smooth white walls of the room . 
 she was in a hospital . 
 she 'd been having a dream of being back at school . 
 gordon may was sitting by the bed . 
 he looked relieved to see abby awake . 
 abby 's whole body ached . 
 she could n't move . 
 then suddenly , it came back to her : eric crowley . 
 the car . 
 the cliff . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 she murmured . 
 `` eric crowley ... he was chasing me ... '' gordon may held her hand . 
 `` it 's okay , honey . 
 the police have arrested him . 
 i 'm so sorry , abby . 
 i had no idea he was after you . 
 we could n't find you . 
 i spoke to hannah and she told me that you thought someone might be stalking you . '' 
 gordon may shook his head sadly . 
 `` what happened ? 
 all i remember is the car ... the edge of the cliff ... crowley was dragging me out of the car -- '' `` you drove the car into a boulder . 
 thank god you did . 
 who knows what could have happened ... crowley 's foot was crushed as the car went forward . 
 a tourist on the way to the lookout heard screaming , and then the crash and went to investigate . 
 when he saw what had happened , he called the paramedics and the police . 
 you were unconscious when they arrived . '' 
 gordon may paused and looked down at his hands . 
 `` the police want to talk to you but do n't worry about that now . 
 what matters now is that you 're safe . 
 the doctor said you 're going to make a full recovery . '' 
 gordon may smiled through fresh tears . 
 `` are you in much pain ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` everything 's aching , but mainly my arm . 
 and my head . '' 
 `` i 'll call for a nurse , '' her dad said , pressing the call button . 
 a cheerful nurse entered the room and ran some tests . 
 he adjusted the drip in abby 's arm and told her the doctor would be in soon . 
 gordon may handed abby a small plastic cup and helped her drink some water . 
 there was a gentle knock on the door . 
 abby was expecting the doctor but when she looked up she was surprised to see james standing in the doorway . 
 `` hi abby , '' he said . 
 dark circles shadowed his eyes . 
 there was stubble on his chin and his hair was greasy and tangled . 
 `` hello , james , '' her dad said . 
 abby looked questioningly at her father as james took a step into the room . 
 `` james has come by a couple of times , but you were sleeping , '' abby 's father said by way of explanation . 
 `` we 've had time to introduce ourselves and get acquainted . '' 
 gordon may stood up . 
 he offered james the chair he 'd been sitting in and left to find another one . 
 james sat down and looked over at abby . 
 he ran his hand through his hair . 
 `` are you up to having visitors ? 
 please say if you 're not ; i can come back later . '' 
 abby did n't feel ready for visitors but she did n't want him to go . 
 `` no , it 's okay . 
 stay . 
 at least for a little while , '' she said . 
 `` abby , i 'm so sorry . 
 i thought crowley might be dangerous but i never thought ... i never thought for a moment he 'd do something like this ... '' `` you knew ? 
 but how ... ? '' 
 abby was confused . 
 `` i did n't know for sure . 
 mark and i have been friends since grade school . 
 i 've known the crowleys a long time . 
 mark 's told me some stuff over the years . 
 about his dad . 
 eric crowley can be really sly , especially when it comes to money . 
 a couple of months ago mark told me that their family was in some kind of financial trouble . 
 he did n't say what , exactly , and i did n't ask , but i could tell it was n't good . '' 
 james looked past abby and stared out of the window . 
 the wind gathered some leaves and scattered them around the bay hospital courtyard . 
 `` i knew how much crowley needed this deal for the resort . 
 then when we were at their place for lunch that day and crowley said to you , ` enjoy your stay , ' i thought it was kind of odd . 
 there 's always been something a bit strange about the guy , '' james said . 
 `` and that was the day you warned me to be careful , '' abby said . 
 `` right . 
 i had some sort of bad feeling , an intuition . 
 i do n't know . 
 and then it went all around the school that you 'd been hit by a car . 
 that 's when i really started to worry , but of course it just sounded like an accident . 
 i wanted to get your number and call , but we had only just met , and i did n't know for sure . 
 i did n't want to freak you out . '' 
 `` the day of the accident i saw you and mark arguing in the parking lot at school , '' abby said . 
 `` you saw us ? '' 
 james asked , surprised . 
 he sighed . 
 `` mark was worried about his dad . 
 he said he seemed strung out and had been acting weird lately . 
 really erratic and stuff . 
 he knew that your dad was the head of a major competitor . 
 anyway , i do n't really know how that stupid argument even got started . '' 
 james shook his head . 
 `` mark was upset about his dad and their financial situation . 
 plus the fact that i 'd been talking to you . '' 
 james smiled shyly . 
 `` mark knew i liked you from the very first night , at the party . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 abby was n't sure what to say . 
 she blushed and smiled though the pain of her headache . 
 dad 's taking a long time with that chair , she thought , still smiling . 
 he was giving them some privacy . 
 `` you know , it 's funny . 
 i knew someone was stalking me but i had no idea who it was and -- '' `` and you thought it might have been me ? '' 
 james said . 
 abby nodded . 
 `` or mark . 
 i was n't sure . '' 
 james nodded . 
 `` mark 's taking this pretty hard , '' he said , somberly . 
 `` the whole family is . 
 mark 's blaming himself for not seeing what his dad was up to . '' 
 james shook his head sadly . 
 `` james , please tell mark i do n't blame him . 
 i know that he did n't know , '' abby said . 
 `` i will , abby . 
 he 'll be really happy to hear that . '' 
 james moved the chair closer to abby 's bed . 
 `` you know , i searched for you both on the internet when i was trying to figure out who was behind all this , but nothing came up -- '' `` for me ? 
 no , it would n't . 
 i must be about the only person in the world who 's not on social media , '' james said , wryly . 
 `` i went to africa for a year . 
 i was on exchange in zambia . 
 i had a simple lifestyle over there . 
 since i 've come home i 've kept some of those less hectic ways . 
 i do n't really watch tv all that much and i prefer to read or go hiking or actually hang out with people face to face . '' 
 abby nodded ; she often felt the same way . 
 `` anyway , there 'll be plenty of time to tell you all about africa once you 're out of here and feeling better . 
 that is ... if you would like to hear about it . '' 
 `` well sure . 
 but how do you know i have n't been there ? '' 
 abby said . 
 surprised , james laughed . 
 `` well have you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 he laughed again . 
 abby was glad she could make him laugh and lighten the mood a little . 
 she smiled and said , `` anyway , is that a promise , to tell me about africa ? '' 
 `` well sure it is . '' 
 james said , his eyes warm . 
 gordon may walked in carrying a large bouquet of flowers . 
 `` a nurse was on her way with these , '' he said , setting them down on a shelf near the bed . 
 `` read the card , dad . 
 who are they from ? '' 
 he read the card . 
 `` they 're from jess , chloe and sarah . 
 i meant to tell you before that hannah passed on her best wishes and is going to call you soon . '' 
 abby breathed in the scent of the flowers . 
 `` i 'll let you get some rest now . 
 i 'll come back again soon . '' 
 james touched abby lightly on the hand and stood up to leave . 
 `` you better , '' she murmured , cheekily . 
 `` you 've got an amazing story to tell me about africa , remember ? '' 
 abby smiled through her fatigue . 
 `` a story about africa and a story about a girl i 've met . '' 
 james said , his smile broad . 
 abby 's feelings for james matched the look he had for her in his eyes . 
 `` i ca n't wait to hear about her , '' she said . 
 `` i hear she 's got a pretty neat dad , too , '' gordon may said . 
 james and abby laughed together . 
