 broken the siren series # 1 l.a.griffiths all rights reserved acknowledgements i just want to thank whoever is holding this book in their hands . 
 and for giving this young author a chance . 
 thank you . 
 enjoy . 
 chapter one i was dragged down into the dark . 
 my mind was blurry , darkened figures roamed around me with talon like claws . 
 scratching and stabbing as my bare flesh succumbed to the brutality . 
 i screamed out in pain , pushing the figures away , until hot agonizing pain shot through my chest . 
 `` ellie laveau , please pay attention . '' 
 the teacher asked . 
 i was torn away from the dark and brought back into the reality . 
 `` ah crap . '' 
 i mumbled under my breath . 
 quickly i raised my head . 
 mrs. clayson face was stuck in a constant frown . 
 she wore it nearly every day . 
 -lrb- cheer up woman -rrb- . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 i said . 
 she gave me a quick nod and turned her back on the class and continued to write on the board . 
 i really hated maths . 
 my brain could not keep up with all the stupid numbers , but like my dad says , i have to stick it out until the end . 
 i looked over to my right and saw lilly heavily reading her text book . 
 lilly was one of the pretty girls , but she never really thought about herself as being pretty . 
 she had long flowing blonde hair , but today it was high up in a ponytail to show off her high cheek bones . 
 she loved maths , and even tried to teach me at one point . 
 i love lilly very much , but the girl she can be such a know-it-all . 
 as i was about to finish some of the answers on my page the bell rang and my heart jumped for joy . 
 i slammed my books shut and threw the rest into my backpack and zipped it up . 
 i quickly caught up with lilly outside the class . 
 she turned to face me and she had her motherly look plastered onto her face . 
 -lrb- here we go -rrb- . 
 `` you were sleeping again were n't you ? '' 
 lilly 's tone was not happy one . 
 lilly was one of my best friends . 
 i have known her since i came to this school a few years ago . 
 we hit it off quickly and have been friends ever since . 
 she has become the mother of the group , always knew what was best . 
 `` um , just a little . 
 i 've been having trouble sleeping that 's all . '' 
 i replied . 
 `` again ? 
 what 's going on with you ellie ? 
 are you sick or something ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` god i hope not , i hate getting sick , '' i said while feeling my forehead . 
 `` no , no temperature . '' 
 i really did hate getting sick . 
 i always felt like i was on deaths door , and , it was so not attractive , always blowing my red nose , coughing up nasty phlegm . 
 ugh i just did n't want to think about that right now . 
 `` well maybe you should see the schools nurse ? '' 
 lilly suggested . 
 `` you do look a bit puffy . '' 
 `` do n't lie . 
 anyway let 's get something to eat maybe that will help . '' 
 i said to change the topic . 
 we arrived together at the dinner hall , and as usual everyone had their own little group and sat at same table every day . 
 the hall had a white high ceiling with long circular lights hanging down low along with a wooden tiled floor that had seen better days . 
 we quickly bought a sandwich and a drink from one of the vending machines . 
 i looked over and saw becky wave at us from our favorite table , shaking her many bangles at the same time . 
 rebecca -lrb- becky for short , as she hates being called rebecca -rrb- was also one of my other best friends and i adore her . 
 becky has a cute little mole on her right cheek , -lrb- she calls it her beauty mark , but lilly and i sometimes tease her about it -rrb- , becky 's hair was black as night , and cut short that showed off her long slender neck , she had a thin nose with soft full pink lips that was covered with too much lip-gloss . 
 i sat down at our small table and started to eat my sandwich i did n't realize how hungry i was until i took my first bite . 
 `` so becky . '' 
 lilly asked `` how was matthew then ? '' 
 lilly gave becky a cheeky little wink . 
 `` no , nothing happened . '' 
 she sadly said . 
 `` the teacher did n't give us a chance , and you know that 's the perfect time when he 's alone . 
 when he 's not in class he 's surrounded by those friends of his . '' 
 `` do you want us to go with you '' i asked . 
 i knew what her answer was going to be straight away . 
 `` no way , i 'm not a kid anymore ellie , '' i quickly stop talking and continued to eat my sandwich . 
 `` it just drives me mad , we give each other looks , now and then , but none of us can pluck up the courage . '' 
 `` you 'll get him next time , how does the saying go ? '' 
 lilly asked `` absence makes the heart grow stronger ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` um no , i do n't think that 's it but i know where you 're coming from , '' replied lilly . 
 `` oh yeah becky , ellie has something to tell you . '' 
 uh oh i knew what this was going to be . 
 was it gang up on ellie day , and with that i had a major headache going on . 
 `` do n't tell me she 's been sleeping in class again ? '' 
 becky said , like i was n't even in the room . 
 `` yep . '' 
 `` ok , can you two get off my back please !? 
 i have n't been sleeping well and i 've got a thumping headache and you are not helping , '' i felt the anger bubbling deep down . 
 `` i 'm sorry girls it 's just that today has n't been a good day . '' 
 `` sorry ellie , you know we 're only joking . '' 
 lilly said . 
 `` yeah sorry . '' 
 both of them just stared down at their food feeling ashamed . 
 i took a deep breath . 
 what was going on with me lately , i 've been snapping at them a lot , and i was acting quite bitchy lately . 
 i tried to give the girls a little smile to ease the tension . 
 `` fine , but you owe us now . '' 
 becky said immediately . 
 `` deal '' i accepted . 
 the awkwardness soon disappeared between us . 
 i took one last bite of my cheese sandwich and washed it down with some lemonade when the bell rang . 
 `` let 's go becky , we 've got class together . '' 
 i told her . 
 `` o.m.g. i totally forgot about mr. drop dead gorgeous . '' 
 becky said . 
 i gave her an eye roll . 
 `` let 's just get to class or mr. thomas will not be so drop dead gorgeous and please do not call him that to his face '' i asked . 
 becky bit her lip in a sultry way which needed another eye roll . 
 `` behave ! '' 
 lilly said by playfully throwing a rolled up paper napkin at her . 
 i threw my rubbish into the bin and brushed myself off . 
 becky shot a raised eyebrow my way . 
 `` what ? 
 i do n't want crumbs on me when i go to lesson . '' 
 i said . 
 `` yeah , whatever . '' 
 becky giggled . 
 we walked together amongst the crowd of teenagers . 
 it did n't take us too long to get to our english class since we knew a short cut up the side stairs . 
 we climbed up and just around the corner was our english class . 
 we found our seats , lucky enough i was sitting next to becky , but sometimes we did slack off and just chatted and gossiped about our teacher -lrb- well becky did i just agreed now and then . -rrb- 
 becky was right , he was drop dead gorgeous , all the girls had major thing for him . 
 mr. thomas had short sandy colored hair with two day stubble that looked great on him . 
 it defined his strong jaw line and in the right light made me go weak at the knees . 
 -lrb- i know , i know . 
 it 's just wrong -rrb- . 
 today we were reading shakespeare 's romeo and juliet . 
 i did n't really know much about it , but i knew that it was sad . 
 why did shakespeare write such dark tales ? 
 i mean did he ever look on the brighter side of life ? 
 i looked over at becky and saw she was completely enthralled with mr. thomas as were the other girls . 
 now and then mr. thomas gave us his famous crooked smile that everyone loves . 
 mr. thomas held up the book . 
 `` right class , for a few days we will be reading romeo and juliet '' his voice was soft yet commanding . 
 he flipped open the pages and started to read . 
 his soft manly voice flowed naturally as he began to quote the words of romeo to his imaginary juliet . 
 he asked some of the students to read passages from the book and he then asked them what they thought it meant . 
 some of them gave stupid answers while others gave deep analysis to the meaning . 
 thank god he never asked me to read , i hated reading out loud , too much pressure . 
 `` is n't he gorgeous ? '' 
 drooled becky . 
 now and then his eyes would meet mine and i would blush all over and i would then stick my face straight into the book . 
 what had seemed like minutes had turned into a full hour . 
 it was time to pack up and head home . 
 becky was fast to put her things away and zoomed out of the class , but she turned back and said . 
 `` i 'll wait outside for you ok . '' 
 i nodded to her and went back to packing my stupid overly packed bag . 
 one of these days this bag is going to fall apart . 
 when i was done , i noticed that i was the last one in the room except mr. thomas . 
 he was tidying some papers away . 
 `` do n't you want to go home ellie ? '' 
 asked mr. thomas . 
 `` yeah just packing this stupid bag , it keeps jamming all the time . '' 
 i replied . 
 he came around each table to collect the books that he had provided . 
 there was one of the books sitting on my table and without thinking i kindly passed it to him and for a split second my hand touched his . 
 -lrb- oh crap -rrb- . 
 i knew what would happen and i slowly looked into his deep brown eyes . 
 mr. thomas 's pupils doubled in size . 
 i could feel his heat flowing through his body and into mine , it felt wrong and right at the same time all muddled up in one heat of desire . 
 he came closer towards me and i immediately pulled my hand away and ran straight to the door . 
 i quickly ran down the stairs so fast that i nearly fell . 
 i had to sit down and take a breath . 
 my head was spinning , i could n't breathe . 
 i undid my buttons on my blazer to let cool air through . 
 i sat on the cold rubber floor with my back to the wall . 
 tears began to flow down my face -lrb- crying at school was such a big no , no -rrb- i tried to get my breathing under control when i heard footsteps coming up the stairs . 
 no , do n't come up here , please . 
 i thought . 
 i was just about to get up and leave when i heard a familiar voice calling my name . 
 the two girls came up the stairs with worried looks . 
 when i saw them i began to cry again . 
 becky and lilly rushed over to me on the floor and was about to hug me . 
 `` do n't '' i yelled and they backed away . 
 `` sorry ellie . '' 
 `` do n't worry , we know it 's not your fault , do n't cry we 're here now . '' 
 i was so lucky to have them as my best friends ; they mean the world to me . 
 but the sad thing is i can never touch them . 
 they never once judged the things that happen to me . 
 they just accept me and that 's why i love them . 
 `` it happened again , did n't it ? '' 
 lilly asked . 
 i gave her a quick nod . 
 `` who was it ? '' 
 lilly 's voice was soft . 
 `` mr. thomas '' i replied . 
 `` not mr. drop dead gorgeous . '' 
 said becky . 
 lilly gave becky a slight nudge . 
 `` sorry becky , i know you like him . '' 
 i said . 
 `` but he did n't do anything to me . 
 i ran out of there quickly . '' 
 `` do n't be so hard on yourself , '' said becky `` it 's not like you have any control over it , it just happens . '' 
 becky was right . 
 i had no control over it what so ever when i accidently touch people . 
 the people i touch , they change , and i do n't know why or how , they just do . 
 even my friends , i have to watch who i touch , like last year . 
 i tipped over some idiot 's bag in class , and i fell , lucky the teacher caught me . 
 -lrb- well not really lucky -rrb- . 
 as soon as he grabbed me , he started to change . 
 his eyes went wild and crazy . 
 he tried to rip my clothes off in front of the class while saying real horrible graphical stuff to me . 
 he forcefully tried to kiss my face . 
 thankfully if it was n't for the other students and the teacher 's god knows what he would have done . 
 unfortunately for him he 's no longer working at the school , and , it was my fault . 
 `` let 's get you home ellie . '' 
 said becky i wiped my wet face with the back of my hand . 
 lilly and becky were the first on their feet . 
 i grabbed onto the stairs banister and pulled myself up . 
 the three of us walked down the stairs and into the darkly lit carpeted hallway . 
 it felt a bit weird being in school after hours , normally there are kids pushing and running down the halls . 
 now it just felt spooky and empty . 
 i followed the girls as we exited the building and into the warm june sunlight . 
 the fresh air whipped around me in playful blows . 
 it felt good against my skin , cooling and refreshing me at the same time . 
 we walked out of the school grounds in awkward silence . 
 i stood by the school gates ready to say goodbye . 
 `` do you want us to walk you home ellie ? '' 
 asked lilly . 
 `` no thanks , it 's only ten minutes away , i 'll be fine . '' 
 i replied . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 becky asked . 
 `` yeah , i 'll be fine . 
 i 'll speak to you tonight . '' 
 i answered . 
 i turned my back on my friends , and i began to walk home . 
 my girls were always there for me . 
 i do n't know what i would do without them . 
 they always knew what to do and how to it , becky and lilly were all i had . 
 well except my dad , -lrb- crap -rrb- . 
 i am going to be really late getting home . 
 he worries about me at lot . 
 i quickly picked up my speed when something caught my eye . 
 i felt the hairs on the back on my neck raise and my whole body shivered as if a sharp wind rippled through me . 
 my mind was shouting at me , telling me not to look , but it felt as if a stranger was controlling my body . 
 i slowly begun to turn around and i expected something really bad to happen , but what i saw was more breath taking then anything . 
 a beautiful woman stood in front of me with a gentle smile . 
 chapter two the woman was beautifully stunning . 
 she had long red flaming hair that flowed in waves down to her breasts . 
 the woman 's eyes were a bright fiery red and they were aimed right at me . 
 she walked towards me , closing the short gap , one step at a time . 
 my mind was frozen , as well as my body . 
 it was like i had turned to stone on the spot . 
 as soon as she got within arm 's reach she smiled the most heartwarming smile , showing a set of white teeth . 
 i just stood there looking at her . 
 staring , like an idiot . 
 her face looked like it was carved from smooth stone . 
 there were no blemishes , no uneven skin tone , just her beauty . 
 her dark rouge lips had the perfect cupid 's arrow i 've ever seen . 
 this woman looked like she was created from the gods themselves . 
 `` ellie ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i was taken aback when she spoke my name . 
 her voice was smooth like melted chocolate so soft and alluring . 
 i gathered myself and said `` yes , that 's me . '' 
 the woman gave another angelic smile . 
 `` you 've grown so much . '' 
 she said . 
 i immediately took a few steps back which she noticed . 
 i did not know who this woman was . 
 `` there 's no need to be afraid ellie , '' she gave a slight giggle '' i 'm sorry if i 'm scaring you . '' 
 her smile died and a serious looked took its place . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 i said . 
 i noticed that my voice was not steady as it should have been . 
 `` my name is not important right now . '' 
 she replied . 
 i could listen to her voice all day . 
 i began to find my own voice . 
 `` then i think we 're done here . '' 
 i said . 
 i was about to turn and walk away when she called out my name again with her seductive voice `` ellie , be careful please . '' 
 i continued to walk away from the beautiful woman , ignoring her words and headed quickly home . 
 when i saw my house i nearly ran to the door but decided against it . 
 my house was not big or fancy but it was ideal for me and my dad , it was kinda ' small but that 's what i liked about it . 
 it was just the two of us since my mother died when i was young . 
 our house was in fact quite plain except the beautiful rose designs on the glass windows and the door , the roof was tiled in a dull gray color , some of the roofing slates were either missing or were badly discolored . 
 i crept by the window and peaked in and saw my dad sitting there with a cup of his favorite drink , tea . 
 seeing him put a huge smile on my face . 
 i opened the front door to see my dad staring at me . 
 uh oh i forgot that i was late getting home . 
 `` and where have you been ? '' 
 he asked . 
 his tone was n't angry but very concerned . 
 my dad gets worried about me very easily . 
 `` me and the girls lost track of time that 's all . '' 
 i lied . 
 my dad was n't stupid at all and he 'd know if i was lying . 
 but he 's one of them dads that never push , he 's the best . 
 `` is that true ? '' 
 he started to stare at me while sitting in his chair . 
 i did not dare move . 
 `` do n't do it again '' he asked . 
 `` i wo n't dad . '' 
 i replied . 
 he went back drinking his tea and reading something in the paper . 
 i left my dad in the living room while i ran up stairs and threw my bag in my room and changed into my oversized lazy clothes i wiped some of my make-up of with a wet wipe . 
 -lrb- i was n't going anywhere else today anyway -rrb- i grabbed a quick snack from the fridge and sat lazily on the sofa watching tv . 
 `` are you watching anything ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 `` watch what you want . '' 
 he replied without moving his head from his paper . 
 i scanned through the boring channels , cooking shows and poorly acting soap operas with crappy plot lines flew across the screen . 
 i finally settled for an action tv series that i only just caught the end of . 
 my dad put down the paper and entered the kitchen . 
 a familiar smell sneaked its way towards me that i knew very well . 
 i inhaled deeply . 
 the yummy smell of garlic and basil shot towards me . 
 dad was making my favorite food , spaghetti and his famous -lrb- well not really famous -rrb- tomato sauce that i loved . 
 italian food was my favorite . 
 i have always enjoyed it since i was a little girl . 
 `` smells good . '' 
 i said . 
 `` yeah i was in the mood for spaghetti , and i know it 's your favorite . '' 
 he called out . 
 `` when 's it ready ? '' 
 i impatiently asked . 
 `` it 's nearly ready just a few more minutes , '' he replied `` so how was school then ? '' 
 my heart skipped a beat . 
 `` yeah same as always . '' 
 i said nonchalantly . 
 i expected him to say something else , or to ask more question , but luckily , he did n't . 
 i could hear plates being taken out and utensils making annoying sharp sounds . 
 i felt guilty , so i got up and went into the kitchen to lend a helping hand . 
 i took the knives and forks from my dad and placed them onto the small kitchen table while he strained the spaghetti . 
 i helped myself to the grated cheese in the fridge and placed it in the middle of the table . 
 i pulled back the wooden chair and sat at the table waiting . 
 the delicious smells toyed with me while i sat . 
 he dished the spaghetti onto two plates and topped it off with the garlic and basil tomato sauce . 
 in less than a minute of it being in front of me , i forked mouthfuls of spaghetti straight into my mouth . 
 dad sat across the kitchen table from me enjoying his meal . 
 i was about to eat another mouthful when i noticed that the kitchen was very quiet . 
 normally the tv would be playing loud in the other room or dad would be talking -lrb- or more likely blabbing about something -rrb- , but there was silence and it was weird . 
 i broke the uncomfortable silence . 
 `` dad ? '' 
 he looked up from his plate to meet my eyes . 
 `` i met a woman outside school today . '' 
 i decided to tell him about the creepy , yet , beautiful woman . 
 he continued to listen . 
 `` she was an older woman and i 've never seen her before in my life . '' 
 slowly i watched my dad as he placed his fork to the side . 
 `` tell me a bit about her . '' 
 he asked . 
 `` um ok , she had long red hair , very attractive , older than me , and she said that she knows me . '' 
 i answered . 
 `` she was beautiful dad . '' 
 `` hm '' he mumbled . 
 `` i 've never known anyone like that , but if you ever see this woman again , please tell me . '' 
 he asked . 
 i was a bit confused but i agreed . 
 `` ok , but i do n't think i 'll see her again . '' 
 but deep down i knew somehow i would . 
 `` is the first time you 've seen her ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` uh huh . '' 
 i replied . 
 `` was that the reason why you were late ? '' 
 `` yes and no . 
 but dad , if i see her again i will tell you ok . '' 
 i said reassuring him . 
 i scraped around my plate to finish the last few bites . 
 with an empty plate , i took it over to the sink . 
 my dad leaned to one side in his chair for his all time favorite , his forehead kiss . 
 i kissed his forehead to say thank you . 
 -lrb- you 're never too old to give your dad a quick kiss , so do n't judge -rrb- . 
 i headed upstairs to my bedroom and grabbed my laptop from my bedside table . 
 the girls are usually online at this time , and i needed to tell them about that woman . 
 why did i have such a crappy day today . 
 i doubled clicked on the laptops mouse pad , and i waited for one of them to pick up . 
 within a few seconds my two best friends were on the screen side by side . 
 `` hi girls . '' 
 i said first `` you alright ellie ? '' 
 asked lilly . 
 i repositioned my screen so they could see me better . 
 lilly was looking at some papers and becky was in the middle of curling her hair . 
 `` yeah i 'm fine , but my dad noticed something was up when i walked straight through the door . '' 
 i said . 
 `` god , he must have something like sixth sense or something , '' becky said while trying not to burn her fingers . 
 `` did he say anything ? '' 
 `` well , not really he just gave me that look . '' 
 i replied . 
 `` oh . '' 
 added lilly . 
 `` yeah my dad gives me that look all the time . '' 
 said becky . 
 `` is there something else you 're not telling us ? 
 you seem a little quite tonight and a bit agitated . '' 
 `` ah crap was i really that easy to read '' i asked . 
 `` yes '' they both said together . 
 `` it 's totally obvious ellie '' said becky . 
 i bit my lip to try to not look guilty . 
 i could n't keep anything from these girls . 
 i gave a deep sigh . 
 `` fine , when i was on my way home i bumped into this woman , and she was a beautiful looking woman , and i 'm talking top model beauty . 
 she said that she knows me but i 've never seen this woman in my life and i told my dad about her , but he did n't know her either . '' 
 `` did she hurt you ? '' 
 asked becky . 
 `` no she did n't . 
 she just stood there talking , but i really did n't say anything , i was kinda ' star struck . '' 
 i replied . 
 `` good , as least she did n't hurt you . '' 
 said lilly . 
 becky and lilly started chatting amongst themselves . 
 i was watching them talking , but at the same time i was n't . 
 i sat there staring into nothingness , ignoring everything around me . 
 i could hear something calling to me . 
 i could n't really make it out . 
 slowly more voices piled on top of each other , making the voices unbearable . 
 i placed my hands over my ears tightly to try and drown the noise . 
 the loud voices called out my name many times , but i tried to ignore them . 
 `` stop , stop it . '' 
 i screamed . 
 slowly it started to fade away and a clear voice that i knew came calling out to me . 
 it was my dad , he was calling my name . 
 the room around me came into focus and i was lying on the floor , arms and legs fully tucked up to my chest . 
 i lifted my head to see his worried face staring intensely at me . 
 he bent down and scooped me up from the floor and carried me onto the bed . 
 as soon as i tried to relax a sharp searing pain shot through my head , burning like fire . 
 i tried my best to hide the pain . 
 `` are you alright ellie ? '' 
 he quickly asked . 
 `` yeah i-i 'm fine '' i lied through gritted teeth . 
 my mouth started to feel dry and i did n't have the energy to speak anymore . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i turned my head to one side to notice that the girls were still watching me on the laptop . 
 their eyes were wide open and full of horror . 
 my dad noticed the laptop , he walked over and said his quick goodbyes and switched it off . 
 `` ellie , are you going to tell me what happened or do we have go to the hospital ? '' 
 he asked again . 
 i cleared my dry throat . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i was talking to the girls and i felt this pain in my head and that was it , '' i said `` how long was i out for ? '' 
 `` not long , i heard a bang from your bedroom and when i looked in you were lying on the floor . '' 
 he said . 
 `` you scared the life out of me when i saw you curled up . '' 
 `` i fell ? 
 i did n't feel it , '' i winced when i tried to sit up . 
 `` oh , i 'm going to feel that in the morning '' i said . 
 `` i 'm fine though dad . '' 
 `` ok i think you need an early night , if something like this happens again you need to tell me right away . 
 understand ? '' 
 he finished . 
 `` yes . '' 
 i answered him . 
 `` goodnight . '' 
 he kissed me on the forehead and closed the door behind him . 
 i slowly climbed out and undressed , ready for bed . 
 i took off my pajama bottoms and got back into bed . 
 what was that about ? 
 was i ill or maybe going crazy ? 
 did i just have a breakdown ? 
 how the hell would i know ? 
 anyway time for sleep . 
 i tried to get into comfortable position but could n't ' . 
 something was bothering me . 
 today was one hell of a day and it pissed me off that crap like this was happening to me , and that weird woman did n't ' help at all . 
 who was she ? 
 maybe she 's an escaped mental patient but what about the stuff she was saying to me ? 
 if i ever see her again i 'll have to be very careful . 
 i just wanted to scream with frustration . 
 i kept on playing what had happened today through my mind . 
 the thing with mr. thomas , crying like some idiot in school , the weird woman who says she know me , and collapsing on the floor , it just was not my day at all . 
 all this ran through my mind around and around . 
 i decided to push it to one side and try to get some sleep . 
 i closed off my mind and thought of nothing but sleep . 
 chapter three i woke up to darkness . 
 there was a strange noise outside my window that did not seem to go away . 
 i threw back the blanket and got to my feet . 
 i fumbled my way to the window to check on the noise . 
 it was pitch black outside , not even the street lamps were on which was weird , because they annoyed the hell out of me . 
 the other houses across the street were dark too , not a single light lit the buildings . 
 i opened my bedroom window to try and find where the annoying noise was coming from . 
 i tried to look out into the darkness , but there was no use . 
 ignoring the noise i turned away from the window and my heart started beating out of my chest . 
 standing in my doorway was something not of this earth . 
 it took the form of a man but it did n't have any facial features , no eyes , and no nose . 
 the only thing it did have was a mouth with sharp pointed teeth . 
 it faced me , grinning a horrifying smile . 
 i stood there rooted to the spot while the monster faced my direction . 
 how can it see me , it has no eyes i thought . 
 i tried to scream , or to move , but something was stopping me from doing so . 
 the faceless creature started to glide smoothly towards me . 
 my heart pounded in my chest , was i about to die ? 
 the creature was within arm 's length from me . 
 the faceless monster gave off a foul stench , smelling of rotten eggs combined with sewage . 
 it nearly made me gag . 
 my eyes and throat started to burn with the strong stench . 
 he lifted its foul boney arm and tried grab hold of me with his putrid fingers along its black sharp fingernails . 
 the creature finally grabbed my throat , his skeleton claws burned into my flesh . 
 i tried to scream out in pain but could n't get enough air into my lungs . 
 the disgusting creatures smile grew wider and more terrifying . 
 tears ran down my face as the pain intensified . 
 it tightened its grip on my throat until i finally screamed . 
 the monster released its hold and disappeared into the darkness . 
 i fell to the floor gasping for air to fill my lungs . 
 my throat began to burn with every new breath i took . 
 i closed my eyes just for a second , when i felt the darkness take me . 
 i opened my eyes to the warm bright sun shining on my face . 
 i found myself lying in my bed all tucked up . 
 i shot up from bed throwing the sheets off me and headed straight for the mirror . 
 i began to check for marks around my neck but there was n't any . 
 i remembered the agonizing burning pain of last night , but there were no marks , nothing at all . 
 i caught a quick glance at my face in the mirror . 
 i had deep dark circles around my green eyes , my face was dead pale and my brown natural wavy hair was a total mess . 
 i jumped in my en suite shower -lrb- god i love my en suite -rrb- and put the water on full blast . 
 the warm water felt good against my cold skin , i took some of my favorite strawberry body lotion and lathered myself up . 
 i stepped back into the blast of water and washed it all away . 
 i took some silky shine shampoo and massaged it into my hair slowly . 
 finishing with my hair i stepped out of the shower shivering . 
 i quickly took a towel and wrapped it around myself . 
 in my bedroom i opened one of my desk draws , inside was my hair dryer , a girl 's best friend . 
 i made sure my hands were dried as i plugged it into the socket . 
 a blast of warm air shot out through the hair dryer . 
 it was a god send . 
 my wet tangled hair blew playfully around my face as i tried to brush out the tangles . 
 -lrb- ouch , why did i have long hair ? -rrb- 
 i opened my small wardrobe , taking my clean uniform from the rail . 
 it was n't that bad of a uniform , i had seen worse . 
 it was a white blazer with a black skirt along with a light blue t-shirt . 
 i did n't mind wearing the skirts , but on a windy day it was hell . 
 i changed into my uniform quickly then ran back into the bathroom to brush my teeth . 
 i slapped some simple makeup on -lrb- not the ho-ish ' type like some people -rrb- . 
 i put some concealer around my dark bags and a tiny bit of blush around my cheeks to get rid of that grey . 
 i managed to cover my bags without having to make my face orange . 
 i grabbed a hair band from the bed side table and quickly tied my hair up into a ponytail . 
 i threw some of my necessary books into my backpack and ran down the stairs . 
 i wanted to grab something easy to eat from the kitchen , when i stopped dead . 
 sitting in the kitchen eating toast was my favorite aunty in the whole wide world . 
 i dropped my bag on the kitchen floor and ran over to her and gave her a huge hug . 
 hugging aunt kate seemed like the whole world was shut out . 
 i felt safe in her arms . 
 i inhaled her sweet strawberry sent on her clothes that i love so much . 
 kate slowly stroked my hair -lrb- i loved it when she did that -rrb- . 
 she took a step back and looked at me from top to bottom . 
 kate looked a lot like my dad and you could tell they were related . 
 they had the same nose and both had deep emerald eyes . 
 when i was younger kate could always spot a lie just by staring into your eyes . 
 she had short shoulder dark hair that was perfectly straight . 
 kate was n't a tall woman and she knew it , but she was the kind of woman who would let nothing stop her and i loved her for it . 
 `` you 've grown again have n't you ? '' 
 kate turned to look at my dad and he nodded . 
 `` have i ? '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` kate why are you here ? '' 
 kate laughed . 
 `` i 'm here to take you to school . '' 
 she finished with a warm hearted smile . 
 `` dad , do you really need to keep an eye on me ? 
 i 'm fine really . '' 
 i said . 
 `` your father has told me a few things about what 's been going on and to be honest i agree with him . '' 
 kate said . 
 `` agree with what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` that , from now on you will be taken to school and picked up from school . 
 i 'm getting worried about you ellie , are you okay with this ? '' 
 dad asked . 
 `` fine . '' 
 i agreed . 
 i took some fruit for the road -lrb- its good for you -rrb- , and said a quick goodbye to dad before we headed out the door . 
 we jumped into kate 's car . 
 it was n't a big flashy car but it still did the job . 
 i had no idea what make it was since i have no clue with cars but it had three doors two at the side and the boot . 
 i buckled my seat belt and kate drove away from the house . 
 as soon as the car was away from the house kate stated to talk . 
 `` right , what 's going on then . '' 
 she blurted out when it came to problems , kate did n't mess about . 
 she liked to get to the root of the problem straight away and when it came to me she wasted no time to sort it out . 
 `` do n't know what you mean . '' 
 i said shyly . 
 `` really ellie , this is me you are talking to now . '' 
 she said . 
 `` i know , i know . 
 i 've been having these weird dreams and on top of that this woman just turned up out of nowhere yesterday and started to ask me things . 
 she even knew my name which was weird . '' 
 `` was she one of your dad 's friends ? '' 
 kate asked . 
 `` no i asked him , '' i replied . 
 `` she did freak me out a little though . '' 
 `` well if you ever see that woman again , tell me and i will sort her out . '' 
 kate laughed . 
 hearing kate laugh was nice it lifted some of my worries . 
 the car came to a complete stop . 
 kate turned from the wheel and smiled at me . 
 `` do you want me to come pick you up later , you 're dad says i have but ... '' kate waited for my answer . 
 i took a moment to think it over . 
 `` better had or he 'll will be mad at us . '' 
 i said . 
 i opened the car door , and was about to say my goodbyes when kate leaned her head out of the window . 
 `` ellie '' kate started to talk and her face grew very serious . 
 `` please ... be careful , ok ? '' 
 she finally said . 
 i just stood staring at kate . 
 her face was covered with worry . 
 why was kate worried about me all of a sudden ? 
 i gave her a quick reassuring smile and walked away from the car . 
 i heard her pull away from the curb and walked into the school grounds . 
 walking towards the building , i went over in my mind what lessons i had today . 
 double english , i was not looking forward to that , science , i liked but sometimes it was boring . 
 i could always talk it over it over with the girls . 
 they 'd always make me feel better . 
 i did n't realize it at first , but i was at the schools main entrance and there was no sign of lilly or becky . 
 they should 've been here already . 
 we always meet up around here at this time . 
 i checked my phone to see if they left any messages , none . 
 i kept looking around when i heard the vilest voice i 'd come to known . 
 beth . 
 she slowly walked her way towards me with her rolled up skirt that showed her thighs and her light blue shirt with a few buttons undone giving us a show of her cleavage . 
 without knowing , my teeth were clenched tightly like a vice , and , nothing could pry them apart . 
 `` where are your girlfriends today then ellie ? '' 
 when she spoke my name i felt my sick . 
 beth had on thick mascara and heavy foundation slapped to her face . 
 to finish off her skanky look , she wore her four inch heeled boots . 
 `` i asked you a question , ellie . '' 
 her voice was patronizing . 
 `` leave me alone beth . '' 
 i asked her . 
 `` or what ? '' 
 beth waited for her answer . 
 my jaw began to ache as i clenched my teeth together . 
 i stayed silent and stared down at the floor . 
 `` you could at least look at me while saying that , '' she waited . 
 `` that 's what i thought . '' 
 she laughed . 
 ` ' please just go away . '' 
 i asked her again . 
 she ignored me . 
 `` i saw your mother drop you off just now , how sweet '' beth smile grew . 
 `` oh wait is n't your mother dead ! '' 
 pain shot through my stomach , i had to catch my breath . 
 beth saw her words slice through me . 
 she loved inflicting pain with her horrible words . 
 beth walked straight up to me , forcing me up against a wall . 
 my back slammed into the stone wall , i stood there waiting . 
 she stared into my eyes with deep hatred . 
 something was n't right with this girl . 
 she loved to torment people , why ? 
 beth came closer until i could smell her sickly pungent perfume . 
 her head was next to my ear . 
 for a second i thought she was going to bite it off , then she started to whisper into my ear . 
 `` do n't piss me off bitch , your nothing to nobody . 
 just seeing your face makes me want to deeply hurt you . '' 
 beth 's whispers cut deep as a knife . 
 `` see ya ' . '' 
 she said with a wave and a fake smile . 
 i wanted to cry , to scream , anything to show my anger towards her , but nothing came out , just stayed silent . 
 i hated beth . 
 she 'd always find an opportunity to bully me . 
 maybe i 'm just an easy target for her . 
 i took in a long deep breath and tried calm myself , as if nothing had happened . 
 i decided to go find the girls . 
 it did n't take long to find them . 
 becky and lilly were talking together in one of the corridors . 
 i quickly waved to both of them hoping that they would see me . 
 becky was the first to spot me and her face lit up as did lilly 's . 
 `` morning ellie . '' 
 becky and lilly said . 
 they seem to be full of vigor today . 
 `` you seem happy today . '' 
 lilly said sarcastically . 
 `` i just had a talk with beth . '' 
 i replied . 
 `` she 's such a bitch , what did she say ? '' 
 asked becky . 
 `` just the usual crap . '' 
 i replied . 
 `` anyway , to get your mind off it i 've got something to tell you . '' 
 becky said . 
 becky and lilly were giggling to each other . 
 `` what , what 's wrong ? '' 
 i asked the giggling girls . 
 becky suddenly blurted `` matthew asked me out just now . '' 
 she screamed in a high pitched voice that could almost break glass . 
 `` really ? '' 
 i replied . 
 `` that 's amazing . '' 
 i said . 
 `` yeah it was , well not at the beginning . '' 
 lilly said . 
 `` why ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 i waited for their answer . 
 `` it was so funny ellie , becky was just staring at him like an idiot and she just started mumbling . 
 it was so funny . '' 
 laughed lilly . 
 `` it was n't . '' 
 becky shouted . 
 `` and i was n't staring at him , at all . 
 i was just thinking . '' 
 `` sorry becky but it was kinda ' funny . '' 
 said lilly . 
 laughing lifted a huge weight off of me . 
 it was a release , and for a second my troubles were gone . 
 lilly and i were still laughing while becky was fighting to urge not to join us . 
 then the happy feeling shattered like broken glass , as the school bell buzzed throughout the halls . 
 the smile had fallen from my face and i was thrown back into normality of school life . 
 the girls knew it too . 
 we started walking to our first class of the day when lilly said softly . 
 `` you 've got mr. drop dead gorgeous today do n't you ? '' 
 i knew what lilly was talking about . 
 i wanted to forget about what happened yesterday . 
 the feelings i felt came rushing back , i felt my stomach knot . 
 `` uh yeah i do , but i 'm just going to put it at the back of my mind for now . '' 
 i replied . 
 `` i thought you could speak to him about it , you know , put things straight . '' 
 said lilly . 
 `` there 's nothing to put straight . '' 
 becky said adamantly . 
 `` but even if i did , would n't that make things more awkward ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i did n't want to continue the conversation so i said my goodbyes to the girls and stepped into my first lesson . 
 science , it was n't bad and i kinda ' like science . 
 my teacher was a very small woman in her late fifties . 
 mrs. donavan , she wore a long skirt and a comfy looking cardigan , short graying hair that flowed freely down . 
 i sat at my usual seat that was next to a plain looking girl called leah . 
 she really never talked to me and just kept to herself . 
 just like me . 
 as the lesson began , i pulled out my book and began taking notes from mrs. donavan . 
 i jotted everything down that i thought was worth writing , mrs. donavan did like talking . 
 i was writing down information when my pen had started to fade , i shuffled through my bag hoping to find another working pen , but there was none . 
 i whispered to leah who was jotting down her own notes . 
 `` leah can i borrow a pen ? 
 please . '' 
 i whispered . 
 leah rolled her eyes at me and grabbed a pen from her bag and slammed it on my desk . 
 `` thanks leah . 
 normally i 've got loads of pens but do n't know where they 've gone . '' 
 i said . 
 `` freak . '' 
 leah whispered under her breath as she continued to write . 
 pain shot through me like a bullet . 
 i ignored her comment and continued writing . 
 many of the students here called me names . 
 i just ignored them as best as i can . 
 each new day came , and a new name to call me by . 
 why do people have to be horrible all the time ? 
 i tried to listen to the teacher but all i could hear was the word freak . 
 i repeated it several times until the word lost all its meaning . 
 i remembered back when i first came to this school . 
 it was in the middle of the year . 
 everyone had their routine , and along came me . 
 a fresh face to the school , becky and lilly took to me very quickly , but not all of them . 
 the first few days of being in a new school , i had a guy come up to me . 
 he wanted to ask me out . 
 -lrb- i think -rrb- . 
 he touched my hand ; he went crazy and started to tear at my clothes . 
 before it got any serious i ran away from him screaming down the hall , and that 's when it all started , between him and the teacher , no wonder they call me names . 
 ever since then , not many people will come near me , and i 'm ok with that . 
 i tried to push those feelings deep down . 
 i focused again on the teacher 's ramblings while i wrote into my book . 
 the small bell mounted on the wall began buzzing , making me jump a little . 
 i shoved my books into my bag and turned to leah to give her pen back , but she was already gone . 
 i threw my backpack around my shoulder and hurried off to my next class . 
 i was caught off guard . 
 becky stood next to the classroom door waiting for me with her arms folded . 
 `` you ready ? '' 
 becky asked . 
 i gave her a slow nod and took a deep breath . 
 english class was below us . 
 we both descended the old stairs -lrb- it could use a fresh coat of paint -rrb- and entered mr. thomas 's class . 
 both of us sat at our usual seats , two rows from the front . 
 i turned in my chair and grabbed my books , carefully making sure not to look at mr. thomas . 
 grabbing my book , i placed it onto the table with my head slumped down . 
 he stood in front of us clasping a book labeled , romeo and juliet . 
 `` right then , shall we continue from yesterday ? '' 
 he said . 
 he paced up and down the class giving out the books . 
 today he was wearing a peach shirt that fit snugly around his strong arms with a pair grey trousers . 
 finally he stopped in front of me , holding the book out . 
 with my hand clasped at my sides , i refused to take it . 
 becky could see my unwillingness and reached out and grabbed the book . 
 i mouthed becky a thank you . 
 mr. thomas started to read from the book , every girl in the class clung onto his every word , his voice , pure ecstasy . 
 his eyes seemed to glow with passion with every word he spoke . 
 taking my eyes off the book , i turned to becky who was deeply enthralled by him . 
 i swore i could see her drooling . 
 while he was reading his eye caught mine , and , for a moment it felt like he was reading the words only to me and not a room full of kids . 
 i knew then why everyone was enthralled by him . 
 he had a twinkle in his eye that could turn your entire body to jelly . 
 i tore my eyes away from his and looked straight down at the book . 
 as mr. thomas was reading there was a knock on the door . 
 the whole class raised their heads up like a pack of excited dogs . 
 a young woman came into the classroom and asked for him . 
 she was a bit old to be a student but too young to be a teacher , maybe she was a teacher 's aide . 
 mr. thomas excused himself and left the room . 
 the room then burst into chaos . 
 becky and i started to talk amongst ourselves , that 's when i could hear sniggering from behind us . 
 `` no , you do it . '' 
 a voice said . 
 `` fine but you owe me . '' 
 the second voice said . 
 `` ellie . '' 
 uh oh i did n't want any trouble ; i ignore her and wished for the teacher to enter at that moment . 
 `` are you a virgin , ellie ? '' 
 embarrassment washed over me , i could feel my face getting warmer . 
 thank god my back was to them . 
 `` well , are you ? '' 
 the voice pestered me . 
 `` why do n't you shut your mouth , plus do n't you have to go some jobs to give out at the back of the school ? '' 
 becky did an inappropriate mouth gesture and turned her back on them . 
 before the girl could think of a comeback , mr. thomas entered the room and the class was silent . 
 i gave my thanks to becky and she replied with a cheeky wink . 
 finally the bell went , and as fast as i could i threw everything into my backpack and left with becky in tow , before i reached the door mr. thomas called my name . 
 my body came to a complete stop . 
 i slowly turned to face him and saw that he was smiling at me . 
 `` i 'll just be outside if you need me ellie . '' 
 becky said . 
 `` i just want to apologies about yesterday , if i offended you in any way , i 'm sorry . '' 
 he said softly . 
 `` uh no not really , it 's ok , '' i lied . 
 `` things have n't really been going good for me lately . '' 
 `` do you want to talk about it ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i was so tempted to tell him everything about what 's happening theses past few days but i decided not to . 
 he waited for my answer with his sparking eyes upon me . 
 `` no , it 's nothing really . 
 but thank you . '' 
 i said and headed straight out the door . 
 becky followed behind me . 
 we were meant to meet up with lilly and eat together , but we were late . 
 we both rushed down to the hall and found lilly sitting beside herself looking lonely . 
 down the massive dining hall , sitting at a table was beth . 
 she was facing the entrance as if she was waiting for someone . 
 beth was sitting with a group of girls laughing and giggling amongst themselves . 
 i did n't want to look at her anymore so becky and i bought our sandwiches and sat down with lilly , but before i could eat my food becky was the first one to speak . 
 `` what mr. drop dead gorgeous said was really nice . '' 
 becky said as she took a big chunk out of her sandwich . 
 `` you were listening !? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 asked lilly . 
 `` just about mr. drop dead gorgeous . '' 
 replied becky . 
 `` did you say anything to him ? '' 
 lilly asked eagerly . 
 `` no , he talked to me as we were coming out of the class and he was ok about it . 
 he even said sorry about it , thinking that it was his fault . '' 
 i said . 
 `` that was nice of him '' lilly said . 
 `` i think i may even like him more . '' 
 becky swooned . 
 i just stared down at the unappealing sandwich i held in my hand . 
 maybe i had been making a huge fuss of things lately . 
 i just had to relax and try not to get worked up about things . 
 `` o.m.g ellie i totally forgot , what the hell happened last night ? '' 
 lilly asked . 
 `` oh yeah that was scary ellie . '' 
 said becky . 
 i looked up from my food . 
 i did n't realize what they were talking about until it hit me . 
 `` oh you mean when we were on chat last night ? '' 
 lilly and becky looked straight at me with intense looks on their face . 
 `` i just did n't feel well that 's all . '' 
 i replied . 
 `` bullshit . '' 
 lilly said . 
 `` lilly ! '' 
 becky shouted . 
 `` come on ellie , tell us . '' 
 `` i do n't know what 's wrong with me , honestly i do n't . '' 
 i said . 
 `` come on ellie tell you what 's really going on , we 're your friends . '' 
 lilly pestered . 
 `` i do n't , i-i ca n't . '' 
 i hesitated . 
 i jumped to my feet and left the girls sitting on the table . 
 i needed a moment to myself . 
 i ran into the nearest toilet knocking one or two students who were in my path . 
 a powerful bleach smell lingered around the toilets . 
 i ran into one of the stalls and slammed the door closed that shook the stalls around me . 
 i sat onto the toilet seat lid , -lrb- whipping it first of course , yuck -rrb- i nearly started to cry , i could feel it building up , when i decided that i did n't want to feel like this anymore . 
 i wanted things to get better and moaning or crying about it wo n't make that happen . 
 hearing lilly react like that was weird , normally she was the calm one , and i would have thought becky would say something like that . 
 it felt wrong for it to come from lilly . 
 maybe she was getting fed up of my crap . 
 i tore off some toilet paper and dabbed at my eyes , trying not to smudge my make-up . 
 i walked to my last lesson of the day , art . 
 i love art very much , and it was my favorite lesson . 
 it made me calm and i could sort out my thoughts easily , without any hassle , and sometimes we were allowed to listen to our ipods . 
 my teacher miss. . 
 days was a wonderful welsh woman . 
 she was a tall woman with a colorful dress sense . 
 sometimes she had her hair in a bun with pencils woven into it . 
 miss. . 
 days was always helpful when you needed it , and would listen to you if you had any problems . 
 i sat down at my usual seat and she greeted me with a heartfelt smile . 
 her smile was warm and loving , a mother 's smile . 
 i do n't really remember my mother 's smile but i would like to think it could be like that . 
 i tried to show her my brightest smile i could , but only a fraction of it came out . 
 miss. . 
 days started talking about color wheels and giving tips about how to get the most out of your paints and our brushstrokes . 
 she gave out our workbooks and with my sharp pencil i started to draw onto the paper . 
 i began to draw thinly delicate patterns of swirls onto the paper , making sure they were equal proportions . 
 soon i filled in with more detail . 
 i grabbed the eraser to rub out some mistakes when i noticed something . 
 looking around the class , the students were sitting close to each other . 
 the tables were not that big , but there were more students to a table then there should have been . 
 i was completely alone , there was no one sitting on my table . 
 i did n't think anyone would even consider sitting next to me , where they scared or just repulsed by me ? 
 by their standards i was considered a freak , and sometimes i 'd think they were right . 
 thinking deeply about it , i completely ignored the voice behind me . 
 `` how 's it coming along ? '' 
 the teacher asked behind me . 
 she peered over my shoulder to see my work ; she looked pleased . 
 `` it 's coming along nicely ellie , keep it up , '' she said . 
 `` but maybe you could add more detail here and here . '' 
 she said pointing at my work . 
 i nodded and smiled at the same time . 
 going with her advice i added more detail to where it was needed . 
 that compliment gave me a little boost . 
 i continued my work in silence . 
 drawing and re-drawing until the bell rang . 
 `` thank god this day is over . '' 
 i said . 
 i grabbed my things and dropped them into my bag . 
 i left the classroom but not before giving a wave goodbye to miss. . 
 days . 
 as i walked out of school building my phone started to beep . 
 i dug my phone out of my bag and saw the message . 
 i 'm running a bit late will be outside soon x . 
 it was from aunt kate . 
 great , i hated waiting around . 
 outside of the school gates the other students were saying their goodbyes and heading off home and some onto the school bus , while i waited around . 
 i paced back and forth waiting impatiently for kate . 
 while walking up and down i could hear two familiar voices behind me . 
 i saw lilly and becky walking towards me , while waving . 
 lilly broke into a jog and stopped in front of me panting heavy . 
 `` i 'm so sorry ellie , can you forgive me ? '' 
 she said with little breath . 
 to be honest i was n't mad at her , how could i be . 
 i was really mad at the situation , nothing made sense anymore and now my friends were a part of it . 
 they were just confused as much as i was . 
 i wanted to give lilly a hug , but i knew that was out of the question . 
 she waited for my answer with puppy dog eyes . 
 i gave her a reassuring smile , lilly 's face burst into happiness . 
 becky slowly crept up behind her with her head down in shame . 
 `` i 'm sorry too ellie . '' 
 she said . 
 `` that 's ok . 
 i know i 'm not the easiest person to be friends with , but i 'm glad it 's you two . '' 
 i said to both of them . 
 lilly 's eyes began to water , but she quickly wiped it away . 
 `` do you want us to walk you home ellie ? '' 
 asked becky . 
 `` no thanks , i 've got my aunt to pick me up in a bit , dad insisted . '' 
 i said . 
 `` oh , ok then we 'll see you tomorrow . '' 
 said becky . 
 `` give kate our love . '' 
 they both waved goodbye and set off down the road together . 
 i took my phone out and checked to see if i had any more messages . 
 there were none . 
 `` come on kate , where are you ? '' 
 i said out loud . 
 `` waiting for someone ? '' 
 a voice full of confidence and seduction called to me . 
 chapter four my body tingled with excitement like it did yesterday . 
 that voice . 
 i 've heard it before . 
 slowly i turned around to see the same beautiful woman . 
 she stood there , facing me with her back to the bright sun , giving her a silhouette of her perfect body . 
 i 'd forgotten how beautiful she was . 
 her eyes were a bright beautiful scarlet , and her hair was a deep shade of red that it looked like living fire . 
 she wore a long white dress that had two straps over her strong shoulders and had a slit at the side showing a bit of her bare leg . 
 to finish off the look her face was flawless . 
 she looked like she 'd just come off a runway in paris . 
 i tried to find becky and lilly but they were already gone . 
 i tried to pluck up the courage to talk to her . 
 `` you 're that woman i met yesterday . '' 
 i said without any confidence . 
 she gave a smile that could light the darkest of nights . 
 i took a step back . 
 `` you do n't have to be scared of me ellie . '' 
 she said with such a soft voice . 
 i burst out into rage `` how the hell do you know my name , who the hell are you , and what is happening to my fucking life . '' 
 i screamed . 
 the woman just stood there with her eyes brightly attached to me . 
 `` you 're just like your mother . '' 
 she said . 
 `` my mother ? '' 
 i said asked slowly . 
 `` yes allow me to introduce myself . 
 i am rhea . 
 you could call me a friend of your mothers . '' 
 she said softly . 
 my head was swimming with questions . 
 this woman says she 's a friend of my mother 's ? 
 was she a mental patent ? 
 `` are you sick or something , my mum is dead ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 `` what is wrong with you ? 
 why do you keep stalking me ? 
 are you crazy or something ? 
 leave me alone ! '' 
 i started to breath heavily . 
 `` i know it must be hard for you ellie , but you need to know that i 'm here for you . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 i do n't want anything to do with you ! '' 
 `` ellie , you must listen to me . 
 you are . . '' 
 her words were cut off . 
 a car horn sounded behind me and i whipped round to see it was kate pulling up to the curb . 
 i yanked the door open and jumped straight into the car before it could stop . 
 i told kate to drive . 
 i breathed a sigh of relief as the car traveled away from the woman . 
 kate noticed my heavy sigh . 
 `` who was that woman you were talking to ellie ? 
 you look a little spooked . '' 
 i did n't want to say anything at first but i gave in . 
 `` it 's the woman i told you about . '' 
 i replied . 
 `` her ! '' 
 she said surprised and took her eyes off the road . 
 `` kate the road ! '' 
 i reminded her and she snapped back to reality . 
 `` sorry , but when you said about a woman talking to you , i thought it would be a middle age woman or something , but not a supermodel . '' 
 she said . 
 `` yeah she does look all dolled up . '' 
 i said . 
 `` dolled up is n't the word , did you see that dress ? 
 must have cost a fortune . '' 
 `` yeah it does look expensive . '' 
 i said blandly . 
 `` right , phone your dad , tell him you 're with me for the afternoon . '' 
 kate said . 
 `` really ? '' 
 i said with excitement . 
 i took my phone out and found the number straight away , i held the phone to my ear , and he picked up within a few rings . 
 `` hi dad , i 'm going to be with kate for the afternoon , is that okay ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i could hear him thinking it over . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 `` we 're just going to hang out that 's all . '' 
 `` all right but make sure your not home too late , have fun . '' 
 he hung up . 
 `` he said yes . '' 
 i said . 
 `` i have a good brother , '' kate said happily . 
 `` right i 'm starving , let 's go get a burger . '' 
 come to think of it , i hardly ate anything for lunch and the thought of a burger did make me hungry . 
 kate continued down the road and took a left and then a right turn . 
 i gazed out of the window . 
 everything flew passed like a blur as we passed different street and carried on down the road . 
 kate slowed down and turned into the drive through . 
 there was another car ahead of us waiting to be served . 
 i could see kids jumping up and down in the car with excitement . 
 `` what do you want ellie , my treat . '' 
 kate asked . 
 it did n't take me long to think what i wanted . 
 `` cheese burger , large fries , and strawberry milkshake . 
 please . '' 
 i asked . 
 `` what no ice cream ? '' 
 kate laughed as we pulled up to the window . 
 she gave the order to the woman and added two ice creams and paid cash . 
 `` did you just order ice cream as well ? '' 
 i asked . 
 kate gave a devilish smile . 
 kate moved the car forward and grabbed the hot bag of food . 
 it smelled so good that i hurried and took the bag out of her hands . 
 kate asked for some sauce and attendant gave her a handful . 
 she parked the car around the corner and we ate our food while listening to the radio . 
 i ripped off the paper covering my burger and took a forceful bite . 
 it tasted so good , and i even dipped a few fries into the milkshake . 
 -lrb- even though it 's bad for you , but i needed the comfort food . -rrb- 
 `` so what 's going on in school then ? '' 
 kate asked while putting hot fries into her mouth . 
 i knew this question would be coming up sooner or later . 
 `` it 's okay , just the same . '' 
 i replied . 
 `` is that all , how 's becky and lilly i have n't seen them in a while ? '' 
 kate said . 
 `` yeah they 're good , we have our ups and downs , but i do n't think i would be able to face school without them . '' 
 i answered . 
 `` oh ? 
 why 's that then ? '' 
 kate asked . 
 she knew the answer already , but she wanted to talk about it . 
 `` just that school is sometimes hard for me , that 's all , i do n't have many friends in school and sometimes i 'm on my own . '' 
 i said while taking another bite . 
 `` it gets better , trust me when your older school may seem a million miles away . '' 
 `` kate , why are you really here ? '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 kate looked bewildered . 
 i stared at her . 
 `` fine , '' she broke . 
 `` your dad is worried about you ellie . 
 you 're behavior is scaring him . '' 
 `` i did n't know that . '' 
 hearing kate 's confession made me feel guilty . 
 the burger started to taste foul in my mouth . 
 `` he told me , he found you on the floor the other night . 
 he thought you were dead . '' 
 kate said . 
 `` you know how he worries . '' 
 i drank from my milkshake . 
 the coldness spiked throughout my head giving me bad brain freeze . 
 `` there 's nothing wrong with me . 
 i 'm fine '' i said as i rubbed my forehead . 
 `` i 'm not saying there is , but if you need to tell us anything you can , ok ? '' 
 kate said . 
 did they think i was on drugs or something , well who can blame them when they find me curled up on the floor screaming . 
 `` ok let 's change the subject , are there any boys you like ? '' 
 kate asked . 
 it was relieved when kate finally changed the subject , but this was another subject i was no good at . 
 `` no not really , i 'm kinda ' invisible to them , but becky 's the one that has the attention . '' 
 i said . 
 `` does it bother you ? '' 
 she asked . 
 for a moment i thought , it was a weird question to ask . 
 i was never really jealous of becky , but sometimes , i 'd wish i had her confidence to just go for it but that was n't me at all . 
 i brushed off the self doubts and answered her question . 
 `` no not really . '' 
 i answered . 
 i took the last handful of fries , dipped them into the sauce and shoved them into my mouth . 
 kate handed me one of the ice creams and i began to eat at it slowly . 
 dad really brought in the big guns in with kate . 
 he knew she could get me to talk . 
 that 's kinda ' low for dad , but i could understand where he was coming from . 
 i know he 's just looking out for me . 
 i 'll have to have a proper talk with him soon . 
 now it was my turn to question kate . 
 `` so how goes the dating then ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` not good to be honest , '' she replied . 
 `` looks like we 're in the same boat . '' 
 she laughed . 
 it was nice to hear kate laugh for once . 
 kate might put up a front of a strong woman that lets nothing gets to her , but i do worry for her sometimes . 
 `` what about work ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yeah it 's fine , very busy i do n't have time to sit down . 
 there are more patients coming in everyday and there 's talk about shutting down a ward as well , which people wo n't be happy about that . '' 
 kate works as a nurse at the local hospital . 
 she 's really good at her job , always there when someone needs help . 
 some of the nurses at that hospital do n't give a crap . 
 no bedside manner at all . 
 i was having my appendix out at the local hospital and i remember one of the nurses . 
 she was a large stumpy woman with a face that could scare any child . 
 this horrifying woman was having difficulty finding a vain in this poor woman 's arm . 
 i could tell the woman was in pain but the nurse did not care and told the poor woman to shut up . 
 how can any nurse act like that , it was horrible to watch . 
 luckily kate was on the same ward and saw how she was butchering this poor woman 's arm and took over and she did it in seconds . 
 `` you finished ? '' 
 kate asked . 
 it took me a moment to finally respond to her . 
 i looked down and saw that i was just playing with the half melted ice cream . 
 i stared down into the creamy pot , as if it contained an answer to all my problems . 
 it did n't . 
 `` yeah , sorry . '' 
 i said as i passed her the ice cream and the other rubbish to her . 
 as i did our hands touched and i felt my stomach turn . 
 fearing the worst , i knew what would happen . 
 i watched her face closely for the rapid change in her personality , fearing the animalistic lust that i could inflict onto people . 
 a few seconds past , and nothing happened . 
 `` are you going to let go ? '' 
 kate asked . 
 i sat there with my hands gripped onto kate 's hands , nothing at all . 
 releasing my grip , i touched her upper arm . 
 again i waited for her to change . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 kate confusedly asked . 
 i took my hands off kate with surprise . 
 `` just seeing if you 're cold that 's all . '' 
 i lied . 
 kate threw a puzzled look my way and left the car . 
 i watched her walk to the outside bin . 
 what the hell ? 
 had my curse somehow disappeared ? 
 no , i do n't think it 's that easy . 
 but it works on others . 
 something was n't right here . 
 anyone who touched me went crazy , but not her . 
 kate jumped back into the car and wiped her hands with a napkin . 
 `` i think i overdid it . '' 
 she said while rubbing her stomach . 
 kate put the key into the car and it roared to life . 
 she pulled out of the car park and turned down the same road we came from . 
 the drive home was quite fast and not a word was said . 
 i must have freaked kate out . 
 i thought . 
 she parked the car right outside the house , i was about to get out the car when kate tugged at my school blazer . 
 i turned to face her and she had a worried look on her face . 
 `` please look after yourself and you 're dad . '' 
 she politely asked . 
 why was everyone freaking out over me ? 
 kate brushed some hair from my forehead and kissed it gently . 
 the kiss was warm and loving . 
 we both stepped out of the car and entered the house to see my dad sitting on the sofa with what looked like a hot cup of tea . 
 `` did you have fun girls ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i think she did , ellie did pig out though . '' 
 laughed kate . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 i said . 
 kate gave me a playful nudge . 
 `` you 're the one who ordered the ice cream , not me . '' 
 `` yeah , yeah . 
 anyway i 'm off '' she said jingling her keys . 
 kate came over and gave me another kiss and a big hug . 
 before kate left the house she turned and gave me a wink and then she was gone . 
 `` so what did you girls talk about then ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i knew he was asking for me to spill all but there was nothing to tell really . 
 `` i thought you would have waited a while , before asking , '' i said . 
 `` but nothing really , just girl talk . '' 
 i climbed the stairs and changed into my lazy clothes . 
 `` ah that 's feels better . '' 
 i said aloud . 
 i decided to join my dad downstairs to watch tv , he held out a freshly made hot cup of tea . 
 taking the mug off him , i settled down in the comfy arm chair . 
 slowly i sipped the tea hoping not to burn my mouth . 
 dad sat on the sofa next to me and we both watched tv together . 
 nothing really good was on at the late afternoon . 
 i liked it when all the dramas came on at night , but some of them were kinda ' gruesome . 
 i took another sip and felt the warmth soothing tea hit my stomach . 
 `` so how 's work dad ? '' 
 i failed at small talk . 
 he laughed softly . 
 `` it 's not bad but it 's a bit tiring . '' 
 when he said that , i then noticed the dark circles forming under his eyes . 
 was i adding to his tiredness ? 
 i know he worries about me but wish i could make him relax more about things . 
 `` dad , you do n't have to stress about me you know . '' 
 i blurted out . 
 he looked surprised . 
 `` where did that come from ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` well we have been talking , and the way kate says it , it sounds like you are worried about me . 
 is that true ? '' 
 i had to ask him about it . 
 it was a few seconds before he spoke . 
 he rubbed his face and leaned forward as if to tell me something serious . 
 -lrb- uh oh -rrb- `` ellie you are my daughter i will always worry about you , it 's my job . '' 
 he took a deep breath . 
 `` when you where a child , some people acted very weird to you . '' 
 he paused for a moment . 
 `` i did n't want to tell you this but , you were kidnapped when you were a child . 
 someone who worked at the school you used to go to . '' 
 my eyes shot open , i had no memory of this . 
 he shifted towards me and gently took my hands . 
 i wanted to run away from him , wanted to flinch away but i stared into his eyes , waiting for the madness to start . 
 like kate , nothing happened . 
 there was no madness in his eyes , no indication to attack me . 
 i did n't pull my hands away . 
 i continued to listen to his every word while watching his eyes . 
 `` when you were taken from me , i thought i lost you ellie , with your mum gone as well i think i would have gone crazy , but it was with kate 's help . 
 it was a teacher at your school who spotted you with the man , luckily he did n't get far . 
 he was clearly crazy but after the police was called , i got you back safely . '' 
 he gave a huge sigh . 
 `` that is why i worry ellie . 
 sometimes i think it 's going to happen again . '' 
 `` what happened to the man who took me ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` they took him away but i do n't know what happened to him in the end , they did n't tell me . '' 
 he said . 
 `` what do you mean they ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` the police , '' he replied . 
 `` i we were so relieved to have you back . '' 
 `` after that , we moved and people took a liking to you very quickly , and i thought it would happen again so we moved around a lot . '' 
 his grip on my hand tightened . 
 `` i just want you safe ellie , you are my world , and i would do anything to protect you . '' 
 i could feel my eyes watering up . 
 `` dad , '' i firmly said . 
 `` i wo n't let anything happen to me . '' 
 i gave a teary smile . 
 i almost forgot to tell him about that woman , but would telling him just add to more worry ? 
 i decided to tell him . 
 `` uh dad , '' i paused . 
 `` i saw that woman again today . '' 
 he pulled his hands away from mine and i wished he had n't . 
 he sat upright and was about to say something but i blurted out . 
 `` she said she 's a friend of mum 's . '' 
 hoping it was the right thing to say . 
 he had a stern look on his face that frightened me a little . 
 `` what do you mean she a friend of your mother 's , is this some sort of sick joke ? '' 
 he was getting mad . 
 i could see his fury building up . 
 `` s-she said that her name was r-rhea . '' 
 i stuttered . 
 `` see ellie there are people out there who want to harm you . '' 
 he said thrusting his finger to the door . 
 `` dad , please calm down . '' 
 i pleaded . 
 he started to pace back and forth , mumbling under his breath . 
 he started to scare me , he hardly got mad and now he was rambling . 
 i should have never said anything at all . 
 `` dad ! '' 
 i shouted . 
 quickly he turned to face me . 
 his anger faded . 
 he could see how scared i was , and he dropped down and hugged me tightly . 
 i started to cry again while he clutched me . 
 everything that i had tried to push down came rushing up to the surface , the name calling , the bullying , the stalker and her sick games and even the loneliness . 
 i tried to bottle it back up but it exploded and waves of tears fell down my face . 
 i could n't catch my breath . 
 `` i 'm sorry ellie . '' 
 he said . 
 i pulled away from him with my head down . 
 i did n't want him to see me with my face all red and puffy . 
 he lifted up my head and wiped my tears away . 
 i calmed myself down and tried to get my breathing under control . 
 slowly i stood up and went into the kitchen . 
 i poured myself a cup of water and drank it down in one gulp . 
 the cold water was nice and refreshing , i placed the empty glass to my flushed cheeks , feeling the sharp coldness of the glass against my skin . 
 my dad walked into the kitchen without saying a word . 
 `` i bet i look like a right state ? '' 
 i tried to laugh . 
 he stayed silent . 
 outside the kitchen window , the sun was setting , turning the sky a dark orange . 
 it was getting late and i wanted to go to bed badly . 
 `` i think i want an early night . '' 
 i said while still staring out the window . 
 he nodded . 
 `` yeah it is getting a bit late . 
 goodnight ellie . '' 
 he gave me a gentle kiss on the forehead . 
 my tired legs climbed the stairs , and as soon as i opened my door , dad called from downstairs . 
 `` kate 's taking you to school again tomorrow . '' 
 he said . 
 i gave an eye roll and threw myself onto the bed with a flop . 
 i could n't be asked to stand up and take my clothes off , so i awkwardly fought against my pajamas bottoms and threw them across the room , missing the basket by an inch . 
 i clutched onto my pillow and brought my fluffy blanket around me . 
 my mind got me thinking , dad touched me on my hands . 
 he did n't go crazy , like kate . 
 what was going on ? 
 for the first time i was too tired to continue that train of thought and for once sleep came easily to me . 
 i awoke to a buzzing alarm clock . 
 i lifted my tired eyes . 
 it seemed as if i just got into bed . 
 i wanted to throw that damn alarm clock across the room . 
 `` better get up then . '' 
 i said out loud hoping it would jolt me out of bed . 
 i pushed back the covers and slowly stretched my tired muscles . 
 i threw off all my clothes and groggily jumped into my shower and pushed the button for the hot water . 
 i stood back for the water to get warm , not wanting to get hit by freezing cold water . 
 the warm water hit my skin and i felt my body slowly awakening . 
 i reached out for my strawberry body wash , when , i noticed it was n't there . 
 then i knew dad had been in my shower and stolen it . 
 i settled for my vanilla one instead . 
 quickly , i showered and dried and brushed my hair . 
 today i decided to have my hair loose since it was natural curly . 
 downstairs i could smell something cooking . 
 `` i hope its pancakes . '' 
 i said as i pulled my skirt on . 
 i hurried down to be greeted by the mouth drooling smell . 
 in the kitchen , sitting on the table were the pancakes covered with lots of syrup . 
 dad stood at the cooker , trying to flip some very odd shaped pancakes , hoping they did n't go on the floor , -lrb- like last time -rrb- . 
 i sat down at the kitchen and took the knife and fork beside me . 
 `` moring dad . '' 
 i said . 
 `` oh yeah , have you been using my strawberry scrub ? '' 
 i raised a playful eyebrow . 
 he took a while to answer . 
 `` it just smells so good that 's all . '' 
 he laughed . 
 he placed more pancakes in front of me and placed the syrup bottle onto the table . 
 my eyes lit up as more piled onto my plate . 
 it did n't take me long to finish , when i noticed that dad was n't eating . 
 `` why mot meeting ? '' 
 i said with my last mouthful of pancake . 
 `` say that again in english ? '' 
 he chuckled . 
 i swallowed a mouthful and repeated . 
 `` why are you not eating ? '' 
 `` i have to go into work early and i wanted to see you off to school . '' 
 he said . 
 `` fine . '' 
 i mumbled . 
 dad was sipping his hot beverage while i was demolishing my pancakes . 
 when i finished dad took my plate and i said my thanks . 
 i grabbed my bag from the living room and heard the horn from kate 's car . 
 throwing my hand up , i gave my dad a wave and left the house . 
 not before i made sure my face was clean from breakfast . 
 kate was parked outside blasting some music , and i swore that i could see the car bounce up and down . 
 i ran to the passenger side of the car and let myself in . 
 kate greeted me with the biggest smile . 
 `` you 're in a very good mood today . '' 
 i said struggling over the music . 
 kate turned down the booming music . 
 `` sorry ellie . 
 yeah you could say i 'm in a good mood . '' 
 she winked . 
 i smiled at her . 
 i was happy when kate was happy . 
 sadly , not many good things happen to kate , and seeing her like this put me in a good mood . 
 we pulled away from the house and drove down the street . 
 `` so what 's got you in a good mood then ? '' 
 i waited for her answer . 
 `` well , this guy phoned me up last night and asked me if i wanted to go out . '' 
 `` really ? 
 that 's great , so what 's he like then ? 
 is he up to your standards ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 `` he 's great , funny and kind . 
 he works with me down at the hospital . '' 
 kate replied . 
 `` i 'm happy for you kate . 
 hope it works out . '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` we are meeting up this saturday for a drin - '' before kate could say anymore , something smashed into the side of the car , throwing us across the road with deadly force . 
 the windows exploded , sending shards of glass flying across my face , slashing at my skin . 
 the car skidded across the road and i tried to hold on to anything thing that i could find . 
 the car lost its grip and flipped over . 
 pain rippled throughout my body as the car rolled through the air , throwing my body from side to side . 
 my head slammed against the window making my vision blurry and dark , until the car finally landed on its roof with a loud ear shattering crash . 
 chapter five my eyes flickered open to see i was hanging upside down , still bucked into the seatbelt . 
 both of my arms were dangling in the air . 
 something wet slid down my face . 
 i brushed it away , and then i realized it was blood . 
 the scarlet color substance was thick on my fingers . 
 my head was heavy , my vision started to get worse . 
 before i could try and stay awake i blacked out . 
 opening my eyes was painful . 
 my head started to pound away with my heartbeat . 
 i could hear many random voices talking loudly around me with sharp painful noises . 
 i ignored them while they shined their harsh bright light into my eyes . 
 my entire body screamed out in agony , i could not move , nor did i want to . 
 i was wheeled away from what looked like a crash and into what i hoped was an ambulance . 
 in my sight , was the accident that caused my harmful injures . 
 the car had flipped onto its roof with all the windows smashed out , the car was completely battered and at the side there was another car , most of the front was gone . 
 pieces of the cars window littered the floor like tiny diamonds . 
 kate 's car was completely destroyed . 
 `` kate ! '' 
 i tried to scream . 
 before i could try again i heard a kind and gentle voice calling to me . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 `` e-ellie . '' 
 i stuttered . 
 my face began to throb with pain . 
 i fought against it . 
 `` is kate ok ? '' 
 i winced . 
 `` is that her name ? 
 she is being cared for as we speak , '' he answered . 
 `` you had a very nasty accident ellie . '' 
 i felt really tired all of a sudden . 
 i wanted to close my heavy eyes but the man hovering over me told me not to . 
 everything was harsh around me . 
 all the noises were loud and painful , the visuals were blurry and i could just make out the man in front of me . 
 i just wanted to sleep . 
 with my failing vision , i could see , what looked like a hand coming towards me . 
 please do n't touch me . 
 i thought he placed a gentle hand to my face . 
 i waited for him to change ; i prayed in my mind that he would n't turn . 
 then i noticed that he was wearing thick gloves . 
 a huge relief washed over me when he remained calm . 
 i was about to say my thanks when everything went dark . 
 i tried to open my eyes slowly . 
 i winced from the bright light around me . 
 my head began to pound in sync with my heartbeat . 
 my skull felt like it was about to explode . 
 i brought up my hand to shield my eyes from the light , when something was tugging from my hand . 
 i looked down and saw a clip clamped onto my finger along with an iv drip inserted into the back of my hand . 
 just staring at it made me feel weak , immediately i looked away and ignored it . 
 my eyes were now in focus to the rooms light . 
 i was in what looked like a hospital . 
 it was a private room that was used only for special circumstances . 
 the room had white bright walls that reflected the harsh horrible light , the floor was what looked like cheep hospital lino , and next to my bed was an iv stand and on the other side was a heart rate monitor . 
 looking over at the corner , slumped down in a chair was my dad snoring away . 
 he looked like he 'd been here a while , his face had a stubble growing . 
 everything came flooding back to me . 
 the crash played over in my mind it was like i was reliving the horror all over again . 
 `` kate !? '' 
 i yelled . 
 i tried to pull the covers away from me ; the sheets felt as if someone had woven steel into thick wool . 
 i had no energy but i had to see kate . 
 i slipped off the finger clip with ease , now i just needed to sum up the courage to rip the iv out . 
 `` one , two , three ! '' 
 i pulled the needle out with a sharp pain , placing my hand over the mark to stop any bleeding . 
 sliding to one side , i tried to get out of the bed . 
 both legs felt like jelly . 
 i tried to steady my balance but i fell to my knees . 
 `` crap ! '' 
 i cried . 
 `` i need to see kate . '' 
 forcing myself up on the edge of the bed , i noticed someone standing by the door . 
 my view was blocked by the hospital bed . 
 i looked over and saw that it was that woman again . 
 her high heels clicking as she walked towards me . 
 my first instincts were to quickly wake my dad . 
 i dragged myself towards him and started shaking and tugging at him . 
 `` dad it 's that woman , she 's here . 
 wake up ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 `` i 'm sure your father is very tired ellie , he needs his rest . 
 he 's been watching over you for a few days . '' 
 she said . 
 `` what have you done to him ?! '' 
 i yelled . 
 `` i think it 's better if we have some privacy . '' 
 rhea gave a heartwarming smile . 
 that smile did n't convince me at all . 
 i had a feeling that this woman was bad news . 
 i struggled to stand and grabbed hold of the bed to steady myself , rhea held her hand for support . 
 `` do n't touch me . '' 
 i said through gritted teeth . 
 rhea grabbed my uninjured hand and i saw her eyes light up . 
 i tried to pull away but she had a strong grip . 
 my heartbeat quickened as if someone just shot me full of adrenaline . 
 i could feel rhea 's heart slowly beating to its own tune . 
 `` what power you have ellie . '' 
 she said with a smile . 
 i snatched back my hand holding it to my chest . 
 why did n't she go crazy , she was n't wearing any gloves ? 
 `` i 'm sorry ellie but i had to know . '' 
 said rhea . 
 `` what 's happening to me ? 
 where 's kate ? 
 is she ok ? '' 
 one after the other question began to flow freely . 
 i needed answers . 
 `` ellie , please sit . '' 
 she gestured towards the bed . 
 at that moment , the words that passed her full lips were going to be bad news . 
 i settled down onto the bed waiting for her words . 
 `` ellie . '' 
 she said my name with such sadness . 
 `` i 'm so sorry but your aunt kate has died . '' 
 her words hit me like a brick wall . 
 no , i must have heard it wrong but the look on her face , it seemed sincere . 
 she carried on talking . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , and you 've been in a coma for three days . '' 
 `` no , please not kate , please . 
 please tell me this is a dream . '' 
 i cried . 
 my hands started shaking . 
 my eyes burned with tears . 
 rhea came and sat down on the bed but she stayed her distance . 
 `` you 're lying . 
 why are you lying ? 
 this is your fault ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 `` i 'm sorry ellie but it 's the truth , i would not do anything to harm you . '' 
 she said . 
 rhea got up from the bed and looked back towards me `` take care ellie . '' 
 as soon as the door closed behind her the atmosphere in the room changed . 
 `` dad . '' 
 i cried . 
 he shot up from his uncomfortable chair and saw me crying . 
 `` is kate . . ? '' 
 i could n't finish my words but he knew what i was going to say . 
 he hesitated for a moment . 
 `` kate died ellie . '' 
 he said grimly . 
 i cried into his chest while he held me , my sobs began to grow louder and uncontrolled . 
 my lungs hurt with every breath i took . 
 my eyes burned from the many tears i cried . 
 dad started to hug me tighter , i was in physical pain hurt but i needed him to hold me . 
 `` h-how did she . . ? '' 
 he cut me off . 
 `` it was a really bad accident ellie , you 're lucky to be alive . 
 a truck smashed in to kate 's - . '' 
 he choked on his own words . 
 `` i 'm sorry dad . '' 
 i sniffled . 
 he looked confused . 
 `` what are you - '' he quickly stopped . 
 `` this was n't you 're fault ellie . '' 
 he said . 
 `` if kate had n't been taking me to school she would still be . . '' 
 my mouth could not form the words i needed . 
 it was almost as if i did n't believe it , but , deep down it was true . 
 kate had died . 
 `` do not say that ellie , it was just an accident . '' 
 he held me tightly again . 
 something inside me wanted to push my dad away and scream . 
 i killed kate it was my fault , my fault that she was driving , mine , my fault . 
 `` it 's my fault , mine , that 's she dead ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 my dad tried to calm me down but the rage inside me grew . 
 `` it 's my fault . 
 i have to see her , kate ! '' 
 i screamed with a cracked voice . 
 at that moment doctors and nurses swarmed into the room and pinned me to the bed with gloved hands . 
 they called for me to calm down . 
 i wriggled and fought against them on the bed . 
 one of them pulled out a needle . 
 i could feel my heart thumping throughout my entire body . 
 closer the needle drew towards me . 
 as i struggled , the tighter they held me down . 
 `` no do n't '' i screamed . 
 `` dad tell them . 
 please ! '' 
 i looked at him . 
 his face was full of shock . 
 closer the needle came towards my bare naked skin . 
 i could n't stand it anymore . 
 i fought against the many hands forcing me down . 
 the nurse injected the needle into my skin . 
 something inside me snapped . 
 i let out an otherworldly scream that exploded around me . 
 the doctors and nurses flew against the wall , and the windows shattered , showering everyone with glass . 
 the floor cracked around me and the entire room began to shake with force . 
 everything around me slowed to a crawl and i saw everyone 's stunned faces . 
 my dad 's face was full of horror as if his nightmares had come to life . 
 the room around faded and i felt the effects of the sedative as the soft bed caught my fall . 
 chapter six my head was foggy as i walked barefooted along a road still in my hospital gown . 
 i looked around , everything was fog , and nothing was visible , except the long dark road that lay before me . 
 pieces of metal scattered to the ground as i walked through the wreckage of a car crash . 
 `` hello ! '' 
 i shouted out into the darkness . 
 `` did i sleep walk out of the hospital ? 
 there 's no way . '' 
 `` ellie . '' 
 whispered an all knowing voice into my ear . 
 i spun around to find no one . 
 `` ellie . '' 
 it spoke again . 
 this time the voice was calling from down the road , closer and closer i walked towards the familiar voice . 
 in the middle of the road , there was a figure lying with its back to me . 
 next to unknown body was the destroyed car that i knew very well . 
 i quickly ran towards the body with teary eyes , it was her . 
 i knelt onto the hard asphalt road . 
 slowly , i peered at kate . 
 she was lying lifeless on the road . 
 her face was all bloodied , and her eyes staring into nothingness . 
 it was my worst nightmare , and i was living it . 
 `` kate ! '' 
 i screamed `` please wake up kate , its ellie . '' 
 i started to cradle kate still body . 
 please tell me this is a dream . 
 `` i want to wake up ! '' 
 i cried . 
 i brushed some matted hair from her face and closed her eyes . 
 i lowered down and planted a kiss onto her forehead . 
 one of my tears fell onto kate 's cheek . 
 hoping , like in fairytales , a tear would wake her up , but this was n't a fairytale , this was real . 
 slowly i opened my heavy eyes . 
 i was drenched in sweat . 
 looking around , i saw the room broken and destroyed . 
 the floor around me was covered in cracks and the windows had been broken . 
 did an earthquake happen ? 
 i tilted my heavy head towards the chair . 
 dad was resting . 
 from now on i would need to be there for him . 
 i 'll take care of him kate i thought . 
 i pushed the hospital blankets back and got to my feet . 
 the floor looked as if it had been smashed attacked with hammers . 
 what the hell had happened ? 
 i gently touched his shoulder . 
 he opened his eyes . 
 `` you should be in bed ellie . '' 
 he said with worry . 
 he placed a gentle hand to my face . 
 `` i 'm fine now dad , '' i lied . 
 `` and what happened to the room ? '' 
 `` they say it was a mini earthquake , but never have i experienced that before . '' 
 he said . 
 he helped me over to the bed and sat down beside me . 
 his face got all serious . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 i asked with a dry mouth . 
 `` ellie it 's . '' 
 he cut himself off . 
 his face deepened with worry . 
 there was more horrible news on its way . 
 `` the doctors said they are worried about your brain , '' he said . 
 `` when you were sleeping , they did n't think you would wake up . '' 
 `` but i feel fine now , '' i said . 
 `` well apart from my injuries . '' 
 `` i 'll just got get a doctor quick . '' 
 he ran off out the room like a shot . 
 i got back into bed to wait for his return . 
 i felt ok-ish ' , i did n't want people fussing over me . 
 i just wanted to go home . 
 dad came back with a young male doctor . 
 as soon as he came into the room , he pulled a stethoscope from around his neck and leaned in . 
 i gave a small jolt when the cold metal touched my skin . 
 the young doctor gave a little chuckle and warmed up his equipment . 
 i noticed he had the bluest eye 's i 've had ever seen in my life . 
 he had thick light brown hair that i just wanted to run my fingers through and it smelled amazing . 
 for a second i was engrossed in him . 
 `` what happened in here then ? '' 
 the doctor asked . 
 `` they said it was an earthquake . '' 
 my dad mumbled . 
 i quickly snapped out of it when the good looking doctor took a step back . 
 he replaced the stethoscope around his neck . 
 `` sounds all good as far i can tell . '' 
 he said . 
 he smiled showing a perfect set of white teeth that kinda ' sparkled . 
 -lrb- i must have imagined that part -rrb- he picked up my chart and studied it with eagle eyes . 
 `` it looks like your due to have a mri scan . '' 
 he said and he ran his hand through his thick locks . 
 i did not like the sound of that at all . 
 he saw my hesitation straight away . 
 `` do n't worry ellie , it like having photos taken of your brain , no needles at all . '' 
 he said . 
 i swore this guy just walked out of a jane austin novel , all he needed was a wet shirt and that would be it . 
 -lrb- but i would n't say no to that -rrb- . 
 he placed the chart back down and left . 
 he immediately came back into the room and said . 
 `` oh yeah , my names dr logan moss . '' 
 he then left again before my dad could say his thanks . 
 `` so a little bit of good news then ? '' 
 i said but as soon as i said it i felt the knot of guilt hit my stomach . 
 he just nodded . 
 `` i just want you home ellie , that 's all . '' 
 he tried to smile but it fell apart . 
 i breathed a deep sigh but knew it was a bad idea as pain struck through me . 
 `` ouch . '' 
 i said through gritted teeth . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 dad asked . 
 he got up to see to me but i waved him off . 
 `` just need to take my time . '' 
 i replied while rubbing my side . 
 i wanted to ask about what 's going to happen to kate ? 
 what about the funeral ? 
 kate only had my dad and me . 
 both of their parents were long dead -lrb- sadly i never really knew my grandparents -rrb- . 
 what about the money for the funeral ? 
 these questions were going to need answers , but for now i needed to rid my mind of those annoying doubts and focus on getting my dad through this and myself as well . 
 the mri scan was easy . 
 i just had to lie down in a massive machine and wait while they looked at my brain . 
 thank god there were no needles involved , but the machine did make very loud noises , so they gave me headphones to listen to , -lrb- the choice of music was poor , but it beats listening to a loud noisy machine -rrb- . 
 i was wheeled back to my room by a lovely african woman named bella . 
 she told me all sorts of story 's to try to lift my mood , they were about some of the patients who came here , some were funny some were kinda ' gross . 
 there was one about a man came in claiming that he fell onto a carrot and , well you get the picture . 
 -lrb- yuck -rrb- . 
 bella had a laugh that could lift anyone from the darkest of moods . 
 `` here we go . '' 
 she said pressing the brakes . 
 my body was still weak , but i pushed myself up from the wheelchair . 
 bella stood next to me for support . 
 i shuffled towards the bed and pulled the sheets right up to my chin . 
 `` looks like you 'll be leaving me soon . '' 
 she said . 
 `` yeah looks like it , i just want to go home , back to my bed . '' 
 i replied . 
 `` yep , there 's nothing like your own bed . '' 
 bella chuckled . 
 i loved it when she laughed and found myself smiling . 
 my happy smile faded within seconds . 
 i felt the guilt rise in my stomach like bile . 
 i had no right to smile . 
 `` hey . '' 
 she said . 
 `` where 's that smile gone ? '' 
 `` sorry it 's just that i should n't feel happy right now . '' 
 i sadly said . 
 `` come on now ellie , what happened was an accident . 
 and if your aunt was alive she would n't want you feeling like this would she ? '' 
 the african woman said . 
 `` no she would n't . '' 
 i muttered . 
 `` anyway the doctor will be round any minute to see you . '' 
 bella said . 
 `` you mean the one with the bluest eyes . '' 
 i asked . 
 my face felt flushed just thinking about him . 
 both of her eyebrows shot up . 
 `` ah so you noticed have you ? '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` yes he sure does get a lot of attention around here . 
 maybe that 's to your taste , but not for me sweetie . 
 i like em ' rugged . '' 
 she left the room with a laugh that bellowed down the hall . 
 lovely woman i thought . 
 at that moment dad entered the room . 
 he had a sliver of a smile on his lips ; i bet that he 'd just met bella . 
 `` she 's quite the character is n't she ? '' 
 he said pointing . 
 `` yeah , she is . 
 i like her . '' 
 i said , as my dad sat down . 
 `` how you feeling ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i 'm okay , just tired and weak that 's all . 
 i just want my own bed and fluffy pillows . '' 
 `` soon , just need to wait a little longer that 's all . '' 
 he kissed me gently onto my forehead . 
 just then the doctor came into the room holding a file along with those deep blue sea eyes of his . 
 he came in with a cute smile on his lips . 
 -lrb- good news i hope -rrb- `` ellie . '' 
 he said with a voice with such authority . 
 `` i 've got good news , there 's no major damage done to the brain . '' 
 i breathed a sigh of relief . 
 `` so when can i go home . '' 
 i asked quickly . 
 `` not long just need your father here to sign a few things and that 's it . '' 
 the doctor said . 
 `` can he do it now then ? 
 i really want to go home . '' 
 i pleaded . 
 `` if you just follow me we can get them done quickly . '' 
 he told him . 
 he got up and followed the doctor out of the room . 
 while no one was around , i decided to get dressed . 
 i wanted to get out of the horrible hospital gown i was wearing . 
 it opened in the back showing my knickers . 
 i opened one of the bags that dad brought me . 
 inside were clean set of clothes that i could changed into . 
 i quickly changed into a loose fitting top and a pair of jeans that had a rip on one side of the leg -lrb- i did n't want to throw them away -rrb- , i buttoned up my jeans with ease and placed on my raggedy shoes . 
 `` really need to buy new ones . '' 
 i said to an empty room . 
 i looked up from my battered , so called shoes and saw my dad enter . 
 `` looks like we can go home . '' 
 he said . 
 i gave a slight smile to hear good news . 
 i was about to sit myself down into the chair but i decided to walk instead , give my poor injured muscles a little stretch . 
 dad was first to leave . 
 i took a few slow steps towards the door , but i turned back to see my broken down room . 
 that was no earthquake . 
 did i do that ? 
 chapter seven i slowly shuffled down the hospital hall clinging onto my dad 's arm . 
 behind the nurse 's station , dr. moss and bella were talking amongst themselves . 
 i gave a weak wave and they both smiled and waved back . 
 hopefully this will be the last time i come to a hospital . 
 dad unlocked the car door with a soft clunk . 
 he ran around to me and gently lowered me into the passenger seat with a bit of difficulty . 
 the horrible crash flooded back onto my memories , being in the car felt like i was reliving it again . 
 i just stared blindly in front of me and i snatched out to grab onto my dad 's hand before he walked away . 
 `` we 'll take it slow , okay . '' 
 he said . 
 i pulled the seatbelt over me and plugged it in . 
 i slowly said . 
 `` maybe getting into the car is wrong . '' 
 he quickly ran around and jumped into the driver 's seat . 
 i swallowed hard . 
 he started the car and it gave a little roar which startled me . 
 i gripped the sides of the seat and dug my nails in and waited for the horror to start again . 
 he pulled away from the curb and drove at medium speed . 
 i closed my eyes hoping that the drive would be over all ready . 
 i kept on replaying the same scene inside my head , the moment when we were hit . 
 i remembered my body being thrown around like a rag doll . 
 i squeezed my eyes tighter hoping to wash the image from my mind . 
 over and over it played the horrible scene until all was left was kate 's battered car . 
 then my mind took me back to the dream i had . 
 kate 's body lying in the middle of the road , all alone . 
 i did n't want to see that anymore . 
 i shook my head to rid myself of the horrid image . 
 `` ellie . '' 
 a voice whispered . 
 my eyes shot open to see my dad looking down . 
 `` where 're home now . '' 
 he said . 
 i looked around . 
 we were parked outside the house . 
 i just wanted to run upstairs to my bed and stay there forever . 
 i threw the seatbelt off and walked towards the house while dad watched every move i made . 
 he opened the door and waited while i slowly crossed over into our home . 
 `` shall i go make us a cup of tea ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i wanted to agree but could not get the words out . 
 he walked off towards the kitchen and i just stood there in the hall , alone . 
 everything felt so awkward , even being at home , it felt wrong for me to be here , like i do n't deserve to come home . 
 i walked into the living room and tried to sit , but i felt anxious like something bad was about to happen . 
 i just could n't shake the feeling . 
 i got up and started pacing around the room . 
 i just could n't sit still . 
 my body felt wrong , i did n't know what to do with myself . 
 my stomach felt uneasy . 
 i took off upstairs covering my mouth . 
 leaning over the toilet , i threw up a yellowish green liquid , coughing and spluttered into the toilet bowl . 
 my mouth tasted awful . 
 i rinsed my mouth with some water to get rid of the awful taste . 
 my legs slowly eased onto the cold bathroom floor . 
 i reached out and pulled the toilet handle to flush . 
 `` ellie ? '' 
 dad called from downstairs . 
 i did n't have the energy to answer back . 
 i heard footsteps and then a gentle knock on the door . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 he asked . 
 struggling to stand up , i wiped my face with a towel and opened the door to see dad 's worried face looking at me . 
 `` i 'm fine , really . '' 
 i lied . 
 `` there 's tea downstairs if you want any ? '' 
 he knew i was lying . 
 finally coming out the toilet , dad followed behind me as i struggled down the stairs . 
 i felt like a weak kitten , my body ached with pain and i wanted it to stop . 
 he held out his hand for support but i did n't need it . 
 i had to do this on my own , i did n't deserve help . 
 we both entered the kitchen and he poured the tea from the boiling kettle . 
 i took the hot mug with both hands while the heat pricked my skin . 
 we both sat down at the kitchen table , slowly drinking . 
 again it felt awkward , even just sitting here . 
 we hardly said anything to each other we just sat in silence and sipped . 
 it was getting late . 
 i drank the dregs of my cold tea and placed it in the sink . 
 `` i 'm going to have an early night . '' 
 i finally said . 
 he looked up from his stale tea and nodded . 
 i noticed that dark circles had formed around his eyes . 
 `` you could use an early night too . '' 
 he tried to give me a smile but i noticed he was drained , he been through so much . 
 i bent down and planted a kiss on his forehead . 
 `` goodnight dad , get some sleep . '' 
 i told him . 
 `` i 'm the one who should be telling you that . '' 
 he replied . 
 i left him in the kitchen and painfully pulled myself up the stairs to my bedroom . 
 i opened my bedroom door to find that the bed had new sheets and my room was tidy . 
 my grim face formed into a little smile . 
 `` thanks dad . '' 
 i changed into my lazy top and climbed into bed . 
 my bed sheets smelled so fresh not like the horrible hospital ones . 
 itchy and like cardboard . 
 a few minutes later there was a knock on my door . 
 `` come in . '' 
 i said . 
 i noticed my voice was tired . 
 dad came into the room and sat next to me on the bed . 
 he began to stroke my hair slowly . 
 it reminded of when i was a child . 
 he would always stroke my hair to send me off to sleep . 
 i just felt so safe . 
 `` do you want to go to school tomorrow ? 
 i can phone them , if you . . '' 
 i cut him off . 
 `` no i 'd rather go . 
 plus i want to see becky and lilly . '' 
 i said . 
 `` well , do you want me to drive you to school ? 
 i 'm off for a few days but i have to pop into work tomorrow . '' 
 `` no , i 'd rather walk . '' 
 i said . 
 just talking about driving made me thinks of kate . 
 `` your friends have been asking about you . '' 
 he said . 
 `` i 'll see them tomorrow anyway . '' 
 i said with a yawn . 
 he kissed me on my forehead and turned off the light as he left the room . 
 i got comfortable and pulled the soft sheets up to my neck . 
 as soon as i closed my eyes i was gone . 
 i woke up in pitch black with a gagging thirst . 
 my throat felt like it was on fire . 
 i got up from the bed . 
 my head was fuzzy and i could not hold my balance . 
 i fumbled for the light switch but could not find it . 
 my legs buckled and i fell hard onto the floor . 
 the air around me felt thick , i could n't breathe . 
 my heavy eyelids began to fall . 
 then my eyes shot open . 
 there was that smell again , that putrid horrible smell . 
 my nose and mouth burned with each breath i took . 
 the strong smell entered my lung with its poisonous odor . 
 the strong stench became unbearable . 
 i covered my mouth with my hand and tried to stand up . 
 i grabbed hold onto then bed and tried to pull myself up . 
 i stumbled my way out of my room , pulling the door open . 
 my whole body became like jelly . 
 i fell forward , losing my balance , hoping to grab onto something . 
 my whole body felt like it was filled with lead . 
 i craned my neck around to face my dad 's room . 
 my voice tried to call out but it was useless . 
 my voice had left me . 
 deep down the hall , there was something in front of my dad 's bedroom door , tall and dark . 
 no it was n't something , it was someone . 
 a large silhouette was standing in front of his bed-room door . 
 at first i thought it was him , but he would have seen and helped me . 
 this was not my father . 
 `` dad ! '' 
 i tried to shout but it came out only a whisper . 
 this was causing the horrible smell , being so close to it made me gag and my eyes water . 
 the dark silhouette came closer , until it stood towering over me . 
 i coughed as the stench surrounded me , making it hard to breathe . 
 the dark figure bent down and struck me across the face . 
 tiny black and white stars filled my blurry vision . 
 once i was dazed , the creature threw me onto his shoulders with ease and carried me off down the stairs . 
 i tried to kick and scream but it was useless i was weak , my aching muscles failed me . 
 the figures clothes were rotted and foul , he smelled of raw sewage . 
 being so close i wanted to throw up . 
 i tried to grab on to anything within reach , but its sharp claws pierced my back filling my body with pain . 
 he violently kicked the door open and the cold night air flew throughout the house sending chills up and down my spine . 
 he walked out of the house with me slumped over his shoulder . 
 i was helpless . 
 i felt light and heavy at the same time . 
 i raised my lead filled head to see my house filled with black silhouettes , they were standing on the roof and were inside looking down at me from the windows . 
 i screamed as hard as i could and i woke myself up . 
 chapter eight i found myself tangled up in the bed sheets . 
 my breathing was rapid and i was covered in damp cold sweat . 
 the clock next to me made it regular buzzing noise . 
 i slapped the off button . 
 sitting upright sat i pulled the soaking wet t-shirt off my body . 
 the sweat had made my hair tangle into a mess . 
 i jumped into my shower as soon as i could . 
 the hot running water jetted out of the shower head . 
 as the warm water flowed i had time to think . 
 these dreams are getting more and more real . 
 i thought . 
 they ca n't be real can they ? 
 maybe it 's because of everything that 's happened . 
 i thought as i let the warm water flow over me . 
 i stopped the shower and grabbed the towel and quickly dried myself . 
 i was drying my hair in the mirror when all of a sudden i felt weak , like all the energy i had just left my body at that moment . 
 `` maybe its cos ' i have n't had any breakfast yet . '' 
 i said to my reflection . 
 i continued to dry my hair with my hair dryer . 
 i looked awful ; i had many cuts on my face along with a few bruises , which were now turning a shade of yellow . 
 i walked down the stairs careful not to fall . 
 my balance was still not hundred percent yet . 
 i walked into the kitchen expecting to see my dad sitting there with his usual cup of tea , but there was no sign of him . 
 the house was empty without him , and i hated it . 
 i switched on the tv , but only for the background noise . 
 two pieces of bread were put into the toaster and i waited for them to go golden brown . 
 i was in the kitchen , waiting , when i heard my name coming from the living room . 
 at first i thought it was dad , but it was the voice of a woman and it was coming from the tv . 
 walking into the living room , i could see a woman presenting the news . 
 the presenter was sitting in from of a desk talking about a recent car crash . 
 `` the car was hit by a truck and immediately killing a young woman named kate laveau . 
 there was also another victim . '' 
 the woman said into the camera . 
 i walked closer to the tv and there it was ; a picture of kate with her big smile . 
 i fell to my knees in pain , tears fell down my cheeks . 
 i just sat in front of the tv , staring at kate 's picture . 
 the presenter still had more to say . 
 `` please do n't say my name , please do n't say my name . '' 
 i said to the tv . 
 `` the young girl 's named ellie laveau , was niece to kate laveau . '' 
 a picture of me came up . 
 i was in my school uniform . 
 they must have used one of my school photos . 
 i was wearing a big smile . 
 i had n't smiled like that in a long time . 
 `` the young girl was taken to a nearby hospital with minor injuries , where she made a full recovery . '' 
 the woman went onto the next story . 
 the story was over , but my eyes would not move from the screen . 
 a popping noise brought me back . 
 i got to my feet and went into the kitchen where it greeted me with a burning smell . 
 the toast was completely burnt . 
 i grabbed two more slices and placed them in the toaster . 
 this time i waited , taking the golden hot toast i started to spread some honey onto it . 
 i ate it carefully , hoping not to get any honey onto my uniform . 
 i finished my breakfast , placing the plate into the sink . 
 inside the there were a few dishes piling up slowly . 
 `` i 'll do them after school . '' 
 i said . 
 i grabbed my school bag and put on my black heeled shoes and i was out the door . 
 this time there was no car to take me to school . 
 i was walking my way to school . 
 the news report had me thinking . 
 the woman had been talking about kate and the crash . 
 `` why did it have to be on tv ? '' 
 i muttered to myself . 
 `` everyone will be talking about it and i really do n't need that right now . '' 
 seeing kate 's picture on the tv brought it all back . 
 i did n't want to think about that right now . 
 i tried to shake the horrible thoughts that were nagging at me . 
 just a few more steps and i would be coming round the corner . 
 my school was in plain sight . 
 i could feel my heart skip a beat . 
 maybe staying home would be good for me . 
 no i need to do this . 
 school was what i needed right now , something to distract myself . 
 i walked towards the grim building and saw lilly and becky standing by the main gates talking amongst themselves . 
 straight away i smiled and nearly ran towards them , but my injuries filled me with pain . 
 `` ellie ?! '' 
 it was becky who saw me first . 
 lilly whipped round and i saw how happy she saw . 
 both of them ran towards me . 
 they were about to hug me but i instantly backed away and they quickly remembered . 
 `` oh my god ellie , i 'm so sorry about your aunt . '' 
 becky sobbed . 
 `` yeah ellie , we 're sorry about kate she was a good person . '' 
 lilly had tears in her eyes . 
 `` we heard it on the news the other day . '' 
 `` we wanted to see you at the hospital but they would n't let us in . '' 
 lilly said . 
 `` yeah we had flowers , cards and a cute little teddy bear for you . '' 
 becky said while counting her fingers . 
 `` ellie . '' 
 lilly paused . 
 `` there is a rumor going around that you caused the accident . '' 
 i felt my body go weak and my head flushed with dizzyness . 
 the tightness inside my stomach was back , but this time it was hurting . 
 i wanted to scream , shout , anything to releve this pain i was feeling . 
 `` who ? '' 
 i said through gritted teeth . 
 `` me and lilly have been trying to find out who started it , but we know it 's utter bullshit . '' 
 she said . 
 `` yeah ellie , we know it was just an accident . '' 
 said lilly both of the girls took turns talking , but i was n't really listening , i was ready to explode on the inside . 
 how could someone do this kind of thing , what is wrong with people ? 
 i had to keep it locked away for now and keep on going . 
 `` come on , we need to get to lessons . '' 
 said lilly . 
 i followed them without a word , trailing behind them with my head hanging low . 
 `` how you feeling anyway ? '' 
 lilly asked . 
 `` those cuts must hurt ? '' 
 i did n't realize that lilly was talking to me until i looked up . 
 `` um i 'm okay , they do n't sting at much as they used to and i 'm still not steady on my feet yet . 
 just need time to heal that 's all . '' 
 i said . 
 `` do you want to lean on . . '' 
 becky got cut off . 
 `` no she 's fine . '' 
 lilly blurted out . 
 i cleared my throat . 
 `` so whats been going on , any news ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` well not really , just the same . '' 
 lilly replied . 
 `` oh . '' 
 i replied sadly . 
 i wished something would happen so it would take some of the pressure off . 
 `` well i do have something , '' becky said . 
 `` that little shit matthew stood me up . '' 
 `` no way ! '' 
 i said . 
 `` yep . 
 she was totally going mad on the phone . '' 
 lilly said . 
 `` swearing like mad woman , she was . '' 
 `` well i was pissed off that he stood me up , i was so looking forward to it as well . '' 
 `` what was his excuse for standing you up ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` he said that his cat was ill . '' 
 beckys face lit up a bright red . 
 i pressed a hand over my mouth to stop myself from bursting into laughter . 
 looking over at lilly she was doing the same . 
 lilly was the first to crack and burst into laughter , i could not keep it in any longer and laughter came flooding out . 
 lilly was laughing too hard that some people were giving us weird looks . 
 `` stop laughing ! '' 
 becky ordered . 
 lilly and i tried to quell our laughing fits . 
 after a while they died down leaving our faces red and drenched with tears . 
 becky stood in front of us with her arms locked around her waist with an evil stare in her eyes . 
 `` sorry becky but it 's too funny . '' 
 i said through little giggles . 
 while wiping some tears off my face , the school buzzer rang loud through the halls , signaling that it was time for lessons . 
 we entered the school and walked down the corridor to our first lesson . 
 for a moment we were laughing and everything seemed like it was before , but it was just an illusion . 
 `` well , see you later then . '' 
 becky said . 
 they both said their goodbyes and then they were gone . 
 i turned around to walk to my own class when it seemed that all the students in the entire school had descended into the hallways . 
 more students came in and out of door ways , some of them pushing and knocking into me without a single sorry . 
 i held onto myself while the pain flowed though my beaten body . 
 i tried to push against them to get to my lesson . 
 it was no use , i was not getting passed . 
 quickly i jumped into a small corner to avoid the crowd . 
 my forehead began to sweat . 
 i swiped at the beads of sweat and peeked out to see the tide of students . 
 i can do this . 
 i thought to myself . 
 deciding to stay until i could more freely . 
 again i looked around the corner and saw only a few handful of students left . 
 i made a break for it and quickly walked to my class . 
 my first class of the day was science with mrs donavan . 
 i walked through the doors and saw her standing around her desk . 
 mrs donavan began to write todays lesson on the board . 
 today she wore another comfortable cardigan along with a lose pair of brown trowsers . 
 i sat at my normal seat next to leah . 
 as i sat down she did n't even acknowledge me . 
 i grabbed my books out of my bag and waited for mrs donavan to start . 
 she turned around to face the class . 
 slowly she scanned around the room and her eyes met mine . 
 she gave me a tiny smile and began to talk to the class . 
 i tried to smile back at her but could not . 
 todays lesson was about photosynsisthis . 
 just thinking about that word made my brain hurt . 
 was that the thing about the plants or something . 
 i placed my hand to my forehead , thinking more about it made it worse . 
 i ignored my brain and just listened to mrs donavan instead . 
 some of the notes i jotted down were quite useful . 
 as i was writing more i prayed that my pen would not run out like last time . 
 leah next to me did not look like she was in the mood . 
 -lrb- was she ever in the mood ? -rrb- . 
 i did n't need friends like her anyway i had lilly and becky . 
 just thinking about them made me smile a little , then , my smile slipped . 
 were they just my friends because they knew i was some sort of freak , did they place bets to see how long they could fool me ? 
 i thought . 
 no . 
 they would n't do that and it was stupid of me to think that , we are best friends . 
 been best friends for many years . 
 i would do anything for them and i hoped that they would do anything for me too . 
 i began to space out while thinking of them . 
 i mentally shook myself and got back to the lesson . 
 i stretched my cramped hand to relive my aching muscles . 
 finally finished writing what was on the board . 
 -lrb- god mrs donavan did like to write a lot -rrb- , i placed my pen down only to hear the buzzer . 
 -lrb- thank god -rrb- . 
 throwing my stuff into my bag , i quickly walked to my next lesson , english . 
 around the corner i nearly ran into becky , who was smiling at me . 
 `` i came to escort you my lady . '' 
 she said as becky did a low bow . 
 i gave a little chuckle . 
 `` come on ya ' werirdo . '' 
 i laughed . 
 we both walked down the hall and down to the stairs to our english class . 
 we both arrived at mr thomas 's class . 
 i 'd forgotten how good looking he was since i was away , but sadly he was too old for me and of course my teacher , totally against the rules . 
 we entered the class , and somehow knowing it was me , he spun around and met my eyes . 
 mr. thomas had a sympathetic look on his face . 
 `` i 'm so sorry to hear about your aunt ellie , '' he said softly . 
 `` how are you ? '' 
 i was getting a little sick of people asking that question . 
 i know they just want to see if i was ok , but slowly , i just wanted to scream , and run away . 
 `` um i 'm okay just a few cuts and bruses , that 's all . '' 
 i tried to keep my voice steady , trying not to show how a complete wreak i was . 
 `` h-how did you know ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` it was on the news . '' 
 he said . 
 great , did everyone watch the news ? 
 i left the conversation there and sat next to becky . 
 mr thomas cleared his throat , and as usual the girls started to foam at the mouth . 
 he held the book romeo and juilet in front of him . 
 `` today we will talk about the deaths of romeo and juilet . '' 
 he said in his most lushes voice . 
 what ? 
 when did that happen . 
 i prodded becky next to me . 
 `` when the hell did they die ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` oh , oh yeah . 
 well , it was all kicking off , juilet died , then romeo kills himself because she 's dead . 
 then she was n't really dead but then because romeo died , she kills herself . '' 
 she placed her finger across her throat and made a squelching noise , then immediately regretting it . 
 `` jesus , '' i said . 
 `` that 's dark . '' 
 we both heard a loud throat clearing noise from the front of the class . 
 we lifted our heads to see that mr thomas was waiting for us . 
 his broad arms folded in front of him . 
 `` yes thank you becky for getting ellie up to speed . '' 
 he said . 
 sone of the girls started to giggle behind me . 
 pathetic . 
 `` that 's enough . '' 
 mr thomas said sternly . 
 `` now lets get back to it . '' 
 he said holding the book in the air . 
 in the class mr thomas was asking questions about the characters in the book , and most of the girls put up their hands to show how `` inteligente '' they were . 
 -lrb- yeah right . -rrb- 
 even becky put her hand up and she hardly volunteered for anything . 
 the girls were blurting out any answer that came to mind , some of the answers they gave were kinda ' funny . 
 even mr thomas laughed at one or two . 
 he wanted us to write an essay about how romeo and juilet fell in love and their fighting families . 
 `` how does he expect me to write this when i did n't even finish the book . '' 
 i whispered to becky . 
 i pulled out my english book and my still working pen when i noticed everyone , even becky had a copy of romeo and juilet in their bag . 
 i shyly placed my hand up to catch mr thomas 's attention . 
 `` uh , sir . '' 
 i said . 
 his attention was placed in a book . 
 he finished reading and looked up . 
 `` i , uh do n't have a book sir . '' 
 i said sheepishly . 
 he turned around without saying a word and took a copy from his shelf and placed firmly onto my desk . 
 `` there you go . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` also this is homework so do n't think you can just do it in class . '' 
 he called out . 
 the whole classroom moaned in disappointment . 
 even i gave a little moan . 
 i finished writing a paragraph about how romeo and juilet made a quick decision about falling in love when the bell went . 
 as the class started to pack away away , mr thomas was trying to talk over the chaos . 
 `` if you 're unsure of anything , please re-read the book . 
 just dont ` ' google '' the answers please . 
 and anyway , i 'll know . '' 
 he said . 
 `` i 'd forgotten about google , maybe i can get some tips , or would that be cheating . '' 
 i said to becky . 
 `` hell with it , i 'm going to google it all . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` i heard that becky . 
 i will be carfully reading your essay . '' 
 mr thomas called out . 
 becky 's face turned a deep shade of red . 
 `` only joking sir . '' 
 she gave a smile to mr thomas . 
 `` come on let get out of here . '' 
 i grabbed my bag and nearly ran out of the class after becky . 
 `` that was shameful . '' 
 i laughed . 
 laughing hurt my body , but it felt good to laugh . 
 `` dont laugh , and do n't you dare tell lilly . '' 
 `` damn right i 'm going to tell her . '' 
 i said through laughter . 
 we both walked down the stairs and saw lilly waiting for us at the bottom , waving . 
 i gave her a wave back and a smile . 
 i tried to catch up with lilly at the bottom while trying to avoid the other students . 
 `` do n't you dare , do n't listen to a word she tell you lilly . '' 
 becky called out on the stairs . 
 `` what ? 
 whats going on ? '' 
 lilly sounded interested . 
 `` mr thomas heard us talking about googling answers and shamed becky about it . 
 she went bright red as well . '' 
 i laughed . 
 lilly started to laugh along with me . 
 `` it 's not that funny , girls . '' 
 becky called . 
 `` oi stop making fun of me , that 's all you 've done today . '' 
 `` who would do that anyway ? '' 
 lilly said through laughter . 
 `` becky would . '' 
 we both said and burst into even more laughter . 
 i turned my head to look at becky who had her hands on her hips . 
 closer i looked and could tell she was fighting the urge to burst into laughter with us . 
 my head turned back to lilly and i could feel my smile fading . 
 down the darkened hall , beth was approaching . 
 her dark mischievous eyes locked onto mine . 
 lilly must have noticed her because the laugh died down and she stepped in front of me . 
 i could feel the anger and hate dripping off beth as she got closer . 
 chapter nine `` oh i 'm so sorry to here about your aunt ellie . '' 
 beth said with such sarcasm . 
 `` what do you want beth . '' 
 becky said who was now next to me . 
 `` just to say how sorry i am , that 's all . '' 
 a sick smile formed on beth 's lips . 
 `` it should have been you ellie . '' 
 `` bitch ! '' 
 becky shouted . 
 beth turned to becky and blew her a kiss . 
 i just stood there with my head down . 
 hoping she would stop . 
 becky readied her fist for beth but lilly grabbed her before she could strike . 
 beth laughed at the failed attempt . 
 `` i 've heard that it was your fault that she died , is it true ? '' 
 beth added . 
 `` well since she was your family i do n't really care if it was both of you . 
 one down two to go . '' 
 `` you vile bitch ! '' 
 yelled lilly . 
 i just stood there while beth spat her poison . 
 lilly and becky exchanged heated words between the three of them . 
 i was rooted to the spot while this thing spoke of me , i could n't do anything , and i wanted her to go away . 
 lilly moved forward and pulled back her fist ready to hit beth . 
 without thinking i grabbed onto lilly 's hand and a surge of anger rushed through me . 
 it fueled me and made my blood boil . 
 i could feel lilly 's anger flowing through me , but how ? 
 i could also hear lilly 's deep thoughts ; she wanted to hurt beth badly . 
 it scared me a little until i saw beth sickening smile again . 
 what felt like minutes was only mere seconds . 
 i let go of lilly 's hand and quickly punched beth straight across the face , and my hand began to throb with pain . 
 beth fell backwards losing her footing and fell to the floor . 
 she wiped her nose and saw blood . 
 she stared at the red substance on her hand and a huge grin formed on her face . 
 quickly she got up from the floor and rushed straight at me . 
 she reminded me of a charging mad bull . 
 beth tackled me from the waist and sent me straight to the floor , knocking the air from my lungs . 
 my old wounds screamed in pain along with new ones . 
 i fell onto my back , causing pain to shoot up and down my body . 
 beth was on top of me ready to hit me for a second time . 
 without thinking i latched onto her writs to stop her oncoming blow . 
 like all the others i saw her face change in a flash . 
 beth had a lustful look in her eyes , i could feel all her anger towards me and deep down she wanted to kill me , this bitch was crazy . 
 i seized the opportunity and punched her straight in the face again with my free hand , she rolled off of me and i quickly scrambled to my feet . 
 while beth was recovering from my punch i noticed , around us we had a created a crowd of people cheering and shouting . 
 lilly and becky were also cheering me on . 
 i quickly had to ignore them because beth had recovered and her face was thick with blood , it did not bother her in the slightest . 
 she ran at me again screaming like a mad woman , i tried to prepare myself for another one of her punches , but she caught me off guard . 
 she pulled me forward and brought her knee straight into my stomach and the pain brought me to my down to my knees . 
 i coughed and heaved through the intense pain . 
 beth stood over me with her hands balled into tight fists . 
 there was nothing i could do . 
 i was lying on the floor doubled up in pain , and then from afar i heard a familiar voice . 
 `` break it up , break it up ! '' 
 mr. thomas shouted . 
 beth did n't care ; she was ready to kick me while i was down , until lilly and becky grabbed both her arms and threw her to the wall . 
 mr. thomas was now around us and could see beth 's face covered with blood and me on the floor gasping in pain . 
 soon the crowd began to disperse . 
 beth stared at me with eyes full of hate , if becky or lilly did n't stop her i would 've be in real danger . 
 mr. thomas held out his hand . 
 `` are you ok ellie ? '' 
 i ignored it and steadily got to my feet . 
 `` i think i need to go see the nurse . '' 
 i said . 
 he nodded and the turned to beth . 
 `` what the hell happened ? '' ' 
 he demanded . 
 before beth could speak lilly and becky spoke first . 
 `` she said disgusting things to ellie , and then she went to punch us . '' 
 they both lied . 
 `` what ? 
 it was the freak here wh . . '' 
 beth was cut off . 
 `` what did you just say ? '' 
 mr. thomas asked . 
 `` i called her a. . '' 
 again she was cut off by mr. thomas . 
 he slammed his hand hard against the wall next to beth . 
 it made us all jump , even beth . 
 seeing mr. thomas like this was scary , maybe everyone does have a scary side to them . 
 i wonder if i have one ? 
 `` since coming to this school beth , you are nothing but trouble , come with me . '' 
 he said . 
 `` girls can you take ellie to the nurse , and then take her to the headmasters room i 'll tell him what 's happened here . '' 
 `` yes sir . '' 
 they both said . 
 mr. thomas and beth walked down the hallway before disappearing around a corner . 
 `` you did n't have to lie for me . '' 
 i said clutching my sides . 
 `` well the bitch had it coming , '' said becky . 
 `` plus you had a few good shots in there . 
 did you see her face , it was covered in blood . '' 
 `` oh and lilly , i 'm sorry about you know what . '' 
 remembering that i grabbed her hand . 
 `` it 's ok . 
 it felt weird , not a good weird or a bad weird , just weird . '' 
 said lilly . 
 i dragged myself to the nurse office with becky and lilly , lucky enough it was n't that far . 
 becky held open the door and i shuffled my way into the nurse 's room . 
 the nurse was sitting in her chair looking at some papers before she noticed us , the nurse was a plump little woman with short blonde hair with a pudgy , but kind face , she was wearing a white skirt with a peach colored top , and covering her top she wore a long white sleeved cardigan . 
 -lrb- what 's with all the cardigans lately -rrb- ? 
 her room was filled with medical posters of the human body in and out . 
 in the corner she had a human skeleton . 
 it sent a shiver down my spine . 
 it 's weird to think we all look like that on the inside . 
 `` nurse , we have a patient . '' 
 said lilly . 
 i wobbled my way to the nurse , carful of my balance . 
 the little woman shot up from her desk and hurried towards me . 
 `` what 's happened ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` well this girl attacked our friend . '' 
 said lilly . 
 `` bitch . '' 
 blurted becky . 
 `` language young lady . '' 
 the nurse told becky . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 replied becky . 
 `` anyway , ellie had a car accident a few days ago and she 's still quite fragile . '' 
 lilly said . 
 lilly 's words made me wince . 
 i did not want someone to think of me as fragile . 
 `` well pop yourself up here and let me look at you . '' 
 the plump woman said . 
 i climbed up onto the table-chair ' thingy and waited for her to examine me . 
 `` right then . '' 
 she began . 
 `` do you feel sick , dizzy , what about blurred vision . '' 
 she asked . 
 `` no . '' 
 i replied . 
 `` well that 's good , let me just . '' 
 the nurse was about to touch my arm when from the end of the room becky and lilly started shouting . 
 `` do n't touch her . '' 
 they both screeched . 
 the nurse stopped , she held her hands up as if she was surrendering . 
 `` she uh does n't like to be touched . '' 
 lilly said quickly . 
 `` okay then , so are you feeling any pain at all then . '' 
 the nurse said . 
 `` well it hurts when i breathe in and out . 
 i think i may have been winded , plus my burses hurt like a. . '' 
 she stopped me mid sentence . 
 `` language . '' 
 the nurse said to me . 
 she continued `` well you need to slowly breathe in and out , in through the nose out through the mouth , okay ? '' 
 i started slowly breathing with her instructions . 
 after a while i did feel a bit better . 
 `` also my hand hurts . '' 
 i lifted my bruised knuckles for the nurse to see . 
 she carefully stayed her distance but she looked over my hand . 
 `` mm , it does n't look broken . 
 can you move your fingers freely ? '' 
 the nurse asked . 
 i did as she asked and freely moved my fingers without much pain . 
 `` so who did this to you ? '' 
 the nurse asked . 
 `` it was that bit . . '' 
 the nurse gave becky a stern look . 
 `` it was this girl called beth , she 's a nasty piece of work . '' 
 `` i know of this girl and i agree . 
 she 's put a few people in here , disgusting girl . '' 
 said the nurse . 
 `` i think i 'm feeling a bit better now . '' 
 the nurse turned around after facing becky and lilly . 
 `` i 'm glad . '' 
 she smiled . 
 i carefully jumped down the examination table . 
 `` you take care of yourself , and if the pain does n't go away , you should book an appointment with your doctor . 
 and girls , look after each other , no swearing . 
 ok . '' 
 the nurse said . 
 while the nurse was talking i noticed she had the softest brown eye 's i 'd ever seen . 
 her face had some deep wrinkles but her eyes were youthful . 
 `` you too . '' 
 i said with a smile . 
 i followed the girls out of the room . 
 `` you feeling any better ? '' 
 lilly asked . 
 `` a little bit . '' 
 i replied . 
 again i hated that question . 
 as mr. thomas demanded , we headed off to the headmasters room . 
 god knows what 's waiting for me in there . 
 in this school , no matter what you did , you would try and avoid the headmaster at all costs . 
 that rule never applied to bitch beth . 
 i met the head when i first came to the school . 
 he introduced me around while i was with my dad . 
 he would sometimes make speeches in the main hall to start off the school day , and even then he scared me . 
 walking down the corridor felt weird , like i was walking to my doom . 
 the halls were empty , devoid of students . 
 it was kinda ' scary , walking through the uneven lit hallways . 
 the three of us crept down to the headmaster 's room like innocent young teens solving a mystery . 
 the three of us stood outside of the door . 
 no one dared knock . 
 `` have you ever been in the head 's office ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` well i have once . '' 
 becky said . 
 `` when ? '' 
 replied lilly . 
 `` he caught me and this boy kissing out of class , '' becky said . 
 `` he ran off and left me to deal with him . '' 
 becky said pointing to the door . 
 `` what do you mean this boy ? 
 did n't you know his name ? '' 
 asked lilly . 
 `` um , no . '' 
 said becky shyly . 
 `` i can not help it , plus he did n't tell me his name . '' 
 she said vainly flipping her silky hair . 
 `` bloody hell becky . '' 
 said lilly . 
 `` anyway what was he like ? '' 
 i wanted to know the details . 
 `` he kept on trying to stick his tongue in my mouth and licking my lips at the same time , it was horrible , gross , he did n't have a clue what he was doing . '' 
 becky replied . 
 `` no , not the boy , '' i laughed . 
 `` the headmaster . '' 
 i started giggling . 
 all three of us were giggling too much to notice that the headmaster was standing by his door . 
 he towered over us with his mighty height . 
 `` ellie laveau . '' 
 he called . 
 oh crap . 
 we all shuffled into his office avoiding his stern gaze . 
 the headmaster 's office was decorated with cream walls . 
 wooden shelves were nailed to the walls with large tome books sitting side by side . 
 frame documents littered one side of the room to show his many achievements . 
 everything in the office was neat and tidy , even the pencils were aligned neatly . 
 inside there was a man sitting in one of the leather chairs with his back to us . 
 the mysterious man turned around . 
 it was my dad . 
 `` dad ? '' 
 i said surprised . 
 he did n't answer back , he replied instead with a disappointed look . 
 this was the last thing he needed right now . 
 i was making life much more difficult for him . 
 the three of us sat in the chairs that were supplied for us . 
 in front , stretched out a mahogany coloured desk that dominated the room . 
 the headmaster took his seat behind his masculine desk . 
 seeing the head up close was a little bit frightening , he was a big muscled man with very short hair , clean shaven with crooked nose . 
 his lips were thin and had a strong jaw . 
 some people say he was in the army , i could totally see that . 
 sitting in the big bad headmaster 's office was not where i wanted to be . 
 he cleared his throat and started to speak . 
 `` i 've heard from mr. thomas that you were involved in a fight ? '' 
 he deeply said . 
 i was too scared to speak , so i just nodded instead . 
 `` ellie are you okay ? '' 
 my dad spoke . 
 `` yeah dad i 'm okay just a few burses that 's all . '' 
 i tried to put him at ease . 
 `` that 's all , that 's all ? '' 
 his voice rose with anger . 
 `` mr. malloy , my daughter was involved in a serious accident , and this is her first day back and she is attacked ? '' 
 seeing my dad getting angry was something i never got to see , i did n't like one bit . 
 `` mr. laveau we will . . '' 
 before he could say anymore he interrupted . 
 `` what are you going to the girl who attacked my daughter ? '' 
 he now up on his feet . 
 `` well , the young girl , will be discipline and she will be expelled . '' 
 he answered . 
 `` is that all , how long will she be expelled for and is this the first time she has done something like this ? '' 
 he spoke . 
 `` dad that 's enough . '' 
 i got up from the chair and met his eyes . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 he said . 
 `` i think ellie should have a few days off school to fully rest up and i will personally deal with that young lady . '' 
 the headmaster said . 
 my dad nodded in agreement . 
 he held his hand out in front of him and they both shook hands . 
 `` lilly , becky , thank you for caring for ellie . '' 
 dad said . 
 they both smiled at him . 
 `` take care ellie . '' 
 said lilly . 
 `` yeah call us later okay if you need anything . '' 
 asked becky . 
 `` will do and thanks girls . '' 
 i waved goodbye to both of them and left the office . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 i mumbled as soon as we were out of the office . 
 he gave me a confused look . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` well , the fight . 
 i did n't want to cause you anymore problems as it is . '' 
 he stopped and faced me . 
 ` ' you have nothing to be sorry about . '' 
 he said . 
 we exited the building and walked out through the main gates leaving the school behind us . 
 i looked around for the car but could not see it . 
 `` dad where 's the car ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` do you think i 'd pick you up in the car ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` i did n't want to upset you . '' 
 `` thanks dad . '' 
 i replied . 
 i readjusted my bag on my back and walked home . 
 walking home with just the two of us was nice . 
 the sun was bright and the breeze was soft against my bruised skin . 
 hardly anyone was around , just my dad and i. days like this remind me when i was young . 
 just the two of us used to go on long walks through the country , exploring the hills and fields . 
 my favorite places were the woods . 
 we used to pick chestnuts during christmas time . 
 those prickly pods were a nightmare . 
 i 'd always get pricked or scratched , but dad would show how to get them out without being hurt . 
 in the summers , the three of us would have a picnic by the riverbank , sometimes we would see horses sniff around us due to the food . 
 i remember a horse snuck up behind me and started to sniff at my hair . 
 bloody horse nearly gave me a heart attack . 
 to this day i hate people sneaking up behind me . 
 now all those days were gone , never to return . 
 `` it 's nice out is n't it ? '' 
 i failed at small talk . 
 `` did you really ask me about the weather ? '' 
 he replied . 
 `` yeah it is nice but is that all you can talk about ? '' 
 `` you know i 'm not good at small talk . '' 
 i answered . 
 `` yeah i gathered . '' 
 he said . 
 i had been dodging the question since it happened but i was going to ask him . 
 `` dad , when is kate 's funeral ? '' 
 i immediately regretted the question . 
 staring at him , i watched him find the right answer . 
 `` it 's in a few days ellie . '' 
 he finally said . 
 `` i 'm sorry for bringing it up . '' 
 i said with a feeling of guilt in my stomach . 
 `` do n't feel sorry . '' 
 he said . 
 we both continued walking down the street back home , back to where i felt safe . 
 chapter ten we arrived at the house . 
 it was nice to be home and with an extra few days off . 
 dad entered the house first and as soon as we were inside , i knew what he was going to say . 
 `` yes please . '' 
 i said . 
 `` to what ? '' 
 he sounded confused . 
 `` to the tea you were going to be offering . '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` am i that easy to read ? '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` right i 'll put the kettle on then . '' 
 he said . 
 he disappeared off into the kitchen and i heard buttons being pressed and the noise of clinking cups . 
 i decided to put on my lazy clothes for the night . 
 i ran upstairs but had to stop midway . 
 i was struggling to breathe all of a sudden . 
 bitch beth 's fault . 
 she had winded me and my other pains did not help much either . 
 i thought back to the nurse 's instructions about breathing in through the nose and out through the mouth . 
 i stood in the middle of the stairs gasping for air . 
 as i struggled to catch my breath my dad came to the stairs . 
 `` tea 's ready . '' 
 he stood at the bottom of stairs and his face dropped as he saw me clutch my chest . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 he quickly asked as he ran up to me . 
 seeing my dad rush to my aid made me think how lucky i was to have him . 
 `` the fight , she winded me , '' i said between breaths . 
 `` i 'll be okay , just need a minute . '' 
 i slowly climbed the rest of the stairs while my dad stood behind me . 
 i entered my room and closed the door behind me . 
 `` i 'll be down stairs , oh and the tea 's ready . '' 
 he said again behind the door . 
 i hated that he had to see me like this , like i was some weak kitten that had to be watched twenty four seven . 
 as i got undressed , i caught sight of myself in my mirror . 
 on the side of my body i had a deep purple bruise , the size of a large fist . 
 i gently poked at it and sharp pain shot through me , -lrb- idiot -rrb- . 
 ignoring the purple mark , i tossed my clothes into the basket for washing and grabbed my lazy clothes . 
 before i left the room i rooted through my bag to get my phone , hoping to hear news off the girls . 
 this time i slowly descended the stairs while holding onto the banister . 
 i came through the living and into the kitchen where my dad was pouring the steaming water into the cups . 
 i reached out and grabbed the hot mug and sat in the living room . 
 the tv was already on in the living room and was showing day time talk shows . 
 we sat on the sofa together while watching the tv . 
 i tried to find a comfortable position while trying not to spill my boiling tea . 
 slowly i started to sip the steaming beverage . 
 `` ellie . '' 
 my dad asked me . 
 i turned to him . 
 `` i 'm a bit worried about you . '' 
 what he said confused me , why was he worried about me ? 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i replied . 
 `` well you do n't seem yourself that 's all . '' 
 he said . 
 `` you 're closed off from me . 
 you shut down when you come home , and with this fight at school . '' 
 i was about to have my say , but he put his hand up to stop me . 
 `` plus , there were things happening before the accident . '' 
 he put down his cup and gave me his full attention . 
 `` ellie do you still blame yourself ? '' 
 his question took me aback . 
 i wished he had n't asked that . 
 `` sometimes . '' 
 i shyly said while putting the cup down . 
 his shoulders slumped and he looked defeated . 
 `` ellie you know that was n't your fault , never blame yourself , and even if there is a tiny bit of you that thinks anyone would blame you , you are wrong . '' 
 tears started to form in my eyes . 
 i let them fall down my face . 
 `` every time i come home , it feels like i do n't belong here anymore , because , deep down it feels like i killed kate . '' 
 i said through sobs . 
 `` life 's a bitch . '' 
 my dad took me into a tight hug and held me while i cried . 
 `` it 's not your fault ellie . 
 it 's not your fault . '' 
 i 'm so tired of crying all the time , why could n't i be strong for once . 
 i just wanted everything to go back to normal , but i was being stupid . 
 i pulled away from his hug and wiped my eyes with my oversized t-shirt . 
 `` i know , how about i make some food , you must be hungry ? '' 
 he said while he walked off into the kitchen . 
 i was a little hungry . 
 i have n't eaten since this morning and that was just some toast . 
 i got up from the sofa and joined my dad in the kitchen . 
 he started to collect pots and pans , all ready to prepare dinner . 
 `` spaghetti again is it ? '' 
 i asked as i stood in the kitchen doorway . 
 `` yep your favorite and with my special sauce . '' 
 `` dad it 's from a jar , how can you call it your special ? '' 
 `` ah , that 's because i add more ingredients to it . '' 
 he said . 
 `` so what do you add then ? '' 
 `` it 's a secret . '' 
 he replied . 
 `` is it garlic ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i absolutely love garlic . 
 too bad it gives you evil breath . 
 `` well yes , but there 's more to it than that . '' 
 he joked . 
 `` fine . '' 
 i said feeling defeated . 
 i turned to the sink and found that there were still dishes left in there . 
 normally they would have been done . 
 `` dad do you want me to clean these ? '' 
 i asked pointing to the dirty dishes . 
 `` uh , yeah that would be great . '' 
 he said . 
 i emptied the sink and quickly gave it a wipe down before running the hot water . 
 i then add-ed some dish washing liquid . 
 as i squeezed in the bottle , a burst of fresh lemon scent escaped from the bottle , leaving a gorgeous fragrance behind . 
 looking at the dishes on the side there were cups , plates , and bowls . 
 mostly were mine . 
 `` i had a lot of cups up there did n't i ? '' 
 i said to dad . 
 the hot and cold water combined into a nice temperature , i grabbed the sponge and started with the cups from my bedroom . 
 i plunged the cup into the soapy hot water and felt my hand start to sting with pain . 
 quickly , i pulled my hand from the water and examined it . 
 not noticing it before , i had a cut on my knuckles . 
 i began to think how that had happened , when it dawned on me : bitch beth . 
 i continued with the dishes and ignored the stinging pain . 
 behind me , i could hear my dad snapping up the hard spaghetti . 
 he stood next to me to use the tap . 
 slowly he filled up the saucepan full of water . 
 `` make sure you do n't get any soap in the water , i do n't want to be blowing bubbles . '' 
 i said . 
 `` i wo n't , i wo n't . '' 
 he said repeatedly . 
 he turned off the tap and left me to my dirty dishes . 
 i had one or two more cups and bowls to wash and i would be done . 
 finally finished , i placed the last dish onto the draining board and emptied the sink . 
 i wiped the suds off my hands with a tea towel my dad handed to me . 
 `` do you want me to do anything else ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he shook his head . 
 that was me done till dinner . 
 i came back into the living room and sat down into the chair and flicked through the boring channels . 
 i turned to a film , it was one of those romantic comedies that always follow the same plot , and you knew what was going to happen . 
 horror and thriller are my favorites . 
 to this day , lilly wo n't watch a scary film with me , but becky and i always watched them , sometimes we 'd have a weekend to watch our favorite horror films , we had some good laughs during them weekends . 
 i sniffed the air and could smell the food was cooking . 
 by just smelling the aroma , my stomach started to rumble . 
 `` how long ? '' 
 i shouted to my dad . 
 `` wo n't be long , about twenty minutes , '' he shouted back . 
 i decided to continue to watch the romantic comedy , -lrb- nothing else was on -rrb- . 
 i could then hear a beeping noise from the sofa . 
 i picked up my phone that was squashed between the cushions . 
 the screen told me i had one new message and that it was from becky . 
 with my finger i swiped at the screen and saw her message . 
 hi ellie how you doing . 
 headmaster made us stay behind for the whole story . 
 hope you are ok . 
 talk soon x i replied with a thank you and sent it . 
 i just hoped that she had her phone on silent . 
 deciding to look at the entertainment news , i brought up the internet on my phone . 
 the same thing kept on reappearing , more useless scandals , celebrity feuds , and , who said what at an awards speech , and to top it all off , what celeb ' was wearing what this season . 
 it just fried my brain . 
 hate that stuff . 
 this time i went on over to the world news , more fights , more political scandals about government officials stealing money , just the same stuff . 
 there was nothing really interesting going on that i wanted to know more about , so i put the phone down . 
 inside the kitchen i could hear plates and cutlery being placed down . 
 food must be ready soon . 
 more mouth watering smells drifted into the room . 
 `` how long now ? '' 
 i pestered . 
 `` little longer . '' 
 he replied . 
 i hate waiting for anything , i had no patience for it , and i 'd rather have it now then later . 
 i went back to my phone and decided to text lilly . 
 thanks for earlier talk to you soon x i pressed the sent button and away it went . 
 in the background the comedy was still on . 
 -lrb- has n't that thing ended yet ? -rrb- 
 i picked up the remote and flicked through more channels . 
 nothing good was on , nothing that really got my attention . 
 most of the time , i just use it for the background noise . 
 it 's dad who gets the most out of it then i do . 
 dad called from the kitchen . 
 `` it 's ready . '' 
 i took off from the sofa and sat down at the kitchen table . 
 he dished it out and placed a huge portion down onto my plate . 
 i did n't care how much there was , i was hungry . 
 taking my fork i started to wrap the spaghetti around the fork and shoveled it straight into my mouth , not caring if i dropped any on my clothes . 
 `` nice ? '' 
 my dad asked . 
 `` mm , '' i said with a mouth full of pasta . 
 he started to chuckle . 
 `` do n't forget to chew or you 'll choke . '' 
 i nodded while spaghetti was dangling from my mouth . 
 i swallowed and took another mouthful . 
 `` so who is this beth anyway , has she been giving you trouble before ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i quickly took another mouthful to avoid his question . 
 `` that wo n't work ellie , '' he said `` c 'm on tell me . '' 
 i swallowed and took a sip of water provided on the table . 
 `` fine , she has been bullying me a few times , she says horrible things to me and i 'd just ignore them , but this time i. . '' 
 i stopped myself from saying anymore . 
 `` ellie did you start the fight ? '' 
 he questioned . 
 `` yes . 
 but she said disgusting things about me and kate , '' i answered . 
 `` i just had enough of her and it just kinda ' happened . '' 
 `` becky and lilly , they covered for you did n't they ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i only nodded in disappointment . 
 `` well you know i do n't condone fighting , but i 'm glad that you stood up for yourself . '' 
 i gave a little smile to cover my shame and continued to eat . 
 after a more few fork full 's i was done my stomach was ready to burst . 
 i got up and started to clean my plate . 
 once dad finally finished , i took his plate and washed it . 
 i wiped down the counter tops that were thick with pasta sauce . 
 -lrb- he does make a mess , sometimes you 'd swear he was cooking for an army -rrb- . 
 checking my phone for messages , i noticed that the day was dragging on badly . 
 in the living room dad started to watch some tv . 
 i poked my head into the room to thank him for the food . 
 `` i 'm going to watch a film in bed and then maybe an early night . '' 
 i told my dad . 
 `` okay ellie , '' he smiled . 
 `` oh and thank you for cleaning up . '' 
 i climbed the stairs one at a time , hoping i did n't get winded again . 
 i opened my bedroom and i just wanted to dive into bed and never come out . 
 boredom had settled in , i hated feeling bored so i walked over to dvd shelf and browsed through the many titles . 
 some titles were good and some were bad and then there was the awful -lrb- i do n't know why i bought them -rrb- . 
 all my dvd 's were in order ; they were arranged by how i rated them good on top and bad on the bottom . 
 sometimes if i needed a good laugh , i watched the really bad films . 
 `` what am i in the mood for ? '' 
 i said out loud . 
 `` no , no , no , no '' i said to each of the films i ran my finger across . 
 `` how many times have i watched this ? '' 
 i asked a battered dvd case . 
 `` i did n't know you liked horror movies ellie ? '' 
 said a familiar voice . 
 chapter eleven i slowly turned and there she was , standing in my bedroom . 
 she called herself rhea the last time we spoke . 
 i was about to scream for my dad when rhea spoke first . 
 `` ellie you know by now i 'm not here to hurt you , i would never do that . '' 
 her voice was music to my ears . 
 `` how did you get in ? '' 
 i asked the woman . 
 `` i can go anywhere i want , within reason . '' 
 she answered . 
 `` right ellie , we need to talk . '' 
 i felt my body hum with excitement while being near her . 
 i quickly shook off the attraction . 
 `` leave me alone , you do n't know shit about me . '' 
 `` language young lady . '' 
 she clearly did n't like me swearing . 
 my eyes glanced towards the door and i slowly took a step forward . 
 wondering how i would make it to the door without her noticing . 
 `` ellie i 'm going to tell you again , i 'm not going to hurt you . '' 
 she insisted . 
 rhea walked towards me and examined my face . 
 `` how are your wounds ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i 'm dealing with it , but it 's the new wounds that hurt right now . '' 
 i replied . 
 `` what ? '' 
 rhea 's eyes flashed a dark red which frightened me . 
 i backed up away from rhea and fell back onto the bed . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 rhea asked with anger in her eyes . 
 `` a girl attacked me in school , she 's always had it in for me , '' i said . 
 i looked at rhea and saw her face twist as if she sucked on a bitter lemon . 
 `` what the girl 's name ? '' 
 rhea demanded . 
 `` it 's beth , why ? '' 
 i curiously replied . 
 `` second name ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i do n't know her second name . '' 
 i replied . 
 `` pity , but maybe i should go visit this beth . '' 
 rhea pondered . 
 i stared at her confused . 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 and about last time what did you mean you were friends with my mum ? 
 please tell me . '' 
 rhea sat next to me on my bed , and i could see up close how beautiful she really was . 
 she reached out with her manicured hands and took mine . 
 rhea shivered and closed her eyes . 
 i tried to wrestle my hand away from her but her grip was tight . 
 while touching rhea i could feel my body vibrating , shivers started to shoot down my spine and back up completing a circuit . 
 my body felt electrically charge and it felt good . 
 `` you have quite the gift ellie , do you know how to use it ? '' 
 rhea said . 
 `` this is n't a gift , it 's a curse . 
 i 'm afraid to go near people , they change . '' 
 i pulled my hands away from her grip . 
 `` i did n't change . '' 
 she said . 
 she was right she did n't change , no crazy horny person trying to get at me . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 `` let 's just say i 'm special . '' 
 she gave me a smile . 
 `` but why is it that other people go crazy and not my dad or . '' 
 i did n't want to say her name . 
 `` kate , '' rhea finished my sentence . 
 `` it 's because of blood , you have their blood coursing through your veins and that 's why it does n't work on family members . '' 
 said rhea . 
 `` ellie you are one of a kind , that power you have , '' she pointed to my hands . 
 `` you can become a powerful person . '' 
 i jumped up from the bed . 
 `` i do n't want to become powerful ; i just want to be normal . 
 what i do n't want is every time i touch someone , they go crazy . '' 
 `` what if i told you something that could change your mind completely about your power ? '' 
 rhea suggested . 
 `` it 's not going to change anything , i do n't want this . '' 
 i said while looking down at my hands . 
 `` ellie it 's not going away because you do n't want it . 
 it 's a part of you . '' 
 `` fine , let 's just say , even if i did want to control it , how would i ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 rhea got up from the bed and started to pace up and down the room . 
 she stopped by my rack of dvd 's . 
 `` my goodness you do like your horror do n't you ? '' 
 `` tell me please , please can you ? '' 
 i asked ignoring her statement . 
 `` my my , such eagerness , '' she said with a smile . 
 `` one question first . '' 
 she added . 
 `` anything . '' 
 i nearly shouted . 
 rhea again , paced around my room with her arms folded tightly . 
 `` have you had any weird dreams lately ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` well the only dreams i 've been having are about smelly faceless people , but how do you know ? '' 
 i tried not to make a big fuss about it . 
 rhea stopped dead in the middle of the room . 
 `` we might not have enough time . 
 they 've moved faster than i thought '' she mumbled to herself . 
 `` they , what do you mean they ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` are my dreams real ? '' 
 rhea had a worried look on her face . 
 she picked up her pacing , this time faster . 
 `` rhea please tell me . '' 
 i asked her . 
 she stopped and turned to face me . 
 `` yes ellie your dreams are real , they are like premonitions , things that are to come , '' she said . 
 `` i 've been protecting you since you were a child , but this will take more than myself alone . '' 
 i could not believe what i was hearing . 
 this woman had been looking after me since i was a child ? 
 no , i would have met her when i was young , she must be lying . 
 but was she telling the truth , my aunt or my dad had never mentioned her before . 
 this was making my head hurt . 
 i ignored her words for now . 
 `` so those monsters will come into my home and take me while i sleep ? '' 
 i question her . 
 `` i do n't know when it will be ellie , but i will not allow them to harm you . '' 
 she said with anger . 
 `` but these are just dreams , are n't they ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no ellie , they are much more than that , you need to be careful . '' 
 she replied . 
 `` great , even if these things are real , i 'm totally defenseless . '' 
 `` no you have great power inside of you ellie . 
 you just need to control it . 
 let me show you something . '' 
 she said with a twinkle in her beautiful eyes . 
 rhea closed her eyes ; the air around us started to hum with energy , sending every hair on my body to stand on end . 
 my body vibrated , as if something deep down inside of myself started to slowly awake from its deep slumber . 
 once i was attuned to the heavy atmosphere , i looked in awe around me . 
 something inside me did not want to acknowledge what i was seeing . 
 rhea had my possessions floating around the room . 
 my dvd 's flew from the rack and spun around me . 
 my books took flight around the room , using its book covers as wings to flap through the air . 
 then something nudged at my back , i turned around to see it was one of my small stuffed animals spinning in front of me . 
 reaching out , i gently touched the bear that was suspended in the air . 
 that 's when everything fell to the ground . 
 -lrb- luckily it was n't a big noise for my dad to hear -rrb- . 
 rhea eyes quickly flew open and looked straight at me confused . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 asked rhea . 
 `` nothing , i just touched the bear . '' 
 i replied . 
 rhea 's lips curved into a smile . 
 `` ellie , my little darling , '' she said . 
 `` i think there is more to your powers then even i know of . '' 
 i gave her a confused look `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i asked `` what am i rhea ? 
 please tell me , it 's driving me crazy . '' 
 `` my dear ellie , what you are is a siren . '' 
 she said with such joy . 
 the words she spoke meant nothing to me . 
 what the hell was a siren ? 
 i quickly wanted more answers `` what 's a siren ? 
 and are there people like me out there ? '' 
 rhea 's face took on a grim form . 
 `` there are only a handful of people like you ellie , that 's why you are so special . '' 
 `` ellie it 's time for me to go , but before i do , i 'll tell you that your power can influence people with just a simple touch . 
 practice and you might come to love your curse . '' 
 rhea brushed herself off and stood in the middle of the room . 
 `` remember ellie , you are special . 
 never let anyone tell you otherwise . '' 
 she then disappeared in a cloud of electricity causing myself to stumble back onto the floor . 
 my eyes burned with the quick bright light that had illuminated my bedroom . 
 within a few seconds rhea was gone , leaving a scorched mark on my bedroom carpet . 
 thanks . 
 i got on my hands and knees , and picked up all the objects that were lying discarded on the floor . 
 placing them in their rightful place , i finally turned my attention to the burned rug . 
 it was cool to watch rhea disappear like that , but it made what she said all the more real . 
 i was in danger . 
 chapter twelve i fell back onto my bed , thinking about what rhea had told me . 
 i 'm a siren and only a few of my kind remain , that 's what she said . 
 i kept repeating the words in my mind until they lost all meaning . 
 i wonder what rhea is then ? 
 and why were people coming after me . 
 was i really in that much danger ? 
 these questions flowed through my head . 
 was my dad a siren ? 
 what about kate . 
 thinking of kate made me feel awful and i tried to block out the pain . 
 thinking too much made my head hurt . 
 i turned over onto my side and i caught sight of my clock . 
 it was half past four . 
 i grabbed my phone from my pocket to check any messages . 
 there were none . 
 i decided to text lilly and becky . 
 bored out of my mind want to go see a movie ? 
 a few minutes later my phone beeped , alerting me of a new message . 
 yeah ok , but what about your dad ? 
 oh yeah , crap . 
 i rolled off my bed and walked down the stairs . 
 he was watching tv , -lrb- as always -rrb- . 
 it was a good thing that he did n't hear rhea and myself or he would have gone mad , or worse . 
 i approached him who was deeply staring into the screen . 
 `` dad , '' i started . 
 `` is it ok if me and the girls go and see a film tonight ? '' 
 i waited for his answer . 
 he paused the tv and turned to me . 
 `` ellie i do n't think it 's a good idea , plus you are suspended from school . '' 
 he said . 
 crap he had a point . 
 `` please dad , plus i was n't really suspended but i 'll be careful , please . '' 
 i waited for an answer . 
 `` fine , '' he finally said . 
 `` but not out late , see the film then back home '' `` thank you , thank you '' i kissed him on his cheek and i was about to go upstairs and changed when my dad called me back . 
 `` how you getting there ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` well i think lilly is driving . '' 
 i replied . 
 `` are you sure about that ? '' 
 he said hinting to me . 
 i paused for a second before answering . 
 `` yeah dad i 'll be fine i promise . '' 
 to be honest i was dreading going back in a car . 
 i walked up the stairs and changed into a tight black fitting top and my favorite dark jeans with my comfy flats . 
 i put some simple eye liner on and a bit of foundation to cover the bruises . 
 i grabbed my phone from my lazy trousers and texted lilly . 
 i can go so what time you picking me up then ? 
 my phone buzzed again . 
 getting in car now going to pick up becky first then head to yours so wo n't be long x i opened my wardrobe and rummaged through the box of purses . 
 i had quite a few . 
 i picked a small black one with white sequins on . 
 i placed some money into the purse , along with my phone and a few more essentials and clasped it shut . 
 i walked back down stairs and waited for the girls to arrive . 
 dad was still engrossed in the tv , not taking his eyes off the screen . 
 they were showing a documentary with wild animals or something , i did n't catch the title . 
 i sat down to watch it along with him . 
 i was relieved when my phone buzzed in my purse . 
 i grabbed my phone and read the text . 
 nearly there be at yours in 5 x i jumped up from the sofa and bent over to kiss my dad 's forehead . 
 then i remembered what rhea had said about the same blood . 
 that 's why my powers do n't work , he 's family . 
 dad did n't take his eyes off the screen while i planted a kiss on his forehead . 
 i grabbed my thin black jacket from under the stairs . 
 `` i 'm going now dad . '' 
 i said . 
 `` have fun and be safe . '' 
 he called from the sofa , his eyes still fixed on the documentary . 
 i stepped outside closing the door behind me . 
 the fresh air whirled around me . 
 it was nice to be outside . 
 being cooped up in the house would have driven me mad . 
 i did n't have to wait too long as the two girls came around the corner in lilly 's bright red car . 
 lilly turned seventeen a few weeks back and her dad bought her a car . 
 -lrb- lucky her -rrb- , i waved to them as i walked towards the car . 
 my hand went straight to the door handle , and for a second i felt like running away from the metal death trap . 
 i took a few deep breaths and slid into the back see and strapped myself in tightly . 
 lilly and becky turned to me and both smiled like naughty school children . 
 `` what 's wrong , why you smiling like that for ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` well we 've been talking , your getting quite the reputation for being a bad girl ellie . '' 
 said becky . 
 `` what 're you talking about ? '' 
 `` well fighting in school and sneaking out to go see a film . '' 
 she laughed `` no , i asked my dad and he said it was ok . '' 
 i said while blushing a deep scarlet . 
 `` are you sure ellie ? 
 i swore i just saw you climbing down that drain pipe . '' 
 lilly laughed . 
 `` just drive will you and i did n't climb down anything . '' 
 i chucked . 
 lilly pulled away from my house and turned around the corner . 
 we went at a slow pace . 
 -lrb- more so for me -rrb- , lilly looked in her rear view mirror to check on how i was doing . 
 `` so what do we wan na ' see then girls ? '' 
 becky asked . 
 before i could speak lilly spoke up . 
 `` please ellie no horror . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` fine . '' 
 `` good , '' lilly smiled . 
 `` so what are we going to see then ? '' 
 becky asked again . 
 `` well there is that new romantic comedy showing ? '' 
 lilly insisted . 
 becky and i made a gagging noise which lilly was not happy with . 
 `` we will see when we get there ok . '' 
 said lilly . 
 `` fine . '' 
 becky and i said together . 
 as we approached the movie theater , i could see the bright lights they projected into the air , slowly circling around the building and up into the air . 
 lilly parked the car in the provided car park . 
 lilly was n't a good parker , so becky got out of the car and guided her in . 
 i did n't realize that my hand was tightly gripped onto the door handle . 
 releasing my grip on the handle , lilly opened my door and waited for me to crawl out . 
 i straightened myself while she locked the car with a press of her keys . 
 the massive theater stood in front of us showing different posters being displayed on the huge walls . 
 the three of us walked towards the building entrance . 
 i held back , looking at the high film posters that were blowing in the wind . 
 one of the posters had an attractive woman with a short white dress , with a gun tucked tightly into her garter . 
 it looked like rhea , getting a better look . 
 it was n't her , just too much photoshop . 
 thinking about her made me remember of what she said to me , about what i could do to people . 
 the thought of controlling people made my body tingle . 
 `` ellie ! '' 
 shouted lilly . 
 i looked over and saw becky and lilly waiting for me . 
 `` sorry just looking at the posters , '' i said . 
 `` come on then . '' 
 said becky . 
 i broke into a quick jog to catch up with them . 
 i pushed open the heavy entrance doors , and one by one we entered into the theater . 
 the entrance was decorated in a deep blue with a tiny hint of purple thrown in . 
 the cinema was an old building that was converted recently . 
 before it was changed , it used to produce plays and operas for the public . 
 i wonder what i would have been like back then . 
 inside there were hardly anyone inside . 
 i think we were early . 
 the girls were looking up at the screens and pointing at what film they wanted to watch . 
 `` ellie ! '' 
 becky called after me again . 
 i sludge over to them on the sticky carpet . 
 -lrb- great hope my shoes are n't wrecked . -rrb- 
 i stood with them looking up at the monitors , deciding what to watch . 
 `` mm , '' moaned lilly . 
 `` what about this one ? '' 
 asked becky . 
 `` no way , too cutesy '' i said . 
 `` what about this ? '' 
 `` too gory . '' 
 said lilly . 
 `` what ? 
 no it 's not . '' 
 said becky . 
 `` i 've seen the trailer , it 's gory , so it 's a no . '' 
 lilly said . 
 in the end we decided on an action film with known hot actors , but no gore . 
 -lrb- sadly -rrb- the film was going to start in ten minutes so we stood in line to get tickets . 
 in front , were two people queuing . 
 one of them was a girl who had no manners and had long fake yellowish hair extensions running down her back . 
 she turned around one or twice to get a glace of us , the girl had very heavy makeup on and clumpy mascara . 
 it was like she shoveled it onto her face . 
 the guy next to her had to listen to her talk nonsense while they lined up . 
 he did n't care ; he just stood there while she flapped her lips . 
 they quickly bought their ticket and the girl practically snatched them out of the server 's hands . 
 we were next in line and i decided to do something dangerous . 
 i looked around , we were the only ones lining up and the woman was alone behind the counter . 
 i had to see if rhea was right . 
 we told the woman the name of the movie while becky and lilly both handed over the money . 
 i pulled out a note and reached out , handing it to her . 
 she took the money but i held firmly onto it . 
 with my other hand i slowly started to caress her skin . 
 i could hear lilly and becky gasp at the side of me . 
 once i touched the woman 's skin every nerve inside my body exploded like fireworks . 
 her pupils went wide and i could feel her desire growing animalistic towards me . 
 i tried to control her feelings , if i did n't get this right she would go out of control . 
 i shut my eyes . 
 then all of a sudden her thoughts burst into my mind , every desire , every dream she had , i knew them all and right now she wanted me . 
 i trembled with goosebumps , while i went deeper into her mind . 
 the woman and i were connected . 
 using that connection , i fought to control her . 
 `` ellie what are you doing ? '' 
 whispered lilly . 
 i ignored her and continued . 
 i opened my eyes to see the woman was in a daze , her eyes stared into nothingness . 
 `` i can see this movie for free ? '' 
 i asked softly . 
 `` ellie ! '' 
 lilly whispered again . 
 this time she was n't happy . 
 the half dazed young woman turned to her screen and printed off my ticket and handed it to me . 
 `` ellie what did you do ? '' 
 asked becky . 
 `` that was such a rush . '' 
 i said to them with excitement . 
 `` that was dangerous , you could 've have gotten hurt . '' 
 said becky i ignored their worries while i walked away , smiling with my free ticket . 
 i headed towards the food section and looked around . 
 i was n't that hungry since i had eaten earlier but i did fancy some popcorn . 
 ellie and becky browsed what they had to offer . 
 again i looked around hardly anyone was around but this time there were two people serving . 
 crap , i could n't get away with this again could i ? 
 `` becky , lilly , '' i called them over . 
 `` can you distract that young guy serving over there for me ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` ellie you 're not are you ? '' 
 asked lilly . 
 `` i 'm going to try and get some popcorn . '' 
 i said . 
 `` ellie , that 's stealing . '' 
 `` get us a big fat bucket ok . '' 
 said becky . 
 becky dragged lilly towards the young guy who looked very bored . 
 i was left with an older man in his late twenties . 
 slowly walking up to the counter i caught his attention . 
 `` hi , yeah could i get a big bucket of popcorn please , the sweet kind , '' i said while i got the money out . 
 like before i handed it over to him first and my other hand seized the opportunity . 
 this guys hand was kinda ' rough , he really needed some lotion . 
 i ignored his hard skin and closed my eyes . 
 i concentrated again like i had with the woman . 
 again i could feel all his desires and his thoughts flow freely . 
 my goosebumps traveled down from the top of my head all the way down to my toes . 
 slowly the connection i needed came into place . 
 as we were one for those moments , i could feel something struggling against my control . 
 it was slowly pushing me away . 
 there was no way was i going to give up . 
 i pushed harder until my head began to pound . 
 finally i found what was repelling me , his soul . 
 with my power i pushed forward , mentally grabbing his soul . 
 it felt warm and soft . 
 once i touched it he was fully under my control . 
 i opened my eyes and i saw he adopted the same dazed look on his face like the woman before him . 
 he grabbed an empty bucket and scooped up the popcorn . 
 he did this until it overflowed and placed it onto the counter . 
 i took the bucket and left . 
 i called the girls who were still talking to the young guy and it looked like they were enjoying it , -lrb- especially becky -rrb- . 
 lilly looked over her shoulder and i showed her the popcorn . 
 both of them quickly ended the conversation and joined me . 
 `` my god ellie . '' 
 said lilly . 
 i smiled at both of them while i took a handful of popcorn . 
 `` hey do n't eat it all , we all worked for that . '' 
 said becky . 
 lilly gave a disapproving look . 
 `` what 's wrong lilly ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` ellie it 's kind of freaky that 's all . '' 
 lilly replied . 
 my face dropped . 
 i could not believe what she just said . 
 lilly practically called me a freak . 
 i stared at her while clutching my stolen popcorn . 
 `` lilly ! '' 
 becky yelled . 
 she then realized what she said . 
 `` i 'm so sorry ellie , it just came out . 
 can you forgive me ? '' 
 she pleaded . 
 `` it 's ok lilly . 
 i bet it can be scary . '' 
 i said . 
 `` now can we watch go and watch the movie , i 'm dying to see some hunkness ' . '' 
 becky asked . 
 the three of us walked down one of the corridors , passing doors to the other films and glossy film posters . 
 at the end of the corridor we saw the rude girl and her so-called boyfriend , they were waiting to go see the same film as us . 
 `` oh god , i hope she does n't talk through it . '' 
 i said . 
 `` that girl looks a right state , '' said becky `` even i 've worn less make-up . '' 
 `` ugh look . '' 
 lilly said pointing to the floor . 
 i looked down at the sticky carpet and saw a thick strand of yellowish blonde hair . 
 the girl was shedding her fake extensions . 
 `` that 's just gross . '' 
 i said . 
 `` she 's bought a cheap weave , look at the color . 
 it looks more yellow then blonde '' becky said . 
 `` just make sure you do n't get any on your shoes , otherwise you wo n't be coming in my car '' said lilly . 
 as we walked towards them , we had to stop talking about her since we arrived at our screening door . 
 the girl turned to us and gave us a fake smile . 
 her boyfriend stood there eyeing me up and down . 
 he had thick brown hair that fell around his face and had a thin pre-teen mustache forming around his thin lips . 
 for a moment i felt like a piece of meat . 
 he made me shiver and not in a good way . 
 before he could do any more ` looking ' they both went into the screening room . 
 `` let 's go in then . '' 
 said lilly . 
 `` no not yet . '' 
 i said . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 asked becky `` that guy just gives me the creeps and i do n't want him leering at me . '' 
 i replied . 
 `` oh ok . '' 
 said lilly . 
 after five minutes we entered the dark room , in front of us was the bright colored screen showing adverts . 
 i looked up , scanning the room for the guy and his girlfriend . 
 both of them were sitting at the back , and she had her phone out , what a surprise . 
 the bright phone lit up her unnatural face , thick with make-up . 
 we climbed the steps and sat a few rows in front of them . 
 i decided to sit in the middle of the girls to share my popcorn . 
 we sat in the dark waiting for the film to start . 
 they showed adverts after adverts . 
 i was already eating my popcorn before the film started , the girls took handfuls too . 
 we were whispering to each other during the adverts but when we saw the lights darken and the film title , we stopped and stared at the screen for the film to start . 
 the film opened with a car chase , -lrb- typical -rrb- . 
 some known film hunk was speeding down a road while blasting off his gun . 
 once i got settled into the film i began to enjoy it . 
 chapter thirteen at one point in the film , two people were reveling plot twists and one of them was a woman . 
 a femme fatale . 
 i love the femme fatales on film ; they always surrounded themselves with mystery , making me want to know more . 
 i was on the edge of my seat shoveling popcorn into my mouth with anticipation when the girl a few rows back started talking on her phone . 
 `` where am i ? 
 i 'm at the cinema , nah boring film can not understand the plot at all . '' 
 she blabbed . 
 i turned around and looked at her , but she was too busy to notice me . 
 `` agh i wish she would shut up . '' 
 said becky . 
 `` yeah she 's getting on my nerves . '' 
 added lilly . 
 `` ellie ca n't you deal with her ? '' 
 asked becky . 
 `` what do you . . '' 
 i then understood what she was saying . 
 i turned to lilly and was about to ask if she minded but she just nodded her head . 
 i got up from the seat and made my way to the back of the room . 
 i climbed up the steps and made my way towards her . 
 i sat in the empty seat next to her and she turned to me . 
 `` excuse me what do you think you are doing ? '' 
 the fake blonde asked . 
 `` hold on , '' she said to the phone . 
 she was about to open her mouth again to speak but i grabbed her hand . 
 the girl 's phone dropped beside her and her body went still . 
 her boyfriend watched in confusion . 
 the same feeling washed over me like a tidal wave . 
 the tingling sensation flowed up and down my body . 
 i peered into the girls mind who did n't have an intelligent thought inside her head , and her desires were only material . 
 this girl gave off a different vibe than the other two , but i did n't want to lose to her . 
 i slowly squeezed my grip on her hand . 
 somehow this girl was mentally pushing me away . 
 my whole body rippled with power and i could feel my hair prickle at the back of my neck . 
 then like the others before i could see her soul vibrating with energy , but this time it was n't warm or soft . 
 it was cold , like stone . 
 her thoughts flowed through me . 
 this girl was just another beth . 
 i could feel her hatred for other people and the person who only mattered in the world was herself . 
 more memories flowed through my mind , and i could see the pain she brought to others . 
 slowly i started to squeeze her cold soul mentally . 
 i wanted to turn it into dust . 
 the fake blonde started to twitch awkwardly in her seat . 
 but just at the last second i thought she was n't worth it . 
 i released my grip and the girl 's eyes adopted the same vacant stare . 
 with my hand still grasped on her wrist i slowly said . 
 `` get out . '' 
 the girl stood up and abandoned her boyfriend along with her phone . 
 i watched her walk down the steps and out to the exit . 
 i turned to the boyfriend who gave me that creepy look again . 
 he moved closer towards me and i quickly ran back to my seat in disgust . 
 `` all done , '' i said with a smile on my face . 
 i took another handful of the stolen popcorn and picked at it one by one . 
 i smiled to myself knowing that i could easily influence people . 
 this curse that i was so scared of made me confident and i really liked it . 
 lilly and beth were glued to the screen -lrb- there was a topless scene -rrb- . 
 while they watched the film my mind was racing with thoughts and i could not keep up with them . 
 a thought slowly crept into my mind , that i should use my power to get what i wanted , but was i that kind of person who would just exploit my ability just for my selfish reasons . 
 i decided that i would n't use my power until i fully understood it . 
 maybe rhea could tell me more ? 
 then my mind went straight into panic mode . 
 everything rhea told me was true , even the faceless creatures in my dreams . 
 those things were real . 
 a shiver ran up my spine . 
 i could almost remember the smell they gave off , i tried to shake the horrible thought from my mind , when i remembered again that rhea said they would come after me . 
 another chill ran up my spine and i squeezed my eyes shut . 
 no , no , no , no . 
 that will not happen i thought . 
 i still had my eyes shut when i could feel someone standing over me . 
 my eyes opened to see lilly and becky up on their feet . 
 i looked around to see everyone was leaving . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 i asked them . 
 `` the films finished . '' 
 lilly replied . 
 i stared at the large screen to see the credits rolling . 
 `` do n't tell me you slept through it ellie ? '' 
 becky asked . 
 `` did i ? 
 i must have . '' 
 i said . 
 `` come on let go . '' 
 said becky . 
 i stood up from my seat and brushed off the fallen popcorn that clung to me . 
 lilly and becky were first to leave and i followed behind them down the stairs . 
 both of them held open the theater doors for me and i thanked them . 
 the bright lights greeted us from the dark room and i had to close my eyes for them to slowly adjust . 
 i squinted to see lilly and becky were trailing in front . 
 quickly i picked up my pace and caught up to them . 
 both of them were talking about the film they just watched . 
 `` o.m.g. . 
 he was so handsome . '' 
 said lilly . 
 `` totally , i just wanted to see him without his shirt on . '' 
 becky added . 
 i plodded along behind them , just listening while they swooned over the main character . 
 we moved passed the food counter and on tip toes i looked for the guy that had served me . 
 there was quite a queue forming but i could almost make him out through the crowd of people , he looked normal while he was serving people . 
 i smiled to myself knowing that he did n't look like a mindless zombie anymore . 
 as i carried on walking i could hear two people talking very loud . 
 turning in the direction , it was the cheep blonde and her boyfriend . 
 they were arguing amongst themselves , and i did n't want to stay in case the girl recognized me . 
 i quickly walked passed them while trying to hide my face . 
 i walked passed where we bought our tickets . 
 i could see the woman dealing with some customers . 
 she was smiling while serving , again she looked normal . 
 another smile formed onto my lips . 
 `` thank god . '' 
 i said out loud . 
 i was relieved that they were back to normal and i did n't harm them . 
 i would n't be able to live with myself if i hurt an innocent person . 
 `` ellie are you coming ? '' 
 lilly called from the exit . 
 i nodded and lightly jogged towards them . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 i called out . 
 we exited through the door and the cold wind whipped around us , blowing our hair up around our faces . 
 i crossed my arms around me while we hurried towards the car park . 
 the wind began to pick up and the three of us ran towards the bright red car . 
 becky tried to hold her skirt down , but she was fighting against the wind . 
 lilly rummaged through her bag to find her keys while we waited `` hurry up lilly , '' i said while shivering . 
 `` it 's cold , hurry up . '' 
 said becky . 
 `` all right , let me just find them , '' lilly dug deeper into her bag . 
 `` got them ! '' 
 she shouted and the car made an unlocking sound . 
 we all jumped in the car . 
 i decided to go in the back again . 
 the car was no warmer then outside . 
 i rubbed my cold hands together to try and warm myself up and pulled my jacket tightly around me . 
 lilly stuck the key into the ignition and turned it , the car came to life with a rumble . 
 `` stick the heating on . '' 
 asked becky . 
 i saw lilly fumble with the heating controls , she was pressing random buttons . 
 she stopped when loud burst of air shot out of the heaters . 
 lilly pulled us out of the car park and we headed back home . 
 `` uh girls , '' i wanted their attention . 
 `` you wo n't tell anyone about tonight will you ? '' 
 lilly looked at me in the rear view mirror . 
 `` of course not ellie , we would n't do that . '' 
 she gave me a smile which reassured me . 
 `` yeah we would n't do that to you , '' said becky . 
 `` anyway who would believe us ? '' 
 `` thanks girls . '' 
 relief washed over me . 
 `` it was cool watching you do it though , you could make anyone do what you want . '' 
 said becky . 
 `` i do n't want to make anyone do anything . 
 that was a onetime thing . '' 
 i answered . 
 `` good girl ellie , do n't take becky 's advice . '' 
 lilly said proudly . 
 `` well i have thought about it , i do n't think i 'm the kind of person who could do that to people just to get my own way . '' 
 i said `` oh come on ellie we can make beth do all sorts of stuff , it 'd be fun . '' 
 she said . 
 i began to think it over would it be so bad just to mess around with just a few people in school . 
 my thoughts were cut short . 
 `` do n't you dare ! '' 
 lilly practically shouted at me . 
 `` she can do what she wants . '' 
 said becky . 
 `` it 's wrong , it just is . 
 you just can not play with people like that . '' 
 `` oh ? 
 but it was ok for you when ellie made that girl get out ? '' 
 said becky . 
 `` well she was annoying , but there is a difference , you two are talking about seeking people out and messing with them . '' 
 lilly added . 
 i felt like i was torn between right and wrong , becky in one corner and lilly in one another . 
 there was no way i was going to side with any of them . 
 i decided i wanted my thoughts to be heard . 
 `` shut up you two ! '' 
 i shouted . 
 there was finally silence in the car . 
 i had both of their attention and now it was my turn . 
 `` lilly you are right , it is wrong to do such things and becky , there is a part of me that would love to go to school and make some people pay . 
 but that 's just not me , this thing inside of me it kinda ' scares the hell out of me , and i just want to crawl into bed and never come out . '' 
 i took a breath . 
 `` everything is getting out of hand since kate 's death . 
 on the outside i 'm all smiles and sunshine but on the inside i 'm falling apart '' i could feel my face get hot while tears trickled down my face . 
 `` i feel that it 's my fault that she died since she was driving me in the first place . 
 i just wished that she 'd never died . 
 sometimes i wished that it was me instead . '' 
 both lilly and becky gasped . 
 `` i know i should n't think that , but i do . 
 and on top of that i 've got night terrors and sometimes i 'm too scared to sleep . 
 those people in there , you saw what i did to them , and for what ? 
 a free ticket and popcorn , you 're right lilly it 's wrong , i 'm a horrible person . '' 
 i placed my hands over my face and slowly sobbed into them . 
 `` i had no idea you felt like that ellie , i 'm so sorry and you 're not horrible . '' 
 said becky `` ellie i 'm sorry , you should never say it 's your fault even if you feel it . 
 it was just an accident . '' 
 said lilly . 
 `` ellie if i could , i would give you a big hug '' `` me too . '' 
 added becky . 
 i wiped my face with the back of my hand . 
 becky opened the glove box , inside were a small pack of tissues . 
 she took them and handed them to me with a smile . 
 i ripped open the packet and pulled some free . 
 i cleared my face and blew my nose . 
 `` thanks girls '' i said with a croaky voice . 
 `` ellie if you need us just phone , we 're here for you . '' 
 said lilly . 
 becky agreed with lilly . 
 `` thanks '' i said again . 
 i dabbed at my eyes with the tissue . 
 how did everything get so messed up in a short amount of time ? 
 i sat back in the seat and waited to go home . 
 chapter fourteen `` ellie you 're home now . '' 
 lilly said softly . 
 i looked up from the floor and peered out into the dimming light . 
 `` do you want us to come in with you ? '' 
 asked becky . 
 `` no that 's alright , i 'm just going to have an early night maybe a bath , '' i answered . 
 `` but thanks anyway and if i need to talk i 'll call . '' 
 the two girls looked back in their seats . 
 `` yeah call us anytime ellie . '' 
 said becky . 
 i got out of the car and watched them drive away from the house . 
 as soon as the car disappeared around the corner i felt awful , like someone had flipped a switch inside me . 
 before i entered the house i took out my compact make-up mirror and checked my face , some of the redness had disappeared . 
 my skin did n't look healthy at all , it was grey and dull , and i was washed out . 
 the only thing was red was my cute button nose . 
 i put the compact into my clutch and entered the house feeling like crap . 
 dad was sitting on the sofa still watching tv . 
 `` hi dad i 'm back . '' 
 i called to him as i hung up my jacket while trying to cover my face . 
 i walked into the living room and let myself fall onto the sofa . 
 i felt tired all of a sudden and started yawning . 
 `` how was the film ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` um yeah it was alright i guess , '' i answered . 
 `` the girls said i slept through it . '' 
 `` what a waste of money . '' 
 dad said . 
 my stomach knotted when he talked about the money . 
 `` yeah it was , '' i said with guilt in my voice . 
 `` i think i might have a bath and then go to bed . '' 
 `` yeah i think your right . 
 i may have an early night as well . '' 
 dad answered . 
 i took a deep breath and felt all my energy drain from my body . 
 my old aches and pains were back . 
 i got up from the sofa and dragged myself up the stairs while my body cried out in pain . 
 i switched on the bathroom light and turned on the hot and cold taps . 
 while pouring in some of my favorite strawberry bubble bath , i sniffed the liquid and the sweet smell lifted me in a slightly better mood . 
 i grabbed my bath candles and lit them around the edges , having the candles around the bath made it more relaxing . 
 my ipod was docked and ready to go , waiting for me to press play . 
 the speakers started to play soft music that i always used when taking a bath , nothing too loud . 
 once the bath was full i turned off the light and stripped off . 
 i gently lowered myself into the steaming hot water . 
 my bruises cried out as the hot water lapped over them . 
 once i got use to the water i laid back into the lounge position . 
 the hot water felt nice , i could feel all my aches and pains disappear within minutes . 
 it felt nice to relax as the candles flickered in the dark while the music playing softly . 
 i could have easily fallen asleep while in the bath . 
 i sat up and grabbed my strawberry body wash and started to lather up with soft suds , making sure not to scrub my beaten body too hard . 
 i laid back into the bath to wash all the lather off . 
 as i laid there with my eyes closed my mind began to work . 
 again i was beginning to think of those monsters i dreamt about . 
 i hope i do n't dream of them again tonight i thought . 
 rhea then popped into my mind . 
 for someone who was n't human , she was beautiful . 
 i wonder what she was . 
 should i trust her ? 
 i did n't know . 
 she 'd just appeared into my life and i 'm expected to trust her . 
 i tried to put it out of my mind . 
 i started to listen to the soothing beats of the music . 
 the water around me was starting to go lukewarm and my fingers starting to prune up . 
 i decided that i had had enough and pulled the plug . 
 i slowly stood up from the soapy water making sure that i did n't fall back and hurt myself . 
 climbing out of the bath , i took the towel that was folded on the radiator and started to dry my body with the warm fuzzy towel . 
 the softness of the towel felt nice against my skin , but became wet and soggy quickly . 
 i switched off the music and placed my ipod to one side . 
 wrapping the towel around my chest , i picked up my old clothes that were discarded on the floor . 
 quickly i stepped out into the hall and hurried off to my bedroom , being careful that my towel did n't slip . 
 i looked in my draws to find some oversized t-shirts and grabbed the first pair of underwear i could find . 
 i dropped the towel to the floor and changed into the lazy clothes . 
 crawling into bed felt like heaven . 
 as i lay there , i thought about watching a movie from my collection but i was too tired to get up and look for one . 
 finally switching off the lamp , i got into a comfy position and i tried to block off my mind and after a few minutes sleep came to me . 
 my eyes opened to complete darkness . 
 i groggily checked my digital clock to see that it was four in the morning . 
 `` crap . '' 
 i mumbled . 
 i wanted to sleep through till morning , but i was glad that i did n't have those dreams . 
 i tried to go back to sleep but the room felt too stuffy . 
 something was n't right , i felt uneasy . 
 i got up from my comfy bed and opened the window to air the room out . 
 the wind outside filled my bedroom with its sharp cold air and slowly blew my curtains with ease . 
 i then dragged myself back to my bed . 
 i opened my eyes again for the second time to find my room filled with sunlight . 
 finally i had slept through till morning and without the nasty dreams . 
 i again cheeked my clock ; it showed that it was nearly ten o clock . 
 my eyes lit up with surprise and i started to panic . 
 `` why did n't dad wake me for school ? '' 
 i said with panic . 
 until it dawned on me that i had no school . 
 i did n't want to go back to sleep so i stretched my aching muscles slowly and threw back the covers . 
 i slipped on some clean pajamas bottoms , and went downstairs to the kitchen to get something to eat . 
 dad was in the kitchen leaning on the counter , drinking -lrb- from what i could only guess -rrb- tea . 
 `` morning dad , '' i said while yawning . 
 `` morning , '' he replied . 
 `` ellie i have to go into town today for a few things , do you want to come ? '' 
 `` um , no thanks i just want to stay home today and just do nothing . '' 
 i placed some bread into the toaster . 
 `` that 's fine , i wo n't be long . '' 
 he said . 
 `` so what time did you go to bed then ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` hm , let me see it was after nine i think , just a while after you had your bath . '' 
 he replied . 
 `` so not that late then . '' 
 i grabbed the honey jar from the kitchen cupboard . 
 the lid was sticky with its sweetness and i licked the golden goodness of my fingers . 
 `` so what do you need to go into town for ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he did n't answer straight away and i felt maybe it was the wrong question to ask . 
 `` it 's for kate . '' 
 he slowly said . 
 i remained quiet and regretted asking . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 i said . 
 `` it 's ok . '' 
 `` instead i 'll like to come . '' 
 i said . 
 i wanted to support him through this . 
 `` no , no , stay here , i 'll be fine . '' 
 he insisted . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yes , i 'll be fine ellie , but thanks for offering . '' 
 remembering about my toast , i quickly pressed the button and out popped the golden brown toast , this time i was thankful that it was n't burnt like last time . 
 i lifted up the butter dish and started to spread the butter and the honey on slices of toast . 
 in the cupboard , i took one of the small plates and carried my breakfast into the living room -lrb- after asking my dad if it was ok first -rrb- . 
 we both went into the living room together . 
 i sat down to watch morning tv , while he got ready upstairs . 
 flicking through the many channels , i found a morning talk show and decided to watch it while i ate . 
 it showed the top story 's of the day so far , while interviewing people on different subjects . 
 i hated the news , it always depressed me and i tried to stay away from it . 
 `` right , i 'm off now . '' 
 dad called from the hall . 
 `` see you after , bye . '' 
 i called back to him while waving a toast free hand . 
 i heard the door close shut . 
 i turned up the volume of the tv just a tiny bit , just for background noise . 
 i finished my toast and went upstairs to get my phone . 
 i opened my clutch purse to see my phone sitting at the bottom with the notes i used as a lure . 
 i put it at the back of my mind for now . 
 i walked back down the stairs while checking if i had any messages . 
 -lrb- nothing -rrb- . 
 while still walking down the stairs i could hear what sounded like floorboards creaking . 
 i slowly turned and walked back up the stairs . 
 had dad come back in the house and i did n't notice ? 
 `` dad ? '' 
 i called out . 
 there was no reply . 
 i stood on the top of the stairs waiting for the sound . 
 after a few minutes the sound never reappeared and i walked back down the stairs ignoring it . 
 with my phone in my hand , i wanted to talk to the girls , but they would be in class and they would get in trouble if their phones started beeping . 
 i decided to watch the tv since the news part was over , now they were interviewing a woman , -lrb- i was n't really paying attention -rrb- . 
 the interview dragged on asking the woman weird questions about her life . 
 i think she was some sort of celebrity , but i did n't recognize her at all but i continued to watch just for the sake of it . 
 while still watching the tv i heard another noise , but this time it sounded like something was tapping on glass and it was coming from the kitchen . 
 i muted the tv and tried to listen closely to the weird noise . 
 it was getting louder and coming from the kitchen . 
 dropping the remote on the sofa , i decided to check it out . 
 i opened the kitchen door and looked around for the weird noise . 
 everything seemed to be okay , nothing was out of place . 
 what was that knocking noise ? 
 i stood in the middle of the kitchen waiting for the noise again . 
 it never repeated itself . 
 i gave up and got back into the living room in frustration . 
 i unmuted the tv and decided to ignore the stupid noises . 
 after deciding to stay put my phone beeped . 
 i swiped at the screen to read it . 
 the message was from lilly . 
 she must have sent it while in class , and she 's never text during class . 
 she must be worried about me . 
 knowing she was thinking of me made me smile and i read the text . 
 hi ellie how are you ? 
 speak to you tonight x. i typed in the message i wanted to send , but thought against it since she would still be in class . 
 i 'll text her when they 're on break . 
 i thought to myself . 
 i placed my phone down , to hear for the third time the weird tapping noise from the kitchen , but this time it was louder and it seemed to come from different directions . 
 `` what the hell 's going on ! '' 
 i demanded . 
 i got up from the sofa and marched into the kitchen , when i stopped dead . 
 my whole body froze . 
 in the kitchen was the faceless monster that i had been dreaming of . 
 chapter fifteen the back door stood ajar and a perfect circle cut into the glass . 
 the monster faced in my direction , but how could it see ? 
 this thing was standing in front of me clear as day . 
 he wore the same rags that were covered in dark red stains . 
 he was bald apart from a few deep scars that covered his head and face . 
 the only thing that made it remotely human was its mouth . 
 it started to lick its thin black decaying lips . 
 inside the creature 's mouth were a set of sharp pointed teeth that were stained in what looked like blood . 
 the smell it gave off hit me like a brick wall . 
 its foul stinking odor lingered around me and i could hardly breathe . 
 was i dreaming ? 
 did i fall asleep in front of the tv ? 
 no this was real . 
 i wanted to move , to get the hell away from it , but my body was rooted to the spot . 
 move ellie , move ! 
 i screamed inside my head . 
 my body finally cooperated with my brain . 
 i backed up from the foul smelling creature and ran through back through the living room . 
 i wanted to head outside and run away from the house , the home that always protected me . 
 but before i could get to the front door , another one of those monsters blocked my escape . 
 where were they coming from ? 
 abandoning the exit , i spun around and headed up the stairs , only to see that the monster from the kitchen followed me into the living room , it slunk slowly towards me with its foul odor . 
 i had to escape somewhere , anywhere . 
 with my eyes still pinned on him , i ran up the stairs . 
 within a few steps i felt something strike my face hard . 
 i lost my balance and fell backwards crashing to the floor , wincing in pain as my body screamed with agony . 
 once my vision had stopped spinning i saw the creature standing on the stairs with a twisted smile . 
 my lip felt twice its size and stung like hell . 
 blood filled my mouth and i swallowed the red metallic substance . 
 i tried to get to my feet , but my legs felt like jelly and could n't stand . 
 all three of the faceless monsters stalked towards me . 
 i was surrounded . 
 crap , i do n't want this ! 
 i screamed inside my head while clutching at my sides . 
 again i tried to get up as quickly as i could but it was no use . 
 i buried my head onto the floor and waited for them to take me away . 
 that 's when i heard a whizzing noise travel above me and ended with a crash . 
 i looked over to see the monster had been sent flying across the room and crashing into the wall , though he did n't stay down too long . 
 lifting my head up , i could see rhea standing over me . 
 she held out her hand which i gladly took . 
 he eyes latched onto my bleeding lip and her eyes turned a deep shade of red . 
 around us the air felt charged , like electricity . 
 the hairs on my arm and neck began to prickle . 
 the static around us hummed like buzzing bees , in a flash , rhea 's eyes turned deadly . 
 `` behind me , now ! '' 
 she spoke . 
 i agreed to her demand and ran behind her for cover . 
 rhea brought her hands out in front of her and a luminous white light gathered around her palms . 
 she shot the trail of white light at one of the creatures making the same whizzing noise . 
 the light exploded on impact , turning the creature into black ash . 
 i was shocked to see him turn to ash , but a bit relived that rhea was here . 
 two of the creatures were left and they charged towards us . 
 one of the monsters who had stuck me , charged straight for us , its talon claws reaching out , ready to strike . 
 rhea backhanded the monster , sending him spinning through the air and crashing against the tv . 
 `` oh crap , not the tv . '' 
 i shouted . 
 the second one , rushed towards us . 
 he did not care about his companion . 
 rhea again held out her hand and conjured another bright light that sparked . 
 it escaped from her hand and shot a hole through the foul creature 's heart . 
 the stalking creature rushing towards rhea stopped dead , and exploded into a cloud of ash leaving only one . 
 the faceless monster got to his feet after being sent flying into the tv . 
 he stood his ground and screamed a horrifying wail that brought me to my knees . 
 the pain was too much , i tried to block out the horrifying shrill , by covering both my ears but the pain felt like it was piecing through my brain . 
 it was pure agony and i screamed . 
 i looked up at rhea who did n't seem to be affected by it . 
 while she looked down on me i could see that my pain made her even angrier . 
 within a few seconds the scream was gone . 
 i looked at the creature who was now crumbling ash . 
 rhea bent down and pulled my hands from my ears . 
 `` ellie it 's over now . '' 
 she said kneeling on the floor . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i said weakly . 
 i looked at my hands to find specks of blood on each palm . 
 the agonizing scream had made my ears bleed . 
 i felt light headed and sick at the same time . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 rhea asked . 
 without thinking i hugged rhea and pulled her close . 
 she felt like stone but i continued to hug her tightly . 
 `` you saved me . '' 
 i said rhea pulled away from me and looked at me . 
 `` i wished i 'd got here sooner . '' 
 she said while looking at my puffy lip . 
 `` how did you know they were here ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` when any supernatural being enters your house i can sense it . 
 a few months ago i placed a spell to alert me of anything supernatural . 
 and i was right to do so . '' 
 she answered . 
 `` what are they ? 
 what do they want from me ? '' 
 i asked . 
 all these questions filled my mind and i wanted answers . 
 rhea stood up and held out a helping hand and i gladly took it . 
 her skin felt so soft , like velvet . 
 rhea pulled me up to my feet with ease . 
 she walked into the living room where the pile of ashes lay scattered on the floor . 
 `` these things , '' she said with a spiteful tone . 
 `` are like rats , the lowest of the low . 
 they live in the sewers . 
 this is the first time i 've seen them work together , normally they fight amongst themselves , but this time they were organized . '' 
 said rhea . 
 `` well they 're not human , are they like me ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` they are far from what you are . 
 they are called leaches , disgusting creatures . 
 ellie you are pure but these things are nothing like you . 
 yes they belong in the supernatural world , our world , but these things are foul , '' she replied . 
 `` but to attack you like this is something else . '' 
 i looked around the living room to see scorch marks stained the walls and broken belongings thrown onto the floor . 
 the tv lay shattered in the corner with some of its pieces mixed among the monsters ashes . 
 `` oh crap my dad will be here soon and what 's he going to think with this mess ? '' 
 i quickly said . 
 `` do n't worry i can handle it . '' 
 rhea raised her hand into the air and a wind began to whip around us . 
 the room started to move along with the wind . 
 the piles of black ashes disappeared and the tv returned back to normal , without a single scratch . 
 it was like we went back in time . 
 the scorch marks on the walls had vanished . 
 the house was back to normal . 
 pity she could n't do that to my rug . 
 `` did we just go back in time ? '' 
 i asked . 
 rhea laughed . 
 `` no my dear girl , not even i can do that . '' 
 the gentle wind around rhea quickly died down . 
 she walked towards me and gently touched my lip with her finger . 
 my lip began to tingle , and the sharp pain was gone . 
 the cut had completely healed . 
 `` wow , thank you rhea . '' 
 rhea then , looked uncomfortable . 
 `` ellie , i have to tell you something , '' she paused . 
 `` you are not safe here anymore , you need to come with me . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i do n't think my dad would be too happy to be told he needs to go with a complete stranger . '' 
 `` no , ellie . 
 just you , he can not come with us . '' 
 `` what ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 was what rhea saying true ? 
 i could not just leave my dad alone . 
 not after what has happened to us . 
 he would think i 'd deserted him , and i could not do that to him , not now . 
 `` no rhea . 
 thank you for what you have done , but i can not just leave him , '' i said . 
 `` he 's my dad and with everything that 's happened , i just ca n't leave . '' 
 `` ellie i understand you want to be with him , but it 's not safe for you anymore . 
 you saw what these things nearly did to you . '' 
 rhea said . 
 `` i will not abandon him , he 's all the family i 've got left . '' 
 i could feel myself getting angry . 
 `` ellie they will come back for you , and they will take you away . 
 you can not stay . 
 i can protect you if you come with me . '' 
 rhea said . 
 `` then we will wait for my dad so we can all go together . '' 
 `` it does not work like that ellie , only you can come , now pack a bag . '' 
 rhea was getting agitated . 
 `` why can not he come ? 
 he 'll be safe with us . '' 
 i wanted answers . 
 `` you 're one of a kind ellie , but he 's human . 
 he 's not like us , they 're not allowed in our world . 
 there are rules . '' 
 `` screw the rules , i want to stay with him . '' 
 i shouted . 
 `` that 's enough ! '' 
 as rhea shouted the house trembled with a powerful force . 
 i took a step back from her . 
 `` ellie , '' said rhea in a now calming tone . 
 `` there are things far powerful at work here and they are coming for you . 
 i wo n't stand by and watch them harm you and your father . 
 now go up stairs and pack a bag . '' 
 rhea had said enough on the matter and was staring forcefully at me . 
 `` fine . '' 
 i did n't want to argue anymore . 
 i tried to hold back the tears as i turned to go up the stairs , dragging my feet with every step . 
 inside my bedroom i took an old backpack from my wardrobe . 
 i packed some jeans , t-shirts and a few jumpers just to be sure . 
 i also grabbed some thick socks and a few pairs of underwear . 
 i zipped up the old bag and took one last look at my bedroom . 
 maybe i 'll get to come back but deep down even i knew that would be anytime soon . 
 i closed the door to my bedroom , hoping to see it again . 
 dad 's room was just on the right and i peeked inside . 
 his room was quite messy , his bed unmade and his clothes discarded on the floor . 
 i entered his room and i could smell his favorite musky cologne lingering in the air . 
 on his bedside table was a photo frame with kate , my dad , and myself . 
 the picture was taken about eleven years ago , i was about five years old and the three of us were smiling in what looks like a woodland area , sitting on a red and white picnic blanket . 
 i thought of taking the photo but something in my mind thought that he was going to need it more than i. next to the photo frame was dad 's bottle of cologne , i pulled the cap off and inhaled deeply . 
 the manly scent wafted straight up my nose and i could picture him straight away as the musk played with my memoires . 
 smiling from memory , i placed down the bottle and left my dad 's room to meet up with rhea downstairs . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i placed on my tatty shoes and then i was ready . 
 i took a deep breath and nodded . 
 this was it . 
 rhea gently took my hand . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` where i know it to be safe . '' 
 she replied . 
 `` where ? '' 
 i asked again . 
 rhea smiled . 
 `` my home of course . '' 
 she replied . 
 chapter sixteen `` but what about my dad ? 
 will he be safe ? '' 
 `` i 'll make sure that he 's protected , but once you leave this house you can not come back so easily . '' 
 she replied `` now shall we go ? '' 
 with her hand still tightly gripped into mine , rhea closed her eyes . 
 confused , i stood there staring at her perfect formed face . 
 i was about to say something when the room began to shake and contort into strange shapes . 
 the walls around us began to crumble away and the floor exploded from our feet leaving nothing but emptiness . 
 my home was gone , leaving rhea and i suspended in air . 
 the world started to spin around us , shooting colors and shapes into my view . 
 i felt as if i was riding in a rollercoaster , riding up to the top and then shooting straight to the ground with powerful g-force . 
 the world snapped back to normality as i slipped from rhea 's grip . 
 i rolled on what felt like soft ground . 
 as soon as my vision cleared , i threw up the contents of my stomach . 
 i wiped my mouth and sat up looking around . 
 i found myself sitting in a woodland area . 
 there was thick tall grass all around me with trees mighty high . 
 looking up , i could hear singing birds chirping their sweet tune while they flew around in the air above . 
 `` rhea ? '' 
 i called out . 
 i got to my feet and looked around . 
 there were no roads , no houses , just empty land as far as the eye could see . 
 `` crap ! '' 
 i said to myself . 
 `` rhea , where are you ! '' 
 `` i 'm here ellie . '' 
 rhea called out . 
 she came walking over to me , watching where she stepped in her expensive high heels . 
 `` i thought you left me . '' 
 i said . 
 `` i would never leave you . '' 
 rhea said with a smile . 
 i rushed towards her and embraced her with a hug . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i asked . 
 rhea gave a little chuckle . 
 `` ellie , it sometimes happens to people who are new to teleportation . '' 
 she said . 
 `` teleportation ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yes it 's like going from one place to the next without having to walk . '' 
 she explained . 
 i pulled away from her and stared up at her beautiful sculptured face . 
 she truly was a goddess . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 rhea said . 
 i looked around again . 
 `` where ? 
 did we stop at the wrong place or something ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` over there . '' 
 rhea pointed out into a dark park of the woods . 
 rhea walked in front and i tried to keep up , she was much quicker and light on her feet . 
 the ground was uneven and i slipped a few times on some small rocks . 
 -lrb- plus trying to carry a full backpack did not help -rrb- . 
 fly 's buzzed around my face while we walked deeper into the woods . 
 it felt like we had been walking for what seemed like an hour , when rhea stopped and pointed out . 
 looking where she was pointing , i could see nothing but more trees and long tall grass . 
 `` rhea there 's nothing there . '' 
 i said . 
 rhea looked back and smiled . 
 `` oh but there is , do n't you see it ? '' 
 she asked . 
 she waved her hand and before me stood a three story house . 
 it was decorated beautifully with elaborated wood carvings around the house , along with clear glass windows . 
 the house , coated in black and white with a modern touch mixed in to it . 
 gargoyles stone statues decorated at the sides of the house , giving it an old , yet new feel to it . 
 i followed after rhea who opened a large metal gate showing her garden . 
 it looked like something out of a film . 
 red roses filled her flowerbeds along with many other types of flowers that i had never seen before . 
 perfect sculptured garden hedges stood along the stone path , and in the middle of the garden stood a high water fountain , shooting jets of water into the air . 
 i stopped in awe . 
 i 've never seen such beauty around me before . 
 `` lovely is n't it . '' 
 she said . 
 rhea ushered me to the front door before i could explore more of the garden , a giant gold lion knocker was bolted to the door . 
 the door looked hand crafted from the darkest wood from an enchanted forest . 
 `` shall we go in ? '' 
 she asked . 
 rhea pushed open the door showing the inside her house . 
 i stood there , with my mouth wide open . 
 rhea 's house was decorated with shades of black and white . 
 the floor was black marble and very polished . 
 at the back there was a grand white staircase , it made my house seem like a small box . 
 in the middle of the hall was a large round table and on top a large crystal vase , showing the blackest roses i 've ever seen . 
 the walls were decorated with paintings and hanging tapestries from famous artist i 've only seen in books . 
 at the sides of the grand hall were two doors that were completely white , with embroidered gold motifs weaved around the doors frame . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 asked rhea . 
 i was speechless . 
 i 'd never seen a house so grand in my entire life . 
 `` it 's amazing . '' 
 i could only say . 
 `` thank you , yes i like it very much and have been living in this house for many year now . 
 oh that reminds me . '' 
 rhea said . 
 `` sophia . '' 
 rhea called out and i could hear footsteps deep inside the house . 
 one of the white golden doors opened , and a small girl came out . 
 she walked towards us with her head down , her white hair covering her face . 
 `` sophia , this is ellie . '' 
 the young woman 's head raised to look me in the eye . 
 sophia 's face was angelic and innocent . 
 her face resembled a china doll . 
 it was perfect , her lips were perfect shade of pink , and her skin was the color of snow . 
 sophia had sparkling bright blue eyes that lit up her face . 
 sophia hair was completely white , and styled into a cute bob . 
 her choices of clothes were very strange . 
 she wore a black knee high ruffle skirt that came out at the hips . 
 high black boots with many laces attached , and a red and black corset that tightly pulled her in . 
 on her corset she wore a big red bow that was attached just below her breasts . 
 `` uh , hello '' i said shyly . 
 she nodded and reached out her hand . 
 i stared down at her out stretched hand , not knowing what to do . 
 i did n't know if she wanted to shake or my backpack . 
 `` um no , it 's ok i can carry it . '' 
 i said hoping not to offend her . 
 `` show her to her room please sophia '' rhea asked her . 
 we left rhea in the main hall while sophia showed me to my room . 
 we walked up the grand white marble staircase . 
 i followed behind her slowly . 
 she did n't talk once , and it felt awkward . 
 at the top of the stairs i followed sophia to the right . 
 the upper hallway walls were filled with more painting of artwork and statue of a beautiful woman carrying a shield . 
 in some of the clear cases were artifacts . 
 one of them seemed to catch my eye . 
 it was on a pedestal protected by thick glass . 
 inside the display case , laid a large battered brown book . 
 it had no writing on the front or on the binder . 
 below on the plaque it read : the book of thoth . 
 ignoring the display , i caught up with sophia . 
 sophia opened one of the doors and i stepped in behind her . 
 in the middle of the room was a four poster bed , along with a luxurious sofa in the corner of the room . 
 the thick cream carpet matched the houses color scheme . 
 once inside the elegant room , i noticed there was a floor length mirror with gems incrusted around it . 
 looking into the mirror i noticed i was still wearing my pajamas . 
 i looked awful . 
 while walking through the woods my clothes had tears and my shoes were completely black . 
 looking behind me i noticed that i was tracking in mud . 
 the cream carpet was incrusted with mud that i had brought in with me . 
 i felt the colour drain from my face . 
 `` oh , i 'm so sorry . '' 
 i immediately pulled them off and held the discoloured shoes in my hand . 
 sophia just stared at me with no emotion . 
 she turned her back on me and continued her tour . 
 there was another inside my bedroom that stood against the inner corner wall , and inside , was a room filled with wardrobes . 
 `` that 's your dressing room . '' 
 said sophia . 
 i jumped when i heard her voice from behind me . 
 it was so soft and child-like . 
 i entered the dressing room and opened up one of the many wardrobes . 
 they were filled with different types of clothes , from designer to regular plain old t-shirts . 
 at the bottom were arrangements of different shoes . 
 some i 'd never seen in my life , but they were beautiful . 
 i would n't like to think how much they clothes cost . 
 sophia walked passed me and opened up another door that was beside the tall wardrobes . 
 i peeked inside . 
 the adjoined room was a toilet and a shower area . 
 the tiles on the walls were glowing white and the floor was shining black marble . 
 it was so posh . 
 there was a lounge bath in the middle of the room with different buttons attached to it . 
 on the opposite wall there was a large flat screen tv mounted on the walls . 
 `` how did rhea afford all this ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` she has lots of money , '' sophia said sweetly . 
 `` i 'll let you set up . 
 when you are ready please come downstairs , rhea wants to talk to you . '' 
 sophia turned around and left the bedroom . 
 i was finally alone . 
 i dropped my backpack onto the floor and sat down onto the bed . 
 i started to contemplate what was going to happen to me . 
 i thought about my friends and about dad , would i ever see them again ? 
 would rhea keep me locked up here like a prisoner ? 
 i broke down into tears . 
 chapter seventeen i did n't want to be here , i wanted to be with my dad , back home , safe and sound . 
 what was going to happen to him ? 
 would he be safe in the house ? 
 all these horrible questions attacked me at once and i just wanted to scream . 
 i wiped the tears away with some tissues on the bed-side table . 
 i opened up my backpack and changed into my clothes . 
 i picked out a simple white t-shirt and a pair of faded blue jeans . 
 i left the bedroom and walked back down the long lit hall to meet rhea . 
 the main entrance was empty ; there was no sign of rhea or sophia . 
 i descended the marble staircase , looking around for her . 
 one of the doors stood ajar in the hall and i peeked my head in , revealing a grand dining room . 
 a long black solid dining table became the focus of the entire room . 
 the table was surrounded by many white plush chairs and white roses filled many black vases , still following the color scheme . 
 the walls were painted white and black stripes . 
 at the very end of the room , there was a figure sitting at down in one of the chairs . 
 i walked closer to see it was rhea , she was reading from a big book . 
 she looked up from the pages and smiled straight at me . 
 `` have you been crying my dear ? '' 
 asked rhea . 
 i nodded . 
 `` ellie , please know that you are safe here , '' she tried to reassure me . 
 `` so what do you think of your room ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` yeah it 's very nice , thank you '' i replied sheepishly . 
 rhea closed the book and set it aside . 
 `` please sit . '' 
 she gestured to the chair beside her . 
 i pulled one of the chairs out and sat down . 
 rhea turned in her chair and faced me . 
 `` ellie , you do know why you 're here do n't you ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` kinda ' , '' i said . 
 `` i know it 's not safe for me out there anymore . '' 
 rhea nodded with agreement . 
 `` you are too special . 
 some people will do anything if they knew a siren was around . '' 
 `` what is so special about me then ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` well , sirens were powerful beings , ellie . 
 they can influence anyone they touched and by their voice '' rhea said . 
 `` i can only influence by touch though . '' 
 i said . 
 `` yes but in time you will learn much more . '' 
 rhea continued to about the sirens . 
 `` anyway , they were so powerful that other supernatural 's started to despise them , and started to capture them . 
 this went on for quite some time . 
 think about it , if you could make anyone do what you wanted and control anyone , you would be unstoppable . 
 but sadly the sirens started to die out and not even i know why . 
 `` so there are not many left then ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` that 's right ellie , but that 's why you are special . 
 your powers are unique . '' 
 `` i do n't want to make people do what i want . '' 
 i said . 
 `` that 's because you are pure . '' 
 `` i do n't feel pure . '' 
 i mumbled . 
 i started to think . 
 sirens , my people were used and captured for their powers . 
 was that why they are after me ? 
 what were they going to do with me ? 
 `` rhea , '' i asked her . 
 `` what do they want with me ? 
 are they going to kill me or just use me for my powers ? '' 
 `` to be honest ellie , i do not know . 
 i will not let anyone take you , besides try not to think about it . '' 
 she said . 
 behind me a door opened revealing sophia -lrb- just how many doors does this place have ? -rrb- . 
 she was pushing a pristine silver trolley into the room . 
 sophia laid the table for rhea and for me . 
 she placed down knives and forks , along with glass cups and a large jug of water filled with ice cubes . 
 `` sophia , wo n't you join us ? '' 
 asked rhea . 
 `` i 'm sure there is enough to go around . '' 
 sophia placed another plate down for herself along with a knife and fork . 
 she came around to the trolley and placed a covered plate in front of me . 
 oh god i hope it 's not foreign food . 
 i thought . 
 sophia lifted the lid to reveal a plate full of pasta . 
 thank god ! 
 i screamed inside my head . 
 `` i had a feeling that you liked italian food . '' 
 smiled rhea . 
 `` thank you , '' i said . 
 i did n't want to know how she knew , i was just thankful i was able to eat it . 
 i took my provided fork and dived in . 
 i spun the pasta around my fork and took a bite . 
 the flavors exploded in my mouth . 
 i had never tasted something so delicious before . 
 `` this is amazing , who cooked this ? '' 
 i asked . 
 sophia 's face started to glow red . 
 `` it 's amazing , thank you sophia . '' 
 i said . 
 `` thank you ellie , i was a bit nervous cooking it for you , and i even added a few things . '' 
 she said modestly . 
 i took more bites of the delicious food . 
 no one was talking at dinner , they were busy eating , but still , it was very awkward . 
 i wanted to break the silence . 
 `` so sophia , how long have you known rhea ? '' 
 i asked . 
 sophia pale skin started to turn a shade of red again . 
 `` well i 've know her for some years now . '' 
 sophia quietly said . 
 `` yes , sophia and i have been together for quite a while . '' 
 rhea said . 
 `` i really enjoy being with rhea , she treats me well . '' 
 said sophia . 
 `` please do n't embarrass me sophia . '' 
 laughed rhea . 
 `` well it 'll be nice to have someone new in the house for a while . '' 
 said sophia . 
 `` i hope i do n't cause you too much trouble with me staying here . '' 
 i asked them . 
 `` far from it ellie , now finish your food '' rhea said . 
 i took more forkfuls of sophia 's food while washing it down with some refreshing water . 
 i finished the delicious meal and neatly placed down my knife and fork . 
 `` that was amazing thank you . '' 
 i said to sophia . 
 `` it was no trouble at all ellie , and i 'm glad you liked it . '' 
 sophia said . 
 `` you have quite the healthy appetite , do n't you ? '' 
 rhea chuckled . 
 i took another sip of water to hide my embarrassment . 
 i hopped i did n't make a pig of myself . 
 i picked up the napkin to wipe my mouth . 
 i wanted to speak more to rhea so i turned towards her . 
 `` rhea , can i ask you something ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` go ahead . '' 
 she waited for my question . 
 `` will they go after my dad ? '' 
 i did n't want to know the answer but i had to know if he was safe . 
 rhea placed her knife and fork down and turned to me . 
 `` ellie to be honest i do n't know , but i have people looking out for him . '' 
 i was taken aback . 
 shocked to hear rhea did not know what would happen , and that she just did n't seem to care . 
 it was wrong to come here and leave him all alone . 
 i had abandoned him . 
 `` oh my god what have i done ? '' 
 i said slowly . 
 `` ellie ? '' 
 rhea asked . 
 `` i 've left him to die alone , he 's all alone . 
 i have to go back , please take me back . '' 
 i pleaded with rhea . 
 `` ellie it 's safer for you here , please know that . '' 
 rhea said . 
 `` but are you sure he 'll be safe ? 
 i just can not just sit here and eat like nothing is wrong ! '' 
 my voice started to crack and i started to panic . 
 i started to breathe heavily pants . 
 `` ellie please calm down . 
 listen to me . '' 
 rhea placed her hands on my shoulders and looked deep into my eyes . 
 `` ellie , it 's you they are after not your father . 
 he 's nothing to them . 
 if you went back , you would just be putting him in danger . 
 i 've got plans in place ellie , there are people watching him . 
 do not worry . '' 
 rhea dropped her hands from my shoulders . 
 listening to rhea 's voice had a calming effect on me . 
 `` i hope your right rhea . 
 it 's just so hard being away from him . '' 
 i said . 
 i took tiny sips of water . 
 the cold liquid felt good going down my throat . 
 after a few minutes had passed i was finally calm . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 i said . 
 `` it 's ok . '' 
 said rhea . 
 `` do n't worry about it ellie , we wo n't let anything happen to you , or your dad . '' 
 sophia gave me a big bright smile . 
 sophia got up and cleared away the plates and pushed the metal trolley back into the kitchen . 
 `` ellie why do n't you get some rest ? '' 
 said rhea . 
 `` yeah , i do feel a bit drained . '' 
 i asked her . 
 `` it is getting a bit late and you 've had quite a day . '' 
 rhea said . 
 just thinking about sleeping made me yawn , and i could feel my strength leave my body . 
 `` maybe i will have a rest . '' 
 i agreed . 
 i pushed away from the table and started to walk out of the dining room . 
 i was stopped by rhea 's voice . 
 `` goodnight ellie , get some rest . '' 
 she called sweetly to me . 
 i turned away from her and continued to drag my tired legs to my room . 
 remembering how to get back to my room , i turned right at the top of the stairs and walked down the well decorated hall and into my room . 
 i quietly closed the bedroom door and the whole room turned dark . 
 i fumbled my way to the bed -lrb- not caring about the lack of light -rrb- and climbed on . 
 my whole body was tired . 
 i was absolutely drained of energy . 
 too tired to take off my clothes , i decided to leave them on . 
 the bedding was fresh and so soft against my skin . 
 too tired to think , i closed my eyes and i was dead to the world . 
 my peaceful sleep was disrupted by , what i could only guess , was whispers coming from outside my bedroom door . 
 the whispers were there for only mere seconds , and continued down the hall . 
 flipping over onto my side , i tried to get back to sleep but something was nagging in the back of my mind . 
 i just wanted to go to sleep . 
 giving in to the weird and irrita-ting need , i rolled off the bed and walked towards the door in darkness . 
 i pushed down the door handle and peeked out slowly . 
 i could hear more faint whispers . 
 quietly i crept out into the hall and slowly , trying not to make a sound , walked to the stairs . 
 rhea was standing in the main hall walking back and forth with her arms folded tightly . 
 she was also talking in hushed tones to sophia . 
 as i was on the top of the stairs looking down , there were loud noises coming from outside the house . 
 i gave a little yelp . 
 rhea turned around and looked up towards the stairs . 
 `` ellie why are you up this late ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i could n't sleep . '' 
 i replied to her . 
 i walked down the stairs to meet up with rhea . 
 she embraced me in a hug . 
 i was now even more confused . 
 `` rhea what are we going to do ? '' 
 asked sophia with a worried look on her face ? 
 `` you know what to do . '' 
 she replied to sophia . 
 `` what 's going on ? 
 what are those noises ? '' 
 i looked up at rhea 's face . 
 rhea pulled me in tighter and spoke quietly in my ear . 
 `` ellie the house is surrounded . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i quickly pulled away from her and ran to the nearest window . 
 out in the darkness , there were the same faceless monsters that attacked me . 
 they were standing outside of the main gates , waiting . 
 chapter eighteen outside in the dark were the foul smell creatures that rhea called ; leaches . 
 many of them waited patiently outside the main gates . 
 then one of the monsters stepped in through the gate . 
 a scream ripped through my head but there was no pain , i watched in amazement as the house gargoyles screeched to life . 
 they flew from their perches and picked up the creature into the air and with a team effort pulled it apart showering its body parts onto the others . 
 the leaches screamed as one of their own was ripped apart before them . 
 more of the gargoyles swooped down and disemboweled the leaches with one slash of their great talons . 
 i then had to turn away from the bloodshed . 
 `` how did they know i was here ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` where did those gargoyles come from ? '' 
 `` it 's due to sophia . '' 
 rhea pointed . 
 i looked over at sophia who was now sitting crossed legged on the marbled floor . 
 her eyes started to glow a bright white , and around the house a bright white barrier formed , protecting us from the faceless creatures . 
 `` ellie go upstairs please , you will be safe there . '' 
 rhea asked . 
 `` no i 'm not going anywhere ! 
 i 'll be safer with you . '' 
 i protested . 
 `` fine , stay close then . '' 
 said rhea . 
 sophia was still sitting on the floor with bright white eyes staring into nothingness . 
 she had a dead look to her face , there was no emotion . 
 `` is she ok ? 
 i asked . 
 from sophia there was a white radiance ebbing around her . 
 it was so beautiful . 
 the lights spun playfully around sophia growing brighter with every second . 
 `` it 's beautiful '' i said i awe . 
 i reached out slowly and tried to touch the white lights that jetted around her . 
 `` ellie , no ! '' 
 rhea screamed . 
 i looked over at rhea while still reaching out to the playful white beams . 
 my hand gently touched the ebbing radiance . 
 the white aura around sophia turned red , and i was blown back . 
 i was thrown through the air and landed hard on the marble floor . 
 my vision was blurred and i could hardly breathe . 
 i tried to catch my breath while my heart beat fast in my chest . 
 i could hear someone shouting my name . 
 a blurred silhouette came running towards me . 
 it was rhea . 
 she bent down and slowly got me to my feet . 
 she placed her hand over my chest and i felt a warm heat flow through me . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 i said as i tried to catch my breath . 
 `` i 'm so sorry ellie i should have told you , '' she said . 
 `` are you hurt ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine thanks but what did n't . . 
 , '' then it quickly came to me `` how 's sophia ? 
 is she ok ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` she 's . '' 
 rhea was cut off . 
 there was a sound above , loud and sharp , like breaking glass . 
 something was hitting the house loud and hard , the building began to shake with force . 
 the large chandelier above us started to swing violently above us . 
 the ear shattering noise surrounded the entire house . 
 outside , loud shrill screams could be heard . 
 the noise pierced through my skull , the pain was unbearable . 
 after a few seconds the noise was gone . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` the barriers down ellie . '' 
 said rhea grimly . 
 `` then can not she do another one ? '' 
 i looked over at sophia who was lying face down on the floor . 
 i rushed over to her . 
 she was unconscious . 
 `` sophia , wake up ! '' 
 i said , slightly shaking her . 
 `` she 's not waking up rhea , what do we do ? '' 
 i yelled . 
 i looked up at rhea hoping she would do something . 
 rhea stared at something behind me . 
 her eyes full of anger . 
 i spun my head around and spotted the faceless leaches . 
 there were four of them standing inside the house , all of them were panting heavily . 
 `` ellie ! '' 
 rhea called to me . 
 i tried to drag sophia away but she was too heavy . 
 rhea reached out and pulled both of us out of the oncoming path with an invisible force . 
 `` ellie go upstairs , now ! '' 
 rhea shouted . 
 i looked at sophia who was sill unconscious . 
 i could not leave rhea all to fight them all . 
 the pack of four faceless creatures stalked towards rhea . 
 `` how dare you enter my home ! '' 
 rhea yelled at them . 
 i watched rhea conjure a blinding white light . 
 she threw it from her hands and it exploded . 
 sending them spiraling off into different directions . 
 i ran towards the stairs and was stopped by more of the creatures . 
 they came flooding in from outside . 
 if i left rhea and sophia they would be killed . 
 one leach came towards me with it 's discolor red claws outstretched . 
 i quickly backed up from the disgusting creature and bumped into the small table behind me . 
 i turned to it and grabbed the white crystal vase and smashed it over its head . 
 it shattered in my hands and sent him down to the floor . 
 i saw rhea in the corner of my eye fighting five of them at once . 
 i rushed over to her but i felt something grab my leg , before i could do anything , i was pulled down to the floor by the injured creature . 
 he swiftly got up and towered over me . 
 i tried to get to my feet , but the leach leaned over me and punched me across the face . 
 there was a rush pain . 
 the familiar taste of blood entered my mouth and i spat it out onto his face . 
 the monster took out something in his pocket while more faceless leaches rushed over to me and pinned me to the floor . 
 i winced in pain , while their long talon nails dug into my flesh . 
 the pain began to burn . 
 one of them began to lick its blood covered claws , and enjoyed it . 
 the leach again dug his nails into my skin and drew more blood . 
 i screamed in pain and tried to fight against them . 
 more of the leaches started to dig into my skin and lapped up the liquid from their sharp talons . 
 the first leach held in its hand , a needle filled with what looked like black fluid . 
 my heart started to beat fast , my breathing was rapid . 
 i could not move . 
 i was stuck . 
 closer and closer the needle came towards my bare flesh . 
 `` no , do n't ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 the thought of needles brought me back to being in the hospital after the crash . 
 kate , it was my fault , all this was my fault . 
 i should have died . 
 blood was being drained by the leaches , slowly their black tongues began licking at the freshly cut wounds while pinning me down . 
 no , no . 
 everything was building to a point where i thought i might explode . 
 the pain , i could not bear it anymore . 
 i took a deep breath and screamed with all the energy i had left . 
 the disgusting creatures around me were blown away and the needle shattered in its hand . 
 the ground around me split apart that traveled across the room and up the walls . 
 the house violently shook and the walls began to crumble and fall to the floor . 
 the house was falling apart slowly around me . 
 the glass in the house had shattered all at once showering me with its pieces . 
 parts of the ceiling fell to the floor breaking the clean marble floor . 
 the stairs began to crumble and the tapestries fell to the ground broken and ripped by the glass . 
 electricity started to spark from every light fixture , sending the whole chandelier down to the floor with a great big crash , scattering its diamonds in every direction . 
 i was panting heavily , still reeling from the energy scream that i created . 
 i looked over at to find rhea . 
 she was pinned down by falling debris . 
 i could not tell if she was moving , but more parts of the mansion started to fall to the floor . 
 one of the surviving creatures ran towards me but was quickly killed by one of the giant pillars that supported the second floor . 
 i covered my head and curled up in a ball as something broke through the ceiling and came crashing down . 
 chapter nineteen i opened my eyes to darkness . 
 my body was pinned to the ground . 
 slowly , i tried to move but pain vibrated up and down my arm . 
 i pushed out with my uninjured hand , and i could hear debris fall onto one another . 
 i shifted awkwardly onto my knees and stood up . 
 the mansion was gone . 
 it was completely torn down . 
 the ceiling was gone , scattered around me in little and big chunks . 
 there was a large amount of dust in the air which i waved away from my face . 
 i could not recognize anything , the only thing standing was the front door , and that was only just hanging on by its hinges . 
 the stairs were completely gone and i could not see the black marble floor . 
 `` rhea !? '' 
 i shouted out . 
 i climbed my way over to where i last saw rhea . 
 there were mounts of fallen debris around and i did n't know where to start . 
 i yelled again `` rhea ! '' 
 carefully i got down onto my knees and started to clear away the mess . 
 my forearms stung from the cuts the leaches had inflicted onto me . 
 it disgusted me that they fed from me and it seems like they enjoyed it . 
 i did n't have time to think about that , i got back to the mount of debris that lay before me . 
 my heart soared into the air when i could see a hand . 
 i quickly moved the fallen piles to see it was sophia . 
 `` sophia , wake up ! '' 
 her forehead had a deep gash to it and blood was flowing freely . 
 sophia 's eye slowly opened to shock . 
 her eyes were wide with fear . 
 i was about to talk when something grabbed me tightly around the neck and pulled me up on my feet . 
 without warning , i felt a sharp pain in my neck and the whole world became dizzy and hazy . 
 something had hold of me while deeper and deeper i fell into darkness . 
