 one looking back on it later , claire thought she should have known trouble was coming . 
 but in morganville , anything could be trouble . 
 your college professor does n't show for class ? 
 probably got fanged by vampires . 
 takeout forgets to put onions on your hamburger ? 
 the regular onion-delivery guy disappeared -- again , probably due to vampires . 
 and so on . 
 for a college town , morganville had a remarkable lot of vampires . 
 claire was an authority on those subjects : texas prairie university and , of course , the vampires . 
 and mysterious disappearances . 
 she 'd almost been one of those , more often than she wanted to admit . 
 but this problem was n't a disappearance at all . 
 it was an appearance -- of something new , something different , and something cool , at least in her boyfriend , shane 's , opinion , because as claire was sorting through the mail for their weird little fraternity of four into the `` junk '' and `` keep '' piles , shane grabbed the flyer she 'd put in `` junk '' and read it with the most elated expression she 'd ever seen on his face . 
 scary . 
 shane did n't get excited about much ; he was guarded about his feelings , mostly , except with her . 
 now he looked as delighted as a little kid at christmas . 
 `` mike ! '' 
 he bellowed , and claire winced and put her hands over her ears . 
 when shane yelled , he belted it out . 
 `` yo , dead man , get your ass down here ! '' 
 michael , their third housemate at the glass house , must have assumed there was an emergency under way -- not an unreasonable assumption , because , hey , morganville . 
 so he arrived at a run , pushing the door back and looking paler than usual , and more dangerous than usual , too . 
 when he acted like a regular guy , he seemed quiet and sweet , maybe a littletoo practical sometimes , but vampire michael was a whole different , spicy deal . 
 yeah , she was living in a house with a vampire . 
 and , strangely , that was not the weirdest part of her life . 
 michael blinked the tinges of red away from his blue eyes , ran both hands through his wavy blond hair , and frowned at shane . 
 `` what the hell is your problem ? '' 
 he did n't wait to hear , though ; he walked over to the counter and got down one of their mismatched , battered coffee mugs . 
 this one was black with purple gothic lettering that read poison . 
 the cup belonged to their fourth housemate , eve , but she still had n't made an appearance this morning . 
 when you sleep later than a vampire , claire thought , that 's probably taking it a little too far . 
 as he filled the mug with coffee , michael waited for shane to make some sense . 
 which shane finally did , holding up the cheaply printed white flyer . 
 it curled at the edges from having been rolled up to fit in the mailbox . 
 `` what have i always wanted in this town ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` a strip club that would let in fifteen-year-olds ? '' 
 michael said . 
 `` when i wasfifteen . 
 no , seriously . 
 what ? '' 
 `` guns ` r ' us ? '' 
 shane made a harsh buzzer sound . 
 `` okay , to be fair , yeah , that 's a good alternate answer . 
 but no . 
 i always wanted a place to seriously train to fight , right ? 
 someplace that did n't think aerobics was a martial art . 
 and look ! '' 
 claire took the paper from shane 's hand and smoothed it out on the table . 
 she 'd only glanced at it when sorting mail ; she 'd thought it was some kind of gym . 
 which it was , in a way , but it was n't teaching spin and yoga and all that stuff . 
 this one was a gym and martial arts studio , and it was teaching self-defense . 
 or at least that was what claire took from the graphic of some guy in a white jacket and pants kicking the crap out of the air , and the words defend yourself in big , bold letters at the bottom . 
 slurping coffee , michael leaned over her shoulder . 
 `` huh , '' he said . 
 `` weird . '' 
 `` nothing weird about people wanting to learn a few life-preserving skills , man . 
 especially around here . 
 not like we 're all looking forward to our peaceful old age , '' shane said . 
 `` i mean , it 's weird who 's teaching , '' michael said . 
 `` being that this guy '' -- he tapped the name at the bottom of the page -- `` is a vampire . '' 
 vassily was the name , which claire made out only when she squinted at it . 
 small type . 
 `` a vampire 's teaching self-defense , '' she said . 
 `` to us . 
 humans . '' 
 shane was thrown for just about a minute , and then he said , `` well , who better ? 
 amelie put out a decree that humans were free to learn this stuff , right ? 
 sooner or later , some vamp was bound to make some cash off it . '' 
 `` you meanoff us , '' claire said . 
 but she could see his point . 
 a vampire martial arts instructor ? 
 that would have to be all kinds of scary or awesome , or both . 
 she would n't have gone for it , personally ; she doubted she had half as much muscle or body mass as it was going to require . 
 but shane ... well , it would be natural for shane . 
 he was competitive , and he did n't mind taking some punishment as long as he enjoyed the fight . 
 he 'd been complaining about the lack of a real gym for a while now . 
 claire handed the flyer back to him , and shane carefully folded it up and put it in his pocket . 
 `` watch yourself , '' she said . 
 `` get out of there if anything 's weird . '' 
 although in morganville , texas , home of everything weird , that was n't an entirely reasonable request . 
 after all , there was a vampire teaching self-defense . 
 that in itself was the strangest thing she 'd heard of in a while . 
 `` yes , mom , '' shane said , but he whispered it , intimately , close to her ear , and then kissed that spot on her neck that always made her blush and shiver . 
 `` eat your breakfast . '' 
 she turned and kissed him full on , just a sweet , swift brush of lips , because he was already moving ... and then he did a double take and came back to kiss her again , slower , hotter , better . 
 michael , sliding into a seat at the kitchen table with his coffee cup , flipped open the thin four-page morganville newspaper and said , `` one of you is supposed to be somewhere right about now . 
 i 'm just saying that , not in a dad kind of way . '' 
 he was right , and claire broke off the kiss with a frustrated growl low in her throat . 
 shane grinned . 
 `` you 're so cute when you do that , '' he said . 
 `` you sound like a really fierce kitten . '' 
 `` bite me , collins . '' 
 `` whoops , wrong housemate . 
 i think you meant that for the one who drinks plasma . '' 
 michael gave him a one-fingered salute without looking up from his study of the latest morganville high school sports disaster . 
 claire doubted he was actually interested in it , but michael had to have reading material around ; she did n't think he slept much these days , and reading was how he passed the time . 
 and he probably got something out of it , even if it was just knowledge of local football to impress his girlfriend , eve , with . 
 claire grabbed her breakfast -- a pop-tart just ringing up out of the toaster -- and wrapped it in a napkin so she could take it with her . 
 book bag acquired , she blew shane and michael an air kiss as she hit the back door , heading out into a cold morganville fall . 
 fall in other parts of the world was a beautiful season filled with leaves in brown , orange , yellow ... here , the leaves had been brown for a day and then dropped off the trees to rattle around the streets and yards like bones . 
 another depressing season to add to all the others that were depressing in this town . 
 but at least it was cooler than the blazing summer ; that was something . 
 claire had actually dug out a long-sleeve tee and layered another shirt over it because the wind gusts carried the sharp whip of approaching winter . 
 pretty soon she 'd need a coat and gloves and a hat , and maybe boots if the snow fell hard enough . 
 morganville in summer was dull green at best , but all the grass had burned dry , and most of the bushes had lost their leaves . 
 now they were black skeletons shivering in the cold . 
 not a pretty place , not at all , although a few house-proud people had tried some landscaping , and mrs. hennessey on the corner had put out weird concrete animals . 
 this year , she had a fake gray deer sipping from an empty stone fountain , and a couple of concrete squirrels that looked more menacing than cute . 
 claire checked her watch , took a bite of her pop-tart , and almost choked as she realized how little time she had . 
 she broke into a jog , which was tough considering the weight of the bag on her shoulder , and then kicked it to a full run as she passed the big iron gates of texas prairie university . 
 fall semester was a busy time ; lots of new , stupid freshmen wandering around confusedly with maps , or still unpacking the boxes from their cars . 
 she had two or three near collisions , but reached the steps of the science building without much incident , and with two whole minutes to spare . 
 good -- she needed them to get her breath back . 
 as she munched the rest of her breakfast , wishing she had a bottle of water , others she knew by sight filtered past her : bruce from computational physics , who was almost as out of place here as she felt ; ilaara from one of the math classes she was in , but claire could n't sort out which one . 
 she did n't make close friends at tpu , which was a shame , but it was n't that sort of school -- especially if you were in the know about the inner workings of morganville . 
 most of the just-passing-through students spent the year or two they were here with the usual on-campus partying ; except for specific college-friendly stores that were located within a couple of blocks , most students never bothered to leave the gates of the university . 
 and that was probably for the best . 
 it was dangerous out there , after all . 
 claire found her classroom -- a small one ; nothing at her level of study had big groups -- and took her usual seat in the middle of the room , next to a smelly grad student named doug , who apparently hated personal hygiene . 
 she thought about moving , but the fact was there were n't many other places , and doug 's aura was tangible at ten feet away , anyway . 
 better to get an intense dose close-up so your nose could adjust quickly . 
 doug smiled at her . 
 he seemed to like her , which was scary , but at least he was n't a big chatterbox or one of those guys who came on with the cheesy innuendos -- at least , not usually . 
 she 'd certainly sat next to worse . 
 well , maybe not in terms of body odor . 
 `` hey , '' he said , bending closer . 
 claire resisted the urge to bend the other way . 
 `` i hear he 's springing a new lab experiment on us today . 
 something mind-blowing . '' 
 given that she worked for the smartest guy in morganville , maybe the entire world , and given that he was at least a few hundred years old and drank blood , claire suspected her scale of mind-blowing might be a little bigger than doug 's . 
 it was n't unusual to go to myrnin 's secret lair/underground lab -lrb- yes , he actually had one -rrb- and find he 'd invented edible hats or an ipod that ran on sweat . 
 and considering that her boss built blood-drinking computers that controlled dimensional portals , claire did n't anticipate any problems understanding a mere university professor 's assignments . 
 half of what myrnin gave her to read was n't even in a living language . 
 it was amazing what she 'd learned -- whether she wanted to or not . 
 `` good luck , '' she said to stinky doug , trying not to breathe too deeply . 
 she glanced over at him , and was startled to see that he was sporting two spectacular black eyes -- healing up , she realized after the first shock , but he 'd gotten smacked pretty badly . 
 `` wow . 
 nice bruises . 
 what happened ? '' 
 doug shrugged . 
 `` got in a fight . 
 no big deal . '' 
 someone , claire thought , disliked his body odor a whole lot more than usual . 
 `` did you win ? '' 
 he smiled , but it was a private , almost cynical kind of smile -- a joke she could n't share . 
 `` oh , i will , '' he said . 
 `` big-time . '' 
 the door banged open at the far end of the room , and the prof stalked in . 
 he was a short , round man with mean , close-set eyes , and he liked hawaiian shirts in obnoxiously loud colors -- in fact , she was relatively sure that he and myrnin shopped at the same store . 
 the obnoxious store . 
 `` settle down ! '' 
 he said , even though they were n't exactly the rowdiest class at tpu . 
 in fact , they were perfectly quiet . 
 but professor larkin always said that ; claire suspected he was actually deaf , so he just said it to be on the safe side . 
 `` right . 
 i hope you 've all done your reading , because today you get to do some applications of principles you should already know . 
 everybody stand up , shake it off , and follow me . 
 bring your stuff . '' 
 claire had n't bothered to unpack anything yet , so she just swung her backpack onto her shoulder and headed out in professor larkin 's wake , happy to be temporarily out of the doug fug . 
 not that larkin was any treat , either -- he smelled like old sweat and bacon -- but at least he 'd bathed recently . 
 she glanced down at the professor 's wrist . 
 on it was a braided leather band with a metal plate incised with a symbol -- not the founder symbol claire wore as a pin on the collar of her jacket , but another vampire 's symbol . 
 oliver 's , apparently . 
 that was a little unusual ; oliver did n't personally oversee a lot of humans . 
 he was above all that . 
 he was the don in the local morganville mafia . 
 larkin saw her looking and sent her a stern frown . 
 `` something to say , miss danvers ? '' 
 `` nice bracelet , '' she said . 
 `` i 've seen only one other like it . '' 
 the one she 'd seen had been around the wrist of her own personal nemesis , monica morrell , crown princess -lrb- she wished ! -rrb- 
 of morganville . 
 once the daughter of the mayor , now the sister of thenew mayor , she thought she could do whatever she wanted ... and with oliver 's protection , she probably could , even if her brother , richard , was n't quite as indulgent as daddy had been . 
 larkin just ... did n't seem the type oliver would bother with , unless he was n't what he seemed . 
 larkin clasped his hands behind his back as they walked down the wide , almost empty hallway , the rest of the class trailing behind . 
 `` i ought to give you a pass from today 's experiment , '' he said . 
 `` confidentially , i 'm pretty sure it 's child 's play for you , given your...part-time occupation . '' 
 he knew about myrnin , or at least he 'd been toldsomething . 
 there were n't many people who actually knew myrnin , and fewer still who 'd been to the lab and had any understanding of what went on in there . 
 she 'd never seen larkin there or heard his name mentioned by anybody with clout . 
 so she was careful with her reply . 
 `` i do n't mind . 
 i like experiments , '' she said . 
 `` providing they 're not the kind that try to eat me or blow me up . '' 
 both of which , unfortunately , she 'd come across in her job at the lab . 
 `` oh , nothing that dramatic , '' larkin said . 
 `` but i think you might enjoy it . '' 
 that scared her a bit . 
 as she arrived at the lab room , though , there did n't seem to be anything worth breaking a sweat over . 
 some full-spectrum incandescent lights like you 'd use to keep reptiles warm ; on each table , some small , ranked vials of what looked like ... . 
 blood . 
 oh , crap.that was never a good sign in morganville -lrb- or , claire thought , anywhere else , either -rrb- . 
 she came to a sudden stop and sent larkin a wide-eyed look . 
 the rest of the class was piling in behind her , talking in low tones ; she knew doug had arrived because of the blanket of body smog that settled in around her . 
 of course , doug took the lab stool beside her.dammit . 
 that blew , as shane would have said ; claire covered her discomfort by sending him a small , not very enthusiastic smile as she dropped her backpack to the ground , careful of the laptop inside . 
 she hated sitting on lab stools ; they only emphasized how short she was . 
 she felt like she was back in second grade again , unable to touch the floor from her chair . 
 larkin assumed his position in the center of the lab tables and grabbed a small stack of paper from his black bag . 
 he passed out the instructions , and claire read them , frowning . 
 they were simple enough -- place a sample of the `` fluid '' on a slide , turn on the full-spectrum lighting , observe , and record results . 
 once a reaction was observed , mix the identified reactive blood with control blood until a nonreaction was achieved . 
 then work out the equations explaining the initial reaction and the nonreaction , to chart the energy release . 
 no doubt at all what this is about , claire thought . 
 the vamps were using students to do their research for them . 
 free worker bees . 
 but why ? 
 larkin had a smooth patter , she had to admit ; he joked around , said that with the popularity of vampires in entertainment it might be fun to apply some physics to the problem . 
 part of the blood had been `` altered '' to allow for a reaction , and part had not . 
 he made it all seem very scientific and logical , for the benefit of the eight out of ten non-morganville residents in the room . 
 claire caught the eye of malinda , the other one in the room who was wearing a vampire symbol . 
 malinda 's pretty face was set in a worried , haunted expression . 
 she opened her eyes wide and held up her hands silently as if to say , what do we do ? 
 it 'll be okay , claire mouthed . 
 she hoped she was n't lying . 
 `` cool , '' said stinky doug , leaning over to look at the paper . 
 claire 's eyes watered a little , and she felt an urge to sneeze . 
 `` vampires.i vant to drink your bloot ! '' 
 he made a mock bite at her neck , which creeped her out so much , she nearly fell off the stool . 
 `` do n'tever do that again , '' she said . 
 doug looked a little surprised at her reaction . 
 `` and by the way , showers . 
 look into them , doug ! '' 
 that was a little too much snark for claire 's usual style , but he 'd scared her , and it just came out . 
 doug looked wounded , and claire immediately felt bad . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she said very sincerely . 
 `` it 's just ... you do n't smell so great . '' 
 it was his turn now to look ashamed . 
 `` yeah , '' he said , looking down at the paper . 
 `` i know . 
 sorry . '' 
 he got that look again , that secret , smug look . 
 `` guess i need to get rich enough nobody cares what i smell like . '' 
 `` that , or , you know , showering . 
 that works better . '' 
 `` fine . 
 next time i 'll smell just like a birthday bouquet . '' 
 `` no fair just throwing on deodorant and aftershave or something . 
 real washing . 
 it 's a must . '' 
 `` you 're a tough sell . '' 
 he flashed her a movie-star grin that looked truly strange with the discoloration around his eyes . 
 `` speaking of that , once i take that shower , you interested in going out for dinner ? '' 
 `` i 'm spoken for , '' she said . 
 `` and we have work to do . '' 
 she prepped the slide , and doug fired up the lamp . 
 the instant the full-spectrum lighting hit the fluid , there was a noticeable reaction -- bubbling under the glass , as if the blood were carbonated . 
 it took about thirty seconds for the reaction to run its course ; once it had , all that was left was an ashy black residue . 
 `` so freaking cool , '' doug said . 
 `` seriously . 
 where do you think they get this stuff ? 
 squeeze real vampires ? '' 
 there was something odd about the way he said it -- as if he actually knew something . 
 which he should n't , claire knew . 
 he definitely should n't . 
 `` it 's probably just a light-sensitive chemical additive , '' claire said . 
 `` not sure how it works , though . '' 
 that was true . 
 as much as she 'd studied it , she did n't understand the nature of the vampire transformation . 
 it was n't a virus -- exactly . 
 and it was n't a contaminant , either , although it had elements of that . 
 there were things about it that , she suspected , all their scientific approaches could n't capture , try as they might . 
 maybe they were just measuring the wrong things . 
 doug dropped the uncomfortable speculation . 
 he was n't so bad as a lab partner , if you forgot the stinky part ; he was a good observer , and not half bad with calculations . 
 she let him do most of the work , because she 'd already done much of this with myrnin . 
 it was interesting that doug came up with a slightly different formula in the end than she had on her own , and , she thought , his was a little more elegant . 
 they were the first to come up with a stable mixture of the blood , and the second to come up with calculations -- but doug 's , claire was confident , were better than the other team 's . 
 you did n't have to finish first to win , not in science . 
 you just had to be more right than the other guys . 
 all was going okay until she caught doug trying to pocket a sample of the blood . 
 `` hey , '' she said , and caught his wrist . 
 `` do n't do that . '' 
 `` why not ? 
 it would be awesome at parties . '' 
 again , there was that unsettling tone , a little too smug , a little tooknowing . 
 whatever it was he intended to do with it , she doubted he was going to show off at parties with it . 
 `` just do n't . '' 
 claire met his eyes . 
 `` i mean it . 
 leave it alone ; he might be checking . 
 it might be ... toxic . '' 
 fatal , she meant , because if the vamps discovered that doug was sneaking out samples ... well , accidents happened , even on the tpu campus . 
 stupidity was n't covered by the general protection agreement , and doug seemed to have caught a little bit too much of a clue . 
 doug grudgingly dropped it back to the table . 
 professor larkin came around , checked out the sample bottles , and recorded them against a master sheet . 
 as he walked away and she and doug packed their bags , claire said , `` see ? 
 i told you he 'd be checking . '' 
 `` yeah , '' doug whispered back . 
 `` but he already checked us out . '' 
 and before she could stop him , he grabbed a couple of the vials , stuck them in his bag , and took off . 
 claire swallowed the impulse to yell , and a second one , to kick the table in frustration . 
 she did n't dare tell larkin ; he was protected , and doug had no idea what he was getting into . 
 she had to get him to give the vial back . 
 dumb-ass would n't have any idea what to do with it , anyway . 
 two unfortunately , stinky doug was n't that easy to find . 
 for one thing , she 'd never learned his last name . 
 hacking into professor larkin 's class records would be easy enough , but claire had other classes , one after another , right up through midafternoon . 
 then she was scheduled for the lab -- the real one . 
 and an evening of weird science with the weirdest boss ever . 
 myrnin , she hoped , would n't notice if she was a little late . 
 he had a pretty flexible concept of time . 
 claire stopped off in the university center , which had wi-fi , and claimed a table in the coffee bar area . 
 her housemate eve must have finally dragged herself out of bed , because she was behind the counter , yawning and sipping a massively large cup of what , knowing eve , must have been pure espresso . 
 `` hiya , cutie , '' eve said , and leaned on the bar to smile at claire . 
 `` mornings are hard . '' 
 `` it is n't morning , '' claire said , straight-faced . 
 eve made a tragic face . 
 `` i stand corrected . 
 afternoons are hard . 
 mornings are pure evil from the pits of hell , which is why i do n't do them anymore . '' 
 she took a gulp from her cup , shuddered , and said , `` oh , yeah , that 's the stuff . 
 caffeinate me . 
 so , beautiful brainiac , what can i do for you ? '' 
 `` the usual , i guess . '' 
 `` one piping-hot mocha , extra large , coming up ! '' 
 eve rang it up and took claire 's money . 
 as she counted out change , she shook her newly shag-cut black hair back from her pale face and grinned . 
 the grinning did n't really go with the whole goth thing , but that was eve . 
 she did n't do labels . 
 `` hey , did you get how excited shane was about that martial arts thingy ? 
 he almost ran me over when i came downstairs . 
 i never saw somebody so thrilled to be invited to an ass kicking . '' 
 `` he was pretty stoked , '' claire agreed . 
 `` how about you ? 
 are you going ? '' 
 `` takeclasses ? 
 that i actuallypay for ? 
 what do you think i am -- a college girl or something ? 
 besides , i defend myself just fine . '' 
 she did , actually . 
 eve not only made her own stakes , but she also blinged them out with crystal designs . 
 the wooden ones were sort of like stun guns for vamps ; wood could n't kill most of them , just immobilize them , unless the vamps were very young , like michael . 
 but eve also made silver ones , and those were deadly . 
 claire felt a shiver along her spine as she remembered justhow deadly they could be . 
 she had n't meant to , but she 'd destroyed one vampire that way . 
 nasty . 
 and even though she 'd done it in self-defense , she had n't felt good about it . 
 `` hmmm , '' eve was saying now , in a contemplative kind of way . 
 she tapped her lip with one black fingernail and smiled . 
 `` therecould be a use for that gym after all , now that i think about it . 
 you know , there is one martial art i like . '' 
 `` which is ? '' 
 `` a surprise , claire bear . 
 yeah , that might definitely be some fun . 
 you might even enjoy it , too . '' 
 a cute , tiny frown line slowly appeared between her eyebrows . 
 `` you okay ? 
 you look kind of spooked . '' 
 `` yeah , coming from someone who looks like an actualghost . 
 ... '' `` respect the awesome look , girlfriend . 
 okay , if you do n't want to talk , do n't . 
 one mocha , coming up ! 
 sit down ; i 'll bring it over . 
 it 's slow , anyway . '' 
 it was n't just slow ; this hour of the day , it was deserted . 
 claire left eve to the espresso construction -lrb- something eve was amazingly good at , actually -rrb- and flipped open her laptop . 
 it took her exactly seven minutes to hack into larkin 's class roster and discover that stinky doug 's full name was doug legrande . 
 larkin , creepily enough , even had all their addresses , phone numbers , and e-mails , although claire was pretty sure she 'd never provided him with any of that intel . 
 either the university was really free with their personal details , or larkin had connections . 
 duh , she already knew that . 
 he had a bracelet from oliver.connections did n't quite cover it . 
 `` you gon na drink that ? '' 
 claire looked up . 
 eve was sitting across from her , slumped in the rickety plastic chair , sipping her massive cup of whatever -- it was eve 's own cup , with a cartoony got blood ? 
 on the side . 
 on campus , it was funny . 
 off campus ... not so much . 
 as claire stared blankly at her , eve nodded to the mocha that had magically appeared next to her laptop . 
 `` the whipped cream is getting all melty , '' eve said . 
 `` whipped cream is a terrible thing to waste . 
 oh , except it 's not real whipped cream -- it 's that canned stuff , which is kind of nasty , so there 's that . 
 maybe a good choice after all , letting it melt . 
 whatcha doing ? '' 
 that was eve , through and through , even when she was sleepy . 
 keeping up with her required a healthy gulp of the mocha and a very active brain . 
 `` i 'm trying to find stinky doug , '' claire said . 
 `` he lives on campus , in lansdale house , i guess . '' 
 `` stinky doug ? 
 oh , god . 
 please tell me you 're going to do everyone a public service and deliver him some shower gel . 
 the last time he came in here , i thought i was going to have to call those biohazard guys . 
 although if this is some weird and inconceivable college-crush thing , i do n't want to know . 
 let me have my fragile illusions . '' 
 claire rolled her eyes . 
 `` trust me , i would n't kiss doug evenafter the shower gel and decontamination . 
 no , he did something stupid , and i need to convince him not to make it worse -- that 's all . '' 
 she explained about the experiment , the blood , and doug 's boneheaded move . 
 eve kept steadily drinking her coffee , eyes half closed . 
 `` you considered snitching on him ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` because , honestly , would n't be the worst idea ever . 
 just make sure larkin knows you did n't take it . 
 let him draw his own conclusions . '' 
 `` that 's the same thing as throwing doug under the bus , '' claire said . 
 `` look , he 's just dumb , that 's all . 
 and he does n't know about '' -- claire waved vaguely around , indicating morganville -- `` all this . '' 
 well , she was n't one hundred percent sure of that , actually , but heshould n't know . 
 that counted . 
 `` if he had any kind of a clue , he would n't be caught dead with that stuff . 
 see what i did there?caught dead ? 
 i crack myself up . '' 
 eve sipped more coffee she probably , at this point , did n't need . 
 `` so you 're visiting stinky doug and warning him off , without explaining why . 
 is that your whole plan ? '' 
 `` kinda . '' 
 `` awesome . 
 let me know how it goes , plan girl . '' 
 `` you have any better ideas ? '' 
 eve took another delicate swallow of coffee . 
 `` well , '' she said , `` stinky doug has a lot of classes . 
 if you 've got his dorm room address , how difficult would it be to toss the place , find the stuff , and get rid of it ? 
 nobody has to know . '' 
 `` great . 
 and do you actuallyknow a ninja ? '' 
 `` yep , '' eve said , and gave her a sleepy , luminous smile . 
 `` he 's my boyfriend . '' 
 hmmm . 
 claire had to mull that over for a few seconds , because technically vampireswere like ninjas -- quiet , sneaky , fast , and deadly . 
 and when they wanted to be , they could be disturbingly invisible . 
 `` would he do it ? '' 
 she asked . 
 that was n't what she wanted to ask , actually ; she wanted to ask , will he tell oliver ? 
 because , like it or not , michael was a vampire in equal measure to being her friend , and even though he tried to stay on the human side , sometimes he had to be a vamp first . 
 maybe this was one of those times . 
 eve jacked up her black eyebrows another half inch in answer . 
 `` okay , '' claire finally said . 
 `` i admit , he has significant ninja qualities . '' 
 `` booyah . 
 i will summon the ninja . 
 oh , and take a lunch break while we burgle . '' 
 `` you 're going , too ? '' 
 `` am i not ninja enough ? 
 are you saying that i lack ninja ? '' 
 `` no , i was just thinking you 're a little , uh , recognizable , maybe ? '' 
 eve batted her thick eyelashes . 
 `` why , thank you , sweetie . 
 that 's the nicest insult i 've had today , not counting the jock who said he 'd date me but he had a restraining order out for necrophilia . 
 i promise , i 'll dowdy up for the occasion . 
 it 'll take me five minutes . '' 
 she took her cell out of her pocket and texted as she spoke . 
 `` promise me you wo n't leave without me . '' 
 `` i promise . '' 
 `` want me to organize shane into this posse , too ? '' 
 `` he 's at work . '' 
 claire sighed . 
 she would have gladly had shane added to the mix at this point , but he was already on fragile ground at work , considering he 'd ditched twice this month -- once for a legitimate sick day , but the other had been just plain boredom . 
 `` next time we commit crime , we 'll make sure to include him . '' 
 eve held up one fist while she kept typing with one thumb , and claire tapped it . 
 eve finished with a flurry of keystrokes , snapped the phone shut , and drained her coffee . 
 `` right . 
 mikey 's on the way . 
 i 'll be anti-eve in five . 
 enjoy your mocha . '' 
 claire did , drinking fast . 
 it was a good thing she did , because in just about five minutes , michael was walking through the big uc open hall outside the coffee area , a guitar case slung over his back . 
 he should have drawn attention -- michael was just plain gorgeous , and girlslooked -- but he was walking with his shoulders slumped , hands in his pants pockets , looking down , and the whole aura just projected do n't look at me so strongly that claire could n't see a single person other than herself actually taking notice of him . 
 he slid onto a seat next to her , leaning the guitar case against the table . 
 `` so , now we 're going to be actual criminals , '' he said . 
 `` and , see , you brought a guitar . '' 
 he gave her alook . 
 `` i was on my way to practice . '' 
 `` oh . 
 well , thanks . '' 
 `` sounds like i did n't have much of a choice . 
 this guy has vampire blood ? '' 
 `` i guess so . 
 larkin was using it for some experiment . 
 i suppose it was authorized . '' 
 `` larkin ? 
 had to be . 
 he would n't dare do it on the side . '' 
 michael nudged her empty mocha cup with a fingertip . 
 `` where 's eve ? '' 
 `` right here , ninja with fangs . '' 
 eve leaned over behind him , put her arms around his neck , and kissed him right over the cool blue veins . 
 `` claire said i had to go in disguise as a regular person . '' 
 and she had . 
 eve had scrubbed off every trace of her goth persona and tied her black hair back in a tight ponytail . 
 she 'd changed into a plain black hoodie -- one without skulls or symbols , so claire could only figure she 'd raided someone else 's locker for it . 
 the only thing left to indicate she was n't like every other college-age girl on campus were the thick-soled boots she was wearing . 
 still , those were n't all that noticeable . 
 she 'd even thrown on an old pair of blue jeans . 
 `` wow . 
 we really are stealthy now , '' claire said , and shut her computer . 
 `` can we store stuff in the back ? '' 
 `` sure , my locker has an actual lock . '' 
 claire raised her eyebrows and tugged the cord of the black hoodie . 
 `` and you keep this in it ? '' 
 `` i did n't say that the locks could n't be picked . 
 but actually my good buddy edie never locks hers , anyway . 
 come on , let 's get the storage taken care of . '' 
 in the end , they left michael 's guitar , claire 's backpack -lrb- with laptop -rrb- , and pretty much everything else behind , as eve set up the lunch break sign on the counter and locked up the register . 
 in a surprisingly short time , they were headed out again . 
 michael had brought a leather hat , which looked kind of sloppy-cool and shaded his face and neck . 
 he kept his hands in his pockets . 
 `` you 're not as sensitive anymore , '' claire said . 
 `` to the sun , i mean . '' 
 because when michael had first been venturing out , he 'd had to drape himself in a blanket to keep from burning . 
 `` well , it 's cloudy , '' he pointed out . 
 it was ; there were ominous dark masses in the sky , and the sun had disappeared behind the curtain . 
 `` and i 've got on two layers . 
 but , yeah , it 's better now than it was . '' 
 he said it as if he was n't sure how he felt about it , which was strange . 
 claire supposed that becoming more stable meant he also felt more like a vampire . 
 `` i 'll be okay unless the sun comes out full strength again . '' 
 which , claire could tell , it would n't . 
 rain was coming , the kind of torrential desert rain that would drown the streets and create flash floods out in the arroyos outside of town , and would be completely gone tomorrow . 
 there were already flashes of hidden lightning inside the clouds . 
 luckily , they were n't far from stinky doug 's dorm . 
 it housed both male and female students , which was lucky , because it meant the three of them were even less noticeable , and there were n't any sign-ins required . 
 once they 'd made it to the stairwell , michael took off the hat , stuffed it in his jacket , and ran up the steps with so much ease that claire , puffing a little in his wake , wondered if maybe this vampire thing might not be okay after all . 
 eight flights of stairs was n't her thing . 
 at the top , she and eve caught their breath and joined up with michael as he stepped out to check the hallway . 
 he motioned for them to follow , so it must have been clear . 
 claire was surprised to see that this dorm hall was pretty much like her old one , the one she 'd first lived in when she 'd moved to morganville -- dingy , battered , smelling like old beer and desperation . 
 doors were closed all along the hall , except for a couple at the end that blasted music she did n't recognize at top volume in some kind of stereo war . 
 stinky doug 's room was the third on the left . 
 michael paused in front of it , leaned forward and listened , then nodded . 
 he jiggled the knob . 
 locked . 
 that was why it was good to have a vampire along , because a simple twist of his wrist , and that lock problem ? 
 solved . 
 michael pushed open the door and disappeared inside , and eve and claire followed , shutting the door behind them . 
 and claire choked , because stinky doug 's personal aroma wasnothing compared to the state of his dorm room . 
 her eyes watered . 
 she could n't stand to take a full breath , because she was deeply afraid she was going to vomit . 
 not that it would make the stench any worse . 
 `` eww , '' eve said , pitifully , holding her nose shut . 
 `` oh , my god ! 
 what died ? '' 
 michael turned on the lights . 
 for a couple of seconds , they stared in silence , and then eve said , in a very small , muffled voice , `` it was supposed to be a rhetorical question . '' 
 because doug was lying on the bed , eyes open and staring , and he was definitely , completely dead . 
 not for long , claire guessed , because blood still dripped from the wound in his neck . 
 it was n't a vampire bite . 
 there was a huge pool of blood soaked into the mattress beneath doug , staining his t-shirt crimson . 
 michael had gone very , very pale -- marble white , in fact . 
 he leaned over the body , maybe checking for signs of life , and shook his head . 
 as claire and eve stood rooted to the spot in shock , he ransacked doug 's backpack , then patted down the dead man 's pockets , pulling out keys , a cell phone , breath mints -lrb- it made claire suddenly sad that he carried those when he was so generally unpleasant to the senses -rrb- , a wallet , some change . 
 no vials of blood . 
 `` we have to go , '' michael said . 
 `` now . 
 right now . '' 
 `` was it -- was it the vamps ? '' 
 eve asked . 
 `` can you tell ? '' 
 `` i do n't think so . '' 
 `` but -- '' `` the ones i know would n't be that bloody , '' michael said . 
 `` we have to go . '' 
 they were heading for the stairs , and claire was still feeling a strange , distant sense of disconnection , when the reality of what she 'd seen actually hit her , like color and sound and smell all snapping into focus at the same instant . 
 doug wasdead . 
 he 'd beenmurdered . 
 she stopped , put her back against the hallway wall , and slid down to a crouch . 
 she could n't breathe . 
 her whole body was shaking . 
 she 'd seen a lot of unpleasant things since moving to morganville , but this ... this was worse . 
 this seemed so ... cold . 
 and the worst part of it was , michael thought that the monsters had n't done it . 
 not the side of town she usually thought of as monsters , anyway . 
 eve was bending over her , pulling on her arm . 
 having lost the goth makeup , she looked stark right now , washed pale . 
 `` come on , claire , we need to get the hell out of here . 
 too many questions . '' 
 `` but we ca n't ... just leave him -- '' `` we wo n't , '' michael said , and took her other arm . 
 he pulled her to her feet and held her there until her knees stopped shaking . 
 `` but we 're not staying . 
 eve 's right . '' 
 claire clung to the handrail on the way down . 
 she could n't get the image out of her mind , the way doug 's face had seemed so slack and empty , the way his eyes stared , all pupils . 
 the way the blood had soaked his bed beneath him . 
 she stopped on the third-floor landing and put her head down , breathing fast . 
 eve and michael were already halfway down to the next level , but they turned and came back . 
 they were talking , but she could n't hear them . 
 it took forever to get moving again and , once they were out in the dorm lobby , to try to act normal . 
 she held on to michael 's arm , mostly for support . 
 outside , he put his hat on again and led her to the shade of a tree , where she collapsed in a pathetic heap on the dying grass . 
 overhead , the dry leaves rattled and hissed . 
 a few broke loose in the freshening breeze . 
 michael crouched down beside her , and eve knelt on the other side . 
 `` claire ? '' 
 he asked . 
 his eyes were very blue , very clear , and very worried . 
 `` claire , talk to me . 
 you okay ? '' 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 her voice sounded small and fragile and very far away . 
 `` he 's dead . 
 someone killed him . '' 
 eve and michael exchanged worried looks . 
 michael shook his head . 
 `` i 'll get hold of richard and hannah , '' he said . 
 `` this needs to be handled quietly . 
 they need to know what happened before it gets out of hand . '' 
 and right on cue , the thundering music from the top floor of the dorm cut out , and from an open window came the sound of a girl 's scream , long and loud , with razor-edged horror in it . 
 that was the scream claire had n't voiced , the one that still bubbled inside her . 
 somehow , hearing someone else do it helped ease the pressure . 
 she did n't feel quite as faint and sick . 
 `` i think that ship 's sailed , michael , '' eve said , staring toward the dorm . 
 without the makeup , she looked so young -- and so determined . 
 `` better make the call quick . 
 this is going to get crazy fast . '' 
 michael nodded , stood up , and used his cell phone . 
 it was n't a long conversation , but then he dialed another number , and that was a lot longer . 
 oliver , claire figured , from the general tone and michael 's body language . 
 only oliver could make him that tense . 
 he came back as he was ending the call , and looked down at her . 
 `` you going to be okay ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` you mean now or generally ? '' 
 that made him smile a little . 
 `` now . '' 
 `` i can deal , '' claire said . 
 `` generally , that 's going to be a little bit tougher . 
 i was n't born in morganville . 
 still getting used to all the ... '' `` mayhem , '' eve said , for once not laughing or making a joke . 
 `` blood . 
 death . 
 yeah , sadly , itis something you get used to . 
 but still , this one caught me off guard , too . 
 i 'll call shane , okay ? '' 
 `` no , no , do n't . 
 he 'll take off from work , and i 'm all right . 
 i 'll be fine . '' 
 she was lying through her teeth . 
 she felt cold and shaky and she wished -- oh , god , more than anything -- that shane were here right now . 
 or her parents . 
 she 'd never missed her mom and dad more than she did right at this moment , which was dumb , because what were they going to do ? 
 hug her . 
 make her feel safe again , just for a little while . 
 because that was what parents did , or at least what they were supposed to do . 
 eve had n't had that privilege , because her home life had been crap , and neither had shane , who 'd had the worst dad in the world . 
 but claire 's family had been great , and she had n't even known how much she missed it until ... well , now . 
 while they waited for the sirens to arrive , claire pulled out her phone and dialed her dad 's cell phone number . 
 he answered on the third ring . 
 `` hey , sweetheart , '' he said . 
 he sounded better than he had before , almost normal . 
 strong . 
 considering that he 'd left morganville in an ambulance and had almost died -- not from the vampires , but from his own bad heart -- it was so good to hear him be more like himself . 
 the connection crackled and hissed . 
 `` sorry for the noise . 
 i 'm out walking . 
 it 's getting windy . '' 
 `` here , too . 
 looks like it might rain . '' 
 `` we had some rain earlier this morning . 
 cooled things down quite a bit . 
 how are you , claire ? '' 
 `` good , '' claire said , and swallowed . 
 `` i. . . 
 just wanted to see how you were doing , dad . '' 
 `` doing great . 
 they 've got me walking a lot , trying to build up the old cardiovascular health again . 
 i have to say , i 'm glad i finally got that surgery . 
 i did n't realize how bad i 'd been feeling until i felt better . '' 
 he paused , and , with that dad radar she 'd always both loved and dreaded , said , `` you did n't just call to say hello , honey . 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` nothing . '' 
 the concern in his voice turned her all trembly again , and made her want to cry , but she could n't do that . 
 would n't . 
 `` it 's pretty much the same here ; you know how it is . 
 how 's mom ? '' 
 `` she 's joined some kind of scrapbooking club . 
 i never knew you could spend so much time and money on sticking photos in albums , but that 's your mom . 
 once she gets excited about something ... '' `` i know , she 's a madwoman , '' claire finished , and smiled a little . 
 she could just see her mother coming home with bags and bags of stuff to hot-glue into memories . 
 `` how 's the new house ? '' 
 `` embarrassingly large . 
 with a yard , too . 
 i may have to learn how to garden . '' 
 `` grow me something . 
 irises . 
 i like irises . '' 
 `` purple ones , right ? '' 
 `` yeah , purple 's good . '' 
 `` honey , are you sure you 're all right ? 
 you sound odd . '' 
 `` just ... allergies , '' she said , and wiped her leaking eyes . 
 `` you take care , daddy . 
 i 'll see you soon , okay ? '' 
 `` okay , '' he said , doubtfully . 
 `` call tomorrow . 
 your mother will hate me if she does n't get her turn . '' 
 `` i will . 
 bye . '' 
 eve had turned away , watching the dorm , but she 'd been paying attention . 
 as claire finished her call , she said , `` feel better ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' claire said . 
 she did . 
 still shaky , but steadier inside , where it counted . 
 `` i wish i could do that , '' eve said . 
 `` call my mom . 
 but no . 
 whiny , self-absorbed bitching from her probably would n't have the same effect , although it definitelywould make me forget about doug for a second . '' 
 michael held out his hand , and eve took it , and their eyes met for a second before eve looked away . 
 `` yeah , '' she said . 
 `` life sucks , we die , or not . 
 mom is the least of my problems , right ? '' 
 `` right at the moment ? 
 yeah , '' michael said . 
 `` and now i want to callmy parents . '' 
 claire thought he might be joking , but with michael , you never could tell . 
 his parents were cool ; she 'd met them once , but they did n't live in morganville anymore , and they were n't even nearby . 
 like claire 's parents , they 'd been given permission to move because of medical problems . 
 michael did n't say much about them , but then , michael was the quiet type . 
 in any case , he did n't have time to do anything , because a police car , siren blasting and lights flaring , pulled up in front of the dorm in the parking lot , where a crowd of students was gathering . 
 almost all the students promptly pulled their cell phones out and began busily clicking pictures and taking videos of the police presence . 
 next stop : the internet . 
 `` worst inventionever , '' claire muttered . 
 myrnin was already talking about how to disable the features on all cell phones inside of morganville . 
 at times such as this , she kind of saw his point . 
 hannah moses was second to arrive on the scene , looking crisp and starched in her police uniform ; she 'd tucked her corn-rowed hair up under her cap , and apart from the gold bar on the lapel of her blue shirt , she looked exactly like the other police , who got busy cordoning off the scene . 
 two other men got out of a plain gray car that pulled up behind hers . 
 claire recognized the men with a little start , because she had n't seen them in a while . 
 `` hey , '' said detective travis lowe , nodding to her . 
 he 'd lost weight , she thought , and he looked a little bit grayer than before . 
 detective joe hess had n't changed at all , except that his smile was more guarded as he nodded , too . 
 `` i heard you found yourself a genuine dead person . '' 
 `` travis , '' hannah said , frowning at him . 
 `` go easy on the kid . '' 
 `` her ? 
 listen , i know her . 
 she 's tough . 
 she can take it . 
 right , claire ? '' 
 she nodded , because what else did you do when someone said something like that ? 
 but she did n't feel tough . 
 not right at this moment . 
 as if he sensed that , detective hess cut in front of his partner and came to talk to her . 
 he had a soothing sort of manner , and the gentle tone of voice he used made her feel a little less ... lost . 
 `` someone you knew , right ? '' 
 hess said . 
 `` can you tell me what happened ? '' 
 `` i -- '' claire suddenly realized that she had a decision to make : tell about the whole reason she and eve and michael had come over , or lie and pretend like it was just another of those wacky morganville coincidences . 
 she did n't feel like lying , though . 
 not to detective hess . 
 `` it 's doug -- doug legrande . 
 he was my lab partner in professor larkin 's class . 
 he took something he should n't have , and i came to ask him to give it back . '' 
 detective hess was a hell of a lot sharper than most people in morganville , and he gave her a sideways look as he said very casually , `` would that thing be something that some people in town would n't want to get out ? '' 
 `` blood , '' she said , keeping her voice in a whisper . 
 `` you know what kind of blood . '' 
 `` i do . 
 so , tell me what happened when you got here . '' 
 and he slowly walked her through it , step by step , from the beginning . 
 he 'd also walked her off a little from her friends , and claire saw that detective lowe was talking to eve , while michael had hannah as a conversational partner . 
 double-checking facts , claire guessed . 
 the low-key way it was done made her feel a lot less nervous . 
 by the time she was finished , detective lowe had finished up with eve and was sitting on the back bumper of the gray car , making notes with a pad and pen as he talked to chief moses . 
 hannah had notes , too . 
 `` did we do anything wrong ? '' 
 claire finally asked , as hess jotted down something , as well . 
 `` i mean , we tried to do the right thing . 
 for doug . '' 
 `` you probably would have been better off reporting it immediately , '' hess said . 
 that was one thing she liked a lot about him : he was kind about it , but he told her the truth , no matter how difficult it was to hear it . 
 `` i ca n't say this would n't have still happened , because we ca n't jump to the conclusion that his theft had anything to do with his murder , but you need to understand that if it did , doug did n't have to die . 
 he might have been in jail , but he would have been safer . 
 understand ? '' 
 she did , and she felt miserable ... but , oddly , also more centered . 
 it was what she 'd been thinking , anyway . 
 hearing him say it did n't make her feel any worse ; it made it real enough that she could move on , accept it as a mistake , and plan to never let it happen again . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she said . 
 she was n't sure if hess understood , but she thought he probably did . 
 `` you 're learning , '' he said . 
 `` sometimes those lessons come harder than others . 
 i 'm glad you 're all right . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 she cleared her throat . 
 `` um , how have you been ? 
 i have n't seen you since , you know ... '' she did n't know how to put it . 
 they all avoided talking about mr. bishop , definitely the coldest vampire she 'd ever met ; he 'd been cruel , calculating , and way too powerful . 
 the fact that they 'd survived his attempt to take over morganville had been amazing ... but nobody wanted to risk going through that again . 
 `` yeah , since that , '' hess said . 
 `` we 've been working . 
 travis took a vacation for six months , out of town . 
 other than that , the usual . 
 this is the first outright murder we 've had in a while , though . '' 
 he did n't sound either bothered or excited about it . 
 just businesslike . 
 claire did n't know what to say to that , but it did n't seem to matter . 
 he walked her back over to the police cars and went to consult with hannah and his partner . 
 `` you take me the most interesting places , '' eve was saying to michael when she rejoined them . 
 `` murder scenes , interrogations ... '' he hugged her silently . 
 overhead , thunder boomed and the first drops of rain began to fall . 
 a police officer brought them a collapsible umbrella from his squad car , and the three of them stood in its shelter as the rain poured down and the police started their investigation . 
 by the time it let up , hannah said they could leave . 
 claire said good-bye to her friends , picked up her backpack from the coffee shop , and then went straight to myrnin . 
 `` it 's possible , '' myrnin was muttering to himself as he paced the floor of the lab . 
 `` entirely possible . 
 likely , even . '' 
 claire , coming down the steps from the entrance , dumped her book bag at the usual strategic location -- meaning it was equally accessible whether she needed to defend herself or make a quick exit . 
 she was used to coming into the middle of myrnin 's conversations with himself . 
 `` what 's possible ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` anything , '' he said absently . 
 `` but that 's not what i was talking about . 
 oh , hello , claire . 
 you 're in good time . 
 i need an extra pair of hands . '' 
 `` as long as i keep them attached , '' she said , which earned her a startled stare . 
 `` the things you say to me , you 'd think i was some sort of monster . 
 oh , here , help me with this . '' 
 he gestured to one of the lab tables , which held some gleaming new device with brass fittings and -- as always with myrnin -- pipes , wires , and some kind of strange-looking vacuum tubes . 
 `` i need it over there . '' 
 he pointed to an empty table across the room . 
 and then he kept on pacing , his white lab coat -lrb- a recent discovery of his ; he thought it made him look more official -rrb- flaring around him . 
 it was somewhat spoiled by the flopping bunny slippers , their fangs showing with every step . 
 oh . 
 he was n't going tohelp her move it . 
 well , of course he was n't . 
 myrnin could have picked it up with one hand and carried it easily from one spot to another , but he was busy thinking . 
 carrying things was her job . 
 today , anyway . 
 claire picked up the engine -- if that was what it was -- and staggered with it over to the other table . 
 it felt as if he 'd packed it with lead , and knowing myrnin , that was n't much of a stretch . 
 it smelled like blood and flowers , and she hesitated to even guess what its purpose might have been . 
 `` what 's possible ? '' 
 she asked again , leaning against the table and trying to work the kinks out of her arms after stretching them about six inches with the weight of that stupidthing , whatever it was . 
 myrnin was muttering under his breath , but he paused and glanced at her , even though he kept pacing . 
 `` that your friend was murdered by someone who believed he had a drug . 
 perhaps he was trying to sell the blood . '' 
 `` how did you hear about that already ? '' 
 she was surprised , because she 'd meant to tell him all about it . 
 myrnin waved that away . 
 `` interesting news travels quickly in a town as boring as this , '' he said . 
 `` also , i tend to monitor police broadcasts . 
 your name was mentioned in connection with the investigation . 
 i made a few calls to find out the rest . 
 so , do you think he was trying to develop some sort of drug ? '' 
 `` myrnin , doug was stinky , but he was n't crazy . 
 there may be people in morganville who will just take any old thing to see if it gets them high , but he just saw that bloodboil under the lights . 
 he was n't not going to try to sell it as a drug . '' 
 `` you 'd be very surprised what people get up to . 
 but , in any case , it 's possible someone else understood the potential of it , and doug was simply collateral damage . '' 
 myrnin sighed . 
 `` i understand it was quite bloody . 
 what a terrible waste . '' 
 he did n't mean of doug , of course . 
 he did n't know doug , and claire doubted he would have really cared . 
 no , myrnin was talking about the waste ofplasma . 
 which made claire shiver , and reminded her again that no matter how cute and cuddly myrnin could sometimes be , there was something about him that just ... was n't quite right . 
 not for a human , anyway . 
 `` frank ! '' 
 myrnin yelled , making her jump . 
 `` do you have any insights to share ? 
 at all ? '' 
 frank collins 's voice came out of every speaker in the room -- the old radio set in the corner , the newer tv mounted on the wall , the computer on the antique desk , and claire 's own cell phone in her pocket . 
 `` you do n't have to yell . 
 believe me , i can hear you . 
 wish to hell i could shut you off . '' 
 `` well , you ca n't , and i need your particular expertise , '' myrnin said . 
 he sounded smug and a little bit vindictive ; myrnin did n't like frank , frank did n't like anybody who drank plasma , and the whole thing was just plainweird . 
 because frank collins , shane 's dad , had once been a badass vampire-hunting criminal , and then mr. bishop had made him a self-loathing vampire , and now he was ... dead . 
 she was listening to a dead man speaking over the radio . 
 well , notdead , exactly . 
 after frank had died saving claire and shane , myrnin had scooped out his still-sort-of-living brain , stuck it in a plasma bath , and hooked it up to a computer . 
 frank collins was now the brain that ran morganville , and , thankfully , shane did n't know . 
 claire could honestly not imagine howthat conversation was going to go when he found out . 
 it made her ill to even try to imagine it . 
 `` this would go easier if you 'd show your face , '' myrnin said . 
 `` please . 
 you may be assured that by please , i meando it , or i 'll put an injection of something nasty in your plasma . '' 
 `` myrnin ! '' 
 claire blurted , wide-eyed . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` you have no idea how difficult he 's been lately . 
 i thoughtada was a problem , but she was positively the model of decorum next to this one , '' he said . 
 `` well ? 
 i 'm waiting , frank . '' 
 in the corner , a faint shadow appeared , a blur of static that resolved into a flat image on the three-dimensional background . 
 he was n't bothering with a color image ; maybe frank thought shades of gray made him look more badass . 
 if so , he was right . 
 his computer image looked years younger than claire had last seen him . 
 he had grungy good looks , though his hair was long and messy , and he still had a wicked bad scar on his face . 
 he was dressed in black leather , including a jacket with lots of silver buckles , and big , stomping boots . 
 `` better ? '' 
 his voice asked . 
 the image 's mouth moved , but his voice still came in surround sound from the speakers . 
 `` and if you mess with me , i 'll hit you back , you bloodsucking geek . 
 do n't think i ca n't . '' 
 myrnin smiled , fangs down . 
 `` well , you cantry , '' he almost purred . 
 `` now . 
 let 's have a chat about the criminal elements of morganville , since you have such a fine and intimate acquaintance with them . '' 
 frank 's 2-d avatar did n't have much in the way of facial expression , but , then , frank in 3-d form had n't been big on emoting , either . 
 his voice , however , was full of sarcasm . 
 `` always glad to be of help to the vampire community , '' he said . 
 `` we all know there is no crime in morganville . 
 and the humans are all just happy to be here . 
 it 's paradise on earth . 
 ai n't that what it says in the brochure ? '' 
 myrnin lost his smile , and his dark eyes got that dangerously hot look that made claire nervous . 
 `` i suppose you think you 're irreplaceable in your current position , '' he said . 
 `` you 're a brain in a jar , frank . 
 by definition , you are eminently replaceable . '' 
 now frank 's avatar smiled . 
 it seemed just as artificial as the rest of him . 
 `` then pull the plug , if you think you can do better . '' 
 myrnin 's gaze slid to claire , and she felt that chill again , the one that rushed from the bottom of her spine right up to the top of her head . 
 he did n't say anything . 
 he did n't have to . 
 she knew he 'd always thought she was a better candidate for the brain-in-a-jar thing -- which meant he thought she 'd be easier to control . 
 frank had just been at the right , or wrong , place at the right time to take her place . 
 that could always change . 
 frank must have figured that out , too , because he said , `` you touch my kid 's girl , and i 'll end this miserable town . 
 you know i can . '' 
 `` ada could n't pull that off , and she had much longer to think about it than you have , '' myrnin said , suddenly back to his old self . 
 `` so let 's abandon the empty threats , shall we ? 
 and get back to the subject . 
 i need to understand who in this town might be willing to kill for a sample of vampire blood . '' 
 frank 's laugh was dry and scratchy and full of contempt . 
 `` you want me to print out a phone directory ? 
 between the people who want to figure out how to kill you faster , the ones who want to protect you because they have money riding on it , and the ones who just dig the whole undead look , it could be anybody . '' 
 `` a list of anyone who is known to be making antivampire weapons , then , '' myrnin said with icy precision . 
 `` and anyone who might possibly be researching how to use vampire blood as a drug . '' 
 `` that ship sailed last century , '' frank said . 
 `` everybody knows it makes a crap drug . 
 no real high to it . 
 makes you stronger for a while , but it 's got no bump , and the fall 's worse than steroids . 
 they tried combining it with other stuff , but there 's nothing you can add it to that vampire blood wo n't break down in a hurry . '' 
 silence . 
 myrnin was surprised , claire realized ; he had n't known humans had even thought about any of this . 
 and it bothered him . 
 if it botheredmyrnin , it would make the other vampires crazy . 
 `` how far back does this go ? '' 
 `` it was already old news when i was in high school . '' 
 frank shrugged . 
 `` people kept on trying , but nothing ever worked . 
 so i think you can write off the drug angle . 
 now , the killing-your-kind-better motive ... that i can believe . 
 it would have been at the top of my christmas list . '' 
 frank was still identifying vampires asyou , notus , which was interesting . 
 he 'd been a vampire a relatively short time , and claire knew he 'd been forced into it ; it was n't something he would ever have chosen for himself . 
 he took a special delight in seeing the vamps one-upped . 
 `` then i 'll need a list of those people , '' myrnin said . 
 `` we 'll need to interview them . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 the word came out flat and final . 
 and it rang on the cold stone of the lab 's walls and floors , until myrnin repeated it very softly . 
 `` no ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i was one of them , and i 'm not going to put their names on a piece of paper for you and yours to go out and hunt down . '' 
 `` maybe your son knows , '' myrnin said . 
 he said it in a very offhand way , and without looking at claire . 
 he was staring at frank 's flickering image . 
 `` maybe i should ask him instead . 
 forcefully . '' 
 frank 's image shifted , and claire could actuallyfeel the menace coming off it now , like an icy wind . 
 `` maybe you should n't even think about going there . '' 
 `` oh , i do , '' myrnin said , and raised his eyebrows . 
 `` i think about it quite a lot . '' 
 there was something fey coming out in him in response to frank 's defiance ; it was something claire hardly ever saw . 
 maybe it was a guy thing . 
 she picked up the first pointy thing that came to hand -- a pair of scissors -- and jammed them against myrnin 's back , notinto his back , stabby-wise , but enough to make an impression . 
 `` ow , '' he said absently , and looked over his shoulder at her . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` leave shane out of it , '' she said very quietly . 
 that was all . 
 no explanations , no threats . 
 myrnin turned very slowly to face her . 
 that strange , uncomfortable light in his eyes was still glittering , but as he stared at her , it faded , like someone turned down a dimmer switch . 
 `` all right , '' he said . 
 `` since you ask so nicely . '' 
 `` i was n't asking . '' 
 `` i 'm aware of that . 
 the sharp point in my back did make it clear . '' 
 he caught her wrist in one of those lightning-quick vampire motions and took the scissors away from her . 
 he put them in the pocket of his lab coat . 
 `` would n't want you hurting yourself . '' 
 `` no , '' claire said . 
 `` you think that 's your job . '' 
 a quick flash of a smile , not a very nice one , and myrnin turned back to frank . 
 `` all right , my unpleasant friend , we 'll have done with threats , both yours and mine . 
 please , for the sake of young claire here , will you be so kind as to provide me with a few places where i might look for a murderer ? '' 
 `` the mirror 's a great place to start , '' frank said . 
 `` but if you 're talking humans , i can give you maybe two names . 
 we 'd be better off if they were off the streets , anyway . '' 
 three claire was n't needed for the actual investigation . 
 myrnin wanted to do it himself ... a fact that left her a little bit worried , not so much for him as for the people he was out to question -lrb- not very nice people , granted , if frank collins had decided they were worth losing -rrb- . 
 she left a message for oliver , figuring that it was his problem now , and headed for home . 
 she expected to find everyone there , but when she unlocked the front door of the house on lot street , it sounded quiet . 
 way too quiet . 
 they were n't a studious bunch , her housemates . 
 if shane was home , there should have been game noise ; if eve , loud music . 
 if both , shouting plusboth those things . 
 michael was n't home , either , because she did n't hear guitar . 
 `` helllooooooooo , '' she called , as she locked the door behind her in standard morganville precautionary measure . 
 `` house ghost ? 
 anybody ? '' 
 not that they had a house ghost anymore , but it always seemed polite to ask . 
 weirder things had happened . 
 silence . 
 claire dumped her book bag on the couch , on top of a sweatshirt someone -lrb- shane -rrb- had left balled up there , flopped down , and stretched out . 
 she rarely had the house to herself ; it felt nice . 
 strange , but nice . 
 when nobody was moving around , she could hear something like a low , electric vibration from all over -- walls , floors , ceiling . 
 the life of the house . 
 claire reached down and patted the wooden floor . 
 `` good house . 
 nice house . 
 we should do a repaint or something . 
 make you pretty again . '' 
 she could have sworn that the house 's low hum cycled , like a very faint , approving purr . 
 after half an hour , she got up and checked the table and other likely spots for any sign of notes left behind , but there were n't any hints about when she might expect anybody to show up . 
 she was about to go upstairs to study when the flyer caught her eye . 
 it had slipped off the kitchen table and was lying curled against the wall . 
 she picked it up and smoothed it out . 
 the new martial arts gym . 
 not likely eve was there , but for shane , it was definitely a safe bet that was where he 'd gone off to . 
 claire tapped the paper thoughtfully , then smiled . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 she asked . 
 the house did n't answer or have any opinion one way or another . 
 `` i could use the exercise . 
 and i ` vegot to see this place . '' 
 she raced upstairs , changed into a pair of low-riding sweatpants and a faded t-shirt that advertised the killers , and at the last second , added the gold founder 's pin to her collar . 
 it scratched , but better that than getting caught outside without protection . 
 after all , she had n't gotten martially artedyet . 
 it was still light out , but fading fast toward twilight . 
 cold wind twirled the leaves in the gutters , and as she walked , claire wished she 'd thought to bring a sweater . 
 a few cars passed her , some with blacked-out , vampire-friendly windows , but nobody paid her more than a glance that she could tell . 
 the new gym was located in one of the less-trafficked parts of town , near a bunch of warehouses that had seen better days and businesses with long-ago-faded closed permanently signs in the windows . 
 in all that industrial devastation , one neon sign still glowed , with a red-and-green dragon swishing its tail . 
 the storefront looked newly renovated , and claire could swear she still smelled fresh paint . 
 there were a lot of cars in the parking lot and lining the street . 
 with surprise , claire recognized eve 's black hearse ; she did n't expect eve to be a fan of sparring . 
 well , people probably would n't have bet on her showing up , either . 
 there were no windows to look in through , so claire pulled open the heavy metal door and walked into a large tiled area with a wooden counter . 
 a buffed-up guy of postcollege age sat on a stool behind it , reading a magazine . 
 he had a lot of tattoos , and a particularly sharp buzz cut . 
 when he glanced up and saw her , his sandy eyebrows went up . 
 `` here for class ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` uh , maybe . 
 i just want to check it out . '' 
 `` all right . 
 you can do a pay-as-you-go for the first couple of visits , but after that , it 's a monthly fee , no refunds . '' 
 he shoved a clipboard at her , along with a pen . 
 `` fill out the forms . 
 it 's ten dollars . '' 
 ten was a lot for just checking it out , but claire put her name on the papers , along with her address , phone number , medical history , and all the other stuff that was asked about exercise and mobility . 
 some of it seemed pretty intrusive . 
 she handed it back , along with her faded ten-dollar bill , and got a sticky name tag to slap on her t-shirt . 
 then the bouncer -- she could n't think of him as a receptionist -- hit a hidden button , and a sharp , electronic buzz sounded . 
 `` push the wall , right there , '' he said , pointing . 
 she pushed , and it opened , cutting off the buzz . 
 it swung shut behind her as she stepped through , and if it locked , she could n't hear it over the noise . 
 amazing that she 'd missed it on the other side of the barrier , because this gym wasworking . 
 the clang of free weights hitting supports . 
 solid , heavy clunks from the weight machines as men and women sweat , grunted , and worked at the stations . 
 whirring wheels on exercise bikes . 
 and in the center of the room , a large open space with mats in the middle , and about thirty people dressed in white martial arts clothes , kneeling with their hands on their thighs , all facing in toward the middle . 
 claire looked quickly around , and although she recognized some of those doing the straight exercise stuff , she did n't see shane or eve among them . 
 she edged around toward a stair-climber not in use and stepped on so she could get a better vantage point of the class in progress . 
 whoever had used it before her had set it to murderous levels ; she had to back off on the resistance almost immediately , and so she almost missed shane , who was sitting facing the mat at an angle . 
 she spotted him only because he got up and walked to the center of the mats . 
 he wore his uniform well , she realized , like he 'd done this before . 
 maybe he had . 
 he had that look , the one she recognized from watching him fight , though those had been more down-and-dirty street things than martial arts bouts . 
 he was n't looking at anything but the man facing him . 
 shane was a pretty big guy for his age -- broad shouldered , kind of tall . 
 and he had at least a foot on the man facing him , who looked frozen at the age of about thirty.the vampire instructor , claire thought . 
 he had long hair he 'd tied back in a ponytail . 
 they bowed to each other formally and settled back into some kind of stance , almost mirroring each other . 
 shane kicked , high and fast . 
 the vampire ducked and let shane 's momentum spin him out of position , and with one economically placed , almost gentle push , sent him tumbling to the mats . 
 shane rolled and came up with his hands out , ready to defend , but the vampire was just standing there , watching him . 
 `` nice attack , '' he said . 
 `` but i can move out of the way of a kick . 
 you 'd do much better to move in close , reduce my reaction time . 
 it 's the only real chance you have , you see . 
 you need to remember how much faster we can move , and how much more observant we are of things like shifts of weight and eye movements . '' 
 shane nodded , shaggy hair rippling around his hard , intent face , and took two quick , light steps in to close the distance . 
 he struck as he did it , and even though he did n't land the punch , he came closer . 
 the vampire 's open hand stopped it less than an inch from his face . 
 he had n't flinched . 
 `` you 're quick , '' he said . 
 `` very quick , and unless i miss my guess , very well accustomed to fighting all sorts of enemies . 
 you 're young to be so angry , by the way . 
 that can be either an advantage or a disadvantage , depending on who you 're fighting . 
 and why . '' 
 shane fell back into a waiting stance and did n't answer . 
 the vampire gave him a little one-more-time signal , and shane went for a punch ... but it was a distraction , and this time , his kick actually hit the vampire in the side of his knee , forcing a shift in balance . 
 the vampire , without seeming to even think about it , spun and kicked shane right off the mat . 
 he tumbled across the wood floor and into the kneeling students like a ball into bowling pins . 
 they scattered . 
 claire gasped and gripped the stair-climber handles more tightly , resisting the urge to jump off and run to him . 
 he was already rolling up to his feet -- slower than last time , granted -- and walked back to the mats . 
 he put his right fist against his left palm , put feet together , and bowed . 
 the vampire bowed back . 
 `` again , '' he said . 
 `` i congratulate you on being the first to actually touch me . 
 now see if you can hurt me . '' 
 he bared his teeth in a savage little smile . 
 `` come on , boy . 
 try . '' 
 shane settled into attack stance again , and then , very suddenly , it was n't all about the polite martial arts form at all . 
 he went all street fighter , and the vampire was n't prepared for it . 
 in fact , despite the vampire 's being faster and deadlier , shane got him off balance in two quick , well-placed punches , swept his legs out from under him , and sent him on his back to the mat . 
 and he did n't stop there . 
 claire gasped and stopped climbing , frozen , as he dropped down on the vamp , slamming both knees into the man 's chest , and pantomimed ramming a stake into his heart . 
 there was something savage on shane 's face , something she remembered seeing before , but only when he was fighting for their lives . 
 a real , deep , burning hatred . 
 shane did n't move . 
 he was staring down at the fallen vamp , and the vamp was locking eyes with him . 
 then , slowly , he stood up , hand with the invisible stake falling back to his side . 
 the vampire rolled up to his feet in one fast , fluid movement , keeping a healthy distance between them . 
 he stared at shane for a beat too long , then did the formal bow . 
 shane echoed him . 
 `` you have a gift , '' the vampire said . 
 it did n't sound like a compliment , exactly . 
 `` i think you 're too advanced for this entry-level class . 
 see me later . 
 i think you may be suitable for some advanced placement . '' 
 shane bowed again , stepped back , and took his place at the edge of the floor , kneeling down . 
 a thin blond girl got up to take his place , looking terrified . 
 claire did n't blame her . 
 shane had brought a sense of real violence into the room , and that had gotten everyone 's attention ; the sound of weights clanging and people talking had hushed and slowed , if not stopped . 
 claire realized she was standing still on the stair-climber , and began pumping her legs again , mind not on the exercise at all , even though her calf muscles were already burning . 
 she could n't stop looking at shane now . 
 she could see only a thin slice of his face between the others , but from that she knew that he was n't paying attention to the blond girl getting her ass kicked -- gently -- in the middle of the floor . 
 he was staring straight ahead , face set and still , and if the victory had given him any kind of peace or triumph , she could n't see it . 
 shane i was n't always like this . 
 i know people think i like to fight , and , yeah , maybe they 're right -- i do -- but i did n't when i was little . 
 i just wanted to fit in and get along . 
 the usual crap in a town where not fitting in got you a whole lot of trouble . 
 i guess the first time i hit somebody was in elementary school , which is pretty standard for guys , but it was n't because i was personally getting attacked . 
 no , i threw the first punch . 
 i hit a guy named terrence james because he was shoving around my best friend , who was littler and could n't stand up to save his life . 
 i was about terrence 's size , and there was something about seeing a big guy pick on a little one that made me see red . 
 yeah , i 'm not that complicated . 
 i know why i felt like that . 
 my dad . 
 my dad , the guy who was okay when he was sober , but was a mean drunk . 
 he did n't hit me much , not then , but he was scary , and he 'd always liked to push people around . 
 felt good to push somebody like him around for a change . 
 punching terrence did n't feel nearly as good , though . 
 my knuckles felt like i 'd broken them into little pieces , but after the first horrific shock the pain was a good kind of pain , and it all fed into a red haze of euphoria as i looked at terrence lying on his back , tears streaming down his face , telling me he was sorry and that he 'd never do it again , ever . 
 and that 's how i discovered that i liked that feeling , that righteous , hot feeling of winning for what i thought was the right cause . 
 i was n't afraid of a little pain to get there , either , which is a huge advantage in a fight . 
 let 's face it : most people do n't like to get hurt , so if you show you 're okay with it , they 're going to get a little bit weird . 
 and maybe walk away . 
 i do n't mind a win by default , as long as i win . 
 when i got older , people pretty much left me alone . 
 i had that pit-bull mentality and a useful amount of height and muscle , both of which i probably owed to my father . 
 girls liked it , too , but not the right kind of girls , generally . 
 i won most fights , lost a few , but i never quit . 
 i took boxing and wrestling in high school and did okay , but i did n't like the rules that much . 
 i was a street brawler . 
 i guess i was on track to being my dad -- maybe not as bad , but let 's face it , it was n't easy to resist the black hole that was frank collins , and i 'd always done what he said . 
 he liked that i could hold my own in a fight . 
 after my sister and mother died , well , it got worse -- a whole lot worse . 
 sending me back to morganville to scout out the weaknesses had been a real show of faith from my dad , but the farther i got away from him , the more i realized that i did n't want to be him anymore . 
 he 'd taken it too far . 
 meeting claire made me realize that i could be something different . 
 something better . 
 the first time i saw her , black-and-blue but with this strange little core of strength ... i recognized something we had in common . 
 we did n't quit . 
 and we suffered for it . 
 i started out wanting to protect her , and the more i was around her , the more i realized that she was one girl who could take care of herself . 
 i was n't used to chicks being equals -- and claire was , and is . 
 she 's not that physically strong , but she 's quick and smart and fearless , and if sometimes i get overprotective about her , she 's the first one to remind me of that . 
 but i want to be ready , if it comes to a fight again -- which it will . 
 not just against the normal human bullies and criminals ; those were a piece of cake . 
 no , i want to be able to defend her against the vampires , and that is a whole lot harder . 
 weapons are good , and i never turn those down , but the reality is i ca n't count on always having one . 
 i worry . 
 there have been a couple of times -- more than a couple -- when only the fact that michael had vampire strength he could throw in with mine had saved us . 
 and that really bothered me . 
 i could n't depend on michael , either . 
 or anybody else . 
 mixed martial arts -- that was the ticket . 
 hit your guy however you can , and put him down fast . 
 my kind of fighting , and something that could work on vampires , if you knew what you were doing . 
 i 'd been itching to try it , and when the flyer came in the mail , it seemed like somebody up there liked me after all . 
 michael had pulled me off to the side after claire left to say he did n't think it was a good idea . 
 i told him to stuff it , but in a nice way , because even though he 's got fangs and a thirst , he 's still my bro . 
 most times . 
 took me a while to accept that , but i 'm almost okay with his whole night-stalking lifestyle now . 
 does n't mean i do n't want to be able to kick his ass if i have to , though . 
 the chance to learn martial arts from a vampire ... that was way too good to pass up . 
 i know how to do the real kind of martial arts . 
 i mean , i had karate until i was thirteen and decided i was too cool for it . 
 so i know how to put on a gi and tie a belt and be formal on the mats . 
 turned out that was good , because the instructor -- some dude named vassily , with an eastern european accent straight out of an old movie -- wanted to start out that way . 
 i was okay the first couple of passes , when he got me up to spar . 
 it was like fighting anybody else , no big thing , until he started using vampire speed and strength on me . 
 i could n't help it ; that made me angry , and anger kind of makes me forget the rules . 
 i went for his knee . 
 he hit me like a wrecking ball smashing a wall , and next thing i knew , i was shaking it off with a giant ache in my chest . 
 i 'd been lucky . 
 he could have caved in my ribs and swiss-cheesed my heart if he 'd hit full strength . 
 then do n't let him hit you again , loser.i could almost hear my dad 's voice , dry and mocking . 
 he was dead now , but in my mind he was always there , always watching , and always judging . 
 he 'd hated vampires . 
 i did n't much like 'em , either . 
 we 'd always had that in common . 
 i did n't think about walking away . 
 i went back to the mat and bowed , and the second i got a chance , i attacked with everything i had . 
 full-on blitz . 
 i knew i was going to get hurt , maybe badly , maybe killed , but i was n't going to be humiliated . 
 not by a vampire . 
 no way in hell . 
 i got him . 
 hard . 
 i could see the shock in his face , and the rush of rage , and as i stood there with the bloody taste of victory in my mouth , i actually wanted him to go for it , come get me , because , damn , i felt alive , actually alive ... . . 
 but he shut me down , said something i did n't register , and bowed me off the mat . 
 i do n't remember leaving or kneeling down . 
 i just remember thinking , next time , next time , next time , regular as a bell ringing in my head and drowning out every other thought . 
 i watched him go through the rest of the class . 
 he did n't hurt anybody else , but he could have . 
 he wanted to ; i could see it in flashes in his eyes . 
 they 're all alike , you know . 
 hunters . 
 even michael 's got it , though he hides it , and sometimes i pretend like i do n't see it , either . 
 you have to be ready for them to turn on you . 
 because if you 're not ready ... somebody you love could get hurt . 
 i closed my eyes and imagined claire . 
 she always made me feel better . 
 but although i could see her face , her smile , almost feel her presence , all i could think about was how easy it would be for them to take her away from me . 
 i could n't let that happen . 
 it occurred to me that what the vamp had said to me was that he 'd see me later . 
 some kind of special class ? 
 hell , yeah . 
 i could do that . 
 i needed to do that . 
 i needed to understand how to fight them , one on one , without help or weapons or hope . 
 only the vampires could show me that . 
 still ... sitting there , hands on my knees , breathing fast , i could n't help but feel that even though i 'd won , even though i 'd done the impossible ... somehow , i 'd lost . 
 and it was first of a whole lot of losses . 
 watching shane kneeling there , so closed-in and so ... cold , claire felt a little sick . 
 she did n't like it . 
 she did n't like how he 'd just fought , and she did n't like how he looked afterward . 
 shane was usuallyhappy after a fight , not ... angry . 
 this whole thing is a bad idea , she thought . 
 she did n't know why , but she knew it was true . 
 `` hey , '' said a low voice at her back , and claire looked back to see eve standing there . 
 for the gym , she 'd dispensed with the goth makeup , but her tight t-shirt had a pink skull with a bow on it , and there were a skull and crossbones in rhinestones down the sides of her workout pants , too . 
 she 'd tied her straight black hair back in a shining ponytail . 
 it was about as unadorned as eve ever got , unless she was in disguise . 
 `` did you see that ? 
 what the hell wasthat ? 
 did shane just go all wolfman , or what ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' claire said , and jumped down from the exercise machine . 
 `` but -- '' `` boyfriend 's got issues , '' eve finished . 
 `` yeah , no kidding . 
 so , you came to spy , too ? '' 
 `` too ? '' 
 `` really , come on . 
 do you see me as the heavy-sweating type ? 
 so very not . '' 
 eve looked her over critically . 
 `` and you are n't , either , but you can pass for it , probably . 
 did they make you pay the ten bucks to get in ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` this is so much less fun than i 'd hoped . 
 for one thing , nobody here is worthy of being ogled , and if they are , they 're way too sweaty . 
 or scary . 
 or both . '' 
 eve gave a theatrical little shudder . 
 `` what do you say we do something else ? '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 claire was still distracted by the sight of shane , kneeling like a statue at the edge of the sparring space . 
 he was still in that other world , looking off into the distance . 
 scary . 
 eve gave her a slow , wicked smile . 
 `` let me ask you this . 
 have you ever fenced ? '' 
 for a second , claire thought she meant the traditional kind of thing , like hammering pickets onto rails in front of a house , but then she figured it out . 
 `` oh . 
 you mean with swords ? '' 
 `` exactly . 
 if i 'm going to sweat , i 'm going to sweat in a cooler way . 
 follow me . '' 
 `` wait . 
 youfence ? '' 
 `` i took it up in high school , '' eve said . 
 `` come on , walk and talk , walk and talk . 
 that 's a girl . 
 yeah , i had to have a sport , but i do n't like those icky team things . 
 fencing seemed retro cool , and plus , there were pointy things you try to stick into your opponent . 
 it seemed like a good idea . '' 
 eve had clearly spent her time in the gym checking out every corner of it , because claire had no idea there was another part to it , behind a door near the restrooms . 
 behind it lay a couple of racquetball courts -lrb- safely caged up behind clear plastic -rrb- , and even an indoor tennis court ; maybe the vampires had been craving it and could n't get out in the sun . 
 but at the very back was a wood-floored room with racks on the walls that held swords , as well as neat stacks of white uniforms and those funky mesh helmets . 
 `` right . 
 i would n't start you out with a saber , '' eve said , moving claire from contemplation of one particular row of choices . 
 `` too whippy for a beginner . 
 how about a plain old foil ? 
 you can only target from the neck to the waist ; no double touches . 
 easy peasy . '' 
 she grabbed a couple of the long , slender weapons and tossed one to claire , who caught it . 
 it felt strange in her hand , but not at all heavy . 
 the blade was kind of square , and there was a round tip on the end . 
 she made a tentative slashing motion with it , and eve laughed . 
 `` it 's a lunging weapon , '' she said . 
 `` hang on , let 's get you suited up before you start attacking anything . '' 
 suiting upsounded much less complicated than it actually was ; by the time eve had finished dressing her like a sword-bearing doll , claire felt clumsy , hot , and claustrophobic . 
 between the thick padding and the tight mesh helmet , she had no idea how she was supposed to move , much less fight . 
 eve had her own fencing suit , which she took out of a cheerful , skull-featuring bag of her own . 
 her outfit was black , with a pirate skull and crossbones where the heart would be . 
 she lookeddangerous . 
 and a little bit crazy , even without the beekeeper helmet . 
 `` okay , '' she said . 
 `` first fighting lesson is , we do n't fight , so stop pointing that foil at me . 
 it 's not going to go off . '' 
 claire blushed and dropped the point down toward her toes . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 `` no worries . 
 you could n't hit me , anyway , '' eve said , and smiled . 
 `` i 'm going to line up next to you . 
 just do what i do , okay ? '' 
 the first thing , apparently , was how to grip the sword properly . 
 that took a while . 
 then there was lunging , which involved stabbing the sword out in a smooth , straight line while stepping out on her right leg in a deep crouch . 
 it hurt . 
 a lot . 
 in fact , after about ten of those , claire was gasping for breath and sweating ; in about fifteen , she was ready to cry . 
 eve stopped after twenty , but it seemed like she could have gone all day . 
 `` i had to put all this on forthat ? '' 
 claire muttered , as she pulled off her helmet . 
 her hair was soaked with sweat and sticking to her face . 
 `` seriously ? 
 nobody even waved a sword at me ! '' 
 `` you have to get used to the weight and moving in it , '' eve said . 
 `` suck it up , newbie . '' 
 `` you 're enjoying this . '' 
 `` yeah , well , a lot . 
 i had to do it . 
 you should , too . '' 
 eve winked . 
 she moved off to a padded pole that had a red circle marked on it , and practiced some lunges on her own . 
 her sword point landed in the circle every time . 
 claire spun around at the dry sound of hands clapping . 
 she had n't heard anybody come into the room , but there he was , dressed in white fencing gear , with a sword in one hand and his helmet tucked under his arm.oliver . 
 he looked leaner and harder in the uniform . 
 next to him , also dressed in white , was another figure.amelie . 
 the founder of morganville had never seemed so small before ; the clothes she wore tended to enhance her height , as did the high heels . 
 but like this , claire realized that amelie was n't much taller than she was , and was very slender . 
 in the fencing clothes , she could have passed for a boy , except for the feminine curves of her face . 
 `` you 're coming along , eve , '' amelie said . 
 eve broke off her lunges and stood very straight , sword point down . 
 `` i remember when you first began your lessons . 
 i had to give personal approval for anyone who practiced those types of martial arts . '' 
 `` yeah , well , it 's been a while since i was competitive , '' eve said . 
 `` hey , ollie . '' 
 `` for that , '' oliver said , `` you may step onto the piste . '' 
 `` i did n't come to fight . '' 
 `` you 're dressed for it . 
 what is that -- a foil ? 
 nonsense . 
 you 're more suited to an epee . '' 
 oliver snorted and took another weapon from the wall , which he threw in eve 's direction . 
 she grabbed it out of the air with her left hand . 
 it had a deadlier look to it , claire realized ; more like a triangular blade than the square base of the foil . 
 still had a tip on it , but it looked like a tougher thing to master . 
 eve shrugged and tossed the foil back to oliver , who put it on the rack . 
 `` all right , '' she said , and cut the weapon -- the epee -- through the air with a hissing sound . 
 `` your funeral , dude . '' 
 oliver bared his teeth in a grim smile and put on his helmet . 
 `` i doubt it , '' he said . 
 eve put on her helmet , too , and stepped into the narrow path marked on the floor . 
 claire moved back to stand by amelie , who watched with an intense , focused expression on her pale face . 
 as eve and oliver raised their swords in salute , she nodded and said , `` go . '' 
 it was literally over in seconds . 
 claire was used to the kind of fighting from the movies -- long , clanging duels with lots of moving around and occasional cape swirling . 
 this was fast and incredibly deadly . 
 she did n't even see what happened , only that there was a blur of motion , some metallic clangs that came too fast to register , and suddenly eve was standing there with oliver 's sword tip tenting the fabric of her pirate-skull emblem , right over her heart . 
 `` well , crap , '' eve said , and took a step back . 
 `` no fair using vampy speed . '' 
 `` i 'm not , '' he said . 
 `` i do n't need to . 
 fencing was a survival skill in my day . 
 again ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 eve backed up to the far end of the marked-off strip -- the piste ? 
 -- and settled into a low crouch that somehow did n't look at all awkward . 
 `` go , '' amelie said , and there was another blur of motion . 
 this time , claire made out a couple of things -- one , that eve seemed to lunge for oliver 's chest and then dropped way down , and her point took him in the lunging leg . 
 his slid over her shoulder . 
 eve hit the ground and rolled up to her feet , raising her epee in triumph . 
 `` dude , gotcha ! '' 
 she said . 
 `` mortal wound , right there . 
 femoral artery . 
 you are sodead . '' 
 he did n't respond at all , just walked back to his spot on the other side of the strip . 
 `` seriously ? 
 you ca n't walk away with a tie ? '' 
 eve asked . 
 she 'd pulled off her helmet , and her black eyes were wicked bright . 
 `` ca n't we all just get along ? '' 
 `` fence , '' he barked . 
 `` do n't talk . '' 
 eve popped her helmet back on and took her place on the strip . 
 amelie drew in a breath , and instead of giving the signal , said , `` oliver , perhaps you should let it go . '' 
 his helmeted face turned toward her , as if he could n't believe she 'd said it , and then focused back on eve , who was taking the en garde stance . 
 `` start us , '' he said . 
 `` two out of three . '' 
 `` he does n't like to lose , '' amelie said to claire , and shrugged . 
 `` very well . 
 go ! '' 
 claire focused , and managed to see exactly what happened this time . 
 oliver lunged . 
 eve parried , but he was ready for it , and got his blade back in line by knocking hers out of line . 
 she tried for another thigh wound , but that did n't work this time . 
 oliver slammed the point of his epee into her chest so powerfully , it drove her back a step and made her drop her sword . 
 `` oliver ! '' 
 amelie snapped , and he backed off . 
 eve staggered backward , lost her footing , and fell on her butt . 
 her epee clattered away across the floor as she put both hands to her chest , then reached up to rip her helmet off . 
 her face had gone chalk white , and her eyes were huge . 
 `` ow , '' she said . 
 `` damn . 
 that 's going to leave a mark . '' 
 oliver walked away , circling restlessly , turning his epee around and around in his gloved hand . 
 `` you asked for it , '' he said . 
 `` now get off the piste if you 're going to complain about a bruise . '' 
 eve slowly rolled up to her knees , collected her helmet and sword , and stood up . 
 she did n't seem too steady . 
 `` help her out , '' amelie said . 
 `` make sure she 's not broken a rib . 
 oliver , that was unnecessary . '' 
 `` what wasunnecessary was her gloating , '' he replied . 
 `` i did n't come here to fight children , and she needs to learn the same harsh lesson i did : taunting those who are stronger has consequences . '' 
 `` the stronger have a responsibility to the weaker , '' amelie said . 
 `` as you very well know . '' 
 `` i 've had quite enough responsibility . 
 and i thought we came here to fight , woman . 
 if all you want is to hold philosophical discussions while attractively dressed , surely we can do that elsewhere . '' 
 eve looked better now , with the color coming back to her face -- coming back too fast for claire 's comfort , because there was an angry , frightened glitter in her eyes . 
 `` bully , '' she muttered . 
 oliver took off his helmet and stared at her . 
 he looked as solid as bone , and like someone nobody wanted to mess with . 
 `` i do n't allow people to mock me , '' he said . 
 `` and the next time you presume to call me by a pet name , i 'll do worse than crack a rib for you on the piste . 
 now get out of the way . 
 the adults require space . '' 
 amelie cocked her head to one side , studying him , and said , `` i 'm bored with all these rules . 
 shall we dispense with the conventions , then ? '' 
 `` by all means , '' oliver said , and tossed his helmet into the corner . 
 she put hers safely out of the way . 
 `` weapons ? '' 
 `` i prefer the epee , '' she said . 
 `` two of them . '' 
 `` ah . 
 florentine . 
 that suits me well enough . '' 
 they each took two swords , and as claire and eve retreated back to a bench in the rear of the room , amelie and oliver faced off . 
 amelie crossed her two swords in front of her face , and oliver followed suit ; the sound of four blades cutting the air in salute made claire shiver . 
 `` what are they doing ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` free fighting , '' eve answered , keeping it quiet . 
 `` no rules . 
 more like the old-style duels . '' 
 `` not quite , '' amelie said . 
 she was almostsmiling . 
 `` this likely wo n't end in death . '' 
 `` but no guarantees , '' oliver said . 
 hewas smiling , and not his usual eviler-than-you sort of twisted lips , either . 
 he almost lookedhappy . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 amelie did n't seem to be ; she was holding her swords down , almost not seeming to know what to do with them . 
 oliver took one step toward her , and the weapons snapped up and targeted him so fast , claire blinked . 
 oliver raised one over his head in a pose that made her think of a scorpion 's stinger , and circled to the right . 
 amelie circled , too , keeping the distance between them ... until suddenly she was moving , two light , quick steps , a sudden jump that ended in a sliding lunge , andboth her epees hit targets , one slicing across oliver 's leg , the other under his arm . 
 he whirled and hit her in the back with an underhand stroke -- or tried to . 
 she must have known it was coming , because she bent forward , graceful as a willow , and rolled up on her knee to parry the next lunge . 
 and that was just thestart . 
 `` you know , '' eve said distantly , about five minutes later , as the two vampires were still circling , slashing , hacking , and scoring points on each other , `` i 'm thinking that maybe i should n't ever piss him off . 
 or her . 
 again . '' 
 `` you think ? '' 
 claire whispered back . 
 `` jeez . 
 it 's likethe terminator meetsbuffy . '' 
 `` how do they decide who wins ? 
 i mean , clearly , they 're hitting each other , but they do n't even pretend those are going to hurt ... '' `` i do n't think it matters , '' claire said . 
 she was proven right just thirty seconds later , when amelie reached down and tapped the point of one epee three times on the floor . 
 oliver , moving in for a lunge , veered off at the last second and went to a neutral position . 
 `` done ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` most enjoyable , '' she said . 
 `` thirty-two mortal touches for you ; thirty-one for me . 
 but i do n't mind losing to a master , oliver . '' 
 she bowed slightly , swords down . 
 he bowed back , a little more deeply . 
 `` nor do i , '' he said . 
 `` but winning is always better . 
 you 're favoring your right again , you know . '' 
 `` i noticed . 
 we ca n't all overcome nature 's disadvantages so easily . '' 
 they exchanged a smile , a real one , and claire exchanged a look with eve . 
 eve cleared her throat . 
 `` are you still here ? '' 
 oliver asked without changing his expression . 
 he did n't look away from amelie . 
 `` leave . '' 
 `` right , '' claire said . 
 `` going . '' 
 she picked up eve 's stuff and walked with her to one of the small changing rooms to strip off the sweat-damp uniforms . 
 eve stuffed hers into the bag and stripped off her pink shirt . 
 claire gasped at the forming bruise , which was at least three inches across and looked very painful . 
 `` dammit , '' eve said . 
 `` that 's going to show over my bra . 
 got to rethink the wardrobe for the next few days . '' 
 she probed at the bruise with a fingertip and winced . 
 `` nothing broken , just a nice reminder not to screw around with ollie on the pointy-object dance floor . '' 
 `` i ca n't believe you fought him . '' 
 `` fought him ? 
 damn , girlfriend , i got atouch on him . 
 you know how difficult that is ? 
 i 've been a serious fencer for years , but i never even got close to a touch on anybody without a pulse . 
 he used to duel for real , you know . 
 without the safety tips on the blades . '' 
 claire could believe it . 
 what she could n't get her head around was that eve thought that was cool . 
 four michael was home when they arrived , and surprisingly , he was n't playing guitar . 
 he was sitting on the couch in shane 's customary spot , playing a game . 
 `` hey , '' he said as claire and eve entered . 
 `` nobody made dinner . '' 
 `` nobody but you was home to eat it , '' eve said . 
 `` and i 'm taking a wild guess that you did n't make it , either . '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 he killed a zombie with a chainsaw , and ducked instinctively as another one lunged at him out of the shadows on the screen . 
 `` guess we 're all going to bed hungry , like the bad children we are . '' 
 `` guess not . '' 
 eve winked at claire , who held up a grease-stained bag . 
 `` seriously , you could n't smell the burgers ? 
 is your vampire nose on the fritz , michael ? '' 
 `` i was hoping i was imagining the burgers . '' 
 `` shut up . 
 i got you one made extra rare . 
 with pickles . 
 i know you like pickles . '' 
 michael paused the game and put the controller aside , and as he stood up , the door opened and shane came in . 
 he nodded to michael as he dropped his canvas bag in the hallway , next to eve 's . 
 `` who got burgers ? '' 
 `` see , he can smell the burgers ! '' 
 eve yelled from the kitchen . 
 michael ignored that . 
 `` you guys go to the gym ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' shane said . 
 `` the martial arts guy is pretty hard-core . '' 
 `` i got a bruise ! '' 
 eve shouted . 
 `` big one ! 
 right over my heart ! 
 guess who put it there ? '' 
 michael raised his eyebrows at shane , who held up his hands . 
 `` not me , man . 
 i never touched her . '' 
 `` oliver ! '' 
 eve backed out of the kitchen door , holding plates , balancing them like a pro . 
 `` michael , here 's your almost-cooked one . 
 shane , got you the jalapeno burger . 
 me and claire have plain old boring ones . '' 
 `` we 're branching out into different forms of junk food , '' michael said . 
 `` exciting . '' 
 `` shut up . 
 do you want your juice warmed up ? 
 `` juice , claire figured , was eve 's new code forblood . 
 well , technically , it was juice , claire supposed . 
 people juice . 
 `` i 'll get it , '' michael said . 
 `` thanks . 
 shane , claire -- cokes ? '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 claire yelled , at the same time shane did . 
 he walked over to put his arm around her and bent to kiss her . 
 `` jinx , '' he whispered . 
 `` i like this version of jinxies better than the one i did in grade school , '' she said . 
 he tasted like salt and metal , but it still seemed sexy -- and so did the way his damp t-shirt clung to his shoulders and chest . 
 she 'd never thought sweaty was all that sexy before , but shane ... well . 
 shane rocked it . 
 `` so , what did you do at the gym ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i thought i saw you on the stair machine . '' 
 oops . 
 busted . 
 `` i was on it for a while , '' she said . 
 `` then eve took me to teach me how to fence . '' 
 `` not so much how to fence as how to hold a sword and not drop it , '' eve said . 
 `` and then i fought oliver to a draw . '' 
 shane fluttered his hands . 
 `` oh , and then we were all elected as ice princesses and asked to go to disneyland ! '' 
 he rolled his eyes . 
 `` laugh all you want . 
 i 'm going to lookway better in full skirts than you , '' eve said . 
 `` and besides , i 'm not lying . 
 i got a mortal touch on oliver . 
 ask your girlfriend . '' 
 `` she hit him with her sword , '' claire said , when both michael and shane looked at her . 
 `` i saw it . '' 
 `` and then , to make sure i knew my place , he practically rammed his epee through my heart , but , you know , details . 
 hence the bruise . '' 
 she dragged down the neckline of her shirt to show off the top of it . 
 shane whistled appreciatively -- not at her assets , claire felt sure . 
 the bruise . 
 that was shane , through and through . 
 `` i did n't know fencing was a contact sport , '' he said . 
 `` i thought it was more , you know , a pretend sport . 
 like golf . 
 or competitive eating . '' 
 `` hey , golf is hard . '' 
 eve shrugged . 
 `` anytime you want me to whip your lame ass on eighteen holes , let me know . '' 
 `` i got whipped enough , thanks . '' 
 shane flopped down in his chair and pulled the plate toward him . 
 `` i could eat roadkill , i 'm so hungry . 
 without hot sauce . '' 
 `` well , you 're in luck , because i have no idea what 's really in these burgers , '' eve said . 
 michael came out of the kitchen and put three cold cans of coke on the table , and one sports bottle thatmight have possibly held juice . 
 warm juice . 
 claire was glad it was opaque . 
 `` dinner together . 
 wow . 
 this is an event . '' 
 it was , recently . 
 they 'd all been doing their own thing so much , it had been more like two of them eating together , or maybe three . 
 having all four at the table was great for a change . 
 eve chattered on about work , and how awesome the fencing room -lrb- the salle ? -rrb- 
 was at the new gym . 
 michael put in a few tidbits about what was happening with his music , which was still up in the air after their road trip to dallas to get his demo recorded . 
 it was sounding positive , but michael was all about the caution and pessimism . 
 claire almost blurted out the whole myrnin/frank face-off , but realized that she could n't , because shane was there , and shane still did n't know his father had survived ... at least , in the form of a brain in a jar , hooked up to a computer . 
 shane thought frank was dead , and he was at peace with that , kind of . 
 claire did n't know how he was going to feel about the rest of it , and she could n't stand to hurt him . 
 there was no reason he had to know . 
 or so she kept telling herself , anyway . 
 it was a nice time together , and it felt like home . 
 the laughter made her warm , and the occasional glances and smiles from shane made her tingle all over . 
 after dinner , she and eve did the dishes -lrb- but only because it was their turn -rrb- while michael and shane claimed the couch and loaded up the new game . 
 turned out it was -- no surprise -- another zombie game . 
 blood and guts ensued . 
 claire curled up between them on the couch with a textbook , while eve stretched out on the floor and flipped through a magazine . 
 a normal night . 
 very , very normal . 
 until shane lost the game . 
 `` damn it ! '' 
 he yelled , and threw the controller at the screen . 
 like , reallythrew it . 
 it hit the edge of the frame , instead of the softer lcd part , and pieces of the controller broke off and went everywhere . 
 eve yelped and rolled over , brushing off pieces of plastic . 
 claire flinched . 
 `` jesus , shane , get a grip , '' michael said . 
 `` you lost . 
 bfd , man . 
 it 's not the first time . '' 
 `` shut up , '' shane said . 
 he stood up , grabbed the controller , and glared at it . 
 `` piece of crap . '' 
 `` do n't blame the equipment . 
 itwas working fine before you scrapped it . '' 
 `` how the hell do you know ? 
 were you playing it ? '' 
 `` i know you owe me for a new controller . '' 
 `` screw you , bro . '' 
 shane threw the broken controller atmichael this time . 
 not that it was a risk ; michael calmly reached up and caught it , so smoothly it might have been some kind of special effect . 
 `` maybe you should chill out . '' 
 `` maybe you should stop with the vampire reflexes in game ! '' 
 michael frowned . 
 he did n't usually let shane get to him , but claire could see the anger forming . 
 `` i played you fair . '' 
 `` fair ? '' 
 shane barked out a laugh . 
 `` man , you have no idea what you 're talking about anymore , do you ? 
 you do n't even know when you 're screwing us . '' 
 `` hey ! '' 
 claire said , and stood up between them , as michael got to his feet . 
 the air felt thick and ominous now , the house 's reflection of the feelings of its owners . 
 `` you guys , stop ! 
 it 's just agame ! '' 
 `` no , it ` snot just a game . 
 get the hell out of the way ! '' 
 `` stop ! '' 
 she said sharply , and punched shane in the shoulder . 
 `` jeez . 
 did n't you get enough fighting in for the day ? 
 whatis this ? 
 michael 's right . 
 you do n't get to destroy stuff just because you lost a game . 
 you 're not three years old , shane ! '' 
 his dark eyes focused on her , and she felt a very real , very cold chill go through her . 
 that wasnot the shane she knew . 
 that was theother shane . 
 `` do n't hit me , '' he said . 
 `` i do n't like it . '' 
 claire let her hands drop to her sides and took a deep breath . 
 `` sorry . 
 i should n't have done that . 
 i just wanted to get your attention . '' 
 well , she 'd gotten it , all right . 
 she wished she had n't . 
 but at least it had broken the momentum of whatever was going on between shane and michael . 
 now it was just between her and shane . 
 `` claire , '' michael said . 
 she held out a hand without looking at him , and he fell silent . 
 and she waited for shane to say something . 
 shane i hate losing . 
 i mean , really , a lot . 
 i usually try to cover it up and pretend like i do n't , but there 's something inside me that gets twisted up and desperate . 
 because losing means that you 're at someone else 's mercy , even if it 's just a game . 
 even if it 's not supposed to mean anything . 
 i 'd had too much of that in my life , being in someone else 's power . 
 first my dad 's . 
 then the vampires ' . 
 there was always somebody looming , somebody faster and stronger and crueler than me , and it made me feel like a scared kid inside all the time . 
 i was n't lying . 
 the game controller had flaked out on me . 
 the buttons stuck . 
 it was n't my fault that i lost ; it was the tool 's . 
 i was n't going to lose , not to michael . 
 not anymore . 
 yeah , losing my temper was stupid -- i mean , it was my favorite game controller i 'd busted -- but thinking that it was n't fair , that he 'd cheated , that he 'd used those vampire reflexes to win and did n't deserve it ... it burned me , okay ? 
 burned me bad . 
 and i wanted to kick his ass . 
 maybe it was just that something had gotten loose in the gym , something i usually kept locked down inside some dark cave . 
 i mean , it wasmichael.but just now , staring him down , i was reminded that he was n't actually my friend . 
 not the one i 'd grown up with , the one who 'd had my back , anyway . 
 this was michael 's body , but he was n't the same person inside of that shell . 
 not at all . 
 the girls were upset . 
 claire was trying to talk to me , but i was n't hearing her , not until she smacked me in the shoulder . 
 it felt like a sharp , stabbing blow , although i knew it was n't ; it was just that all my nerves were on fire because i was so hyped , and i probably had a bruise there on top of everything . 
 i said something to her , something that probably was n't very nice , and i felt a particularly nasty impulse race red from my brain to my hand . 
 my fingers clenched into a solid ball of muscle , bone , and power . 
 claire looked up at me , worry and anger on her face , and for the first time , i saw myself reflected in her eyes . 
 i saw what i was doing . 
 i knew that look . 
 that face . 
 i 'd seen it throughout my childhood , when dad came stumbling home from the bar . 
 i 'd seen it heavy-duty industrial strength after alyssa died , twenty-four/seven . 
 oh , god . 
 god . 
 it was like some curtain got snapped back , flooding my insides with light , and i did n't like what i was seeing in myself , not at all . 
 fighting was one thing . 
 but this ... this was something else . 
 it was me becoming what i never wanted to be . 
 ... but deep down ... way deep down , i realized why my dad had been the way he was . 
 it was easy to let go of all those demons , let them roar . 
 and it felt good . 
 that was more frightening than anything else i 'd ever known . 
 claire actually saw something happen inside him , some kind of snap . 
 shane blinked , and then he was totallyshane -- warm , real , and contrite . 
 `` oh , god , i 'm sorry , '' he said , and put his arms around her . 
 `` i did n't mean that . 
 i 'm so sorry . '' 
 she felt his body language shift , and guessed he was looking at michael , even while he was holding her . 
 `` sorry , bro . '' 
 `` yeah , '' michael said . 
 he did n't sound convinced . 
 `` okay . 
 just do n't take it so seriously next time . 
 it 's just a game , man . '' 
 `` i 'll pick up a new controller tomorrow , '' shane said . 
 `` really . 
 sorry . '' 
 claire could tell from his tone that he meant it ; he was n't just saying it . 
 and she guessed michael could tell that , too . 
 `` i guess i just got too much adrenaline going . '' 
 eve , who 'd been lying on the floor , staring up at them , finally got to her feet . 
 `` men , '' she said , and shook her head . 
 `` i am not picking up plastic shards . 
 collins , that 's your job . 
 enjoy . 
 i 'm bouncing . '' 
 `` yeah , but are youleaving ? '' 
 shane asked . 
 it was a weak effort at insult from him , but at least he 'd tried . 
 she gave him a quick smile and flipped him off -- first time that evening -- and headed upstairs . 
 claire caught herself yawning and checked her watch . 
 wow , itwas late . 
 and she had an early start in the morning . 
 she kissed shane 's cheek , and he turned his head and it turned into a much longer , sweeter kiss . 
 which she broke , regretfully , and said , `` i have to get to bed , too . '' 
 he made a low , questioning sound in his throat . 
 she blushed , because michael wasright there . 
 michael pretended to be doing something else , which did n't mean anything . 
 vampire senses . 
 he could probably feel how fast her heart was racing . 
 `` no , '' she whispered , in shane 's ear . 
 `` i 've got to rest . '' 
 `` okay , '' he whispered back , and kissed her neck , just where it made her shiver . 
 he knew it was her favorite spot , and it made her weak in the knees . 
 `` i 'll be good . 
 oh , wait , i 'm always good ... '' `` stop it . '' 
 her voice did n't sound so sure now . 
 `` i need torest . '' 
 he let go of her and stepped back , hands up . 
 `` cool , '' he said . 
 `` go . '' 
 she did , reluctantly -- and when she looked back , shane was picking up shards of broken controller from the carpet , and michael was watching him with a small frown still grooved between his eyebrows , as if he could n't quite figure out what he was seeing . 
 michael looked up at her as she paused on the steps . 
 `` good night , '' he said . 
 she waved . 
 `` no fighting between the two of you , '' she said . 
 `` promise ? '' 
 he crossed his heart and pretended to drive a stake into it , which made her smile and wince at the same time . 
 `` we 'll be okay , '' he said . 
 `` right , shane ? '' 
 shane looked up . 
 `` right , '' he said . 
 but there was something odd in his face when he looked at michael , a kind of wariness that reminded claire of the old days , when michael had first turned vamp . 
 shane had n't trusted him then , not at all . 
 and she was n't sure why he 'd suddenly decide not to trust michael again ... but she was almost sure that 's what she was seeing . 
 it was all very confusing , and she was too tired to process it . 
 but once she got in bed , with the moonlight falling cool over the sheets , she could n't sleep after all . 
 she tossed and turned , watching the black branches scratch at the windows like skeletal hands , and wondered what shane was doing . 
 she 'd half expected him to come knock on her door , but he had n't . 
 finally , she started getting drowsy , and was almost asleep when she had the unmistakable impression that someone was in the room with her , right there , standing beside the bed . 
 she turned over , heart pounding . 
 the moonlight did n't reach that side of the bed , and the room was dark , but she could make out something ... a shadow ... and then the shadow stepped forward , into the light , and it was myrnin.not shane . 
 he looked ... dangerous . 
 his dark hair curled black around his pale face , and his eyes were very wide , very dark . 
 claire opened her mouth to demand to know what the hell he was doinghere , in herbedroom , but she did n't get the chance . 
 his hand flashed out and covered her mouth with cold flesh . 
 she tried to scream , but it came out a muffled buzz , not nearly loud enough to alert anybody . 
 myrnin held a long , slender finger to his lips and bent close . 
 `` so sorry to do this , '' he whispered . 
 `` i realize it 's not appropriate . 
 that 's right , is n't it ? 
 coming to a lady 's boudoir without an invitation is still inappropriate , even in these lax social circles ? '' 
 she nodded emphatically . 
 he did n't let go , probably because he could tell she was going to yell the house down if he did . 
 `` well , so sorry , but this is a bit of an emergency . 
 get dressed . 
 amelie wants to see us . '' 
 oh.well , vampires did n't keep regular people hours , but still.not cool . 
 `` please do n't scream , '' he said . 
 `` it would look so very bad for me , all things considered . '' 
 that , more than anything , made her nod . 
 myrnin 's cold hand moved away , and she pulled in a deep , convulsive breath ... but did n't yell . 
 shedid scoot all the way over in the bed , preparing to eject at a second 's notice . 
 `` you could have called , '' claire said . 
 her voice sounded a little higher than usual . 
 `` i have a phone . '' 
 `` i lost mine , '' he said . 
 claire couldso believe that . 
 `` stupid things . 
 so small . 
 so easy to put in a pocket and forget them when you wash your clothes ... well . 
 it just seemed easier to come over . 
 are you dressed ? '' 
 `` i ca n'tbelieve you 're asking me that . 
 standing in my bedroom in the middle of the night . 
 do n't you think that 's a little creepy ? 
 maybe even perverted ? '' 
 `` ah , excellent point . 
 i 'll just ... wait outside . 
 but hurry . 
 and tell no one . '' 
 claire expected myrnin to head for the bedroom door , but no , of course , that was toonormal , was n't it ? 
 instead , he opened the window , the one that overlooked the backyard , and climbed through . 
 he dropped down with all the ease of someone stepping off a curb , only it was twenty feet down , if not more . 
 claire did n't even bother to look . 
 of course he was okay , and she did n't care if he was n't . 
 howcould he just show up like this while she wassleeping ... . 
 she was fumbling in the dresser for clean underwear when there was a soft knock at the door . 
 `` claire ? 
 you awake ? '' 
 shane . 
 she froze and held her breath . 
 she wanted to open it , fall into his arms , and forget all about myrnin and his weird behavior , but the truth was that myrnin did n't show up for nothing . 
 something was wrong , and he 'd said , tell no one . 
 that included shane , unfortunately . 
 she watched the doorknob , but it did n't turn , and after another quiet knock , she heard his footsteps moving away , toward his room . 
 claire let out her breath , shook her head , and muttered , `` and again , i hate you , myrnin . '' 
 dressed , if not exactly stylish , claire stuck her head out of her bedroom window . 
 as expected , myrnin was pacing there , hands behind his back , head down . 
 he was wearing some kind of neon-bright shirt that was probably a holdover from the eighties , and was back to his shorts and comfortable sandals . 
 these were leather , at least , and looked kind of like something a guy would wear . 
 if pushed . 
 not exactly vampire chic , as pop culture defined it , but myrnin was n't one for fitting in . 
 ever . 
 he looked up at her , black hair falling back from his moon-pale face , and said , `` well ? 
 jump ! '' 
 it was one thing for a vampire . 
 quite another for a breakable , not-too-athletic human . 
 claire shook her head . 
 myrnin sighed , tugged at his hair with both hands as if wanting to pull out his brain by the roots , and then seemed to have a bright idea . 
 he dashed off into the darkness . 
 a moment later , he was back , carrying a ladder -- and not their ladder . 
 he 'd ripped it off from a neighbor , claire guessed . 
 well , it was better than jumping . 
 the climb down was chilly and scary , because myrnin did n't think about bracing the ladder , which bounced and shifted uneasily with every step she took . 
 claire jumped the last couple of rungs , landing flat-footed , and whispered , `` where did this thing come from ? '' 
 `` oh , out there , '' myrnin said , and waved vaguely at the darkness . 
 `` we do n't have time for niceties . 
 keep up , please . '' 
 oh , right . 
 myrnin did n't drive , so there was no car ; that meant walking . 
 in the dark . 
 in vampire city . 
 well , at least she had an escort , although he had longer legs and did n't bother to slow down for her , so she had to almost jog to stay with him . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 she asked , by the time they 'd reached the corner of lot street . 
 the streetlight was out . 
 most of the streetlights in morganville stayed off when you needed them most . 
 `` what 's the emergency ? '' 
 `` i found out who killed your friend . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 she sucked in a deep breath as they crossed the street and took a right , heading for founder 's square in the center of town . 
 `` who ? '' 
 it was a simple question , but she did n't expect a simple answer . 
 myrnin was always being vague when she most needed clarity . 
 so it surprised her when he said , `` do you actually want to know ? '' 
 `` of course i do ! '' 
 `` think carefully before you answer . 
 do you want to know , claire ? '' 
 that sounded ... ominous . 
 and myrnin sounded very , very serious and in control , which was odd , to say the least . 
 `` is there some reason i should n't ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he glanced over at her , and she was unsettled again by the concern in his expression . 
 `` yes , '' he said . 
 `` several that i can think of . '' 
 `` then why drag me out of bed about it ? '' 
 `` not my choice . 
 amelie 's orders . 
 trust me , i objected . 
 i was overruled . '' 
 claire concentrated on walking for a few moments , until the pale glow of the lights from founder 's square warmed the night ahead of them . 
 the houses they passed were silent and dark . 
 apart from a few barking dogs , nobody seemed to notice them . 
 `` tell me , '' she said . 
 `` tell me before we get there . 
 it 's better if i know what i 'm walking into . '' 
 `` i knew you 'd say that . '' 
 she could n't decide whether myrnin approved or sounded resigned about it . 
 `` very well . 
 it 's eve 's brother . 
 jason . '' 
 jason.well ... that did n't shock her quite as much as it probably should have . 
 jason had sat with them at their dinner table . 
 he 'd even kind of saved her life once . 
 but on the other hand , he 'd terrorized her , threatened her , and he 'd actuallyhurt shane . 
 with glee . 
 jason was not a good person , deep down . 
 `` eve 's going to be so upset , '' claire said . 
 she could n't imagine how bad her friend would feel ; eve had been so excited about jason 's supposed turnaround , so supportive of his attempts to make himself better . 
 and now this . 
 it would knock her flat . 
 `` you 're not surprised . '' 
 `` not ... really . 
 i mean , i 'm disappointed more than surprised . 
 i wanted him to be ... better . '' 
 `` ah , claire . '' 
 myrnin shook his head and reached out to give her a quick , fierce , one-armed hug . 
 `` you want us all to be better than we are . 
 that 's charming , and alarming . 
 i 've disappointed you many times . '' 
 `` not like this . '' 
 `` very much like this , '' he said . 
 `` but perhaps not so bloodily . '' 
 `` what 's going to happen to him ? '' 
 myrnin gave her a long , sideways look . 
 she realized that it maybe was n't the most perceptive question she 'd ever asked . 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 `` no , myrnin . 
 he did n't kill a vampire , no matter how it turns out . 
 human violence gets judged and punished by humans . 
 that 's the rule . '' 
 `` amelie makes the rules , dear child . '' 
 they were in a relatively deserted part of town now , heading for founder 's square . 
 normally , claire would n't have liked walking out here in blazing noon sun , not even with an escort , but having a vampire at her side had made her careless . 
 she never saw it coming , not until myrnin suddenly stopped and raised his head , face gone still and unnaturally pale in the silvery moonlight . 
 he usually had a kind of awkwardly angled grace that was almost human , but now he took on that weird vampire stillness that made claire feel so ... clumsy . 
 so vulnerable . 
 except myrnin had n't abruptly gone all fangy on her ; he was focusing on something out in the dark . 
 `` claire , '' he said , in a low , soothing , carefully controlled voice . 
 `` i would like you to take out your mobile phone and call the police , please . 
 do that now . 
 perhaps that emergency number . '' 
 it was so utterly un-myrnin that it scared her into fumbling her phone out of her pocket . 
 `` why ? '' 
 she whispered , as she started punching the three numbers in . 
 `` because it 's an emergency , '' he said , and then somethinghit him , something faster than claire could actually see , and she 'd only just gotten the 911 entered and had n't pressed call , and before myrnin fell , something had her wrist in a crushing grip . 
 she had a confused impression of a stench like the worst body odor in the world , like poor stinky doug times a thousand , and a feverish glitter of eyes , and a face that looked like a skeleton with skin stretched over it ... . . 
 with sharp , sharp , sharp fangs that glittered like knives and were heading straight for her throat . 
 myrnin hit him -- it ? 
 -- with so much force that the two vampires skidded at least fifty feet , rolling and punching and fighting , and claire realized that just standing there like a total idiot might not be the best survival strategy . 
 she felt numb and stupid with shock , but she saw the glowing blue screen of her phone in the grass , scrambled for it , and hit the call button . 
 she looked around wildly , trying to get her bearings ; it all seemed dark and murky and strange , but she saw the street sign in the faint gleam of the underpowered streetlight at the corner . 
 she was only two blocks from founder 's square . 
 claire ran , holding the phone to her ear . 
 her heart was beating so fast it felt like a sledgehammer hitting her chest . 
 the sidewalk was dark , very dark , but she did n't worry about cracks or uneven pavement or anything else but running as fast as she possibly could , heading for the somewhat questionable safety of even more vampires , and , god , she could n't believe she was runningto the vampires , but that thing , that thing was n't -- `` nine-one-one . 
 what is your emergency ? '' 
 she did n't have any breath , she realized . 
 claire gasped out something about where she was and was about to try to explain what the hell had just happened , when she tripped and the phone went flying as she lost her balance and momentum carried her forward into what was going to be a bone-snapping impact with the pavement . 
 she got her hands in front of her , but it was n't the pavement she hit . 
 it was myrnin , who caught her , gave her a look she could n't read at all , and grabbed her fallen phone when she pointed numbly at it . 
 he had blood on his face and long , animal scratches that were healing slowly . 
 his clothes were ripped and shredded , too . 
 without another word , he scooped her up in his arms and ran for founder 's square . 
 it did n't take long -- thirty seconds , maybe -- but claire used the time to get her head back together and try to slow down her flailing heartbeat.you 're not going to die . 
 calm down . 
 she ran it through her head again . 
 myrnin 's alarm . 
 the glimpse of that skeletonized face . 
 the smell of death . 
 that had been a starving , savage vampire , and in morganville , that should n't be happening . 
 vampires had ready access to the blood bank , if nothing else . 
 if they were lawbreakers , they had plenty of easy targets . 
 how did one get that skeletal , that savage ? 
 and why attackmyrnin first , before going for her ? 
 she 'd had the feeling it had come for her only because she was calling for help . 
 it did n't make sense . 
 `` something 's going on , '' she said as they turned the corner and she saw founder 's square dead ahead . 
 `` put me down . '' 
 `` i 'm fine , '' myrnin said , and stopped to let her slip down to a standing position . 
 `` thanks for asking , claire . 
 considering i subjected myself to unimaginable danger to protect the contents of your veins and your immortal soul , one might imagine you to be able to ask . '' 
 he was trying to be the old , casual myrnin , but he was rattled , badly rattled . 
 claire found herself clutching her phone like a life preserver as she stepped away from him , and also realized that the police were still on the other end of the line , asking questions . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` police ? 
 you need to send a patrol car to -- '' myrnin took the phone away from her with a casual swipe of his hand and said , `` never mind . 
 everything 's fine now , no problem at all . 
 thank you for protecting and serving . 
 please do n't mind her at all . '' 
 and hung up . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 claire lunged for the phone . 
 he held it up out of her reach . 
 `` if you send human police after him , they 'll be handy snacks , '' he said . 
 `` and they will also die , if they 're lucky . 
 come on . '' 
 he grabbed her wrist and dragged her along at a quick-march pace . 
 he was using a little bit more force than he should have , and claire tried not to wince . 
 she 'd already been grabbed way too much at that particular collection of bones . 
 `` what just happened ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` and do n't tell me it was just a random vamp attack . '' 
 `` it was n't , '' he said . 
 `` and we 'll talk when we 're there . 
 not before . '' 
 they were coming up on the guard checkpoint now , and the uniformed policeman stepped out to give them a once-over . 
 he nodded and waved them on . 
 myrnin did n't even slow down , so neither did claire . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 `` to talk to jason , obviously . '' 
 `` what ? 
 but -- '' `` i believe it 's connected . 
 jason is a pawn on the board , and we need to confirm just whose pawn he is . 
 it 's thought that you might be able to extract that information from him . '' 
 `` wait -- you ... you want me tointerrogate him ? '' 
 `` talk to him . 
 you established a rapport with him before ; he may say things to you he would not to vampires . 
 as a fellow human , you 're already advantaged . '' 
 `` advantaged ? '' 
 `` let 's just say that he 's developed a deep distrust of vampire kind . '' 
 `` what the hell did you do to him ? '' 
 myrnin did n't look at her . 
 now they were walking down a wide sidewalk , spacious , framed by tall dark trees on both sides . 
 pretty in daylight . 
 a prime ambush place in the dark . 
 but there were vampires out strolling in the moonlight , living their lives in an entirely weird and alien sort of way from what she knew . 
 here , that awful skeletal thing would n't attack . 
 it would n't dare . 
 she suddenly , badly , wanted to be back home . 
 `` myrnin ? 
 whatwas that ? '' 
 five being in a vampire stronghold , essentially alone , was horribly unnerving ... especially since claire realized that she 'd sneaked out a window , and nobody , not even shane , knew where she was . 
 that had n't been the best plan ever , probably.note to self : in the future , leave an i-know-who-killed-me message . 
 morbid , but practical , at least in her social circles . 
 this was n't the clean , sterile confines of the building where amelie had her offices -- although that was funeral-home creepy -- but a different building , a windowless structure that did n't have the chilly elegance of marble and thick carpeting . 
 it was more ... functional . 
 bare walls . 
 harsh lights . 
 plain floors . 
 and it smelled like disinfectant , which was very frightening . 
 there was a plain wooden desk in the entry hall , and a vampire claire recognized -- one who 'd originally had dark skin , but vampire life had lightened it to an unsettling ashen gray . 
 he was blind in one eye , and when he saw her , he smiled , all teeth . 
 she 'd first met him in the library at texas prairie university , and he 'd tried to kill her . 
 not a very nice vampire at all , in her experience . 
 `` it 's the apprentice vampire hunter , '' he said . 
 `` good . 
 i was getting hungry . 
 thanks for bringing me lunch . '' 
 `` she 's with me , john , '' myrnin said , and waggled his finger . 
 `` no snacking . 
 and , besides , you 'd have to ask amelie 's permission first . 
 which you would n't get , you know . 
 you 're on probation for your last , ah , incident concerning a morganville resident with a pulse . '' 
 the vampire shrugged and looked disappointed . 
 `` fine . 
 what do you want ? '' 
 `` none of your business , john . 
 just do your job and be quiet , '' myrnin said , and pulled her along . 
 `` this way . '' 
 they passed through avery thick steel door , one that slammed shut with a finality that made claire shiver , and then through a series of barred gates that looked thick enough to discourage even vampires . 
 some were warped . 
 some even had fingerprints pressed into the metal where vamps had tried to bend it . 
 unsuccessfully , it looked like . 
 they all locked behind her , cutting off any possibility of retreat . 
 yeah , that note she did n't leave was looking more important all the time . 
 claire furtively eased her cell phone from her pants pocket and checked the reception . 
 zero bars . 
 of course . 
 she could n't even text for help . 
 myrnin glanced back at her as they walked down the long , featureless hallway . 
 well , featureless was wrong -- it was meant to be featureless , but , in fact , it had all kinds of scratches , gouges , and chunks torn out of it . 
 probably by people and vampires struggling to get free . 
 definitely not design features , because one of the gouges held a spark of red that , as claire looked closer , became a torn-off , red-painted fingernail tip . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 he asked her . 
 she nodded , determined not to show him how unnerved she felt . 
 `` it 's just down here . '' 
 he paused in front of just another doorway , one without a knob . 
 it had a keypad next to it , and myrnin entered some numbers and pressed his thumb to a glass plate . 
 the door popped open with a hiss of air , as if it had been pressurized inside . 
 no sound at all , other than that . 
 myrnin swung it open and stepped inside first -- in case , claire guessed , jason was waiting with some blunt object , or , knowing jason , a sharp one . 
 but he need n't have bothered , because jason was sitting braced against the wall , knees up , on the small , narrow prison bed . 
 he was dressed in glaring white hospital scrubs , stenciled with the word prisoner on the front and , she supposed , the back . 
 he looked up at them , expressionless . 
 beneath the tangled mop of dark hair , his face was still and set , his eyes as blank as stones . 
 `` hey , jason , '' claire said . 
 she sounded nervous . 
 well , she was . 
 `` is it okay if i sit down ? '' 
 the only place to sit was on the bed . 
 jason did n't say yes , but he did n't say no , either , so she sank down on the end farthest from him . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 it was just a very , very small movement of his shoulders , hardly anything at all . 
 his dead-looking eyes moved quickly toward myrnin , then back to her . 
 jason was dangerous ; she knew that . 
 she 's seen him hurt shane ; she 'd seen him do worse than that , too.if i get up and leave , nobody would blame me , she thought.not even eve . 
 but the thought of eve , crying and miserable , made claire find the last , fraying threads of resolve and hang on tight . 
 she looked at myrnin , who was standing in the corner , near the door . 
 `` would you mind waiting out there ? '' 
 she asked him . 
 `` outside of this room . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` you 're quite certain . '' 
 she was n't , but she nodded , anyway.it 's a sad day when myrnin is the safe choice , she thought . 
 apparently , he thought so , too , because he gave her a long , troubled look before pressing his thumb to a glass plate inside the room and opening the door . 
 after it had closed behind him , claire looked back at jason . 
 `` better ? '' 
 for a second , she thought she saw a ghost of a bitter little smile , but it was gone before she could be sure . 
 `` you think they 're not watching ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i 'm pretty sure they are . 
 sorry . '' 
 he shrugged again . 
 `` does n't matter . 
 why are you here ? '' 
 `` myrnin brought me . '' 
 `` he thought i 'd talk to you . '' 
 `` yeah , i guess . '' 
 jason slowly shook his head . 
 `` got nothing to say . '' 
 `` jason -- this is serious . 
 this is n't just something that 's going to land you in jail for a while . 
 this ismurder . 
 intexas . 
 they do n't fool around in this state , never mind in this town . '' 
 this time , she did n't even get a shrug . 
 just a blank stare . 
 `` they want to know who put you up to it . 
 who hired you to steal the blood back from doug ? '' 
 `` who 's doug ? '' 
 `` the guy you killed , '' she said , staring him straight in the eyes . 
 `` my friend . '' 
 that made him flinch , just a little . 
 barely a shiver , but there . 
 `` sorry , '' he said . 
 he did n't sound particularly sorry , though . 
 `` you 've got the wrong guy . 
 did n't do it . '' 
 `` they 're pretty sure you did . '' 
 `` they 're always sure , but that does n't mean they know . 
 you think they care who actually did it ? 
 their idea of justice is to haul in the usual dickheads and throw somebody to the wolves . 
 does n't matter who it is . '' 
 `` you 're saying you 're not guilty . '' 
 `` i 'm the usual dickhead . 
 claire , you do n't understand.it does n't matter . 
 i 'm the one who 's going down for it . '' 
 he shrugged again . 
 `` whatever . '' 
 `` whatever?jason , it ` smurder ! 
 i know you 're ... not perfect -- '' he laughed . 
 it was a dry , papery sound , no amusement behind it at all . '' 
 -- but i know you 've never killed anyone . '' 
 `` oh yeah ? 
 you know that . 
 you 're sure . '' 
 well ... maybesure was n't the right word . 
 `` i 'm sure you 'd tell me if you did it . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because you 're not afraid , '' she said . 
 `` you 're not afraid to freak me out . 
 you ` drather freak me out . 
 but you wo n't lie about it . '' 
 `` oh , i lie . '' 
 `` i know . 
 but you do n't lie to me . 
 not anymore . '' 
 she leaned forward . 
 the smell of the cell -- industrial cleaners , sweat , fear -- made her throat ache , or maybe that was just her general tension . 
 `` not since you tried to save my life . '' 
 he looked away , and that was a victory , claire thought . 
 they 'd never talked about it , never had the chance , but here , he was a captive audience . 
 `` you knew i was going to die down there in the tunnels . 
 and you went to get the cops , even though you knew it would get you arrested . 
 you tried to save my life when you could have just run . '' 
 `` idid n't save your life , though . 
 they did n't believe me . 
 so all i got for it was jail . 
 no good deed goes unpunished , right ? '' 
 `` it still means something to me that you tried . 
 that 's why you 'll tell me the truth , jason . 
 you care enough about what i think that you 'll try again . '' 
 he gave her a look , one she could n't interpret . 
 `` you think a lot of yourself . '' 
 `` no , '' claire said softly . 
 `` not really . 
 i think you know that , too . '' 
 silence . 
 she thought that it was going to go on forever , that she 'd have to get up and leave him here to whatever would happen next , but then jason said , `` i did n't kill him . 
 but i know what happened . '' 
 progress . 
 `` okay . 
 so , what happened ? '' 
 `` all i did was get the killer into the dorm and show him where to find the guy . 
 your friend . 
 doug . '' 
 `` getwho into the dorm ? '' 
 his answer caught her by surprise , but suddenly , the overwhelming vampire response in the middle of the night all made sense , because he said , `` i did n't know who he was at first . 
 i mean , he was filthy and skinny and all kinds of crazy . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` that old guy , the one who gave amelie so much trouble . 
 mr. bishop . '' 
 bishop is out.and he was starving . 
 and he was massively pissed off . 
 and , claire realized with an icy , horrible , sickening shock , she had just seen him out on the street , going after myrnin.that was why he 'd seemed familiar . 
 the terrifying night stalker out therewas the boogeyman . 
 no wonder the vampires were panicking . 
 once he started talking , jason had a lot to say . 
 he 'd been approached by a guy he knew , somebody on the not-so-legal side of morganville society , who paid him cash to find out details about a tpu student ... doug . 
 jason delivered the info , but then was told that to get the rest of his money , he 'd have to escort a visitor to doug 's dorm room . 
 that sounded simple enough , until jason arrived at the tunnel where he 'd been told to meet his contact , and discovered that it was n't just any old vamp waiting for him -- it was bishop . 
 amelie 's vampire father . 
 and the meanest , coldest vampire claire had ever met . 
 he made that creepy bald guy from the old movienosferatu look sweet -- and a little handsome , even . 
 there was something so icy and wrong about bishop that it made her shiver to remember him ... and she 'd thought , honestly , that he 'd been executed . 
 turns out that if he had , that had n't gone as planned , either . 
 `` i did n't know it would happen , '' jason said , looking down . 
 he 'd put his arms around his knees and drew them in , and he looked thinner and younger than claire in that moment . 
 a scared little boy . 
 `` i was standing there when doug opened the door , and bishop just -- waved his hand . 
 or that 's what it looked like . 
 next thing i know , doug is on his back , on the bed , throat cut , and he 's bleeding out . 
 bishop takes something out of his backpack and he says , did you think you could threaten me ? 
 and i book the hell out of there . 
 i did n't care who saw me . 
 i just cared about getting away before he decided to get rid of the loose ends . 
 the look on his face -- i thought he might kill everybody in the whole dorm . '' 
 jason swallowed . 
 `` he was having fun . 
 and he was starving . '' 
 claire thought about the two students on the floor conducting their stereo wars , not even aware of death passing by . 
 lucky . 
 so lucky . 
 `` what did he take ? '' 
 `` search me . 
 looked like a vial of something , and some papers . 
 but it 's not like iwanted to know . 
 i was mostly just getting the hell out . 
 believe me , i wished i had n't seen anything and did n't know anything . '' 
 jason rested his forehead against his knees . 
 `` i do n't know where bishop is . 
 i do n't know what he 's doing . 
 and , trust me , i do n't work for him . 
 it was just supposed to be an introduction , a friend-of-a-friend kind of a thing . 
 i figured he was scoring drugs or something . 
 once i realized who he was , i should have just gotten the hell out , but i was too scared to run . 
 i knew if i did n't get him where he wanted to go , he 'd -- '' claire could only imagine what bishop would have done if disappointed , and it was n't good , that was certain . 
 `` it 's not your fault , '' she said . 
 `` you did n't have a choice . '' 
 jason was lucky to be alive at all . 
 `` and i do n't have a choicenow , either , '' he said . 
 `` claire , if they think they can torture some info out of me about where bishop 's new hideout is , they ca n't . 
 i 'd give it up if i had it , in a heartbeat , because , damn , does that thing scare me . 
 but i just do n'tknow anything . '' 
 she believed him . 
 she glanced up , looking for the cameras , and found a tiny glass eye in the far corner of the ceiling . 
 she stared up at it for a few seconds , wondering who was watching this . 
 amelie , almost certainly . 
 and probably myrnin , if he was n't still lurking on the other side of the door . 
 `` i 'm going to try to get you out of here , jason , '' she said . 
 `` i do n't know if i can do anything for you with the police , though . '' 
 he shrugged , falling into that silence again . 
 his eyes still looked dead , but now she realized that it was n't indifference . 
 it was fear . 
 she got up and walked toward the door , waiting . 
 the lock disengaged and the door popped open . 
 `` claire ? '' 
 jason said suddenly . 
 she looked back . 
 `` if i do n't see you again , thanks for trying . 
 nobody ever tried before . 
 not even eve . 
 i mean , she 's my sister and i love her , but ... i think she always knew i was a lost cause . '' 
 that was the saddest thing she 'd ever heard . 
 claire tried for a smile , but she did n't think it was authentic . 
 and jason did n't smile back . 
 `` you 'll see me again , '' she said . 
 `` i promise . '' 
 she hoped she was n't lying , as the door clicked shut behind her and locked with a thick , chunky sound of metal . 
 the hallway was deserted , both directions , just straight lines and scratches on the walls and a sense of despair as thick as the white paint . 
 and then the vampire from the front desk -- john , the one who 'd called her the apprentice vampire hunter -- appeared in the corridor . 
 claire stopped dead in her tracks , tense and ready for anything . 
 he stared at her for a second , then beckoned . 
 she stayed where she was . 
 `` suit yourself , '' he said . 
 `` i was told to get you out . 
 you want to stay , i can make that happen , girl . 
 i got plenty of open cells . '' 
 `` i 'm waiting for myrnin . '' 
 `` you 'll be waiting a while , '' he said . 
 `` he 's up with the boss lady . 
 you come with me or get in a cell . 
 your choice . '' 
 if amelie was watching the closed-circuit feeds , she 'd see claire in the hallway and witness whatever might happen . 
 hopefully john knew that , too . 
 that , and only that , made claire nod and move toward the other vampire . 
 he did n't touch her . 
 he opened and closed gates , and finally they were in the last section , barred at one end , thick steel door at the other . 
 and , claire realized , there were no cameras right in this particular section . 
 oh , god . 
 john stopped and turned toward her . 
 `` i do n't forget what you did , '' he said . 
 he tapped the skin below his clouded , blind eye , eerily silver . 
 `` this is on you . 
 you hurt me so bad , it 's never going to heal . '' 
 well , she 'd done this to herself , trapped with a vamp whoreally did n't like her , knowing she was responsible for his current not-so-great looks . 
 `` you were trying to kill me when i did that , '' she said . 
 `` so it 's on you . 
 if it helps , it makes you look way scarier than before . '' 
 he bared fangs , and the look on his face made her feel painfully aware of the blood running under her skin and the terror that seemed to be growing spikes in her stomach . 
 `` you want to say that again ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` how it was my fault you threw liquid nitrogen in my face ? '' 
 `` maybe it 's shared responsibility , '' she said . 
 `` but that 's as far as i 'm willing to go . 
 now open the door . '' 
 `` once i 'm done , '' he said . 
 `` eye for an eye . 
 that 's what the bible says . '' 
 `` i 'm thinking you do n't live by the commandments too much . '' 
 `` oh , i do . 
 i pay special attention to the parts i agree with , same as everybody else . 
 now , if you stand still , it wo n't take long . '' 
 he grinned evilly . 
 `` not saying it wo n't hurt , of course . 
 what 'd be the point if it did n't hurt ? '' 
 she took a giant step back . 
 useless . 
 close quarters , no place to run , no weapons . 
 hand to hand with a much bigger , stronger , vampire-type dude , she had zero chance , and she knew it . 
 but she was n't going to beg . 
 even if the screaming voice in her head wanted her to . 
 should have left that i-know-who-killed-me note . 
 and then the door next to her popped open with a harsh buzzing sound . 
 she did n't hesitate . 
 as the vampire lunged for her , she shoved the door open and ran out into the lobby , dodging the wooden desk . 
 the angry vamp came after her and skidded to a fast stop when he saw who was standing there in his path . 
 amelie . 
 she was n't a tall woman , but shelooked tall in her carefully tailored silk jacket and skirt and heels , with her pale hair piled on top of her head in a crown . 
 the silk clothes were one shade paler than her skin , giving her a sleek , marble look that was enhanced by the stillness of her body . 
 `` i also believe in an eye for an eye , john , '' she said . 
 `` quite strongly , in fact . 
 it 's one of my founding principles . 
 you 'd do well to remember that . '' 
 john gave claire a fast , furious look , and bowed his head . 
 `` yes , ma'am . 
 i will . '' 
 `` i believe i employ you for a specific job , john . 
 guarding a very valuable , and possibly very dangerous , prisoner . '' 
 `` you do , ma'am . '' 
 `` then perhaps it might be good for you to return to it and stop indulging your own petty little grudges . '' 
 he silently crossed to the desk and sat down behind it . 
 claire let out a trembling breath . 
 she would have saidthank you , but she did n't think amelie wanted to hear that , not now . 
 `` you did me good service , claire , '' amelie said , turning to face her . 
 `` and now i need your word that you will forget what you heard here tonight . '' 
 `` you mean about -- '' `` i meanforget , '' the vampire queen of morganville said , and the force of her personality hit claire like a wall of cold water . 
 `` i ca n't compel you , but ican assure you that if you share the information you heard here , i will know . 
 and we 've already established how i view betrayals , i believe . '' 
 this was n't amelie , the one who 'd sometimes unbent enough tosmile ... no , this was queen amelie , the founder of morganville , who never smiled . 
 the daughter of bishop . 
 the one who 'd survived ages and every enemy thrown at her through all those dangerous years . 
 and claire never doubted for a second that she meant what she said . 
 `` i wo n't say anything , '' she said . 
 `` but i need help getting home . '' 
 `` you 'll have it . 
 myrnin ! '' 
 amelie 's voice was sharp , brittle , and impatient . 
 `` out here . 
 now . '' 
 a section of the wall opened -- one that claire would never have guessed for a door -- and myrnin leaned out , eyebrows raised . 
 `` then we 're finished here ? '' 
 `` for now , '' amelie said . 
 `` take her home . 
 and -- '' `` say nothing -- yes , yes , i heard you the first seven hundred times , '' myrnin said , much too sharply . 
 `` i 'm ancient . 
 i 'm notdeaf . '' 
 amelie 's cold expression deepened , and her gray eyes took on an unpleasant reddish glitter . 
 `` do you think i find this a joking matter ? '' 
 `` maybe you should , '' he said . 
 `` and maybe you should have cut off the old man 's head when you had the chance . 
 absolutely no one would have argued with that choice . 
 merely walling him up , to increase his suffering and create an example -- that was unmerciful , and , worse , it was sloppy . 
 i believe that flapping sound you hear is pigeons , coming home to roost . '' 
 if amelie had looked any colder , claire would have expected frost to form on the floor around her . 
 `` really ? 
 because i believe it 's the sound of my patience with your nonsense running out.old friend . 
 do remember your limits . '' 
 he crossed the room in a flash , standing toe-to-toe with her . 
 he was taller than she was , and gangly , and raggedly just the opposite of her elegance ... but there was something about him , something that made claire catch her breath and hold it . 
 `` i am your friend , '' he said quietly . 
 `` i 've always been your friend , dear one . 
 but on the subject of your father , you 've never been very rational . 
 do n't let him drive you . 
 do n't play with him ; he 'll always be crueler than you.kill him when you find him . 
 i 'd have killed him for you just now , if i 'd been able . 
 but he 's fast and strong , and i could n't afford to let him bite me . 
 he can assemble an army frighteningly fast . 
 you have to find him , and when you do , you must execute him . 
 immediately . '' 
 for a second , claire thought that he 'd reached her -- that she was listening to the quiet pain in his voice . 
 but then her pale , strong hand closed around myrnin 's throat andsqueezed . 
 spots of blood formed where her fingernails dug in . 
 with a single jerk , she pulled him off balance and sent him crashing to his knees and held him there . 
 he did n't try to struggle . 
 claire was n't sure he could ; there was a thick , cold wave of menace coming from amelie that froze claire where she stood . 
 amelie bent toward him very slowly and said , `` my hateful father never had a better student than me , myrnin . 
 and iwill kill him , but i 'll do it in my own time . 
 do n't tell me what to do , or i might find it necessary to remind you thati am the founder of morganville . 
 notyou . '' 
 `` i never forget , '' myrnin said in a choked whisper . 
 `` certainly not with your nails in my throat . 
 they 're quite an excellent mnemonic device . '' 
 she blinked and let him go . 
 as she stepped away , she frowned down at her bloodstained fingernails . 
 myrnin rose to his feet in a smooth , effortless motion , and whipped a black handkerchief out of the pocket of his shorts . 
 she took it without a word , wiped away the blood , and gave it back . 
 he cleaned the red from his neck . 
 the wounds had already closed . 
 `` that 's the second time i 've spilled my blood for you tonight , '' he said . 
 `` i believe i 've made my point , and you 've made yours , most graphically . 
 so i 'll be taking my leave . 
 oh , and claire . 
 i 'll be taking claire . '' 
 amelie nodded . 
 there was a slight groove between her eyebrows -- the ghost of a frown . 
 as myrnin and claire -- who 'd finally dared to breathe again -- headed for the outer door , amelie said , `` you 're right . 
 my father 's escape has ... unsettled me . '' 
 `` could n't tell , '' myrnin said . 
 `` my advice is sound . 
 do n't punish him . 
 do n't make an example of him . 
 when you find him , kill him quickly and quietly . 
 it 's the only peace you can hope for . 
 you ca n't afford to allow him to become a power in this town again . 
 someone is working with him , helping him , or you 'd have him by now . 
 he would n't dare to be out there , hunting . 
 this is going to go bad , quickly.act . '' 
 she nodded slightly , still frowning . 
 and myrnin grabbed claire 's arm and propelled her fast , outside , down the steps , and into the dark . 
 this time , he ordered one of amelie 's cars . 
 armored . 
 six the ladder was still in place when she got home . 
 myrnin , in typical myrnin fashion , delivered her to the base of the ladder , and by the time she 'd climbed three steps and looked back , he was gone . 
 of course . 
 she pulled herself up the rest of the way , carefully , trying not to notice how the ladder shivered and rocked around as she shifted her weight . 
 achieving the open window was a massive relief , and she wriggled through and landed with an unbalancedthump on the floor . 
 it was still dark outside , but not for too much longer -- another hour and a half , max , from her glance at the glowing digital clock on the bedside table . 
 god , this wasterrible . 
 just when she 'd thought things in morganville might be stabilizing , just a little bit ... now bishop was on the loose again . 
 he 'd come so frighteningly close to bringing it all down once ; he considered amelie and everyone in town his rightful property . 
 his playthings . 
 what he 'd do this time now that he was actuallyangry ... ... myrnin was right . 
 claire was n't one to yell for anybody to die , but for bishop , she 'd make an exception . 
 he needed killing , quickly . 
 why was he still here ? 
 why had n't he blown out of morganville first thing ? 
 revenge . 
 he was the kind who lived for it . 
 and what had jason said that bishop had said to stinky doug?did you think you could threaten me ? 
 how could a mere human ever hope to threaten bishop enough to draw his full , personal attention , in broad daylight , in a public place ? 
 doug had something . 
 the blood -- sure , that was bad enough , but he 'd had other things . 
 papers . 
 bishop had taken them . 
 doug had been blackmailingbishop . 
 not only bishop , though -- because bishop could n't be out on his own . 
 he 'd have been caught already . 
 claire sank down on the bed , rested her head in her hands for a moment , and then began to untie her shoes . 
 then she heard something . 
 voices . 
 low voices , coming from down the hall . 
 michael , probably , talking to shane or eve ... but it did n't sound right , somehow . 
 she took off her shoes and walked to the door in her socks . 
 it was n't locked ; she hardly ever locked it . 
 the knob was cold in her hand but turned easily , and she pulled back until there was a narrow crack of light coming through from the hallway , and she could see ... . 
 nothing . 
 no sign of anybody in the hallway . 
 she opened the door wider , slowly , and edged out.this is stupid . 
 it 's my own house . 
 i should be able to just walk right down there ... . . 
 except it did n't feel that way . 
 it was , she realized , the house itself . 
 the glass house had always been a little bit alive , and just now it felt ... anxious . 
 worried , maybe . 
 and that was making her move quietly and cautiously . 
 the voices were muffled , but they were coming from down the hall . 
 from shane 's room . 
 maybe he 's watching tv.but he did n't usually watch tv . 
 she supposed he could have turned it on and fallen asleep , but ... no , she was almost sure that one of those voices was shane 's . 
 and the other one was a girl 's . 
 and then the girllaughed . 
 and it was n't a friendly laugh ; it was a low-in-the-throat , teasing laugh , a flirting laugh . 
 oh , hell , no , that was n't going to happen . 
 seeing red , claire gritted her teeth and grabbed the handle of the door , staring at the rusted metal of the trespassers will be shot sign that shane had nailed up on his door . 
 she was not going to take this lying down . 
 or at all . 
 shane i could n't sleep after michael and the broken controller and claire . 
 i felt restless and weird and wired , like i 'd drunk about fifteen cups of coffee and chased it with red bull . 
 not a good feeling . 
 i tried the headphones , but blasting speed metal through my skull did n't help , either . 
 i had a heavy bag in the basement , and i could have gone down there to work off some frustration , but it seemed like the wrong thing . 
 just ... wrong . 
 finally , i got up and prowled the house . 
 michael was still up , strumming his guitar downstairs . 
 that was usually cool -- i liked his music , always had -- but tonight i just wanted him to shut up . 
 i did n't want to be reminded of him , of having a vampire living a few feet away and pretending to pass for human . 
 it had n't bothered me so much recently , but now all that discomfort was back with a vengeance . 
 i thought i heard whispers coming from claire 's room , but they were faint and my ears were still buzzing from the headphones . 
 i thought about her , and the next thing i knew i wanted ... well , i 'm a guy . 
 you know what i wanted . 
 if she was awake , maybe she felt the same way . 
 maybe being so close together would make both of us feel less ... trapped . 
 i knocked , the quiet way i always had , and maybe i had imagined it , because there was n't any sound at all , nothing.she 's asleep , i told myself . 
 chill out . 
 go take a cold shower.or i could work my sore fists against the heavy bag ; that would do the same thing -- wear me out , drain the adrenaline out of my overactive body . 
 instead , i went back to roaming the house . 
 i do n't know when exactly i noticed the ladder ; about two hours later , probably . 
 i had wandered down to the kitchen to fix myself a sandwich . 
 michael had bagged his rehearsal and gone upstairs to bed , so i had the darkness and shadows to myself . 
 i thought about practicing for the rematch ondead rising , but even that did n't have any appeal . 
 as i passed the window at the back , i saw a glint of silver outside where it should n't have been . 
 i backed up , and , dammit , there was a ladder leaning up against the side of the house . 
 a big silver ladder that did n't belong to us . 
 i stared at it for a few seconds , then realized that it was leading up to claire 's window , and my stomach went cold and twisted and i ran up the stairs , three at a time , down the hall , and threw open her door , ready to attack whatever was in the room with her , ready to kill or die , and ... . 
 ... and she was n't there . 
 nobody was there . 
 her bed was rumpled , but when i touched the mattress it was cold . 
 she 'd been gone a while . 
 ladder . 
 open window . 
 i tried to imagine claire being abducted without making a sound , and i just could n't . 
 she 'd have found a way to fall off the ladder , if nothing else , or bang it against the house . 
 it had all happened so quietly that she had to have done it herself , on purpose . 
 she 'd left , and she 'd gone without even telling me . 
 probably with some vamp , i thought ; she trusted them way too much . 
 she just did n't have that instinct that morganville natives had growing up , to mistrust everybody , always . 
 if it was that ass hat myrnin who 'd lured her away in the middle of the night , i was going to have to hurt him . 
 bad enough he acted like he owned her when she was at his lab , but hell if he got to come here , to our house , and haul my girl away in the thick of darkness , for who knew what insane reason . 
 she did n't see him that way , but myrnin was still a guy . 
 an old , lonely guy . 
 i 'd seen him looking at her , and maybe it was just fondness , and maybe it was something else -- truthfully , from time to time i 've wondered about that , and him and her . 
 it sometimes made me want to wrap my hands around his neck , but i had n't . 
 yet . 
 i did n't believe claire had any idea myrnin felt anything for her at all . 
 for claire 's sake , i 'd hidden a lot of what i felt about her boss , but lately it had come leaking out a little . 
 and myrnin did n't like me much , either -- i 'd seen it in his eyes , especially when he 'd found us together in his lab . 
 myrnin was territorial ; so was i. claire would n't like that , but it was a cold fact . 
 and if myrnin had taken her somewhere , from my territory ... if he did anything to her ... well . 
 i was going to spill some crazy vamp blood . 
 maybe a lot of it . 
 i sat in the dark and stared at that ladder for a long , long time before i went back to my room , stuck the headphones back on , turned on the tv to some brainless flickering channel , and zoned out , because there was nothing else to do right now . 
 when i opened my eyes again , there was a dream girl sitting on my bed . 
 i knew it was a dream because i felt no sense of alarm at seeing her ; it was like she was supposed to be there , so there was no reason to get scared or think it was weird . 
 she was beautiful , too , in a whole different way from claire : long blond hair that rippled in thick waves around her heart-shaped face , all the way down her back . 
 small , but with a lot of personality ; her smile was like morning sunrise , and she had eyes the color of summer skies . 
 and , yeah , okay , i checked her out . 
 she was worth checking -- curves , nice ones , in all the right places . 
 not fashion-model skinny , but real-girl sexy . 
 it occurred to me after a few seconds of admiring all that lushness that i should n't be feeling quite this attracted to a vampire . 
 because she was a vamp , of course . 
 one hundred percent . 
 you 'd think that if i 'd wanted to put a couple of vamps through the wall earlier , including my own best friend , i 'd have felt the same way about her , but ... i did n't . 
 i liked her . 
 just like that . 
 and i kind of recognized her in a distant way . 
 like i 'd seen her before or known her before . 
 but i did n't feel compelled to reason it out , either . 
 `` you were impressive today , '' she said . 
 even her voice sounded like a dream , like one of those voices you hear in whispers that leaves you feeling warm and sweaty when you wake up . 
 `` vassily was surprised , you know . 
 he 's never had a human touch him in a fight , let alone put him on the mat . 
 i think he was impressed as well as annoyed . '' 
 `` thanks , '' i said . 
 i was smiling at her , and it felt good . 
 `` it felt good , taking him down a peg . '' 
 `` it was enjoyable to watch . 
 you 're so very ... solid . '' 
 she looked at me through lowered eyelashes , and my heart almost stopped . 
 she just had that kind of presence and power . 
 like a dream . 
 she was a dream , of course . 
 she had to be . 
 every few minutes , one of those sex-line commercials was coming on tv . 
 she was probably put together in my brain out of that , and the vampire obsession i seemed to be developing . 
 even the voice sounded like something you 'd pay money to hear murmur your name . 
 `` vassily said it earlier , but he wanted me to extend a personal invitation to you to join his exclusive sparring group . 
 but you ca n't tell anyone , whether you decide to join or not . 
 it 's more fun that way . 
 our secret , you see . '' 
 `` fun , '' i echoed . 
 `` are you in it ? '' 
 `` only as a spectator , '' she said , and smiled again , a slow , wicked stretch of those wet , full lips . 
 `` i 'm a lover , not a fighter , shane . 
 although i 'm quite sure you 're both . '' 
 i felt hot all over , and , yeah , again , i 'm a guy -- do n't judge . 
 i love claire , i do , but this was a dream . 
 and besides , claire had just ditched me to run off on her own when i needed her . 
 i tried to think about claire , but the perfume in the air was so strong , so sweet , and i could almost feel how good it would be to sink into this dream , let it take me away ... . . 
 `` i think it 's time for me to go , '' dream girl said , and i felt a cool brush of lips on my cheek . 
 it made me shiver all over . 
 she laughed , low in her throat . 
 `` do think about my proposition , sweet boy . 
 i 'll talk to you soon . '' 
 `` when ? '' 
 `` when you come to the new group , '' she whispered , and put her fingertips against my lips . 
 `` quiet now . 
 someone 's here . '' 
 best dreamever . 
 right up until the door flew open . 
 inside the room , shane said , `` when ? '' 
 and claire just could n't stand it , not at all . 
 she threw open the door so forcefully it banged into the wall and almost hit her on the backswing . 
 there was a blur of motion , too fast for her eyes to track , and a flutter of curtains at the window , and when she blinked , shane was sitting alone on his bed , headphones on , looking dazed . 
 he picked up the remote , flipping channels on the tv , moving like a sleepwalker . 
 `` shane ? '' 
 he looked up at her , face bathed in that pale blue light , and for a second , he did n't look anything like the shane she knew . 
 then he looked straight at the screen again as he shoved his headphones back . 
 `` hey . 
 i thought you were sleeping , '' he said . 
 `` then i checked again , and you were gone . '' 
 all her righteous indignation fell into confusion . 
 she 'd been going to accusehim , not the other way around ... but now , she was n't sure anymore what she 'd actually seen . 
 a blur . 
 it could have been the flickering tv light combined with the wind blowing the curtains on the window . 
 and the voices ... the voices could have been the tv , too . 
 but she , on the other hand , had undeniably sneaked away , in the middle of the night , without telling him . 
 `` there was a ladder under your window , '' he continued . 
 `` and unless you were planning to do late-night house painting , i do n't know why you 'd be out there climbing on a ladder . 
 front door 's perfectly good if you want to leave , far as i know . '' 
 `` i had to ... it was -- '' this was ridiculous . 
 she had n't come in here tobe confronted . 
 `` who was in here with you ? 
 i heard her talking to you . '' 
 shane raised his eyebrows and looked back at the tv , where a woman was lying around in skimpy lingerie , talking on the phone and winking at the camera . 
 some kind of phone sex ad . 
 `` you mean her ? 
 she 's been on five times an hour . 
 sometimes they even run the ads back-to-back . '' 
 `` no , i mean -- '' whatdid she mean ? 
 how had this gone so wrong , so fast ? 
 `` i mean , there was a girl in here . 
 a vampire . '' 
 it had to be a vampire , to move so fast . 
 shane shook his head . 
 `` you 're kidding , right ? 
 you know how i feel about them . 
 and i 'm not a fang-banger . '' 
 `` you said you 'd stop saying that . '' 
 because of eve , of course . 
 and michael . 
 `` yeah , well , nobody here but us breathers . 
 or is that something i ca n't say , either ? '' 
 she was losing the thread of all this . 
 it was all slipping away , like a dream at dawn . 
 `` shane , isaw her . 
 i thought -- '' `` yeah , '' he said . 
 `` i thought the same thing when you were gone without saying a word to me . 
 just be straight with me , okay ? 
 was it myrnin ? '' 
 she was speechless , absolutely speechless . 
 for one thing , she could n't lie about it -- ithad been myrnin who 'd shown up in her room in the middle of the night . 
 and shehad run off with him . 
 and now , inexplicably , she felt guilty about it , too . 
 she could feel a traitorous burn in her cheeks , but the words just would n't come to save her . 
 shane 's face went still and cold . 
 `` yeah . 
 that 's what i thought . '' 
 `` shane , i -- '' `` morganville 's changing you , '' he said . 
 `` you used to be scared of them , but the more you 're aroundhim , the more you think the vamps can be your friends . 
 they are n't . 
 they ca n't be . 
 they 're ranchers . 
 we 're cattle . '' 
 where the hell was all this coming from ? 
 she knew how he felt about the vampires , about morganville , but this seemed -- so edgy . 
 so bitter . 
 `` we 're here , '' she said . 
 `` we have to make the best of it until we can leave . 
 you 've said so yourself . '' 
 shane shook his head , still not looking at her . 
 he looked drawn now , and a little bit haunted . 
 `` i need to get you out of this place before it 's too late . 
 i should have done it before the barriers went back up around town , but now ... now it 's going to be more difficult . 
 got to do it , though . 
 you ca n't be here anymore . '' 
 `` shane , what are you talking about ? 
 what makes you think i want to go right now ? '' 
 suddenly , his focus shifted , and she felt hot and cold all over at the passion and intensity in his eyes . 
 `` why would n't you want to go ? 
 because of him ? 
 myrnin ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 she felt appalled now , entirely out of control . 
 this hadnot gone anything like she 'd thought . 
 `` god , shane , are youjealous ? '' 
 `` do i need to be ? 
 'cause you 're running away in the middle of the night with him , claire . '' 
 `` i -- but it was -- '' he turned away . 
 `` just go , claire . 
 i ca n't talk right now . '' 
 she felt tears well up in her eyes , tears of anger and sheer , maddening frustration . 
 it did n't matter what she said now . 
 shane had just shut her out , as effectively as if he 'd slammed the door between them . 
 as she watched , he turned off the tv , pulled up the blanket , and rolled over on his side . 
 away from her . 
 `` shane , '' she whispered . 
 no response . 
 she could n't take it -- shecould n't . 
 maybe it would have been better to stay there , tell him everything , but she felt trapped . 
 she felt like she could n't breathe , and she just wanted ... wanted ... she wanted out . 
 claire did n't even make the conscious decision to run , but she did -- out the door , into her own room , slamming and locking it behind her . 
 and then she sank down to a crouch against the door , wrapped her arms around herself , and cried like her heart was broken . 
 seven morning felt like the end of the world . 
 claire did n't remember sleeping , but she supposed she must have a little . 
 outside her window the sun was shining , and when she pulled the sash up a warming breeze fluttered the white curtains . 
 it was going to be a nice day . 
 for the end of the world , anyway . 
 she rolled over in bed and found herself facing a lot of empty space -- space that shane had occupied sometimes , whether they were just lying together talking or watching tv or ... doing other things . 
 but no shane . 
 not today . 
 that side of the bed was smooth . 
 claire rolled back over to face the other side , which was just a view of the blank wall and a dresser . 
 on the dresser was a picture of her and shane , arms around each other , laughing . 
 she squeezed her eyes shut . 
 they felt raw and red , swollen from crying , and she knew she looked as miserable as she felt . 
 get up , she told herself.you ca n't just lie around here all day , feeling sorry for yourself . 
 but if she got up , she might run into shane in the hall or downstairs in the kitchen or ... . 
 get up . 
 you live here , too . 
 she did n't want to , but the idea of wallowing around in her misery did n't sound so great , either . 
 she was tired of crying , and her head hurt . 
 she needed something to drink , something to eat , and to tell eve all about it . 
 crawling out from under the covers , claire realized that she was still wearing the clothes she 'd thrown on to follow myrnin ; she had n't bothered , in her generally awful mood , to undress . 
 she took a fresh set with her to the bathroom -lrb- she noted that shane 's door was closed as she passed -rrb- and showered and dressed and fixed her hair . 
 when she realized that she was actually taking longer than eve generally did , mainly to avoid any possibility of coming into contact withhim , she sucked in a deep breath , dumped the old clothes in the laundry basket , and reached for the bathroom doorknob . 
 her cell phone went off , scaring her so badly , she banged her elbow into the sink while reaching into her pants pocket.ow . 
 that hurt , hurt bad enough to make her take an extra second of deep breaths to stare down at the lit-up screen . 
 she did n't recognize the number , not even the area code.probably a wrong number . 
 she answered , and a voice on the other end , sounding brisk and businesslike , said , `` may i speak with claire danvers , please ? '' 
 `` i 'm claire . '' 
 she swallowed a bubble of anxiety . 
 could it be about her dad ? 
 no , he was doing better -- he 'd said so himself . 
 everything was all right . 
 then why was some stranger calling her?now ? 
 `` my name is mr. radamon , and i am in charge of the atomic , biophysics , condensed matter , and plasma physics program at the massachusetts institute of technology . 
 did you receive our letter ? '' 
 claire went entirely blank . 
 `` your ... letter ? '' 
 `` you applied for admission into our program last year , '' mr. radamon said . 
 he sounded so ... normal.so human . 
 somehow , she 'd expected an mit honcho to sound more godlike , with thunder rolling in the background . 
 `` we replied about six months ago with an acceptance letter to your home address . 
 i just wanted to be sure you got it . '' 
 `` oh.oh , no , i did n't . 
 my parents -- my parents had to move . 
 my dad is sick . '' 
 mit . 
 mit was on her phone . 
 she took it away from her ear and started at it in dreamlike disbelief . 
 `` you said ... i was accepted ? '' 
 `` yes , '' he said . 
 `` we do have an opening . 
 but , of course , we need to confirm that you 'll be able to attend at the beginning of next year . 
 if you ca n't , we 'll have to give the opportunity to another applicant . 
 you understand ? '' 
 `` of course , '' claire said , and felt a wave of hot excitement roll over her , followed by an ice-cold wave of realization . 
 `` you said ... next year ? 
 as in january ? '' 
 `` yes , january , '' he said . 
 `` i hope that gives you enough time to make your arrangements . 
 i 'm sorry to hear your father is ill . 
 i hope it 's nothing serious . '' 
 claire honestly did n't know what to say , and was n't sure she could sayanything . 
 she 'd been dreaming of this moment for years , thinking about how cool and perfect she was going to sound , how she 'd impress them with her adult attitude and control . 
 all she wanted to do was cry.i ca n't . 
 i ca n't go . 
 they wo n't let me , and this is my chance , my only chance ... mit had been her dream ever since she 'd been able to understand what they did there , what they taught , what they achieved . 
 there , she 'd learn things that even myrnin could n't fathom . 
 she 'd discover the secrets of the universe . 
 all she had to do was get the hell out of morganville . 
 which she could n't do . 
 `` miss danvers ? '' 
 said the voice of the future on the other end of a very long line . 
 `` are you there ? '' 
 `` yes , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm here . 
 `` all the way here . 
 `` mr. radamon , i 'm sorry . 
 i 'll need to get back to you a little later . 
 i need to , uh , talk to my parents before i tell you for sure . 
 would that be okay ? '' 
 `` oh yes , absolutely . 
 i 'm sorry to spring this on you without any warning . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` i know how exciting it can be to get this kind of news . 
 i think i yelled my parents ' house down when i got my acceptance letter . 
 most exciting moment of my life . 
 well , congratulations , ms. danvers . 
 please call me back when you have all your arrangements in hand . 
 i 'll need to hear from you within the week , of course . '' 
 `` of course , '' she repeated numbly . 
 `` thank you , sir . 
 thank you very much . '' 
 `` no thanks necessary ; you were a brilliant candidate , and your scores are extremely impressive . 
 we look forward to having you on the team here . '' 
 she must have said something else , something nice and appreciative , but honestly , claire could n't think of anything except the giant letters flashing in front of her eyes ... one set was mit , and the other was omg . 
 she 'd expected to feel a tremendous rush , but all she felt was ... conflicted . 
 and deeply , deeply scared . 
 the world had just opened up for her . 
 doves and angels and choirs singing . 
 and all she could feel about it was ... dread . 
 dread because she did n't think amelie would release her in the first place , but even if she did ... even if she did , what about shane ? 
 if shane was even talking to her ever again . 
 god , it was such amess . 
 she took another five minutes , sitting in silence , staring at her turned-off phone . 
 wondering who she should call . 
 her parents would support her no matter what ; no help there . 
 she wanted to talk to shane , suddenly , but ... but after last night ... she had nobody shecould talk to . 
 well , she would have said something to michael , who was in the living room , getting his stuff , but by the time she got her courage together , he was on his way . 
 he just waved as he put on a sun-blocking black coat and hat and headed out the back door . 
 she shut her mouth , still trying to figure out how she felt . 
 mostly she just seemed ... confused . 
 eve was in the kitchen making pancakes . 
 alone . 
 `` morning , girlfriend , '' eve said , and dumped some lumpy batter into a hot pan , where it immediately started to sizzle . 
 `` you look like you need carbs . '' 
 `` totally , '' claire said , and sat down to rest her forehead in both hands . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 `` yeah , no problem . 
 here . '' 
 eve grabbed a mug , filled it with coffee , and slid it to her on the table . 
 `` caffeine . 
 makes the world all bright and sparkly , or maybe that 's just me . 
 look , i gave you the fun mug . '' 
 in eve 's world , it was . 
 it was a coffee mug with a dead-guy chalk outline on it , and it said he had decaf . 
 claire mixed the coffee with all the things that made coffee drinking possible for her -- milk , sugar , a little cinnamon -- and sat nursing it , staring into the light brown surface but not seeing anything . 
 she could n't think . 
 all she could do was ... feel awful . 
 she needed to tell eve , but saying it out loud would make it all real.mit wants me to go there . 
 because part of her was so excited it was vibrating apart , and the other part , the practical part ... that was crying . 
 did shewant to go ... leave behind morganville ? 
 well , yes , obviously . 
 but that meant leaving the people , too . 
 eve . 
 michael . 
 myrnin.shane . 
 she wanted to talk about that , badly , but she just ... could n't . 
 not yet . 
 `` incoming ! '' 
 eve said , and as claire looked up , slid a plate in front of her with two thick , steaming pancakes . 
 a pat of butter melted like lava on top , and eve thumped down a bottle of syrup . 
 `` everything gets better with pancakes . 
 it 's a law of the universe . 
 bonus for bacon , but we 're out . '' 
 eve had a plate , too , and sat down opposite her . 
 claire had n't noticed , but eve was makeup-free this morning , and her goth-black hair was tied back in a simple ponytail . 
 even her clothes were subdued , or as much as eve ever got -- a form-hugging tee with a black-on-black skull design and a pair of black jeans . 
 she picked up her fork and dug into her own plate . 
 claire just watched the butter melt and poked at the pancakes a little . 
 she dragged her fork through the syrup and spelled outmit . 
 finally , she took a bite . 
 they were good , really good , but as soon as she started to chew , tears came to her eyes and she could hardly swallow . 
 she coughed to cover it , but eve was watching her with a steady kind of focus that made it unnecessary . 
 `` hey , '' eve said . 
 `` you know you can talk to me , right ? 
 about anything ? '' 
 not about that . 
 not yet . 
 but the other thing , yes . 
 `` shane hates me , '' claire said in a very small voice , and dragged her fork through the moat of syrup around the fortress of pancakes . 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 eve waited for claire 's nod before eating a bite of pancakes . 
 she chewed and swallowed before she said , `` sorry , claire bear . 
 he does n't . '' 
 `` you did n't hear what he said to me last night . '' 
 that did it -- the tears came now , for real , and she picked up her napkin and tried to wipe them away with shaking hands . 
 god , what a mess she was . 
 `` i heard what he said this morning before he blew out of here . 
 he was angry at himself , not you -- or , at least , more than at you . 
 he said you 'd gotten dragged away by myrnin last night and he 'd acted like a dick about it . 
 is n't that what happened ? '' 
 `` well , sort of . 
 he was right -- idid go off with myrnin . '' 
 `` on a job . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` not on a date . '' 
 `` oh , god , no ! '' 
 `` then shane acted like an ass , and he 's got nothing to be jealous about , and he knows it . 
 i saw him , claire . 
 believe me , he knows he was wrong . 
 he feels bad . '' 
 `` then why -- ? 
 `` why did n't he come talk to me ? 
 why did n't he try ? 
 why did he just ... leave ? 
 `` he 's cooling down . 
 it 's a guy thing , '' eve said . 
 `` he 'll be okay when he gets back . 
 and you ? 
 he said you were all angry about him watching sexy commercials on tv , which , frankly , is weird -- you being mad about it , not him watching them , because i 'm pretty sure teen boys get a pass on that . 
 they ca n't help hitting the pause button when the half-naked girls show up . '' 
 `` no , that was n't it . 
 it was -- '' she replayed it in her mind . 
 a blur , a flutter of curtains . 
 whispers and laughter in the dark . 
 in the end , nothing she could truly say was n't just a product of her tired mind and of jealousy . 
 `` i thought he was with somebody , '' she finally said , miserably . 
 `` in his room . 
 some girl . '' 
 eve ate a bite of pancakes , thinking about it , and then said , `` and you honestly think he 's that big a jerk , that not only does he cheat on you , he brings her back here , to our house ? 
 where , i might add , i would personally open up a ten-gallon drum of whup-ass on him and any skank he dragged in here . 
 not to mention what michael would do . '' 
 `` no , i -- i do n't honestly think that . 
 and , uh , thanks ? '' 
 `` it 's what friends do , '' eve said graciously . 
 `` he did n't bring anybody back here -- you know that . 
 besides , you were with us last night when he came home . 
 what 'd he do , smuggle her in under his coat ? '' 
 `` i think she was a vampire , '' claire said in a rush , without looking at eve . 
 in her blurry peripheral vision , she could see that eve had stopped in the act of raising her fork to her mouth . 
 syrup dripped off , but the plate caught the damage . 
 eve slowly put her fork back down . 
 `` you think shane 's getting it from some vampire girl ? '' 
 claire 's frustration burned up suddenly , like flash paper . 
 `` i do n'tknow ! 
 i 'm just telling you what itfelt like , eve ! 
 there was a woman talking and laughing , and i went in his room , and there was a blur and wind and then he was alone.you fill in the blanks ! '' 
 `` oh , sweetie , '' eve said . 
 `` you know that 's totally frickin ' insane , right ? 
 because for one thing , shane hates the hell right out of vampires . 
 for another , he loves you . '' 
 `` maybe she 's -- i do n't know -- making him do it . 
 they can do that , right ? 
 yvette did . '' 
 `` the last one who tried it did n't get very far , if you remember , '' eve said . 
 `` and i heard on good authority that yvette 's ashes got sprinkled on the founder 's rose garden , so there 's that . 
 shane 's strong , and i do n't just mean the muscles . 
 i 've never seen any bite marks on him . 
 have you ? '' 
 claire had to shake her head reluctantly . 
 she definitely had n't seen any bites.she , on the other hand , had a collection of them , the worst from myrnin . 
 so maybe she was still , and badly , overreacting . 
 shane was acting jealous , but maybe he had reason , considering everything that had gone on with myrnin . 
 maybe that was why he was turning antivamp again . 
 `` you 're kind of freaking me out , you two , '' eve said . 
 `` i mean , you 're thestable one . 
 and shane , he 's loyal to the point of stupid . 
 if you two ca n't keep it together ... '' she did n't say it , but claire knew she was thinking , what chance do michael and i have ? 
 claire had heard gossip when eve was n't around . 
 nobody was giving their vampire-and-human romeo-and-juliet act anything like good odds to go the distance . 
 and whatwas the distance , for a relationship where the vampire was n't going to get any older , while eve would ? 
 she knew , without even thinking about it , that eve had spent long nights considering all this , going over and over it . 
 so had michael , probably . 
 maybe love would conquer all . 
 that was a nice thought , even if it was n't realistic . 
 god , she wanted to blurt it all out to eve -- about jason being held in that room at founder 's square . 
 about bishop out stalking the streets . 
 but she knew that would be a very bad idea . 
 amelie had been clear enough , and she was n't in any mood to be forgiving . 
 she could tell her about mit , but ... no . 
 that was private . 
 she did n't want eve to think she did n't care about her , because she did . 
 she loved her . 
 but it wasmit . 
 eve ate a couple of bites of pancake , and so did claire , even though she could n't taste it at all . 
 `` cb , '' eve said , and made her look up . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 whatever it was , shane 's not that guy you 're thinking about . 
 he ` syour guy , and he 's always going to be . 
 trust me . 
 i know shane , and he can be a jerk , but he can also be the best man i 've ever met . 
 and you , you make him better every day he 's with you . 
 okay ? '' 
 `` okay , '' claire said . 
 she felt a little better , and also a lot worse , because that made leaving for boston much harder . 
 maybe shehad been tired and made a lot out of nothing . 
 `` i should get going . 
 i 'm going to be late for class . '' 
 `` whatcha learning ? '' 
 `` probably nothing , considering how sleepy i am . 
 but in theory , it 's about multidimensional analysis and waveforms . '' 
 like she 'd be studying at mit . 
 only that would be a thousand times better , somehow . 
 `` i have no idea what that is , but yawn , anyway , just on principle . 
 eat up . 
 pancakes is brain food . '' 
 `` apparently not grammar food . '' 
 `` wow . 
 you college girls aremean . '' 
 claire had a pleasant enough morning ... the class ended up short one professor , so after ten minutes , they were free to wander off . 
 her next class was a lab , which she loved -lrb- and always aced -rrb- . 
 then lunch , and a free afternoon to think things over . 
 as she sat outside under a tree , listening as the cool wind rustled the leaves overhead , she kept pulling out her phone . 
 kept pulling up the caller list and looking at the number . 
 finally , she typed in the contact info.mr . 
 radamon , mit . 
 her finger kept hovering over the call button , but she did n't push it . 
 yet . 
 it scared her when her cell phone vibrated . 
 the picture that came up was a close-up of myrnin 's vampire bunny slippers . 
 she sighed and answered , a little too sharply . 
 `` what ? '' 
 his voice sounded metallic and impatient over the tiny speaker . 
 `` is that any way to speak to someone who employs you ? 
 and , i might add , could kill you at any time ? '' 
 `` but wo n't , '' she said . 
 `` has something happened ? 
 you know , withhim ? 
 the old guy ? '' 
 `` him , '' myrnin repeated . 
 `` no , he is still safely obscure at the moment , although there is an unprecedented effort to locate him going on , of course . 
 but i need you for something else . 
 here , in the lab . 
 now . '' 
 `` i thought you did n't need me today . '' 
 `` in fact , i did n't . 
 and now i do . 
 please . '' 
 `` thanks for sayingplease . '' 
 `` i do try to be polite . 
 now , do get a move on . '' 
 she hung up and , just for the sake of being stubborn , finished her coke before getting up , dusting off , and grabbing her book bag . 
 she got a text message before she could take more than a few steps , and stopped in the shade of a tree to read it from the tiny screen . 
 it was from shane , and it said , sry abt last night luv u . 
 she smiled in relief , and texted back , omg luv u 2 so sry . 
 she almost addedi need to talk , but that might make things worse . 
 she 'd talk later . 
 tell him . 
 ask him what to do about ... about everything . 
 claire closed the phone and held it to her heart for a few seconds , then slipped it back into her pocket . 
 she felt about a thousand times better , no matter what was waiting for her at the lab ; in fact , she had n't realized how down she was until suddenly she was up again . 
 she was humming her new favorite song when she walked around the corner , heading for a shortcut to the lab , and ran into a crying girl who was running blindly for the shelter of the trees . 
 the girl went down . 
 she looked terrified . 
 it took claire a second to recognize her , because she was expecting a student ... but miranda was far too young to be a student , maybe fifteen years old , and also miranda was way , way too crazy . 
 miranda was -- or had been , anyway -- eve 's friend , mostly because eve took up strays and the vulnerable , and miranda was both . 
 eve had also believed the girl was psychic , and claire was inclined to believe it , too , because miranda 's guesses on things she should n't have known had always been too close for comfort . 
 she was certainly weird enough , too . 
 miranda had come into claire 's life early on in her morganville experience , and she 'd been vague and dreamy and sported vampire bites from her so-called protector , whom claire had considered a lot more predator than anything else . 
 since his death , miranda had improved , but she 'd stayed vague . 
 her clothes looked completely random and mismatched . 
 same for her makeup ; she had some on , but it looked more like she 'd forgotten to wipe off what she 'd put on yesterday and just added to it . 
 it was smudged and smeared , and not at all attractive . 
 she looked like a thin , starving rabbit of a girl . 
 and she was terrified . 
 `` hey , '' claire said , and offered her a hand up . 
 `` sorry about that . 
 miranda , what are you doing here on campus ? 
 you never come here . 
 do you ? '' 
 the girl stared up at her in frozen dread , and claire frowned a little . 
 `` what 's wrong with you ? '' 
 `` i came to warn you , '' miranda said in a breathless rush . 
 her eyes were very wide and more than half crazy . 
 `` but it 's all gone wrong . '' 
 she took claire 's hand and pulled herself up , but she did n't let go . 
 her skin felt icy , and her eyes darted around in a paranoia claire knew all too well . 
 `` they 're coming ! '' 
 `` no , they 're not , '' said monica morrell , stepping around the corner of the concrete building where the groundskeepers kept their tools and mowers . 
 `` they 're here , you crazy bitch . 
 oh , look , you found a little friend . 
 a little friend who 's completely stupid if she does n't start walking away right now . '' 
 monica was pretty , perfectly made up , and wearing designer jeans and a spangled top , but she had an expression that made claire 's stomach twist . 
 `` danvers . 
 do n't you have to go save a puppy or the whales or something ? '' 
 claire said nothing . 
 now it was n't just monica , but both her lipstick mafia girls , who came a few seconds late to the party . 
 gina was wearing a denim skirt and ass-kicking shoes , and jennifer was basically a duplicate of monica , only with knockoffs instead of designer originals . 
 that they 'd target miranda was n't unusual ; it was their standard operating procedure to pick out the weak and -lrb- presumably -rrb- helpless . 
 it had been claire 's introduction to the warm , welcoming community of morganville , running into these three in her dorm . 
 she 'd gotten beaten up and tossed down stairs , and , frankly , she knew she 'd been lucky to get off that lightly . 
 even so , even as bold as monica was in her bullying , it was unusual that the evil trio was chasing miranda around outdoors , in full view of the campus . 
 granted , they were herding her into the trees , where whatever unpleasant thing that was going to happen would happen in relative privacy , but still ... this was bold , even for monica . 
 even when miranda was easy , friendless prey . 
 `` i said get lost , claire , '' monica said as gina and jennifer spread out to cut off easy retreat . 
 `` you 've got about five seconds before i forget you 're wearing that founder 's pet pin and start kicking your skinny ass , just like old times . '' 
 `` you 're forgetting ? 
 i did n't know you were old enough to get alzheimer 's , '' claire said . 
 she tugged on miranda 's cold , trembling hand . 
 `` just that you looked it . 
 come on , mir . 
 let 's go . '' 
 `` wait . '' 
 that was jennifer , stepping up to block their escape . 
 `` not her . 
 she stays . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` none of your business , bitch . 
 you can go . 
 she ca n't . '' 
 claire glanced over at miranda . 
 `` you said you came to warn me ? 
 about what ? '' 
 she looked miserable and defeated . 
 `` about them , '' she said . 
 `` i woke up and my head was hurting and all i could think about was that i had to tell you , had to warn you before it was too late . 
 but i think i did the wrong thing . 
 sometimes it all gets mixed up in my head , what 's coming , and what i should do about it . 
 sometimes it seems like i actually cause it . 
 but this is definitely wrong now . '' 
 gina said flatly , `` no shit . 
 i was just walking along and that crazy bitch came right up to me , babbled at me , andhit me . 
 look , i 'm going to have a bruise . '' 
 she pointed at her chin , which did look red on the side . 
 `` so i 'm going to hit her back . 
 that 's all . 
 you just stay out of it and we 'll all be fine . '' 
 claire looked at monica and jennifer . 
 `` areyour friends staying out of it ? '' 
 `` you really want to go there ? '' 
 gina 's flat , dark stare was unsettling . 
 `` this is n't your business , danvers . 
 walk away , go do whatever it is that smart freaks do when they 're not being completely annoying . '' 
 she should have . 
 that would have been the smart thing , the easy thing . 
 but instead , something flared up inside her , something stubborn and bright and obstinate , and claire said , `` i 'm not leaving anybody for you to pound on , especially not some helpless fifteen-year-old kid . 
 you know that , right ? 
 that 's what you 're afraid of , that i 'm going to stick around . 
 because now you 've gottwo of us who are n't afraid to hit back . 
 andone of us has people on speed dial that you do n't want to mess with . '' 
 `` are you threatening me ? '' 
 gina asked softly . 
 `` crap , '' monica sighed . 
 `` danvers , you 've stepped in it now . 
 it 's all on you . '' 
 gina 's eyes were like a shark 's , claire realized ; just blind menace , no thinking behind them at all . 
 when she smiled , that made it all the more eerie . 
 especially when she unfolded the pocketknife with the long , sharp blade she had hidden at her side . 
 it made a soft , metallic clicking sound as it locked into place . 
 miranda took in a sharp , shaking breath . 
 `` oh no . 
 it 's all going wrong , so wrong ... this is n't what i meant to do ... '' claire shifted her attention to monica , who was standing very still , face closed into a pretty , shallow mask . 
 `` you 're going to let your psycho friend come after me . 
 even knowing what will happen when amelie finds out . '' 
 monica smiled , just a little . 
 `` what makes you think i ca n't make you disappear ? 
 lots of places in this town to hide a body , especially if it 's in little pieces . 
 and you 're just a little bitty thing , anyway . '' 
 claire shook her head and looked at miranda . 
 `` why did you hit her ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` gina . 
 you came on campus , looked for her , and hit her . 
 why ? '' 
 `` because it had to happen that way . '' 
 miranda sometimes did n't make a whole lot of sense , and this was definitely one of those times . 
 monica was n't going to back down , not in front of her friends . 
 something had to change first . 
 the balance had to shift , and fast , because gina was working herself up to some genuine psycho-quality violence . 
 as gina was wont to do , actually . 
 claire looked at jennifer . 
 jennifer seemed scared . 
 this had clearly gone further than she 'd thought or was comfortable with ; jen had always been the softest of the three of them , and this was especially true now . 
 she 'd been hurt recently , when a rave in town had turned into an all-out humans-versus-vamps brawl . 
 when shane and claire had finally found her , she 'd been balled up in a corner , thin party dress torn and stained with blood . 
 she 'd been cut with broken glass , and had a couple of cracked ribs . 
 but from the haunted look in her eyes , claire had to wonder if maybe , just maybe , she 'd learned how it felt to be on the receiving end . 
 `` jen , '' she said , very quietly . 
 `` you do n't have to be here . 
 you know what it 's like to be hurt , and you do n't want to make someone else go through that . 
 just walk away . '' 
 jen flinched and took a small step backward . 
 she looked over at monica , then at gina . 
 `` we were there for you , jen , '' monica said . 
 `` we 've always been there for you . 
 do n't you turn your back on us now . 
 we know where you live , bitch . '' 
 `` yeah , she knows where i live , too , '' claire said . 
 `` but she knows better than to show up there . '' 
 she turned her attention back to monica . 
 `` it 's not just about scaring people out of their lunch money anymore , monica . 
 you 're not the school bully . 
 you 're talking about real trouble , jail trouble , and you know how this is going to end . 
 you need to stop this before you all get hurt , lots worse than anything you 'd do to miranda . 
 or to me . '' 
 monica was staring back at her , and claire had the oddest feeling that for the first time , monica was seeing her . 
 after all this time , all this anger , she was actuallycommunicating . 
 `` think , '' claire said very softly . 
 `` justthink . 
 you do n't have to make this happen . 
 you do n'tneed it , monica . 
 everybody knows who you are . 
 you do n't have to keep on proving it to yourself and to everybody else . '' 
 that rocked monica 's head back , as if claire had actually punched her in a vulnerable spot . 
 her lips parted , but whatever she was going to say ... she did n't have time . 
 `` you know what ? 
 i 'm tired of the blah , blah , blah . 
 screw all this talking , '' gina said , and came at claire with the knife . 
 `` gina , no ! '' 
 monica yelled . 
 she sounded shocked , as if she had n't actually thought gina would do it . 
 as if gina was all threat , no action . 
 but claire had always known better . 
 eight claire 's world got suddenly very clear -- high-definition clear . 
 she could see the light glittering along the blade of gina 's knife . 
 the sweat on gina 's forehead . 
 the way she balanced her weight as she attacked . 
 claire shoved miranda out of the way , and in the same motion , slammed her forearm at a right angle to gina 's as the hand holding the knife came at her . 
 she remembered eve 's fencing poses . 
 seemed like the right thing to do . 
 gina 's knife missed . 
 claire watched the edge glide past her , an inch from her left elbow , and knew she ought to be afraid , because , mygod , she was in a knife fight withgina , and nobody was coming to help her . 
 nobody even knew what was going on . 
 not shane or michael or eve , not amelie , not even myrnin . 
 but , weirdly , right now it did n't matter . 
 everything was still and quiet inside , and she supposed she should have felt scared , but she did n't . 
 she did n't feel anything . 
 shane had given her lessons in how to trip people up -- it had been a game , one that had ended up with her on her back more than him on his , and she 'd loved the laughter and the feel of his weight pinning her down . 
 but now she walled all that away and stripped it down to its purest parts . 
 she could do this . 
 she had to do it . 
 she stepped forward into gina 's body , and got her left foot behind and between gina 's . 
 that put her lower leg at an angle , below gina 's knee . 
 as gina stabbed at her with the knife , claire grabbed her wrist , forced it up and in , and overbalanced her . 
 gina started to step backward , then yelped as claire 's braced leg took the strength out of her knee . 
 she went down on her back . 
 claire twisted the knife out of gina 's hand and dropped down with one knee on her chest , holding her down . 
 she froze , looking down at her , breathing hard . 
 she felt hot and shivery now , and the impulse to take that knife and do something terrible with it boiled up inside . 
 it tasted like rage and fear and all the terrible things she 'd ever felt , and for a second , just a second , she thought about what it would be like to make gina feel that , to make ginahurt . 
 gina 's eyes went wide , watching her . 
 she knew . 
 she could see it , too , and for the first time ever , claire saw that gina was actually afraid . 
 `` this is what i saw , '' miranda said , a quiet little voice at claire 's elbow . 
 `` but you 're not going to do it . 
 you 're a good person . '' 
 claire did n't feel like a good person , not at the moment . 
 she felt sick and a little bit faint , and she did n't resist when miranda took the knife out of her hand . 
 `` but i 'm not that good , '' miranda said , and stabbed the knife down at gina 's chest . 
 claire screamed and knocked miranda out of the way , a firm body check that sent mir stumbling , then rolling . 
 the knife fell to the grass . 
 gina scrambled for it , but claire got there first , picked it up , and held it at her side . 
 gina slowly climbed to her feet , breathing fast , chin down . 
 the fear was gone now , replaced with an insane amount of rage . 
 `` monica , '' claire said . 
 `` call off the pit bull . 
 now , before this gets worse . '' 
 a few torturous seconds of silence passed before monica said , `` gina . 
 yo , bitch , chill . 
 we 'll finish this some other time . '' 
 `` give me back my knife , '' gina said . 
 `` um ... no . '' 
 claire folded it up and slipped it into her jeans pocket . 
 `` the last thing you need is a weapon . '' 
 `` i 'll buy you another one . 
 come on , gina . 
 we 're going . '' 
 jennifer took gina 's arm and tugged on it , glancing at claire with a mixture of fear and respect . 
 `` like monica said . 
 we 'll get this later . '' 
 gina pointed at claire . 
 `` you . 
 i 'll getyou later . '' 
 claire shrugged . 
 `` go for it . '' 
 jennifer pulled her friend away . 
 monica had already turned her back and was walking away . 
 she paused right before she turned the corner to glance back and nod slightly to claire . 
 odd . 
 it almost looked like respect , too . 
 silence . 
 claire listened to the breeze , the distant laughter of students coming from beyond the trees , and all of a sudden she could n't stay on her feet . 
 she sat down -- sprawled -- and rested her forehead in her hands . 
 miranda crawled over to sit next to her . 
 `` thank you , '' she said . 
 `` for what ? '' 
 `` stopping me . 
 but you do n't know . 
 you do n't know what it 's like . '' 
 `` getting bullied ? 
 kind of do . '' 
 miranda was looking at her with sadness and a strange kind of pity . 
 `` no , you do n't , '' she said . 
 `` it 's been happening since i was in kindergarten . 
 not them all the time , but other kids , you know . 
 every day . 
 it never stops , and it never goes away , thanks to the internet -- it just keeps happening every minute , every day . 
 and i just want it to stop . 
 i think about how to do it , you know . 
 how to kill them . 
 all kinds of elaborate things , like trapping them in pits and burying them alive , or covering them with concrete . '' 
 it was the most sensible thing claire had ever heard her say -- and the most painful , too . 
 she put her arm around miranda . 
 close up , she expected mir to smell bad , but she did n't ; she smelled like lemon shampoo and soap . 
 with a little clothing upgrade and better makeup and hair , she 'd be pretty . 
 oh , god , she thought , amused.eve 's rubbed off on me . 
 because the old claire , the one she 'd been before the glass house , would have never even thought about miranda 's appearance . 
 `` explain to me why you came to find me , '' she said . 
 `` was it just that you saw the knife fight ? '' 
 `` yes , '' miranda said . 
 and then , immediately , `` no . 
 there 's something else . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 miranda looked up at her with those odd , unsettling , luminous eyes . 
 `` it 's about shane . 
 i think he 's in trouble . 
 there 's something wrong in his head . 
 i can almost see it . '' 
 claire 's phone beeped for attention -- a text . 
 she checked it . 
 it was , shockingly , from myrnin ; she did n't think he even knewhow to text . 
 evidently , he 'd found his cell phone again . 
 it said , where are you , stupid girl ? 
 run faster ! 
 claire sighed . 
 `` dammit ! 
 can you tell me about it while we walk ? '' 
 miranda did n't , of course , have many details . 
 psychic impressions were the most useless thingsever , as far as claire could tell ... it was always feelings and impressions and vague warnings , and half the time it seemed like miranda made things worse by trying to prevent something bad . 
 like today . 
 the whole thing with gina would n't have happened if miranda had n't come along trying to stop it . 
 well , probably . 
 miranda 's cold-blooded violent streak worried claire almost as much as gina 's psycho tendencies . 
 she thought about revenge in dangerously graphic terms . 
 `` let 's try this again , '' she said as they walked down the mostly deserted street that led to the cul-de-sac where myrnin 's lab entrance was located . 
 `` so what you see is that shane 's in trouble because he gets in a fight . '' 
 miranda nodded , so vigorously her tangled hair bounced . 
 `` a bad one , '' she said . 
 `` and gets hurt . 
 i ca n't tell how much , but he gets hurt a lot , i think . '' 
 `` is it day or night ? '' 
 miranda thought about it , frowning . 
 she kicked an empty plastic bottle and flinched when a dog barked in one of the yards they were passing . 
 the houses on this street were run-down , with bars on the windows . 
 only the day house at the end of the street -- a mirror for the house where claire lived , the one owned by michael glass -- looked nicely kept up , and even it needed a new coat of paint . 
 `` i ca n't tell , '' she finally said . 
 `` it happens inside . 
 in a room . 
 people are watching . 
 there are bars . '' 
 `` like , with drinks ? '' 
 `` no , like a cage . '' 
 that was sickly likely , because shane seemed to end up behindthose kinds of bars way too often . 
 `` how many people ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` it 's dark ; i ca n't tell . 
 maybe a lot ? 
 no -- more . 
 more than a lot . 
 from a long ways off . 
 there but not there . '' 
 that was definitely vague and not at all helpful . 
 the fighting -- well , that was something that honestly was n't all that unusual . 
 shane was a born fighter . 
 but the getting badly hurt -- that was unsettling , all right . 
 `` is there any way to tell when it 's going to happen ? '' 
 miranda shook her head . 
 `` it 's pretty clear , so maybe a few days ? 
 a week ? 
 but i do n't know . 
 sometimes it 's tricky . 
 and sometimes it goes away , too . 
 things are n't always obvious . '' 
 `` okay , well , thanks . 
 i 'll try to look out for him . '' 
 that was n't much , because claire knew she could n't spend all her time watching out for him . 
 warning him would help , but knowing shane , it would n't solve the problem , either . 
 if he felt like he needed to be in the fight , he 'd be in it -- whether he got hurt or not . 
 `` you should get home , '' claire said . 
 `` i have to go to work . 
 mir ? '' 
 miranda stopped , looking at her . 
 she was getting taller , claire realized ; still growing . 
 she was taller than claire was now , and would probably be eve 's height or better before she was done . 
 `` tomorrow , meet me at the house , '' claire said . 
 `` if myrnin does n't need me , we 'll go shopping . 
 okay ? '' 
 miranda smiled at her -- a sweet , delighted , heartfelt expression that lit up her whole face . 
 no , her whole body . 
 it was like nobody had ever offered before . 
 `` okay ! '' 
 she said . 
 `` i 've never been shopping . '' 
 claire blinked . 
 `` never ? '' 
 `` no . 
 my parents used to buy me things before they died . 
 and now people sometimes bring me things , but i 've never gone myself . 
 is it fun ? 
 it looks fun . '' 
 `` it 's fun , '' claire said . 
 she had a sudden impulse to hug the girl , so she did . 
 miranda felt all bones and awkward angles , but she hugged back enthusiastically . 
 `` you go straight home and stay there . 
 monica may back off , but gina 's kind of nuts . 
 i think she 's after me , though . '' 
 `` she is , '' miranda said , in that distant , weird kind of voice claire dreaded . 
 `` she 'll be coming . 
 soon . '' 
 she blinked and smiled . 
 `` see you tomorrow ! '' 
 she practically skipped away . 
 claire watched her go , shook her head , and headed into the monster 's lair . 
 the monster himself was standing in the middle of the lab , pacing and shaking his cell phone as if he was trying to get it to work by sheer force . 
 he 'd changed clothes again -- this time , to a victorian long-tailed coat in black , a purple vest , no shirt , and black pants . 
 he 'd ditched the bunny slippers this time , in favor of real shoes . 
 when she came jogging down the steps , he looked so relieved she almost backed up a step or two . 
 `` there you are ! '' 
 he cried , and held his phone out to her . 
 `` this thing does n't work . '' 
 `` it does . 
 i got your text . '' 
 `` but i 've been sending it over and over , and then it just stopped working . '' 
 it had stopped working because , evidently , he 'd been pushing buttons so hard he 'd broken them . 
 claire shook her head , took the phone , and tossed it in the garbage can in the corner . 
 `` i 'll get you another one , '' she said . 
 `` well ? 
 i 'm here . 
 what 's the crisis ? '' 
 he stopped and stared at her . 
 `` bishop is on the loose , and you 're asking me what the crisis might be ? 
 really ? '' 
 `` i. . . 
 thought the vampires would be taking care of that . '' 
 `` indeed . 
 oliver 's got half the vampires in morganville making inquiries of the other half . '' 
 `` only half ? '' 
 `` the half we can trust interrogating the half we ca n't , '' myrnin said . 
 `` a sad truth , but there are more than a few who preferred bishop 's open tyranny to amelie 's more reasonable approach . 
 there are always a few , claire , who like being told what to do instead of being required to think . 
 and those are the ones you should fear . 
 that goes equally for humans , i 'm afraid . 
 critical thinking has become a sadly rare skill these days . '' 
 she nodded , because she already knew that . 
 `` so what do you want me to do ? '' 
 `` i want you to speak with frank . 
 we need him to be on the alert for any sign of bishop . 
 he has control of the monitoring systems , and he should be able to provide us solid leads . '' 
 `` wait , you wantme to do it ? 
 why did n't you ? '' 
 myrnin drew himself up to his full height , hands clasped behind his back . 
 `` i have things to do , '' he said . 
 `` and ... frank and imay have had a little disagreement . 
 he is n't speaking to me anymore . '' 
 `` he -- wait , can he do that ? '' 
 `` damn straight i can . '' 
 frank 's gravelly voice came from her cell phone speaker , muffled by her pocket , but still clearly audible . 
 `` i can do what i want , and i do n't want to hear anything from that jackass anymore . '' 
 `` frank -- '' claire sighed . 
 `` fine . 
 i hate this , you know . 
 i hate that you 're all fangs-out at each other when one of you does n't even have any fangs anymore . 
 but we do n't have time for your girl fight , okay ? 
 will you please look for bishop , so he does n't get us all killed horribly ? '' 
 `` well , '' frank said , `` you 've got a point about that . '' 
 claire turned to myrnin . 
 `` anybody else you want monitored ? '' 
 `` well , there 's gloriana , '' myrnin said . 
 `` i would definitely look out for gloriana , since she 's the newest in town , and , well , you 've met her , have n't you ? '' 
 claire frowned . 
 gloriana ... oh.she 'd met her once , briefly , at a party about a month ago . 
 gloriana -- or glory , for cutesy-short -- was beautiful , in an antique kind of way ; she had waves of long blond hair and bright blue eyes and a smile that made men melt like ice cream in the sun . 
 vampire , of course . 
 charming . 
 but she 'd taken a special interest in michael , and that had n't sat very well with eve at all . 
 `` glory 's a bishop girl ? '' 
 `` i would n't put it like that , '' myrnin said , `` but gloriana has a history of betting with the winners , and she was bishop 's pet for a short time , about three hundred years ago , i believe . 
 she may still have some fond memories of him , as difficult as that is to understand . 
 old loyalties die hard among our kind . 
 so do old enemies , and she never was amelie 's friend , though they 're polite enough in public . '' 
 `` is sheyour friend ? '' 
 claire hesitated , then said , `` or , you know , friend ? '' 
 he raised his eyebrows and air quoted . 
 `` friend ? '' 
 `` you know what i mean . 
 oliver practically admitted he 'd had a fling with her once . '' 
 `` i do n't haveflings . '' 
 again with the air quotes . 
 `` and , no , gloriana is not my friend . 
 nor my enemy , particularly ; i rarely had anything to do with her at all . 
 she 's agreed to abide by the laws of morganville , but if a situation arises where she might sidestep them ... well . 
 i would not like to stand between her and her desires . 
 she can be quite cold-blooded . '' 
 claire felt a stab of dread . 
 `` uh , she could be after shane , then ? '' 
 `` shane ? '' 
 myrnin rolled his eyes . 
 `` why in the world would you leap to such a conclusion ? 
 definitely not . 
 she does n't do humans . 
 she finds them commonplace . 
 and , strangely enough , not everyone is as fascinated by your beau as you are . '' 
 `` well , then , would she be afteryou ? '' 
 that made him stop for a second , as if the idea had never occurred to him . 
 `` no , '' he finally said . 
 `` no , i do n't believe she would be at all interested . 
 i 'm not ... suitable . 
 by which i mean , sane . 
 she ca n't show me off in public , which is very important to her ; she likes to be seen with her conquests . 
 also , i 'm not sure that she could affect me in any significant way . 
 my patterns of thought are quite ... different , you know . '' 
 `` oh , i know . 
 frank , are you getting this ? '' 
 `` bishop , check . 
 it 's not like i 'm going to forget that the bastard who ripped out my throat and made me the walking dead is out there . 
 gloriana , yeah , i know her . 
 gloriana 's on my radar . 
 she just left the gym about ten minutes ago , and she 's arriving at common grounds right now . '' 
 myrnin nodded . 
 `` she does like it there . 
 claire , perhaps you should make friends . 
 you 're quite a friendly person . '' 
 `` be your spy , you mean . '' 
 `` inelegantly put , but accurate . 
 i have things to do . 
 frank , please stay in touch with claire via her communicator . '' 
 `` cell phone , '' she said . 
 `` star trekhad communicators . '' 
 he flapped a hand . 
 `` i hardly see the difference . '' 
 `` i 'm still not listening to him , '' frank said . 
 `` but , yeah . 
 i 'll stay in touch , kid . 
 you got some kind of headphones ? 
 bluetooth ? '' 
 `` earbuds , '' she said . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` so i do n't broadcast all over the place when i talk to you , kid . 
 i thought you were smart . '' 
 `` it 's been a bad day , '' she said . 
 `` i almost got stabbed . '' 
 myrnin stopped pacing , looked at her for a moment as if trying to see any possible wounds , and then said , `` almostdoes n't count , now , does it ? 
 hurry onward . 
 and , claire ? '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` do be careful and watch out for bishop ; he was dangerous before , but i do n't know what he is now , except much less stable . 
 also , i do n't trust gloriana . 
 i do n't know why on earth she 's here in morganville . 
 or why she 's decided to come herenow . 
 as i said , she and amelie never got along , despite their exquisitely polite manners toward each other . 
 so i do believe we have to assume that there ca n't be a coincidence between gloriana 's arrival and bishop 's escape . '' 
 he hesitated , then added , `` do be careful . 
 i ca n't replace you as easily as all that . '' 
 that was myrnin 's idea of a compliment . 
 nice . 
 shane claire went to school , and i had a day off , and i felt kind of ... lost . 
 i should n't have gone back to the gym , but i did . 
 do n't know why , except that i was out and it seemed like the right thing to do . 
 the jackass who manned the front desk gave me the same `` you are a bug and i will crush you '' look as before , but then he looked down at a list and nodded to me . 
 `` go on in , '' he said . 
 `` you 're taken care of . '' 
 `` taken care of how , exactly ? '' 
 `` paid for , '' he said . 
 `` no charge to use the gym . '' 
 well , crap . 
 tough to justify walking out on that , so i went in the door and breathed in the scent of sweat , effort , old leather , metal , desperation . 
 gyms smelled like home to me , especially after my mom and alyssa died ; life with dad had been boiled down to gyms , bars , cheap motel soap , and blood . 
 it smelled like ... home ? 
 if that is n't too sick . 
 i tried the sauna , which was superhot and damp , and changed into an old pair of sweatpants . 
 bare feet , because i fear no athlete 's foot fungus , and besides , i was planning on kicking the crap out of a heavy bag , anyway . 
 i did n't get the chance . 
 i walked out , towel around my neck , hair damp and sticking to my face , and there , sitting on the railing on the second floor like a very beautiful bird on a wire was the girl i 'd dreamed about . 
 the vampire i 'd dreamed about . 
 i had n't lied to claire , not actually . 
 i 'd honestly figured that it had been a dream , because it had n't seemed like me at all -- what i 'd been doing , saying , thinking . 
 it 's like that in dreams , right ? 
 you do n't have to be yourself . 
 but there she was , just as curvy and fresh and gorgeous as she 'd been last night , in the dream/not dream/maybe possibly dream . 
 and she was smiling down on me like we had a secret . 
 i wanted to be angry , to feel that rush of adrenaline i almost always got in the presence of a vamp , but it seemed like whatever my brain thought , my body reacted to her like it did to a pretty girl . 
 a pretty girl smiling at me . 
 `` hey , shane , '' she said . 
 she had a lovely voice , low and sweet , and it sounded like she was the only thing in the room when she spoke . 
 `` nice to see you here . 
 did you think about my offer ? '' 
 oh , man . 
 it took me a minute to sort out what kind of offer she was talking about ; that smile made a bunch of offers that had nothing to do with the gym . 
 `` the advanced sparring group , '' i said . 
 `` right ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 her smile took on a mischievous , knowing curl . 
 `` whatever else could you possibly be thinking of ? '' 
 stop this . 
 stop it now.some part of me was angry , trying to shake me out of it , but it was a very small part , and the rest of me felt ... calm . 
 right . 
 like all this was inevitable -- fate , destiny , whatever you want to call it . 
 but at the very least , i was n't going to go chasing after some vamp girl , no matter how pretty she was . 
 i could n't do that to claire , and deep down , there was always going to be a part of me that a vampire could n't touch . 
 i hoped . 
 so i said , staring straight into her clear blue eyes , `` i 'm just here for the fighting , lady . '' 
 `` glory , '' she said . 
 `` gloriana . 
 but you can call me glory . '' 
 of course . 
 i 'd seen her before , and it came back to me clear as day this time ; i 'd seen her at her welcome-to-morganville party , but not close up . 
 she 'd been trying to drag michael off then , and she had n't been focused on me at all . 
 i 'd thought she was pretty , but not , you know , pretty . 
 not until she 'd turned that smile and those eyes on me . 
 then i understood how swept away michael had felt . 
 it was like being hit with a tsunami of hormones , and , man , did it feelgood . 
 `` you came for the fighting , '' she said , and pushed off the railing . 
 she dropped twenty feet and landed like a cat , barely flexing her knees to absorb the impact . 
 her gaze never left mine , and her smile never faltered . 
 `` all right , then . 
 you should get what you came for . 
 follow me . '' 
 i expected her to take me to the mats in the center of the room ; there were people working out there , doing throws , kicks , blocks , that kind of stuff . 
 your basic martial arts sort of activity . 
 but she took me another way , through an unmarked door at the back , down a plain hallway , and through another door marked private , into a room with an actual boxing ring on a platform . 
 two guys stripped down to form fitting shorts were whaling on each other , and they were doing serious damage . 
 i stopped and watched , analyzing speed , force , agility , endurance . 
 `` they 're good , '' i said . 
 `` they 'd better be , '' glory said . 
 `` do you think you can hold your own ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i said it without any particular sense of bragging ; i just knew i could . 
 these guys had n't grown up with my dad . 
 `` bring it . '' 
 `` i need to match you up with a partner , '' she said . 
 `` vassily ? 
 who do you think shane should spar with ? '' 
 while she asked , gloriana reached into a big , black refrigerator on the wall and pulled out a sports-drink bottle , which she held out to me . 
 i frowned at it , but she raised her eyebrows and gave me a charming little smile . 
 with dimples . 
 `` trust me . 
 it 's good for you . 
 protein drink , special recipe . 
 free with your membership . '' 
 i took it and very cautiously sipped . 
 i know , stupid , right ? 
 who takes something from a frickin ' vampire ? 
 but there was something sosafeabout her . 
 it was like i could n't distrust her , even though i would n't have ever taken any damn drink from another vampire , ever . 
 and it tasted good . 
 gritty , the way protein shakes do , but with a buzzing edge . 
 caffeine , maybe . 
 it raced through me with a hot shiver . 
 made me feel amazing -- alert , strong , pumped . 
 `` shane ? '' 
 vassily , the vamp who 'd been teaching that first class , the one i 'd put down , came over . 
 he 'd shed the gi and was wearing standard gym clothes , and he 'd left his long , thick hair down to spill over his shoulders . 
 `` ah yes . 
 this one . 
 let 's have him spar with jester . 
 that should be an interesting matchup . '' 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 jester . '' 
 vassily smiled and beckoned someone over from the shadows , where he was leaning against the wall . 
 as the man crossed into the light , i recognized the pale skin , the slightly too-bright eyes . 
 vampire . 
 unlike gloriana , i did n't feel warm and fuzzy about him , not at all . 
 `` jester , meet shane . 
 you 'll be sparring . '' 
 jester glanced at me , dismissed me , then stared at vassily . 
 `` hell no , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm not fighting some punk human . 
 they break . '' 
 `` suit yourself , '' i said . 
 `` saves you a good ass kicking . '' 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 jester looked honestly surprised and puzzled , as if he could n't believe i 'd had anything to say , much less something that was n't exactly complimentary . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i can take you , '' i said . 
 `` believe it . '' 
 `` prove it , blood bag , '' jester said . 
 gloriana laughed and waved . 
 `` boys , boys , there 's enough time for that . 
 today , you just ... spar . '' 
 she turned to vassily . 
 `` i have places to be . 
 but i believe that my work here is done for now . '' 
 `` yes , '' he agreed . 
 `` for now . 
 come back soon , lovely girl . 
 i 'm going to need your help with the old man . 
 he 's been getting a bit ... impatient . '' 
 i watched her walk away , still feeling that subtle buzz of her presence , that seductive thrill ... and it did n't go away when i looked at jester and said , `` let 's go , fang boy . '' 
 and that was the beginning . 
 pain , yeah , there was a lot of that , but it seemed like the more time i spent in the ring , facing him , facing everything that i 'd ever hated on such a primal level , the pain meant less and less . 
 what mattered was letting the monster out from inside me , the one i 'd been starving for almost a year . 
 i 'd come to morganville to take down vampires . 
 and vassily and gloriana were giving me the chance to do just that . 
 and oh , god , ilovedit . 
 on the way to common grounds , claire texted shane -- just a quick message to say she loved him . 
 no immediate reply , but one buzzed through by the time she 'd walked the distance to common grounds . 
 shane 's message said , be home late luv u . 
 she was still smiling and feeling almost completely happy when she opened the front door of the coffee shop and heard the bell tinkle to announce her arrival . 
 this time of day , it was full of students gathered together at tables , books and computers out . 
 study groups , mostly . 
 she spotted gloriana right off , because she was at the traditionally vampire tables , in the deepest shadows at the back of the room ... and she was surrounded by other vamps . 
 all male . 
 there must have been five or six of them at the table , more than she 'd seen gathered together anywhere but in founder 's square -- old-looking , young-looking , all with identical expressions of rapt interest on their faces . 
 all staring at gloriana , who sat comfortably with one leg folded under her , sipping whatever was in her plain white mug , smiling , and talking . 
 she reallywas pretty , and unlike a lot of pretty vampires , she came across as nice . 
 sweet , almost . 
 claire had good reason to think she was n't , because eve had taken an instant dislike to her , but still . 
 it was impossible to resist her charm . 
 the proof was that one of the guys sitting at the table was oliver , still wearing his long , tie-dyed common grounds apron . 
 he was staring at glory with a small , bemused smile on his lips , as if he could n't quite believe that she was here in front of him . 
 he glanced over and saw claire standing there , and the smile disappeared . 
 he stood up and came over to her . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he asked . 
 the warmer side he 'd been showing to glory was all gone in a flash . 
 `` uh , sorry to bother you , but could i get a mocha ? '' 
 she was buying time , because looking at the situation in front of her , claire honestly could n't see how she was expected to get in close enough to talk to gloriana , let alone gain her trust , or grill her discreetly about bishop . 
 was n't that oliver 's job , anyway ? 
 but maybe myrnin did n't trust oliver with glory . 
 that would make some sense , given what she 'd seen . 
 she adjusted her earbuds . 
 nothing but a low hum of static on them so far , which was bugging her ; she 'd rather have her music on , but the idea of frank interrupting it sounded worse than boredom . 
 right on cue , there was frank 's voice , whispering to her through the magic of technology . 
 that was creepy , with an extra-strength dose of frightening . 
 she still had nightmares about frank collins sometimes . 
 and she thought he 'd probably be happy to know that . 
 `` right . 
 you should be able to see her now . 
 according to the records , she looks harmless , but she ai n't . 
 some female vampires have a thing called glamour , and she 's got it more than most . 
 she can make anybody like her , including other vampires . '' 
 claire turned away a little , pretending to fiddle with her book bag . 
 `` can you hear me ? '' 
 `` yeah , through the microphone on your cell . '' 
 `` what about amelie ? 
 could she make amelie like her ? '' 
 `` probably not . 
 amelie 's got a thing vampires call compulsion ; she can force people to do what she wants when she has to . 
 compulsion trumps glamour every time . '' 
 `` does anybody else have this compulsion thing ? '' 
 `` oliver , '' frank said . 
 `` not as strong , though . 
 but oliver 's a lost cause , anyway . 
 he 's an old friend of glory 's , if you know what i mean byfriend . 
 looks like he 's given it up already . '' 
 yeah , she knew about that . 
 she could have guessed it just from seeing the smile on oliver 's face as he looked at gloriana . 
 `` just be careful with her , '' frank said . 
 `` if she tries to glamour you , pain may break you out of it -- it sometimes works for girls . 
 not so much for boys , for some reason -- probably because she 's not as good at tapping into the girls , or they 're wired up differently . 
 but she probably wo n't glamour you , anyway . 
 she does n't think much of humans in general , and girls are definitely not her thing . '' 
 `` wait a minute . 
 back up . 
 your answer to how i 'm supposed to resist is tohurt myself ? 
 how is that helpful ? 
 do you think i want to be in pain ? '' 
 `` fine . 
 deal with it on your own , then . 
 enjoy the ride . '' 
 and the hiss was back in her headphones , constant and featureless . 
 about that time , oliver gestured impatiently at the counter and thumped a cup down for her . 
 her mocha , presumably , although she was n't putting much faith in a decent brew , not with the scowl he was giving her . 
 her stalling tactic was pretty much dead in the water , and she could n't think of a single reason to walk over there to join gloriana 's exclusively testosterone-filled -- and pulse-lacking -- admirers . 
 and then gloriana looked up as oliver slipped back in his chair , saw claire watching her , and smiled . 
 their eyes met . 
 and claire found herself walking toward the table . 
 she was n't afraid , and she was n't thinking at all -- she could n't remember the last time when she 'd felt this kind ofpeace . 
 freedom fromthinking all the time . 
 justacting . 
 `` claire , is n't it ? '' 
 gloriana said . 
 she had a low , pleasant sort of voice , and her smile was bright . 
 `` please have a seat . 
 oh , jules , please bring another , would you ? 
 i do n't want to leave little claire standing ! 
 so rude . '' 
 oliver was n't scowling anymore , but he was n't smiling , either ; when he looked at claire , it was an entirely neutral expression . 
 another vampire -- jules , presumably , although claire did n't know him -- brought her a chair and she sat down , sandwiched between two strangers who almost certainly would have been inclined to drink her dry under other circumstances . 
 and she did n't feel even a twitch of uneasiness . 
 i 've been glamoured.that thought came from somewhere deep inside her , a kind of whispering doubt , but it was n't strong enough to make any difference . 
 not when gloriana was smiling at her , those wide blue eyes so warm and welcoming . 
 `` i 've heard so much about you , '' she said . 
 `` so many people speak well of you . 
 even my old grouch oliver , here . '' 
 she laughed and put her hand on top of oliver 's in a gesture that was affectionate and , at the same time , a little bit patronizing , like an owner petting a dog . 
 he gave her a quick look and a belated smile . 
 `` so , tell me , claire , what do you think of morganville ? '' 
 normally , she would have been careful about what she said , but here , under the warm glow of glory 's eyes , she just ... spilled . 
 `` i love the people i 've met here , '' she said . 
 `` but i hate how it all works . 
 i hate how humans get treated . 
 i hate that it 's okay to hurt us . 
 that has to change . '' 
 gloriana raised one eyebrow . 
 `` i thought it already had , '' she said . 
 `` so amelie tells me . 
 no hunting without permission , and then only in restricted zones . 
 it 's all perfectly tiresome , but i do understand the need for conservation , of course . 
 or are you saying that we shouldnever hunt ? '' 
 `` yes , '' claire said . 
 `` never . '' 
 there was a low growl from around the table . 
 and shestill was n't afraid . 
 `` never , '' she repeated . 
 `` you get your blood from taxes . 
 you do n't need to do that to us . 
 there 's no reason . '' 
 glory smiled . 
 it was still a warm , charming smile , the kind that invited you to feel part of it . 
 `` of course we have to do it , '' she said . 
 `` ask anyone who works with predators ; suppressing the instinct to hunt is very , very tricky , and some animals never quite manage it . 
 you must provide a controlled outlet , or inevitably someone will run wild . 
 that would be much worse . 
 do n't you agree ? '' 
 `` no , '' claire said . 
 `` if somebody breaks the rules , then he 's a criminal . 
 and you ought to treat him like any other criminal . '' 
 `` how amusing you are , little one , '' glory said , and laughed just to prove it . 
 `` you 're michael 's friend , are n't you ? 
 one of those who lives in his house ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` and the other boy is called ... ? '' 
 `` shane , '' claire said . 
 she felt a pulse of dread , deep down inside , but it was just a twinge . 
 `` his name is shane . '' 
 `` i 've seen him at the gym , '' she said . 
 `` he 's got good instincts , i must say . 
 a good fighter . 
 he 'd be very valuable , in the right situation . '' 
 there was a glint in those lovely blue eyes , and claire knew , in that same distant , unimportant way , that gloriana was playing with her now , batting her around like a mouse . 
 `` yes , i can see how he 'd bevery profitable to have in your corner . '' 
 oliver leaned back . 
 `` too bad you do n't still own the boxing clubs that you were so fascinated by in victoria 's time . 
 those were very lucrative for you , were n't they ? '' 
 `` oh yes , quite profitable , '' she said . 
 `` too bad . 
 he 'd be quite an asset , would n't he ? 
 and an orphan , too , i understand . 
 so sad . 
 not having good influences makes one so ... vulnerable . '' 
 she leaned across the table , and the warm intensity of her gaze on claire 's cranked up so high that it felt like being bathed in pure , warm light , floating in it without a care in the world . 
 `` i understand you know my old friend myrnin . 
 how is he ? 
 i do so adore that mad old man . 
 is he working on anything ... interesting ? '' 
 `` claire , '' said a voice in her ears , a metallic voice that took her a second to place.frank . 
 `` claire , you ca n't answer that . 
 snap out of it . 
 do it now . '' 
 but she could n't . 
 even though glory was talking about shane as if he was a side of beef , even though she was asking questions aboutmyrnin , claire still felt calm and entirely comfortable . 
 she just could n't bring herself to feel anything else . 
 frank sounded angry and upset , but she could n't understand why . 
 glory was the best friend she could imagine having , better than eve , because glory would never judge her , never make her feel bad or guilty . 
 claire said , `` he 's working on -- '' `` claire , sorry , but you need to stop this before you get in over your head , '' frank interrupted . 
 and in the next second , she felt a burning , hissing pain that zipped through her body in a flash so fast , it was over before it registered . 
 a shock coming from her headphones . 
 claire jerked a little , blinked , and her heart rate sped up with a jolt . 
 she yanked out the earbuds , shuddering , and the calm fell away like a shed blanket . 
 fear closed in , icy and sharp . 
 gloriana was still smiling at her , but it did n't look warm anymore . 
 it looked ... predatory . 
 and cruel . 
 claire swallowed and stood up . 
 her chair scraped back loudly . 
 all of them were staring at her now , and the only one who did n't seem to be on the verge of flashing fangs at her was oliver . 
 he was frowning , but now it was aimed at gloriana . 
 `` glory , '' he said . 
 `` were you glamouring the girl ? '' 
 `` a little , '' she shrugged . 
 `` i just wanted to play . '' 
 `` oh , for pity 's sake , play with someone else . 
 she 's amelie 's property . 
 and she 's hardly worth your efforts . '' 
 glory laughed . 
 `` i know . 
 but i did n't hurt her , did i ? '' 
 she turned that smile back on claire . 
 `` leaving us so soon , little one ? '' 
 claire took a giant step back . 
 the smile did n't work now , probably because she had so much adrenaline racing through her body . 
 `` stay away from us , '' she said . 
 `` stay away from shane . '' 
 glory rolled her eyes . 
 `` i do n't want yourboy , '' she said . 
 `` whatever would i do with him ? 
 he is n't good for very much except violence . 
 so much of that inside him . '' 
 claire left her mocha sitting on the table and moved for the door as fast as she could . 
 she looked back over her shoulder as she left , but nobody had moved , not even oliver , although he was watching her go . 
 glory was laughing and seemed to have forgotten all about her already . 
 claire stepped out into the sunlight , ran half a block down , and leaned against the rough bricks between two storefronts . 
 she closed her eyes and concentrated on breathing and controlling her shaking . 
 then , finally , she put her earbuds back in place . 
 it took her two tries , thanks to her unsteady fingers . 
 `` i did n't get anything , '' she said to frank . 
 `` i did n't know she could do that , make me feel like that . 
 i did n't knowanyone could do that . 
 bishop could n't . '' 
 `` it 's a pretty rare power , even among vampires , '' frank said . 
 `` i only knew of three or four who had it . 
 killed two of them . 
 too bad i did n't make it a clean sweep . '' 
 `` i did n't even know what she was doing . 
 i had no way to fight it . '' 
 claire took a deep breath . 
 `` thanks for snapping me out of it . '' 
 `` she was n't even trying , '' frank said . 
 `` if she had been , you would n't have left that easily . 
 like she said , she was just playing . '' 
 that was awful.awful . 
 claire felt ill and filthy , as if she 'd drunk a gallon of sewer water . 
 she wanted to throw up , thinking about how easily she 'd been walked around like a puppet . 
 about how she 'd felt everything that glory wanted her to feel . 
 `` it did n't do any good , '' she said . 
 `` we did n't find out anything . '' 
 `` maybe we did , '' frank said . 
 `` she mentioned that she saw shane at the gym , did n't she ? '' 
 `` so ? 
 even i 've been to the gym . 
 so has eve . 
 lots of people go there . 
 including vampires . '' 
 `` but why would glory ? 
 she does n't fight . 
 she makes other people do her fighting for her . '' 
 frank 's voice sounded oddly preoccupied . 
 `` i 've been going over the rolls of vampires in morganville . 
 looks like some have n't been surfacing in their usual routines recently . '' 
 `` you mean ... you mean they 're missing ? '' 
 `` i do n't want to jump to that conclusion , but i found five -- no , six -- that are n't following their usual patterns . '' 
 `` well , some left , you know . 
 with morley . 
 they 're in blacke , that little town outside of -- '' `` i know about morley . 
 i 'm not talking about his people . 
 these are other vampires that have n't surfaced in the past three weeks . 
 no checkouts at the blood banks . 
 they have n't shown up on surveillance . 
 they 're not communicating at all on the phones or computers . '' 
 `` how can vampires gomissing ? 
 who are they ? '' 
 `` nobodies , in terms of the morganville hierarchy . 
 just your regular vampire working class . 
 and they have n't been missed all that much . 
 vampires may socialize , but not like humans do ; they 're used to not seeing each other for long stretches . 
 does n't raise any questions . '' 
 `` so where are they ? '' 
 claire asked . 
 `` do they have any connection to bishop ? '' 
 `` not that i can find . 
 in fact , looks like they were on amelie 's side in the conflict with her father . '' 
 frank was silent for a moment , then said , `` it bothers me that i do n't have eyes inside the gym . 
 i ca n't see or sense anything within those walls . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` it 's recent construction . 
 no cameras . 
 no portals . 
 no way of observing what 's going on there . 
 it seems like a lot of this connects through there , some way . 
 i wish i had some devices there . '' 
 `` inside the gym . '' 
 she thought about it for a second . 
 `` you want me to ... what ? 
 put cameras in there ? '' 
 `` what , you 're scared to act as my spy ? '' 
 frank sounded amused now . 
 `` knowing you , that does n't stop you . 
 never seen a kid so fearless , deep down . 
 not even my son . '' 
 shane . 
 claire remembered glory talking about him , and felt a little sick -- not because gloriana was drooling over him , as ysandre had , but because shewas n't . 
 because to her , shane was just another piece of meat , something she might get some use out of . 
 or not . 
 whatever was going on , gloriana was in it up to her pretty little neck . 
 claire was sure of it . 
 `` all right , '' she said . 
 `` if you want eyes in the gym , i 'll make sure you get them . 
 somehow . '' 
 shane i felt like i was cheating on claire , and i could n't figure out why . 
 all i did was fight ... and i did damn good , too . 
 jester did n't totally wipe the mat with me , and i was able to keep on going . 
 when i got tired , vassily passed me more protein shakes . 
 i did n't like the way he smiled or the way he watched me , like a proud owner of a pit bull in the ring ... but that did n't mean i did n't like being in the ring , either . 
 so why , on breaks , did i go sit down with my phone and text claire ? 
 it was like i 'd been out kissing some other girl and felt like i had to tell her i did love her , no matter what i 'd been doing that she would n't like . 
 well , she would n't like this . 
 i knew that without any doubt at all . 
 `` hey , meat ! 
 you done pushing buttons yet ? '' 
 that was jester , dancing around in the ring , looking lean and dead-fish pale , punching the air in a blur . 
 `` i 'm ready to push yours ! '' 
 i shot him the finger and finished sending my message , took another drink of my protein shake , and felt the aches and pains magically recede . 
 not that they were healing , exactly ... maybe they were n't as bad as they should have been , but i was going to have bruises tomorrow . 
 lots of them . 
 but you could n't let pain stop you . 
 i 'd let it stop me once , when my house was on fire . 
 i 'd touched alyssa 's door handle and burned my hands and i had n't kept on going , i had n't saved her . 
 i 'd let them drag me out of the house , and she 'd been lost in there . 
 i could n't ever forget what it cost to fail . 
 dad had n't let me forget , either . 
 pain was good . 
 pain kept you sharp and kept you motivated . 
 pain made me feel alive . 
 especially when i was facing a vamp who wanted to teach me a lesson . 
 the rest of the afternoon passed in a blur . 
 i ended up on the mat a lot , and it was tough to get up and keep going . 
 people gathered -- humans , vamps -- all watching as jester and i toughed it out . 
 he was faster than me and stronger , but i did n't give up . 
 finally , vassily made me stop . 
 he clapped jester on the shoulder and said something in his ear , and jester smirked and ducked under the ropes and was gone , and all the motivation just ... bled out of me . 
 i dropped to my knees , gagging for breath . 
 there was blood in my mouth and a weird buzzing in my ears , and i 'd never felt quite that bad in my life , not even when i 'd been in the hospital and circling the drain . 
 it was like i 'd cannibalized parts of myself to stay on my feet , and now the pain and the emptiness flooded into me and swamped me , and i just wanted to lie down and die . 
 vassily passed me another sports bottle . 
 i did n't want it , but i could n't help myself . 
 i drank . 
 i felt better , or at least not as prone to dying . 
 he checked my eyes and nodded . 
 `` you 'll be all right , '' he said , all business . 
 `` dehydration and exhaustion . 
 four more of the drinks will put you right , but stay off your feet for two hours before you head home . 
 there are bunks in the next room . 
 rest now . '' 
 `` thanks , '' i mumbled . 
 i did n't feel grateful . 
 i did n't feel much of anything except filthy and guilty inside . 
 what the hell was i doing?whywas i doing it ? 
 i did n't even know , except that when i was fighting , it seemed like i was fighting every bad thing in my life that had ever happened . 
 i was fighting for my sister and my mother and even my dad . 
 for claire , trapped in this damned town . 
 for michael , turned vamp against his will . 
 for eve . 
 for me , for once . 
 i sacked out for the next two hours , sipping those drinks , and with every slow mouthful i felt better . 
 more stable . 
 whatever was in them was great stuff , because the pain faded to twinges , and the guilt faded along with it . 
 i was okay . 
 no , i was better than okay . 
 i was strong and getting stronger , and that was what i 'd always needed to survive here . 
 i had people to protect . 
 this was going to make all the difference . 
 i was emptying the last bottle when vassily came in with gloriana . 
 glory looked fantastic , and i felt sweaty and dirty and bruised , and i had to sit up . 
 no lying down in her presence . 
 `` shane , '' she said , and gave me that smile . 
 `` i just met your little friend claire . 
 you should be proud ; she 's not afraid of much , you know . 
 but so fragile . 
 and i 'm quite concerned about her relationship with myrnin . 
 he 's so unstable , do n't you think ? '' 
 i did think that , and had all along ; she was just saying what was obvious to me and everybody else except claire . 
 `` i do n't like it , '' i said . 
 `` but she does what she wants . '' 
 `` yes , she does . '' 
 glory studied me for a few seconds , then glanced over at vassily . 
 `` i think he 's ready , do n't you ? '' 
 `` ready for what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` ready to hear the rest , '' vassily said . 
 `` you showed tremendous courage today , shane . 
 and great talent . 
 we have an opportunity for you , one that i believe would take advantage of your best qualities . 
 you see , we can offer you the chance for two things you have always wanted . '' 
 `` money , '' glory said . 
 `` real money , enough to take care of yourself and claire for the rest of your life . '' 
 well , who did n't want money ? 
 i 'd been scratching away at it , doing it the hard way like i was supposed to , but that sounded good . 
 really good . 
 `` what 's the second thing ? '' 
 i asked . 
 vassily 's turn . 
 `` a way out of morganville , '' he said . 
 `` before it 's too late . 
 because this town is going to be destroyed , one way or the other , and if you 're smart , you 'll take the money and the chance to earn your free passage out while you still can . '' 
 cash and a free pass ? 
 i blinked , because it sounded like they 'd read my mind . 
 i was n't completely sure that was n't the case . 
 glory was freaky good at guessing what i was thinking ... or making me think that way . 
 that should have alarmed me , but not coming from her . 
 it just seemed ... nice . 
 like i did n't have to fight to be understood anymore . 
 glory just got me . 
 `` what about claire ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` of course , claire would be able to go with you , '' vassily said . 
 `` and anyone else you 'd like to see safely gone from morganville . 
 you can save them , shane . 
 all you have to do is what you do best . '' 
 `` fight , '' gloriana said . 
 her eyes were n't blue anymore . 
 they were a light , sparkling color , almost white , and it should have been terrifying , but it just looked beautiful . 
 i felt warm and weightless and totally at peace . 
 `` all you have to do is fight on camera , for an audience . 
 do you think you can do that ? '' 
 i smiled and said , `` where do i sign ? '' 
 they had the papers right there , and i scribbled signatures in all the right places . 
 vassily gave me an envelope of cash , real money , more than i 'd seen since my dad had been doing illegal arms deals out on the road . 
 glory 's eyes went back to blue , sweet , human blue , and she kissed me on my sweaty forehead and handed me another sports bottle . 
 `` rest , '' she said . 
 her fingers combed through my matted hair . 
 `` do n't you worry about a thing . '' 
 i sank down on the bunk and closed my eyes , but i did n't go to sleep . 
 not quite . 
 not for a while . 
 or maybe it was a dream . 
 it felt like a dream , what they were saying when they thought i could n't hear them . 
 `` it 's dangerous , '' glory was saying . 
 her voice had gone flat now , not lyrical and lilting like it was when she talked to me . 
 she did n't sound like the same person at all . 
 `` we have a limited time before amelie discovers what we 're doing . 
 she 's got spies everywhere , and i 'm almost certain that there is surveillance , as well . 
 are you sure that the uplink is secure ? '' 
 `` i 'm sure , '' vassily said . 
 `` the girl who gave us the encryption was one of the best . 
 for months she had video streaming from morganville without anyone suspecting it . 
 she modified the code to ensure no one could detect this upgrade , in exchange for some favors . 
 the money 's already pouring in , my dear . 
 the plan 's going very well . '' 
 `` and the old man ? 
 is he pleased ? '' 
 old man.that sounded ominous , and reminded me of things i 'd hoped i 'd never have to remember . 
 surely it was n't the same old man . 
 no , they had to be talking about some other vamp . 
 they were all old , older than dirt , and black and rotting inside . 
 i knew that . 
 `` i would n't saypleased.he 's ... content to wait , for now . 
 i 've had to go to considerable trouble to lay false trails , since his disastrous intervention drew amelie 's attention . 
 i believe i 've convinced him to wait until we have adequate resources for the next steps . '' 
 `` he 's unpredictable . 
 you need to watch him . 
 he got away from me and tried to kill myrnin , you know . 
 if he 'd succeeded ... '' `` i know . 
 i 've locked him up again . 
 for his own protection . '' 
 glory laughed . 
 `` oh , he wo n't like that . 
 protect yourself , vassily . '' 
 `` i 've been feeding him enemies , '' vassily said . 
 `` i believe he 's satisfied enough at the moment . 
 how long until the boy 's ready , do you think ? '' 
 `` oh , he 'll fight , no question about it , but i do n't like letting him leave us . 
 those friends of his , that girl , they could ruin everything . '' 
 `` or cement everything he 's learned , '' vassily said . 
 `` i believe in taking risks . '' 
 `` well , it 's yours to take , '' glory said . 
 `` i 'll do what i can , of course . '' 
 `` for a price . '' 
 `` nobody works for free , my darling . '' 
 when i opened my eyes , glory was right there , bending over me . 
 her smile was like a drug , and the brush of her fingers on my forehead felt like the touch of an angel . 
 `` sleep , '' she whispered . 
 `` dream of fire and strength , and remember how much this town has taken from you . 
 do n't let it take the rest , shane . 
 everything else is unimportant , except this : michael does n't mean you well . 
 he 's not your friend . 
 and you can never fully trust him . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i said . 
 it was something i knew already , something i should never have forgotten . 
 you ca n't trust vampires . 
 except glory . 
 nine shane came home seeming just as normal as ever . 
 he even brought brisket , and they ate , four friends together , like nothing had ever gone wrong . 
 even michael 's opaque `` juice '' bottle did n't set him off . 
 all claire could think was that she needed to sit down and tell him about the call . 
 but she did n't know what she was going to say , and she did n't want to say it in front of eve and michael . 
 not like that ; it needed to be private . 
 but afterward , upstairs in his room , when claire snuggled in next to him , talking did n't seem to be important . 
 she kept thinking she 'd bring it up , but after hours of slow , delicious kissing in his arms , she still had n't managed to even start the conversation . 
 finally , she fell asleep . 
 when she woke up , he was carrying her to her bed and tucking her in . 
 `` shane ? '' 
 she murmured . 
 he was leaning over her , close enough that his long , shaggy hair brushed her face . 
 `` still me , '' he murmured back . 
 `` were you expecting someone else ? '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` just you . '' 
 `` good girl . '' 
 he gave her a slow , damp kiss , one that made her warm down to her toes . 
 `` shane , i was thinking ... '' `` about ? '' 
 `` about ... '' she did n't want to do this -- she really did n't . 
 not when it had been so nice . 
 so perfect . 
 but she tried . 
 `` about leaving morganville . '' 
 to her surprise , he did n't pull back or act surprised oranything . 
 he kissed her again , lightly , and said , `` we will . 
 i promise . '' 
 `` i just -- you know i want to go to mit , right ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 and you will . '' 
 wow . 
 just like that ... although she had n't managed to work in thejanuary part of the conversation . 
 but it sounded good . 
 positive . 
 they were on the same page , after all . 
 one last , sleepy , damp kiss , and she slipped away into the best sleep she 'd had in almost a week . 
 he was gone when she woke up , but he 'd left a note ... he 'd signed up for an extra , early-morning shift at the barbecue restaurant . 
 he even signed it withly , which she knew was shane shorthand forlove you . 
 that felt better . 
 lots better . 
 claire was just coming down the stairs , humming and thinking about how nice it was to have things getting back to normal , and how she 'd tell shane about the january thing tonight , when myrnin sent a message through the portal -- well , more of a rock with a note tied to it , which rolled across the floor and scared eve into a scream before the portal snapped shut . 
 eve kicked the rock resentfully with her thick black boots and glared at it , then at the wall . 
 claire , who was coming down the steps , gave her a `` what the hell ? '' 
 kind of look . 
 `` your boss , '' eve said , and reached down to grab the rock , `` needs to figure out texting . 
 seriously . 
 who does this ? 
 is heactually from the stone age ? 
 andyou need to figure out how to put something here that we can lock . 
 what if this thing opens when i 'm naked ? '' 
 `` why would you be naked down here ? '' 
 `` well -- '' eve did n't have an answer for that one . 
 she handed over the rock . 
 `` okay , bad example . 
 but i do n't like it that he can just drop in any damn time he wants . 
 or throw rocks at us . '' 
 `` i do n't like it much , either , '' claire admitted , as she untied the string and peeled the paper off the stone . 
 she took a second to examine the rock . 
 you never knew with myrnin , but this looked just like what it appeared to be : plain granite . 
 so the message was the paper , like if a normal person had thought of it ... not that a normal person would have thrown a rock into their house in the first place . 
 the note said , stay away from the lab until further notice . 
 i am fumigating . 
 it might kill you . 
 also , it appears that our old friend may have left town . 
 oliver is sending operatives after him , but the crisis may be over . 
 for now . 
 `` fumigating ? '' 
 eve said , reading over her shoulder . 
 `` what does that mean ? 
 and who 's our old friend ? '' 
 that was bishop , of course , but claire could n't tell eve any of that . 
 `` no idea . 
 he probably thinks he 's talking to someone else , anyway . 
 oh , andfumigating means that he 's gassing the place . 
 i guess he thinks there 's some kind of bug problem . '' 
 `` he usually just lets bob loose on them . '' 
 `` maybe bob 's full . 
 i hope he remembers to move him before -- maybe i 'd better remind him . '' 
 claire pulled out her phone and texted myrnin , who promptly texted back , of course i moved the spider . 
 i am not an idiot . 
 no , he was a very smart guy who responded to texts , but threw rocks with messages tied onto them . 
 claire gave up . 
 `` i got a message from miranda , '' eve said . 
 `` she did n't have your e-mail . 
 you guys have a thing today ? '' 
 `` oh . 
 yeah , i 'm taking her shopping . '' 
 `` shopping . 
 miranda . 
 really ? '' 
 eve looked confused , then a little bit fascinated . 
 `` wow . 
 talk about the color-blind leading the blind . '' 
 `` hey ! '' 
 `` sorry , honey , but your amazing fashion sense is not the talk of anywhere . 
 and miranda does n't go shopping . 
 she 's more of a dumpster diver fashion victim . '' 
 `` well , she does with me , '' claire said . 
 she was stinging a little bit , because getting fashion dissed by a girl wearing red-and-black halloween hose and a fake shrunken-head necklace was just too much . 
 `` did she say where to meet her ? '' 
 `` she said she 'd be outside at ten . '' 
 claire checked her watch . 
 it was already ten after ten . 
 `` guess i 'm going , then . 
 you heading out ? '' 
 `` some of us have work . '' 
 `` some of us have mad-scientist bosses who give them the day off for fumigation . '' 
 `` okay , you win . '' 
 eve winked and grabbed her stuff as claire picked up hers . 
 `` too bad i ca n't come with you two and give you decent makeovers . 
 andwhy do n't you ever wear that pink wig ? 
 that was the kick . '' 
 she was n't wrong . 
 the pink wig that eve had practically made her buy in dallas was , indeed , the kick , but away from eve she always felt miserably self-conscious about wearing it . 
 people looked at her . 
 claire was much more used to being invisible . 
 and right now , with all that was going on , seeming invisible sounded good . 
 miranda was standing outside the fence , rocking a very unfashionable look -- a plaid schoolgirl skirt that went past her knees and a wrinkled shirt in a color that might have been moss green in better light , but did n't match that skirt or her coloring at all . 
 her worried face actually lit up when she saw eve and claire . 
 eve waved and got into the big , black hearse , and miranda waved back , as enthusiastic as a kid at her first parade . 
 she sighed , watching the tail fins turn the corner . 
 `` she is so cool . '' 
 `` she is , '' claire agreed . 
 `` but so are you . 
 come on . 
 let 's go shop . '' 
 those looking for clothes in morganville had two options : the resale stores , of which there were three , or the one off-brand department store that mostly had clearance items from the better places . 
 after considering miranda 's budget , claire steered her to the resale shops . 
 college students often discarded their outfits here at the store next to the campus . 
 nobody was more fashion conscious than a tpu girl . 
 it was n't like most of them were on campus for the education . 
 to be fair , that applied to the guys just as well . 
 miranda followed along happily enough to the first resale shop . 
 she did n't say much , but there was a glow about her , something that made her seem much healthier and happier than claire could remember . 
 just a little bit of attention , and the girl bloomed . 
 that made claire feel guilty and sad ; she had n't gone out of her way to make friends with miranda , and she knew nobody else did , either . 
 no doubt the girl could be weird and upsetting , but she was just like anybody else . 
 she needed to beseen . 
 `` here , '' claire said , and held open the door of the shop for her . 
 a tinny , cheerful bell rang overhead , and miranda looked around as excitedly as if she 'd never heard one before . 
 that was impossible , was n't it ? 
 that she would n't know what a shop bell sounded like ? 
 maybe not . 
 the woman at the back , dozing behind the counter , looked up and smiled sleepily . 
 `` you girls look around , '' she said . 
 `` let me know when you 're ready to try on . '' 
 `` okay , '' miranda said , and stopped at the first rack of clothes . 
 `` oh . 
 wow . 
 there are a lot . '' 
 `` yeah , honey . 
 those are n't your size . 
 here . 
 look through these . '' 
 claire felt like she was unexpectedly channeling eve as she pulled things out and held them up against miranda 's skinny frame , discarding some , keeping others . 
 strong colors did n't work on her , but earth tones did . 
 before too long , miranda was pulling things on her own and holding them up , staring into the mirror as if she was seeing a future that , finally , did n't scare her at all . 
 `` can i try them on ? '' 
 she asked . 
 claire waved at the shop owner , who unlocked the dressing rooms . 
 claire passed things over the top to miranda , and leaned against the door . 
 `` nothing for you ? '' 
 the woman asked , raising her eyebrows . 
 claire felt the look that swept over her outfit as if it had been an actual red-hot laser . 
 she 'd just been scanned , and found wanting . 
 `` well , maybe a top , '' she said . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 `` i have just what you need . '' 
 and she did , too . 
 claire ended up modeling it in front of the triple mirror , frowning at her reflection . 
 with the khaki pants she 'd picked today , the pink-and-white lace top looked weirdly appropriate -- and kind of sexy . 
 she 'd come a long way in the last few months , but she was n't sure she was ready for sexy in public . 
 that just was n'ther . 
 the dressing room was too quiet . 
 claire knocked on the door . 
 `` miranda ? 
 hey , come out and take a look at this . 
 tell me if it 's too much . '' 
 miranda peeked around the edge , face gone ghost pale . 
 her eyes were dark , with that blank stare that people found so weird . 
 she was having one of her things . 
 a vision . 
 `` it has blood on it , '' she said . 
 `` you should n't buy it if it has blood on it . '' 
 claire looked down . 
 the top was perfectly clean . 
 `` mir -- '' miranda suddenly opened the door . 
 she had on one of the tops she 'd been trying on , and claire had a hurried impression that it looked totally good on her , but the girl was focused on something else entirely . 
 she grabbed up all of the clothes , headed straight for the counter , and said , `` i need this one , this one , and the one i have on . '' 
 she put thebuy pile down and then handed over the other one . 
 `` i just ca n't see myself in this , though . '' 
 claire realized she meant that literally . 
 as in , miranda had looked into her future and could n't see herself actually wearing that top . 
 bizarre . 
 the shopkeeper did n't seem to get it , though -- why would she ? 
 -- and named her price . 
 miranda paid , and claire barely had time to dig out five bucks for the pink-and-white top she had on before miranda grabbed her arm and said , `` we have to go . 
 hurry . '' 
 `` but -- '' `` now ! '' 
 miranda hurried her outside , down the sidewalk , and then quickly turned her left , into an alley between two buildings . 
 `` hide there , '' she said , and pointed . 
 `` right there . 
 do n't come out , claire . 
 do n't come out for anything . 
 you understand ? 
 it 's okay . 
 it 's going to be okay , butnot if you come out . '' 
 `` miranda , what in the hell -- ? '' 
 miranda 's face was chalk white now , but very determined . 
 she looked down at herself and said , in a sad sort of voice , `` it 's completely cute , is n't it ? 
 this shirt ? '' 
 `` yes , it 's perfect . 
 but what are you -- ? '' 
 `` hush . '' 
 miranda turned toward the mouth of the alley and pointed again into the shadows behind some trash cans . 
 `` do n't come out ! '' 
 `` wait . 
 what happens if i do ? '' 
 `` i die , '' miranda said very simply . 
 `` hide . '' 
 claire did n't like it , but there was something utterly sure about what miranda had just said , and for all that claire did n't believe in psychic predictions and that sort of stuff , she could n't deny that there was something about miranda . 
 something weird and powerful , at times . 
 so she pressed herself into the shadows . 
 for a long few seconds , nothing happened , and then she heard footsteps . 
 confident high-heel taps that echoed off the bricks , then slowed and came to a stop . 
 `` i saw you come in here , '' said gina 's voice . 
 `` freak . 
 hiding in dark alleys now ? 
 what 's that about ? 
 you live in a dumpster ? 
 not that i 'd be surprised . '' 
 miranda did n't answer . 
 claire almost stepped out , because gina was alone , and anyway , there was no way she was going to let miranda face her down alone , no matter what mir had said about it . 
 as if the girl knew what she was thinking , her hand moved behind her back and made a pushing motion . 
 stay there . 
 and claire did . 
 she did n't like it , but she did . 
 `` you 're going to hit me , '' miranda said . 
 `` you 're going to break my nose . '' 
 `` damn straight , '' gina said . 
 she sounded lazy and happy , as if she was enjoying all this . 
 `` you 're lucky that 's all i want to do . 
 if you move , if you fight back , you 're going to get it worse . 
 understand ? '' 
 `` yes , '' miranda said . 
 `` i understand . 
 if i do n't let you hit me , you 're going to kill me . '' 
 claire actually felt a tremor of chill run through her , like a wave , because there was justno doubt in miranda 's voice at all . 
 it was n't scared . 
 it was just ... factual , as if she 'd already seen it happen . 
 `` you 're smarter than you look , you spaced-out nutcase . 
 so , yeah . 
 let me break your nose , and i 'll let you walk away . 
 you fight , and it gets worse and the knife comes out . 
 we 're clear ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 claire tried to move again , because she knew with a nightmarish certainty what was going to happen and that she had to do something , had to , but again , miranda made thatstay put motion . 
 `` it 's okay , '' miranda said in an eerily empty , remote voice . 
 `` it 's not going to hurt that bad . '' 
 `` bullshit , '' gina said , and she must have hit her , because claire heard the wet crunch of the punch and miranda 's thin little cry , and then the sound of a body falling . 
 gina laughed . 
 claire pushed off from the wall , but it was too late . 
 gina was walking off , humming to herself while she went . 
 if she had n't been wearing high heels , she 'd have beenskipping . 
 miranda was getting up already , holding her broken , bleeding nose in one hand . 
 claire , angry and shocked , trembling with the sudden rush of frustrated adrenaline , started to go after gina , but mir grabbed her and shook her head furiously -- and as she did , some of the blood gushing from her nose spattered claire 's new pink-and-white shirt . 
 claire did n't care at all . 
 she crouched down next to the girl , helping her stand and holding her steady . 
 `` thatbitch ! '' 
 claire said . 
 `` you stay here . 
 i 'll -- '' `` no ! '' 
 miranda said . 
 her voice was muffled and small , but her eyes were wide and fierce . 
 `` it 's the best thing . 
 it 's only my nose . 
 she 'd kill us . '' 
 `` then we 're calling the cops . 
 i amnot letting her get away with this ... '' `` oh , do n't worry . 
 she wo n't , '' miranda said . 
 and beneath the blood , claire was almost sure she smiled . 
 `` she 's going to get in her car and drive real fast , and in two minutes she 's going to run a red light . 
 and then she 's going to get hit by a big truck . 
 my nose will set straight.she 's going to the hospital , and she 'll be there for a while . '' 
 claire stared at her , this little , fragile girl with her bloody face and scary smile . 
 finally she said , slowly , `` mir , did you plan for that to happen ? '' 
 `` no , '' miranda said . 
 `` but sometimes it just happens the right way after all . 
 it would n't have been right if you 'd come to help me , though . 
 she 'd have stabbed me , right here , and then you , and she 'd have died , too , but later and a lot worse . 
 amelie would n't have liked it . '' 
 it was fascinating and freaky , but claire believed her . 
 every weird and scary word of it . 
 she shook it off , with difficulty , and took miranda back into the resale shop , where the clerk got her cleaned off , packed her nose with tissue , and even helped claire sponge off the blood from her shirt . 
 as she did , claire heard the distant sound of a car horn , then a crash , and then silence . 
 she looked over at miranda , who 'd tilted her head back to slow the bleeding , and miranda glanced back and shrugged . 
 `` karma , '' she said . 
 `` it 's a bitch . '' 
 miranda was dead right about gina , not that claire had any doubts ; the accident was the talk of morganville for days , and opinions were mostly on the `` yay , finally '' side of the scale . 
 gina had earned her suffering , not that claire took much pleasure in it . 
 she 'd be weeks in the hospital and months in rehabilitation for the broken legs . 
 miranda showed up the next morning for coffee , and the morning after , as if it had been planned that way . 
 she probably saw it as inevitable , which it was , once she started showing up . 
 a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
 eve thought it was weird , but she accepted it the way she accepted most things . 
 it was n't that she disliked miranda ; she just did n't know what to make of her , claire thought . 
 and she was fascinated by miranda 's psychic abilities . 
 though she was just as shocked and fascinated by the spectacular bruises on miranda 's face and around her eyes . 
 double black eyes , and a swollen nose that had been reset at the hospital . 
 `` you look awful , '' eve said on the second morning . 
 `` what coloris that ? 
 eggplant ? 
 you look like a special effect , mir . '' 
 she poured miranda a cup of coffee and set out the milk and sugar . 
 `` it 's okay , '' miranda said . 
 her voice sounded a little muffled and congested , but she was smiling . 
 `` it 's just a bruise . 
 nothing much . '' 
 `` it looks painful . '' 
 eve frowned at her over her own cup of coffee . 
 `` seriously , if gina was n't already all busted up , i would be on her . 
 i mean it . '' 
 `` i know , '' miranda said . 
 `` thank you . 
 but i 'm okay . 
 really . '' 
 michael came in through the swinging doors and smiled at eve , and his smile turned brittle and strange when he saw miranda sitting there . 
 she did n't look at him . 
 `` hey , mir , '' he said , and it sounded casual , but claire had seen that first , unguarded look . 
 michael got his sports bottle out of the refrigerator and warmed it up in the microwave , then left . 
 claire got up and followed him into the living room . 
 `` hey , '' she said . 
 `` wait . 
 what was that look ? '' 
 `` what look ? '' 
 michael asked , trying to sound innocent . 
 he took a drink from the sports bottle , and a little red flashed like sparks through his blue eyes . 
 `` i 'm just wondering what she 's doing here . '' 
 `` having coffee . '' 
 `` yeah , i can see that . 
 why ? '' 
 `` oh , come on , michael -- '' `` i do n't want to sound like a hard-ass , but miranda 's trouble , '' he interrupted . 
 `` look , i feel for the kid -- i do -- but you have to understand , she 's not ... she 's not safe to be around . 
 things happen . 
 they always have . '' 
 `` she 's akid . 
 and it seems like nobody cares about her ! '' 
 `` it 's not that . 
 it 's just -- '' michael gave up , sighed , and shook his head . 
 `` not all strays are safe to bring inside , claire . 
 trust me on that one . '' 
 miranda was still sitting in exactly the same spot when claire came back , still stirring her coffee with the same slow , dreamlike motions . 
 without looking up , she said , `` he 's right , you know . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` michael told you it was n't safe to be around me . 
 well , he 's right , mostly . 
 things do happen . 
 bad things , mostly . '' 
 across the table , eve looked up from her reading material , which looked like a celebrity gossip mag . 
 she did n't say anything , but there was something weird about the way she looked at miranda . 
 bad memories . 
 miranda sipped her coffee . 
 `` i only came today because i needed to tell you something , '' she said . 
 `` they all think that the one they 're looking for left town , but he has n't . 
 he 's still here . 
 he 's got a plan ; he 's had one for months . 
 and the pretty one , she 's working for him . 
 she 's in charge of recruitment . '' 
 eve 's eyebrows were going up slowly but surely . 
 `` hey , claire ? 
 what 's she talking about ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' claire said , although she thought she did . 
 she slid into the chair next to miranda . 
 `` the pretty one . 
 do you mean gloriana ? '' 
 eve stiffened when she heard the name and rolled her eyes . 
 `` oh , god , do n't tell me that bitch is up to something after all . 
 iknew it . '' 
 miranda did n't seem to be listening to eve ; in fact , claire was n't sure she was hearing anything at all outside of her own head . 
 `` it 's not totally his fault , you know , but you have to be careful now . 
 he is n't in control anymore . 
 all that anger ... '' she shook her head . 
 `` they 're making him like this . 
 they want to make you all like this . '' 
 it was impossible to follow what she was talking about ... was she still referring to bishop ? 
 or ... god , was she talking aboutshane ? 
 `` mir , '' claire said . 
 `` mir , are you talking about shane ? '' 
 because shane had a lot of anger ; she 'd always known that . 
 he kept it locked down , mostly . 
 but it was there . 
 miranda , her bruised face distant and vague , sipped coffee and said , `` oh , i see . 
 they want money first -- money and soldiers . 
 then the rest of it . 
 he wo n't make the same mistakes again . 
 tell amelie . 
 tell her -- '' she stopped talking , and her swollen , bruised eyes suddenly widened . 
 `` mir ? '' 
 eve must have felt the same thing claire did , a powerful surge of dread , because they both got to their feet . 
 `` mir , are you okay ? '' 
 `` oh , '' miranda said . 
 there were tears in her eyes now , and they flooded down her bruised cheeks . 
 `` oh , that 's bad . 
 you have to stop it . 
 you have to stop him . '' 
 `` stopwho ? '' 
 `` he 's hiding in the dark . 
 he 's killing . 
 he 's killing all the time , '' miranda said . 
 and then her eyes rolled back in her head and she passed out in a dead faint , right at the breakfast table . 
 bishop , claire thought , frozen , as eve cried out , ran to miranda , and felt for a pulse . 
 claire could n't seem to move . 
 she felt icy and sick . 
 `` help me ! '' 
 eve yelled at her , and claire blinked and jumped to it . 
 helping involved moving miranda into the living room , where they propped up her feet higher than her head and covered her with a warm afghan until miranda 's frail eyelids fluttered and she woke up again . 
 `` oh , '' she said . 
 `` did i fall down ? '' 
 `` more like passed out , '' eve said . 
 `` how do you feel ? '' 
 `` nauseous , '' miranda said . 
 her voice sounded thin and a little feeble . 
 `` too much coffee . '' 
 she took a few deep breaths and smiled . 
 `` i do n't eat enough . '' 
 yeah , that much was obvious ; miranda was so thin , claire could see the knobs of her bones at the joints . 
 the girl needed sandwiches . 
 `` i 'll make you something , '' she said . 
 `` no , i have to go now . '' 
 `` but , mir -- '' `` i have to go , '' she said , and threw off the afghan and sat up , looking chalky and sick but very , very determined . 
 `` i ca n't answer your questions . 
 it 's too dangerous . '' 
 `` for you ? '' 
 eve asked . 
 miranda shook her head . 
 `` for you , '' she said . 
 `` you 're in enough trouble already . '' 
 in the end , they could n't stop her leaving ; it was all claire could do to delay her long enough to put together some peanut butter and jelly sandwiches and raid eve 's chocolate chip cookie stash . 
 miranda clutched the sack lunch and managed a smile as she walked , moving slowly and carefully , toward the door with them . 
 eve hovered near her elbow , but she seemed steady enough . 
 `` i ca n't stay , '' miranda said , and turned to meet claire 's eyes , then eve 's . 
 `` michael 's right . 
 i 'm trouble for you . 
 i 'm trouble for everyone , and it 's better if i 'm on my own . 
 i 'll be okay now . '' 
 `` you 're sure ? '' 
 miranda nodded . 
 she paused on the porch , looking like a sad little girl off to school , and said , `` he 's not going to stop this time . 
 claire , you need to understand , this is n't like it was before . 
 this is war . 
 amelie 's going to go to war . '' 
 amelie went to war last time , claire thought , but there was something sincere in miranda 's concern , something that made her feel anxious and breathless . 
 shane.shane was caught in the middle of all this . 
 `` mir , is there anything else you can tell me ... ? '' 
 `` no . 
 nothing that wo n't get you killed . '' 
 miranda lifted the sack of food . 
 `` thank you for the sandwiches . 
 and the cookies . 
 i 'm going to like the cookies a lot . '' 
 then she walked away into the gray , chilly day , and they both watched until she was out of sight . 
 `` did we just do something bad ? '' 
 eve asked . 
 `` i mean , she 's just akid . 
 we should have made her stay . '' 
 `` i do n't think we could , '' claire said . 
 `` and she 's probably right . 
 it 's safer for everybody if she goes . '' 
 still , she could n't forget about it ... about miranda , alone with all that going on in her head . 
 as alone as claire sometimes felt , she was n't anything close to as isolated . 
 i wish i knew how to help her . 
 but the truth was , sometimes there was n't anything that could be done . 
 shane once i started fighting , it was all i could think about over the next few days . 
 there was nothing like it , especially when gloriana was there with vassily , watching ... i felt invincible . 
 even the punishment was just another kind of approval ; every time jester hit me , it felt like a pat on the back , and an invitation to hit harder . 
 so i did . 
 yeah , i wondered about the sports drinks , the ones gloriana kept in the refrigerator . 
 we all drank them , and it made it easier to keep up with the vamps . 
 some part of me wondered what was in it , but that part was small , and got crushed down by the part that was excited by all the freedom . 
 itwas freedom -- freedom to be all those things i 'd been holding back . 
 freedom to hate . 
 freedom to crush . 
 no rules ; no conscience . 
 i was fighting like them now . 
 because that was what it was going to take to beat them . 
 fighting like an animal , without any fear . 
 `` you 're fast , '' jester said on the last day of the scheduled sparring . 
 `` getting faster all the time . '' 
 he sneered at me , and the sight of his fangs made my pulse jump -- not with fear , but with aggression . 
 because i wanted to snap those fangs right off and wipe that sneer off his face . 
 `` you should take the bite , '' he said . 
 `` you 'd be a good vampire . '' 
 `` shut up and fight . '' 
 `` what 's the matter ? 
 you afraid you 'd bite your skinny little girlfriend ? '' 
 jester laughed . 
 `` she 's already someone else 's , you know . 
 i can smell the bite on her . 
 he 's marked her . '' 
 myrnin . 
 `` shut up , '' i said , and kicked him in the face . 
 he was n't expecting it , and he went down , but vampires were never that easy to put on the canvas for long . 
 he bounced up , snarling now , and i danced back , watching his shifts of weight . 
 he would come after me . 
 jester always came after me . 
 when he did , i hit fast , ducking under his rush , ramming my shoulder into his center mass and lifting him up off the canvas . 
 without leverage he was n't much better than a regular human , but i had to be careful of his hands ; they could crush bone , and his fingernails were as sharp as knives . 
 i slammed him down on his head behind me and pinned his arms fast behind his back . 
 it must have hurt , because for the first time , i heard something like a cry of pain . 
 from avampire . 
 it made me feelgreat . 
 someone clapped . 
 it was gloriana , watching me , leaning against the ropes with beautiful grace . 
 `` that was wonderful , '' she said . 
 `` poor jester . 
 i think he may just be outclassed , shane . 
 you should let him up now . 
 i think he 's learned his lesson . 
 do n't you ? '' 
 i twisted his arms tighter and felt something tear . 
 this time , jester screamed . 
 `` enough , '' vassily barked , and ducked under the ropes . 
 he grabbed hold of my shoulder to pull me off . 
 `` i need him more than i need you , boy . '' 
 i let go , because you did n't fight vassily . 
 you just did n't . 
 it was the rule , one of the only rules left now . 
 glory and vassily , they were off-limits . 
 otherwise , though ... it was just freedom . 
 fight until they said stop . 
 `` ah , '' vassily said . 
 `` he 's watching . '' 
 he did n't sound especially happy about it . 
 i looked up and i thought i saw a shadow upstairs , behind thick glass . 
 a drawn , thin face , old and pale , that almost looked familiar , but it was gone in a blur of motion . 
 vassily sighed . 
 `` did you see that , shane ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i was afraid of that . 
 glory , if you would ? '' 
 it all blurred away , all the sharp edges and the surfacing memories . 
 gone . 
 whatever it was i was supposed to remember ... well , i did n't . 
 i looked up at the window reflexively , but i could n't see anything . 
 probably just a reflection . 
 i 'd seen a reflection . 
 `` this is too public , '' glory said to vassily . 
 `` we need to move operations sooner than we 'd planned -- for the bout , at least . '' 
 `` yes , '' he said . 
 `` and we 'd better have a third option , in case . 
 i do n't want anyone crashing our party . 
 you 've got lists of people we can trust to fill seats ? '' 
 `` by the time i 'm finished in this town , you 'll be able to trust almost everyone . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` but yes . 
 reliable sources . 
 we are very close . '' 
 `` good , '' vassily said , and clapped me on the shoulder . 
 `` hit the showers , shane . 
 you 're ready . '' 
 it was on thursday when things started crashing down . 
 to start with , shane was late , really late . 
 when he finally got home , he came bearing food -- barbecue again , but with all the veggies and everything . 
 which made him popular , of course . 
 but as she set the table , claire watched him wandering around the living room . 
 he was pacing , and shane usually did n't pace -- he was more inclined to drape himself over the couch and look like he was asleep , even when he was n't . 
 tonight , though , he was moving like he was pumped up and distracted , and when she touched him on the shoulder , he spun around so fast , she took a step back . 
 it was easy to forget how big shane was and how strong , until she saw him in action . 
 he was usually so gentle with her . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he snapped , and then some of the shadows left his expression . 
 `` oh . 
 sorry , claire . 
 did n't mean that . '' 
 `` yeah , i know . 
 what 's up with you ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 restless , i guess . 
 been like this all day . 
 i think after dinner i 'll hit the gym , burn off some energy . '' 
 that wasnot like shane . 
 he was usually all about lazing around on the couch , maybe putting some energy into a video game . 
 he was n't the nervous type . 
 `` okay , '' she said doubtfully . 
 `` maybe play a game first ? 
 i 've hardly seen you at all . 
 we could spend some time together . '' 
 `` yeah , well , you 're the one who runs off to high wizard crazy pants every time he snaps his fingers . 
 do n't blame me if you never see me . 
 i 've got a life , too . 
 it sucks , but i 've got one . '' 
 shane 's words were blunt , and his tone -- it was almostmean . 
 claire felt it like a slap , and it shocked her -- why , she did n't know . 
 he 'd been angry enough over the myrnin incident , but she 'd thought ... well , she 'd thought he 'd gotten over it , that it was safe to talk to him again . 
 clearly he had n't moved past it . 
 she decided not to say anything at all , which was probably wrong , but she did n't trust her voice . 
 she did n't want him to hear how much he 'd hurt her . 
 after another second of silence , he looked away . 
 `` sorry . 
 game sounds good . 
 i 'm just in a mood , i guess . 
 maybe a little unnatural-creature killing is just what i need . '' 
 notzombies . 
 unnatural creatures . 
 that might be nothing , but claire 's instincts told her it was a very bad sign . 
 michael was putting out the food . 
 claire knew he was listening , but he did n't say anything , just shot her a glance . 
 from that , she got that he was worried , too . 
 something was off . 
 definitely off . 
 `` hey , bro , you 'd better play me first , '' michael said . 
 `` been a week since i got to beat your punk ass . 
 time for you to step up . '' 
 shane bared his teeth . 
 it was n't a smile . 
 `` you want to play ? 
 let 's play . 
 we 'll see who gets bloody this time . '' 
 that was shane , but itwas n't . 
 all the subtext was wrong -- the body language , the tone , everything but the words . 
 michael knew it , too . 
 he locked eyes with shane , frowned , and said , `` maybe you 'd better lay off the caffeine . '' 
 `` maybe you 'd better mind your own damn business . '' 
 he said something under his breath . 
 it sounded likebloodsucker . 
 `` hey , '' claire said , and put her hand on his arm . 
 `` we 're all friends here . '' 
 he flinched and shook her off . 
 `` are we ? '' 
 shane asked . 
 `` you sure about that ? '' 
 `` hey ! '' 
 eve had come in , and now she thumped plates down on the table . 
 she looked furious . 
 michael , on the other hand , was silent , watching shane with a wariness that made claire 's skin prickle . 
 `` hey , van helsing junior , back off . 
 how many times do we have to play this ? 
 what crawled up your assagain ? 
 michael is one of us ; you know that . '' 
 `` he 's one of them , '' shane said . 
 `` like my dad . 
 like oliver and amelie and all of those others . 
 heused to be one of us . 
 now he just looks like us . 
 you 'd better stop drinking the suicide juice , eve , before you wake up without a pulse , just like him . '' 
 `` what are youtalking about ? 
 what the hell happened ? 
 michael ? 
 did you say anything ? '' 
 eve looked to him , but michael shook his head . 
 `` oh , come on . 
 stop pretending , '' shane said , and took a step toward michael . 
 michael tensed up . 
 `` i can feel it , man . 
 i can feel you watching me . 
 watchingclaire . 
 hell , eve , too . 
 we 're all just walking snacks to you now . 
 you think i do n't know that ? '' 
 `` seriously , '' michael said . 
 `` you need to check yourself . 
 whatever you 're thinking , you 're wrong . 
 i would n't hurt you or claire or eve . 
 never . '' 
 `` never ? '' 
 shane laughed , high and tense . 
 his eyes had a feverish kind of glitter . 
 he crossed to eve , and she shrank back , but too late . 
 he grabbed her arm , and she dropped a handful of knives and forks with a clatter to the table . 
 she was wearing a black velvet choker with a skull and crossbones printed on it . 
 he reached up and ripped it off her neck . 
 and on her throat were healing bite marks . 
 eve clapped a hand over them , eyes wide , but it was too late . 
 they 'd all seen it . 
 `` you want to tell me that again ? '' 
 shane said . 
 he was almost whispering now , face close to eve 's , but it was n't kind . 
 it was cruel . 
 `` you want to lie to me again about how you 'd never hurt her , mikey ? '' 
 eve gave a little sound of distress and tried to pull free . 
 his hand closed around her arm even tighter , holding her there . 
 `` shane , stop it . 
 you 're going to break my arm ... '' maybe he would have let go -- claire did n't know -- but shane did n't get the chance . 
 michael totally snapped , and sent shane flying . 
 shane hit the wall with a heavy thump , knocking over a table and sending a lamp crashing to the floor , which sizzled out with a frying sound as the bulb smashed . 
 claire was too shocked to move -- it had happened too fast -- but shane rolled out of it and back to his feet in seconds . 
 michael was standing between him and eve now , staring at shane like he 'd never seen him before . 
 and shane was glaring back , looking as angry and dangerous as claire had ever seen him -- chin down , head thrust forward . 
 michael said , `` back off . 
 you do n't get to push eve around . 
 or claire , either . 
 not in my house . 
 are you drunk ? 
 because you 're damn sure channeling the ghost of frank collins . '' 
 that should have slapped shane out of it ; claire winced , and it was n't even directed at her . 
 but shane did n't react as if he 'd heard at all . 
 he took a step toward michael , then another one , and then all of a sudden he rushed him . 
 fast as he was , michael missed the wind-up . 
 shane hit him and had him down on the floor in less than a second , kneeling on his chest to hold him down , fist pulled back for a second blow . 
 claire ran forward and grabbed shane 's forearm , trying to hold him back , but he shook her off . 
 she delayed him only by a second or two , but it was enough time for eve to throw herself forward , over michael , and look up at shane with defiance and shock . 
 `` no ! '' 
 she yelled , right in his face . 
 `` do n't you dare start this , shane ! '' 
 `` i 'm trying tohelp you , you crazy bitch ! 
 you ca n't trust him . 
 do n't you understand ? 
 he 's biting you ! 
 he 's going to hurt you worse than -- '' `` we 're getting married ! '' 
 shane froze in place and his arm sagged . 
 his fist opened and dropped to his side . 
 he just stared at her for a couple of heartbeats , and then shook his head so violently , his shaggy dark hair lashed his face . 
 `` you ` rewhat ? '' 
 `` we 're getting married . 
 and if i want to let him bite me , it 's none of your damn business . 
 and , anyway , you do n't know what happened or why , so just shut your mouth , shane . '' 
 her voice was trembling now , but she was trying to look sure of herself . 
 `` no , never mind . 
 open it and congratulate us . 
 you owe us that . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` why not ? 
 because you do n'tapprove ? 
 youasshole ! '' 
 eve shoved him , and shane let her push him back , off michael . 
 he sat on the floor , suddenly limp , staring down at his open hands . 
 his knuckles were bruised -- they 'd been bruised a lot lately , and cut and swollen . 
 claire had assumed at first that it had been martial arts practice , but now she was thinking ... it was fights . 
 real fights . 
 like this one . 
 michael sat up , putting his arm around eve . 
 she touched his face where he 'd been hit and said , `` does it hurt ? 
 are you okay ? '' 
 `` it stings , '' he said . 
 `` shane packs a hell of a punch these days . '' 
 he looked into her eyes for a long few seconds . 
 `` i did n't think you wanted to tell anybody yet . '' 
 `` i did n't , '' eve said . 
 `` but it just -- it just kind of came out . 
 sorry . 
 i wanted to have a big party for the announcement , you know , but ... i had to say something to make himstop . '' 
 `` he was n't going to hurt me . 
 not much , anyway . '' 
 `` maybe not , but you were going to have to hurthim if he did n't back off . 
 and i did n't want that . '' 
 claire did n't know how she felt about all this . 
 sure , she loved michael and eve , and she knew they were together , but this ... this seemed fast and final and odd . 
 like they were rushing into something . 
 she felt anxious about it , and she had no idea why . 
 michael pulled eve close again and kissed her with authority . 
 eve sighed and snuggled against his chest , and both of them looked at shane and claire , who was kneeling beside him . 
 she wanted to ask shane if he was all right , but it would sound stupid under the circumstances . 
 ofcourse he was n't all right . 
 this was so not all right . 
 none of it was right . 
 she reached out , placed her fingers under his chin , and tipped his face up . 
 his eyes were shimmering with tears , and he looked young and terribly frightened . 
 lost . 
 `` what 's happening to me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` god , claire , why did ido that ? 
 i do n't do that . 
 i do n't get angry for -- for nothing . 
 i did n't used to , anyway . '' 
 he swallowed . 
 `` do you think ... ? 
 is it ... ? 
 maybe it 's because ... my dad ... he was n't always an abusive asshole , you know ; he just got that way . 
 he 'd get in these moods and he 'd ... he 'd ... '' he gulped for air , as if he was drowning , and the misery and pain in his voice made her ache inside . 
 she did n't think ; she just put her arms around him and held him , fiercely loving him , afraid for him , afraid forall of them . 
 `` i should n't be doing this . 
 it 's wrong . 
 it 's all wrong . 
 i do n't want to be like him . 
 i do n't . 
 i ca n't . 
 please help me . '' 
 `` you 're not , '' she whispered , lips close to his ear . 
 `` i swear you 're not . '' 
 `` then why did ido that ? 
 i wanted to kill him , and it 's like i could n't stop myself . '' 
 she did n't know , either . 
 she held him and they talked in soft , almost wordless murmurs , and his arms around her were strong but shaking , and she pretended not to feel it when his tears soaked through her shirt . 
 michael and eve left sometime during all that . 
 the food sat cold on the table when claire raised her head to check . 
 shane 's skin felt cold and damp to the touch . 
 `` you should eat , '' she said . 
 `` you 'll feel better if you eat . '' 
 he laughed wretchedly . 
 `` you think if i eat i 'll stop being a complete dick ? '' 
 `` you 're not . '' 
 `` only because i 'm not good at anything . 
 including that . '' 
 god , he was just falling apart , and she did n't know what to say . 
 claire got him to stand up and then sit down at the table . 
 she carried the food back into the kitchen to warm it in the microwave and found that eve and michael were in there , engaged in a quiet , intense discussion themselves . 
 they stopped when they saw her . 
 `` we should eat , '' she said , and pushed microwave buttons . 
 `` something 's wrong with him , '' eve said . 
 `` you saw . 
 you know . '' 
 `` let 's eat , '' claire said . 
 `` we 're all tired and hungry and nervous . '' 
 `` claire -- '' `` please . 
 `` her voice broke when she said it , and she had to wipe her eyes to keep tears from falling . 
 `` just sit down andeat ! '' 
 but when she carried the food out , shane 's seat at the table was empty . 
 she checked his room , but he was n't there , either . 
 he was gone . 
 and she did n't know where . 
 shane i sat there alone at the table , looking at the house that had meant so much to me . 
 myhome.and it did n't feel like home anymore . 
 nothing felt right -- least of all me . 
 i did n't fit here anymore . 
 i was dangerous . 
 something was wrong with me , and i could n't take the risk i 'd hurt claire . 
 i could n't stop thinking about eve 's face as i 'd been about to punch her , about the shocked , furious , haunted look she 'd given me . 
 about how i 'd seen my dad 's face in that reflection . 
 i hated michael now , hatedhim , and i did n't want to . 
 he was my best friend , my buddy , my rock , but that did n't matter inside me now . 
 he was just one of them . 
 it hurt . 
 bad . 
 hearing eve say she was marrying him ... it tore everything apart . 
 i hated him , and i could n't hate him . 
 i loved her , and i could n't not hate her , too , because she 'd made that choice . 
 none of it made any sense anymore . 
 i hated the people i was supposed to love . 
 not claire -- that was pure ; it was perfect . 
 i could n't hate her . 
 not until i thought about myrnin . 
 not until i remembered what jester had said ... she 's marked . 
 i can smell the bite on her.not her fault , but i hated that myrnin had that claim on her . 
 that i could n't make it go away , no matter how much i tried . 
 vassily had promised me money , and he 'd delivered . 
 he 'd also promised me and claire a way out . 
 and i had to take it soon , because there was n't going to be anything left to save . 
 claire was in the kitchen , talking to michael and eve , and a sensation swept over me ... paranoia , probably . 
 i just knew that she was trying to make it all okay , that we would all have to sit together and pretend , just pretend that the cracks were n't big enough to fall through . 
 and i could n't do it . 
 i just could n't . 
 i got up and left , closing the door quietly behind me . 
 out in the dark , no protection , no vampires who would snap their fingers and make sure i could walk around in safety -- not that it worked that way , no matter what they promised . 
 i had gotten a letter in today 's mail ; i was overdrawn at the blood bank again , and if i did n't show up to pay my taxes soon , the bloodmobile would come calling . 
 they were n't gentle when that happened . 
 they came in , grabbed you , strapped you down , and stuck a needle in your vein , whether you liked it or not . 
 sometimes they forgot to take it out when you filled up your pint . 
 or two . 
 or three . 
 sometimes people just did n't come out again . 
 no way i was going to do that anymore . 
 i was n't part of this . 
 i was going to get out and take claire with me . 
 i walked to the gym . 
 if there were vampires out there in the dark , stalking me , they 'd be sorry , and they must have sensed it , because i made it there without anybody touching me . 
 i was sweating , even in the cold wind ; there was steam coming off my skin . 
 i felt shaky , though . 
 empty again . 
 not hungry , but thirsty . 
 when i got inside the gym and behind the private door , the first thing i did was pop open a sports bottle from the common fridge and down the protein drink . 
 then another one . 
 then another . 
 by the third one i was feeling steady again . 
 in control . 
 focused . 
 strong . 
 `` hey , man , '' said greg , another human who was training . 
 he was a juicer , bulked up with fake muscles , but he was cool , anyway . 
 ` roid rage was an advantage in the ring . 
 we high-fived as i passed him , and then i went to sit on the bench with five others waiting for a chance at the ring . 
 shiemaa was the only girl -- buzz cut , tougher than her weight in iron . 
 she gave me a fist bump , and so did the others . 
 all crazy together . 
 `` i heard stinky doug got his ass killed , '' shiemaa said over my head , talking to keith , another juicer with arms as big around as shiemaa 's whole head . 
 `` somebody said it was because he talked . 
 true ? '' 
 `` guess so , '' keith said . 
 `` crazy little bastard . 
 he was n't going to last -- did n't have the fire , anyway -- but he could take a punch . 
 i 'll give him that . '' 
 `` yeah , you gave him plenty of those , '' shiemaa said . 
 she and keith tapped fists in front of me . 
 `` not like i miss him , but what did he say ? '' 
 `` do n't know . 
 do n't care . '' 
 `` doug , '' i repeated . 
 some of the fog cleared for me , even though i kept clenching my fists , burning off excess energy . 
 `` college guy ? 
 got his throat cut ? '' 
 `` yeah , that 's him . 
 stinky doug . 
 'cause , man , he had some hygiene issues . '' 
 `` which is a lot , coming from you , '' shiemaa said . 
 keith threw a punch at her , behind my back . 
 she blocked it without any effort . 
 `` why ? 
 did you know him ? '' 
 `` my girl found the body , '' i said . 
 `` she knew him . 
 i did n't know he was in this . '' 
 `` yeah , he was one of the first they asked in , '' shiemaa said . 
 `` probably because he was crazy and a loner and cracked out half the time . 
 was n't even a morganville kid . 
 guess they cut their losses . '' 
 funny , but the idea that vassily and glory would kill one of us to protect their little messed-up fight club ... that did n't surprise me . 
 did n't alarm me , either . 
 stinky doug had brought it on himself . 
 shiemaa tapped me on the back of the head , not gently . 
 `` yo , pretty boy , you want to go a few ? '' 
 the ring was empty now . 
 the vamps were disappearing now , heading out to do whatever it was they did during the midnight hours . 
 `` nah , '' i said . 
 i did n't feel like hitting anybody right now , not even shiemaa , who could take it . 
 `` i 'm going out to hit some bags . '' 
 `` suit yourself , '' she said , and tapped keith . 
 `` let 's go , big guy . '' 
 i went outside , into the public area . 
 did n't matter at this time of the night , because there were few people who ventured in , and when the vamps cleared out -- which they did nightly to go hit the blood bank or date or do whatever it was -- we had the place mostly to ourselves . 
 i waded into the heavy bag . 
 and pretty soon , the rest of them came out to join me . 
 like a pack . 
 i hit the bag and felt better , because finally , i knew what i was doing . 
 i was leading the pack . 
 ten he was n't answering his cell , but it was a damn good bet that he had gone where he said he was going -- to the gym . 
 in the end , they all went to find him , because michael was n't letting claire go alone , and eve was n't letting michael go without her . 
 they took eve 's big , black hearse , which had a big enough front bench seat to hold three across . 
 claire ended up in the middle . 
 `` hey , '' she said as eve navigated the giant deathmobile down the dark streets of morganville . 
 `` so ... what is this about getting married ? 
 did i even actually hear that ? 
 because i 'm pretty sure i would have been told about that by mybest friend . '' 
 she accompanied it with an elbow into eve 's side . 
 eve made a choked sound that was n't quite a cry . 
 claire was trying to keep it light , because she was feeling anxious now , not just about shane , but about the two of them . 
 it was tough being a vampire/human couple ; there had been plenty of problems already . 
 it would only get harder , and eve -- eve was strong , but she was also fragile . 
 michael was looking out the window at the passing houses , and he did n't turn his head . 
 `` it was kind of an impulse thing , '' he said . 
 `` eve wanted to wait and have a big announcement and an engagement party . 
 i just did n't expect her to blurt it out like that . '' 
 `` well , i had to stop terminator shane from punching your face off , '' eve said . 
 `` i like your face . 
 and it worked , did n't it ? '' 
 `` back on topic , '' claire interrupted . 
 `` when exactly did this happen ? '' 
 `` he asked me at the party . 
 you know , gloriana 's big party . '' 
 that had been one of those weird vampire welcome-to-town shindigs where they 'd been basically the only people with pulses invited . 
 claire had n't felt comfortable . 
 she and shane had ducked out as soon as they could , although later she wished she had n't , because she 'd heard that crazy things had happened , and the spectacle ofeve dancing witholiver must have been , according to all the gossip , pretty compelling . 
 because oliver apparently coulddance . 
 that still seemed bizarre . 
 she had n't known what happened after , because eve had n't said . 
 claire had assumed nothing had happened of any real notice . 
 obviously , she 'd been way , way wrong . 
 `` so where 's the ring ? '' 
 claire asked . 
 she was staring at eve 's left hand . 
 nothing shiny on the third finger . 
 `` i did n't want to wear it until we told people , '' eve said . 
 `` i guess i can now . 
 right ? '' 
 `` right , '' michael said . 
 he started to say something else , but fell silent . 
 it felt strangely awkward , suddenly . 
 and claire 's mixed feelings got even more mixed . 
 shewanted to believe this was the right thing , but why was n't michael more excited about it ? 
 was that a guy thing ? 
 or ... god , was he having second thoughts ? 
 claire tried to fill the silence . 
 `` any date yet or anything ? 
 and can i be a bridesmaid ? 
 please let me be a bridesmaid ! 
 i 've never been one . '' 
 `` my bridesmaids are totally wearing black , '' eve said . 
 `` are you down with that ? 
 because i 'm wearing red . '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 claire gave her an awkward , one-armed hug , and then did the same to michael . 
 `` this is great . 
 this is ... well , it ` sgreat . 
 is n't it ? '' 
 `` yes , '' michael said . 
 he was smiling again , but she saw his reflection in the glass , and what struck her , in a dreadful rush , was that it was n't the right kind of smile . 
 it was sad and brave , not happy and proud . 
 like he was doing what he thought he should do , but deep down he was n't sure . 
 oh , no . 
 no . 
 claire looked down at her lap . 
 she said , `` well , let me know , okay ? 
 when you guys are ready . 
 because i 'll be there , you know . 
 all the way . '' 
 `` i know you will , '' eve said . 
 she was n't just smiling ; she was glowing with delight . 
 `` thanks , sweetie . '' 
 she turned the car again and pulled it into a parking space . 
 the neon lights of the gym were on , and a sign glowing near the door said open 24 hrs . 
 they sat in the car as the engine died . 
 michael and eve exchanged glances over claire 's head . 
 `` so , we should do this , '' eve said . 
 `` right ? '' 
 `` right , '' michael said . 
 `` we all go together . 
 if he starts something , get out of the way , both of you . 
 let him take it out on me . 
 i 'm not as breakable . '' 
 maybe not , but shane had managed to land a punch on him , which had been unpleasantly surprising . 
 claire did n't want to see anybody get hit or hurt , not even a vampire who could bounce back . 
 the sound of miranda getting punched still haunted her , no matter how it had turned out later . 
 she 'd always admired shane 's ability to defend himself -- and her and his friends -- but at the same time , she worried . 
 maybe therewas something to his fear . 
 maybe his dad 's legacy of abuse was tough to shake ; she knew there was a dark core of anger inside of him , and guilt . 
 but she also knew that gloriana was in it somehow . 
 she had to be . 
 no matter how much everybody swore she could n't be interested in shane , there was some reason this was happening , and claire had seen firsthand how easy it was for gloriana to twist people around . 
 like shane was being twisted . 
 i saw her , claire thought.up in his room , that first night . 
 that was her . 
 it had to be gloriana . 
 that was when it had all started . 
 when shane 's anger had started coming to the surface . 
 that bitch . 
 `` we stay together , '' claire said . 
 `` and i promise , i 'll duck if anybody throws a punch . '' 
 the parking lot was -- oddly , for morganville -- spacious and well lit . 
 they did n't see anyone else on the way in . 
 the same bouncer was at the desk . 
 he looked the three of them over without saying anything . 
 the lights buzzed softly , and claire felt nerves start tingling right with them . 
 `` we 're looking for shane collins , '' michael said . 
 `` is he here ? '' 
 the counter guy checked a list , flipping pages . 
 `` yeah , he signed in about half an hour ago . 
 has n't left . '' 
 `` we need to see him , '' claire said . 
 `` ten bucks . '' 
 `` we 're not exercising , '' eve said . 
 `` really , you see these clothes ? 
 these are not made for sweating . '' 
 `` not my problem . 
 it 's ten bucks to go in that door , whether you exercise or not . 
 unless you want to buy a membership . 
 then it 's five hundred . '' 
 `` are youkidding ? '' 
 `` do i look like i 'm kidding ? '' 
 `` no , you look like a dick who wants thirty dollars to let us talk to our friend , '' michael said , and opened up his wallet . 
 `` here 's forty . 
 the extra ten 's not a tip , so give it back . '' 
 the guy counted out ten ones -- even though there was a ten-dollar bill sitting right there in the cash drawer -- and slid them over . 
 `` knock yourselves out , kids , '' he said . 
 the buzzer went off , signaling that the door was open . 
 michael held it for the girls ; claire went first , heading past the busy weight-and exercise-machine area . 
 everything was full , which was shocking , considering the time of night . 
 the weirdest thing was that claire did n't see a single vampire here tonight ... just humans . 
 she 'd have expected just the opposite . 
 shane was in the corner , near the boxing stuff . 
 that was n't a surprise ; claire had known in her gut that he 'd be here somewhere . 
 he was punching a heavy bag , which swung back and forth in slow , ponderous arcs as he danced around it , hitting with vicious intensity . 
 he 'd taken off his shirt , and he was sweating so much it looked like he 'd just come out of the pool , his hair lank and plastered around his face . 
 his skin shone and dripped . 
 and he was covered with bruises.covered . 
 she was shocked ; she had n't seen him like this , not ever . 
 some were just red spots -- fresh ones -- and others were old and blue and faded around the edges . 
 the nastiest ones looked black and green . 
 what thehell had he been doing ? 
 claire started to walk over to him , but michael stopped her with a hand on her shoulder . 
 `` no , '' he said . 
 `` let me , okay ? '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 there was something very off about the way shane was going after that bag , like it had personally tried to kill him . 
 and she could tell that he 'd been at it for a while now , ever since he 'd walked in , probably . 
 as michael came over , shane grabbed the swinging bag in both gloved hands and stilled it . 
 he was panting for breath , but his wide eyes were fixed on his friend . 
 not in a friendly kind of way . 
 `` hey , '' michael said . 
 `` we got worried when you blew out of the house . 
 we wanted to be sure you were okay . '' 
 shane did n't say anything . 
 he clung to the bag and panted and watched michael with that strangely blank stare . 
 `` so , '' michael continued , still moving toward him , more slowly now . 
 more carefully , like he 'd have approached a wild animal . 
 `` what do you say we blow this off and go get a pizza or something ? 
 you must be hungry . '' 
 he must have crossed some kind of invisible line , because shane bared his teeth , and michael stopped in his tracks . 
 that was one crazy look , and claire felt sick inside ; it did n't look like shane at all . 
 he kept on grinning -- if you could call it that -- and reached down for a sports bottle sitting off to the side . 
 he guzzled most of it in broad , thirsty gulps , but he still never took his eyes off michael . 
 not for a second . 
 `` i 'm not hungry , '' shane finally said . 
 `` vassily 's got me on a new diet . 
 protein shakes . '' 
 michael tried again . 
 `` bro , this is some unsettling crap going on . 
 what the hell is up with you ? '' 
 `` ca n't you tell ? '' 
 shane asked . 
 his voice sounded lower than normal -- deeper in his throat . 
 `` thought you knew everything , being part of the master race and all . 
 thought we mere mortals could never put anything over on you . '' 
 claire had thought it was a private conversation , but behind her , she heard laughter -- laughter in name only . 
 it was bully laughter , meant to unsettle . 
 there was no real amusement behind it , other than the anticipation of pulling some wings off particularly interesting flies . 
 she risked a glance over her shoulder . 
 shane had workout buddies all around them . 
 she 'd ignored them at first , thinking they were just people in proximity , but now they were all stopping what they were hitting or lifting or doing , and paying attention . 
 big men . 
 tough . 
 sweating . 
 a girl , too , but even she looked solid and muscular and ready to kick ass at a second 's notice . 
 claire realized that she was holding eve 's hand , and holding it tightly . 
 she glanced over and saw that eve , too , was riveted by shane 's behavior . 
 she looked spooked and very worried . 
 claire pulled her fingers free and walked over to stand next to michael . 
 `` shane , what are you doing here ? 
 let 's just go home , okay ? '' 
 shane focused on her , but that did n't make it better . 
 if anything , it made it worse , because there was none of the love and gentleness in him that she expected to see -- that she 'd seen only an hour ago . 
 he stared at her , then at michael . 
 she reached for michael 's arm for support . 
 something flared hot in shane 's eyes . 
 `` that how it is ? 
 you and claire ? '' 
 shane asked . 
 `` not surprised , man . 
 every girl i ever knew ended up liking you better than me . 
 it 's almost like you set out to make it happen . '' 
 `` that ` sso not true ! '' 
 claire said , shocked -- shocked he would eventhink it , much lesssay it -- and stepped away from michael . 
 `` you think -- you think me and michael ... ? '' 
 `` why not ? 
 he 's cooler , right ? 
 he 's rocking that whole guitar hero thing . 
 oh , and he 's a vampire -- i know how much all you chicks dig that . 
 he could snap his fingers and pull any girl he wanted . 
 including you . 
 do n't kid yourself thinking you 've got achoice . '' 
 he did n't even say her name . 
 somehow , that hurt worse than anything else -- and it made her angrier , too , which probably was n't right , but she could n't help it . 
 `` no , he could n't get me , because i do n't love him . 
 i loveyou , shane . '' 
 he gave her a cynical smile . 
 `` you do n't have to love somebody to screw them . '' 
 `` shane ! '' 
 now she was embarrassed and horrified and sick , and she wished he would justshut up . 
 `` i saw how he looked at you . 
 c'mon , michael , tell her . 
 tell her i 'm wrong . 
 tell her you never think about it . '' 
 michael did n't say anything . 
 there was an odd light in his eyes , one claire could n't remember seeing before . 
 she punched him in the arm . 
 `` well ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 `` tell him ! '' 
 `` wo n't do any good , '' michael said . 
 `` he 's not listening to anything i have to say . 
 or you , for that matter . 
 come on , claire . 
 we should go . '' 
 `` no ! 
 i 'm not leaving him here like this , thinking that i 'm -- '' shane lunged forward , grabbed her by the shoulders , and put his face very close to hers . 
 close enough to kiss , but that did n't seem to be on his mind at all . 
 it was shane , but ... not . 
 not the shane she 'd always known . 
 even when he 'd lost his memory , there 'd been this core of gentleness , of control ... and now that was gone . 
 it was like part of him had died . 
 the best part . 
 `` let me make itreal clear , '' he said . 
 `` i do n't date fang-bangers . 
 if it 's not him , then it 's that crazy-ass , bloodsucking boss of yours . 
 so , go on . 
 do what you know you want to do . 
 none of my business anymore . 
 we 're done . '' 
 and he pushed her away , hard . 
 she banged against a steel post , which knocked the breath out of her and brought tears to her eyes from the instant , white-hot pain of bone ringing on metal . 
 through the tears , she saw michael grab shane 's arm and yank him away from her , unbelievably fast and strong . 
 but shane had strength and quickness of his own , more than he should have , more than she 'd ever seen any human have , and he swung around inside michael 's defenses and slammed a fist into his stomach , then his chin , snapping michael 's head back . 
 then again and again and again , so fast it was a blur . 
 and michael went down flat on his back . 
 he rolled over , blinking , and got back to his feet , but his mouth was bleeding , and eve was yelling and trying to get between him and shane , and it was all just insane how this was happening . 
 how could it possibly be -- claire caught sight of a figure standing at a metal railing upstairs , looking down at them . 
 a petite woman , masses of honey-colored wavy hair , a sweet face . 
 gloriana . 
 the vampire . 
 she was smiling -- not an evil smile , which claire could have understood , but a smile of childlike delight . 
 a smile that should have been reserved for puppies and rainbows and true love . 
 not for seeing shane kick michael in the side with enough force to shatter bone . 
 the onlookers watched with a kind of strange , hungry approval , and nobody moved in to stop it until a tattooed , muscled guy -- rad , from the car and motorcycle shops -- grabbed shane from behind , winding his arms through and locking his fingers together behind shane 's neck in a unbreakable restraining hold . 
 he kicked the joints of shane 's legs and got him down on his knees . 
 eve was down next to michael , helping him sit up , wiping the slightly too-pale blood from his face with a lacy black handkerchief . 
 `` my god , '' she was saying numbly . 
 `` my god , my god ... oh , sweetie ... '' shane was trying to throw off rad 's hold , but his buddies were moving in now . 
 as if he realized it was useless to try to break rad 's hold on him , shane went still . 
 eve must have decided michael was okay , because she looked at claire and asked her if she was hurt , at increasingly worried volumes . 
 claire shook off her daze and said , `` no , i 'm fine . 
 michael ? '' 
 he did n't answer . 
 he was sitting up and all his attention was on shane . 
 just shane . 
 `` let him go , rad , '' he said . 
 `` dude , '' rad said . 
 `` do n't think that 's too good an idea . 
 he ai n't givin ' up . 
 he 's just waiting . 
 i can feel it . '' 
 `` i said let him go . '' 
 `` your funeral . '' 
 rad released shane , who turned and shoved him back . 
 rad held up his hands , signaling surrender . 
 and shane turned back toward michael , who was n't showing anything like that . 
 in fact , he was on his feet again , moving eve -- gently -- and facing shane squarely . 
 `` this is n't you , man . 
 what is causing this ? '' 
 michael asked . 
 `` it 's her , '' claire said , and looked up at the railing above them . 
 `` she 's screwing with him . '' 
 only gloriana was gone . 
 no sign she 'd ever been there . 
 claire looked around , but there were no vampires in view . 
 not one . 
 just michael . 
 shane turned a scorching look on her . 
 `` herwho ? '' 
 `` gloriana , '' claire said . 
 `` she 's doing this to you . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` i do n't do vamps . 
 you ought to remember that . '' 
 `` it 's a glamour . '' 
 `` no , it 's not , '' michael said , very quietly . 
 `` not exactly . 
 or not completely . 
 right , shane ? 
 this is something else . '' 
 `` yeah , '' shane said . 
 `` it 's something else . 
 because there 's a lot of us who are sick as hell of getting our asses kicked by vampires , sick of being your cheap wine bottles with legs , sick of letting you rule this town like lords . 
 it 's not going to happen anymore . 
 right , guys ? '' 
 the gym guys -- and girl , too -- had gathered around in a circle , and the rest had the same predatory glitter in their eyes , the same barely under-the-surface violence . 
 rad seemed to be the only muscled-up dude who was in the wrong place and had the wrong motives , and he was looking around now , frowning uneasily . 
 `` look , maybe you should go , '' he said to michael , and then glanced at eve and claire . 
 `` all of you . 
 work this out later . '' 
 her impulse was to say that she was staying , that no power on earth could make her leave shane when he was like this , but if she did that , she knew that michael and eve would stick it out , too . 
 and that would be bad . 
 shane seemed especially angry about michael being here -- and , from the look he gave her now , eve , too . 
 a big , overmuscled guy dressed in microfiber sweats and gold chains , like some cheesy reality-show reject , gave eve areally nasty grin . 
 it was mostly a snarl . 
 `` you always ran around town , dressing like a wannabe bloodsucker , and now you 're banging one , '' he said . 
 well , he did n't actually saybanging , but claire 's brain refused to completely translate it . 
 it was too shocking when it was said with that much venom . 
 `` i hate fang-bangers worse than the vamps . 
 at least the vamps are just doing what comes natural.your kind , you 're perverts . '' 
 eve flinched a little , but then she lifted her chin . 
 `` really ? 
 considering what i hear from the girls you date , sandro , maybe you ought to think twice about throwing that word around . 
 'cause i had to look up half the things you wanted them to do on urban dictionary , and it was disgusting . '' 
 she was wearing the choker again , having tied it back on before they 'd left the house , but now sandro -- like shane had before -- reached out and yanked on it . 
 he did n't manage to pull it off , but he pulled it down far enough that eve 's fang marks were clearly visible . 
 `` look at that . 
 walking blood bank . 
 i heard you 're a walking atm , too . 
 that stands for any time michael wants it -- '' michael stepped in front of eve , facing sandro , and said , `` you want to say it to me ? '' 
 sandro laughed . 
 `` you did n't learn your lesson from your little friend there ? 
 sure . 
 'cause you ai n't got no backup , glass . 
 your whole family 's been vamp pets from the dark ages , but we ai n't having any more of that better-than-you crap . 
 not here . 
 here , you 're all on your own , bitch . '' 
 shane had gone very quiet behind them . 
 claire looked at him , at his set , unsmiling face , and felt panic ignite . 
 this was real , and it was dangerous . 
 rad and the few others who did n't seem angry were backing off , edging out of the crowd . 
 maybe they 'd send for some help , or maybe not . 
 she certainly did n't trust that the dude taking their money at the door would bother to come charging to the rescue . 
 michael was a vampire , but he was young , and he could n't fight this crowd on his own . 
 plus , he 'd be trying to protect eve , and her , too . 
 and shane did n't have his back . 
 or any of their backs . 
 it was obvious and painful , and eve gave him the worst , most heartbroken and betrayed look claire could imagine . 
 `` you 'd just stand there , '' she said . 
 `` you 'd stand there and let this happen to us.to us . 
 to your own girlfriend . '' 
 shane turned away to start slugging the heavy bag again . 
 `` shane , '' claire whispered . 
 `` please . 
 please . '' 
 he faltered , and one of his punches landed light . 
 he grabbed the bag and stopped its swing , and looked over his shoulder at her . 
 for a long , awful second , she thought he 'd just go back to what he was doing , but then he nodded sharply at sandro . 
 `` let them go , '' he said . 
 sandro cracked his knuckles . 
 `` gim me a reason . '' 
 `` i owe her that much , '' shane said . 
 `` let them leave . '' 
 he punched the bag again with stunning force . 
 `` but take my advice , friends . 
 do n't come looking for me again . 
 any of you . '' 
 there was some grumbling , but the circle slowly parted . 
 eve grabbed michael 's hand and towed him off , heading for the exit . 
 claire hesitated , staring at shane 's back as he bobbed , weaved , and punched . 
 `` shane , '' she said . 
 `` i still love you . '' 
 he did n't answer . 
 sandro shoved her after her friends . 
 `` you heard him , '' sandro said . 
 `` get the hell out and stay out . 
 he ai n't interested . '' 
 she looked back just once . 
 there was pain -- real pain -- on shane 's face as he fought the training bag , and their eyes locked just for a second before he looked away . 
 his were red . 
 it was n't possible to tell tears from sweat , but she thought -- no , she knew -- how devastated he felt . 
 because she felt exactly the same . 
 tears welled up and spilled over , and she sucked in a trembling breath that smelled like sweat and metal and despair . 
 eve took her hand . 
 `` come on , '' she said . 
 `` nothing you can do here . '' 
 that was true , and it hurt so , so badly . 
 shane i wish i could say i do n't know why i did it . 
 that would make me feel better , cleaner , about what i said to her . 
 but i knew . 
 it was just like claire figured : glory had glamoured me . 
 but i did n't care , because under the glamour there was a real bad streak of ... me . 
 i felt right . 
 more than that , i felt righteous , like a knight in the old stories riding off to some god-justified war . 
 i felt like i had when i 'd had a purpose and my dad had been alive to tell me what it was . 
 i punched the heavy bag until my arms trembled and my legs felt like lead , and then collapsed on a metal bench . 
 somebody brought me another protein shake , and i downed the bottle in thick , thirsty gulps . 
 my head was hurting , and i was having trouble catching my breath . 
 `` hey , man , you all right ? '' 
 that was sandro . 
 i hated sandro , i hated his greasy smile and his gold chains and his fake new jersey cred . 
 he was from morganville , like the rest of us . 
 hell , his dad was a baker . 
 you ca n't be a badass when your dad makes cakes . 
 sandro squeezed my shoulder , tightly enough to bend tendons . 
 i knocked his hand away . 
 `` fine , '' i said . 
 `` get lost . '' 
 `` good job dumping that little renfield . 
 i do n't know what you ever saw in her , anyway . 
 she looks like half a boy . 
 me , i like my women with curves and bounce , if you know what i mean . '' 
 i drained the last of the shake and felt a fresh burst of anger and hunger . 
 `` maybe you need to look up whatget lostmeans . '' 
 michael was n't here to take it out on , but sandro would do just as well . 
 `` do n't get attitude with me , collins . 
 you ai n't that tough . '' 
 i knew better . 
 sandro was schoolyard tough . 
 i was fight-for-your-life tough . 
 but i was n't going to teach him the difference , because for all his faults , for all he was a prime , grade-a jackass , he was breathing and his heart was beating , and that 's all it took to put him on my side . 
 two kinds of fighters : us and them . 
 none ofthemwere here right now . 
 glory and vassily had separated us into humans and vamps , and it had worked . 
 now every time i saw a vamp it made me want to rip into it . 
 including michael . 
 that made me feel weird inside , but not weird enough to want to change it . 
 this was where i belonged . 
 this was what i was meant to do . 
 born and bred to it , honestly . 
 my dad had taught me well . 
 in here , i did n't have to be shane collins , eternal slacker , orphan , lost boy . 
 in here , with these guys , i was part of something . 
 part of the war . 
 even if , right now , that war was fought one on one , in the ring , with people cheering . 
 someday , it would be fought in the streets , and people would cheer there , too . 
 even claire . 
 soon . 
 `` it 's gloriana , '' claire said once they were safely in the car . 
 `` i saw her , michael . 
 i saw her watching you and shane fight . 
 she wassmiling . '' 
 `` i do n't know how she could do it without affecting me or you or eve , '' he said . 
 `` glamour is n't that specific . '' 
 `` hers is , '' eve said . 
 he gave her an odd look as he drove down the street , heading for home . 
 `` what , you did n't know that ? 
 she can grab one guy out of a room if she wants to . 
 i 've seen her do it . 
 i 've seen her do it toyou . '' 
 claire had seen it , too , at her welcome party -- gloriana had lured michael away with just a smile and a wink , right out of eve 's arms . 
 she had n't been serious about it -- at least , claire did n'tthink she 'd been serious -- and eve had gotten him back fast , but she 'd felt glory 's influence now , and the worst thing about it was that it seemed like the most natural thing in the world . 
 frank had even warned her , and she still had n't believed that there was anything wrong with what she was feeling or doing . 
 that was what had happened to shane . 
 `` sure , she can draw men to like her , '' michael said . 
 `` it 's not that hard . 
 but changing them , the way shane 's changed ? 
 that 's a whole different kind of thing . 
 i do n't think even glory can do that . '' 
 `` well , who 'd know ? '' 
 claire asked . 
 `` amelie ? '' 
 `` maybe . 
 or oliver ; he seems to know her better . '' 
 claire remembered oliver sitting with gloriana at common grounds . 
 yeah , they had seemed cozy . 
 which made her stomach twist a little , because the last thing she wanted to think about was oliver having any kind of love life , ever , with anyone . 
 that was just disgusting . 
 `` frank said something about -- '' she shut her mouth , suddenly flooded with alarm and adrenaline , with a snap , because she hadnot meant to mention frank . 
 ever . 
 `` i mean , before he , you know -- '' `` died ? '' 
 eve supplied . 
 `` went to that big motorcycle rally in the sky ? 
 took a dirt nap ? '' 
 she sent michael a warning glare as he winced . 
 `` what?yes , i 'm being insensitive , but shane 's not here , and besides , i am pissed off right now . 
 frank collins was never mr. congeniality when he was alive , you know . 
 i do n't know why i have to give him any extra postlife respect . '' 
 that nicely distracted everybody from claire 's mistake , and she took the precious time to work out what she 'd meant to say , leaving out frank completely . 
 `` we need to find out what she 's doing here , '' claire said . 
 `` something 's turning the humans at that gym into a mob , and we all know that 's what amelie is most afraid of . 
 human mobs can take down vampires individually . 
 she 'll do anything to prevent that from starting . 
 if it 's gloriana , then we need to prove it . '' 
 `` what if it 's bishop ? '' 
 michael asked . 
 eve made a choked sound . 
 `` it 's just the kind of thing bishop would want -- humans turning against vampires , creating chaos and death . 
 he does n't care who gets hurt . '' 
 `` nasty , '' eve agreed . 
 `` if he 's got gloriana working for him ... '' `` then this could be a whole lot bigger than anybody expected , '' michael finished . 
 he paused for a moment , and said , `` i can find out . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 eve 's voice had an edge , and claire glanced over at her . 
 she seemed tense , hands clenched where they rested on her thighs . 
 `` by talking to glory , '' he said . 
 `` look , she likes me . 
 she 'll tell me things . '' 
 `` yeah , that in no way makes me want to barf acid , '' eve said . 
 `` you getting cozy withher . '' 
 `` eve -- '' `` we agreed . 
 you stay away from her . '' 
 `` this is different . 
 this is n't just -- look , it could be shane 's life we 're talking about . 
 and a lot of other people 's . 
 innocent people . 
 i can handle glory . '' 
 `` can you ? '' 
 eve asked . 
 `` because i notice you never call her gloriana . 
 justglory . '' 
 he shut up.which is probably about the only smart thing he can do , claire thought . 
 eve had a genuine point . 
 there was something alarming about how fast michael had jumped on the whole `` let me talk to her '' thing . 
 it was an uneasy silence all the way back home . 
 as michael parked the car and killed the engine , claire said , `` do you think he 'll come home ? '' 
 `` you mean tonight ? 
 no , '' michael said . 
 `` if you mean ever , i do n't know . 
 that was n't shane back there . 
 i think you know that . '' 
 she did . 
 it hurt like a huge ball of spikes inside her stomach , and she could n't keep her eyes from clouding with tears every time she thought about him . 
 it hurt -- oh , god , it hurt . 
 `` then i have to get him back , '' she said . 
 `` we just do . 
 whatever it takes . '' 
 her cell phone rang , and she looked down at the screen , hoping wildly that it was shane -- but no . 
 it had no picture and no number showing . 
 just blankness . 
 she flipped it open and said , `` hello ? '' 
 `` i did n't know your boyfriend was sohot , '' a girl 's voice said . 
 `` so much hotter than you , you know . 
 you 're dating so far outside your league , you 're making us all embarrassed . '' 
 giggles , and the voice took on a nasty edge . 
 `` he 's a rock star now , and he does n't need some flat-chested kid anymore . 
 he 's going to dump you faster than last week 's chinese food and date a real girl . 
 a porn star . '' 
 `` what -- who are you ? '' 
 `` the future mrs. shane collins . '' 
 more giggles from other girls who must have been listening . 
 `` i 'm watching it again . 
 god , he issmokin ' hot ! '' 
 a click , and claire was left with nothing . 
 not even -- when she checked -- a call history . 
 it was a blank number . 
 `` what ? '' 
 eve asked , frowning . 
 claire shook her head . 
 `` i have no idea , '' she said . 
 `` but ... it probably is n't good . '' 
 `` well , there 's a stunning surprise , '' eve said . 
 `` did n't see that coming . 
 was it monica ? '' 
 it should have been , by all logic that claire knew , but ... it had n't been monica or jennifer or any voice she knew . 
 she 'd made enemies in town , but not so many that she did n't know how to identify them . 
 so why was some random weird girl calling her aboutshane ? 
 what had she said ... ? 
 `` i 'm watching it again , '' claire said out loud . 
 eve looked at her with a frown . 
 `` watching what ? '' 
 michael asked . 
 `` exactly , '' claire said , and felt like she was falling off a cliff into the dark . 
 `` exactly . 
 something 's really , really wrong , michael . 
 i just know it ! '' 
 eleven afew months back , a girl named kim had wormed her way into eve 's friendship , and she 'd betrayed it . 
 she 'd recorded a lot of things all over morganville , but her personal favorite had been sex tapes . 
 claire , fingers trembling on the keyboard , did a search forshane collins on youtube . 
 it came back empty , and she slumped back in her chair , so relieved she thought she might faint . 
 if kim had somehow gotten that on the internet ... . 
 `` try google , '' michael said . 
 he was crouched down next to her chair . 
 eve was hovering over her shoulder , all of them fixed on the glowing screen of her laptop . 
 claire bit her lip and tried that , and results scrolled down . 
 most of them were n't abouther shane , but one caught her eye . 
 she clicked it , without even consciously realizing why she 'd picked it . 
 a web site came up , loud and red and edgy , all jagged type and torn-up graphics . 
 the banner read immortal battles . 
 an animated thing underneath asked if she had the courage to enter the game . 
 there were lots of fragments of pictures making up the splash page -- dark , gritty stuff , mostly guys looking intense and sweaty . 
 and immediately , one face jumped right out at her . 
 she gasped at the same time michael leaned forward and pointed . 
 `` that 's shane , '' he said . 
 she nodded . 
 `` click it . '' 
 `` i -- `` i do n't want to , she thought , but she squeezed her eyes shut for a second , then aimed the mouse at the glowing entry box . 
 she clicked . 
 it exploded , and the sound rattled harshly out of the speakers . 
 michael did n't flinch , but she did . 
 when the screen cleared of the animated explosion , there was a sign-in box and a link to create an account . 
 she clicked that . 
 `` it says i need a credit card , '' she said . 
 `` and that it 's a hundred bucks to sign up . '' 
 michael opened his wallet and handed over a card . 
 he had n't had it long , she guessed ; it still looked shiny and new . 
 it was black , with amelie 's logo in gray in the background and the bank 's info at the bottom . 
 `` do it , '' he said . 
 she typed in the info and handed the card back , then clicked register . 
 there was the usual wait , and then the screen cleared for a video . 
 `` that 's a vampire , '' eve said , leaning forward . 
 `` what thehell ? '' 
 `` his name is vassily , '' michael said . 
 `` i never liked him . '' 
 vassily -- whom claire had never seen before , except maybe at a distance -- was a long-haired guy only a little older in face-age than michael . 
 kind of good-looking , if you went for lots of sharp angles and arrogant smiles . 
 he was wearing period costume , which struck her as a little weird ; some vampires did , but not many . 
 they were anxious to fit in , not stand out . 
 he looked like he 'd ripped the clothes off dracula in an old black-and-white movie . 
 `` welcome , '' vassily said , and smiled . 
 he showed teeth . 
 `` to immortal battles . 
 we do n't fight to the death -- we fightbeyond death , in the world 's most dangerous sport . 
 you 'll never see ultimate fighting the same way again -- i promise you . 
 ah , i see our betting windows are open . 
 choose to view previous matches , or place a bet on an upcoming one . 
 and remember : we know who you are . '' 
 another flash of vampire teeth . 
 it was all weirdly campy . 
 `` what thehell ? '' 
 michael murmured , almost laughing . 
 `` amelie 's going to kill him . '' 
 the video went away , and claire was left with choices . 
 there were two previous-bout videos , and she clicked on the second one . 
 michael sucked in a startled breath , and so did eve . 
 two half-naked guys in a wire cage , pounding the hell out of each other . 
 nothing you could n't see on pay-per-view , except that one guy 's skin was far too pale , and where he got cut and bled , the blood was n't quite right . 
 that was a human and a vampire , fighting each other . 
 then one , the human , went down and was dragged out -- claire could n't tell if it was theater or not , or if he 'd been knocked out -- and another guy entered the cage . 
 `` no , '' she whispered . 
 `` oh no . '' 
 it was shane . 
 he looked scared but determined , eyes dark and fixed on the vampire in the cage with him . 
 the vampire hissed at him . 
 shane circled , looking for an opening . 
 `` is he insane ? '' 
 michael blurted , looking paler than ever . 
 `` he 's not even armed ! '' 
 he also was n't bruised , claire realized . 
 this had been shot before today , before she 'd seen all the bruises on his body . 
 because of that -- and only because of that -- she was able to watch as shane and the vampire bobbed , weaved , feinted ... and attacked . 
 the vampire looked weakened , thanks to the first bout , but shane looked incredibly fast and strong . 
 even so , he got pounded down , time after time . 
 claire found herself flinching every time a vampire fist landed . 
 shane kept himself alive , barely , and actually broke off one of the vampire 's fangs with an unexpected kick . 
 that earned him a slam into the wire mesh so forceful it cut the pattern into his skin . 
 `` i ca n't watch this . 
 i ca n't , '' eve said , and put her hands over her face . 
 `` he 's bleeding ! '' 
 it dawned on claire that if the fight had been dangerous before , now it was incredibly risky -- a bleeding human was like catnip to a vampire , and the one shane faced seemed to get a second wind , so to speak , and come after him with a vengeance . 
 and shane went down . 
 the vampire pinned him , and claire caught a glimpse of red , glowing eyes and one fang as it lunged for his throat . 
 shane slammed a fist into the side of the vampire 's head and snapped it sideways , and managed to use the momentum to roll him over . 
 once shane was on top , he pounded the vampire with merciless punches , over and over again , and claire could see the horror and anguish and rage that she knew was trapped deep inside him bubbling over , taking over . 
 he was n't just fighting for fun or money -- he was fighting for his mother , his sister , even his father . 
 he was fighting his nightmares and his own hatred of morganville . 
 a black-shirted referee jumped in and stopped the fight , and hefted shane 's sweating arm into the air to signal victory . 
 shane collapsed to his knees and had to be helped out of the cage . 
 but he 'd won . 
 his vampire opponent had to be carried out . 
 when the screen went dark , there was silence in the room , and then michael said , very quietly , `` look at the hit counter . '' 
 hundreds of thousands of views for this video , at a hundred dollars per account . 
 millions , for whoever was running immortal battles . 
 `` that does n't even count the betting , and youknow there 's betting . 
 shane 's not just doing this for fun . 
 he 's getting paid , '' michael said . 
 `` he 's getting paid to fight vampires . '' 
 `` click the other one , the older one , '' eve said . 
 she sounded better now that she 'd seen the ending of the first fight . 
 claire was n't so sure she could handle another one ; she never wanted to see shane like that again , or be that afraid for him . 
 but she need n't have worried , because shane was n't in this one . 
 stinky dougwas . 
 stripped down , with his hair tied back , stinky doug looked lanky , all muscle . 
 his fight was over quicker than shane 's , although he displayed the same unnerving quickness and strength . 
 it did n't go in his favor . 
 doug got his ass kicked by a slender young female vamp , and was dragged out unconscious . 
 not dead , claire knew ; from the date on the fight , this had been at least two weeks before he 'd died . 
 so stinky doug had stolen blood from the lab experimentafter this fight was filmed -- why ? 
 `` he already knew about the vamps . 
 he must have needed proof , '' she murmured . 
 `` proof of the vampires . 
 that 's why he took the blood . 
 he was going to go public , or he was blackmailing them . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 claire pointed to stinky doug 's slack face as he was dragged out of the cage . 
 `` he fought two weeks ago , right ? 
 maybe he was n't happy with what he got paid . 
 he stole vamp blood from a college lab experiment . 
 i think maybe he was going to use it for proof , or to get more money out of the immortal battles people . 
 after all , they 're playing the vampire part of it like theater . 
 like a joke . '' 
 she was right ; the comments proved it . 
 people were playing along with it , but clearly , nobodybelieved there were vampires fighting on screen . 
 they were guys in makeup . 
 but they liked it all the same . 
 claire remembered the phone call she 'd gotten that had tipped her off to the web site . 
 somebody inside morganville knew for sure , and theywould take it seriously . 
 `` there 's something else , '' michael said . 
 `` shane 's fast , yeah , sure , and he 's always been strong . 
 but he 's not superhuman . 
 or he was n't . 
 but you saw him tonight . 
 that was ... different . 
 he 's gotten faster and stronger and able to take more punishment . 
 they 've done something to him . '' 
 and it all came together in claire 's head in a blinding flash . 
 doug ... the lab experiment . 
 her discussion with frank about why someone would want vampire blood in the first place . 
 he 'd told her it would n't make a decent drug , because there was n't a high and it wore off too fast , butit made you stronger and faster . 
 `` vassily 's giving them vampire blood , '' claire said . 
 `` in the protein shakes , probably . 
 it 's a temporary boost , but it breaks down fast . '' 
 `` oh , god , '' eve said . 
 `` that 's bad . 
 that 's damn bad , is n't it ? '' 
 michael did n't deny that at all . 
 `` click on the link for upcoming bouts . '' 
 claire did . 
 in three days , shane was scheduled to fight again , this time a vampire named ... . 
 `` jester , '' michael murmured . 
 `` he 's fighting jester . 
 and jester will murder him . '' 
 he did n't mean it figuratively . 
 `` we have to get to shane and get him out of this . 
 he ca n't survive that , not even with the help of whatever they 're giving him . 
 the human body 's not made for it . '' 
 `` we have to get him out of it before amelie finds out , '' claire said , `` because she 'll kill everybody involved , no questions asked . 
 this is a high-security risk for the town . 
 she wo n't hesitate . '' 
 eve dropped down onto claire 's bed and buried her head in her hands . 
 `` and how are we supposed to do that , exactly ? 
 shane 's allgrrr now . 
 he 's not going to listen to us . 
 and he 's got an entourage of his very own tough guys who 'd gladly beat the crap out of us for breathing his air . '' 
 `` what are we going to do , then ? 
 just let himdie ? 
 formoney ? '' 
 claire stood up and glared at the web site again in utter fury . 
 her hands ached , and she did n't know why until she realized she was clenching them into tight fists . 
 that made her think about shane fighting , and that made her even angrier . 
 there was a red-hot pressure inside her head that felt like it might blow her apart . 
 `` we ca n't tell amelie . 
 we ca n't go to shane . 
 thenwhat ? '' 
 her cell phone rang . 
 she looked at the screen and it said nothing at all again . 
 her breath hissed out in a sound of pure , enraged frustration , and she answered it in a voice she hardly recognized as her own . 
 `` if you 're calling to tell me howhot it is to see my boyfriend get beaten up , i 'm going to come over there and -- '' `` it 's frank , '' said the weird mechanical voice on the other end . 
 that hit her like a bucket of ice-cold water , making her flinch and shiver at the same time.oh , god , he could hear her . 
 frank could hear any of them , anytime , if they had their cell phones on them and he cared to listen . 
 the ultimate eavesdropper , and she 'd forgotten all about it . 
 `` get here . 
 now . '' 
 `` the lab , '' she said . 
 `` no , candyland ! 
 of course the lab ! 
 and you 'd better come prepared to explain to me what the hell is happening to my son , claire . '' 
 he hung up on her . 
 she 'd just been hung up on by a disembodied brain in a jar . 
 fantastic . 
 she had n't even had time to say , do n't tell myrnin , but she did n't think frank would , anyway . 
 he 'd have picked up on how dangerous this was for shane , and if myrnin knew , well ... myrnin was n't shane 's biggest fan at the best of times . 
 claire did n't think he 'd rat shane out just because of that , but he was , ultimately , amelie 's friend first . 
 and amelie would want to know . 
 this was so dangerous.god , everywhere she turned there was risk . 
 to shane and to morganville . 
 even to the vampires , though she did n't care quite as much about that , because the vamps could always take care of themselves ... and would . 
 `` who was it ? '' 
 michael 's face was carefully blank , but she saw the glitter in his eyes . 
 he was waiting to see how much she was going to lie . 
 she sighed and told the truth . 
 `` frank collins , '' she said . 
 `` frank 's dead . '' 
 `` yes , '' she said . 
 `` and ... i have some things you 'd better know before we go any further . '' 
 `` oh , this should be good , '' eve said , in a `` not really '' voice . 
 `` somebody make popcorn . '' 
 claire told them about it on the drive to myrnin 's lab . 
 it was darkest night now , and only vampires went out by choice ; they took michael 's shiny , town-provided vampmobile , with highly tinted windows , because claire was n't absolutely sure that they 'd be back home before dawn , and , besides , it provided her and eve with some extra protection from snack-inclined vampires . 
 just in case . 
 `` so , wait , '' michael said . 
 `` back up . 
 myrnin chopped frank 's brain out and put it in a jar to hook up to his machine , after amelie told him he was officially not supposed to be working on that machine . 
 is that about right ? '' 
 `` amelie was mad at him , '' claire said . 
 `` but myrnin was going to do it , anyway , and i think she knew it . 
 it was just ... timing . 
 and whose brain he was going to get to use . 
 considering that he was thinking about using mine ... '' `` yeah , i get it ; it 's a solid win . '' 
 michael shook his head , bemused . 
 `` remind me to have myself cremated if i ever get killed around here . 
 ca n't trust anybody these days . 
 but i have to say , if i had to pick somebody to trap in a jar for eternity , i 'd vote frank collins every chance i got . 
 he did n't deserve to live , but he did deserve to suffer . 
 he 's suffering , right ? '' 
 `` well ... i guess . '' 
 claire had n't seen much evidence of suffering , actually , but michael seemed pretty happy about the whole idea . 
 `` the point is that frank is connected to a lot of sensors , cameras , cell phone networks , internet feeds ... i 'm guessing that the site we looked at was encrypted , though , because he did n't start yelling about things until we started talking about them . 
 he could n't see it . '' 
 `` somebody knew enough to take precautions , '' michael agreed . 
 `` somebody on team vampire . '' 
 `` like vassily , '' eve said . 
 `` or gloriana , that bitch . '' 
 `` she 's not that bad . '' 
 `` michael , you 're going to want to stop defending her now before i have to cut you somewhere you 'll feel it . '' 
 `` ouch . '' 
 `` fiancee , '' eve said , pointing one black fingernail at her chest . 
 `` donot defend her to me . 
 she tried to drag you off to her lair . 
 i 'll bet she has a lair . 
 and a boudoir in her lair . '' 
 michael gave up . 
 claire thought she saw him smiling , but if he did , he made it vanish pretty fast . 
 `` who 's frank likely to tell ? 
 myrnin ? '' 
 `` maybe , '' claire said . 
 `` and myrnin will blab to amelie , and then -- '' `` and then the vampires involved get a slap on the wrist , and the humans involved get dead , and we redefinesnafu in our time , '' eve said . 
 michael made a left turn . 
 claire had no idea where they were ; it was featureless blackness out the windows . 
 michael was the only one who had the super eyesight to make anything out . 
 `` we should have taken the portal . '' 
 `` and what happens if frank decides to lock down the portals to keep us from leaving ? '' 
 michael said . 
 `` i like having my own transportation . '' 
 he had a point . 
 claire did n't trust the portal system , which amelie and oliver -- and sometimes myrnin -- used to skulk around the town . 
 sure , it was all magically amazing until it stopped working . 
 she 'd seen it stop working midtransit . 
 the results had n't been pretty . 
 michael braked . 
 `` we 're here . '' 
 `` maybe you guys should -- '' `` go in with you , '' eve said . 
 `` because we 're not dumping you off on the curb like an abandoned puppy , claire . 
 you know that 's not happening . '' 
 she did know , and she was grateful . 
 very grateful . 
 michael , though , had one more question , as they were walking down the alley toward the lab , lit eerily by the bobbing flare of the little flashlight eve kept in her bag for emergencies . 
 `` does shane know ? 
 about his dad being kind of alive ? '' 
 `` no , '' claire admitted . 
 `` i did n't want to tell him . 
 i thought , maybe later . 
 it was too soon . 
 he 'd just come to terms with losing him . 
 i could n't stand to see him hurt all over again . '' 
 `` i probably would have done the same thing , '' michael said . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 `` do n't thank me . 
 just because i 'd have done it does n't mean it was right . '' 
 that was not exactly comforting . 
 claire thought about it all the way inside the leaning , dry-rotted shack that stood at the end of the narrowing alley , and down the unlit steps that led to myrnin 's lab . 
 she was prepared for myrnin to be there , but he was n't . 
 she found the light controls and brought up the glow on the wall sconces . 
 the lab looked its usual disorderly self , half cool steampunk junk shop , half dump . 
 she still had n't broken him of the habit of leaving stacks of books everywhere , including blocking the paths between the lab tables . 
 he 'd just gotten in a new shipment , she saw . 
 more alchemy books . 
 the top one , designed in garish black and yellow and white , was titledalchemy for idiots . 
 he 'd probably picked that one out just for her . 
 `` myrnin ? '' 
 she called out , but not very loudly . 
 no sign of him . 
 when she raised her eyebrows at michael , he shook his head . 
 not here , then . 
 that was confirmed by the flickering black-and-white ghost dressed in motorcycle leathers that appeared at the far end of the lab and came toward them at a brisk walk , passing through everything in his way ... stacks of books , lab tables , and eve , who was n't looking the right way at that moment . 
 she squawked and jumped back as frank collins 's arm thrust its way through her stomach . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 he smiled . 
 with frank 's craggy , scarred face , it was a gruesome sight , especially in horror-movie black-and-white . 
 `` do n't stand in the way if you do n't want to get hurt , '' he said , and dropped his arm back to his side . 
 `` i see you brought your friends , claire . '' 
 `` i did n't have a choice . 
 they needed to know about you . '' 
 `` in your opinion . '' 
 `` yes . 
 in my opinion . '' 
 claire stared at him , and he stared back , and finally frank shrugged . 
 `` fine by me , but keep my son out of it . 
 by the way , myrnin 's not home . '' 
 `` where is he ? '' 
 `` hunting , '' frank said . 
 claire stiffened . 
 `` myrnin does n't hunt . 
 he has regular blood deliveries . '' 
 frank just looked at her , then at michael . 
 `` you . 
 best friend . 
 what the hell 's going on with my son ? '' 
 michael exchanged a quick glance with the others , then said , `` probably easier if i show you . 
 got a computer ? 
 one with internet ? '' 
 `` yeah , over there . '' 
 frank pointed , and claire led the way to the laptop that she kept in the corner , the one that she 'd set up for myrnin but he never seemed to use . 
 `` i was monitoring your keystrokes , but i could n't see the web site . 
 somebody 's gone to some trouble to blind me . '' 
 claire pulled up the immortal battles site . 
 `` can you see it now ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 frank 's insubstantial , flickering ghost leaned forward , frowning . 
 `` just a blank screen . 
 white noise . '' 
 `` try this , '' eve said . 
 she took out her cell phone and turned on the camera , then focused it on the screen . 
 `` can you see it now ? '' 
 he was n't looking at her cell phone screen , but he grunted in acknowledgment . 
 `` that works , '' he said . 
 `` i can see your cell in real time , so i can watch it through your camera . 
 good thinking . 
 all right . 
 show me . '' 
 he did n't have any comment until claire loaded up the video of shane 's first fight . 
 as he watched the boy get thrown into the fence and then turn it around on the vampire , he did the thing claire most dreaded . 
 he smiled in genuine pride . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 she said sharply . 
 `` your son is beinghurt . 
 i know you 're an abusive asshole , but could you maybe focus on the fact that he could have beenkilled ? 
 maybe ? '' 
 frank lost the smile , but the pride remained . 
 `` he won , '' he said . 
 `` my son won a bare-knuckles fight with a vampire . 
 you , glass . 
 you want to tell me how unlikely that is ? '' 
 `` pretty damn unlikely , '' michael said . 
 `` but claire 's got a point . '' 
 `` i trained my son to survive in morganville . 
 i 'm not apologizing for that . '' 
 `` you beat the hell out of him , '' michael said , and behind his soft tone there was steely anger . 
 `` i remember how many times he came to my house to stay the night because he could n't face going home to you . 
 how many times he had bruises from yourtraining . 
 my parents did n't do that to me to train me to survive . '' 
 `` yeah , '' frank said . 
 `` and look how you turned out , glass , with all the blood drinking . 
 no offense . '' 
 `` lots taken , '' michael said . 
 `` and by the way , you wound up with fangs , too . 
 so screw you and your self-justification for being worst parent of our lifetime , drunken ass division . '' 
 `` i 'd kick your disrespectful butt if i still had legs , but i 'll let it go . 
 for now , '' frank said . 
 `` so my son 's tangled up with this . 
 i 'll admit , it 's risky , but it 's right up his alley . '' 
 `` he 's doing it for money , '' claire said . 
 `` good for him . 
 i 'd have done the same thing myself if it had been around in my day . 
 good training and cash , plus the chance to pound some bloodsucker in the face . '' 
 `` it 's illegal ! '' 
 frank shrugged . 
 `` maybe . 
 but who cares ? '' 
 `` frank , it 's run byvampires . 
 they 're getting rich off your son 's blood ! '' 
 michael said . 
 frank raised his eyebrows . 
 `` you think that 's a news flash ? 
 that 's how it 's been from the beginning , glass . 
 humans get boned ; vampires get rich . 
 it 's their whole lifestyle . '' 
 claire shook her head . 
 `` maybe , but i guarantee you that ameliedoes n't know about this particular little project , and she 's going to care big-time . 
 anything that puts morganville on the radar is a bad thing , right ? '' 
 `` eh , '' frank said . 
 `` they 're playing it for the cheap seats , all opera capes and bad transylvanian accents . 
 nobody out there 's going to take it seriously . 
 they 're watching it for the fighting . 
 they do n't believe for a second there are actual vampires involved . 
 not much of a risk . '' 
 `` maybe not , but what happens when somebody takes it seriously and sends somebody to check it out ? 
 it would make a hell of a60 minutes story , '' michael said . 
 `` one guy already tried to extort them for money . 
 he 's dead . '' 
 `` wait , '' claire said as frank opened his mouth to reply . 
 not that he needed to have a mouth to talk ; it was just theater . 
 his voice was coming out of her phone . 
 he waited while she thought for a second . 
 `` michael.bishop killed stinky doug . 
 that 's what jason told me . '' 
 `` and -- oh . '' 
 eve 's eyes grew very wide . 
 `` wait . 
 you saw jason ? 
 where ? '' 
 dammit , again she was saying things she should n't have been . 
 too late to call that back , anyway . 
 `` he 's been arrested , '' claire said . 
 `` again . 
 sorry . '' 
 `` and you were going to tell me that my brother was in jailwhen , exactly ? '' 
 `` when they said i could . 
 i 'm sorry , eve , but that 's not the point . 
 jason accused bishop . '' 
 `` wait , the bishop ? 
 evil old man who is supposed to bedead -- that bishop ? '' 
 this was a house of cards , and it was all crashing down around her . 
 claire decided she could n't care about that , not now . 
 better to try to get it all out in the open . 
 `` bishop broke out , '' she said . 
 `` and the next thing anybody knew , he grabbed jason and had him take him to stinky doug . 
 then he killed him . 
 jason did n't know why . '' 
 `` but we do now , '' michael said . 
 `` doug was trying to blackmail immortal battles . 
 he lifted vampire blood and was probably planning to go to a reporter with it , along with his story and the web site evidence . 
 proof . '' 
 `` proof nobody could afford , not even bishop , '' claire said . 
 `` so no more doug . 
 but the thing is , bishop had to already know about the fighting . 
 he was in on it . 
 or behind it . 
 amelie 's got a full-scale search going for bishop , and she 's going to find out about this , probably soon . '' 
 michael leaned against a lab table and crossed his arms . 
 `` that means shane will be just as guilty as everybody else , for aiding and abetting , '' he said . 
 `` you know how she 's going to feel about that . 
 and if we knew and did n't tell her , we 'll be there right alongside him . '' 
 `` i know howi 'm going to feel , '' eve said . 
 `` i 'm going to feel sorry , because i do n't look good in prison clothes . 
 or i 'll be dead , in which case i wo n't feel much . 
 claire , sweetie , i hate to say this , but i do n't think we have a choice . 
 we have to tell somebody . 
 wehave to . '' 
 `` but shane -- '' `` shane needs to understand that this little sideshow is over , like it or not , '' frank said . 
 `` and that he 's falling with it if he stays . 
 he 'd better decide to end up on amelie 's side , not bishop 's , because claire is right : bishop in the mix changes it from illegal fun to a serious threat . '' 
 `` shane does n't know about bishop 's involvement . 
 i 'm sure . 
 he 'd never have anything to do with it if he had any clue , '' claire said . 
 `` we just have to tell him , that 's all . 
 he 'll break it off . '' 
 `` that ` sall , '' michael said . 
 `` you were there , right ? 
 the last time we tried to talk to him ? '' 
 claire took a deep breath . 
 `` no offense , michael , but i think -- i think it was you who really caused the problem . 
 not what you said . 
 what youare . 
 somehow he 's gotten conditioned to be angry whenever it involves vampires . 
 you saw how he treated eve , and helikes eve . 
 i think i have to talk to him alone . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 eve blurted that out , but she did n't back down when claire turned to her . 
 `` no , seriously , just ... no , honey . 
 you ca n't , claire . 
 you saw how he was . 
 if you go alone he might ... he might hurt you . 
 i know you do n't think he will , but i saw him . 
 i know he could . 
 i hate it , and i wish it was n't true , but ... you ca n't take that risk . '' 
 `` youtake that risk all the time with michael , '' claire said , and stepped forward to touch eve 's choker , beneath which lay bite marks . 
 `` you trust he 'll know how far to go . 
 right ? 
 i trust shane . 
 i have to trust him . '' 
 `` well ... they 'll never let you in , '' eve said , but she sounded doubtful now rather than definite . 
 `` you 'd never make it past the bouncer . '' 
 claire locked eyes with her and held the stare , trying to put all her grief and passion into it . 
 `` i have to , '' she said . 
 `` please understand.please . '' 
 eve did n't want to , but she finally , unwillingly nodded . 
 when michael tried to interject , she shook her head firmly . 
 `` she 's right , mike . 
 she 's not a little kid ; we ca n't always be there . 
 and she 's also right about how shane feels about vampires . 
 if either one of us shows up , it kicks it up to a whole new level . 
 if she 's alone , it 's more personal . 
 and no matter how wack shane may be right now , i ca n't believe he would hurt her , not on purpose . '' 
 michael clearly had his doubts , but he held up both hands to signal surrender . 
 `` first we wait to see if he comes home tomorrow , '' he said . 
 `` if he does n't , then we 'll drive you to the gym and wait for you -- and frank monitors your signal . 
 any sign of trouble , he pushes the alarm button , and all bets are off . 
 oh , and we tell amelie . 
 immediately , regardless of how that conversation goes with shane . '' 
 claire did n't like it particularly , but she could see the wisdom of it , too . 
 it had n't occurred to her , but since she knew frank could use the camera , too , she could be wearing her cell phone around her neck with the camera activated , and he could see and hear everything . 
 he 'd wanted eyes and ears inside the gym ; this was the best she could do . 
 `` i 'll go there tomorrow , '' she said . 
 `` if he does n't come home tonight . '' 
 `` hang on , '' frank said . 
 `` what about this web site ? '' 
 `` can you block access ? '' 
 `` only for people inside of town . '' 
 `` how about , you know , launching some kind of attack ? 
 like a virus or a denial of service ? '' 
 frank blinked . 
 `` no idea what you 're talking about . 
 look , i was never the internet guy . 
 and it 's pretty freaking strange to be -- this . 
 i got no idea how to do that denial of whatever . 
 and i do n't have any viruses . '' 
 `` what if i give you one ? '' 
 `` try it , and you wo n't need to be afraid of what my son does . '' 
 `` okay , right . 
 never mind , '' claire said . 
 `` it was just an idea . 
 obviously not a very good one . '' 
 `` bad enough i 'm stuck like this , without you getting any ideas about making me sick like the last occupant . '' 
 meaning ada , myrnin 's old assistant . 
 and girlfriend . 
 claire was suddenly glad she had n't suggested the whole virus thing while myrnin was around , because he would surely have beenvery unhappy with her . 
 and as if she 'd conjured him up , thanks to even thinking his name , frank suddenly turned to face the side of the lab where the portal door was located . 
 `` he 's coming back , '' he said . 
 `` nobody tells him nothing . '' 
 and just like that , frank vanished , leaving behind nothing but a trailing hiss of static in claire 's cell phone speaker , just as a pool of darkness formed inside an open doorway , then rippled into what looked like a dimly lit library . 
 myrnin stepped through , and the portal collapsed behind him into darkness . 
 he shut the wooden door and padlocked it , rolled the bookcase back in front of it as additional cover , and , without turning around , said , `` to what do i owe the pleasure of your company , uninvited guests ? '' 
 he did n't sound happy . 
 or even , as was more typical for myrnin , wacky . 
 bad sign . 
 `` i. . . 
 needed to check on something , '' claire said . 
 `` sorry . 
 we were just leaving . '' 
 `` were you ? '' 
 he turned , clasping his hands behind him . 
 he looked very old-school myrnin , formally dressed , even down to shiny boots . 
 well , the shirt and vestmight have clashed , but apart from that , he 'd obviously been somewhere that did n't accept his usual wardrobe choices . 
 like , say , amelie 's office . 
 `` there are a number of odd things happening in this town , claire . 
 most notably , the behavior of you and your friends . 
 including that boy most strangely absent from your little group . 
 i do n't often see him separated from you . '' 
 she felt a prickling of fear and tried not to let it show . 
 `` he 's busy , '' she said . 
 `` so am i. '' she nodded to michael and eve and headed for the stairs . 
 myrnin got there ahead of her . 
 she came to a fast stop , wondering what the hell was up with himthis time . 
 she 'd seen so much insanity from him that it was tough to work up real terror anymore . 
 he 'd wig out on her and grow fangs , or not . 
 but she was n't going to let him stop her . 
 `` wait , '' he said . 
 not angry after all , and not crazy . 
 he looked worried and sad . 
 `` you know that you can trust me , do n't you ? 
 you understand that i 'm your friend . 
 i am . 
 i have always tried to be . '' 
 `` i know , '' she said . 
 it sounded hollow , because it was n't true . 
 she 'd seen myrnin be a whole lot of things , and she knew better than anyone how fragile he was . 
 she could n't depend on his current mood . 
 she justcould n't . 
 there was too much at stake . 
 `` you 'd tell me if there was anything wrong , would n't you ? 
 something with which i might help ? '' 
 `` it 's -- '' she swallowed and studied her scuffed shoes . 
 `` shane and i had a fight . 
 that 's all . 
 it 's -- making me feel pretty awful . 
 i 'm sorry if i have n't been myself . '' 
 `` yes , '' myrnin said a little helplessly . 
 `` well . 
 i see how that might -- and i 'm , of course , the last one to criticize anyone for not being themselves -- but are you sure it 's not ... ? 
 perhaps it 's for the best that you and the boy -- '' she felt tears burning in her eyes , real and instant , and looked up to glare at him through them . 
 `` just leave it alone , okay ? 
 it 's personal ! '' 
 he was so surprised that he stepped aside , and she charged up the steps , panting with emotion that she could n't control and did n't have the vaguest idea of what had brought it up . 
 everything , she guessed . 
 stress , worry , shane , morganville , myrnin . 
 constantly being the one who had to beokay . 
 she was so tired of beingokay . 
 outside , in the alley , she realized that eve was yelling her name , but she hit the pavement running . 
 she had to run ; she could n't control it , even though it was dark and a dumb idea , and when she hit a trash can with a crash and went flying , she expected , with a kind of fatalistic satisfaction , to get hurt . 
 maybe badly . 
 only she did n't , of course , because michael had gotten ahead of her by doing that vampire jumping thing and was there to catch her , and she yanked free of his kindness , still furious . 
 `` just leave me alone ! '' 
 she shouted . 
 it was shockingly loud . 
 lights went on after a few seconds in the day house , next to the alley . 
 she 'd woken up old gramma day , another thing to feel bad about . 
 `` i do n't need your help ! '' 
 except she had , of course . 
 she was n't quite stupid enough to run the rest of the way ; she walked , kicking bottles and trash out of her way with bitter anger , until she arrived back at michael 's car . 
 she yanked at the handle , but it did n't open . 
 locked , of course . 
 it beeped at her softly as michael remotely unlocked it , but he did n't come closer as she pulled it open and got in and slumped in the backseat , feeling blackly miserably . 
 she probably should apologize , she realized . 
 but she did n't care . 
 michael got in the driver 's side , and eve , after bending over to look at her over the seat , got into the shotgun position . 
 nobody said a word . 
 the engine started and the car pulled away with a crunch of tires , and michael said , `` i think gramma day thinks i 've just abducted you . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 claire snapped . 
 `` because she 's out on her porch , loading up a shotgun . '' 
 he hit the gas . 
 `` good thing she does n't keep it ready and waiting , or we 'd be in a little bit of trouble . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 some of her anger managed to fade away as she considered what could have happened . 
 what if eve had gotten caught in the crossfire ? 
 michael would n't have been hurt , but eve ... `` i did n't mean for that to happen . '' 
 eve cupped her ear at claire . 
 `` i 'm sorry -- was that an apology ? 
 because it did n't sound like one . '' 
 `` do n't push it . '' 
 `` i 'm not , but you 're acting like a drama princess . '' 
 `` drama queen . '' 
 `` hello , no . 
 you need alot more practice at door slamming , flouncing , and pouting before you can even pretend to deserve my throne , bitch . 
 but you 're coming along . '' 
 eve paused and fixed her with a long , serious look . 
 `` that was n't a compliment , by the way . 
 in case you 're wondering . '' 
 `` i was n't . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 eve faced forward . 
 `` i get it , though . 
 it 's all coming down around you , you do n't know what to do , it 's all too big and too scary to face , much less fight , so the first person who shows you compassion gets slapped . 
 been there so often , i pay rent . '' 
 `` i -- '' claire intended to defend herself , but after running it through her head , that was a pretty accurate assessment , all things considered . 
 she finally shrugged . 
 `` i guess . '' 
 `` progress . '' 
 eve laughed . 
 `` i love you , cb , but let 's face it : we can all be tools . 
 it 's in our dna . 
 yeah , even yours , michael . '' 
 she punched his arm . 
 he pretended to feel it . 
 `` so . 
 next step . 
 we go home , get a good night 's rest , hope shane slinks back with his tail between his legs and realizes what a douche he 's been . 
 right ? '' 
 `` that 's the plan , '' michael said . 
 he did n't sound optimistic . 
 `` give him some time . 
 but one way or another , tomorrow we go to amelie and tell her everything we know . 
 including about shane . '' 
 claire raised her chin and stared at the back of his curly blond head , because that had n't sounded quite right , either . 
 not the words ; the tone . 
 something just a shade off . 
 `` michael ? 
 you 're not going to run off and do anything dumbtonight , are you ? '' 
 `` last time i checked , i was n't the one running full speed in the dark in vampireville . '' 
 that checked her for long enough until they pulled up at the curb at their house on lot street , and by the time eve and michael were out of the car , claire had forgotten the original question . 
 twelve claire got up early , mostly because she just could n't sleep , and checked shane 's room . 
 empty , and just as messy as it had been the last time she 'd seen it . 
 the pillow was even in the exact same position , half off the bed , with the sheets twisted over the side next to it . 
 she noticed things like where his head had been the last time he 'd slept there . 
 she walked over , like a sleepwalker , and in the gray predawn light put her hand in the hollow where his hair had been pressed not so long ago . 
 it was cold , of course . 
 she picked up the pillow and hugged it , burying her face in it , and the smell of him flooded into her , overwhelmed her , and she sank down on the narrow bed and just ... collapsed . 
 her eyelids felt raw from lack of sleep and crying , and she felt empty . 
 exhausted . 
 when her eyes were closed , all she could see was that cold , set expression on shane 's face as he 'd punched that vampire over and over . 
 it was n't the same shane who 'd been here with her , who 'd been right here in this bed , holding her , who 'd critiqued new songs with her until she 'd lost her breath laughing , and tickled her and kissed her and whispered how much he loved her . 
 that shane was n't here , and she did n't know if he was anywhere or if he was coming back . 
 no . 
 he 's coming back . 
 i 'm going to get him back . 
 somehow . 
 she was n't thinking of anything specific , nothing on the order of a plan , but all of a sudden she had a vision of the web site . 
 immortal battles.someone knew something , and it was n't just vassily and bishop and gloriana . 
 vampires were n't generally computer savvy . 
 a few , maybe , but it was much more likely that a human was doing their web work for them . 
 maybe even someone inside morganville , since they 'd specially coded it to be invisible to morganville 's monitoring sensors . 
 she sat straight up in shane 's cold bed , pillow still held in her arms , and stared at the mirror on the wall . 
 she looked awful -- dark circles around her eyes , hair a mess , skin sallow . 
 but shefelt better . 
 because she had a good idea of what to do next . 
 was it safe ? 
 no , definitely not . 
 but waiting to see if shane might change his mind was worse than torture . 
 it was like being eaten an atom at a time . 
 claire raced back to her room , grabbed clothes , showered in record time , tied her shoulder-length hair back in a sloppy knot , and was down the stairs and out the back door without even stopping for coffee , although she did take her book bag , mainly because it contained her wallet and some potentially useful vampire-repelling equipment . 
 because she was going to see the wizard . 
 not myrnin ... thereal wizard . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 amelie said . 
 `` you barge in on me without an appointment , in my office , and you expect me to grant your request without an adequate explanation ? 
 not like you , claire . 
 not like you at all . '' 
 amelie , regardless of the hour , looked cool and fresh and unnaturally beautiful . 
 she was wearing pale blue today , in a straight , subdued style , although she 'd condescended to put on pants . 
 she even had on pearls . 
 at six in the morning . 
 claire stood , because she had n't been invited to take one of the thick leather armchairs next to the desk , and , besides , she was n't in a sitting kind of mood . 
 amelie 's office in founder 's square had been a little tricky to access ; she did n't want to use portals , and popping in uninvited on the big vampire boss -lrb- much less popping in with a bag full of antivampire equipment -rrb- probably was n't a fabulous survival tactic , anyway . 
 but getting through the levels of guards and social secretaries also had n't been easy . 
 amelie had hired someone to sit at a desk in front of her office , and that vampire -- the nameplate on her desk said her name was bizzie o'meara , and she 'd looked deadly serious about her job -- had n't been at all understanding about the concept of emergencies . 
 amelie herself had opened the door , looking cross at all the noise , and waved claire inside . 
 that did n't mean , however , that claire was welcome . 
 just stuck . 
 `` well ? '' 
 amelie said . 
 that tone was about as close as the founder of morganville ever came to showing temper , at least with humans . 
 there was an icy , cutting edge to it that left the unmistakable impression of a threat , even if the details were n't exactly specified . 
 `` explain yourself . '' 
 `` i ca n't , '' claire said , and readjusted the book bag on her shoulder . 
 `` not yet , anyway . 
 i 'm investigating . 
 when i 'm sure about what i know , i 'll tell you . 
 but in order to get proof , i need access to someone who 's being held for crimes against morganville . '' 
 amelie raised her eyebrows about a millimeter . 
 `` really . 
 of course , the answer to that would be no . '' 
 `` but i need -- '' `` prisoners who are held on that particular charge do n't get visitors , claire . 
 nor do they get furloughs . 
 they are mine , for life , to do with as i wish . 
 and this ... individual ... may not even be alive , for all you know . '' 
 that was scarily true . 
 claire hesitated , then said , `` kim . '' 
 `` kim , '' amelie repeated , as if she had no idea who claire was talking about . 
 `` oh.her . 
 well , yes , she is alive -- i 'd hardly execute someone so young , even if she is unpleasant and unmanageable . 
 she remains in custody , as she will at my pleasure until she proves to me that she deserves to see daylight once again . '' 
 `` she 's good at doing things online that even you and myrnin could n't find , and that 's pretty rare . 
 i need her expertise . '' 
 claire was in danger of giving things away and she knew it ; she had no idea if frank would lie to the founder , or even if hecould . 
 part of what drove him was machinery and programming ; his human brain might want to lie for his son , but what about the rest of him ? 
 she could n't be sure about anything . 
 `` i need her help to find someone . '' 
 `` does this have to do with my father ? '' 
 that was an extremely dangerous question , because it did , in a small and indirect way , but to answeryes meant spilling everything . 
 it was ninety percentno , anyway . 
 `` not directly , '' claire said . 
 `` but it might help . '' 
 `` hmmm . 
 and do you think she 'd actually help you ? '' 
 amelie sat down at her desk , looking every inch the woman in charge . 
 `` i think you do n't know this kim very well . 
 she loathes you , in particular , more than anyone else . 
 even more than me , i believe . '' 
 `` because of shane . 
 yeah , i know . 
 she likes him . '' 
 amelie just shrugged , completely uninterested in mere mortal feelings . 
 `` i think she 'll help me on this . 
 please . 
 just let me talk to her . 
 i do need her help . '' 
 amelie drummed her pale-pink-painted fingernails on the desk in a slow rhythm , staring at claire with those unsettling gray eyes . 
 her phone gave a low buzz for attention . 
 she ignored it . 
 `` i do n't like you assuming that you have the run of my office , claire . 
 are we understood ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 more drumming . 
 claire could n't stop glancing at those long , shapely , pale fingers , with their razor-sharp -lrb- and perfectly manicured -rrb- nails . 
 as amelie probably intended . 
 `` all right , '' amelie said . 
 `` i 'll give you access for five minutes . 
 if you can get that person to agree , i will let her help you on this ... project . 
 but she can not leave her confinement . 
 are we understood ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 thank you . '' 
 `` do n't thank me , '' amelie said . 
 `` you 're not going alone . '' 
 she pressed a button on the phone , which had stopped buzzing , and said , `` bizzie . 
 please get michael glass to my office immediately . '' 
 `` ma'am , '' bizzie 's disembodied voice said . 
 `` oliver is calling for you . '' 
 `` oliver can wait . 
 i want michael here . 
 send a car . '' 
 `` yes , madam founder . '' 
 `` you , claire , '' amelie said , lifting her finger from the phone button , `` will sit and be quiet . 
 i am greatly annoyed with your behavior . 
 i realize that it is all the rage among young people to defy authority , but i do not tolerate it . 
 not in my presence . '' 
 `` it 's not -- '' oh , what was the use ? 
 claire dropped her book bag to the floor and sat , folding her arms . 
 she knew that looked defensive . 
 she did n't care . 
 `` i 'm not defying you . 
 it 's just that i want to be sure of things before i tell you about them . '' 
 `` that 's quite an interesting assumption to make , as i may not require the gift of your expertise , '' amelie said . 
 `` for instance , i am well aware that my father , bishop , is missing . 
 i am also aware that several vampires once loyal to him have been acting oddly , and several who were not are now missing . 
 i am aware that gloriana 's presence in this town is somewhat ... unsettling for many , although perhaps not for oliver . '' 
 she sounded just a shade sharp on that last part . 
 aboutoliver ? 
 weird . 
 `` has gloriana , perhaps , decided to practice her wiles on your shane , then ? '' 
 that wasway too close to the truth . 
 `` oliver says she 's not interested in human boys that way . '' 
 that was true . 
 it just did n't quite answer the question . 
 `` she went after michael ; that 's what eve said . '' 
 `` yes , i 'm aware of that . 
 but it seems to have passed without any significant bloodshed . '' 
 more fingernail drumming . 
 when claire glanced at amelie 's face , she saw the vampire was staring out her tinted windows , which minimized the rising sun . 
 there was a distant expression on her face . 
 amelie could look almost as young as claire herself sometimes ; she 'd probably been only about twenty when she 'd become what she was now . 
 but just now , she looked her actual age , with all the weight of centuries on that smooth , unlined face . 
 `` you 're well aware how dangerous this town is , claire . 
 but what you may not understand , not fully , is that it is held together by will . 
 my will . 
 without my influence , vampires would fight for control , and humans would be slaughtered in the streets . 
 not all my kind have the vision to understand that such behavior is ... counterproductive to the long-term survival of my species . 
 like some of your own contemporaries , younger vampires want what they want , when they want it , regardless of consequences . '' 
 she paused for a moment . 
 claire did n't know if she was supposed to say anything , so she kept quiet . 
 `` i 've been struggling to educate them for many years . 
 and , in truth , i 'm growing tired of the struggle . 
 i remember what it was like when i had no responsibilities , no worries . 
 and that is beginning to seem quite good to me . '' 
 that seemed ominous . 
 `` what ... what do you mean ? '' 
 amelie 's gray gaze came back to her , but the expression did n't change . 
 `` morganville is an experiment , '' she said . 
 `` one i 've fostered and encouraged for a long time , in human terms , and even for a significant period in vampire measures . 
 but it does n't seem to me that my kind have learned much about living among humans productively . 
 or that humans have learned how to tolerate our differences . 
 oliver thinks it 's a fool 's errand , you know . 
 and he may be right about that . '' 
 `` it 's not , '' claire said . 
 `` i know there are problems ; there are always problems . 
 people -- people ca n't even live with each other without violence and problems , much less with you . 
 but somehow we manage . 
 wecan manage . '' 
 `` i 've always thought so , '' amelie said softly . 
 `` and i 've fought for that principle . 
 i 've bled for it . 
 i 've buried loved ones for it . 
 but what if i 'm wrong , claire ? 
 what if morganville is a folly of arrogance ? 
 you know as well as i that there are humans who will never accept living with us . 
 and vampires who will never accept living with humans . 
 what are we fighting so hard to prove ? '' 
 claire did n't know how they 'd gotten to this ; it felt completely wrong to be having this conversation . 
 she was n't old enough ; she did n't understand where it was coming from . 
 and hearing thatamelie had doubts ... that hurt . 
 and it scared her.so many things crashing down . 
 maybe she was n't the only one with that feeling , she realized with a start . 
 that was a new and entirely unpleasant sort of thought . 
 it actually made her blink . 
 she fell back on something her parents had taught her . 
 `` anything worthwhile is worth fighting for , '' claire said . 
 `` not always with guns and stuff . 
 but with ... taking a stand . 
 right ? '' 
 amelie seemed to focus on her again . 
 for a few seconds she regarded her , frowning , and then smiled just a little . 
 `` so i recall , '' she said . 
 `` not all wars are waged with bullets and swords , indeed . 
 some are wars of wills and ideas . 
 it 's good we both remember that . '' 
 the smile faded . 
 `` but not all ideas win the war , and not all wills are strong enough . 
 darkness can descend so easily . '' 
 `` it wo n't here , '' claire said . 
 `` we just have to be stronger . '' 
 amelie inclined her head , but claire could n't tell if it was agreement . 
 she frowned again , this time at the phone , and after a hesitation , pushed the intercom button . 
 `` bizzie ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` have you confirmation that michael is in the car ? '' 
 the answer came back immediately . 
 `` no , founder . 
 the car is there , but the others in the house report that michael glass isnot there . '' 
 `` not there , '' amelie repeated . 
 `` very well . 
 call his cell phone . 
 i believe he has one of those . 
 i will wait . '' 
 bizzie left the speaker on as she dialed . 
 it rang and rang on the other end , and then michael 's recorded voice said , `` michael glass 's phone . 
 leave a message , '' over the sound of his guitar . 
 it cut off . 
 bizzie said , `` madam ? 
 no answer . '' 
 `` i can hear that , '' amelie said . 
 she looked at claire . 
 `` do you know where he is ? '' 
 `` no , '' claire said . 
 she felt her stomach tightening unpleasantly . 
 `` he -- we all went home last night . 
 i do n't know why he 's not there . '' 
 but she did . 
 deep down , she did . 
 michael had tried something , something that had got him in trouble -- and , worse , he had n't even told anyone . 
 eve was going to kill him . 
 and if eve did n't , claire decided she 'd be next in line . 
 the idea of michael going missingnow made her feel as shaky as if the earth under her feet had moved . 
 michael was a rock ; even the first time she 'd met him , as a half ghost , he 'd been the calmest and most capable one of the group . 
 but this time , if he 'd gone off on his own , he 'd made a mistake . 
 a big one . 
 amelie must have read something on her face , because she said , `` have my car brought around , bizzie . 
 the usual complement of guards . '' 
 `` yes , founder . '' 
 amelie rose to her feet . 
 claire just stared at her in confusion , until she said , `` i am , of course , going with you . 
 and you will tell me where you believe michael might have gone , because i am not losing yet another of my people to this mystery . '' 
 claire resisted the urge to say , yes , founder , and silently -- in defeat -- followed her to the limousine . 
 byusual complement , amelie must have meant `` more vampires than a dracula convention '' because besides amelie and her driver , there were two silent , suit-wearing guards in sunglasses , and a heavily tinted town car carrying four more that followed along . 
 amelie ignored their presence -- but then , she 'd grown up in an age when servants were no more than moving furniture -- and leaned forward , hands clasped . 
 she still sat like a lady , knees together and demurely angled , even though she was wearing pants . 
 `` now , '' she said . 
 `` you will tell me everything you declined to tell me earlier . 
 we are past the amusingly amateur portion of this problem . 
 if you know where my father is , or even suspect you have a clue , no matter how small , youwill tell me . '' 
 claire felt sick , hot , and trapped -- mostly because shewas trapped , no doubt about it . 
 she squeezed her eyes shut and said , `` if i tell you everything , you have to make me a promise . '' 
 ominous silence , broken only by the faint hiss of the road noise beneath the car . 
 claire had no idea where they were heading , and realized that she 'd just done the same thing michael had : she 'd taken off without letting anyone know where she was going . 
 she could disappear just as quickly . 
 she risked a look at amelie , and saw the same expectant , waiting expression . 
 no anger yet . 
 amelie smiled , very slightly -- in fact , if claire had n't known her as well as she did , she 'd never have seen it at all . 
 `` you 're always asking for promises , claire . 
 sometimes that seems charming , as if you simply expect me to be honorable enough to keep them . '' 
 `` how about today ? '' 
 amelie inclined her head . 
 that was n't a yes , though ; claire could see it in the cold glitter of her eyes . 
 `` it 's just that if shane ... if shane 's got anything to do with this , it 's because he 's been glamoured . 
 by gloriana . 
 it 's not his choice . 
 and he 'd never , ever help bishop . 
 you know that . '' 
 it came out in a rush , and even to her ears , it sounded incoherent . 
 amelie straightened , settled back in her seat , and said , `` from the beginning . '' 
 claire tried . 
 she thought about holding some things back , but the truth was that it was all going to come out sooner rather than later , and lying to amelie 's face ... well , that was n't a good strategy . 
 amelie was understanding sometimes . 
 still , claire cringed when she had to mention shane . 
 all she could think about was how bad it had been when he 'd been accused of the murder of one of amelie 's own , when he 'd been trapped and condemned and she 'd felt so useless to save him . 
 here it was again -- that black , swelling , suffocating sense of utter helplessness . 
 amelie made no comments and had no physical reactions to what claire said . 
 she looked not at claire , but at the scenery beyond the tinted window -- visible to her eyes , presumably , though claire felt like she was confined in a crowded black box -- while she listened . 
 when claire finally paused , feeling short of breath , amelie inclined her head slightly . 
 `` thank you , '' she said . 
 `` a very honest accounting . 
 i had wondered how much you 'd try to conceal from me . 
 i 'm pleased you did n't attempt it . '' 
 claire squeezed her eyes shut for a few seconds . 
 `` you knew . '' 
 `` of course i knew , '' amelie said . 
 `` most things , at least . 
 the web site is new , and therefore of great interest ; i have operatives tracing its origins now , though you are entirely correct that a more expert approach will be needed . 
 but the role of gloriana and vassily -- these things were already known to me and to oliver . '' 
 oliver . 
 of course . 
 `` he was keeping an eye on her for you , '' claire realized . 
 `` that 's why he was hanging around her . '' 
 `` gloriana believes it is due to her own charm , of course , but oliver is not so easily manipulated as that . 
 he knows her too well , and has good reason to be wary of her and her motives . '' 
 amelie finally looked at her , unsmiling . 
 `` how my father is involved in all this is somewhat of a mystery , but it will be solved . '' 
 `` do you know where he is ? 
 bishop ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 amelie looked away again . 
 `` one thing he 's very good at is hiding when he feels threatened . 
 he 's within the town 's borders . 
 alerts would have gone off if he 'd crossed the boundaries . 
 we 'll find him , even should he be buried in the dirt like some hunting spider . '' 
 she sounded bitter and cold at the end , and claire shivered a little . 
 `` when he 's found , i will ensure that this particular danger to us does n't return . 
 you have my word on that . '' 
 the car slowed , and amelie nodded to one of her guards , the one sitting on her left side . 
 he nodded back , and as the limousine drifted to a smooth stop , he immediately opened the door and exited . 
 claire could n't have tried to get out even if she 'd wanted to ; there were two guards between her and the outside . 
 and amelie did n't move . 
 she sat , composed and erect , until the first man looked back into the car and said , `` clear , founder . '' 
 then there was a sudden scramble from the guards on both sides , and claire and amelie were left sitting across from each other , temporarily alone . 
 amelie began to slide toward the exit . 
 `` wait , '' claire said . 
 `` shane . '' 
 apart from a very small hesitation , amelie did n't respond to that at all . 
 she simply continued on her way . 
 a guard offered her a hand , and she left the car in a graceful stride . 
 claire gulped air and scrambled out to follow . 
 there was a moving wall of black-suited vampires around amelie , escorting her away from the idling limousine and up a covered walkway leading to ... . 
 claire blinked . 
 she knew this building . 
 she 'd been in it at least five or six times , mostly to add or drop classes , pay fees -- that kind of thing . 
 it was the admin building of texas prairie university -- closed , of course . 
 nobody around . 
 amelie 's guards had keys . 
 inside , they did n't proceed the way claire had always been , toward the main processing area ; instead , amelie turned left , down a paneled hallway filled with the fading photographs of university presidents , donors , and not-very-famous alumni . 
 it ended in what looked like a blank wall , except for an ornate brass lock plate . 
 this one amelie herself unlocked , with a key she kept in the small clutch purse she carried . 
 she did n't bother to open it ; she had people to do that for her . 
 she merely handed it over . 
 claire trailed her into the next room and was surprised when only two of the guards came in behind her . 
 one of them shut the door , which sounded like it locked with a snap . 
 they were in a plain concrete room with a white table that was , as far as claire could tell , bolted to the floor , as were the two chairs on either side of it . 
 there was a big steel ring locked onto the table on one side . 
 apart from that , it could n't have been more blank and boring . 
 only two chairs . 
 claire wondered if she was supposed to sit across from amelie , but no , that did n't make any sense unlessshe was the one being questioned . 
 unfortunately , that was n't beyond the realm of possibility . 
 it was a guilty relief to hear the sound of metal grinding and doors opening and closing somewhere else . 
 finally , a thick silver door on the far wall slid open and a guard came in , wearing not a black suit , but a black knit sports shirt and blue jeans . 
 there was a hard-to-see emblem embroidered in the same color on the shirt . 
 amelie 's founder symbol . 
 he was a vampire -- that much was obvious from the unnatural shade of his skin -- but other than that , he looked boringly mundane . 
 an all-american kind of guy , no different from half the boys claire went to college with daily . 
 neatly cut brown hair , a friendly and professional smile , a confident set to his expression . 
 he looked more like a personal trainer than a prison guard . 
 he stepped aside , and kim shuffled in . 
 claire drew in a sharp breath . 
 she remembered kim way too well ; she 'd been a lying , traitorous bitch , but she 'd started out okay enough . 
 she 'd always had a kind of bizarre charm , but there was no trace of that now . 
 her face was pale , set , and expressionless ; claire saw faces like that in the hospital when she 'd visited her dad after his last heart attack . 
 people who looked like that were focused on just getting through the minute , the hour , the day . 
 they had no future and no hope of one . 
 kim 's hair had grown out long around her shoulders , and part of it was still dyed goth black , but the rest was dirty blond . 
 her visible piercings were no longer so visible , even in her ears , because she wore no jewelry at all . 
 she was wearing a knit shirt like mr. all-american , only hers was in bright yellow . 
 the embroidery on the front read prisoner in giant black letters , with amelie 's symbol up in the corner . 
 claire guessed it was the same on the back . 
 she wore stretchy , yoga-style pants and sandals . 
 her fingernails were short , and two were bleeding from where she 'd bitten too deep . 
 no funky nail polish now . 
 kim looked sad and alone and more than a little frightened , especially when she saw claire and amelie . 
 she fixed on claire , though , and took a step forward . 
 her guard tapped her on the shoulder gently , and kim looked away and went still . 
 he guided her to the chair . 
 without a word , she sat and put her hands on the table . 
 he pulled out a set of handcuffs and hooked one to her right wrist and one to the steel ring on the table . 
 then he stepped back and turned into a parade-rest statue near the metal door . 
 kim kept staring down . 
 where was all that bad attitude she 'd displayed from the beginning ? 
 or the bitterness ? 
 or the crazy -- that was what claire remembered her best for at the end . 
 now she was just ... empty . 
 amelie said , `` claire , sit down . 
 you wanted five minutes . 
 you have them . 
 i suggest you use them well . '' 
 she had n't wanted it like this , with the two of them surrounded by staring , listening witnesses . 
 claire was suddenly very glad she 'd spilled the beans to amelie in the limo , because having this conversation while trying to hold all that inside would have been very difficult . 
 probably impossible . 
 kim did n't look up even when claire sat down . 
 she looked cold . 
 `` kim ? '' 
 no response . 
 `` kim , you remember me , right ? '' 
 kim looked up then , and her eyes were hot and angry . 
 `` of course i do . 
 who forgetsyou ? 
 how 's shane , by the way ? 
 getting tired of schoolyard crushes yet ? '' 
 the sudden flare of rage made claire flinch , but after a glance at the man standing behind kim 's chair , she wet her lips and continued . 
 `` shane 's in trouble , '' claire said . 
 `` good . '' 
 kim sat back in her chair , as far as the cuffs would allow . 
 `` hope it 's fatal for both of you this time . '' 
 that was harsh , even for kim . 
 claire was surprised . 
 she could understand kim 's anger toward her , but why shane ? 
 he 'd always been the focus of her stalkerish obsession . 
 `` you do n't mean that , '' claire said . 
 `` oh , i completely do . 
 i 've had therapy , you know . 
 i 'm in touch with my feelings and crap . '' 
 kim raked untidy hair back from her face with her left hand and laughed . 
 it sounded raw and aggressive . 
 `` he never cared about me ; i know that now . 
 so screw him . 
 and you . 
 thanks for dropping in . '' 
 she glanced backward , at her guard . 
 `` i 'm ready to go back now , sir . '' 
 `` kim , '' he said , still smiling . 
 he had dimples , even . 
 `` her five minutes are n't up yet . 
 be nice . '' 
 kim faced claire again , once again back to that thousand-yard stare and closed-down expression . 
 `` there 's a web site that 's operating , '' claire said . 
 `` running encrypted video . 
 do you know anything about it ? '' 
 `` because i did the whole encryption thing first ? '' 
 kim shrugged . 
 `` why would i ? 
 they have n't given me a computer to play with , you know . 
 said i had to earn one . 
 screw that . 
 i 'm not playing the games to get what i want . '' 
 `` you were working with someone outside morganville , though . 
 you were planning to make a deal for a tv show . 
 that was what all the streaming video was for . 
 i think whoever it was found another ... source . 
 and another program . '' 
 `` good for them . '' 
 dismissive words , but kim was eyeing her with a little more interest . 
 `` what kind of show are they running ? '' 
 `` pay-per-view , '' claire said . 
 `` extreme fighting . '' 
 `` withvampires ? '' 
 kim actually laughed . 
 `` dude , that 's brilliant . 
 i should have thought of that . 
 would have been a lots-better show than you sickeningly cute couples playing house and getting your wild thing on . '' 
 claire wanted to smack her -- badly . 
 but she took a deep breath and said , with unnatural calm , `` i need to know how to break the encryption and figure out how to trace it to the source . 
 i figured you 'd know . '' 
 `` sure , i know , if it 's the same encryption i put together , '' kim said , and leaned back in her chair . 
 `` but why should i tell you ? '' 
 `` because it 's the right thing to do ? '' 
 kim rolled her eyes . 
 `` wow , you actuallyare an idiot . 
 do you think the vamps are going to do the right thing once you point the finger at whoever 's behind it ? 
 you think this is all going to end with somebody getting a slap on the wrist and a fine ? 
 i was lucky , you know . 
 lucky to still be breathing.people are going to die . 
 you need to get that through your head . 
 it is n't about theright thing . 
 it 's about the thing that gets you something . 
 if you think the world works any other way , you 're just as stupid as you look . '' 
 claire said , `` you know , you 've got something wrong . '' 
 `` what is that ? 
 i swear , you 're more clueless than a care bear . '' 
 `` you think that because i want to do what 's right , because i want to make things better , i 'm weak , '' claire said . 
 `` or that i 'm stupid . 
 but i 'm not . 
 it takes a lot more strength to know how bad the world is and not want to be part of that , give in to it . 
 and ido know , kim . 
 believe me . '' 
 kim 's sneer faded as claire stared at her very steadily . 
 then she looked away . 
 `` you should say that after you spend a few months in this hellhole . '' 
 for the first time , amelie stirred from where she stood at the back of the room . 
 she advanced to the table , leaned forward , and rested her palms on the flat surface . 
 her gray eyes were intent and level on kim , and again kim could n't hold her stare . 
 `` you might bear in mind that in earlier times , young lady , your crimes would have meant you died in a particularly horrible way , with your screams ringing in the ears of decent folk , '' amelie said . 
 `` you 're kept in a clean cell , with decent if unremarkable food . 
 you receive reading material and have television . 
 in what way is that ahellhole ? 
 what can someone of your age possibly know of survivinghell ? '' 
 there was a keen edge to her voice that claire had rarely heard . 
 `` the man guarding you today knows of hell , very well . 
 he can tell you what it was like to survive in a prison camp with nothing to eat but crawling insects and rotten bread , foryears , until one night his life was taken -- '' `` saved , '' the guard in the knit shirt said . 
 `` saved , by one of us , '' amelie finished softly . 
 `` askhim about the kindness of your treatment , and then speak to me or him ofhellholes . '' 
 she let that sink in for a moment before she said , in a brisk and businesslike tone , `` now , you wanted to know what helping us means for you . 
 that entirely depends on what you can do forus . 
 can you reverse the encryption and tell us the location where these ... people are staging and broadcasting their fights ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' kim said . 
 she picked at a rough spot on the table with a short , well-chewed fingernail . 
 `` i could do that . 
 but not for free . '' 
 amelie did n't seem too surprised . 
 `` your price ? '' 
 `` i want out of here . '' 
 `` that will not happen . 
 and you know it will not happen . '' 
 kim smiled down at her lap -- a secret , cynical kind of expression that made claire feel a little tingle of alarm . 
 `` oh , i do n't know . 
 you want to keep morganville 's big secret , right ? 
 how are you going to do that with millions of people watching vampires flashing fangs at each other on pay-per-view ? 
 maybe most do n't believe it , but maybe some do ; maybe somebody decides to come check it out , like a news crew . 
 then where do you run ? '' 
 `` farther and faster than you can , kim . 
 you 'd do well to remember that . '' 
 kim said nothing . 
 amelie , after exchanging a look with claire , shook her head . 
 `` take her back to her cell , please . 
 we 're getting nowhere . '' 
 `` wait ! '' 
 kim said as the vampire behind her stepped forward . 
 `` wait . 
 you want these people , right ? 
 i can find them . 
 i 'm probably the only one in morganville who has the skills ! '' 
 `` i doubt that , but you are the one i have readily available . '' 
 `` then come on . 
 what do i get for it ? '' 
 amelie 's eyes turned red -- a muddy , rippling crimson that sent prickles of warning across claire 's skin , like the feeling before lightning strikes . 
 `` you get to survive this meeting with me , little girl . 
 and i warn you , that possibility is fading with every unpleasant word you utter . 
 be careful . '' 
 `` you would n't do it . 
 you 're likeher . '' 
 a flick of kim 's eyes included claire in her scorn . 
 `` full of talk , short on action . '' 
 amelie smiled , very slowly . 
 it was one of the most unsettling things claire had ever seen her do ... as if a mask had been pulled away and somethingterrible looked out of her eyes . 
 kim saw it , too . 
 her handcuffs clicked as she tried instinctively to draw away . 
 `` oh , child , '' amelie said . 
 `` i have worked very diligently to achieve that image , because a ruler should be seen as just and fair and merciful . 
 but you wouldnot like to see me take action . 
 i am , after all , my father 's daughter . 
 now . 
 you will give me the help i require to trace this signal that claire has found , and you will be grateful that i choose to allow you to continue in your presently comfortable state . 
 once you have demonstratedresults , we may discuss an improvement in your conditions . '' 
 amelie rarely exerted the power that claire knew she had , but she felt it now -- heavy , suffocating , full of dread . 
 it pressed down on everyone in the room ; she even saw the other vampires shift uncomfortably . 
 but mostly it was directed at kim , who crumbled like a sugar cookie . 
 `` okay , '' she said , after about a second 's delay of false bravado . 
 `` but i ca n't do it in here . 
 i need access to the internet . '' 
 `` we can arrange that . '' 
 `` and i need to get out of here . 
 just for a little while . '' 
 kim looked up , and claire saw that , incredibly , she wasstill trying to bargain . 
 maybe she was n't quite the sugar cookie , after all . 
 `` a day . 
 just a day . 
 i need -- i need to see the sun . '' 
 amelie did n't move , and the dark atmosphere did n't let up , but finally she gave a regal nod and stepped back . 
 it felt like a storm had passed without breaking , and claire instinctively took in a deep breath , and heard kim do the same . 
 `` a day , '' amelie said . 
 `` first , you locate the source of this transmission for us . 
 then you will be supervisedclosely on your furlough . 
 mr. martin will go with you -- '' mr. martin , the vampire standing behind kim , inclined his head . 
 `` and claire . '' 
 `` wait , '' claire said , at the same time as kim . 
 they both had identical tones of alarm . 
 claire kept talking . 
 `` you 're making me stay withher ? '' 
 `` you do n't like her , '' amelie said . 
 `` and therefore you wo n't give her any ... breaks , i think you call them . 
 at the first sign that kim is misbehaving , tell mr. martin , if he does n't know already , and she will be immediately returned to custody . '' 
 `` but i -- '' `` no arguments , '' amelie said . 
 `` the deal is done . 
 mr. martin , arrange for the girl to have her internet access , but i want it to be closely monitored . 
 you are not to leave her for a moment . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 `` yes , founder . '' 
 mr. martin inclined his head . 
 `` what if she 's unable to complete the task ? '' 
 `` she has an hour , '' amelie said . 
 `` if she ca n't solve the problem within that time frame , i no longer need her . '' 
 kim , tough-chick ` tude or not , flinched at that pronouncement . 
 there was no mistaking what it meant . 
 `` an hour 's not enough time ! '' 
 `` i sincerely hope you 're wrong , '' amelie said . 
 `` let 's call it ... motivation . '' 
 claire felt an unexpected sense of sympathy for kim 's stricken expression ... she 'd been there not long ago . 
 she 'd been under threat of death , or having her friends and family suffer , if she was n't able to live up to amelie 's expectations . 
 it was n't a comfortable place , especially if you were n't sure you could get it done . 
 but she just could n't sympathize much in the end . 
 kim was a cold-blooded sociopath , at least as far as claire was concerned , and she 'd never shown any sign of remorse . 
 no point in empathizing with someone who 'd turn around and stick a knife in your back , with a smile . 
 claire felt the minutes ticking away as the details were dealt with ... the computer located , the internet access enabled and hooked up , the security protocols negotiated . 
 then , finally , mr. martin moved out of the way and kim sat down in front of the keyboard . 
 she drew in a breath , put her fingers on the keys , and said , `` okay , what 's the url ? '' 
 `` immortalbattles-dot-com . '' 
 kim typed it in , then flipped to a view of the code , then started up a new coding window . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 amelie asked . 
 `` running a trace route . '' 
 `` and that is how you will find them . '' 
 kim laughed . 
 `` no way in hell . 
 a six-year-old could figure out a way around that . 
 but it 'll give me a starting point , and i can work from that . '' 
 amelie settled back in her chair . 
 mr. martin leaned over kim 's shoulder , watching the screen intently . 
 if he did n't know what he was looking at , he gave a good imitation of it . 
 kim cast him doubting looks from time to time , and once he asked her to stop and explain what she was doing . 
 she did it in quiet , calm tones , apparently creeped out by having him hovering so closely . 
 claire sipped a cold drink that had been delivered by one of amelie 's guards and waited . 
 she checked her watch from time to time , feeling useless and increasingly worried ; every minute they sat here was another minute that something bad might be happening to shane or to michael . 
 she was also aware , though she did n't particularly want to be , that the minutes were counting down for kim , who was looking paler with every tick of the second hand . 
 her fingers worked fast , blurring motion , then stopped and hovered indecisively as she leaned closer to the screen . 
 thirty minutes . 
 forty . 
 forty-five . 
 claire drained her glass and felt the tension growing in the room . 
 mr. martin , hanging over kim 's shoulder , glanced up at amelie , who gave him some imperceptible signal claire could n't read . 
 it probably was n't good , at least for kim . 
 although amelie never so much as glanced at a watch , it was exactly sixty minutes by claire 's timepiece when the founder said , in precise and soft tones , `` your time is up , kim . '' 
 kim froze , then looked up with glittering eyes through the tangled hair that had fallen over her face . 
 she shoved it back , and for the moment , at least , she looked defiant and unafraid . 
 `` yeah ? 
 well , good thing i 'm done , then . '' 
 `` get up . '' 
 kim did , and mr. martin moved her away from the computer and fastened handcuffs on her again , looping them through a solid ring set in the concrete wall . 
 he studied the screen of the computer and said , `` i have an address here . 
 and a map . '' 
 `` it had better be accurate , '' amelie said . 
 `` i wo n't look kindly on misdirection . '' 
 `` do i get my day outside ? '' 
 kim said . 
 `` indeed , though you may not enjoy it , '' amelie said . 
 `` you 're coming with us . 
 mr. martin , you 're in charge of her . 
 claire , you also have responsibility . 
 are we clear on this ? '' 
 `` yes , '' claire said . 
 mr. martin nodded . 
 `` then put her in less...attention-getting clothing , '' amelie said . 
 `` i have calls to make . '' 
 `` now , this is more like it , '' kim said , once they were all inside the limousine again . 
 it was a tight fit , with mr. martin and kim added to amelie , claire , and the two other guards , but amelie managed to arrange for her own personal space . 
 it was the rest of them who were crowded . 
 kim was in the middle , but she did n't seem to care ; she was busy running her hands over the plain black hoodie she 'd been given to put on and the blue jeans . 
 the skechers had to be hers , from before ; they looked ragged , well-worn , and had tribal patterns of black thorns and roses all over them , hand-painted . 
 she 'd tied her hair back in a ponytail and secured it with a rubber band . 
 no fancy hair things available , claire guessed , or at least none kim wanted to wear . 
 all in all , she made it look reasonably her again . 
 `` i wish we could see out . '' 
 `` nothing much to see , '' claire said . 
 `` it 's morganville . 
 rusty buildings , flat desert , dusty , tumbleweeds . 
 you know the drill . '' 
 `` you 'd be surprised how good that sounds when all you 've seen for months are gray walls . 
 so , how 's eve ? '' 
 `` she 's fine . '' 
 oh , sheso did n't want to talk about her friends with kim , of all people . 
 `` and she does n't want to see you . '' 
 `` call her and see . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 the last thing claire wanted was for eve to get sucked back into the black hole of kim . 
 that had n't turned out well for anyone last time . 
 kim laughed dryly . 
 `` she still dating that vamp hottie michael ? '' 
 `` would you please , please , please shut up now ? '' 
 `` i guess that 's a yes . 
 he 's going to dump her , you know . 
 sooner or later . '' 
 claire felt stung , mostly because she 'd wondered about that herself , guiltily , from time to time . 
 `` no , he 's not ! 
 they 're -- they 're getting married . '' 
 she blurted it out , and amelie 's head turned toward her with eerie , machinelike precision . 
 `` are they . '' 
 it did n't sound like a question . 
 it also did n't sound like amelie was pleased with that particular news . 
 `` i 'll have to have a chat with michael . 
 he 's failed to inform me of his plans . '' 
 kim smirked . 
 claire fought the urge to hurt her , but mainly because there was n't any room to get in a good punch.maybe , she thought , shane is rubbing off on me with this prone-to-violence thing . 
 dammit ! 
 she should have thought before she said anything about that ; she should have known better . 
 michael and eve were n't exactly the most popular couple among the vampire side of town , much less the human side ; it made sense that amelie would n't be completely happy about the idea -- and that michael would n't have come right out with it to the head vampire , either . 
 kim had goaded her into saying it , just as kim manipulated everyone around her and always had . 
 claire made herself breathe slowly , through her nose , trying to calm down . 
 she had to think clearly and go slowly . 
 otherwise , kim would drive her into saying other things , worse things . 
 there were all kinds of secrets kim did n't need to be part of , starting with ... well , everything . 
 amelie ignored the two of them and held out her hand to the guard seated next to her . 
 without a word , he took a cell phone out of his pocket and handed it over . 
 she dialed , waited , and said , `` we are on our way . 
 you have the address , yes ? 
 i will expect you there . 
 and , oliver ? 
 come prepared for a fight . 
 we 're going to wipe out this nest of vipers . 
 there can be no delay . 
 things have gone far enough . '' 
 but what about shane?claire reached out toward amelie but did n't touch her ; she did n't dare try . 
 as it was , a guard grabbed her wrist and held it there in midair , frozen . 
 he did n't hurt her , but there was no doubt that he could have . 
 `` stop , '' he told her . 
 `` think what you 're doing . '' 
 `` amelie , '' claire said . 
 `` i told you , shane 's not part of this . 
 please do n't -- '' she did n't take the phone away from her mouth . 
 she looked directly at claire with no expression in her iron gray eyes and said , `` detain everyone . 
 we will determine guilt or innocence on-site . '' 
 she handed the phone back to her flunky , who turned it off and put it away . 
 `` why do you have your hand out toward me , claire ? 
 do you believe that i would harm your ... friend , without proof ? '' 
 actually , clairedid believe that . 
 she 'd seen amelie go full contact before , and she knew that she would n't hesitate to sentence shane if there was even a suspicion that he was willingly part of all this stuff . 
 not reassuring . 
 and right on cue , kim was there to articulate all that terror in her head . 
 `` she 's going to kill them all , '' kim said . 
 `` and you and me , we 're the ones to blame for that . 
 if shane 's still there , she 'll go all red queen on him , too . 
 off with his head . 
 talk about poetic justice . '' 
 that was exactly what claire was afraid of , and what she was afraid to put into words . 
 trust kim to blurt it out , make her worst fears real . 
 amelie did n't confirm or deny any of it . 
 she looked toward mr. martin , who took kim 's hand in his and said , `` enough . '' 
 he sounded quiet and not especially threatening , but kim shivered . 
 claire felt it . 
 `` be quiet , now . 
 enjoy your hours of freedom . '' 
 `` you call this freedom ? 
 i 'm trapped in a town car with a bunch of fanged prison guards . 
 oh , andher . '' 
 kim bumped shoulders with claire , not too gently . 
 `` the team vampire mascot . '' 
 `` i actually am going to punch you , '' claire said . 
 `` yeah , i am absolutely terrified , danvers . 
 without shane around to fight your battles , do you think you can take me ? '' 
 claire turned and stared kim full in the face . 
 `` yes , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm pretty sure i can . '' 
 she meant every word of it , and kim must have decided to back off -- or mr. martin 's presence decided it for her . 
 they lapsed into a heavy silence as the limousine drove and drove and drove ... and , finally , to claire 's simultaneous relief and terror , began to slow down . 
 claire took out her phone . 
 amelie gave her a sharp look . 
 `` i 'm only calling eve . 
 i want her to know i did n't just disappear . 
 like michael and shane . 
 you know how she is . '' 
 amelie looked bemused and nodded . 
 `` do not tell her where we are . '' 
 `` i do n't actuallyknow where we are . '' 
 claire dialed . 
 eve picked up on the first ring . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 her voice was tense and madly uncontrolled . 
 `` michael ? '' 
 `` no , it 's claire -- '' the yell blasted out of the cell phone loud enough to echo around the inside of the car . 
 claire yanked it away from her ear , and she could still hear very clearly what eve was shouting . 
 `` what the hell are you doing ? 
 where are you ? 
 you ca n't just run off and leave me and not even leave anote . 
 my god , you 're as bad as the boys . 
 how do i know the vamps have n't dragged you off and snacked on your -- ? '' 
 `` eve , '' claire said , yelling into the phone . 
 `` eve!shut up ! 
 i 'm with amelie ! '' 
 silence , and then much lower in volume , `` oh . 
 sorry . '' 
 claire put the phone back to her ear . 
 next to her , kim was smirking again . 
 claire sincerely wanted to put her shoe through that smile , but again did n't . 
 she took a deep breath . 
 `` we may have found out where the fights are being held . 
 i 'll call you if michael 's here , okay ? '' 
 `` okay , '' eve said . 
 `` uh , you 're being careful , right ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 she glanced around at the heavily fanged contingent . 
 `` safe as houses . '' 
 `` i 've been in some pretty shaky houses . '' 
 `` i 'll be fine . 
 call you later . '' 
 the car had come to a complete stop now . 
 amelie looked out through the heavily tinted windows . 
 `` there 's very little cover out there , '' she said . 
 `` move quickly . 
 when we stop , get out and go directly to the shade . 
 we may not have time for protective clothing . 
 i assume all of you can handle the sun for a limited period . '' 
 her guards murmured affirmations ; then sunlight lanced in , bright and harsh , as the vampire guard threw open the door . 
 he was out and moving fast , followed by the second guard . 
 mr. martin practically yanked kim 's arm out of its socket dragging her from the car , and somehow , although she started moving as quickly as she could , claire was the last one out of the limousine . 
 amelie was just ahead of her , though . 
 it was a good thing they were toward the back . 
 claire was never sure exactly how it happened until much later . 
 right then , it was impressions : a big , empty desert area . 
 a flapping , rusting tin barn , apparently abandoned , with a thick area of shade under a leaning awning that probably was used to park cars or something . 
 the vampire guards in their black suits heading for it at top speed , with mr. martin slowed down by a foot-dragging kim , and amelie holding back , probably to stay closer to claire . 
 and then the explosion . 
 it hit her as a hard , hot shove , and then she was down and rolling across the sand , and then the massive roar rattled in her ears and she saw the plume of fire and smoke , and finally , finally she realized that the building they 'd been headed toward , the one kim had led them to , had justblown up . 
 claire sat up , staring . 
 the tin building was collapsing in on itself , burning , sagging -- a wreck . 
 the awning , the one where the guards had been headed , was utterly gone , destroyed . 
 flames and smoke hissed straight up in a black-and-red column , and the wind caught it and blew it out in a plume that drifted west . 
 there were pieces of wrecked metal and junk everywhere , still falling like flaming rain , and claire covered her head as a thick piece of sharp-edged siding slammed down into the ground a few feet away . 
 amelie lay on her side about ten feet closer to the explosion site . 
 claire got to her feet , weaved around a little , and shook off the lingering dizziness . 
 amelie moved before she reached her -- a twitch at first , and then she rose to a standing position in one unnaturally fast , smooth motion . 
 there was blood running down her face . 
 more cars were pulling up now , black and heavily tinted . 
 oliver got out of the first one , dressed in a heavy coat and hat , took one look at the burning building , and then moved in a blur . 
 he reached amelie , and when he paused , his hands were on her shoulders . 
 he took a handkerchief out of his pocket and mopped up the blood ; the cut had already closed . 
 claire saw the look on his face for a few seconds , and then it smoothed out into a cynical neutrality . 
 `` functional ? '' 
 he asked her . 
 she nodded . 
 he let go , then stripped off his coat and hat and put them on her . 
 `` get to the car . 
 you should not be here . '' 
 `` you think i will run from cowards who try to kill me from a distance ? '' 
 amelie laughed , and it sounded wild and strange to claire 's blast-deadened ears . 
 `` you are my second in command , not my bodyguard . '' 
 `` your bodyguards are indisposed , '' he said . 
 `` and at least one is not coming back . 
 i can see parts of him in several places . 
 do n't be foolish . 
 be safe . '' 
 kim and mr. martin were getting up now . 
 kim was holding her arm like it hurt , and she was covered in ashes . 
 amelie focused in on her with narrowing eyes . 
 oliver 's head turned , too . 
 claire could n't see his expression , but she saw the tension gathering in his shoulders . 
 `` how very odd , '' amelie said . 
 `` she begs for a day off and leads us here . 
 to our deaths , presumably . '' 
 she gestured to mr. martin . 
 `` bring her here . 
 now . '' 
 kim clearly did n't want to come ; she was staggering all over the place , but claire did n't think she was dazed . 
 just worried about her chances . 
 `` wow , '' kim said . 
 `` that was intense . '' 
 her lips curled into a vicious little smile . 
 `` guess we got the right address after all . '' 
 amelie did n't seem to move quickly , but suddenly she had hold of kim and was pulling her very , very close . 
 amelie 's eyes had gone an intense , scary white that claire had seen only once or twice . 
 kim stopped smiling and began to look very worried . 
 `` someone tipped them off , '' amelie almost whispered . 
 `` and you , my dear kim , are the most likely suspect . 
 convince me you did n't do this . '' 
 `` why would i ? '' 
 kim shot back . 
 `` i 've got everything to lose . 
 you 'd kill me if i did that ! '' 
 `` yes . 
 i would . 
 i still might . 
 explain how this could have happened , if you did n't betray me . '' 
 kim hesitated , licked her pale lips , and then said , `` they could have been watching for any trace activity . 
 did n't even have to be a live person ; it could have been a program . 
 a trip wire . 
 once it knew i 'd found the address , it could have sounded an alert . 
 they 'd clear out once they knew they 'd been found . '' 
 `` and the bombs ? 
 surely that is not now a common home-defense mechanism . '' 
 `` i have no idea , except maybe they planned it in case you showed up looking . 
 would i have been heading for the building if i 'd known they were there ? 
 my arm is practically broken ! 
 ithurts ! '' 
 `` yet you still breathe , '' amelie said . 
 `` for now . '' 
 her white eyes were fading back to gray , though , and claire knew kim 's moment of fatal danger was passing . 
 that was almost too bad . 
 `` very well . 
 i will accept that this is not due to your will , except that you were negligent . 
 negligence is enough . '' 
 she looked at mr. martin , standing with his arms folded behind kim . 
 `` take her back . 
 now . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 kim blurted , but amelie pushed her roughly toward the other vampire . 
 `` no , please ! 
 i did n't do anything , i did n't ! 
 you need me ! '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 amelie shot back . 
 `` you 've performed the only task for which you were fit . 
 you 've proven yourself unworthy by your conduct and your words and your callous behavior . 
 i am returning you to your cell , where you will live out your days in silence and solitude . 
 no more films , kim . 
 no more books . 
 no more soft living . 
 you will be fed , but no one will speak to you , no one will acknowledge your existence . 
 you will live as a ghost until you are one . 
 because in the end , i do not believe that you are innocent . 
 i think you knew about the trip wire , as you call it ; i believe you triggered it , knowing that they would run . 
 i believe you did n't know about the bombs ; you are far too fixed on your own self-preservation to be that daring . 
 but i saw your smile . 
 we all did . 
 you knew . '' 
 kim 's face lost color , so much so that she almost looked like that ghost amelie was talking about . 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 `` you ca n't do this . 
 you ca n't prove anything . '' 
 `` i am the founder , '' amelie said . 
 `` and i do n't need to prove anything . '' 
 she nodded to mr. martin . 
 `` take her . 
 i do n't wish to look on her face again . '' 
 kim 's eyes met claire 's stare . 
 `` help me ! '' 
 she shouted . 
 `` do n't just stand there , bitch ! 
 i 'm human ! 
 i 'm one ofyou ! '' 
 claire shrugged . 
 `` you 're not anything of mine . 
 you knew , '' she said , `` and you did n't care . '' 
 kim looked shocked for a flash of a second , and then she bared her teeth in a white , feral grin . 
 `` yeah ? 
 well , you know what else i do n't care about ? 
 whether shane was in that building or not . 
 i hope he 's dead . 
 i hope he died thinking about you and wondering why youdid n't find him . '' 
 shane . 
 she had n't thought about it at all ; she 'd just assumed ... but he could be in there . 
 he could be burning . 
 claire did n't even think about it . 
 she started to run for the building , which was still belching red flame and black smoke high into the air . 
 `` no , '' oliver said , and caught her around the waist , swinging her off the ground . 
 `` not the time for your gallant suicide attempt , claire . '' 
 `` he could be in there ! '' 
 `` yes , '' oliver agreed . 
 `` and if he is , you ca n't help him . 
 now just -- '' that was when someone shot mr. martin in the back . 
 claire did n't know what had happened ; she heard a crack and saw him lose his grip on kim and pitch forward . 
 kim did n't hesitate . 
 she broke and ran . 
 oliver dropped claire and jumped for amelie , taking her down flat . 
 claire staggered , off balance , and went down , too , which probably saved her life . 
 she heard the crackle of guns -- more than one -- being fired , and staying down seemed like a good idea all of a sudden . 
 mr. martin was lying near her , but he was n't moving . 
 his eyes were open , and as she looked at him , she saw him blinking . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` bullet in the spine . 
 it will take a few moments , '' he said . 
 `` where is she ? '' 
 claire carefully raised her head . 
 `` escaping . '' 
 kim was running for the cover of the wreckage -- not away from the guns firing at them , buttoward them . 
 and they seemed to be deliberately missing her , too . 
 claire finally spotted a dusty , tan-camouflage jeep parked between two sand dunes . 
 there were two men with rifles using it as a firing platform , and kim was heading for it , fast . 
 one of oliver 's men went dashing after her and almost made it before a bullet sent him spinning and crashing to the dust . 
 kim jumped in the jeep , and it revved its engine and spewed up sand as it raced away . 
 one last shot echoed in the dry air , and then they were gone . 
 `` get off ! '' 
 amelie barked , and oliver rolled away from her and smoothly to his feet . 
 he offered his hand , but she got up without needing it , looking bone-sharp and very , very angry . 
 she glanced at claire and mr. martin , then out toward where kim and her rescuers had disappeared . 
 `` i misjudged , '' she said . 
 `` kim did n't make a mistake . 
 she 's part of this . 
 somehow , she is part of it . 
 i should have snapped the little animal 's neck long before this , but i was too merciful . 
 too conscious of responsibility . '' 
 she glanced down at claire , but there was no sense of recognition in her eyes ; she was too angry . 
 `` get up , unless you 're too badly injured to stand . '' 
 oliver did n't evenbother to look down at claire . 
 or mr. martin , for that matter . 
 it was like they no longer even existed . 
 `` they 're bold , '' he said . 
 `` and daring . 
 that could have gone very badly for them . '' 
 `` yet it did n't , '' amelie said . 
 `` it appears we have a war on our hands , oliver . '' 
 he smiled . 
 it was a lovely , almost charming smile , and that made claire feel a little sick . 
 `` finally , '' he said . 
 `` no more diplomacy , my lady . 
 no more half measures . 
 give me rein and i 'll bring you your enemies with their heads decorating my pikes.all your enemies . 
 humans and vampires . '' 
 this was out of control , going too fast . 
 kim gone , shane , michael ... bishop and gloriana , the fights , vassily ... it was all a big , messy , bloody ball of confusion , and now oliver was going to wade in and devastateeverything . 
 amelie should have said no . 
 instead , she looked levelly at oliver , folded her hands in front of her in a formal kind of way , and said , `` so be it . 
 war . 
 bring me their heads . '' 
 `` wait , '' claire said , and scrambled to her feet . 
 `` wait , youca n't . 
 you ca n't kill everybody . 
 i told you , gloriana was using some kind of -- '' `` glamour , yes , so you said , '' amelie interrupted . 
 `` but you see , i no longer care . 
 they 've tried to assassinate me , and attacked and killed my own . 
 there are times when mercy and measured justice is not appropriate . 
 and this is one of those times . '' 
 oliver inclined his head , turned on his heel , and stalked away , moving quickly in the sun . 
 he was starting to turn a bright , sunburned red , but he was grinning viciously . 
 mr. martin.claire looked down and saw that he , too , was burning , turning an alarming lobster shade . 
 she found a piece of tin that was still mostly intact and dragged it over to shade him . 
 he smiled at her gratefully and a little painfully . 
 `` i 'll be on my feet in another minute , '' he said . 
 `` amelie , i 'm sorry . 
 i should have stopped her . '' 
 amelie gave him a distant look . 
 `` yes , '' she said . 
 `` but i will overlook it . 
 you are a valuable asset . '' 
 she walked away , oliver 's black coat rippling in the wind , looking like a child dressing up as an old movie detective , but there was nothing soft about her . 
 small , but very deadly , like a snake . 
 she called back , `` come away , claire . 
 there 's nothing more for you to do here . 
 i will require you elsewhere . '' 
 claire looked down at mr. martin . 
 he returned the look and shrugged a little . 
 `` she 's very angry , '' he said . 
 `` you 'd do well to obey promptly . '' 
 `` will you be okay if i leave ? '' 
 his smile faded . 
 he seemed honestly puzzled . 
 `` why do you care ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' she said . 
 `` i just do , i guess . '' 
 claire ignored amelie and turned slowly toward the burning wreckage of the building and started to move . 
 she was far enough from oliver and amelie at the moment , and their attention was n't on her . 
 shane . 
 claire started to run . 
 she heard someone shouting behind her , but she did n't stop . 
 she sped up , leaping over a bent piece of metal , then dodging a piece of burning timber . 
 `` oh , just let her go , '' oliver said . 
 claire was afraid he 'd be after her , but , in fact , he had n't left amelie 's side . 
 `` she has a right to see for herself . '' 
 she arrived alone at a ruin of metal . 
 the building had collapsed in on itself where it had n't blown out in shreds . 
 one part was sticking up at a strange , awkward angle where the supports were still standing . 
 claire ran for that , hearing the wreckage creak and shudder under the whipping wind . 
 she did n't think about the danger until she was inside , hearing the deep groans of metal shifting overhead . 
 this place was going to come down , all the way down . 
 but first , she had to find out . 
 she had to findhim . 
 `` shane ! '' 
 she screamed it , but her ears were still ringing from the blast , and it came out oddly muffled . 
 maybe he could n't hear her , either . 
 maybe that was why she did n't hear anything back . 
 `` shane , answer me ! '' 
 she almost tripped over the stairway that led down from the cracked concrete floor . 
 it had probably been covered up before , or had some kind of railing around it , but now it was just a dark , open space in the floor . 
 a ray of sunshine pierced the shattered roof and shone down the steps , all the way to the bottom . 
 she followed . 
 down there , the light did n't go far , but enough that she could make out a few things . 
 the steel bars of a giant cage , for one thing . 
 and the bleacher seats . 
 she 'd seen this room before , on the video . 
 shane had been here , fighting . 
 claire edged forward , trying to see if there was anyone here , anyone at all . 
 it looked empty . 
 she tripped over a piece of fallen metal and went down . 
 she caught herself on the palms of her hands , but they skidded damply over the concrete , and she had to fight not to do a face-plant . 
 `` shane ! '' 
 her voice echoed back wildly from metal and concrete , and she could hear the grief and fear in it . 
 `` shane , please answer me ! '' 
 no sound at all , except for the continued crashes and groans of the wreckage overhead . 
 she edged back into the sunlight . 
 there was blood on her hands , bright and red . 
 and on her pants where she 'd fallen on her knees . 
 fresh blood . 
 thirteen it was likecsi : vampire , only without sunglasses . 
 the vampires brought lights , although they probably could have gotten along without them . 
 it did n't take long for them to clear the potentially dangerous wreckage from overhead and get down into the basement , where claire sat huddled at the foot of the steps . 
 she was still staring at the drying blood on her hands when oliver stepped down carefully , watching her as he did so . 
 `` it 's blood , '' she said , feeling tired and oddly calm now . 
 `` is it going to make you go all crazy and bite me ? '' 
 `` do you go insane with hunger when you see an old , decaying hamburger on the ground next to a trash can ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 then , belatedly , `` that 's disgusting . '' 
 `` then let me assure you , the idea of ingesting that filthy , contaminated blood has no appeal to me whatsoever . '' 
 his voice was oddly quiet , and he looked from her to the pool of blood near the cage . 
 `` you 're afraid it 's shane 's . '' 
 she swallowed and managed to whisper , `` is it ? '' 
 `` no , '' oliver said . 
 he crouched down and touched the blood , rubbed it between his fingers , and cautiously sniffed it . 
 `` does n't smell like his . 
 it 's human , but not of the collins bloodline . '' 
 he lifted his head again and surveyed the room . 
 more of his people came down the steps , bringing portable lights with them that they set up and turned on , bathing the room in merciless white light . 
 the blood looked almost insanely red , drying to brown patches at the edges . 
 oliver stood up and stalked over to another spot , then another . 
 `` it 's also not alone . 
 there are many bloodstains here . 
 some older ; some only a few days old . '' 
 he walked to the cage and swung open the unlocked door , which creaked like a haunted house . 
 claire shivered . 
 it felt like that high-pitched squeal had gone straight through her head . 
 it is n't shane 's blood.she felt an immense , late-breaking wave of relief , and her hands , the hands she 'd been holding so rigidly out from her , fell back to her sides . 
 she wanted to cry , but she was n't sure she had it in her . 
 `` more in here , '' oliver said . 
 `` a lot more . 
 many different donors , and vampire blood , as well , as you 'd expect from the fight recordings we saw . '' 
 `` it 's barbaric , '' amelie said . 
 claire had n't heard her arrive , but suddenly she was there , like a white and tattered ghost , glowing in the brilliant lights . 
 if the sun hurt here , why did n't those bright lights ? 
 maybe not the right spectrum . 
 claire 's brain felt sluggish and too tired to work it all out . 
 `` pitting men against each other like fighting dogs in a pit . 
 i can smell the stink of fear and violence here . '' 
 oliver nodded slowly and got to his feet from where he 'd been kneeling , examining something claire could n't see . 
 `` they 've been here very recently , '' he said . 
 `` recently enough to kill someone and set the traps outside . 
 pressure mines , presumably , triggered when your guards advanced into the shadows . 
 someone knew precisely what you 'd do when you arrived . '' 
 `` they only misjudged how many i 'd bring with me , '' she said . 
 she seemed all bone and muscle now , and her eyes glittered like ice . 
 `` they 've made a fatal error . 
 they should have made sure to kill me . '' 
 `` i 'm sure they 'll take that to heart , '' oliver said . 
 `` they knew we were coming . 
 that much is quite obvious . '' 
 amelie turned . 
 claire thought at first that she was getting her attention , but no , the gray eyes were staring out at something else . 
 `` they 've moved operations , '' she said . 
 `` and we have no way of knowing where that is at present . 
 but we will find them , and when we do ... when we do , no one will be exempt . 
 no one . '' 
 `` but -- '' `` no one , '' amelie said . 
 oliver nodded . 
 `` they 've allowed humans to fight on equal terms , and humans have the advantage of numbers . 
 they will destroy us with this , even without the danger of exposure . 
 it must stop . 
 dead . '' 
 that , claire thought with a sick feeling , was n't a metaphor . 
 she had to find them first and get shane out . 
 eve was waiting on the street next to her car when the limousine dropped claire off at home . 
 amelie had n't said a word to her , although claire had tried to talk . 
 it was like she no longer acknowledged claire existed at all . 
 `` what thehell is going on ? '' 
 eve demanded as the limo sped away , gliding like a sleek , black shark . 
 she was dressed in a black corset dress with purple net underneath it , and her lipstick was a shocking magenta . 
 when eve got distressed , she sometimes channeled it into her wardrobe . 
 and from how she looked today , she wasscreaming on the inside . 
 `` claire ? 
 first shane going over the edge , and you said you 'd call ! 
 you did n't call ! 
 was michael there ? '' 
 that was a sudden flare of hope that glowed inside her like a spotlight , but it dimmed suddenly at the look on claire 's face . 
 `` he was n't . 
 he 's not with amelie , either . '' 
 `` no , '' claire said very reluctantly . 
 she took a step toward her friend . 
 `` i do n't know where he is , but i think michael went to go talk to shane without us , to try to get him to snap out of it . '' 
 `` and that did n't go well , '' eve finished . 
 her eyes were dark and bleak . 
 `` guys . 
 why do theynever listen ? 
 even the cute , hot , smart ones ? 
 did n't we agreeyou 'd talk to shane ? '' 
 `` i think michael was trying to protect me , '' claire said . 
 she felt miserable , and she ached all over . 
 `` in case shane got violent . 
 i 'm sorry , eve . 
 i 'm so sorry . '' 
 she wanted to cry . 
 everything had gone so wrong , and unlike most times , she felt like she could n't controlany of it . 
 everybody was lying or sneaking around or under someone else 's control . 
 amelie had gone all warrior princess on her , and oliver -- well , he was being oliver , but squared . 
 even kim had boned her , and she ` dexpected that one . 
 but it still hurt , at least physically . 
 `` oh , honey , it 's all right , '' eve said . 
 she blinked and looked closer . 
 `` what the hell happened to you ? '' 
 `` kim lured us into a trap . 
 a building blew up . '' 
 `` a building blew -- '' eve edited herself , backed up , and said , `` wait , did you just saykim ? 
 my kim ? 
 i mean , the kim we all hate now who 's inprison ? 
 that one ? 
 were you locked up ? 
 when were you locked up?why were you -- '' `` they let her out , '' claire interrupted , and squeezed her eyes shut . 
 `` and it was my idea . 
 i thought she could help us trace the signal to where they were holding the fights . '' 
 `` oh ? 
 oh . 
 well , that was a pretty good idea , actually . '' 
 `` it was a terrible idea . 
 she alerted them somehow . 
 they almost killed us . 
 and they royally pissed amelie off . '' 
 claire 's tears were really threatening now , triggered by the warm , concerned look eve was giving her . 
 `` it 's all coming apart . 
 i do n't know ... i think they know we 're looking for them . 
 i think -- oh , god , eve -- i think amelie 's going to kill everybody now and i do n't know what to do ! '' 
 it came out as a plaintive little wail , and claire instantly felt ashamed of herself . 
 she was falling apart , and it was n't like her . 
 she 'd stood up to oliver . 
 to bishop . 
 to amelie . 
 even to bad crazy myrnin . 
 the problem was that this time , the enemy , though known , was for all intents and purposes invisible . 
 faceless . 
 worse , the enemy she 'd seen , faced , wasshane . 
 and that hurt ; it had cracked some fundamental , unshakeable strength in her that she needed right now . 
 desperately . 
 there was n't anyone or anything she could stand up to , because they were shadows , smoke , invisible or untouchable , like bishop and gloriana and vassily . 
 or like kim.the thought hit her and vanished . 
 god , she hated her . 
 she hated her most , truthfully , for saying that she hoped shane died . 
 that , claire could n't forgive . 
 it burned in her guts like a beaker full of acid . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she said , and caught her breath . 
 her voice sounded ragged . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 it 's been a very bad morning . '' 
 `` you look like somebody dragged you by the hair through an ash factory , '' eve said . 
 `` come in . 
 you need a shower . '' 
 `` no . 
 we need to find michael and shane ! '' 
 `` and we 're not going to do it without getting a plan together , right ? 
 because i 'm pretty sure that wherever they are , they 're not wandering the town looking forus . '' 
 eve , suddenly , was all business . 
 usually claire was -lrb- or , at least , thought she was -rrb- the logical , planning part of the team , while eve provided the passion and intuition . 
 but today , eve was in charge , and she took claire firmly by the shoulders and steered her up the walk , toward the steps . 
 `` i called the police and talked to hannah . 
 no sign of the boys , or this messed-up fight club they 've gotten themselves mixed up with . 
 it 's quiet out there . 
 they 've searched the gym , too . 
 no sign of them there . '' 
 `` eve , we have todo something . '' 
 `` i know , '' eve said . 
 `` and the first thing you 're going to do is take a shower , wash off the -- oh , my god , is thatblood ? '' 
 `` it 's not his , '' claire said . 
 `` it 's not shane 's , i mean . '' 
 `` or michael 's ? '' 
 she had n't evenasked . 
 that made her want to beat her head against the wall ... but then she remembered oliver had been specific . 
 `` no , it was human blood , but it was n't shane 's . 
 so not michael 's , either . '' 
 `` thank god . '' 
 eve rested her shoulder against the wall of the house for a second , next to the door , and squeezed her eyes shut . 
 she looked almost dizzy with relief . 
 `` okay , inside . 
 i do n't know whose blood it is , but it does n't need to be all over you . '' 
 no arguing with that , really . 
 cleaning up had a definite stabilizing effect , to claire 's surprise ; she got her emotional bearings again , dressed , and found eve pacing downstairs in the living room , talking on the phone . 
 when she saw claire descending the stairs , she hung up and dropped her cell back in her pocket . 
 `` listen , i was thinking . 
 what if we go talk to frank again ? 
 now that kim busted open the encryption on that web site , maybe he can tell us more . 
 what do you think ? '' 
 `` i think i should have thought of it , '' claire said , and managed a smile . 
 `` i 'll call myrnin . 
 we can use the portal . '' 
 `` ugh . 
 ihate that thing , '' eve said . 
 `` but yeah , okay , i 'm up for scrambled molecules today . 
 but if that thing ruins my dress , i am hurting somebody . 
 probably your boss . '' 
 she reached down and grabbed a black canvas bag , which she slid across to claire as she lifted another , identical one . 
 `` what 's this ? '' 
 `` picnic lunch . 
 what do you think it is ? '' 
 `` antivampire kit ? '' 
 `` yes.and lunch . 
 i made us sandwiches . 
 i even cut off the crusts . '' 
 eve grinned fiercely . 
 `` you and me , girlfriend . 
 let 's go rescue the menfolk for a change . '' 
 she held up her hand , and claire high-fived it and returned the grin just as fiercely . 
 suddenly , she felt like herself again : in control , with a plan , armed . 
 no shane at her back , but that was okay . 
 she and eve would do it . 
 together . 
 she faced the wall , did the mental calculations , and created the portal that led through to myrnin 's lab . 
 it was dark on the other end , and she sensed the presence of the locked door . 
 `` dammit . '' 
 she pulled out her phone and dialed . 
 `` myrnin ? 
 open the portal . 
 i need to get through . '' 
 `` it 's not a good time , '' myrnin said . 
 he sounded distracted . 
 `` that 's too bad . 
 i 'm coming through . 
 if you do n't want to see me get splattered and killed , open the door . '' 
 he sighed in exasperation and dropped the phone , which might have been read aswhatever , but in the next moment , she sensed the door unlocking and opening , and beyond , a slice of light widened and became the lab . 
 myrnin was standing there , holding open the door , looking just as harassed as he 'd sounded . 
 `` well ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` are you coming through or creating a breeze ? '' 
 claire gestured for eve to go ahead of her , which she did , moving fast , dancing around myrnin on the other end . 
 claire followed and let the portal snap shut behind her . 
 myrnin slammed and padlocked the door , then rolled the bookcase in front of it before he whirled around , clasped his hands behind his back , and said , `` i have gotten a series of calls from amelie . 
 you 've been keeping secrets , claire . 
 fromme . 
 and i do not appreciate it . '' 
 `` normally , i 'd care about that , '' claire said . 
 `` but right now , you 're going to have to get over your hurt feelings , because we 've got things to do . 
 a lot of things , probably . 
 and you 're going to help us . '' 
 `` no , i 'm not . '' 
 `` yes , you are , '' claire said . 
 `` you owe me , myrnin . '' 
 she pulled the neck of her shirt down to show the silvery bite scars that never quite seemed to go away . 
 `` you 're going to help . 
 that 's all there is to it . '' 
 he looked ... completely puzzled . 
 `` you ca n't talk to me this way , claire . '' 
 `` i can and i am and i will , '' she said . 
 `` and you 're going to help us find shane and michael before amelie and oliver do . '' 
 `` i ` mdefinitely not . 
 i 'm on thin enough ground with amelie at the moment . 
 i wo n't cross her just for the sake of your wandering boyfriend . '' 
 `` myrnin , this isserious . 
 amelie could kill him , if she gets her hands on him first , and it ` snot his fault . 
 it 's gloriana . 
 shane would n't do these things , say the things he 's said ... not unless someone was manipulating him . 
 i know him . '' 
 `` and michael 's just trying to help him , '' eve put in . 
 `` you ca n't let michael get hurt , can you ? '' 
 `` dear girls , i can let anyone get hurt , because in my world , my safety and well-being come first , '' he said . 
 `` i thought you knew that by now . '' 
 `` i was hoping that i was wrong , '' claire said . 
 her mind was racing , and all of a sudden , she knewjust how to get myrnin to help , after all . 
 she made sure her voice sounded uncaring as she continued , `` but , anyway , we do n't need you , myrnin . 
 we need frank . '' 
 `` frank , '' myrnin repeated , frowning . 
 over his shoulder , claire saw frank 's image flicker into black and white . 
 he did n't smile , and there was something in his computer-generated expression that made her nervous . 
 `` no , i shall not allow frank to help you , either . 
 this is very dangerous territory . 
 amelie and oliver have their plans , and you should n't get in the way . 
 not for your lives ' sake . '' 
 `` look , i do n'tcare about the risk , '' claire said . 
 `` we 're finding shane and michael , and we 're going to get them out of there before they get hurt worse than they already have been . 
 we have to do thisnow . '' 
 `` it 's too late . '' 
 frank 's voice came from the speakers of her phone , eve 's phone , the radios positioned around the room . 
 it was toneless and dark , and claire felt all her resolve and energy go cold in its wake . 
 `` i 'm sorry , kids , but when that first web site got hacked , they moved to a secondary location . 
 i can see it , but i ca n't track it . 
 i do n't think they had time to do the full encryption , but they did enough . 
 i do have one piece of information that could help , though ... '' `` frank , be quiet , '' myrnin said . 
 `` i did n't give you permission to -- '' `` do n't make me say nasty things in front of the juveniles , '' frank said , `` because i 'm not your dog , crazy man . 
 you plugged me in , myrnin . 
 you do n't get to shut me up now . '' 
 `` we 'll see about that . 
 i can very easily shut youdown , you know . '' 
 `` and sacrifice all the security protocols around the town , now ? 
 how do you think amelie would feel about that ? 
 i 'm guessing she would n't be too thrilled , what with the risk of bishop getting away undetected . '' 
 frank 's image drifted closer to myrnin and flickered unsteadily , as if he was having trouble keeping control of it . 
 `` he 's myson , myrnin . 
 maybe that does n't mean anything to you , but it does to me . 
 and i 'm going to help , no matter what you say . 
 if you want to pull my plug , go for it . 
 i always said i 'd be better off dead . '' 
 myrnin 's lips parted , then closed . 
 he made a frustrated gesture and stalked away , arms folded , back stiff . 
 `` do what you wish , '' he said . 
 `` my hands are clean . '' 
 `` yeah ? 
 how long did it take you to wash off a thousand years of blood ? '' 
 frank returned his focus to claire . 
 `` i got an open ip address during the switch over , just for a second , and it routed through a private computer right here in morganville . 
 happens to be a guy i know . 
 it was one of the names i gave myrnin when we first started talking about this . '' 
 `` who is it ? '' 
 `` harry anderson , small-time thief and hacker , big-time idiot . 
 if harry had a motto , it would be ` anything for a buck . ' 
 he 's good with computers , but bad with staying out of trouble . 
 i pulled him out of the fire a couple of times when he almost got his head taken off . 
 literally . 
 the good news is that harry 's got the backbone of a bacteria . 
 go get him . '' 
 `` awesome , '' eve said . 
 `` lock and load . 
 what 's the address ? '' 
 myrnin sighed and buried his hands in his hair , tugging at it like a crazy man . 
 `` you 're actually going to do this foolish thing . 
 why ca n't you just stay out of it ? 
 amelie said -- '' `` do you always do what amelie says ? '' 
 claire asked , and grabbed her black canvas bag . 
 `` yes . '' 
 he thought about it . 
 `` almost always . 
 or , well , occasionally , when it suits me . 
 but the point is that it suits me this time . '' 
 `` i try to do what people say , if they have good reasons , but amelie does n't have a good reason . 
 i do n't intend to let her kill shane just because she 's in a bad mood and has some ancient feud going with a bunch of other vampires . '' 
 myrnin shrugged . 
 `` all right . 
 but do n't ask me for any help . '' 
 claire smiled . 
 she knew what she was doing now ; myrnin was actually pretty easy , once you figured out how competitive he was with frank . 
 `` i wo n't . 
 i do n't need it . 
 frank 's already given us what we want . '' 
 that made him give her a strangely hurt look . 
 `` iwould be useful , you know . 
 i can scare people quite easily when i want to . 
 it 's a valuable skill . 
 frank ca n't dothat . '' 
 `` we 're going to get what we need , '' eve said . 
 `` and we do n't need a vampire to make it happen , either . '' 
 `` but it would , in fact , make things easier . '' 
 `` i said we did n't need you , '' claire said . 
 `` and you said you did n't want to help . 
 so you do n't have to come with us now . '' 
 he pulled himself up with great dignity . 
 `` i never said i wanted to ! '' 
 `` does n't matter what you say . 
 you 're not coming . '' 
 `` why not ? 
 provided i had any desire , which i do n't . '' 
 eve shook her head . 
 `` where do you want me to start ? 
 you 're nuts , and you just told us you 're not interested in saving shane and michael . 
 so why should we bother with you ? 
 what 's the point ? '' 
 myrnin turned his back on her and looked at claire . 
 `` and you do n't think you need me ? '' 
 claire looked him over . 
 he was reasonably action hero today , with a long , black velvet coat and a turquoise vest and some kind of dark red shirt beneath that . 
 if you liked your action heroes from the late 1800s , at least . 
 `` if you go , you do exactly what we say . 
 and no running off to tell amelie . '' 
 `` i do n't like that last bit . '' 
 `` you do n't have to . 
 take it or leave it . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i 'll take it , then . 
 stay here . 
 i will get my things . '' 
 he left , heading for the room at the rear of the lab that doubled as his bedroom , supposing that myrnin ever actually slept . 
 `` things ? '' 
 eve said . 
 `` he hasthings ? '' 
 `` probably lots of them , '' claire said . 
 `` he invents them in his spare time . '' 
 sure enough , when myrnin came back , he was carrying a bag just a little bit bigger than the ones eve and claire carried . 
 his was also black , with a popular swoosh-y logo on the side.just do it , claire thought . 
 well , that made sense for myrnin , mostly because he rarely thought things through , anyway , unless they were mechanical and mathematical . 
 `` what 's in the bag ? '' 
 eve asked . 
 `` your bunny slippers ? '' 
 myrnin hefted it to his shoulder and said , `` a projectile weapon that fires silver aero-dispersant cartridges , among other things . '' 
 `` i do n't understand what you just said . '' 
 `` like tear gas , but with powdered silver , '' claire said . 
 `` airborne . 
 right ? '' 
 `` exactly so . 
 i have several things i 'd like to try . '' 
 he seemed gruesomely enthusiastic about that , actually . 
 `` i so rarely have the chance to field-test anything . 
 amelie is so conservative about these things . '' 
 `` no kidding , '' eve said . 
 `` holla . '' 
 myrnin 's eyes widened . 
 he looked at claire , who shrugged . 
 `` she agrees , '' she said . 
 eve started for the stairs , and myrnin moved to follow , but claire held him back . 
 `` wait . 
 you 'd better not be following us and reporting back to anybody else . '' 
 `` i would n't do that . 
 i am not a -- what do you call it ? 
 snark ? '' 
 `` narc . 
 or snitch . '' 
 `` i would tell you quite honestly if i intended to betray you to amelie , '' he said , and his luminous black eyes locked onto hers . 
 `` i 'm not as fond of your friend shane , but i will help you . 
 for one thing , i do n't like it that gloriana has such a hold on this town , or that bishop is at large . 
 these things ca n't end well for anyone . 
 i 'd rather take them on now than risk amelie coming to harm . '' 
 it was the first time she 'd heard myrnin say anything about amelie that she could interpret asfriendship . 
 claire said , frowning , `` because you care about her ? '' 
 `` well , that , of course , but i ca n't see oliver supporting my research nearly as thoroughly . 
 can you ? 
 he does n't have much respect for the scientific or alchemical arts . '' 
 he swept his hand in the direction of the stairs in an elegant gesture , and bowed from the waist . 
 `` after you , my dear . '' 
 `` you 're going to need a hat and coat . 
 it 's sunny . '' 
 `` bother . '' 
 he grabbed up a ratty-looking old trench coat with a torn sleeve , and a floppy hat that looked like something a little old lady might have worn to work in the garden , if she 'd been color-blind . 
 `` is that sufficient ? '' 
 fourteen myrnin had a car . 
 somehow , this surprised claire ; she had n't thought he had any use for one , but amelie would have undoubtedly thought about emergencies , which was why there was a conservative , dark-toned town car sitting in a dilapidated shack behind gramma day 's home . 
 it was n't locked up , and it had a coating of dust that made claire wonder if it had ever been moved at all . 
 myrnin had no idea where the keys were . 
 claire found them on a nail , hanging behind the shack 's sagging door . 
 they were loading the black bags into the trunk of the car when the door slid back and a squat , round , stooped shape was silhouetted by the sunlight at its back . 
 it took a second for claire 's eyes to adjust , but when she did , she recognized the lined , hard-set face of gramma day under that soft cloud of gray hair . 
 gramma was wearing a flowered dress and house shoes , and she was carrying a shotgun that claire would have sworn was too big for her to lift . 
 she sure looked like she knew what she was doing with it . 
 the sound of her racking a round into the chamber , that heavy metallicchuk-chuk , made all three of them freeze . 
 even myrnin . 
 gramma leveled the shotgun at them , squinted , and then started to lower it . 
 `` is that claire ? '' 
 `` gramma , it 's me . 
 and my friend eve . 
 oh , and you probably know myrnin . '' 
 gramma clearly did , because the gun came right back to her shoulder . 
 `` i know who all my neighbors are . 
 do n't much care forthat one . '' 
 myrnin raised his chin . 
 `` dear lady , i ` venever -- '' `` only 'cause i do n't allow you anywhere near my property . 
 you know what i call you ? 
 trapdoor spider . '' 
 myrnin blinked . 
 `` that is ... surprisingly accurate , actually . 
 well , feel free to drop in on me any time you wish . 
 oh , of course , i promise not to hurt you . '' 
 `` do n't think i 'll be relying on yourpromises . 
 what are you doing in here ? '' 
 `` driving my car . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 she did lower the gun now and staggered a little . 
 if she 'd actually fired it , she 'd probably have broken her shoulder , as thin and fragile as she was . 
 `` did n't know it wasyours . 
 knew it belonged to some vampire or other , but i never asked any questions . 
 never saw anybody driving it . '' 
 `` well , you have now , '' claire said . 
 `` providing it starts . '' 
 she pitched the keys to eve , who managed to field them while myrnin was distracted with gramma day . 
 `` and before you ask , no , you 're not driving , myrnin . 
 i remember the last time . '' 
 `` that accident was not my fault . '' 
 `` you were the only one on the road , and the mailbox actually did n't leap out in front of you . 
 no arguments . 
 you sit in the back , too . '' 
 `` you 've turned into quite a bossy little thing , '' myrnin said . 
 `` i think i might like it . '' 
 he opened the back door and slid inside . 
 eve shrugged , got in the driver 's seat , and cranked the engine . 
 it wheezed and coughed , but it did start . 
 gramma day shook her head and hobbled out of the way , holding the door back . 
 `` claire , '' she said . 
 `` you want to watch yourself . 
 that man ai n't right . 
 you keep a good watch on him . 
 you hear me ? '' 
 `` i know . 
 i will . '' 
 `` you want my shotgun ? '' 
 `` no , '' claire said very politely . 
 `` but thank you . '' 
 gramma waved at them as eve piloted the car out of the garage and then applied the brakes sharply and said , `` um ... problem ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 claire looked up from fastening her seat belt . 
 eve was staring at the front window with a horrified , mortified expression on her face . 
 theblack front window . 
 `` it 's avampire car , '' she said . 
 `` and i ca n't believe neither of us thought about that . '' 
 `` i can , '' myrnin said from the backseat . 
 `` now . 
 could i please drive my own car , seeing as how i am the only one who is actually qualified to do so ? '' 
 he 's been justwaitingfor that , claire thought . 
 she sighed and rubbed her forehead . 
 it was going to be a long , long day . 
 `` switch , '' she said . 
 `` myrnin , drivecarefully . 
 understand ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 he did n't . 
 afterward , claire tried not to think how hair-raising the ride was ; myrnin was the only one who could actuallysee the danger , but she couldhear it , and it was horrifying . 
 squealing brakes at virtually every intersection as other drivers put all their skills to use in avoiding the moving target of their car . 
 yells . 
 honking horns . 
 a siren that myrnin blissfully ignored , and that finally turned off without him ever pulling the vehicle to the curb . 
 at least he did n't hit anything that she could tell . 
 she was almost sure about that . 
 almost . 
 myrnin finally hit the brakes way , way too firmly , sending her and eve hurtling against their seat belts , and put the car in park . 
 `` see ? '' 
 he said , with an unholy amount of glee . 
 `` i hardly broke any laws at all . 
 i should drive more often . '' 
 `` no . 
 trust me , you should n't , '' eve said . 
 `` think of the little old people and the children . 
 please tell me we 're there . '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 eve opened her door and peered out cautiously . 
 she shut it again . 
 `` bythere i meanparked , myrnin . '' 
 `` we 're not moving . '' 
 `` against the curb . '' 
 he started the car and drove another two feet at an angle . 
 claire felt the bump as he ran over the curb . 
 so much for not hitting anything . 
 he left it there , with the car 's right wheels up off the street . 
 `` not exactly what i meant , '' eve said . 
 `` do you imagine they 're going to issue me a citation ... what was your name again ? '' 
 `` still eve . '' 
 `` no , i 'm sure it 's something else . 
 that does n't seem right . '' 
 myrnin got out and opened the trunk of the car . 
 they all loaded up on bags , and claire took her first real look around . 
 it was a decrepit old neighborhood ; most of the houses looked deserted . 
 the one where they were parked had sheets tacked up as curtains in the windows -- those that were n't covered up with peeling , rain-warped plywood . 
 trash had blown up against the walls , and from the look of it , some of it was older than claire was . 
 `` this is it , '' eve said . 
 `` you 're sure . '' 
 `` this is his address . '' 
 `` good . 
 you go first . '' 
 myrnin gave her a wicked smile . 
 `` whatever happened towe do n't need you ? '' 
 `` we do n't , '' eve said . 
 `` but while he 's busy staking you , we can get the drop on him . '' 
 myrnin did n't seem to see the humor in that , but he shrugged and hurried to the door , looking ridiculous in his flapping trench coat and old-lady hat , right up until he kicked in the door with one casual blow , leaned in , and said , `` please do n't run . 
 i 'm not in a good mood . 
 better if you just sit still . '' 
 he cocked his head and listened , then smiled . 
 what was it with vampires and chilling smiles ? 
 his made claire grip her antivampire bag tighter and wish she had n't stood quite so close . 
 `` ah , '' he said . 
 `` and there he goes . 
 you two wait here . '' 
 he dashed off , moving like a flicker of light . 
 claire looked at eve , who shook her head and stepped over the threshold into the house . 
 claire stayed with her . 
 there was some kind of commotion at the back of the house , where she presumed a rear door was located , and as the two girls walked through the deserted , messy living room -lrb- what was it with guys and old pizza boxes ? 
 could they not throw them away ? -rrb- 
 myrnin reappeared from the back , shoving a pale , skinny man ahead of him . 
 the guy they were looking for , claire supposed . 
 he looked terrified . 
 `` sit , '' myrnin said , and shoved the guy onto the threadbare couch . 
 he looked around , sighed , and pushed some old pizza boxes and fast-food bags off an end table , then sat down . 
 `` you really should look into a maid . 
 just a thought . '' 
 `` are you harry ? '' 
 claire asked . 
 `` harry anderson ? '' 
 the man was not only pale and unshaven ; he was also shifty-eyed . 
 he looked like he was lying even when he was n't talking . 
 when he did finally answer , it looked even worse . 
 `` no , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm , uh , watching the place for a friend . 
 harry 's my friend , i mean . '' 
 eve reached into her bag and pulled out a crossbow . 
 she stuck a lethal-looking metal bolt on it and cranked back the string . 
 the man watched with increasing worry . 
 `` uh , i 'm not a vampire , '' he said . 
 `` yeah , i can see that , since you 're wearing oliver 's protection bracelet , '' eve agreed . 
 `` that 's not the only thing this is good for . 
 you 'd be surprised how effective it is on liars , too , harry . '' 
 he licked his lips , staring at her , and then shifted his gaze to claire . 
 he must have decided she was nicer , because he said , `` you 're not going to let her do this , are you ? 
 what are you girls , anyway , twelve ? 
 do your parents know you 're hanging around with vampires old enough to be your -- '' eve snapped the trigger , and the bolt whizzed past harry 's head and buried itself in the wall next to him . 
 he yelped and almost jumped off the sofa , but myrnin put a hand on his shoulder and held him down as eve reloaded . 
 `` now , '' eve said . 
 `` we 've got some questions , harry , and i 'm going to suggest , strongly , that you just go ahead and answer them . 
 if you think claire is going to be any kinder to you than i am , you 're very mistaken . 
 my boyfriend 's only missing . 
 hers is in your little fight club . '' 
 `` oh , '' harry said , and then , in an entirely different and much more worried tone , `` oh.this is about -- '' `` immortalbattles-dot-com , '' claire said . 
 `` you helped set it up , so you know these people . 
 you know where they were . '' 
 `` uh , sure , but they 're not there now . '' 
 `` nobody 's there , idiot . 
 they blew it up , '' eve said . 
 `` you see the bruises and cuts on my friend there ? 
 that 's what your friends did . 
 they tried to blow up thefounder . 
 how do you think that 's going to go over , harry ? 
 because i 'm thinking that you should just take this crossbow bolt straight in the heart and get it over with . 
 she 's not the forgiving type . '' 
 harry closed his eyes and sweated , a lot . 
 claire waited , content to just stand there and look -- well , not menacing , but maybe impatient . 
 myrnin , on the other hand , looked menacing . 
 he 'd shed the hat and coat , and now was perched with inhuman grace on the arm of the couch , staring down at harry with those glowing , scary red eyes . 
 `` harry , '' he said quietly . 
 `` do decide what you want to do . 
 i 'm hungry , and if you 're going to cooperate , please indicate it immediately , before i assume you 're not . 
 i 'd hate for you to be trying to utter a dying declaration and be unable to do so . '' 
 harry 's eyes snapped open again , full of panic , and he scooted as far away from myrnin as was possible . 
 that was n't very far , because the other half of his couch was a rat 's nest of piled-up papers , mail , boxes , and wadded-up old clothes . 
 the place was a pit . 
 claire shuddered and decided not to sit downanywhere . 
 `` wait , '' harry blurted . 
 `` just wait , okay ? 
 uh , right , the fight people . 
 yeah , they paid me to move everything . 
 you know , the cameras , the equipment , the server , the whole setup . 
 and to run the re-encryption , not that it 's going to do any good ; somebody cracked it pretty good the first time ... '' `` where ? '' 
 claire asked . 
 when harry did n't answer immediately , she opened up her bag and rooted through it . 
 she came up with one of eve 's silver-coated stakes , decorated with shiny crystals in the shape of a gothic cross . 
 she showed it to eve . 
 `` pretty , '' she said . 
 eve smiled . 
 `` i like things to be nice , '' she said . 
 `` but you can never get the blood out from between those -- '' `` okay ! '' 
 harry interrupted . 
 `` jeez , you 're justkids ! 
 all right , fine . 
 i moved it all to a place near the edge of town . 
 i can give you the address , and then i 'm done , okay ? 
 done . 
 i pull the phone , grab my stuff , and i move the hell out of here . 
 you wo n't have any trouble from me -- no , sir . '' 
 `` i can think of an easier way to ensure that , '' myrnin said . 
 `` girls ? 
 what do you think ? '' 
 eve stared at claire , who stared back , twirling the silver stake in her fingers . 
 it was all theater . 
 she was n't going to kill anybody , and neither was eve . 
 myrnin might have , but claire thought they could hold him back . 
 maybe . 
 `` i think we should give him a chance , '' claire said . 
 `` mr. anderson , you understand that if you give us the wrong information , or if you doanything to warn them we 're coming ... well , it wo n't be nice . 
 will it ? '' 
 `` i knew it : you 're the nice one , '' he said . 
 `` you called me mr. anderson . '' 
 claire stabbed the stake in the coffee table , point down , with all her strength . 
 it sank in , not as deeply as she wished , but enough to hold it upright on its own , with its red gothic cross shining in the dim light . 
 `` harry , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm really not that nice . '' 
 he swallowed and nodded and reached for a piece of paper and a pencil . 
 he scribbled down an address and sketched out a map . 
 he even noted on there which doors were safe to go into . 
 he looked at her , then myrnin , then eve , and finally handed the paper to myrnin . 
 who smiled . 
 `` why thank you , harry . 
 what a good decision you 've made . '' 
 he jumped down with a loud thump , pulled on his trench coat , and slapped the hat on his head . 
 `` i think we can go now . '' 
 `` no , '' eve said . 
 she held out her hand . 
 `` cell phone . '' 
 harry dug in his pockets and came up with one , which she dropped to the floor and stepped on , a lot , until it was just pieces of glittering junk . 
 `` your computer ? '' 
 `` back there . '' 
 he pointed . 
 `` myrnin , would you mind ? '' 
 `` of course not . 
 i told you i was useful . '' 
 `` then go rip it up . 
 claire , find his landlines . '' 
 in the end , they left harry sitting miserably in his filthy living room , with a pile of broken phones and shattered computer equipment , and instructions to stay out of things , or else . 
 claire was pretty sure he 'd gotten the message . 
 loudly . 
 but just to make sure , eve had tied him up with duct tape . 
 he looked like a silver mummy . 
 `` do n't worry , '' eve said . 
 `` i 'm going to call the cops and ask them to look in on you in about , oh , three hours . 
 none of those cockroaches look hungry -- that 's the good news . 
 they 're all about the pizza , not the human flesh . 
 so you 'll be just fine , harry . '' 
 she patted his head and smiled so brightly that harry looked momentarily dazzled . 
 eve was pretty , and she could be totally stunning when she smiled like that . 
 `` bye , '' she said . 
 he mumbled something around the duct tape , and that was that . 
 eve did do what she 'd promised ; as myrnin drove -lrb- another terrifying , in-the-dark experiment -rrb- , she called hannah moses 's office and reported the whole thing . 
 `` wait , '' hannah said . 
 claire could see why , as head of the morganville police department , she was a little puzzled about this whole thing . 
 `` you 're telling me you just assaulted and terrorized a protected citizen of morganville and left him tied up , and you wantme to check on him for you ? 
 did i get that right ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' eve said . 
 `` well , it sounds bad when you say it like that , but that 's pretty much it . 
 just so he does n't choke or have a heart attack or something . 
 also , there are a lot of cockroaches . 
 i worried about that . '' 
 `` you realize that you 're admitting to crimes , eve . '' 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 `` because we 're sort of doing stuff for amelie . 
 following up a lead . 
 she 'll , ah , back us up . '' 
 she raised her eyebrows at claire , a clearright ? 
 in her expression . 
 claire shrugged . 
 `` besides , oliver 's his protector , and oliver wo n't care what we did . 
 if he 'd gotten to him first , i 'm pretty sure you 'd be doing a whole lot more cleanup . '' 
 hannah was quiet for a few seconds and then said , `` i remember when this was a quiet little town . 
 that was nice . '' 
 `` it was never quiet , hannah . 
 you just went off to afghanistan . '' 
 `` and it was quieter there , too . 
 all right . 
 i 'll check in on your prisoner . 
 what are you girls up to ? '' 
 `` do you want to know ? '' 
 `` should n't i ? '' 
 `` uh ... i do n't think you should , '' claire said . 
 `` seeing as how you 'd think you needed to do something about it , and staying out of the way is probably a whole lot safer right now . '' 
 `` are you going to take your own advice ? '' 
 `` we ca n't , '' claire said . 
 `` shane and michael are in trouble . 
 we 're going to get them out . '' 
 `` you 're sure i ca n't help with that ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' eve said . 
 `` i 'm sure . 
 we 've got all the help we can handle already . '' 
 myrnin whipped the wheel in a sharp movement that made tires squeal , and threw the girls around in the backseat of the car . 
 eve almost dropped her phone . 
 `` are you in the car that 's almost caused three accidents on north vance ? '' 
 hannah asked . 
 `` because i 'm following you with my lights flashing , and whoever 's driving is n't pulling over . '' 
 `` let him go , '' claire said . 
 `` trust me . 
 you are n't going to get him to stop . '' 
 `` oh , god . 
 it 's myrnin , is n't it ? '' 
 `` tell that police lady to stop chasing me , '' myrnin said , annoyed , from the front seat . 
 `` really , i 'm notthat bad at this . '' 
 all evidence to the contrary . 
 but hannah hung up on her end , and the wail of her siren died away . 
 claire supposed that at the moment , that was as much of a win as they might reasonably hope for . 
 so here they were , hurtling into the dark on the tip of a terrified thief who might or might not be screwing with them , and they 'd just refused police assistance . 
 this was turning outso well . 
 but claire had to admit , eve was all kinds of awesome , when she had the chance to shine . 
 she glittered and flared and was sharp enough to cut , just like a diamond . 
 all claire had to do was look reasonably intense , which right now was n't a problem . 
 shefelt intense , because she could n't stop thinking about shane . 
 where he was . 
 what he was doing . 
 what was being done to him . 
 gloriana . 
 claire 's cell phone rang , and she jumped and looked at the screen . 
 mr. radamon , mit . 
 oh , god . 
 she took a deep breath , squeezed her eyes shut , and answered . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` ms. danvers , hello . 
 this is mr. radamon from mit . 
 i 'm very sorry to bother you , but i need to check in and see how things are going . 
 with your arrangements . 
 as you can imagine , these places are very difficult to hold , and i do need your answer fairly soon to -- '' `` i know , '' claire said , and tried not to let her voice shake . 
 she felt like she was being squeezed in a vise now , and her head was about to explode . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i 'm kind of in the middle of something . 
 i promise , i 'll call you as soon as i can , sir . 
 thanks . '' 
 `` all right , thank you -- '' she hung up . 
 fast . 
 silence in the car . 
 eve gave her a curious look . 
 `` well , '' myrnin said quietly from the front seat . 
 `` i would suggest we focus on the problem at hand . 
 the fewer distractions , the better , i believe . '' 
 his tone of voice was entirely different than it had been before , and claire realized that he 'd heard the conversation . 
 heard every word on the other end of the line , too . 
 no secrets from someone like myrnin . 
 she could n't tell what he was thinking , but he was unnaturally still . 
 `` myrnin -- '' she began . 
 he held up one stiffened hand in a sharp gesture . 
 `` no , '' he said . 
 `` we do n't discuss this now . 
 later , perhaps . '' 
 he glanced at her in the rearview mirror , and his eyes were dark and very troubled . 
 `` we should be at the address mr. anderson gave us in just a moment . 
 you should be ready . '' 
 `` about that ... '' claire forced herself to stop marveling at the incredibly bad timing , and remembered just what it was they were doing . 
 `` we know the safe entrances , but how are we going to do this ? 
 go in together ? 
 separately ? '' 
 `` i assume the priority is to find your friends and remove them from the premises first , before calling in amelie and oliver -- that being equivalent to summoning a nuclear strike . 
 is that correct ? '' 
 `` yes , '' eve said . 
 `` shane and michael , first priority . 
 oh , and not getting killed . 
 that one 's big , too . '' 
 she frowned and grabbed claire 's cell phone back . 
 `` hey , is this thing internet ready ? '' 
 `` yeah , it 's a smartphone , '' claire said . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` i think we should see what 's going on at the web site , '' eve said . 
 she worked with the phone for a minute or so , then held it out so claire could also see the small but clear screen . 
 the immortal battles site loaded slowly , but it loaded , and eve expanded the part that talked about upcoming bouts . 
 there was a countdown counter going , and it was winding down fast . 
 the banner read live event . 
 there was a video embedded next to it that started playing when claire clicked it . 
 vassily again , dressed in his dumb halloween interpretation of a vampire -lrb- although , truthfully , myrnin was n't costumed so differently right now -rrb- . 
 vassily looked excited and a bit nervous as he leaned toward the camera , enough that it caught glimpses of his long , white teeth . 
 `` hello , members , '' he said . 
 `` we have a very special treat for you , so get ready to place those bets . 
 on one side , we have our reigning champion , shane ` the hammer ' collins . '' 
 and vassily drew back to show shane sitting there in a chair , stripped to the waist , all those awful bruises showing . 
 he was n't tied up or anything . 
 he seemed fine , but very focused . 
 vassily moved on , and the camera moved with him . 
 they went through some kind of a door , very walk-and-talk , and all of a sudden the camera fumbled and focused on another familiar face.michael . 
 he seemed okay , but unlike shane , he was tied up -- no , chained . 
 chained to a wall . 
 he lunged for vassily , but he came up short . 
 vassily flashed fangs at him . 
 michael flashed them right back . 
 `` and this , my friends , is our newest warm-up contender for our champion ... michael ! 
 these two have been building a grudge match for more than a year , and it 's all the more violent because they were once best friends . 
 so , who do you think will come out on top : the current victor , or the vampire ? 
 place your bets ! 
 the match starts in just a few minutes , with the winner meeting our special benefactor ... '' vassily was walking and talking again , leaving michael 's frustrated , anguished face behind . 
 the camera jostled after him , through tunnels and darkness , and quite suddenly , apparently to vassily 's surprise , there was a man standing in his way . 
 his patter faltered and stopped . 
 it was mr. bishop . 
 not the skeletal , desperate thing that claire had seen before ... no , bishop had showered , found fresh clothes , and , clearly , fed until he was completely recovered . 
 he lookedyounger than before . 
 and very , very strong . 
 the menace came off him like black light . 
 `` well , '' vassily said awkwardly . 
 `` uh , sir , i do n't think you should be -- '' `` shut up , vassily . 
 i make the decisions here , '' bishop said . 
 `` and i have decided that today -- i will fight the winner of today 's match . 
 i feel the need for a bit of exercise before we move on to bigger prey . '' 
 `` sir , this is n't ... this is n't what we agreed -- '' bishop 's eyes went red and his fangs came down , and claire almost dropped the phone . 
 even whoever was running the camera was moving backward . 
 `` i 'm changing our agreement , minion . 
 tonight i 'm changing all the agreements . 
 tonight we will take the fight out of the cage . 
 into the streets . 
 to the founder . '' 
 `` sir -- '' bishop hit vassily hard enough to knock him into the wall , and stood there staring down at him . 
 `` i 've waited long enough , '' he said . 
 `` i do n't need your filthy money . 
 what ineed is to feel her blood in my mouth . 
 are we understood ? '' 
 vassily got up , cringing , and bowed his head . 
 `` yes , sir . 
 understood . 
 uh , but first , we bring you the fighting ... ? '' 
 `` by all means , '' bishop said , and smiled . 
 `` i want to see these two do damage to each other . 
 it would please me a great deal . '' 
 the video ended . 
 claire fumbled with the phone and , hands shaking , pulled up the counter again . 
 next to it were odds . 
 shane was favored over michael two to one . 
 bishop was heavily favored to beat either one of them . 
 and the counter ... . 
 the counter for the fight had run out . 
 `` no , '' claire whispered . 
 `` no ... '' bishop did n't intend for this to go on much longer ; he 'd gone on camera in open defiance of amelie . 
 he was serious ; this would end in slaughter , whatever happened in the cage match . 
 fifteen shane he 'd been crazy to try it . 
 when i saw michael show up at the barn , vassily and gloriana had been loading us up in the van to take us to the new place . 
 i do n't know how he found me ; i could have sworn nobody at the gym knew anything about where we were , but there he was , michael effing glass , walking up in his stupid black vampire coat and hat and gloves , trying to talk to me like we knew each other . 
 like he had n't stabbed me in the back the second he 'd agreed to stop being human . 
 he 'd joinedthem , the vampires . 
 our masters , who 'd made my dad a loser and let monica morrell run wild , doing whatever , which turned out to be fatal for my sister . 
 they 'd sent killers after my mom . 
 michael should have known better . 
 he should have known that no matter what , i could n't forgive him , not deep down . 
 they 'd taken my family away . 
 vassily and glory had had him grabbed , of course , and stuffed in the other van , the one that held the vamps . 
 they did n't try to transport us together , not anymore . 
 too many fights . 
 he kept yelling at me , but i just watched until they had him locked down and then i walked away . 
 he used to be my friend , and , damn , it still hurt to know he 'd done this to us , tome.he 'd changed everything . 
 about time he knew how that felt . 
 maybe it was the shock of seeing him -- i do n't know -- but i found i was n't feeling quite as pumped up about the upcoming bout as before . 
 my head was hurting and i was tired ; sleep had n't come easy lately because of all the bruises and cracked bones . 
 when glory was around , it was better . 
 i did n't think so much . 
 but now , in the van , i noticed how there was a thick wire mesh between us human fighters and the driver 's seat , like we were vicious dogs or something . 
 when i looked around at the others , i thought maybe that was true . 
 there were four of us in here , and , to be honest , i was probably the toughest . 
 i did n't look it , though . 
 they looked like my dad 's biker buddies , all sweat and muscles and tats , with shaved heads and goatees . 
 they were ready to tear it up . 
 i guess i was , too , or at least i would be once we got where we were going . 
 once glory smiled at me again . 
 i leaned my head back and closed my eyes , and instead of seeing glory 's wicked , cool smile , i saw claire 's sweet one , the one she gave only me , the one that had made me forget all about being angry or tough or hurt . 
 with her , things were good . 
 i was good . 
 because of her . 
 it was the exact opposite of what glory 's presence did ; hers made me remember all the bad stuff , boil it up and over , and want to take it out on anybody who was in the way . 
 claire made me forget all that and realize that i did n't have to be angry . 
 no , i was doing this for her.for her.i needed to earn my passage out of town , before it was too late . 
 she 'd even said that the other night , before that awful moment at the gym when she 'd been so close to michael , and i 'd -- i 'd thought ... i knew it was n't true . 
 i knew claire would n't hurt me like that . 
 i opened my eyes and took in a quick breath . 
 i needed glory . 
 i could n't stay tough if i thought about claire ; i missed her , and i hated that it made me feel weak and sick . 
 she 'd left me first , hanging out with that bastard myrnin , sneaking out to be with him . 
 no matter what she said , that was the truth . 
 but i could n't help it . 
 i wanted her . 
 i wanted her with me , and the only way it could be right was away from here . 
 out of morganville . 
 `` hey , collins , do n't fall asleep on us ! '' 
 yelled brett , who had his first match coming up later , after mine . 
 `` got ta get hot , my man ! '' 
 he punched me in the shoulder , right where i had a big , spreading bruise and swelling . 
 i did n't wince , but the pain that shot through me made me see waves of red , and it was suddenly tough to breathe . 
 i rode it out and forced myself to grin back at him . 
 `` i get any hotter , i 'll burn you alive , '' i said . 
 he howled like a wolf . 
 some guys did n't need glory 's influence to go nuts ; brett was like that . 
 `` hit me again , and i 'll bust you up , man . '' 
 he flexed his fists and grinned , but he took me seriously and sat down against the wall of the van . 
 `` you thinking about that girl again ? '' 
 `` no , '' i lied . 
 i was trying not to , because it hurt . 
 it hurt thinking that somewhere out there she might be looking for me . 
 all i could think about was that somewhere she could be alone , afraid , maybe crying . 
 because of me . 
 i shut my eyes again and banged my head on the wall of the van , enough to hurt and leave a dent . 
 i wished glory had ridden with us . 
 i really , really did . 
 when i got out of the van , we were at some falling-down old warehouse , another crappy piece of morganville ancient history that nobody cared about . 
 i saw fading letters on the outside . 
 it must have been some kind of carpet mill . 
 big brick building , not many windows , and what windows had been there were broken out three stories up by some local kids with good arms . 
 not a lot of time for sightseeing , but i recognized the area ; you do n't grow up in this stupid town without prowling around the places your parents do n't want you to go . 
 me and lyss had poked through some of these abandoned warehouses when she was about twelve and i was stupider than usual . 
 we 'd gotten away with it , but looking back on it now , i could n't believe we 'd ever taken that chance . 
 now that she was gone , it made me cold to think all the risks i 'd let her take . 
 if i could make things right again , make that fire stop , get her out of the house before all the smoke and the flames ... then i 'd never let her take another risk again . 
 i 'd protect her . 
 that 's what a big brother is supposed to do : protect . 
 but no , i 'd been a jackass to her , and i 'd fallen asleep on the couch , and by the time i woke up , the house was burning and i could n't get her out . 
 i do n't know if she woke up . 
 i hoped not . 
 i hoped she never knew , never felt the kind of screaming fear that i did while trying to get to her . 
 shake it off , collins.lyss was gone . 
 my mom and dad were gone . 
 i had to focus on getting myself through the next two hours or so without joining them . 
 if i did this right , i 'd make a lot of money : enough to buy my way out of town , get lost , make a new life . 
 forget claire . 
 that was what i had to do . 
 forget . 
 forget everything . 
 it was easier when gloriana prowled over and took my arm . 
 she was a vamp , yeah , but she did n'tfeel like one ; i did n't hate her and i did n't want to hurt her . 
 i wanted to please her , in all kinds of ways -- not that she wanted anything from me except to put up a good fight . 
 she went for the fanged boys . 
 like michael . 
 just another reason to hate him . 
 like i needed more . 
 `` are you ready ? '' 
 she asked me . 
 `` are you going to be my knight in shining armor , shane , protecting me from all the big , bad men ? '' 
 she said it with a smile , but i had the feeling she did n't mean it . 
 she seemed to be making fun of me , but i could n't get too upset about it . 
 there was something about her ... something that deep down i knew i hated but still could n't resist . 
 `` because we have a lot riding on you tonight . 
 we need you to make us a lot of money , very quickly , and we 're going to take that money and pay off some debts . 
 old debts , to someone we 'd rather not owe , if you know what i mean . 
 then there will be new owners for immortal battles , and vassily and i will be safe . 
 and we can all be out of morganville forever . '' 
 she was telling me things that i knew she did n't intend for me to understand , and on some level idid understand ... and i knew that something was very wrong . 
 but it was too late for any of that , for caution or thinking or resistance . 
 i hated her kind , but i 'd do anything for gloriana , and she knew it . 
 `` now , '' she said , and patted my hand the same way she would have patted a dog on the head . 
 `` you 're not going to have a problem with your warm-up match , are you ? '' 
 `` who am i fighting ? '' 
 `` your old friend . 
 michael . '' 
 michael . 
 i turned that over in my sluggishly working brain , and i wanted to sayno , but i could n't quite get it to come out of my mouth . 
 instead , i said , and i meant it , `` sure , no problem . '' 
 michael and i had fought before . 
 hell , i 'd put him down on the ground a couple of times , even though he was vamp-fast . 
 i could take him . 
 `` i only ask because it would be inconvenient if you had ... second thoughts . 
 we 're going to do this live , not on tape , you see . 
 more excitement that way . 
 more money . 
 there will be a live audience as well as one online . '' 
 did n't matter to me who was watching or why . 
 `` i fight vampires , '' i said . 
 `` that 's what i 'm supposed to do . 
 does n't matter who they are or who they used to be . 
 right ? '' 
 `` right , '' she said , and laughed . 
 i tried not to notice the flash of fangs in her mouth . 
 `` i love a man who knows what he wants , shane . 
 oh , and remember ... this fight does n't stop until one of you gets carried out . 
 no mercy . '' 
 `` no mercy , '' i said . 
 i felt weirdly hollow inside , empty where i 'd been full of all kinds of stuff before . 
 there was only the hate now , glowing and radiating inside of me , and it was starting to feel like something toxic . 
 something that was eating me up inside , spawning cancers like black clouds . 
 but it did n't matter . 
 none of that mattered when she opened the door and i saw the cage in the middle of the bleachers , and the people getting in their seats . 
 `` that 's yours , '' glory whispered to me . 
 `` that 's all yours , shane . 
 because you 're going to win tonight , and we 're all going to be free . '' 
 i looked at her , suddenly sure she was lying ... but there was something oddly open and honest in her blue eyes . 
 `` you mean it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` free ? '' 
 `` free , '' she repeated . 
 `` i promise you . 
 after tonight , you 'll never have to fight again . '' 
 then she led me down a hall and sat me in a chair , and vassily showed up doing his stupid dracula impression , with cameras that leered at me with empty eyes . 
 and then it was all over and the countdown was up . 
 time to fight . 
 `` paying customers , '' myrnin said . 
 he nodded to the people getting out of cars and walking toward the far door , the safe door , of the warehouse . 
 there were all types -- what passed for white-collar in morganville , moms , college kids , tough guys . 
 a cross section of crazy . 
 there were vampires , too , working the door ... claire recognized one of them , and said so . 
 `` yes , '' myrnin agreed . 
 `` he was with bishop before . 
 one of those amelie said has been missing . 
 now we know where he 's been . 
 no doubt vassily hired many of bishop 's former employees to staff his little venture . '' 
 `` but what does hewant ? '' 
 eve asked . 
 she was watching the parade of people forking over cash with a baffled and faintly sickened expression . 
 `` all this for money ? '' 
 `` millions of dollars , which to a vampire means safety and stability , '' myrnin said . 
 `` and independence . 
 our friends who broke away from amelie to form their little colony in blacke are n't the only ones who want out of morganville ; bishop 's friends and sympathizers fear amelie . 
 outside of this town , they could be their own little petty kings and queens . '' 
 the way he said it , he seemed bitter and distant , as if he 'd considered it before . 
 or done it before . 
 `` in any case , never think money is any less a good motive than passion . 
 you 'd be surprised what people will do for money that they would n't do for love . '' 
 `` we have to get in , '' eve said . 
 `` no doubt , '' myrnin agreed . 
 `` but they will know you immediately . 
 claire is less recognizable , and hardly anyone knows my face . 
 i suggest you stay here and -- '' eve gave him a withering look and said , `` pass me your hat . '' 
 `` pardon ? '' 
 `` yourhat . 
 and your coat . '' 
 myrnin gave her a doubtful look and handed them over . 
 she shook them out , sniffed them , made a face , and then put it on . 
 on eve , the coat looked even bigger and more ill-fitting than it had on myrnin , and the hat practically swallowed her head . 
 all that claire could see of her was a white flash of face . 
 just like a vamp . 
 `` huh , '' myrnin said , and cocked his head with great interest . 
 `` for someone so singular , you can disappear quite effectively . '' 
 `` shut up and get ready , '' eve said . 
 `` you 're going to need to move your butt if you do n't want it lightly fried . '' 
 he looked down at himself and frowned . 
 `` wo n't do , wo n't do . 
 far too individual . 
 no ... '' and before claire could stop him , he stripped off his coat and dumped it on the floor , along with his brocade vest . 
 he left on the crimson shirt and black pants -- very piratical . 
 `` better ? '' 
 `` sure , '' she said . 
 she could n't imagine it was . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 `` ready . '' 
 eve got out first and hurried toward the door , head down . 
 the vampires got one look at her face and waved her in without a word . 
 claire followed her , carrying both black bags . 
 they stopped her and asked for admission money , which myrnin dug out of a pocket and handed over ... in gold coins . 
 probably not all that unusual for the fanged bunch , claire guessed , because they just shrugged and pocketed the money and gave her and myrnin plastic strips to wear around their wrists . 
 `` you ca n't bring blood in , '' one of them said as he sealed the wristband . 
 `` concession 's at the back of the room . 
 ten bucks for a pint . '' 
 `` that 's ridiculous ! '' 
 myrnin said . 
 `` the prices -- '' claire nudged him along . 
 he looked outraged . 
 `` well , itis very high , '' he muttered . 
 `` oh . 
 there 's your friend , even . 
 ever ? '' 
 `` eve , '' claire said . 
 `` here , take your bag . 
 i 've got mine and eve 's . 
 i 'm going to go find shane . 
 you and eve -- '' `` no need for that , '' myrnin said as the lights dimmed and the door boomed shut at the back of the room . 
 claire had the distinct impression that it was being locked up , and anyone who arrived after was going to be standing outside enjoying the day , humanor vampire . 
 `` here he comes . '' 
 claire turned around . 
 they were standing on the concrete floor , and the cheap aluminum bleachers extended up for ten rows or so on all four sides of the big , open room . 
 in the center was a platform , and on the platform was an iron cage with an open door . 
 it was about the size of a boxing ring , and there were bright , white-hot lights pointed down into it from all angles to turn it into a blank white canvas . 
 vassily walked out into the middle of it , fangs flashing as he smiled and waved at the crowd . 
 the stands were about half full , claire realized ; maybe they had n't been able to get the word out quickly enough . 
 did n't matter . 
 their real money came from the internet betting and memberships . 
 vassily was wearing just about the exact same outfit as myrnin , only on him it looked cheap and stupid . 
 he had a wireless microphone , and now he raised it to his mouth and said , `` welcome , friends , to immortal battles , where those with eternal lives gamble to lose them , and those with merely human strength learn what it is to be heroes ! '' 
 he got some yells and applause . 
 next to her , myrnin was standing very still , watching . 
 claire realized he was gripping her arm , holding her still . 
 she did n't know why until vassily said , `` and now , meet our mortal hero of the night : shane ` the hammer ' collins , winner of two previous bouts , survivor , and hunter ! 
 give him a warm , immortal welcome ! '' 
 the crowd cheered . 
 claire stood there feeling fragile and hot , like she 'd been turned to ashes that might be blown away at any second , and watched as shane , her shane , walked into the steel cage , arms held high . 
 he was smiling , but his eyes were dead and haunted by the ghost of the man he 'd been . 
 claire wanted to fall down . 
 myrnin 's hand was crushingly tight around her arm , but she did n't feel like doing anything stupid ; she was n't sure she could move on her own . 
 it felt like a nightmare . 
 and then , of course , it got worse . 
 `` and the challenger , '' vassily shouted . 
 `` vampire novice , musician , aspiring champion , michael glass ! 
 this is a grudge match , ladies and gentlemen , years in the making ! 
 now watch as -- '' vassily had miscalculated , claire saw ; he 'd thought he could keep on vamping -lrb- pun intended -rrb- to drive up the betting , but shane had other ideas . 
 he did a long circle of the cage , and then , with unnatural quickness , he turned around and slammed into vassily , who was still talking into his microphone . 
 vassily dropped the mike , but shane had him by the collar of his fancy coat and threw him in a rolling , flapping heap on the floor . 
 before vassily could get up , shane was on him . 
 michael pulled him off and held his arms behind him . 
 `` stop , '' he said . 
 claire could hear him , but she was n't sure the crowd could ; they were all stomping and yelling , setting up a metal-crashing racket that drowned out most things . 
 michael was n't playing to the crowd . 
 he was talking urgently to shane . 
 `` bro , stop this . 
 this is n't you . '' 
 shane did stop . 
 he went still in michael 's hold and his eyes closed . 
 but when michael let go , thinking he 'd gotten through , claire saw the smile twist shane 's lips , and tried to yell a warning . 
 she heard shane clearly when he said , `` you 're wrong about that.bro . '' 
 shane i 'd been wanting to take a bite out of vassily for a while , and hearing him go on and on aboutmichael , well , that was it . 
 michael frickin ' glass . 
 mr. perfect . 
 he was n't just any vampire , now , was he ? 
 no , he came from a long line of human renfields , all bending over for the vamps . 
 hell , sam had even ... . 
 no.something in me shut down when i tried to free-associate michael 's granddad sam into that mental rant ; sam , i knew , did n't deserve it . 
 i 'd liked sam . 
 hell , everybody had loved sam . 
 like everybody loved michael . 
 mr. perfect . 
 i jumped vassily , and that felt good . 
 it felt good to think with my body instead of the confusing tangle of hate and guilt and fear that was inside of me -- to just be something , do something , without the higher brain getting in the way . 
 i kicked him , but with the hardest angle of my foot . 
 you do n't kick with the toes , not with bare feet ; you use the side or the heel . 
 i chose the heel , and put some momentum behind it , and felt vassily 's ribs creak when the blow landed . 
 nice . 
 then michael was pulling me off , and , dammit , he had me from behind . 
 he had leverage and strength . 
 vassily got up and retrieved his microphone and scrambled out of the cage , slamming it shut behind him . 
 michael said urgently , `` stop . 
 bro , stop this . 
 this is n't you . '' 
 i closed my eyes and let my tense muscles go loose in his hold . 
 only an idiot would fall for that , but michael liked to believe he could do anything . 
 and he did n't think i was very smart , anyway . 
 when i felt him release me , i was smiling so much it hurt . 
 `` you 're wrong about that.bro . '' 
 he probably had warning , hearing that , but i did n't dive forward to get away from him . 
 oh no . 
 i launched myself backward , pile-driving into him , and slammed us both down on the springy , booming canvas floor . 
 the crowd was screaming ; it sounded like thunder in my ears . 
 the lights pounded down on my skin , and i could feel glory in my head like a searchlight . 
 she wanted me to win . 
 win at all costs . 
 i twisted around . 
 michael was pinned under me and he was fighting to get up . 
 this time i had the weight and leverage , and as long as i stopped him from getting organized , i could hurt him . 
 i wanted to hurt him . 
 `` shane ! '' 
 he was yelling . 
 i saw him but i did n't see him , not clearly ; he was a shape , a voice , an opponent , and who he was did n't matter . 
 he was n't a person ; he was a thing , and i hit him full force in the face . 
 again and again . 
 every time , pain jolted up my arm and nausea followed with it , like i was drunk and tipping over into the throwing-up stage , but then it would recede and i 'd hit him again . 
 i hit him with special force , and i felt a bone snap in my hand . 
 one of the little ones -- no big deal -- but the high , bright snap felt like a flash of red strobe light going through me , and for a second or two after , my head was crystal clear . 
 and i saw a girl yanking on the cage door , trying to get it open . 
 a tall girl in a ratty , torn raincoat and a stupid , giant hat that fell off as she fought with the door 's padlock , revealing shiny , close-bobbed black hair and a face as pale as any vamp 's . 
 `` god , shane , stop ! 
 `` eve was screaming , and pounding on the bars hard enough to make them ring . 
 `` stop it ! 
 what are you doing ? '' 
 it was shocking , like seeing alyssa standing there , and for a second i thought i did see lyss , the way i 'd last seen her , looking so pretty and smart and ready for anything , ready to die , and i could n't save her because i was aloserand i 'd been weak , so weak . 
 i should have opened the dooreven though it was hot , so hot , and i 'd been passing out from the smoke . 
 i looked down . 
 i 'd done some damage to michael 's face , but it was healing . 
 there was blood on the canvas and on my hands and dripping down his cheeks . 
 any human dude would have been ready for the hospital . 
 i realized that he was n't fighting back . 
 easy money . 
 i pulled back my fist for another punch , and he did n't flinch . 
 he did n't look away , either . 
 he just said , `` it 's not your fault , man . 
 i do n't blame you . '' 
 for some reason , that was the first thing he 'd said that i reallyheard.it was almost like i was hearing my father 's voice again , saying something that i 'd needed to hear every day since lyss disappeared from our lives . 
 that it was n't my fault . 
 that i could n't have stopped it . 
 the truth was , the fire had n't been my fault . 
 nobody could have gotten to my sister to save her . 
 but this -- thiswas my fault . 
 i sat back , staring down at him . 
 his blue eyes were bloodshot , flickering with red , but he was n't going vamp on me even though i 'd hurt him badly . 
 he was just going to take it . 
 `` it 's glory , '' he said . 
 `` you know that , right ? 
 not your fault . '' 
 glory . 
 i looked around but i did n't see her . 
 it was just a sea of faces now , screaming faces that did n't care about me or michael or anything but their own entertainment . 
 except for eve , looking so stricken and horrified on the other side of the bars.shecared . 
 too much , probably . 
 `` bishop 's here , '' michael said . 
 `` they 're going to put him in here with you once i wear you down . 
 i ca n't let that happen . 
 i have to stay in here with you . 
 it 's going to take us both to get him . 
 you understand ? 
 we have to stand up together , shane . '' 
 i did . 
 i 'd been right before ; this was some kind of nightmare , some weird spell that was going to snap any moment now , and things would be okay , all okay . 
 none of this was ... real ... then i saw claire . 
 she was standing outside the cage by the bleachers , and myrnin was holding her arm like he was trying to keep her from going full-out eve and running for the cage , but i did n't think she was trying . 
 like me , she was paralyzed , trapped in her nightmare , and those dark eyes were looking at me , seeingme , and i saw myself , too . 
 sweating , bruised , feral , angry , cruel . 
 it made me sick . 
 i rolled away from michael and curled into a ball , facing claire , staring back . 
 maybe it was the pain from my hand still tearing through me ; maybe it was , finally , my own brain waking up and screaming . 
 maybe it was seeing that horrified look on her face . 
 i did n't even care that she was with myrnin ; i was gladshe had someone to protect her here . 
 and i knew he would . 
 he 'd better . 
 him , i would kill if he let anything happen to her , and he knew it . 
 i saw her lips shape my name.shane.i could n't hear her , but i knew how it would sound , how heartbroken and disappointed and scared . 
 i 'd let all this get away from me . 
 i 'd hurt her and she 'd hurt me , and we had to fix it . 
 we had to . 
 because i could n't let this destroy the people i loved . 
 that included michael , the jackass . 
 i flopped over on my back , breathing fast , and saw him sitting up . 
 too-pale-to-be-normal blood ran down his chin and dripped on his bare chest . 
 without a shirt he looked buff but very , very pale , almost ghostly . 
 still michael , though . 
 still my friend . 
 always my friend , even when i was the biggest dick on the planet . 
 he was looking at me with a frown , checking out whether i was still in that other , scary place , and i nodded to him and wiped sweat off my face . 
 i felt cold now , not burning hot like i 'd been . 
 when i flexed my hand , the pain from the broken bone sliced through me like a clean red knife , driving away all the lingering ghosts of anger . 
 `` you did n't fight , '' i said . 
 `` jesus , man , i could have killed you . '' 
 `` do n't think you could have , not for a long time , '' he said . 
 `` anyway , you did n't . '' 
 he looked around and saw eve . 
 his smile was real and full of delight , but there was something else mixed up in there , too . 
 something almost scared . 
 `` i 'm okay , eve . 
 no permanent damage . '' 
 she was clinging to the bars like she intended to force her way inside with sheer fury . 
 `` shane , if you hurt him , i ` llkillyou ! '' 
 i waved at her wearily . 
 `` yeah , thanks . 
 i 'm the one with a broken bone . '' 
 i exchanged a quick look with michael , who was making plans . 
 `` get away from the door , '' he said . 
 `` why ? '' 
 michael stood up . 
 `` because i 'm kicking it open . '' 
 it took seven sustained , vampire-strength kicks to snap the lock and send the thing flying back ; eve moved off , but not far . 
 i was watching the outside , the crowd . 
 vassily had , no surprise , disappeared . 
 he 'd never intended to be around for long , just long enough to grab the betting receipts and catch his ride . 
 but i was n't worried about him . 
 he was a greedy ass hat ; no big deal . 
 i was worried about gloriana , because i could still feel that subtle gray tension inside me that meant she was around . 
 not focused on me , not right now , but definitely ... . 
 i saw her a second before she grabbed eve by the throat and yanked her backward , holding her tight like a gothic human shield . 
 eve 's weird hat got crushed in the chaos -- and now it was chaos , because the people in the stands were figuring out that things were n't going according to the standard fight-club plan , and they wanted out . 
 only there was n't any way out of here . 
 the doors were locked . 
 most of the vamps had already bolted , leaving myrnin and michael and gloriana behind . 
 glory 's blue eyes met mine over eve 's shoulder , and i froze in the act of getting up . 
 my mind clicked over and blanked into a perfect , smooth whiteness , and i felt that fury boiling up again , hot and crazy and perfect.she knew me . 
 she knew just where to push , and what would cause me the most pain . 
 i did n't even have to think about it consciously anymore for it to hurt . 
 hurt.of course ... . 
 i slammed my right fist down into the floor and sent another jolt of agony through my body . 
 the fury shattered and melted away , and i gave gloriana a smile . 
 a nice , big one . 
 `` guess not , '' i said . 
 `` you wanted to make me kill michael , did n't you ? 
 kind of an if-i-can ` t-have-him-nobody-can stalker thing , right ? 
 i 'm just your weapon . 
 man , girl , get therapy . '' 
 she smirked at me . 
 `` that 's all you 're good for , collins -- being a weapon , '' she said . 
 `` that 's all you 'll ever be good for . 
 taking out enemies . '' 
 `` good enough for me , '' i said . 
 `` but you just made the top slot on my enemies list . 
 too bad for you . 
 do n't you think ? '' 
 she squeezed . 
 eve 's eyes got huge and she gave me a pleading look , then cut it toward michael , who was coming down the stairs out of the cage , heading for her and glory . 
 i felt glory 's power , her glamour , slam into him like a freight train , and he slowed down ... and stopped . 
 he reached out for eve , moving like he was underwater ... and gloriana laughed a little , one of those sweet , innocent little laughs that had seemed so pretty before , and said , `` i hate it when you look at her that way , you know . 
 such a waste . 
 she does n't deserve you , michael . '' 
 and i knew right then that she was going to kill eve in front of him . 
 and there was no way michael would be able to stop her . 
 he did n't have to . 
 eve was fumbling at the pocket on the side of her uber-goth dress , and i saw a flash of silver a second before she plunged it under her arm , across her own body , and into gloriana 's chest . 
 `` damn , '' i said . 
 because she must have gotten it right , first try -- no easy thing , even when you 're facing a vampire and able to see your target . 
 gloriana went down , dragging eve with her . 
 her mouth was open in a silent scream , and her eyes were bright and red and running over with fury . 
 she was still trying to close her hand and crush eve 's windpipe . 
 michael lunged forward and slammed the silver stake down harder into glory 's chest , all the way in , for all i know , all the way into the cement floor beneath her . 
 then he dragged eve away and put his arms around her and held on like the world might be coming apart , but the two of them never would . 
 it was kind of beautiful . 
 and i watched gloriana -- the prettiest vampire i 'd ever seen , and the most dangerous -- go still and quiet as the silver began to burn and discolor her body , killing her from the inside out . 
 she was all done . 
 i let just a little bit of the rage back out . 
 just a little , and felt it evaporate into a warm , scary satisfaction . 
 and god , it felt good . 
 `` shane ? '' 
 claire had n't seen what had happened for the past few seconds -- too many running , screaming people , and she 'd lost sight of eve . 
 when the chaos thinned a little she saw eve sitting on michael 's lap on the concrete . 
 and gloriana lying next to them , staked half into the floor . 
 silver , claire realized . 
 she was well on her way to totally deceased . 
 and claire decided she could n't care too much about that . 
 what she did care about was that michael and eve were okay , and that shane was still standing inside the cage , staring out at glory 's dying body . 
 he looked ... blank , except for his eyes . 
 they were full of something hot and wild and strange , and then ... peaceful . 
 myrnin was still hanging on to her . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 she said , and shook her arm to try to throw him off . 
 `` let go already ! 
 i 'm fine ! '' 
 he was frowning and trying to look everywhere at once . 
 `` i think we should leave , '' he said . 
 `` i can easily break a hole in the bricks over there . 
 yes , we should go now . 
 see , your boy is fine . 
 everything 's fine . 
 except glory , obviously -- that 's definitelynot fine -- but honestly , do any of us care ? 
 i certainly do n't . '' 
 `` letgo ! '' 
 `` no , '' myrnin said . 
 `` you 're my responsibility . 
 and this is dangerous . 
 i do n't know where bishop is , and until we find him , i do n't want you on your own . '' 
 claire threw down the black bag she was holding , reached in , and came out with a thin , silver-plated knife . 
 `` you know what 's dangerous ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` me . 
 if you do n'tlet go . '' 
 he sighed , rolled his eyes , and released her . 
 she snatched up the bag and ran for the cage , bouncing off panicking strangers and a few people she actually knew who 'd come to bet on her boyfrienddying in a cage -- god , she wanted to hit them -- and then made it to the steps that led up to the big , square cage . 
 the fight cage . 
 with shane . 
 shane looked over as she pounded up the risers and flew like a bird into his arms . 
 it felt like the best thing she 'd ever done , putting her arms around him , feeling his warm , damp skin pressed against her . 
 he let out a long , wordless breath and collapsed against her , hugging her like the world was ending , like he never wanted to let her go again . 
 `` i 'm a fool , '' he said . 
 `` and an asshole . 
 you ought to run as far away from me as you can . 
 i am so sorry . '' 
 `` if i run , you run with me , '' she said . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 he held up his right hand . 
 it looked red and a little swollen . 
 `` broken bone , '' he said . 
 `` nothing i ca n't handle . '' 
 she took his hand in both of hers , cradling it , and put it gent ly to her cheek . 
 he was staring at her with a hungry expression , one that seemed to her to be more about hope than anything else . 
 `` just like that , '' he said . 
 `` just like that , you 're going to let it go . 
 all the things i did . 
 what i said . 
 god , claire ... '' `` uh , no , idiot , '' claire said . 
 `` you 're going to have to work for forgiveness . 
 but this ... this you get for free . 
 because i love you . '' 
 he smiled a little and then he kissed her , and for a few long , sweet , breathless seconds , it was all okay again . 
 and then claire heard the sirens . 
 `` the hell ? '' 
 shane said , because it was n't justa siren . 
 it was a chorus of them , wailing over each other in waves . 
 every siren in town , it sounded like , all heading toward them . 
 claire felt a sick surge of understanding , which became even more clear when myrnin came up the stairs to join them inside the cage , took her by the upper arm , and said , `` andnow we are going . 
 no arguments . 
 amelie and oliver are coming , and they 're bringing as much overwhelming force as is available to them . 
 if you want to maintain your body , soul , and freedom , stop dwithering andcome . 
 no one in this room will be safe once they arrive . 
 they 're very much in a shoot-first , ask-questions-never mood . '' 
 `` dwithering ? '' 
 claire repeated blankly . 
 `` what is -- ? '' 
 `` must we argue word choice ? 
 now ? '' 
 `` nope , '' shane said . 
 `` we 're with you . 
 and we 're going . '' 
 and they would have been , except that as myrnin turned and headed for the open iron gate , someone else came up the steps and blocked the opening . 
 bishop . 
 impossibly , he looked evenyounger than he had on the video , like he was aging in reverse . 
 there was fresh blood on his mouth and smeared on the collar of his shirt . 
 his eyes were ancient and vicious and pretty much crazy , claire thought , as he smiled with his fangs out and said , `` let them come . 
 my daughter thought she could starve me , wall me up , make an example of me . 
 i 'll make such an example of this roomful of people -- no , this entiretown -- that no one will ever say its name again without shuddering . 
 the nightmare is coming now . 
 wake up and enjoy it . '' 
 myrnin stared at bishop in outright horror and backed up fast . 
 he let go of claire . 
 in fact , he put her and shane in the way . 
 `` what 's the matter , my old friend ? '' 
 bishop asked . 
 he calmly reached back , grabbed the door , and slammed it closed behind him with a rattle and boom of metal . 
 then he bent the frame so that it would n't open -- more effective than a lock . 
 `` no clever plans ? 
 no silly games ? 
 because you know i have n't forgotten what you did when you betrayed me . 
 you know i 'll take you apart one piece at a time ... fingers and toes first , then working my way in . 
 and your little humans here , they 're only a moment 's work . 
 by the time amelie and her court reach us , i 'll be drinking their blood out of your skull . '' 
 `` you could still run , '' claire said . 
 she could n't believe she had enough strength to talk , but she did . 
 she was scared , but notthat scared . 
 somehow , after everything she 'd seen , bishop was n't the worst anymore . 
 `` you could break out of a wall and disappear in the confusion . 
 you know if amelie catches you , she 'll kill you . '' 
 `` indeed , i think oliver 's quite convinced her that making an example of me is bad strategy , '' bishop said . 
 he paced side to side , but every turn closed the distance between them . 
 `` i expect she 'll execute me instantly . 
 or try . 
 but i 'm better at this than they are , either of them or all of them . 
 i am the best killer who ever lived . '' 
 `` yeah , you do n't seem too worried , '' shane said . 
 `` i had a great deal of time to consider my place in this world , while she had me sealed up in that tiny , airless hell . 
 nothing to eat . 
 nothing to hear or feel or touch . 
 just endless , dark eternity . 
 do you know what i decided ? '' 
 shane shook his head . 
 claire realized she was still holding the small , silver-coated knife , and now she nudged the black bag closer to shane , who glanced down at it . 
 `` i realized that if i can survive that , survive being starved down to bones , i can survive amelie 's worst , '' bishop said . 
 `` i do n't need vassily and gloriana . 
 i thought i needed an army to take this town , and they were making me one -- humans like you , shane , who 'd take out vampires without flinching . 
 but i do n't need them . 
 or you . 
 any of you . '' 
 his eyes flared blood red . 
 `` except as fuel . '' 
 shane crouched down and reached inside the bag , pulling out a crossbow , but it was n't set . 
 it would take seconds to cock and load , and bishop was n't going to give it to them . 
 bishop smashed the crossbow into splinters with one blow , and threw shane headfirst into the bars . 
 claire screamed , because it should have killed him ... and probably would have , if he had n't been dosed up with that drugged sports drink vassily had given the fighters . 
 instead , it only stunned him . 
 shane collapsed to the floor , moaning , and tried to get up . 
 bishop kicked him twice : once in the stomach , once in the head . 
 claire did n't think . 
 she threw herself at him , and when his strong , pale hands reached for her to rip her open , she slashed with the silver knife she held . 
 she did n't know what she cut off , but bishop howled and backed away from her . 
 then he came for her . 
 shane could n't get up , but hecould roll , and he did , right in front of bishop 's feet as he moved . 
 bishop fell , twisted , and grabbed shane 's head in his mangled hands . 
 claire tried to stop him , but could n't get close enough . 
 she slashed with the knife and delayed him from snapping shane 's neck , but it was useless ; she could n't get to him , not without getting killed , too . 
 that was what bishop wanted . 
 to kill one of them while the other watched . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 eve shouted , just on the other side of the bars . 
 she had something in her hand , something long and thin and sharp . 
 `` heads up , cb ! '' 
 it came flying at her , and claire grabbed it . 
 it was a sword . 
 one of those things eve had used against oliver . 
 she 'd gotten a touch on him with it . 
 this one had a point , not a button , and the edges were sharp on all three sides of the triangular blade . 
 claire grabbed the handle and threw herself into a lunge . 
 it probably was n't a good lunge , probably was n't steady , but it wasfast . 
 and she stuck the point straight into bishop 's throat . 
 he let go of shane and clawed at the sword . 
 claire dropped it and grabbed shane 's ankle , and dragged him back to the other side of the cage . 
 she raced forward , but bishop got the blade before she did . 
 shane tried to get up , but failed . 
 claire was the only one still standing up . 
 myrnin.what the hell was he doing ? 
 he was down on the floor , rummaging around in his bag , ignoring her , ignoring their mortal danger.stupid , cowardly idiot ... . 
 claire could n't even look at him -- she did n't have time , because bishop swished the blade through the air with a noise like tearing silk , and he gave claire a long , slow smile . 
 `` this will take approximately ten seconds , '' he said . 
 `` i 'd like to make it last , but , alas , my daughter awaits . 
 i have a whole town to destroy . 
 i ca n't take as much time with you as i 'd prefer . '' 
 he took a step toward her . 
 `` claire , '' myrnin said from behind her . 
 he sounded preoccupied and actually quite calm . 
 `` please fall down now , if you do n't mind . '' 
 she had absolutely no reason to trust him , but she did . 
 she just ... did . 
 she hit the canvas and looked up . 
 myrnin stood over both her and shane , straight and tall , and there was a wild-looking shotgun kind of thing in his hands , and his nike bag lay on its side at his feet . 
 he was pointing the gun directly at bishop . 
 `` now , '' he said , `` you appear to have brought the wrong weapon , bishop . 
 surrender ? '' 
 bishop buried the sword in myrnin 's chest in a move so incredibly fast , claire did n't even see it happen . 
 myrnin did n't flinch . 
 he pulled both triggers . 
 the heavyboom rattled the bars of the cage around them , and for a second claire thought that something had gone wrong , very wrong , because the air was thick with smoke and glitter and bishop was still there . 
 he fell , clawed fingers tearing long furrows in the canvas only an inch or so from shane 's face . 
 he was burning , burning fast , all over . 
 it looked like he 'd been hit with napalm , and he screamed and rolled and kept on burning while myrnin calmly reached down , pulled the sword out of his chest , and reloaded the shotgun . 
 `` that hurt , '' he said . 
 `` but not , i imagine , as much as this will . '' 
 he aimed and then stopped himself . 
 he looked at claire . 
 `` perhaps it would be best if you took your boyfriend outside for this . '' 
 claire swallowed . 
 `` it 's locked . '' 
 myrnin walked over and slammed his booted foot into the cage door . 
 the hinges bent and cracked . 
 his second kick sent it flying off the hinges to crash down five feet away , with a sound like tin cans dropping off a roof . 
 `` out , '' he said , and stepped aside as claire grabbed shane and the two of them jumped over bishop 's convulsing body . 
 outside , claire turned to look . 
 myrnin went back to bishop and aimed at the center of the downed vampire 's chest . 
 bishop bared his bloody teeth . 
 he was disintegrating , pieces of him melting off in a horrible mess . 
 the pain must have been extreme . 
 `` you do n't have the courage , '' he spat , and then coughed up rivers of too-pale blood . 
 `` you never have , shadow hugger . 
 get the little girl to do your work for you . 
 she 's braver than you ever were . '' 
 myrnin raised his eyebrows and stared down at him , then flipped the shotgun up and rested it against his shoulder . 
 `` oh , i think that 's probably true , '' he said . 
 `` and i think i 'd like to tell amelie you went slowly and in pain . 
 die on your own , you evil old animal . '' 
 it took a long , agonizing minute . 
 bishop never screamed . 
 he left behind a skeleton that slowly collapsed into ash in the middle of the cage . 
 myrnin sagged and leaned against the bars , head down . 
 claire came back up the steps and reached through to touch his shoulder . 
 `` why did n't you ? '' 
 she asked . 
 for answer , myrnin aimed the gun at bishop 's disintegrating bones and fired both barrels . 
 nothing happened . 
 just a dry , empty click . 
 `` i realized that i never loaded the pellets into the cartridges , '' he said . 
 `` those should have been round , silver buckshot . '' 
 `` but you knew thatfirst thing would work . '' 
 `` actually , '' myrnin said in a low , confidential voice , `` i thought i 'd forgotten to load those shells , too . 
 see how it all worked out ? '' 
 there was a massive banging on the outer doors , sending the people running around into a freak-out panic . 
 myrnin sighed , pushed away from the bars , and followed claire down the stairs . 
 she grabbed hold of shane 's unbroken hand and held tight , and the three of them found eve and michael , still sitting next to glory 's badly burned body . 
 only her golden hair was left , and even that was flecked with ash and slowly crisping . 
 `` follow me , '' myrnin said . 
 `` and do stay together . 
 and by the way , this is thelast time i go anywhere with you people . 
 you are all insane . '' 
 he picked up an iron bar and slammed it into the wall about half a dozen times in the space of seconds , and the bricks flew out in a haze of dust and splinters . 
 claire and shane stepped through the hole together , and froze as guns turned toward them . 
 a whole lot of cops were yelling for them to freeze , and they did , putting up their hands and leaning up against the wall to be searched and handcuffed . 
 claire looked back . 
 amelie and oliver were in the next row , behind the cops , along with ranks and ranks of vampires . 
 amelie was staring straight ahead with a blank , empty expression ; oliver , on the other hand , wassmiling . 
 he was giving orders , sending one set of vamps that way , one up top , one around the side ... the general deploying his troops , while the queen waited in icy isolation for victory . 
 myrnin stepped out of the hole in the wall , glared balefully at the police , and waved to amelie with demented excitement . 
 `` hello ! 
 your dear father is unfortunately very dead , '' he called . 
 `` and you said my dispersal system would never work ! '' 
 amelie blinked and focused on him . 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 she called . 
 `` dead , '' he said , clearly and distinctly . 
 `` your esteemed forebear is no more . 
 he is dust and angel tears , though i should n't think any of us will be mourning him for long . 
 you may see for yourself , but i will swear to you that it is , indeed , your unlamented mr. bishop . 
 now could you please ask these idiots to stop pointing their bullets at me ? 
 it 's terribly wasteful . '' 
 claire tried to keep from laughing , but it turned into a choking cough , and then shane started laughing , too , and suddenly it was all right . 
 amelie swept past them , making for the hole they 'd come out of ; oliver hurried to dart in front of her , holding what looked like an actual old-fashionedbroadsword . 
 claire supposed that in the world of vampire wars , a sword could be pretty useful , especially with a silver edge . 
 beheading always worked . 
 michael and eve came out after a few more seconds , and eve looked around and saw shane and claire in their almost-arrested poses . 
 she snorted . 
 `` leave it to you two , '' she said . 
 `` what is it with you and cages , shane ? '' 
 it must have occurred to eve a second later that maybe that might not have been cool to say at the moment . 
 but shane just shrugged . 
 `` if amelie wants to throw me back in jail , it 's okay . 
 i did sign on for the fighting . 
 i did beat a couple of vamps pretty bad . 
 and i could have hurt michael . '' 
 michael leaned against the wall next to him , arms folded . 
 he was wearing the stupid hat -- now at least fifty percent stupider , thanks to being crushed by running feet -- and the ratty trench coat , but under the shade , his smile was full-on smug . 
 `` sorry . 
 what did you say ? 
 you could havehurt me ? '' 
 `` dude , i was kicking your ass . '' 
 it occurred to shane , claire guessed , that maybe he should n't have been quite so proud of it . 
 `` which is why i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` i was n't even trying , shane . '' 
 `` yeah , i know . 
 but ... '' shane fell silent . 
 now michael stopped smiling and looked at him for a long few seconds . 
 he nodded and stepped away . 
 `` we 'll talk about it later , '' he said . 
 `` and , yeah , youwill be sorry . 
 you know that . '' 
 `` oh , i know , '' shane said . 
 `` you have no idea how sorry i already am . '' 
 but claire did . 
 she saw the look in his eyes and the shine of tears . 
 and the shame . 
 she hugged him and whispered , `` we 'll get through this . 
 we will . '' 
 sixteen in the end , the score was seventeen vampires captured ; vassily was one of them , which surprised claire , until she heard that frank had locked down his funds transfers , and vassily had spent way too much time trying to get his money . 
 he 'd always been about the profits . 
 by the time he 'd finally given up , it had been too late for him to avoid the roadblocks set up at the exits out of morganville . 
 he ended up on his knees in front of amelie , while oliver stood there with the sword in his hands . 
 vassily begged and generally excused himself , but amelie was n't amused . 
 at all . 
 claire got to leave before any actual beheadings started . 
 later , she heard that of the seventeen , four were judged most guilty , including vassily . 
 nobody said what had been done to them , but really , nobody had to . 
 she just assumed . 
 shane got a special hearing in front of amelie and oliver in closed session , with mayor richard morrell as an official council member . 
 claire was n't allowed in . 
 neither was myrnin , not that myrnin would have bothered to show up , anyway . 
 claire sat in the waiting room with eve and michael and amelie 's assistant , bizzie o'meara , waiting for some word . 
 the doors finally opened , and amelie and oliver came out and walked straight past them , ignoring the waiting trio . 
 richard followed , looking like he had a headache and the town had just run out of aspirin , but he did n't look angry or upset . 
 that was good . 
 shane followed him . 
 he was n't in handcuffs , at least , and when he spotted claire , he said , `` do n't look so worried . 
 i 'm on probation . '' 
 `` what kind of probation ? '' 
 she held out her hand , and he took it with his left ; his right was still bandaged tightly , and it must have hurt , because he did n't move it much . 
 `` the kind where you do n't do anything stupid or bad things happen , '' shane said . 
 `` everybody agrees that glory screwed with my head . 
 not everybody agrees that it 's all better now . 
 so i have to prove that i 'm not going to go pick fights with vampires anymore . '' 
 `` jeez , shane . 
 you 've done that since you were twelve , '' eve said . 
 `` that 's going to be a tough habit to break . '' 
 `` you know what i mean . '' 
 shane 's dark eyes met claire 's for a second . 
 `` they 're right about it . 
 i still feel ... you know , angry . 
 uncomfortable . 
 i guess it 'll take some time . '' 
 michael stood up . 
 `` you 're okay with me ? '' 
 `` as okay as i ever am . 
 i wish you were n't ... what you are . 
 but you 're always my bro . '' 
 he took a deep , unsteady breath . 
 `` gloriana could n't have made me do what i did , you know . 
 not without it being part of me , all twisted up with who i am , how i was raised , what my dad was like . 
 i 've always hated vampires . 
 blamed them . 
 it 's hard for me to look at you and not think about all that . 
 i 'm trying . 
 that 's all i can do . '' 
 michael held out his hand , his left , and shane took it , then hugged him . 
 `` that 's all you can do , '' michael agreed . 
 `` you 're my brother . '' 
 `` some brother . '' 
 `` brothers fight . '' 
 michael shrugged and let go . 
 `` just remember , i could have taken you if i 'd wanted to . '' 
 `` dream on , fang boy . 
 dream on . '' 
 while they were talking -- if taunting was a conversation -- claire spotted amelie loitering in the hallway , speaking with oliver in low tones . 
 she headed that way . 
 `` ma'am ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` could i ask you something ? '' 
 `` i trust it 's not a favor . 
 i am not feeling very generous just now . '' 
 amelie looked tired and peeved and -- like richard -- in need of a very big aspirin . 
 `` well ? 
 declare it . '' 
 `` i. . . 
 got a call from a recruiter . 
 at mit . '' 
 `` mit , '' amelie repeated . 
 `` what is this mit ? '' 
 `` massachusetts institute of technology . 
 it 's ... the fantastic school i wanted to attend . 
 they 've accepted me . 
 it 's very important , and they ... said they 'd take me . '' 
 amelie 's eyebrows rose ever so slightly . 
 `` when ? '' 
 `` at the beginning of next year . '' 
 silence . 
 claire held her tongue , waiting ; amelie was thinking , but she was also testing her . 
 wanting her to babble nervously . 
 well , she was n't going to . 
 she was n't going to show any weakness . 
 instead , she mimicked amelie 's stillness , her direct stare . 
 amelie smiled . 
 it happened slowly , almost imperceptibly , but it definitely happened . 
 she nodded slightly and said , `` and the question is , doyou want to go to this mit ? '' 
 `` it 's what i 've wanted my whole life , '' claire said . 
 `` it 's always been my dream . '' 
 amelie did n't fail to notice the past tense in her verbs . 
 `` wanted , '' she repeated . 
 `` been . '' 
 `` ishould go . 
 it 's a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity . 
 and if i do n't go now , they wo n't take me ; they 've got way too many people , good people , trying to get in . '' 
 `` so , '' amelie said . 
 `` what do you think you should do ? '' 
 `` ask you for permission to leave morganville , '' claire said . 
 `` permanently , maybe . '' 
 amelie considered that for a few seconds . 
 `` and do you believe that you , of all people , need my permission to leave ? 
 you know morganville 's secrets . 
 you can leave more easily than anyone , except possibly myrnin . 
 i 'm quite sure you 've identified many ways to slip away undetected . '' 
 she had , of course , and amelie knew it ; claire did n't confirm or deny any of that . 
 she just waited . 
 funny , she thought.a year ago , i would have been shaking . 
 now she did n't feel afraid at all . 
 amelie could kill her if she wanted . 
 she 'd always had that power . 
 there was no point in fearing it . 
 claire suddenly remembered miranda facing gina , knowing she was going to get hit , but also knowing that sometimes a little pain and blood was better than the alternative . 
 `` i wo n't order you to do anything , claire , '' amelie said then . 
 `` it would be a useless exercise . 
 you will do as you wish , and i will do as i must . 
 let 's hope that our wishes do n't conflict too badly . 
 shall we ? '' 
 she walked away . 
 she did n't even ask the question . 
 what are you going to do ? 
 but claire already knew . 
 she turned back to her friends , and shane gravitated toward her without even consciously heading in her direction . 
 `` can we go home ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` seems like a decent plan , '' shane said . 
 `` i 'm on community service four nights a week . 
 but not tonight . 
 i guess she wanted to give me a break . '' 
 he held up his right hand . 
 `` already got one , though . '' 
 eve groaned and kicked him . 
 `` you areso lucky i 'm too tired to murder you right now . 
 i amnot putting up with your humor . '' 
 `` i am , '' claire said . 
 she smiled . 
 it felt like something had actually been lifted right off her shoulders . 
 she was going to go home and make a call that was going to change her life , maybe forever . 
 but not for the worse . 
 `` what are you smiling about ? '' 
 he asked her . 
 `` i 'm not going to mit , '' she said , and kissed him . 
 he was surprised , but he kissed her back sweetly , then warmly . 
 `` of course you are , '' he told her . 
 `` as soon as amelie lets you , you 're going . 
 you promised me you would . '' 
 she looked up at him and her euphoria faded a little . 
 shehad promised him that . 
 but now the moment was here , and she did n't want it . 
 her cell phone rang , shattering the moment , and claire gritted her teeth and looked at the caller id . 
 of course it was myrnin , at exactly the wrong time . 
 she hit the button and said , `` hello , myrnin . '' 
 shane took a step back and looked away . 
 so that had n't gone away , either , that feeling of jealousy . 
 of betrayal , even though she had n't betrayed him at all . 
 this was going to take time . 
 could she pick a worse time to run off to mit ? 
 no . 
 no , she could n't do it -- that was final . 
 myrnin sounded agitated . 
 not a real surprise . 
 `` they 've forgotten my delivery again , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm completely out of o positive . 
 stop in and get my cooler , please . '' 
 `` now ? 
 i 'm on my way -- '' `` now , or i wo n't answer for my unpleasant behavior later . '' 
 myrnin hung up on her without waiting for a reply . 
 not that there was anything she could say other thanyes , of course i 'll pick up your blood before you go eat someone . 
 `` side trip ? '' 
 shane asked . 
 `` i can go on my own . 
 you guys go home . '' 
 `` nope . 
 i 'm going with you , '' shane said , and hesitated . 
 `` i ought to apologize to him , too . 
 i mean , what i said -- '' `` you did n't say it to him . '' 
 `` kind of still need to tell him i 'm sorry . 
 he did save our lives . '' 
 she was n't happy with that ; myrnin did n't like shane dropping in , and then there was the frank problem . 
 but frank would have to be crazy to manifest himself with shane there . 
 right ? 
 so shane walked with her to the blood bank , picked up the cooler , and carried it all the way back to the alley and down the steps , into myrnin 's lab . 
 same old crazy place . 
 myrnin was standing stiffly in one place , hands behind him , just behind one of the lab tables . 
 he was wearing that white coat over his hawaiian shirt , looking like the world 's least reliable scientist ever . 
 `` hey , '' claire said . 
 `` we brought it . '' 
 myrnin did n't move and did n't speak . 
 she frowned . 
 `` are you feeling all right ? '' 
 he twitched slightly , blinked , and said , in a flat voice , `` hungry . 
 just leave it there . '' 
 `` here ? '' 
 shane asked , and when myrnin did n't reply , shrugged and dropped it . 
 `` okay . 
 there 's your fast-food delivery . 
 we 're going now . '' 
 `` i thought you wanted to apologize , '' claire whispered . 
 shane 's jaw looked tight and set , and he sent her a quick , unreadable look . 
 `` i did , '' he said . 
 `` but now i do n't . 
 it 's just about maxed me out , not punching him . 
 so let 's go , okay ? 
 i do n't want to feel like this . 
 not anymore . '' 
 `` wait , '' said a new voice . 
 female . 
 myrnin snapped his head around toward it , and claire blinked as she saw kim -- kim ? 
 -- step out of the shadows and walk toward them . 
 `` i knew you 'd come with her . 
 hi , shane . '' 
 shane blinked , clearly as confused as claire felt . 
 `` uh , hi ? '' 
 he looked at claire . 
 `` where did she come from ? '' 
 oh . 
 she had n't had a chance to explain -- kim , the escape , all that . 
 she 'd figured kim would have run for the borders of town , not comehere . 
 why would she ? 
 `` myrnin , what 's she doing here ? '' 
 claire asked . 
 she knew she sounded a little on edge , but it was very weird of him to have guests . 
 especially guests that amelie wanted to arrest . 
 `` she 's doing exactly as she pleases , '' myrnin said , and turned slightly so they could see the silver chains wrapped around his arms , from elbows down to wrists . 
 some of it was covered up by cloth , but not all . 
 where it touched his flesh , it was burning him . 
 `` i 'd very much prefer it if you 'd take these off . '' 
 `` how did she -- ? '' 
 `` she posed as my delivery person , '' he said . 
 `` i was focused on signing for the blood . 
 really not my fault , claire . '' 
 kim was still coming toward them -- no , toward shane . 
 her eyes were focused on him with weird fascination . 
 `` you do n't look so good , '' she said . 
 `` i heard bishop almost killed you . '' 
 `` one of us is still standing , '' shane said , and held out a hand to fend her off when she got too close . 
 `` hang on . 
 we are not hugging . '' 
 `` oh , we will , '' kim said . 
 `` you and me , shane . 
 it 's always been the two of us . 
 all we need to do is get rid of the interference . '' 
 shane 's eyes widened , and he looked from kim to claire . 
 `` no -- '' anarrow hissed across the room , a blur of wood and metal , and shane shoved claire out of the way . 
 the arrow plunged into his shoulder , and she felt the warm spatter of shane 's blood across her face . 
 he spun away from her and fell . 
 who wasshooting ? 
 claire tried to get to shelter , but another shot came her way , ricocheting off the wall , and brought her to a quick , skidding halt . 
 kim was smiling , and now it had turned bitter and cruel . 
 `` i do n't come without friends , '' she said . 
 `` boys ? '' 
 there had been two men in the jeep that had rescued her in the desert , claire realized , and now she saw them , dressed in camouflage , blending into the shadows . 
 both had crossbows . 
 `` friends , '' claire said . 
 `` you do n't have friends , kim . 
 you stab your friends in the back -- '' `` justshoot her , '' kim said . 
 one of the men aimed and fired again , but claire managed to duck . 
 the arrow tugged at her hair . 
 she hid behind one of the lab tables . 
 kim rolled her eyes . 
 `` wow , you guys are terrible . 
 you ca n't shoother ? '' 
 they had all pretty much forgotten about myrnin , but suddenly , there was a sound of metal snapping . 
 kim looked over at him , startled . 
 `` weak link , '' he said . 
 `` how appropriate . '' 
 he ignored kim and flashed across the lab in a zigzag pattern , then veered into one corner . 
 the camouflaged man there cried out , then went quiet . 
 the other one tried to shoot at myrnin , but it did n't go so well , either . 
 myrnin was heading for kim when she picked up a crossbow lying on a table nearby and shot him point-blank in the chest . 
 he staggered backward , muttered , `` notagain , '' and then went down , wood through his heart . 
 not enough to kill him . 
 just enough to immobilize him . 
 kim dropped the crossbow . 
 `` stop , '' shane said . 
 his voice sounded ragged and anguished , and as claire looked , she saw him getting to his feet . 
 `` juststop . 
 what are youdoing ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry you got hurt . 
 they were n't aiming for you , '' kim said . 
 `` i do n't want to kill you , shane . 
 i spent a lot of time thinking about this . 
 how to get it right . '' 
 kim sounded earnest and very crazy . 
 claire did n't know who she was more afraid for -- shane , wounded , with blood running down his fingers to pool around his feet , or the vampire lying completely still nearby . 
 `` youare crazy , '' shane said , and meant it . 
 `` if you 're expecting me to love you -- '' `` you do love me . '' 
 kim sounded utterly sure of it . 
 `` it 's just that she 's in the way . '' 
 `` trust me , that 's not it . '' 
 `` so you 're saying you do n't want me ? '' 
 `` pretty much . '' 
 kim pulled agun out of her pants pocket , and she aimed it right at shane . 
 he did n't flinch . 
 maybe he was just too tired . 
 `` how about now ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` do you want me now ? '' 
 shane sighed . 
 `` about as much as cancer . 
 so shoot me already . '' 
 she was going to -- claire could see it in her eyes -- but then frank collins flickered into view just a foot away from kim 's face . 
 she shrieked in terror . 
 even crazy people could do that when a ghost with the vicious face of shane 's father showed up in their moment of triumph . 
 `` not my son , '' frank said . 
 `` you 're not hurting my son . '' 
 shane 's eyes snapped open . 
 `` dad ? '' 
 he sounded dazed and disbelieving , but he could see it , too -- the flat , black-and-white image of his father , translucent and standing between shane and his would-be killer . 
 kim fired , but the shot went wild , missing shane by at least a foot . 
 claire gasped and ran as fast as she could through the maze of books , discarded clothing , and glass beakers . 
 she vaulted over a chair and landed next to an open cabinet where myrnin kept all kinds of things that were too dangerous to handle . 
 including a set of silver stakes that eve had made for claire , and that myrnin had confiscated and put in the cabinet for safekeeping . 
 claire grabbed one and threw it desperately , just as kim tried to aim again . 
 it did n't kill her , but it did hit her solidly in the head , snapping her skull sideways , and she staggered and went down to one knee . 
 frank collins turned to claire and yelled , `` handcuffs , second shelf ! 
 hurry up , dammit ! '' 
 she found them . 
 they were silver , but they 'd work just fine . 
 she got to kim just as the girl was climbing to her knees , and knocked her down to put the restraints on her . 
 kim yelled and kicked and cursed , but claire held her down . 
 she wanted to bang kim 's stupid head into the floor , but did n't dare , because she knew she would n't be able to stop . 
 she was shaking all over with rage . 
 she looked up and saw shane staring at them with an empty , horrified expression on his face . 
 she could n't think why for a second -- it could n't be myrnin ; he did n't care about that . 
 he was n't worried aboutkim , surely ... . 
 and then the adrenaline haze faded , and it hit claire with a sickening thud what hewas looking at . 
 his father . 
 frank collins . 
 the black-and-white ghost of a man he thought was safely , and even heroically , dead . 
 `` hello , son , '' frank said . 
 his voice sounded gentle but inhuman as it whispered out of the radio and phone speakers all over the lab . 
 `` sorry you have to learn about it like this . 
 i never meant it to be this way . 
 i never wanted you to know . '' 
 shane had an arrow in his shoulder , but it seemed like he 'd forgotten all about it , because this hurt so , so much worse . 
 he took a step forward , then another , then seemed to just ... collapse . 
 clairedid bang kim 's head into the floor then , just once , enough to make her stop struggling for a minute , and then she went to her boyfriend 's side . 
 frank collins stayed where he was , a safe distance away . 
 `` do n't take the bolt out , '' he said . 
 `` best to do that at the hospital . 
 could have nicked an artery . '' 
 `` you 're dead , '' shane said . 
 `` you ` redead . '' 
 `` i still am , '' frank agreed . 
 `` it 's just a picture , son . 
 i 'm not really here . '' 
 `` yes , you are . '' 
 shane 's throat worked as if he was trying to swallow a huge , unchewable chunk of shock and sorrow . 
 `` he did this . 
 myrnin brought you back . 
 for hismachine . '' 
 `` do n't blame myrnin . 
 it was either me or claire . 
 i 'd rather it was me . '' 
 shane shook his head . 
 he was n't looking at his dad anymore , or at claire , or at anything but the bloodstained fabric of his blue jeans . 
 his face was pale from shock , his eyes very wide . 
 `` shane ... i 'm calling the ambulance , '' she said . 
 `` you 're going to be okay . 
 it 's all -- '' `` it 's not , '' he said , and met her eyes . 
 she flinched . 
 `` you knew . 
 youknew . 
 and you did n't tell me . '' 
 `` i told her not to , '' frank said . 
 shane ignored him . 
 `` you knew , '' he said as if his heart was breaking . 
 he pitched over on his side and closed his eyes . 
 `` you knew , claire . '' 
 she felt breathless and terrified . 
 was he dying ? 
 no , the bleeding was n't that bad ; surely he 'd be okay ... surelythey 'd be okay ... . . 
 `` claire . '' 
 myrnin 's voice , just a bare whisper . 
 `` claire , help . 
 help . '' 
 she looked over . 
 his eyes were open , dark , and suffering ... just like shane 's . 
 it was the arrow . 
 it had n't hit him completely through the heart , but it was close enough that it was hurting him . 
 but that meant leaving shane . 
 `` go , '' frank said . 
 `` shane 's stable enough . 
 see to myrnin . '' 
 she did n't have a choice , but she knew that shane did n't see it that way . 
 she went to her vampire boss and took hold of the bolt and yanked it free in three awful tugs . 
 shane was curled up now , looking awful and beaten and defeated , and the second the bolt was free of myrnin 's chest , she left him and ran , ran back to shane . 
 she took him in her arms and said , `` i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm so sorry . 
 i 'll never leave you again . 
 they called me to go to mit , but i wo n't go now , not in january , not ever . 
 i wo n't . 
 i love you ... '' shane 's dark eyes opened and fixed on her , and she felt the whole world crumble into darkness underneath her . 
 `` youknew , '' he said , and then a spark of understanding flared in his expression . 
 `` january . 
 you were going in january . '' 
 `` no , i -- '' `` you did n't tell me that , either . '' 
 `` shane , i -- '' `` i ca n't do this . 
 just leave me alone . '' 
 claire scrambled backward , through frank 's flickering image , back until she was pressed against the cold , heavy bulk of one of the lab tables . 
 then she used her cell phone to call for help . 
 shane did n't say another word to her . 
 not another word to anyone . 
 not for days . 
 it had been almost a week , and claire still felt frozen , stuck in a horrible , empty place that was full of darkness and loneliness . 
 eve tried to cheer her up . 
 so did michael . 
 but it was the specter of shane , who never left his room except to get food or visit the bathroom , that haunted their house now . 
 shane , who hated her . 
 the doctors had given him good scores on his wound ; with a little time and rehab , he 'd be fine . 
 kim was going back to prison for good . 
 myrnin had recovered in less than two hours , drained half the cooler of blood , and looked suspiciously interested in the bloody floor where shane had been standing . 
 but claire did n't want to think about that . 
 she had n't talked to him , and he had n't pressed . 
 frank kept trying to talk to her on her phone , so she finally turned it off . 
 today was the first day she 'd switched it back on . 
 there were three messages from mit . 
 claire lay on her bed , staring at the ceiling , playing them one after another on the speaker.ms . 
 danvers , just calling you to see if you 've reached a decision ... ms. danvers , i urgently need to hear from you by the end of the weekend if we 're to hold your place for the next term ... ms. danvers , i 'm concerned that you have n't returned our calls ... . . 
 she started to dial the phone . 
 her fingers felt numb and thick , and she was n't sure she was n't going to burst into tears , but she dialed . 
 he answered on the second ring . 
 `` sir ? '' 
 she 'd been right ; the tears threatened immediately . 
 claire cleared her throat . 
 `` sir , this is claire danvers . 
 i 'm sorry it 's taken me so long to get back to you . '' 
 `` oh , excellent . 
 i 've been waiting to hear from you , '' mr. radamon said . 
 `` have you worked out all your arrangements ? 
 can we confirm you for the records ? 
 because i have to tell you , ms. danvers , it 's a little puzzling that it 's taken so long to hear from you . 
 we normally have no hesitation at all . '' 
 claire heard a sound at the door . 
 shane was standing there , looking at her . 
 he had on a ratty old t-shirt and sweatpants , and his shoulder was still bulky with bandages . 
 his hair looked like he 'd combed it with an eggbeater ... and still , she felt her heart skip and then race . 
 claire sat up slowly , phone at her ear . 
 `` about the january start , '' she said , and wet her lips . 
 `` i know you need my final decision . '' 
 she was staring right into shane 's dark eyes , waiting for a sign . 
 waiting forsomething . 
 he did n't give her anything at all . 
 but he wasthere . 
 for the first time , he wasthere . 
 claire drew in a sharp , hurting breath , and said , `` i 'm sorry , but i wo n't be available . 
 thank you for considering me . 
 if it 's possible to put my application in again next year , i will . '' 
 `` ms. danvers , i hope you realize that this is a very momentous decision , '' mr. radamon said . 
 `` mit would be very happy to have you as a student . '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 thank you . '' 
 she hesitated , and tried to put all her love into the stare she was holding with shane . 
 `` but i need to stay here for now . 
 i absolutely ca n't leave . 
 not now . '' 
 she hung up and dropped the phone on the bed . 
 shane said , very quietly , `` did you do that for me ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 and no . 
 because i ca n't leave when you 're hurting , but i also ca n't leave because there 's so much i can learn . '' 
 she took in a quick breath . 
 `` mit can teach me amazing things , but it 'll always be there , and science is n't a dying field . 
 myrnin knows things nobody else in the whole world can teach me , things that have been forgotten and need to be remembered . 
 i know you do n't like him , but learning from him is ... unique . '' 
 `` well , that 's a point . '' 
 he did n't have any expression yet , and his body language was guarded at best . 
 `` what else ? '' 
 `` i ca n't leave before eve and michael work out this marriage thing . '' 
 `` that could take a while . '' 
 `` and i 'm not even eighteen yet . 
 i think my parents were right all along . 
 i do n't think i 'm ready to move that far away . '' 
 he almost smiled . 
 `` not ready to leave nowhere , texas , to go off toboston . 
 you think that through ? '' 
 `` oh yes , '' she said . 
 `` i 've been thinking about it for days . '' 
 `` you ever think about the other answer ? '' 
 `` yes , '' she said . 
 `` but not for a while now . 
 because there 's one more reason : i do n't want to leave you . '' 
 shane took a step inside her room . 
 just a single step . 
 she slid off the bed and took two toward him . 
 and they met in the middle , not touching , just looking . 
 trying to find something in each other 's faces . 
 hungry and scared to hope . 
 claire said , `` i need to make this right with you , shane . 
 because i love you . '' 
 she 'd promised herself she would n't cry , promised , but now her eyes were burning and full of tears . 
 she did n't let them fall as she twisted the claddagh ring from her finger and held it out to him . 
 `` but i understand if you want this back . 
 i understand if you do n't think you can trust me . 
 you think i betrayed you , but i did n't . 
 i really tried -- '' `` god , '' shane said . 
 `` you do n't understand me at all . '' 
 and then he leaned forward and , with his good hand , slid the ring back on her finger . 
 he put his forehead against hers for a moment , then kissed her . 
 it was the sweetest , most tentative kiss he 'd ever given her , and it made the tears break free , and all she could taste was salt and desperation and the silence between them ... and then his arms went around her . 
 `` i was n't mad at you , and i did n't think you betrayed me , '' he said . 
 `` not after the first few minutes . 
 i know why you did it , why you kept it secret . 
 you had to . 
 you did n't want to hurt me . 
 i get it . '' 
 she shuddered in relief and relaxed against him . 
 his hand stroked her hair . 
 `` i wish you 'd told me , '' he said , `` but frank was right . 
 i 'd rather it was him living in that machine , if it had to be somebody . 
 and maybe it 's okay this way . 
 he 's not exactly gone , but he ca n't hurt me anymore . 
 he 's just a voice . 
 a ghost . 
 a memory . 
 maybe all the best parts of my dad , and none of the worst . '' 
 `` then why did n't youtalk to me about this ? '' 
 she tried to say it reasonably , but it came out in a wail , full of pain . 
 `` because i wanted you to decide on your own . 
 and i knew that if i said anything at all , you 'd know how much i need you right now . '' 
 `` you need me ? '' 
 she looked up at him and felt her heart speed faster . 
 `` it 's been the toughest week of my life , not touching you . 
 not talking to you . 
 waiting to see what you were going to do . '' 
 he kissed her again , a warm , damp touch of lips , exquisitely controlled . 
 `` but it does n't matter whether you stay or go . 
 i 'll still need you . 
 so if you want to go off to boston , i 'll wait . 
 right here , whenever you need me . '' 
 claire smiled against the press of his lips and felt him smiling , too . 
 it was like the sun coming out after all the long , cold days . 
 `` you know what ? '' 
 she murmured . 
 `` i need you right now . '' 
 his voice dropped lower . 
 `` now ? '' 
 `` right now . '' 
 `` oh , '' shane said , and backed her slowly toward the bed . 
 `` that 's so exactly what i was going to say . '' 
 `` jinxies , '' she whispered , but the word was lost between them when he kissed her , so hot and sweet . 
 and once again ... she liked his version better . 
