 chapter 1 - i 'm sorry , you 're what ? 
 i never thought i 'd be dating a vampire . 
 i never even considered it . 
 of course , up until a few weeks ago , i had believed that vampires were as mythic as the easter bunny and santa claus . 
 that was , until the day i met one , or more accurately , collided with one . 
 it happened in broad daylight on a crowded sidewalk . 
 i had been running late getting back to work from my lunch hour and smashed right into him , dumping my venti , double , non-fat , soy , vanilla latte all over his shirt . 
 i 'd had it prepared extra-hot-i like my coffee sweet and searing-and he 'd jumped back about a foot , holding his dampened shirt away from his skin like i 'd just poured molten lava down the front of him . 
 no , nothing about our first encounter had made me think he was supernatural in the slightest . 
 that revelation came much later , and it shook me to my core . 
 now i 'm starting to wonder about the easter bunny and santa claus ... anything was possible . 
 apologizing profusely on the outside , and cursing at the loss of my afternoon pick-me-up on the inside , i 'd shoved my card in his face and told him i 'd pick up the dry cleaning bill . 
 his crisp , button up shirt had been white , of course , and had looked expensive . 
 i was sure he was going to call me and demand that i replace it , for surely my sweet , yummy , ruined coffee would never fully escape that once pristine fabric . 
 i worried about his phone call when i got back to work . 
 sometimes i had a lot of time to worry at my job . 
 i was an executive administrative assistant 's assistant . 
 in other words , i was the secretary 's secretary-the gofer who got all the piss-ass jobs the secretary did n't want . 
 i worked for a prosperous local accounting firm , so my job involved a lot of paperwork-filing , faxing , copying ... daydreaming . 
 while i worried , i hoped one of my assignments would involve a coffee run for my boss , so i would have an excuse to grab another one for myself ; an hour after lunch , i could feel my eyelids drooping as i went through stacks of financial documents . 
 it was in this near catatonic state that the phone rang . 
 i answered automatically with a comatose voice . 
 `` neilson , sampson and peterson . '' 
 i really hated how the firm name rhymed . 
 `` this is emma , how can i help you ? '' 
 a cool voice answered me with , `` is this the emma that dumped her coffee all over my shirt ? '' 
 my heart started beating faster as i pictured the surely irate man on the other end of the line . 
 i tried to remember what he 'd looked like , but i was drawing a blank . 
 the incident was overshadowing his face-although , i thought i remembered dark hair and tan skin . 
 `` yes ... i 'm so sorry about that . 
 do you have a bill for me already ? '' 
 i twirled the phone cord in my fingers and waited for the surely exorbitant figure he was going to spout at me . 
 taking me by surprise , he laughed . 
 `` no , do n't worry about the bill . '' 
 i wondered why he was calling , if he was n't interested in repayment . 
 i did n't have to wonder long . 
 `` i was just thinking ... you gave up all your coffee for my shirt , maybe i could buy you another ? '' 
 that took me back a step . 
 did he seriously just ask me out ? 
 `` um ... sure , i guess . '' 
 `` great . 
 what time are you off work ? '' 
 it was at this point , that i had the briefest moment of you 're agreeing to meet someone who could be a serial killer panic . 
 if i 'd only known ... quickly pushing that fear aside as irrational , i said , `` five . '' 
 `` want to meet at the same place ? 
 i 'll have another venti , double , non-fat , soy , vanilla latte waiting for you ... extra hot , of course . '' 
 he laughed a little on end of that . 
 caught off guard , i blankly stared at the prosaic wall of my cubicle . 
 `` sounds great ... i 'll see you then . '' 
 i hung up the phone and only then realized that i 'd never asked him his name . 
 i 'd been too stunned by the fact that he knew what my drink was-exactly what my drink was . 
 that was my first hint that something was not quite right with this man . 
 it was not my last . 
 when i met him after work , he greeted me at the door in a non-coffee-stained light green shirt , with my perfectly recreated drink . 
 he seemed as normal as they come ... not vampiric at all , not that i was really thinking about such things yet . 
 he was around six feet tall , medium athletic build , black hair in a traditional `` guy '' cut , a lovely shade of sky blue eyes , the i-don ` t-really-care-about-my-looks-but-i-care-about-my-looks perfectly light , facial stubble , and a delightful smile , with perfect , and normal , white teeth . 
 nothing odd about him at all-no fangs , no clammy , pale skin , no slavic accent , and no aversion to crosses ; i 'd been wearing one . 
 if i had been expecting to meet a vampire that day , i would have been highly disappointed . 
 as it was , i 'd only been expecting to meet a possibly irate man , so the attractive gentleman before me was a very pleasant surprise . 
 he held his hand out to me in greeting ; it was as warm as any other man 's hand . 
 `` emma ? 
 emma taylor ? '' 
 i nodded and he smiled . 
 `` hello , i 'm teren . 
 teren adams . '' 
 i blinked . 
 his name was the oddest thing about him . 
 `` teren ? 
 that 's ... unusual . '' 
 he laughed a little as he handed me my coffee . 
 it was a delightful sound , slightly husky . 
 `` you should meet my parents ... then you 'd understand . '' 
 he gave me an odd grin , like he 'd just said something funny , that i was n't supposed to understand . 
 and at the time , i had n't . 
 at the time , i had n't noticed anything beyond how incredibly sexy my surprise date was . 
 he grabbed his coffee from a nearby table and led me to a couple of comfortable chairs in the back . 
 i think we spent two hours in that coffee shop before deciding we were hungry , and moving to a nearby restaurant for a nice dinner . 
 we both ate . 
 we both had wine . 
 we shared a light dessert , along with hours of pleasant conversation . 
 and after he drove me back to my car at the coffee shop , the only thoughts i had about him were pleasant . 
 well , there were a couple naughty thoughts too when he kissed me good night . 
 there was nothing at all that made me think he was anything other than an interesting human man that i 'd literally run into . 
 we saw each other pretty steadily over the next few weeks , and i grew even more attracted to him . 
 of course , i did notice oddities , but then , everyone has oddities and truly , vampirism was the last thing i 'd suspected . 
 but i did notice that he was strong . 
 he once nearly pulled my front door off the hinges . 
 it had rattled him almost as much as it had shocked me . 
 with a nervous laugh , he 'd explained the incident away as my mere presence had given him an adrenaline rush . 
 yeah ... i 'd gagged a little at that too . 
 he also had disturbingly good hearing . 
 i could whisper our conversations into the phone at work , so as to not get caught by my dried-up old shrew of a boss , and he 'd hear every word perfectly . 
 he said he had an aunt who had been traumatized as a child and spoke very softly , so he was used to it . 
 uh-huh , sure . 
 at times , he was faster than someone ought to be . 
 he 'd be running late in meeting me , and then still end up there before me . 
 he 'd explained that as hitting all the lights just right . 
 i would have believed him more , if he had n't been biking while i 'd been driving . 
 but then , one day , i saw his fangs . 
 those were a little harder for him to explain away . 
 we were on his couch . 
 his long , white , comfortable , leather , sit down and you never want to get up again couch . 
 only we were n't sitting . 
 we were lying . 
 we were kissing . 
 and i was really hoping we would n't be stopping at second base , that we 'd be rounding home . 
 i was n't opposed to going slow , but i really liked this guy , and i was ready to take it up a notch . 
 i 'd been ready for a while now , but we still had n't had our shining moment . 
 i was beginning to get a little frustrated . 
 he was an excellent kisser , with the kind of kisses you could feel all the way to the bottom of your toes . 
 his tongue was caressing mine , and mine was caressing his right back , when it happened . 
 `` ow ! '' 
 i pulled away and stuck a finger in my mouth . 
 my tongue felt like it had just been pricked by a needle . 
 when i removed my finger , a trace amount of blood was on it . 
 teren immediately flew off of me . 
 standing a ways from the couch , his hand pulled on his upper lip , effectively hiding his mouth in a nonchalant way . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 it 's been a long day . 
 maybe i should give you a ride home now . '' 
 still wishing for that home run , i shook my head . 
 `` no , i 'm fine . 
 it 's still light out and i 'm not the least bit tired . '' 
 we 'd gone out to dinner earlier at a nice italian restaurant , and had come back to watch a movie on his big screen with a glass of wine ... and promptly started making out instead ; the movie playing in the background was all but forgotten . 
 `` come back here and keep kissing me ... '' i raised my eyebrows suggestively , but he was having none of it . 
 his hand still hiding his mouth , he said , `` i really do have an early day ... rain check ? '' 
 getting up , i walked over to where he was standing in the middle of his spacious living room . 
 `` you said you were n't working tomorrow ? 
 what are you doing ? '' 
 i tried to keep my tone light and airy , but he was disturbing my nightly plans again , and i really wanted to share that intimacy with him . 
 i 'd even stuffed my toothbrush , a tank top , flip-flops , a fresh pair of underwear and yoga pants , into my satchel-sized purse , just in case our date turned into an impromptu overnight visit . 
 he rubbed his lip and i could see the gears turning in his head . 
 that made me suspicious ... then it made me mad . 
 `` teren ... what are you hiding from me ? '' 
 my tone shifted to definite irritation . 
 he shook his head and shrugged his shoulders , looking very uncomfortable and sort of embarrassed . 
 `` nothing . 
 i have to ... go to my parents ' place tomorrow morning , that 's all . '' 
 his pale eyes were giving me the just believe me look , and i was n't . 
 `` your parents ? 
 really . '' 
 i huffed out an annoyed breath as i straightened my tight skirt and adjusted the red , lacy top that was clinging to my curves . 
 with my outfit and my body language , i could n't have given him a bigger green light if i tried , but he was still pulling away from me , and i was n't sure why . 
 i guess i 'd just have to be blunt and ask him . 
 i shook my head , causing my brown locks to bounce around my shoulders . 
 `` i do n't mean to be overly forward , but ... is there a reason you do n't want to have sex with me ? 
 i thought most men were all gung-ho for that , but we 've been dating for weeks now and nothing . '' 
 knowing my question was coming out a bit rudely , thanks to my rising frustration and disappointment , i mentally cringed . 
 i could see his jaw drop under the hand still over his mouth and his eyes widened . 
 `` i. . . 
 of course i want - '' a spark of anger at his mumbled response ripped through me . 
 `` would you stop talking through your hand ! '' 
 i jerked it away from his mouth and we both stared at each other in shock . 
 his mouth had been open from speaking , and his fangs were perfectly visible , and to me-perfectly new . 
 i 'd seen his teeth plenty of times . 
 i 'd run my tongue along them on several occasions . 
 i sure as heck had never seen inch long canines on him before . 
 at first , i did n't make the connection . 
 i thought he 'd slipped them in as a joke . 
 because really , how often in real life do you see something weird and automatically think-vampire ! 
 the brain will always go for the rational explanation first . 
 `` what the hell ? 
 are you role-playing with me ? '' 
 i cocked an eyebrow and gave him a cautious look . 
 `` because , i 'm not into the whole anne rice fantasy . '' 
 he shut his mouth and blushed . 
 that 's right , he blushed . 
 `` no ... i 'm not playing . '' 
 `` then what ? 
 you had a sudden ... dental emergency ? '' 
 i scrunched my brow , still trying to understand what i was seeing . 
 he laughed . 
 at the moment , i did n't find it amusing . 
 `` no , you got me a little ... excited , and they kind of slipped out , and i 'm so sorry . 
 that 's so embarrassing . '' 
 he ran a hand over his stubbly jaw and i swear his blush deepened . 
 i furrowed my brow to a deep point , still hopelessly confused . 
 `` what slipped out ? 
 teeth , even long ones , do n't just slip out . '' 
 i lost my train of thought as what he 'd said finally registered with me ... well , registered with my body , anyway . 
 `` wait ... i got you excited ? '' 
 he twisted his lips . 
 the movement looked a little funny around his fangs . 
 `` you always get me excited . '' 
 he lowered his gaze to my body and i flushed . 
 maybe we 'd get to home base after all ... but not until he fully explained this new development . 
 i shook my head and put my hands on my hips . 
 `` you 're distracting me from this . '' 
 i waggled my finger at his teeth . 
 he sighed . 
 `` i ca n't hide this from you forever , not with how close we 're getting . 
 i guess you should know anyway . '' 
 he started to reach out for me and then seemed to change his mind . 
 he let his hand drop back down to his side as he quietly added , `` i want you to know . '' 
 i started tapping my foot-part nervousness , part irritation . 
 `` know what ? '' 
 i asked with forced patience . 
 his smile widened and i watched in shock as his teeth retracted to normal . 
 my hands limply fell to my sides and my mouth dropped wide open-you could have parked a bus in there . 
 `` how did you do that ? '' 
 he indicated the sofa . 
 `` have a seat . 
 i 'll explain it to you . '' 
 i did n't sit , so much as fall . 
 he clicked off the television and then sat down close beside me ; his hands nervously ran up and down his gray slacks . 
 he chuckled at my rapt attention to his mouth . 
 `` well ... to be blunt , i 'm a vampire . '' 
 i could n't help it . 
 any sane person would have had the exact same reaction i did . 
 i laughed . 
 i belly laughed . 
 pushing his shoulder away from me , i told him , `` be serious . '' 
 he did n't laugh with me , if anything , he looked a little offended . 
 `` i am . '' 
 my laughter slowly died down as i watched him watch me . 
 his pale eyes relaxed as my giggles drifted off . 
 `` okay . '' 
 i bit my lip and forcefully stopped myself from chuckling . 
 `` you 're a vampire . 
 that 's ... wonderful . '' 
 he shook his head at my contained amusement . 
 `` well , to be technical , i 'm only a little bit vampire . '' 
 he relaxed onto his elbows over his knees , seeming to be glad the hard part was over with ... at least for him . 
 i was still spinning with the absurdity of everything my , up until this point , seemingly normal , boyfriend was telling me . 
 `` i 'm sorry ... you 're what ? '' 
 now he smirked and looked about to laugh . 
 `` i 'm pretty sure you heard me . '' 
 his grin mischievous , he leaned into my side . 
 `` but do n't worry , i 'm not hungry . 
 you 're perfectly safe . '' 
 his tone was even more amused now . 
 i shook my head , hoping he was punking me . 
 i decided to play along though . 
 `` okay . 
 let 's assume that you 're not teasing me ... or crazy . 
 how does one become a ` little bit ' vampire ? 
 is n't that kind of like being a ` little bit ' pregnant ? 
 some things , you either are or you are n't . '' 
 he softly laughed . 
 `` well , it 's confusing ... '' i pursed my lips and crossed my legs , as much as i could in my tight skirt , anyway . 
 `` try me . '' 
 he raised an eyebrow and i startled as i considered the literal way my words could be taken to a vampire . 
 he laughed in earnest at my reaction . 
 `` really ... i 'm not going to bite you . 
 not unless you asked me to , anyway . '' 
 he said the last part quietly , with a sparkle in his eyes and a small smile on his lips . 
 i wondered if he was serious about that , and then wondered if i was just as crazy as he apparently was , for believing one iota of his tall tale . 
 but then he started speaking , and i relaxed into the couch and listened to his smooth , deep voice . 
 i tried to keep my mind as wide open as i could . 
 he had n't seemed crazy before this point . 
 maybe i should give him the benefit of the doubt . 
 `` my great-grandmother was turned while she was nine months pregnant . '' 
 `` turned ? '' 
 i asked , wanting to be sure of my vampire terminology . 
 he smiled at my interest and splayed his fingers out to me as he explained his heritage . 
 `` made into a vampire by another vampire ... just like in the movies . 
 anyway , the change induced labor , and the baby was born before being ... fully changed . 
 my grandmother was born half-vampire , a rarity for our kind . '' 
 he paused and sat back on the couch , looking over at me with a thoughtful expression . 
 `` in fact , we know of no others like us . '' 
 he seemed to contemplate that for a second , and then continued while i soaked up his story like a sponge . 
 `` gran married a human and had my mother - '' `` who 's a quarter vampire ? '' 
 i asked , leaning into him and bringing my legs up onto the couch . 
 his tale was sucking me in . 
 he put an arm around my shoulder and pulled me into him , as he smiled down at me . 
 `` something like that . 
 anyway , my mother also married a human , and had me , so ... '' he held his free hand out to his side , '' ... little bit vampire . '' 
 `` huh . '' 
 he pulled away and gave me an odd , relieved-offended look . 
 `` that 's all you have to say ... huh ? '' 
 he exaggerated the way i had said it , and i twisted my lips at him , a little annoyed . 
 `` well , assuming that your little fable was real , i was just thinking that you should marry a full-blood vampire if you want to keep the trait alive , otherwise you 'll dilute it right out . '' 
 that had been the first odd thought that had popped into my head after hearing his story . 
 well , second thought really ... right behind , is he nuts ? 
 he blinked at me and then started laughing . 
 then he grabbed my cheek with his free hand and pulled me in for a heat-inducing kiss . 
 my body forgot his crazy story , forgot his pointy teeth , and focused instead on the multiple sensations coursing through every cell of my now highly sensitive skin . 
 teren 's reaction to me progressed beyond anything he 'd shown so far , and before i knew it , he was lifting me up with those incredibly strong arms , and sweeping me to his room upstairs , where we went right on rounding the rest of those bases . 
 i guess his lack of interest had more to do with his hidden secret , than anything else . 
 afterwards , we lay close together in his cream-colored , silk sheets , our legs entwined and my arm over his muscled chest . 
 my head rested on his skin and i could clearly hear his evening heartbeat . 
 i looked back up at his face , at the strong , stubbly jaw , the relaxed full lips , and the perfect pale eyes staring back at me . 
 `` i think you 're wrong , '' i said matter-of-factly . 
 he laughed , deep in his chest . 
 `` am i ? 
 i 'm assuming we 're still on the vampire thing . '' 
 i scoffed at his casualness . 
 `` vampire thing . 
 you say that like it 's only as strange as having a sixth toe or something . '' 
 his eyes widened and he got a huge grin on his face . 
 `` do you have a sixth toe ? '' 
 he looked down at my feet loosely coiled up in his sheets and i gently kicked his shin . 
 `` no ! 
 it was just an example . '' 
 i raised my head off his chest to fully look at him . 
 he laughed again . 
 `` well it 's not strange to me . 
 everyone in my family is ... well , the women are anyway . '' 
 his hand on my bare back started tracing circles into my skin . 
 i shook my head , processing his statement . 
 `` your father is human , but your mother is not ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` yes . '' 
 he said it so easily , like we were discussing his nationality or something . 
 `` so ... you drink blood and stuff ? '' 
 i bit my lip , wondering if i really wanted the answer to that , and thinking maybe i should have asked these questions before sleeping with him . 
 oh well . 
 i guessed i had survived it , and while mind-blowingly good , it was pretty standard stuff , so if he did sip a little o-positive , he could at least control it . 
 he frowned . 
 `` you really want to know this ? '' 
 i propped myself up on my elbows and stroked his chest . 
 `` yes , i do . '' 
 and i realized that i did . 
 i wanted to know everything about him , the good and the bad . 
 he sighed and his hand stopped its circular motion and dropped to my hip . 
 he watched me for a moment , perhaps judging if i would stay put on his chest once he told me his answer . 
 finally , he said , `` yes ... i do , sometimes . 
 it tastes good to me and i enjoy it , but i can eat regular food too and i enjoy that as well , as you 've seen . '' 
 i cocked my head . 
 i 'd never heard of an omnivore vampire before . 
 of course , i 'd never heard of a vampire with a heartbeat before . 
 `` oh , that 's interesting . 
 so your body is ... '' he visibly relaxed , since i had n't bolted from the room . 
 `` mostly human . 
 i do everything ... human males ... do . '' 
 he shrugged his shoulders and laughed . 
 his hand returned to my back and he smiled at me . 
 `` that 's so weird . 
 so , you drink blood on occasion and have fangs ... '' remembering back to our little tumble not so long ago , i gave him a curious look . 
 `` where did your fangs go ? '' 
 he blinked at me , a small laugh escaping him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` when we were ... you know ... you were fangless . 
 why did n't they pop out when you were excited ? '' 
 i probably should n't have asked him such a personal question , not that we were n't quite personal with each other now , but maybe his teeth were something really private that i should n't have brought up . 
 like him wanting to discuss tampons or something . 
 amused , he shook his head . 
 `` and you say i 'm casual about this . '' 
 i twisted my lips into a pout and he grinned . 
 `` i can control it ... most of the time . 
 it 's easier to do now , knowing that you know , and if i mess up , you wo n't go running or anything . 
 it takes the pressure off . '' 
 `` weird . '' 
 he seemed okay talking about it , so i continued my train of thought . 
 `` so ... on the couch ... you did n't mean to do that ? '' 
 `` no ... definitely no . '' 
 his pale eyes looked down at my fingers on his chest . 
 he still seemed a touch embarrassed about his slip-up . 
 i brought a finger to his cheek and stroked it ; the light stubble grazing my skin was delightful to touch . 
 he looked up at me , a warm smile on his lips . 
 i held my breath , reluctant to ask my next question , since it was one that would probably embarrass us both . 
 i really wanted an answer to it , though , so i sucked it up and said , `` and , we 've waited all this time , because you were afraid of that happening ? '' 
 he looked at me with a blank expression . 
 i thought for a moment that maybe he did n't understand what i was vaguely referencing . 
 or maybe he did , and he just did n't want to answer me . 
 but then he finally smiled and said , `` it 's only been three weeks . 
 you make it sound like i 've been holding out on you for years . '' 
 his mouth twisted into a devilish grin . 
 `` i did n't realize you wanted me so bad . 
 i was just trying to be a gentleman . '' 
 he laughed again as the hand on my back tightened into a hug . 
 i playfully patted his shoulder . 
 `` shut up . '' 
 the last rays of the sun sank all the way down as we talked and the room darkened to blackness . 
 i laid my head on his chest and again marveled at his steady and strong heartbeat . 
 vampire ? 
 if i had n't seen the fangs , i still would n't have believed it . 
 he seemed too ... human . 
 `` are you really sure ? '' 
 i asked , as i looked back up to his eyes . 
 my breath caught as i stared at his face . 
 i believed . 
 i fully believed . 
 with the sun set and the heavy curtains blocking the street lights , the room should have been pitch-black . 
 but it was n't . 
 there was light in his bedroom , and it was coming from him ... from his eyes . 
 they glowed , a phosphorescent glow , like someone had painted the whites of his eyes with glow in the dark paint . 
 aside from his teeth , it was the strangest thing i 'd ever seen . 
 `` oh ... wow . 
 that 's weird . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 the glow narrowed as his eyes narrowed . 
 `` your eyes ... that 's just freaky . '' 
 it was also a little hypnotic . 
 i could n't turn away from it , and i felt my head getting lighter and my face starting to relax . 
 i could bathe in those eyes . 
 i never wanted to look away . 
 i 'd follow those eyes anywhere ... `` oh , that . 
 right ... yeah , that is kind of weird . 
 it 's like ... you know those fish in the deepest parts of the ocean that use light to attract their prey ? 
 kind of the same idea . '' 
 i could see his shoulders shrug in the dim light emitted ... by him . 
 i blinked and shook my head a little , forcing myself to look away from those hypnotic eyes , remembering that , technically , i was his prey . 
 `` oh ... well , it 's weird and a little ... creepy . '' 
 `` sorry , i ca n't shut it off or anything . 
 luckily , it 's barely noticeable unless it 's completely dark . 
 there 's usually enough light pollution in the city that people do n't see it . '' 
 he laughed , the glow bouncing with him . 
 `` it does make for awkward conversations when i try and go camping in the countryside though . '' 
 i turned on the lamp sitting on his nightstand to bring his eyes back to normal . 
 blinking in the now too-bright light , i looked over at him again . 
 `` you ... camp ? '' 
 for some reason , the thought of a vampire camping struck me as the oddest thing he 'd uttered all night . 
 he smiled and shrugged again . 
 `` sure ... who does n't love camping ? '' 
 `` you 're so weird . '' 
 i plopped myself back down onto his wonderfully masculine chest . 
 a fresh burst of his light cologne hit my nose as i inhaled a deep , contented breath . 
 his amused chuckle vibrated beneath me as he brought his hands up to play with the long strands of my dark hair . 
 `` would you stop saying that . 
 i 'm starting to get a complex . '' 
 i smiled as his hand sweeping the hair away from my bare shoulder gave me goose bumps . 
 `` sorry , i 'm trying to process this . 
 i 've never met a vampire before . '' 
 i nestled further into his chest , relaxing into his capable hands . 
 `` that 's a very good thing . '' 
 there was an oddness to his voice . 
 i looked up to his beautiful , pale blue eyes , and there was an odd look in them as well . 
 i wondered if i wanted to know what he meant by that . 
 instead i asked , `` how old are you ? '' 
 i propped myself on my elbows on his chest again , suddenly very excited at an idea that had popped into my head . 
 `` are you a couple hundred years old ? 
 have you seen the civil war , or the first cars , or thin elvis ? 
 what have you seen ? 
 i want to know everything . '' 
 i rested my head in my hands and waited for his surely fascinating answer . 
 he cocked his head at me . 
 `` i 'm twenty-five . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` you 're twenty-five because that 's my cover story and i 'm sticking to it , or you 're twenty-five because you were birthed twenty-five years ago ? '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` the latter ... i really am twenty-five . 
 i 've seen what you 've seen . '' 
 i sighed and slumped a little on his chest . 
 `` does that disappoint you ? '' 
 he asked , a grin on his face . 
 i sighed again . 
 `` yes ... actually , as far as vampires go , i find you a little disappointing . '' 
 i was abruptly flipped over onto my back . 
 the move was so fast , my mind could n't even comprehend it ; one minute i was on my stomach and the next i was on my back . 
 my breath increased as i tried to wrap my mind around this new position . 
 teren was hovering over me and his fangs were out again . 
 my mouth dropped open watching him . 
 `` am i still disappointing to you ? '' 
 he growled . 
 i could n't even answer him . 
 his presence , his undeniable power-it took my breath away . 
 he leaned over me and very lightly dragged his teeth along my skin . 
 it did wonderful things to my body , but i was n't about to let him hurt me . 
 my speech came back to me in a pant . 
 `` if you bite me , it will be the last thing your vampire ass does . '' 
 he laughed and retracted his teeth . 
 `` i was n't going to . 
 remember ... i said i would n't , unless you asked . 
 i was just proving a point . '' 
 as i relaxed underneath him , i brought my hands up his chest and laced them around his neck . 
 `` how exactly were you planning on ending me anyway ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i twisted my lips as i pulled him closer to me . 
 `` i would find a way ... you just keep that in mind , buddy . 
 i 'm no snack . '' 
 smiling , he gave me a gentle kiss . 
 `` you might like it ... '' `` why would i like you piercing my skin ? 
 does that sound like fun to you ? '' 
 realizing what i 'd just said , and who i 'd just said it to , i rolled my eyes at myself . 
 `` wait ... do n't answer that ... '' he laughed again and kissed me a bit deeper . 
 i pulled away , slightly breathless . 
 `` does anything else ... glow ... on you ? '' 
 he flashed me an impish grin . 
 `` why do n't you shut the light back off and find out ? '' 
 i laughed and did shut the light off . 
 i searched pretty thoroughly , but did n't find any other glowing spots on him . 
 and eventually his creepy , glowing orbs closed , and the room was blissfully and naturally dark . 
 the next day , i studiously watched him over breakfast . 
 he made us bacon , eggs and toast , and he ate it all like any normal guy . 
 i kept waiting for him to do something unreal , turn into mist and slip under the door or mentally call forth rodents or bats . 
 i do n't know-something creepy and mysterious . 
 but he did n't . 
 he made espressos . 
 he walked around his spacious kitchen with stainless steel appliances at normal , boring human speed . 
 he got food from his fully stocked refrigerator . 
 he put spices away in his fully stocked cupboards . 
 he kissed me on the cheek and asked me what i wanted to do on this sunny sunday morning . 
 i was a little disappointed again with my very unvampire-like vampire . 
 i had kind of been expecting him to secret away to a coffin last night , after our rousing second romp . 
 but he had n't , he 'd fallen asleep right afterwards and he 'd even snored . 
 it was so commonplace that i was beginning to doubt the entire thing ever even happened . 
 we sat at his metal kitchen table , sipping our espressos after breakfast . 
 i was wearing my `` just in case clothes '' and was happy for the fact that i had planned for that little eventuality . 
 i was even happier that the scenario had finally happened , although the night had n't mapped out quite like i 'd expected . 
 i watched him sip his coffee and read a magazine , wearing a pair of perfectly faded blue jeans and a casual looking t-shirt . 
 he was the perfect sight to wake up to-dark hair , pale eyes , full lips , strong jaw , sexy as all get-out stubble . 
 delicious ... and impossibly human . 
 last night must have been a vivid dream . 
 one way to make sure , i suppose . 
 `` let me see again , '' i said after another couple minutes of comfortable silence . 
 he looked up at me , a little confused . 
 `` see what ? '' 
 i pointed to his mouth as i set down my coffee cup . 
 `` the fangs ... whip 'em out . '' 
 he looked a little embarrassed , his eyes darting back down to the cup in his hand . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` come on . 
 you do n't have to be shy . '' 
 i reached over to him and stroked his forearm with my fingers . 
 `` i 've seen everything on you . 
 there 's nothing to be embarrassed about . 
 show me . '' 
 i smiled encouragingly . 
 he met my eyes again . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i took my hand off his arm and gestured in the air . 
 `` because i 'm starting to think i imagined the whole thing last night . '' 
 i gestured to the drink he was still holding . 
 `` i mean , you 're drinking a cappuccino for god 's sake . '' 
 he twisted his lips . 
 `` what 's wrong with cappuccino ? '' 
 `` well , it 's not blood for starters , '' i deadpanned . 
 he smiled wide , showing perfect , white , even teeth . 
 `` well , i have some humans tied up in my underground lair , next to my coffin , being guarded by my hunchback assistant igor . '' 
 he pointed over his shoulder with his thumb . 
 `` would you like me to have him bring one up so i can devour them in front of you ? '' 
 i smirked . 
 `` funny . '' 
 i sure hoped he was kidding about that . 
 he shook his head and went back to his coffee . 
 apparently , he was n't caving to my request for a peep show . 
 i tried a different approach . 
 `` you can bite me ? '' 
 without looking up from the magazine he was reading -lrb- national geographic , of all things -rrb- , he calmly said , `` no . '' 
 he peeked up at me from under his eyebrows . 
 `` i thought that would bring about my end anyway . '' 
 ignoring his one hundred percent accurate comment , i , as seductively as i could , said , `` oh , come on . '' 
 i leaned my head to the side , exposing my vein , and stroked my neck with my finger . 
 `` it 's a nice , juicy artery . '' 
 teren smirked . 
 looking back down to his magazine , he pointed at himself . 
 `` nearly all human remember ? 
 that is n't as much of a temptation as you seem to think . '' 
 disappointed , i slumped back into my chair . 
 `` fine , be all modest on me . 
 i would have shown you mine , '' i muttered . 
 he exhaled loudly and looked at the ceiling for a moment . 
 `` god ... '' making a fake growling noise like a five-year-old would , he looked over at me with his hands raised in the air like claws . 
 extending his fangs , he said , `` i vant to suck your blood , '' in a horrible dracula impersonation . 
 then he immediately retracted his teeth and went back to his magazine as if he had n't done anything strange at all . 
 `` satisfied ? '' 
 he asked . 
 laughing at his over-the-top display , i walked over and sat on his lap . 
 he looked up at me with a semi-amused smile . 
 `` yes ... that was priceless . 
 thank you . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` however i can entertain the human . '' 
 i laughed some more and gave him a soft kiss . 
 i was a little surprised at how well i was taking things . 
 i never realized i was so ... progressive . 
 well , good men are hard to come by , and i 'd had more than my fair share of duds . 
 if his only drawback was a pair of sharp teeth and a penchant for hemoglobin , well , i 'd take it . 
 we decided to spend our sunday afternoon doing the most vampire-like thing we could-we took his collie , spike -lrb- as in stake-har har -rrb- , to golden gate park . 
 teren and i lived in beautiful , sunny san francisco , which one would think would make it a natural deterrent for vampires , but teren seemed perfectly happy and un-crispy , walking hand in hand with me as spike ran ahead of us for a few feet , before coming back and then running forward again . 
 we walked through the green grass and under a few large trees and i watched the sunlight filter through the leaves to speckle my honey in shadow and light , a fitting metaphor if i 'd ever seen one . 
 when spike got too far in front of us , teren put a couple of fingers in his mouth and let out an ear-piercing whistle . 
 spike immediately turned around , his shaggy , multi-colored coat bristling in the breeze , and loped back to us with his tongue extending and retracting as he merrily panted . 
 teren reached down and ruffled his fur , earning him a lick on the cheek . 
 `` so , you do n't chow on dogs ? '' 
 i asked with a small smile on my lips . 
 teren looked up at me and grimaced . 
 `` no ... do you ? '' 
 i laughed and shook my head . 
 he smiled and stood , coming to my side and pulling me close to him . 
 `` good , i do n't think i could keep seeing you if you ate dog . 
 that 's just gross . '' 
 i poked him in the ribs while he laughed and spike ran around our feet . 
 he brought me in for a tender kiss as spike 's attention was diverted by a squirrel running up a nearby tree trunk . 
 i relaxed into the comfort of his kiss-a wonderful mix of soft lips and scratchy stubble . 
 abruptly , he pulled back from me and i frowned as my comfort was ripped away . 
 `` come to my parents ' place with me . '' 
 i blinked at him , startled . 
 `` i 'm sorry ... what ? '' 
 he half-grinned at my stupefied face . 
 `` now that you know everything ... and seem to be perfectly fine with it , you should meet my parents . '' 
 `` today ? '' 
 my voice came out a little strained , and i tried to relax my throat . 
 `` no , i was n't serious about that . 
 i do need to go up there soon though . 
 maybe in a couple of weekends we could go ? '' 
 his pale eyes sparkled in the sunlight , and i had the odd thought that they were charging in the sun for another glow session this evening . 
 i shook my head to shake away the strange vision . 
 `` um ... i guess that could be fun . 
 where do they live ? '' 
 please do n't say a castle ... he nodded vaguely to the right of us . 
 `` they manage a ranch about sixty miles from here , near mount diablo . '' 
 i nodded as i absorbed that . 
 `` wait ... your family are ranchers ? '' 
 he smiled , like he did n't see anything odd about that . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i pulled away to look at him better . 
 `` your ... vampire family ... are ranchers ? '' 
 he laughed at the expression on my face . 
 `` yeah , it kind of makes sense for us , if you think about it . '' 
 i blinked . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 he took my hand and we started walking through the grass , catching up to his hyper collie that was chasing his tail , ten feet up the lawn . 
 `` well , to the outside world , my family comes from a long line of successful ranchers , but to us ... , '' he glanced over at me walking beside him and gave me a wicked grin-he only needed his fangs out to complete the look , '' ... to us , it 's more of an open-air pantry . '' 
 i paled a bit as that statement sank into the ridges of my brain . 
 i envisioned the teeth that he had dragged along my neck , plunging deep into some poor holstein . 
 `` oh ... i 'm never going to be able to look at a cow the same way again . '' 
 laughing , he squeezed my hand . 
 we watched spike roll on his back and frolic in the sun , and i thought about meeting his family ... his vampire family . 
 dealing with his weirdness was one thing-i mean , for the most part , he acted completely human . 
 but he was only slightly vampire . 
 the rest of his family would be even more foreign and his great-grandmother was a full-fledged mistress of the night . 
 i had to admit that it intimidated me a little bit . 
 although , it was nice to hear that they snacked on livestock . 
 `` we 've only been dating a few weeks ... is n't it a little early to bring me home ? '' 
 he smiled down on me as spike ran up to him and licked his jeans . 
 `` you got so irritated by the abstaining you thought we were doing , i do n't want to mess up again by making you wait . '' 
 i frowned at him and he pulled me tight . 
 `` i really do need to go up there ... it 's been too long . 
 and i 'd love for you to join me . 
 i 'd love for you to meet them , and for them to meet you . '' 
 he looked down as we walked , seeming almost shy . 
 `` you 're kind of important to me . '' 
 `` oh , '' i said quietly . 
 before i could respond further , he added , `` it 's not every girl who would stick around after hearing what i really am . '' 
 he nudged my shoulder playfully . 
 `` and you 're really pretty . '' 
 i smiled as he bent down and clipped spike 's leash back onto his collar . 
 we made our way back to his toyota prius -lrb- yes , my vampire drove a hybrid -rrb- , and went over to a breezy outdoor diner for a late lunch . 
 at the end of our day and a half date , he drove me home , walked me to my door , and kissed me goodbye like a perfect gentleman . 
 in the safety and solitude of my cute , victorian townhouse , i analyzed how much things had changed in my life in the past twenty-four hours . 
 vampires were real . 
 i was dating one . 
 i 'd slept with one-twice . 
 he wanted to take me home to his ... nest . 
 he thought i was really pretty . 
 i had a dream that night , once i finally fell asleep , of being surrounded by beautiful , black-haired women with sharp fangs and glowing eyes , and a deep voice rumbled in my head , `` do n't worry ... they wo n't eat my girlfriend . '' 
 <br/> i turned in his arms and laced my hands around his neck again . 
 `` maybe i 'm just freaking out on the inside . '' 
 he chuckled and gave me a soft kiss , then he seemed to remember something . 
 `` oh hey , i talked to my parents today-they 're really looking forward to meeting you . 
 they want us to come up this weekend . '' 
 my face went blank ... and surely pale white . 
 `` now i 'm freaking out . '' 
 he kissed my nose . 
 `` you 'll be fine . 
 it will be fun , i promise . 
 you should have heard how excited they were - '' i cocked an eyebrow as i cut him off . 
 `` excited our son is bringing home a girl , or excited we 're having a tasty snack delivered ? '' 
 he twisted his lips at me in obvious displeasure . 
 `` my family is not going to eat you . 
 that would be pretty rude . '' 
 `` right ... well , why are they so excited to meet me then ? '' 
 he paused for an inordinately long amount of time ... that worried me some . 
 `` i 've never brought a girl home before , '' he finally said with a warm expression . 
 even though his soft smile was genuine , i could n't help but think that there was more to the story . 
 `` so , what do you think ? 
 this weekend ? '' 
 `` sure ... why not . '' 
 if i 'm going to be an adams family snack ... might as well get it over with . 
 releasing me , he finished making our chicken fettuccini alfredo dinner , handing a forkful of sauce-coated chicken to me to test , and tossing a bare chunk of chicken down to spike , who thumped his tail on the floor appreciatively . 
 as we sat down at his candlelit formal table with our meal and a glass of chilled wine , i forgot all about the upcoming weekend and raptured in the flawless food . 
 for a man who only ate because he chose to , boy could he cook ! 
 he offered me a nightcap at the end of dinner but i politely declined . 
 it was getting pretty late and i did have to work tomorrow . 
 he walked me to my car and gave me a final hug and a kiss at my car door . 
 i narrowed my eyes , intensely studying his . 
 it was late and very dark outside , but we were close to a streetlamp and we were bathed in the amber light . 
 since i was looking for it , i noticed the faint glow of the whites of his eyes , but a person not expecting it , really would n't notice it at all . 
 he slowly shook his head at me and my fascination . 
 `` do you want to do something tomorrow night ? '' 
 `` sorry , ca n't . 
 i 'm having dinner with mom and ash . 
 rain check ? '' 
 `` i have an editor 's meeting wednesday night , but can you come by thursday for dinner ? 
 we can work out the details for friday night . '' 
 i frowned and he laughed as he gently pushed me into my seat . 
 `` it will be fine . 
 promise . '' 
 he cocked his head at me as he leaned against my open door . 
 `` when do i get to meet your family ? '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` let 's just get your family out of the way first ... then we 'll talk . '' 
 smiling , he nodded , then leaned in to give me a final , final kiss before he closed my door . 
 i watched him in my rearview mirror as i pulled away . 
 it was a bit startling that i could see his reflection-that particular myth must not be true then . 
 of course , my vampire did n't seem to conform to any of the traditional vampire lore . 
 what a rebel he was . 
 he waved at me with one hand , the other casually stuffed into the pocket of his slacks , and i smiled at my tall , dark and pointy-teethed boyfriend . 
 i walked into my gray on gray cubicle the next morning and smiled at the arrangement of calla lilies still on my desk . 
 i sat down at my ergonomically correct chair , opened the bottom drawer of my desk , and stuffed my heavy purse inside . 
 i had to shove and rearrange the purse a couple times to be able to close the drawer all the way . 
 apparently , i was becoming a bit of a pack rat . 
 i 'd have to dig through the purse soon and toss out all the old receipts , empty packages of gum , out of style lipsticks and semi-melted tubes of chapstick , that were collecting in there . 
 i adjusted a picture of my mother and sister next to my computer and wondered if i should bring in a photo of teren . 
 that would dispel the myth that he was trying to woo me away for work , if clarice ever figured out who the man in the picture was , but it would be nice to look at his handsome face while i went about my day . 
 i flicked my computer on and opened my emails . 
 i just about shut my computer back off . 
 there were thirty-six emails requesting old pandl statements that i 'd have to dig through piles and piles of paperwork to find . 
 and each email had the dreaded red flag of urgency . 
 well , of course , everyone believed their problem was the most urgent thing in the world . 
 sighing , i started writing down the information that i would need . 
 tracey walked up to my `` home away from home '' and leaned against one of the walls . 
 she looked blissfully happy , a peaceful smile on her peach stained lips , and i was pretty sure why . 
 `` so , did you get a date with ben ? '' 
 `` of course ! '' 
 she shook her blonde head , like it was a ridiculous concept that she would n't . 
 i smiled and shook my head at her , in awe that she felt completely comfortable hitting on someone , while dripping with sweat . 
 personally , there was only one way i wanted a cute guy i liked to see me all sweaty , and by that point , i usually knew him pretty well . 
 usually-there might have been some poor decisions made in college . 
 `` we 're going on a date friday , '' she finished . 
 `` that 's great ! '' 
 she told me all about the fancy restaurant they were going to , and the club she wanted him to take her to afterwards . 
 when her story dwindled down , i told her my plans for the weekend . 
 `` teren is taking me up to his parents ' place for the weekend . '' 
 `` already ? 
 that 's fast , he must really like you . '' 
 her blue eyes sparkled at me with genuine happiness for my relationship that was going quite smoothly , and as she had correctly pointed out , was starting to definitely pick up speed . 
 `` yeah , i think he 's been bitten by something . '' 
 my lips curled a little at the corners over my dumb vampire reference that tracey did n't get at all . 
 `` and you ? 
 what do you think of him ? '' 
 she walked over to my flowers and smelled one , her blonde hair leaning forward with her and brushing against the lengthy stems . 
 my smile widened . 
 `` he 's like no one else i 've ever met . '' 
 quite literally . 
 she straightened and pulled her hair back behind her shoulders . 
 `` are you heading to the gym tonight ? '' 
 `` no , i 'm having dinner with mom and ash . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` oh that 's right ... tuesday . '' 
 she put a slim hand over her heart . 
 `` give ash a great big hug and a kiss for me . 
 i miss that girl . '' 
 `` i will . '' 
 i smiled as i continued on with my tedious task , and tracey disappeared behind her adjoining wall . 
 my smile faded after an hour , and by lunchtime , i was craving a pick-me-up . 
 i skipped out and rushed to get my coffee treat-making sure i did n't dump it on any potential bloodsuckers this time . 
 then i settled back into my monotonous work in the records room-finding files , copying them and then replacing them-all with my caffeinated secret weapon tight in hand . 
 even though by five o'clock , the very backs of my eyes ached , i still managed to get every single piece of paper sent out that was requested of me from my urgent email list by quitting time . 
 i was quite pleased with my productivity as i strolled out the front doors . 
 i smiled as i walked into the quaint cafe that was ashley 's favorite place to eat . 
 she always ordered the butternut squash ravioli , no matter what time of year it was , and the staff always added extra gorgonzola crumbles on the top , just for her . 
 they sort of loved her here , which is really the reason why we came here so often . 
 my sister tended to attract attention ... and not the good kind . 
 the hostess greeted me and motioned to a table in the back , where we preferred to sit . 
 i nodded thanks to her and started walking in that direction . 
 the cafe was quiet tonight and soothing contemporary jazz played over the sound system . 
 the tables were all set up with a small vase of wild flowers , and the hand painted lamps , lightly swinging above each table , lit the area with a soft glow . 
 it was a cozy , comforting place . 
 i approached a table where a woman with chin-length , graying brown hair , was sitting with her back to me . 
 she was plump in the i do n't care , i 'm going to fully enjoy this life i was given sort of way , and she had a deep , earthy laugh that echoed down the aisle to me . 
 she was laughing with a woman who was facing me . 
 a woman who had the most horrific face you could image . 
 a woman i deeply loved . 
 the woman stood as i came up to the table . 
 half of her head and half of her face were covered in a thick patchwork of scars . 
 the side of her head that could still grow hair was a deep brown that bounced in the exact same way that mine did . 
 `` hey , sis , '' she said , as she hugged me warmly . 
 `` hey , ash . '' 
 i hugged her right back , ignoring the imperfectness of her face . 
 it was irrelevant anyway-her beauty was her heart . 
 it always had been , it always would be . 
 she sat back down stiffly ; some of the scarring over her joints made some movements a little difficult for her . 
 scooting over , she patted the seat so i would sit beside her . 
 i giggled and snuggled into her side . 
 my sister had been horribly burned when she was nine years old , in a house fire that had claimed the life of our father . 
 my mother had gotten out of the house safely , but dad had rushed back in to save ashley ; it was the last thing he ever did . 
 i was at a friend 's house that night and had missed the whole disaster . 
 i was equally regretful and grateful for that . 
 but that was ten years , and for ashley , several surgeries ago . 
 her body was a variegated mix of layer-upon-layer of discernable scarring . 
 it covered over two thirds of her , but that did n't dampen her spirit . 
 she took the teasing and ridicule she received from the uneducated idiots we often encountered , with grace and aplomb . 
 she was my best friend . 
 she was my hero . 
 her light brown eyes sparkled at me playfully as she grabbed my arm . 
 `` so , how 's the boy ? '' 
 i playfully nudged her back . 
 `` the man is wonderful . '' 
 my mother across from the table from us laughed . 
 `` when do we get to meet this mystery man ? '' 
 i smiled at my mom as i held ashley 's hand . 
 my mother had never remarried , in fact she still wore her wedding ring-to chase away the would-be suitors , she said . 
 whenever i hinted about her dating again -lrb- she was only fifty-two after all -rrb- , she would sniff and say that she had a husband and he was waiting for her in heaven . 
 i would always sigh at that and let it go . 
 you ca n't make someone do something they do n't want to do . 
 but she was a vibrant , happy woman . 
 her face had deep laugh lines around her eyes and the corners of her lips . 
 she was quick to smile and even quicker to laugh . 
 i chuckled at my mother 's question . 
 `` that 's kind of funny . 
 just yesterday , he asked when he 'd get to meet you . '' 
 she leaned in , her expression curious . 
 `` and you said ... ? '' 
 `` all in due time . '' 
 we ordered our `` usual '' from the waitress , debby , who lounged at our table for a few moments , chatting away , catching us up on her life-funny stories about her kids , a fight she 'd had with her husband , a horrible weekend at the in-laws , which was the precursor to the aforementioned fight . 
 we came to this cafe weekly . 
 it was our way to stay together as a family and fill each other in on the aspects of our busy , daily lives . 
 we 'd been coming here for over five years now , and most of the staff was the same as our first night here . 
 it sort of became a way for us to be filled in on their lives too . 
 after a few moments of friendly chit-chat , debby left to get our drinks and place our orders . 
 our food arrived only moments later ; the cook was well aware that we were here , and what we were going to order . 
 debby talked with us a few minutes longer while she set down ashley 's ravioli , my smoked ham panini and mom 's raspberry-stuffed french toast . 
 then she moseyed on to other customers and we ate our meal and talked about what had happened during our week . 
 mom and ashley laughed as they discussed mom 's ongoing battle with her neighbor 's yappy dogs that kept her up at night . 
 mom was considering secreting them away to the vet to get them debarked . 
 i told her to go for it , but ashley stuck up for the dogs and convinced mom to try earplugs first . 
 i smiled inwardly that i could always have teren stop by for a little midnight snack ... but then i remembered his aversion to the very idea of eating dog . 
 honestly , who 'd imagine a vampire being squeamish ? 
 ashley caught us up on school . 
 she would only say it was going well . 
 i took that to mean that her classes were going well , but as per usual , the relentless staring and whispering was n't stopping . 
 she was in the last semester of her first year at san francisco state university . 
 she was taking the nursing course , and had noble dreams of working in the burn unit icu at san francisco general hospital . 
 the students were n't used to her yet , and she was a constant source of wonderment for them . 
 i was grateful that college students were slightly more mature than high school students , and at least the relentless teasing that used to bring her home in tears had stopped . 
 well , mostly stopped . 
 she had run into a group of frat boys once that had acted like they ran the school ... and were still thirteen . 
 i 'd received a tearful phone call after the encounter , and spent the night comforting her with a quart of haagen-dazs . 
 maybe i 'd sic my vamp on the frats ? 
 surely he had no compunction about a ** holes . 
 i briefly considered telling my family about teren , about what he really was . 
 ash would think it was cool ... she was n't one to chide anyone on being different . 
 mom ... would act like a mom though , and panic about me dating a man who , like some rabid dog , could turn on me at any moment and drain me dry . 
 i was pretty sure teren would never do that . 
 but i 'd never be able to convince mom , and she 'd only see his vampirism after that , not the amazing , smart , funny , brilliant man that he also was . 
 i decided that maybe i 'd tell ashley later , but we 'd have to keep it a secret from mom . 
 much like the time i 'd dated a member of hell 's angels . 
 at the time , he 'd been thirty-five , covered head to toe in tattoos , and had some questionable extracurricular activities . 
 like i said , i had made some poor choices in college . 
 at the end of the evening , i gave my mom a big hug , and she rubbed my back and told me to be safe in the generic way that i knew meant , i love you too much to handle anything happening to you , so lock every door , never go outside after dark , and do n't eat the unlabeled tin can in the very back of your pantry . 
 i hugged her back and wished her well , then turned to ashley and gave her an even bigger hug , and a big wet kiss on her bare scalp . 
 `` oops , i almost forgot . '' 
 i gave her one more hug and a kiss . 
 `` that 's from trace , she misses you . '' 
 `` oh , she 's so nice . 
 tell her we 'll get together soon , maybe next week . '' 
 she kissed my cheek and then grabbed mom 's hand and walked stiffly from the cafe . 
 i lingered a few steps behind them , watching the amazingly strong women of my family . 
 that thought brought up thoughts of my upcoming weekend . 
 i had n't mentioned it to mom or ashley . 
 i 'd tell them later ... after i 'd survived meeting the amazingly , and supernaturally , strong women of teren 's family . 
 teren had his meeting the next evening , so when i got home from my second kickboxing class of the week , after a long day of clarice scolding me for not exactly lining up the corners of the pages i 'd copied before stapling them -lrb- she was a little ocd -rrb- , i drew a nice warm bubble bath and picked up a nice long book-an anne rice novel , no less . 
 i may have lied about the whole vampire fantasy thing . 
 i did not lie about the disinclination towards pain though , and biting was still a no-no . 
 the next morning , i felt refreshed and recharged-and lusty as all get out for some vamp loving . 
 it made the day go by achingly slowly , but it had been two days since i 'd seen him , and i missed him . 
 the jet-black hair that set off his startlingly pale blue eyes , the just right fitness of his athletic frame , the strong capable hands , the set of his stubbly jaw , the smell of his cologne , the curl of his full lips as he smiled at me ... and yes , even his pointy fangs , that he so very rarely let me see . 
 by the end of the day i was a little riled up , so i had tracey cover for me and snuck out of work thirty minutes early . 
 teren usually left , and started , work an hour before i did , so i was n't too worried that he would n't be home . 
 maybe i 'd even catch him in the shower . 
 geeze , i really had missed him . 
 i pulled into his drive and wondered if he 'd heard me . 
 if he did , he did n't come out . 
 maybe since he thought i was at work , he assumed i was a neighbor pulling into their drive . 
 i approached his door and , since i felt like after we 'd been intimate , i had the right to-and honestly since i was a little anxious to be intimate again-i opened it as i was knocking on it . 
 `` teren ? '' 
 the house sounded empty as my voice bounced back to me . 
 `` come on in . 
 i 'll be there in a minute . '' 
 his voice was calling to me from a distance . 
 he had heard me and responded , but i still did n't know where he was . 
 i took a couple steps into the entryway and closed the heavy door behind me . 
 the wrought iron and glass door had matching windows on both sides of it , and there were solid looking brass pots before them that were holding sculpted , three-foot-high mini trees . 
 if teren ever strung lights on them , the light would show through the windows and the effect from the outside would be quite pretty . 
 i put my jacket and purse in the closet to my right and wondered where my boyfriend was in this large spread he called a home . 
 an archway to my left led to a formal dining room with a massive mahogany table , complete with six intricately carved high-backed chairs . 
 the chairs at the head and foot of the table had padded arm rests , and sitting in them made you feel like the king or queen of this tiny fiefdom . 
 continuing on through that room led you to the kitchen . 
 an archway on my right led to a smaller room with a baby grand piano tucked in the corner . 
 teren did n't play , i 'd asked , so i was n't sure why he had one . 
 maybe someone else in his family did . 
 i was n't too excited about the fact that some vampire in his family frequented so often , that he had brought in special furniture to appease them . 
 or maybe a house this large was just expected to have one ... like an extra bathroom or something , it was just built right into the floor plan . 
 i decided to go straight through the entry way , or was it a foyer in a house this size ? 
 it did have a chandelier swinging high above me in the vaulted ceiling . 
 anyway , i walked straight through the room -lrb- passing the first of his four bathrooms -rrb- into the living room . 
 the west wall of the living room was glass and all you could see was the ocean , you could even just make out the golden gate bridge through the very right window . 
 the sunsets from this room were spectacular . 
 in the middle of the glass wall was a sliding door that led to the backyard . 
 the slider was designed in such a way that it seamlessly matched the windows , and until you saw it opened , you would n't even realize it was a door . 
 teren 's house was on a slope and you could n't actually see his yard unless you went outside and looked off the decked patio . 
 there were a couple of chaise lounge chairs out there , for relaxing , and a six-foot long metal table , with a set of matching , padded swiveling chairs , making a comfortable spot for an evening meal while enjoying the amazing view . 
 maybe we 'd eat outside tonight ? 
 not wanting to search for him , since he knew i was here and he 'd find me , i sat on his long , leather couch to wait . 
 i looked over at the spiral staircase in the corner of his living room that led to a loft upstairs that he used as his office . 
 i wondered if he was up there , working late on an article . 
 his office was positioned over the kitchen and it had bookcases that lined the far wall and looked down into the living room . 
 following the wall of bookcases took you to another glass wall , with a slider that led to a second-story patio that slightly overhung the first , creating a nice shaded spot on the table below . 
 that patio had a couple more chaise loungers for sunbathing . 
 that 's right , my vamp liked to sunbathe . 
 as my eyes were still on his office above me , teren surprised me by coming in through the living room slider . 
 he was still in his nice work clothes-light khakis with a black leather belt , matching black dress shoes and a crisp , navy blue shirt that looked amazing against his dark hair and tan skin . 
 they 'd look even more amazing , crumpled on the floor next to his king-size bed . 
 but i was too entranced by what he was holding , to tackle him like i 'd wanted to all day . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 he lifted up what he was holding . 
 `` it 's dinner . '' 
 `` it 's a chicken . '' 
 his smile widened . 
 `` yes ... we 're having chicken for dinner . '' 
 `` it 's alive . '' 
 the small , white chicken clucked stupidly at me in the mesh cage teren was holding up . 
 teren twisted his lips and walked through the open space in the wall that led into the kitchen . 
 insanely curious , i followed him . 
 he set the cage down on a granite island in the center of the spacious area . 
 he looked up at me with his lips still pursed . 
 `` this is how i prefer to buy them . 
 i picked one up last night after my meeting . '' 
 i was fascinated . 
 i did n't even know there were stores where you could `` pick-up '' live chickens . 
 this city really did have everything . 
 he was still looking at me oddly and i finally realized why he bought them alive . 
 `` oooooohhhh . 
 you 're gon na ... '' i pointed at the doomed chicken and he nodded . 
 `` you 're not usually here for this part ... you 're early . '' 
 he seemed a little disappointed , like he 'd have to forgo his snack or something . 
 i crossed my arms over my chest and leaned back against the counter . 
 `` do n't stop on my account ... go ahead . '' 
 he furrowed his brow at me . 
 `` are you sure ? 
 you might think of me differently after you see this . 
 it 's not the sort of thing you can un-see . '' 
 he pointed over his shoulder with his thumb . 
 `` i could go somewhere else . 
 you do n't have to watch . '' 
 i shook my head and smiled . 
 `` i want to see all of the different pieces of you ... and this is a pretty big piece . '' 
 i made a go-ahead motion with my fingers . 
 `` go on ... just do n't spoil your dinner . '' 
 he rolled his eyes and then smiled with just one edge of his lip . 
 it was a cocky , self-assured look that made my heart speed up a little . 
 then he opened his mouth a little wider and his fangs snapped down into place right before my eyes-my heart sped up a lot . 
 i wondered if he could hear that , but got distracted by the thought from him opening the cage door . 
 the stupid chicken did n't move , other than to flick its head rapidly here and there . 
 what it was looking at , i had no idea , for it certainly was unaware of the danger approaching from behind it . 
 i had a sudden , strong desire to shout at the dumb animal - `` do n't you know that death is stalking you ? 
 run ! '' 
 i watched in silence though , too fascinated with the hunter versus prey scenario playing out before me , to make a peep . 
 i held my breath at what the poor chicken did n't know was coming , but i did . 
 then , lightning-quick , teren grabbed the chicken and sunk his teeth into its neck ; it feebly clucked once . 
 he drained it in three seconds . 
 i counted . 
 i did n't breathe for any of those three seconds . 
 he pulled the chicken away from his mouth and set the lifeless carcass on a chopping block set on the counter . 
 he wiped just a spot of blood from his lip and stared at the dead beast . 
 then , very slowly , he turned his head to face me . 
 he looked very worried . 
 `` that was ... '' i struggled for the words to summarize just what i was feeling at that moment , '' ... kind of hot . '' 
 he blinked at me . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` yeah , i know ... right ? 
 i 'm a little surprised too ... but , yeah , that kind of turned me on . '' 
 he gaped at me as he slowly moved his head back and forth . 
 `` you 're so weird , '' he said , as his fangs retracted back to wherever they went when they were hiding . 
 `` said the vampire who just drained our dinner , '' i wryly replied . 
 `` touche , '' he laughed . 
 a burner on the stove had a large pot of water sitting on top of it , and he turned the knob to hot . 
 i stepped over to where he was now washing his hands , of all things . 
 `` you did that so fast . '' 
 drying his hands on a towel , he gave me a serious look . 
 `` there is no point in needless suffering . 
 i 'm not cruel . '' 
 still morbidly curious , i asked , `` how long would it take to drain a human ? '' 
 his jaw clenched and he frowned at my question . 
 `` i will never drain a human . '' 
 i shook my head and brushed aside his concern with my hand . 
 `` just in theory ... how long ? '' 
 he looked at me a long time before answering . 
 `` i 've heard it can be done in seven seconds . '' 
 holy ... dang ... `` wow ... you 'd never even know what hit you . '' 
 he looked over at the chicken , almost like he now felt sorry for it . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 wanting to lighten his mood , and perhaps actually being serious with my request , i playfully tossed out , `` will you drain my boss ? '' 
 his head snapped back to mine and the corners of his lips lifted . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i slipped my arms around his neck and , relaxing , he curled his around my waist . 
 `` the shrew i work for . 
 just a smidge . 
 just enough to knock her on her ass for a few days . '' 
 he kissed my nose . 
 `` no . '' 
 i ran my hands suggestively down his shirt , and then started un-tucking it . 
 `` i 'd be most ... appreciative . '' 
 he laughed as he watched my hands pull up the fabric . 
 `` are you offering yourself to me , if i suck on your boss ? '' 
 i husked out a laugh and kissed his neck . 
 `` hmmmm ... is it working ? '' 
 he pushed me back and stopped my hands from unbuttoning his shirt ; his grin was wide . 
 `` no ... i 'd rather go back to abstaining . '' 
 i smacked his chest . 
 `` some vampire you are . 
 i ca n't even get you to nibble on a human for some lovin ' . '' 
 i shook my head and dramatically sighed . 
 `` what is the supernatural world coming to ? '' 
 teren laughed and walked over to the chicken . 
 `` you should be grateful i 'm not more inclined to ` nibble on humans , ' as you put it . '' 
 holding the feet with a silicone pot holder , he immersed it in the boiling water for a few seconds , then set it back on the counter . 
 when it cooled enough , he grabbed a leg and started removing feathers . 
 my stomach churned at the sight . 
 `` ugh , see-ya . 
 i 'll be in the living room . '' 
 he stopped his hands to look over at me . 
 pointing at the chicken carcass he was plucking , he said , `` this ... this makes you squeamish ? '' 
 i pointed to the feathers in his hand . 
 `` yes . 
 that ... that is gross . '' 
 he was chuckling at me as i turned the corner into his magnificent living room and plopped onto his super soft couch . 
 he finished preparing the chicken and then brought us out a glass of wine-blood red , of course-to enjoy while the bird cooked . 
 we snuggled on the sofa and talked over our couple days apart while we sipped our drinks . 
 he talked about his meeting , and how impressed his boss was with his last article-a feature on how to enjoy the city on a tight budget , which , as i looked around his incredible home , made me wonder how he 'd known what to write about . 
 i did n't think he had to `` budget '' for anything . 
 i told him about my mom and sister wanting to meet him and he gave me an anytime you 're ready look . 
 that brought the conversation around to this weekend , and meeting his parents . 
 we decided ... well , he decided and i grudgingly agreed , that he would pick me up at my place after work friday night . 
 i had a feeling he was mainly picking me up , just so i would n't bail on the whole event . 
 he said he could make the sixty mile drive in forty-five minutes , if we hit the traffic just right , so we 'd be arriving just in time for dinner . 
 i did n't know what unsettled me more-how fast we 'd be going to get there so quickly , or the getting there just in time for dinner part . 
 was that arriving in time to join his family for a meal , or arriving in time to be the meal ? 
 the majority of my brain really was n't worried about his family killing me ... after all , he was right , that would be a pretty rude way to meet your son 's girlfriend . 
 but i 'm only human , and there is an intrinsic fear of knowingly walking into a predator 's den . 
 like the fear you get when you go to the zoo , and the only thing separating you from the field where the lionesses are basking in the sun , is some vegetation , a ditch and a short fence . 
 i do n't know , but i 'm pretty sure , given the proper incentive , that really would n't pose as much of an obstacle as the zookeepers would have us believe . 
 we finalized our plans and talked over some details , like , they have a pool , so bring your suit . 
 then we ate our roasted chicken on the patio and watched the sun set , the burnished reds and oranges rippled across the sky and reflected in the water below it . 
 when we were full and satisfied , teren proceeded to satisfy my other hungers as well ... and i 'd been right-his very nice dress clothes looked much , much better crumpled up along with mine beside his very spacious and luxurious bed . 
 <br/> i wiped some tears from my eyes . 
 `` yeah , i just got the name ... adams . '' 
 his expression shifted to blankness . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` your family name is adams . '' 
 i started laughing again . 
 he was looking at me like maybe he should have packed a straightjacket , and i laughed even harder . 
 i pointed back at the sign . 
 `` the addams family . '' 
 he sighed and shook his head at me as i kept right on laughing . 
 `` oh yeah ... this should be interesting , '' he muttered . 
 my laughter died down as the bumpy road opened out into a parking area as large as the lot of our local grocery store . 
 he pulled right up to the front of the house , next to a sports car of european design , a black luxury sedan , a simple two-door coupe , and an oversized 4x4 truck . 
 i could only stare in awe , mixed with a trace of horror , at his parents ' home . 
 it was massive . 
 it was impressive . 
 it was as close to a castle as modern vampires in california could get . 
 the ranch was a couple miles from the base of mount diablo , nestled among the rolling foothills . 
 green trees dotted the valleys between the hills , and tan grass hugged each hill like a second skin . 
 white wooden fences separated different areas of the pastures , and cows of various colors were standing or lying in the fields , enjoying the last minutes of daylight . 
 the drive inclined to the top of one of the larger foothills and the main house sat atop it . 
 the house was an interesting mix of ancient and new . 
 the upper half of the walls were white plaster and stucco , and the lower half looked like someone had painstakingly pressed individual river rocks of varying sizes right into the home , creating a perfect wall of stone . 
 the roof was red spanish tile and gleamed in the fading light of the setting sun . 
 the ranch consisted of three buildings , forming a u-shape around what i would bet money on was the pool in the back . 
 the center dwelling was a huge two-story building that was maybe twice the size of teren 's place . 
 at the top of the home , in the center , the roof was raised , maybe twenty feet above the roof around it . 
 there did n't appear to be anything up there , just an empty space , like a covered patio on top of the roof , but i swear , if these were medieval times , that was where the belfry would be . 
 huge one hundred-year-old timber , stained in warm honey , supported a thirty foot overhang in front of the main doors , which were also in warm honeyed wood . 
 the two buildings on either side were long and narrow with low , red roofs . 
 the buildings were all connected by covered breezeways with graceful , open arches formed into the sides of the stucco walls . 
 spacious windows were placed everywhere along the home , the warm light from inside glowing in welcome to us , as if they were trying to calm my nerves along with teren , who placed his hand upon mine on my lap . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 he asked softly , with a smile on his lips . 
 `` no . '' 
 i shook my head at him and looked back at the intimidating house . 
 `` you said your family had a ranch , you did n't say they were the rockefellers of ranching . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` i would n't exactly go that far , but we do all right . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` should we honk or something ? 
 it probably takes ten minutes to get to the door . '' 
 he looked down and smiled . 
 `` no . 
 they know i 'm here . '' 
 he leaned over to me and pointed to the front door . 
 `` my mom is pacing the entryway , waiting for us to stop talking out here and come in the house . '' 
 he pointed over to a corner of the main house . 
 `` my grandmother is in there , finishing up dinner . '' 
 he pointed down to what must be a basement level . 
 `` my great-grandmother is down there . 
 she 'll be up in a few minutes . '' 
 i stared at him with what had to be the blankest expression on my face . 
 how could he possibly know all that ? 
 seeing my face , he explained . 
 `` we can all sense each other . 
 usually , it 's just a vague feeling of ` he 's in that direction ' , but the closer we get to each other , the more pronounced it is . 
 while we 're staying here , i 'll know exactly where they are at all times . '' 
 i did n't even know what to say to that . 
 `` just when i think you ca n't get any odder . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` yeah ... inconvenient at times , too . 
 it was impossible to sneak out as a kid , and do n't think i did n't try . '' 
 i laughed with him , my nerves slightly calmed at hearing a childhood anecdote . 
 it made him seem more like me . 
 `` what about your dad ? 
 can you sense him ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` no . 
 he 's pure human , like you , so i have no idea where he is . 
 knowing him though , he 's probably near my mom . 
 they 're kind of inseparable . '' 
 i smiled and squeezed his hand . 
 `` oh , that 's so sweet . 
 still in love after so long together . '' 
 `` yeah , we vamps tend to ... stick to what we like . '' 
 smiling , he leaned in to kiss my cheek . 
 `` we should go inside and say hi . 
 my mom 's about to come out here and get us . '' 
 i looked back at the door , slightly alarmed . 
 `` oh , can you sense her ... intentions ? '' 
 laughing , he moved to open his door . 
 `` no , i just know my mom . '' 
 he opened his door while i stared at the behemoth of a home ahead of me . 
 i felt like i was entranced by the massive , iron banded double doors looming before me . 
 i could n't stop staring . 
 i could n't get out of the car . 
 i could n't move . 
 teren 's hand caressed my cheek and i started , looking up at him standing in front of my now open car door . 
 his eyes were glowing slightly as the sky around us darkened ; without the city lights to mask it , the glow was quite perceptible to me , and i felt myself relaxing into the white depths . 
 i stood without realizing it and he took my hand and pulled me away from the car . 
 still staring into his eyes , in a trancelike state , i calmly followed him up the granite steps that led to the timbered overhang . 
 we passed some lights attached to the heavy wooden supports and his eyes returned to normal , their enchanting hold on me momentarily broken . 
 i blinked and looked around at the massive covered entrance to the front doors . 
 heavy , wooden support beams showed through the underside . 
 there were tiny lights wrapped around them , twinkling in the approaching darkness . 
 i stopped walking and looked over at teren ; he was eyeing me with a curious expression . 
 i smacked his arm in irritation . 
 `` do n't do that to me . '' 
 he laughed and backed up a step . 
 `` i told you i could n't turn it off , and it was calming you down , so i just let you feel mellow . 
 would n't you rather have it that way ? '' 
 i smacked his arm again . 
 `` no ! 
 it 's designed to make your prey feel mellow . '' 
 i pointed at myself . 
 `` i 'm not prey . 
 i do n't want to mellowly walk into certain death ! '' 
 i clamped my hand over my mouth as i realized that we were only twenty feet or so from the front door-from his mother . 
 his mother with the vampire-acute hearing . 
 he laughed again and grabbed my hand , pulling me the rest of the way to the door . 
 he raised his hand to knock , but the doors swung inward before he even had a chance . 
 a blurring flurry of arms and hair encircled him and i stepped away ; a surge of fear sliced through me at the suddenness of the movement . 
 `` mom , '' he muttered , sounding very much like an average human guy embarrassed by his mother 's over-the-top affections . 
 `` sorry . 
 you 've just been gone so long and ... we worry . '' 
 his mother pulled away from him and i felt my mouth opening in surprise . 
 i took another step away from them and tried to process what i was seeing . 
 she was beautiful , but i had been expecting that-teren was unbelievably attractive . 
 she had long , black hair that , except for the two pieces in the front braided down the back , flowed around her with a life of its own . 
 her eyes were the same pale shade of blue as her son 's and her skin had the olive tone of someone who did n't quite tan , but spent a lot of time outdoors . 
 she wore deep blue jeans with a green and blue checked button-up shirt tucked into them . 
 she looked very much the picture of a rancher 's wife . 
 that was n't what had me gaping though . 
 it was her face-her flawless , lineless , perfect face . 
 she looked no older than teren ; she could have been his sister and not his mother . 
 i suppose it should n't have shocked me , given the fact that she was even less human than teren , but it did . 
 i was sure , as that perfect face turned to regard me , that i looked a lot like a deer caught in headlights . 
 that thought did not thrill me , as i considered how appetizing that look probably was to her . 
 i forced my mouth closed and jerked the corners of my lips up into a tight smile . 
 as she pulled away from teren , an older man approached her from behind . 
 placing a hand upon her lower back , he reached his other out to teren . 
 `` hi , dad , '' teren said warmly as he clasped his hand and then gave him a swift hug . 
 teren 's dad surprised me too . 
 he was a tall , middle-aged man with dark brown hair , speckled with gray , and intelligent brown eyes . 
 he was attractive in a distinguished way , but he really looked nothing like teren . 
 it would seem that more than just vampirism was passed along by teren 's mother ; teren looked just like her . 
 teren 's father pulled away from his son and joined his wife in studying me . 
 he was still a big , strong-looking man with a sturdy frame and a mostly-still-fit body , although his stomach had a slight paunchiness to it . 
 he wore faded jeans with a basic blue shirt tucked inside , and a belt buckle the size of my fist . 
 he looked very much the role of a successful rancher . 
 the older man and his impossibly young looking wife , waited patiently for teren , who slipped his arm around my waist and introduced me . 
 `` mom , dad ... this is emma taylor . 
 emma , these are my parents , jack and alanna . '' 
 `` hello , '' i said quietly as they both looked at each other for a second . 
 then alanna 's arms were around me and she was hugging me tight . 
 she was cool to the touch and a shiver went down my spine . 
 i worried , for just the slightest second , that she was inhaling me and imagining sinking her teeth into the exposed area of my neck . 
 i instantly berated myself for pulling my hair up into a ponytail before we left . 
 i quickly dismissed the concern though . 
 if she was thinking that , i could n't stop her , but i was pretty sure she would n't take it any further than a thought with her son standing right beside her , so , no point in worrying about it . 
 alanna pulled back to gaze at me with that flawless , young face and her pale eyes danced with un-concealable merriment . 
 `` we 're so happy to meet you , emma , '' she gushed , as she clutched my upper arms . 
 she swooshed a hand behind her at the open front doors . 
 `` please come in and make yourself at home . '' 
 i murmured a thank you and glanced at teren ; he was beaming at me . 
 he nodded his head in encouragement , clapped his dad on the shoulder , and entered the house . 
 his mother wrapped both of her arms around one of mine and ushered me into the house after them . 
 it was not the vampiric ranch house i 'd been imagining . 
 it was idyllically beautiful-classic , but modern . 
 the large entryway was as big as teren 's living room and the focal point of the room was a marble statue of a nak * d woman in the center . 
 looking at it more closely , i could see it was n't just a statue , it was a fountain , only the water was coming from the woman 's eyes and flowing down her body to the basin she was standing in . 
 it was breathtaking . 
 alanna pulled me past it , and i gazed at the numerous paintings of californian vistas on the walls . 
 most were rolling hills , or mountain ranges with cattle in the foreground , but the most impressive piece was on the far side of the magnificent statue . 
 it was a huge painting , taking up almost the entire wall , depicting a glorious sunrise , or perhaps it was a sunset ? 
 either way , there was a longing in the painting that pulled at my heartstrings . 
 we walked past the painting , following teren and his father , jack , as they talked animatedly over something . 
 i thought i heard fishing and baseball , and figured his dad was probably pleased as punch to have a little testosterone back in his house overflowing with women ... vampire women . 
 alanna 's chilly hand patted my arm . 
 `` we have a beautiful room made up for the two of you upstairs . 
 mom ... well , teren 's grandmother , is finishing up a wonderful dinner , so i hope you 're hungry . '' 
 she gave me a charming smile , but i could n't help but wonder about this dinner again . 
 did she eat regular food , like her twin-like son ? 
 what exactly would they be serving us ? 
 `` yes , i 'm starving . 
 thank you , '' i said politely . 
 she rubbed my arm again as we walked through a hallway with worn , wooden floors and even more paintings . 
 i was a little disappointed to not see any dark , mythical art . 
 no bram stoker reenactments of virgins being devoured by hungry beasts . 
 no bats dangling from high steeples , blood dripping from their tiny fangs . 
 no graveyards drenched in moonlight with a chalky , white hand reaching up out of the grass . 
 no , nothing dark or sinister at all in the decor . 
 it was very warm and friendly and inviting . 
 on second thought ... i was n't disappointed at all . 
 i was feeling more at ease in this warm home , both because of teren 's musical laughter drifting back to me and alanna 's reassuring pats on my arm , like i was a frightened animal that needed constant encouragement ... and maybe i did . 
 then we stepped into the formal dining room . 
 i 'd nearly forgotten that i 'd only met one of the female vampires in the house . 
 i remembered immediately , when i saw the next one . 
 she was setting the table with fine china , crystal wine goblets and gold silverware , so her back was to me . 
 she knew we were there though , thanks to the odd blood connection that all the adams vamps seemed to share , and she immediately turned to face us . 
 i felt my jaw drop again . 
 she could have been teren and alanna 's twin sister ... or would that be triplet ? 
 whatever the technical term , she looked strikingly like teren and an almost carbon copy of alanna . 
 she was wearing a long skirt with a neat , white blouse tucked into it , and her long , black hair was done up into a loose bun at the nape of her neck . 
 her eyes were the exact same shade of blue as the others , her skin , a pale ivory , and her face ... was young and beautiful and no older than teren 's . 
 i had to remind myself that this woman was his grandmother . 
 i forcibly shut my mouth again as teren walked over . 
 extraditing me from his mother 's grasp , he introduced me to his grandmother . 
 `` gran , this is emma . 
 emma , this is my grandmother , imogen teren . '' 
 i blinked at her name and looked back at him . 
 `` teren ? '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` when mom married dad , the family name changed to adams . 
 they wanted to keep the old family name alive somehow , to honor my grandfather , so they named me teren . '' 
 i smiled at the warmth in that . 
 `` oh , that 's really beautiful . '' 
 i turned back to imogen and she gave me a soft hug ; her body was as cool to the touch as alanna 's . 
 `` hello , '' i said as i gently patted her cold back . 
 she seemed no older than me , but for some reason , she had that grandmotherly vibe and i felt almost instantly relaxed in her presence . 
 she pulled back and looked at me with her deceptively bright eyes . 
 `` hello , child . 
 we 're so happy to meet you . '' 
 she looked over at teren and raised an eyebrow . 
 teren coughed once . 
 `` yes , well ... she 's here now ... so ... maybe we could eat . '' 
 he looked at the floor and stomped once . 
 `` if someone would stop hiding . '' 
 instantly , a figure blew into the room . 
 `` i was not hiding . 
 it was n't perfectly dark yet . '' 
 `` it 's been dark for three minutes , forty-five seconds and you know that . 
 you were hiding . '' 
 `` i was making an entrance . 
 there 's a difference , boy . '' 
 i think my mouth was scraping the floor . 
 before me was a one hundred percent , pure vampire and i could feel her very presence across my skin . 
 there was an instinctual warning ringing through every cell in my body to run . 
 i felt like that stupid chicken that teren had drained in his kitchen . 
 too dumb to know how dangerous a position it was in , until it was too late . 
 if teren had n't come over to put an arm around me , i probably would have bolted , screaming foolishly all the way back to the car . 
 as it was , it took a conscious decision to stay in the room with her . 
 i clutched teren 's arm hard and he looked down and gently squeezed me . 
 `` emma , this is my great-grandmother , halina . 
 great-gran this is emma . '' 
 he nudged me a little , like he wanted me to hug her too , but i clung close to his side . 
 halina was also a spitting image of teren and the others , or i suppose , they were recreations of her , since she was the first . 
 her jet-black hair was long , well past the middle of her back , and was wild and free around her body . 
 her eyes were an ice cold blue and her skin was snow white , like it had never seen the light of day . 
 she cocked her head as she regarded me and a slight smile touched her lips , like she was enjoying my obvious unease at her presence . 
 her body was lithe and graceful as she strolled towards me . 
 she wore a tight , deep blue fitted dress that left none of her curves to the imagination . 
 it was not the sort of thing you 'd expect to see on a woman who , if she were human , would probably be approaching the centenarian age . 
 of course , her face also looked nothing like a woman of her age . 
 she was the youngest looking woman in the room , maybe twenty , if even that . 
 her deceptive youth did not match the intelligence in her eyes , or the worldliness of her soft smile . 
 as she walked around teren and me , she lightly trailed a finger along our bodies . 
 against my will , i shivered at her icy touch . 
 `` she 's a pretty one , teren . 
 she 'll do quite well . '' 
 i had no idea what she meant by that and i started shivering even more . 
 it was embarrassing how much i was shaking , but i could n't stop doing it . 
 teren slipped both his arms around me . 
 `` just ignore her . 
 she 's all bark ... no bite . '' 
 he glared at her , as she finished her circle around us . 
 she smiled . 
 `` no bite ? '' 
 her fangs slid instantly into place and i gasped and backed up a step . 
 `` i know a few who would disagree . '' 
 `` mother ! 
 that 's quite enough . 
 you 're scaring her ... be nice . '' 
 halina turned to face her daughter , imogen . 
 `` fine . '' 
 she exaggerated a deep sigh and then turned back to me . 
 `` welcome to our home . 
 we 're very happy you 're here . '' 
 her tone was polite , even warm , but her fangs were still extended and it kind of spoiled the sincerity of it . 
 swallowing , i forced composure into myself . 
 i was safe , i was perfectly safe . 
 teren would n't let anything happen to me . 
 `` i 'm going to go get our bags . 
 why do n't you have a seat at the table ? 
 mom could get you some wine ? '' 
 teren smiled as he let go of me . 
 i clutched at him with all the strength i possessed . 
 `` what ? 
 no ... stay here . '' 
 i lowered my voice to where even i could n't really hear it . 
 `` do n't leave me alone in here with them . '' 
 `` oh , honey , you 're fine here . 
 do n't mind halina , no one will harm you . '' 
 alanna , obviously having heard my near-imperceptible speech , which meant all the vampires had , came up to me and swept her arms around my shoulders . 
 `` i 'll get you some wine , dear , '' imogen added , walking over to a wall-sized wine rack and picking out a deep red one . 
 halina crossed her pale arms over her chest and leaned against the table , laughing heartily ... at me . 
 teren scowled at her and then kissed my forehead . 
 `` i 'll be back in a minute . 
 you 'll be fine , '' he whispered in my ear , before he kissed it . 
 reluctantly , i watched him leave . 
 i frowned when his father left with him , and not just because the only other pure human had left , but also because , if he was walking with teren , then teren could n't do his super-speedy thing , and at the moment , i 'd rather have him back at my side in mere seconds . 
 i could hear their continued joyous conversation down the hall and i gulped as i turned back to where teren 's grandmother was handing me a glass of blood red wine . 
 `` thank you , imogen , '' i said politely as i immediately took a long draw . 
 the young-faced woman patted my arm . 
 `` call me gran . 
 you 're practically family . '' 
 the joy on her face was strange to me , but i ignored it as she led me to an intricately carved , solid oak chair at the most impressive oak table i 'd ever seen . 
 she plopped me in the chair and went back to the kitchen , which i could see through the archway in the wall separating the two rooms . 
 `` would you like anything else , dear ? '' 
 alanna asked as she hovered at my side , looking like an anxious hostess eager to calm her spooked guest . 
 i smiled at the remembered warmth of her greeting and the sincerity in her excited eyes . 
 `` no , i 'm fine . 
 thank you . '' 
 `` all right . 
 i 'd better help mom in the kitchen . '' 
 she glanced at halina , who was casually sliding into the chair directly across from me . 
 `` i 'll be in the next room if you need anything , sweetheart . '' 
 her voice carried a clear warning to the eldest vampire to behave . 
 then , with a reassuring pat on my shoulder , alanna left me alone with the one vampire that kind of freaked me out . 
 halina leaned forward and put her head in her youthful hands . 
 `` they worry too much , do n't you think ? '' 
 she smiled , and it pleased me a tad that her fangs were gone . 
 `` it 's not like i 'm going to nibble on you , since teren 's claimed you . '' 
 she rolled her eyes . 
 `` like i would do that to my great-grandson . '' 
 she gave me a very pointed look . 
 `` you 're too important , anyway . '' 
 `` important ? '' 
 i asked , taken aback by her strange word choice . 
 she ignored my question and stretched her hand out to stroke my arm . 
 i made an effort to not jerk my body away from her cold touch . 
 after all , she had just said that she was n't going to ... nibble on me . 
 what did she mean by important though ? 
 and what exactly did `` teren claimed you '' mean ? 
 i did n't like the idea of being referred to as property . 
 i had a million questions for this pure vampire in front of me , but not nearly enough wine in my system to ask them . 
 i gulped from my goblet in silence as she regarded me with her timeless blue eyes . 
 our silent stare down lasted until teren and jack reentered the room . 
 halina smiled warmly at teren , and he cocked an eyebrow at her . 
 she smiled even wider , but said nothing . 
 i scrunched my brow again , feeling like i was missing an entire conversation . 
 teren turned to me and smiled as he sat beside me . 
 `` i put our things away . 
 we 're in a guest room at the end of the hall upstairs . '' 
 he gestured with his head somewhere above us . 
 i discreetly looked around , but halina was having a quiet conversation with jack , and i figured all the vampires were otherwise occupied . 
 `` are we really allowed to ... share a bed ? '' 
 i asked him as softly as i could . 
 not even my mom would allow that to happen under her roof . 
 not that she was old fashioned or anything , but still , a certain ... decorum was expected . 
 before teren could respond , halina turned her head and answered me . 
 `` we practically insist on it , my dear . '' 
 teren shot her a look and she smiled . 
 `` you are lovers ... are you not ? '' 
 i instantly flushed and stared at the table . 
 teren ignored her and answered my question . 
 `` they are okay with us staying together , but if you 're uncomfortable , i can sleep in another guest room . '' 
 `` do n't be silly . 
 of course you two will room together . '' 
 his mother beamed at us as she entered the room with his grandmother . 
 `` we 're not strict on that sort of thing here . 
 you may do ... whatever you like while you 're under our roof . '' 
 i suddenly wished i 'd never brought it up in this house of super-acute hearing . 
 i made a mental note to not bring up any more delicate topics until we were miles away from here . 
 teren cleared his throat and grabbed my hand , looking a little flushed himself . 
 `` okay , now that we 've all discussed that ... '' his father laughed and clapped teren 's back as he sat at the head of the table , to my left . 
 imogen sat next to her mother , halina , across from me . 
 alanna squeezed my shoulder . 
 `` dinner 's ready , '' she said in a bright voice . 
 my stomach clenched . 
 forcing a calm breath , i pushed back my chair . 
 `` here , let me help you , alanna . '' 
 she patted my arm . 
 `` you can call me mom , dear , and you 're a guest , you just sit back , relax and let me take care of everything . '' 
 with one hand , she shoved my chair back under the table and my eyes widened at her strength . 
 `` okay ... i 'll just sit here then . '' 
 imogen asked teren about work , and they pleasantly talked back and forth for a few minutes , with jack and halina interjecting now and then . 
 alanna blurred back and forth between the kitchen and the dining room , bringing out warm platters piled high with mashed potatoes , green beans , broccoli crowns with almond slivers , and lastly , a tray of perfectly just-cooked-enough steaks . 
 i wondered if the steaks were from one of their cows , but then decided that they must be ; they seemed the self-sufficient lot . 
 after she blindingly fast brought out salt , pepper and full water glasses , she started preparing plates for everyone . 
 i felt a little guilty watching her , knowing that i was perfectly capable of making a plate for myself , but everyone else was letting her serve them without comment or complaint , so i figured it was something she just liked to do . 
 not wanting to be rude , i kept my mouth shut and waited patiently . 
 it smelled incredible and i prayed my stomach did n't rumble while i waited ; even if my gurgling tummy was virtually silent , i knew almost every ear in the room would hear it . 
 alanna handed her husband a heaping plate of food and gave him a warm kiss . 
 `` thank you , dear . '' 
 jack started eating his meal while alanna blurred to teren 's side and started preparing his plate . 
 her speed made me a little nauseous as she , in record time , set a heaping plate in front of teren . 
 alanna gave him a warm kiss on the cheek while rumpling his hair . 
 `` thank you , mom , '' he said , rolling his eyes as he looked over at me . 
 i smiled at his embarrassment while alanna prepared a plate for me just as blazingly fast . 
 i barely had time to hope she did n't pile my plate as high as the boys ' , before she was done . 
 she placed a more respectable sized meal in front of me and gave me a quick , cool kiss on the cheek as well . 
 `` thank you , alann ... mom . '' 
 it felt weird to say that , but she smiled so wide when i did , that i was happy i had . 
 plus , teren gave my hand an affectionate squeeze , so i knew it made him happy as well . 
 alanna blurred into the kitchen and i wondered if she 'd forgotten something . 
 teren dug into his food , elbowing me and nodding at my plate . 
 it felt strange to start eating when only half the table had food , so i picked up my fork and waited for alanna to come back . 
 she returned in a few seconds with a stainless steel coffee carafe . 
 i looked over at teren , but he was focused on his plate and ignoring his mother ; almost studiously ignoring his mother . 
 i watched alanna stop at halina 's side and pour coffee into her glass , which i thought was odd , until i realized that the coffee was red ... and that it was n't coffee . 
 her goblet quickly filled with a thick , steaming , deep-red liquid that could only be blood . 
 my mouth dropped and my stomach tightened . 
 halina sniffed at it , frowned and then took a large gulp . 
 alanna filled imogen 's glass next . 
 imogen smiled warmly at her daughter and took a more reserved sip of her steaming beverage . 
 alanna then turned to teren and filled one for him . 
 he finally looked up at her and nodded a brief thanks , making her beam . 
 she poured a glass for herself , and set the carafe down by halina , before sitting at the foot of the table , on teren 's right . 
 my stomach twisted into a knot . 
 no food then for the vampire women ... just deep-red plasma that even i could smell . 
 it turned my stomach a bit . 
 i watched teren eye his still steaming glass . 
 he seemed to be debating whether or not he should drink it with me sitting right beside him . 
 i had no idea if i wanted him to or not . 
 watching him drain a chicken was one thing , and that had been pretty bloodless . 
 this , watching him down a clear glass of viscous cow blood-and i was really hoping it was from a cow-was quite another thing . 
 he finally cast a quick glance in my direction and reached across his plate for his drink . 
 it did unpleasant things to my already churning stomach , watching him tilt the goblet back to his lips . 
 he took a long draw , swallowing a couple times before pulling the glass away . 
 his fangs had extended when the blood hit his mouth , and they were clearly visible as he closed his eyes and made a deep , soft noise-almost a purr . 
 i tore my gaze away from him and finally noticed the other vampires at the table . 
 every mouth had fangs . 
 every face looked elated . 
 every tongue was red . 
 halina was licking her lips and pouring another glass of warm liquid from the carafe . 
 what happened to me next was n't voluntary . 
 it was pure instinct . 
 fear surged through my body and i could not stay calmly seated at that table , surrounded by creatures higher up on the food chain than me . 
 a tiny part of my brain knew i was n't in danger , but every other single impulse in my head was screaming at me to get the hell out of that house ! 
 i felt like the dumb , busty chick in the horror flick that runs up the stairs , instead of running outside , but i was n't going to be the dumb girl any longer . 
 i was getting out of there . 
 i would run the sixty miles home if need be , but i was finally leaving this family of monsters . 
 i was just about to bolt for the door , and wondering if i could make it against four super-speedies , when a light touch on my arm startled me ; i jumped nearly a foot . 
 `` i just about peed my pants , the first time i sat down and ate with them . 
 you 're doing very well . '' 
 i looked over at my saving grace , the only other human in the room and currently , the only other person without fangs-teren 's dad . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i squeaked . 
 he nodded over to the vampires curiously watching me . 
 i flinched when teren grabbed my hand . 
 `` it 's instinct ... the desire to run . 
 it 's perfectly normal , so do n't feel embarrassed . 
 your body 's just telling you that they 're dangerous . '' 
 he laughed while i tried to swallow with my dry throat . 
 `` which is pretty humorous , since they 're all basically giant kitty cats . '' 
 i gaped at him and then let out a short laugh . 
 the tension eased from me as the knot in my stomach started to loosen and the fear slowly started to leech from my system . 
 teren put his arm around me and kissed my cheek ; his fangs were still out . 
 halina scoffed at jack . 
 `` kitty cats ? '' 
 she hissed at him , baring her sharp teeth . 
 jack laughed at her and i stared at him with a surely bewildered look on my face . 
 that was one woman i would never laugh at . 
 `` do n't even bother you old bat . 
 you do n't scare me anymore . '' 
 she twisted her lips and pointed a finger at him , while looking at me . 
 `` do n't let his bravado fool you . 
 he nearly fainted when he watched how we really feed . '' 
 she flicked her crystal glass with her fingernail , making a musical clink . 
 `` not this dainty , eating at the table crap . '' 
 `` grandma , '' alanna scolded her . 
 `` manners . 
 emma is our guest this weekend and we would like her to visit again sometime . '' 
 halina raised her glass in answer and downed it in one long gulp . 
 she immediately smiled , displaying her red-tinted fangs . 
 <br/> he smiled . 
 `` yeah , i can do that . 
 sorry , i should have been clearer about dinner . '' 
 i stood back up , then leaned over and gave him a light kiss . 
 `` yes ... yes , you should have . '' 
 i awoke early the next morning to a pale shaft of sunlight streaking across my eyes , and the undeniable aroma of bacon wafting through the door , even all the way up here . 
 my stomach let out a loud rumble and i pressed a hand against it . 
 i felt teren laugh beside me and then he raised his jet-black head to gaze at me , blocking the light from my eyes in the process . 
 `` hungry ? '' 
 he asked , as he shifted in bed to turn towards me . 
 i giggled as i massaged my belly . 
 `` i should n't be after that meal last night , but apparently , i am . '' 
 i sighed . 
 my scale was n't going to thank me for this . 
 `` i 'm gon na gain ten pounds hanging around your family this weekend . '' 
 teren stroked my hair in a soothing , repetitive pattern . 
 `` it 's all part of our plan to fatten you up , '' he whispered . 
 my eyes widened and he laughed at the look on my face . 
 `` i 'm just kidding , emma . '' 
 `` funny . '' 
 he smirked . 
 `` your weight does n't change the flavor of your blood anyway . '' 
 offended , i smacked him on the shoulder over and over . 
 he blocked a few hits , but that only made me try and hit him harder . 
 in a defensive move , he brought the bulk of his body over mine . 
 `` would you stop , '' his fangs slid out as he hovered inches from my face , `` hitting me . '' 
 i instantly stopped provoking the vampire above me and held completely still . 
 he cocked his head and stared at me in an inhuman way . 
 then , quicker than perceptible , he lunged for my neck . 
 before i could scream , he clamped onto my skin . 
 as the sound of my terror bubbled up from my chest , i waited for the impending pain of my throat being sliced open . 
 it did n't come . 
 i stopped the approaching wail and struggled through my labored breathing to understand what was happening . 
 it was then that i realized he was only kissing my neck , not sucking me dry . 
 i had felt the tiniest prick of a fang , but he must have retracted them perfectly upon impact with my skin , and only his normal , much less threatening teeth were playfully nipping at my neck . 
 my heart painfully stuttered , and i smacked his shoulder again and pushed him away from me . 
 he gave me an impish grin while i took deep breaths . 
 `` do n't you ever do that again ! 
 you scared the life out of me ! '' 
 grunting , he shook his head . 
 `` do you honestly think i 'd do that ? '' 
 feeling calmer , i shrugged my shoulders . 
 `` you looked pretty convincing ... '' he leaned back in to kiss my neck . 
 `` silly human , '' he breathed across my skin . 
 `` i keep telling you ... i wo n't bite until you ask . '' 
 his lips across my throat were starting to do wonderful things to my body , and my breath quickened again for another reason . 
 `` do n't get your hopes up on that one , '' i muttered , as i closed my eyes and savored the feel of rough stubble , soft lips , and a warm tongue against my very sensitive skin . 
 he shifted his position on top of me and pressed his hardening body against me . 
 i made a soft , satisfied noise at the intimate sensation of our bodies touching each other , and ran my fingers up his bare back . 
 his breath increased as well as he shifted his mouth to mine . 
 a deep noise escaped his throat , thrilling me , and i eagerly kissed him . 
 wrapping my legs around his , i imagined him ripping my silky pajamas off and taking me on this oversized , satin bed . 
 the oversized , satin bed that belonged to his family . 
 his vampire family ... with the uncanny hearing , that right now , was listening in on every moan , lip smack , heavy breath , and squeak of the bed , as if they were standing at the end of said bed . 
 i immediately broke contact and pushed his shoulders back . 
 `` get off , get off , get off ! '' 
 i whispered intensely . 
 he rolled over and looked confused ... and disappointed . 
 `` what ? 
 i was just teasing about the whole neck biting thing . '' 
 i sat up and gathered the sheets around me , like his family was actually in the room . 
 `` i know . 
 that 's not why ... we ca n't ... i am not ... '' i did n't know how to explain it to him , without explaining it to everyone . 
 eventually i just whispered , `` super ears . '' 
 he looked at me confused for a minute more , and then he understood and started laughing . 
 `` emma . '' 
 he could n't say more than that since he was laughing so hard , so i got up and went to the bathroom to take a cold shower . 
 after i had finished with my chilly shower , i went back to the bedroom , where teren was still just lying on the bed . 
 he started laughing again as i approached my bag on the dresser and i scowled at him . 
 he made a concentrated effort to stop laughing and quieted to soft chuckles . 
 eventually , he sighed and held his arms open to me . 
 i ignored him and rummaged through my bag for fresh clothes-faded jeans and a fitted , button-up shirt that looked very ranch-like . 
 teren could pack my bag from now on , i decided , since he was so good at it . 
 not letting me ignore him , he sat up on his knees and blindingly quick , removed my towel . 
 i gasped at the sudden surprise of being nak * d , and at the cooler air swirling around my skin . 
 i modestly tried to cover myself with my hands . 
 `` teren ! '' 
 he lay back on the bed and grinned at me . 
 i could n't even see where the towel went ; he could have put it back in the bathroom and i would n't have seen it , he was so fast . 
 he opened his arms for me again . 
 i did n't ignore him this time . 
 `` no , '' i said firmly . 
 he pouted . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 i threw on my bra and underwear before he could blur them away as well . 
 after i was successful with that , i slid on my jeans . 
 `` i 'm hungry , '' i said , sliding on my shirt . 
 `` so am i. '' he grinned , and i rolled my eyes and pointed to the bathroom . 
 `` go take a shower ... now ! '' 
 this time he rolled his eyes . 
 `` fine . '' 
 i dried my hair and threw on some makeup essentials , mascara and lipstick , while teren took his cooling shower . 
 while he dried off , i lightly curled my hair with the provided curling iron . 
 not only did our fancy guest bathroom have a dual headed shower , a jetted tub , and a private room for the toilet , it came with a fully stocked vanity , complete with a plush , cream-colored , cushioned bench and a three-by-six foot mirror . 
 i just might move into this bathroom , i mused . 
 after toweling off from his shower , teren dressed in his most lived-in pair of jeans with a blue button-up shirt that he left loose over the top of them . 
 the jeans did wonderful things to his backside , and the shirt did wonderful things to his pale blue eyes . 
 he slipped on a pair of work boots and i hoped that somewhere in his bag , he 'd tucked in a cowboy hat ; it just would have completed the outfit . 
 he looked incredibly handsome . 
 this life suited him . 
 hatless , he grabbed my hand and we made our way down the elaborate staircase to the foyer with the nak * d woman statue . 
 we took the hallway to the right that led to the kitchen , and the smells of breakfast made my stomach rumble again . 
 you 'd think i had n't eaten in years by my body 's reaction to the amazing hickory and maple scented bacon that was filling my nose . 
 we walked into the cheery , sunlit room and spotted teren 's dad reading the paper and sipping on a mug of coffee . 
 he looked up at hearing our approach . 
 `` good morning , kids . 
 sleep well ? '' 
 i smiled as teren answered , `` yeah . 
 thanks , dad . '' 
 we sat across the table from him , and just as i was wondering if i should help out in the kitchen , alanna came out with a tray full of food . 
 she set it in the middle of the table and gave me a warm smile . 
 `` good morning , dear . 
 hungry ? '' 
 knowing that every vampire in the house had probably heard my gurgling stomach ... among other things ... made my cheeks heat . 
 i cringed as i answered . 
 `` yes ... thank you . '' 
 alanna looked over at teren with an odd glint in her eye . 
 teren looked away for a second , seeming almost embarrassed , but then he calmly returned her gaze . 
 `` good morning , mother . '' 
 she looked at him for a silent second , flicked a quick glance to me and then back to him . 
 `` good morning , son . '' 
 she smiled brightly and so did teren . 
 alanna blurred back to the kitchen and returned almost instantly with plates , silverware , mugs and glasses . 
 disappearing again , she returned with milk , orange juice and a carafe . 
 i ignored the carafe and eyed the overflowing platter of bacon , scrambled eggs and toast , with my mouth practically watering . 
 jack started helping himself and alanna gave him a swift kiss before blurring out of the room . 
 i figured it was all right to load up our own plates , so i grabbed a spoon resting in the eggs and started piling . 
 teren grabbed the carafe and i tried very hard not to notice . 
 he held it out to me and i glanced at him out of the corner of my eye . 
 `` coffee ? '' 
 he asked , as he grabbed a mug . 
 `` coffee ? '' 
 i asked quietly . 
 he smiled . 
 `` yes ... just coffee this morning . '' 
 i relaxed and nodded as he filled my cup . 
 i wondered where the rest of the vampires were in this huge house as teren set down my steaming mug . 
 i supposed they did n't need to eat breakfast , so there was n't much point in them idly sitting at the table and watching the humans , and the mostly-human , eat regular food . 
 as i watched teren fill his plate with bacon , i wondered why he ate regular food and they did n't appear to . 
 maybe their more vampiric nature just made regular food not taste as good to them . 
 teren certainly appeared to be thoroughly enjoying the slice he 'd popped in his mouth though . 
 i stopped worrying about it and focused on the incredible meal before me . 
 it tasted just fine to this one hundred percent human . 
 once breakfast was out of the way , alanna lickety-split cleared the table . 
 she removed almost everything while i went from a sitting to a standing position . 
 i was instantly a little jealous ; being super-fast was one vampire trait that i really would n't mind having . 
 while she finished cleaning up , teren held his hand out to me , to show me the rest of the expansive home . 
 we walked through the five star kitchen , where alanna was already washing the breakfast dishes . 
 i marveled at the double oven , a walk-in freezer , the ceramic , smooth-top burner-less range on an island in the center of the room , that also had its own sink , and a refrigerator that was built right into the wall and resembled cabinets , until you looked closer and spotted the handles . 
 all the countertops were thick , green-speckled granite and all the wood in the various cabinets and cupboards was a deep mahogany . 
 for a home where only one person appeared to eat , they sure spared no expense on the kitchen . 
 walking through that room , we swung around to the living room that seemed to take up the entire back of the house . 
 a wall of glass on one side of me had french doors that opened up to the foyer and the set of elegant staircases that led to the rooms upstairs . 
 a wall of glass on the other side showed me that my earlier assumption was correct ; a large swimming pool was nestled in-between the three buildings . 
 the living room itself was an homage to a comfortable ski lodge . 
 plush chairs , throw rugs and ottomans were scattered in clusters around the massive room . 
 a couch that looked as if you could live in it was opposite an antique , claw-footed coffee table , scattered with oversized books filled with glossy looking pages featuring ranches around the country . 
 i wondered if this ranch was in one of those books and decided that if it was n't , that was purely by the owner 's choice-this spread was amazing . 
 the couch and coffee table were in front of the single most impressive fireplace i had ever seen in my life . 
 i stopped in front of it and just stared and shook my head at the innate beauty of it . 
 it was large , taking up a good chunk of the wall it was positioned on , and it protruded into the room with a semi-circle ring of stones that commanded attention . 
 but that was pretty standard for a fireplace of its size . 
 what made it intrinsically breathtaking was the flue . 
 it was shaped in a semi-circle , much like the hearth , and , like the outside of the home , river rocks in various sizes and colors were pressed into the wall . 
 while that would have been impressive enough , it was the fact that the rocks were formed into what was clearly a flame design that had me still marveling . 
 `` beautiful , is n't it ? '' 
 teren asked , as he watched me examining every flawlessly placed stone . 
 i nodded as i looked over at him . 
 `` it 's amazing . 
 your parents ' home is pretty ... impressive . '' 
 he smiled nonchalantly and shrugged . 
 `` it 's all right . '' 
 i laughed as he pulled me through the rest of the living room to the other side of the house . 
 he showed me the mandatory `` piano '' room and explained that both his mother and grandmother enjoyed playing . 
 he pulled me through a library packed with leather-bound editions of just about every classic novel the world had ever seen . 
 he showed me the main bathroom downstairs ; it rivaled the penthouse suite bathroom in any five star hotel in california , and , because i was a curious girl , i could n't help but wonder if vampires even needed a bathroom ? 
 next , he showed me the rest of the rooms upstairs , including the oasis his parents called a bedroom . 
 it was about the size of my mother 's entire house , and probably included all the same amenities . 
 everything was cream , gold , burnished reds and oranges . 
 it reminded me of the sunrise painting downstairs . 
 fresh flowers were in every room and spaced evenly along the hallway , so that the entire upper floor smelled of freesia . 
 there was nothing in this home that was n't meticulous and magnificent . 
 at the opposite end of the hallway from our room , teren stopped in front of a closed , heavy-duty , white door . 
 he softly knocked twice . 
 a soft voice replied with something i could n't make out through the thick door , and teren gently opened it . 
 we walked into a spacious room with thick , beaded curtains covering every window . 
 the air was perfumed , and light vibrated and danced by the dozen or so lit candles . 
 i felt like tiptoeing into the near sanctuary of this quiet place . 
 teren 's grandmother was sitting on a padded , antique rocking chair , knitting at lightning speed . 
 she gently rocked herself as she knitted , and the odd mixture of her slow moving feet with her quicker-than-humanly-possible hands was causing some small part of my brain to melt , i was sure . 
 `` good morning , children . '' 
 it was a little disconcerting , to be referred to as a child from someone who looked younger than me , but i ignored it and smiled politely at her . 
 `` good morning , gran , '' teren said . 
 `` i was just showing emma the house . '' 
 not stopping from her work , her young face beamed at her grandson . 
 `` that 's good , dear . 
 you could show her the ranch hand 's home down the road as well , if you like ? 
 no one 's staying there right now . '' 
 she crooked a smile as she raised an eyebrow . 
 teren coughed and looked around the room . 
 `` yeah . 
 maybe we 'll do that ... later . '' 
 she stopped knitting for a moment and motioned to a plush chair beside her . 
 `` have a seat . '' 
 teren grabbed my hand as i was halfway to a seated position , and i straightened . 
 `` maybe another time , gran . 
 i still have a lot to show emma . '' 
 he smiled at her as he started leading me away . 
 imogen raised her lips slightly at the corners as she replied , `` yes , i suppose you do . 
 we 'll catch up this evening , i 'm sure . '' 
 i waved goodbye as we exited her room , teren shutting the heavy door behind him . 
 knowing there was only one vampire we had n't seen this morning , i hesitantly asked him , `` so ... where 's halina ? '' 
 teren nodded at the floor . 
 `` her rooms are in the basement levels . '' 
 `` oh . 
 will we be going down there ? '' 
 i hoped my voice did n't betray my reluctance at that prospect . 
 entering her `` lair '' was n't exactly an appealing thought to me . 
 teren 's expression turned thoughtful . 
 `` she tends to sleep through most of the day . 
 waking her up really is n't ... a good idea . '' 
 `` oh ... okay . '' 
 i breathed the word in case she could hear it . 
 he laughed at my attempt to be quiet . 
 `` she 's asleep right now . 
 she 's actually the only vampire who ca n't hear you . 
 and she 's a pretty solid sleeper once she 's down , so you do n't need to worry about waking her up . '' 
 i relaxed . 
 `` oh , '' i said again , but at normal volume . 
 `` so , she 's ... nocturnal ? '' 
 he nodded , his eyes amused . 
 `` yeah ... it kind of goes with the whole vampire thing . '' 
 i twisted my lips and gave him a meaningful onceover . 
 he laughed , understanding . 
 `` i 'm mostly human , remember . '' 
 my mouth shifted into a wry smile . 
 `` right . 
 i do n't know how i keep forgetting that . 
 what about your mom and imogen ? '' 
 grabbing my hand , he started leading me back down one side of the dual staircase . 
 `` they are more human in that respect . 
 they sleep at night and are awake during the day , although sometimes gran will stay up all night with great-gran , and sleep during the day as well . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 the thought of a vampire roaming the halls while i obliviously slept did n't sit well with me , but i kept my irrational fear of that from teren . 
 he would just say that i had nothing to worry about and that his family would n't eat me . 
 i had the sudden thought that everyone was going to keep reassuring me that i would n't get eaten , right up until the day i did . 
 hopefully , i would at least get an `` oops '' or `` sorry '' before i was completely consumed . 
 he showed me around the side buildings that housed more guest rooms . 
 i was n't quite sure what they needed so many rooms for , maybe it just came with the spread , but there were two libraries , three offices , more bathrooms than i could count , a laundry room with the single largest washer and dryer i 'd ever seen , an indoor greenhouse that smelled wonderfully of ripening tomatoes and made me damp with sweat before we left the room , a formal dining room that put the area by the kitchen to shame , and an informal lounging area with televisions , board games , a plethora of movies , including a slew of modern and classic vampire movies , which i found pretty amusing . 
 there was even a three-hole putting green , because what self-respecting vampire does n't like to practice their putt ? 
 really , all it needed was an indoor bowling alley , and i 'd have been convinced that teren 's family was some sort of vampire royalty . 
 he ended the home tour by leading me to the courtyard out back . 
 it took my breath away . 
 the sun was approaching its zenith and its rays sparkled along the ripples of water in the olympic-sized swimming pool basking below it . 
 the entire family could swim laps and not bump into each other . 
 a diving board on the far end indicated where the deep end was , and a few feet on the other side of that was the one thing i was actually really looking forward to ... a hot tub-what looked like a twenty person hot tub , with jets everywhere and areas that conformed to a lying person 's shape , so you could nearly nap in the slightly-below-boiling water . 
 flat river rocks formed a patio , stretching from the glass wall of the living room , all the way around the pool and hot tub , to a large area behind that , where covered tables and lounge chairs rested in the sunshine before a barbecue grilling station . 
 that huge grill swept up out of the river rock floor so naturally , that you 'd expect to come across its twin while hiking in the grand tetons . 
 we walked across the flat stones while teren pointed out various aspects of the land that we could see . 
 the summit of mount diablo was positioned perfectly in the open area of the courtyard , creating a stunning backdrop for the already stunning view . 
 these vampires sure knew how to pick a place . 
 on the far side of the patio were granite steps that led to a granite pathway . 
 we followed the pathway to some outbuildings at the base of the hill where the main home sat . 
 i looked back and marveled again at the gleaming red tiles , white stucco , and gray rocked beauty that was the adams ' family home . 
 when we approached the buildings that stored the farm equipment , some motorcycles , four wheelers , and a couple of jeeps with oversized tires , i noticed jack screwing a cap back on one of the bikes . 
 he looked up at the crunching sound of our approach . 
 walking into the sun , he squinted up at us and said , `` hey , teren , emma . 
 i was just about to check out the cattle in the east pasture . 
 you guys want to come along ? '' 
 teren looked back at me , and i nodded eagerly . 
 i 'd lived in the city my entire life and had never seen a cow up close . 
 teren smiled and led me to one of the jeeps . 
 his dad hopped on a bike and started it while we slipped into the open-topped vehicle . 
 we started out after jack , who was zipping along at a pretty decent pace . 
 i supposed that if you live your whole life with someone who could cross a room faster than you could say vampire , you learned to be speedy where you could . 
 we bounced along behind him on faint trails that i could just barely make out in the rolling hillside . 
 teren had a grin on his face and his blue eyes sparkled in the sunshine . 
 boys did love their toys . 
 we approached a long , white fence and slowed to park beside it . 
 i could see a few cow heads poking up out of the amber grass and wondered if teren could walk in there with them . 
 spike did n't seem to mind him , but surely a cow would have some innate sense of predacious danger and would run from him . 
 but teren followed his dad 's lead and climbed the fence . 
 he paused at the top and held his hand out to me . 
 i gave him a wry look and scrambled up and over the fence by myself . 
 he laughed once , then stood at the top of the suddenly narrow-looking fence and stepped off , landing the five feet to the ground as effortlessly as one steps off the front porch . 
 show off . 
 we walked among the cows . 
 they did n't move much from munching on their meals , and certainly had no fear of teren , who walked close by a few and even ran a hand along the back of one . 
 i patted the head of another one . 
 she looked up at me with huge , vacant brown eyes and i giggled . 
 i 'd never imagined a month ago , when i ran into teren with my coffee , that the future would have me at a ranch petting cattle ... with a vampire . 
 jack inspected hooves or mouths or bellies of the beasts as we walked among them . 
 i snuggled up to teren 's side as we strolled through the knee-high grass , watching for any fresh piles beneath us and listening for rattlers -lrb- i hate snakes -rrb- . 
 i looked around the pasture at the various brown and white cows , and then looked over to what i could see of the other pastures . 
 i saw various bulks that must be more bovines , but nothing larger than that . 
 i saw the building that must have been the ranch hand 's house that gran had mentioned , and beside it was an unmistakable building that could only be a massive barn . 
 `` are the horses in there ? '' 
 i pointed over to the long building as teren and i walked along . 
 looking back at me , he shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 we do n't keep horses anymore . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` that seems a little odd . 
 horses and ranches are kind of like peanut butter and jelly ... they just go together . '' 
 he chuckled and kissed my head . 
 `` are you hungry again ? '' 
 i pinched his arm and he laughed again . 
 `` we had a hard time with them ... falling ill , so we stopped bringing them in . '' 
 i eyed him suspiciously . 
 `` falling ill ? '' 
 he kicked at a rock in the grass as we walked by it . 
 his dad up ahead was busy digging something out of one of the cow 's hooves . 
 teren sighed . 
 `` that 's what the hired hands believed . '' 
 `` and the truth would be ... ? '' 
 he looked over at me . 
 `` well , horses are more naturally spooked by us than the cows , so training them to overcome their fear was really more effort than it was worth , especially since we move faster than them anyway . '' 
 i nodded , thinking that was perfectly understandable , but then he continued , `` and great-gran has a taste for them . 
 we could n't keep her away from the few we did manage to train . 
 we just could n't keep any alive for long ... '' i stopped walking and stared at him , absorbing that . 
 he stopped walking and shrugged . 
 `` after a few of those instances , we switched to bikes for the humans . '' 
 `` oh , '' was all i could think to say to that ... so that 's all i said . 
 his dad pointed out a couple cows that were expecting as we reached the edge of the herd . 
 i ran my hand along the extended belly and smiled as the tiny creature inside moved slightly at my touch . 
 i giggled again and stood up as teren shook his head at my enjoyment . 
 i pointed back to the pregnant cows as we started heading back towards the jeep . 
 `` do you ever name them ? '' 
 jack laughed , a hearty booming sound , and teren patted a cow 's back as we walked by it . 
 `` sure . 
 this one 's tuesday , '' teren said merrily . 
 i twisted my lips . 
 `` nice . '' 
 teren laughed with his dad . 
 `` we try not to personalize the food . 
 it 's not as enjoyable to eat , if it has a name . '' 
 `` i 'll keep that in mind , '' i muttered under my breath , and teren grinned , so i knew he 'd heard me . 
 jack did n't and added , `` teren used to name them when he was a boy . '' 
 teren sighed . 
 `` dad . '' 
 jack laughed and ignored him . 
 `` he named half geraldine and half bessie . '' 
 i laughed with jack this time as teren scowled at the both of us . 
 i nudged him in the ribs . 
 `` well , were n't you cute ? '' 
 feeling more comfortable with jack than say , halina , i asked him , `` what do you do with the cows the girls ... eat ? '' 
 very matter-of-factly he answered , `` we butcher them and sell the meat , well , the meat that we do n't use for ourselves or for the guys that help us out a few times a year . 
 adams ranch is well known for high quality beef , and our cows are highly sought after . '' 
 he smiled wide with pride . 
 `` we have the best steaks in three counties . '' 
 i smiled too . 
 `` yes . 
 yes you do . '' 
 he gently patted me on the back as we reached the fence again . 
 `` i think you 'll fit in just fine here , emma . '' 
 after the tour , jack cooked us some burgers and we ate on the back patio , enjoying the sunny day and the slight breeze . 
 alanna popped out with refreshing lemonades and stayed to sit in her husband 's lap for a minute , making teren roll his eyes in an adorable expression of embarrassment . 
 then she started shifting uncomfortably and excused herself , going back inside the house . 
 i started wondering about this house of vampires , and what mythic rules applied to them , since they seemed to be ignoring all the rules i 'd ever heard of . 
 i thought about asking teren , but he was enjoying a quiet conversation with his dad , so i figured i could ask him later . 
 jack needed to fix one of the jeeps , so teren volunteered to help him , after making sure i 'd be fine by myself for awhile . 
 i assured him i would be , and gave him a lingering kiss before pushing him away to bond with his father . 
 he seemed to really enjoy the guy time , and i wondered why he did n't visit more often . 
 in the four weeks we 'd been together he had n't come out here once , and by the sound of alanna 's greeting yesterday , his last visit had been quite some time before that . 
 back inside the house and wondering what i should do , i ran into alanna at the stairs . 
 `` alann ... mom , is there anything i can help you with today ? 
 teren 's fixing a jeep ... '' she smiled , and for just the slightest second , her pale eyes were almost sad . 
 the look was gone before i could be sure , though . 
 she wrapped her arm around mine and we started walking up the stairs . 
 `` no , dear . 
 you 're a guest here , and we get everything done that needs to be . '' 
 she winked at me and grinned in a way that reminded me of her son . 
 `` sometimes being really fast is very convenient . '' 
 i grinned too , as i thought about how much fun it would be to zip around on overdrive . 
 she probably got more things done around the ranch before noon , all by herself , than a team of handymen could get done in a day . 
 girl power indeed . 
 `` why do n't you spend some time relaxing by the pool ? 
 it 's quiet out there-you could read a book from the library ? '' 
 that actually sounded quite pleasant , but i still felt a little guilty . 
 `` would you like to join me ? '' 
 she patted my arm again as we reached the top step . 
 `` i 'm going to visit with mom for a while . 
 i 'll join you later . '' 
 at the top of the stairs , she kissed my cheek with her cool lips and walked towards the heavy door at the opposite end of the hall from ours . 
 her long , loose hair swished across her back and her thick jeans rustled slightly , but that was the only noise she made . 
 i changed into my bathing suit . 
 teren had packed my two skimpiest bikinis and for a second , i considered revoking his pack-master status ... until i noticed that he 'd also packed my favorite book , one i 'd read so many times , the binding was falling apart , where the red fern grows . 
 i shook my head and again marveled at his odd skill . 
 grabbing my dark-tinted , pink-framed sunglasses , i slabbed on a layer of spf . 
 snatching a plush towel from the bathroom , i made my way down to the pool . 
 my skimpy little black string bikini barely kept in all my curves , but the other one he 'd chosen to bring was red , and for some reason , wearing that color made me feel a little like a walking all-you-can-eat buffet advertisement . 
 i was n't sure what he was thinking packing those to meet his family . 
 well , actually , i was pretty sure i knew exactly what he was thinking-i looked damn good in a bikini-but it was n't the most appropriate thing to wear around potential in-laws . 
 the house was quiet , and i did n't run into anyone else as i slipped through the massive living room and out the back door to the patio . 
 i found a comfortable looking chair with full sun exposure and laid out on my stomach , stretching my legs out . 
 if i only had a mai tai and a chiseled man , fanning me with a palm frond , i 'd have thought i was in some exclusive resort on a tropical island . 
 i cracked open my book and prepared myself for some classic childhood adventure , hunting wily raccoons with lovable and unwaveringly loyal coonhound pups . 
 i promised myself that this time i would n't cry , knowing all too well that , of course i would . 
 i did every time . 
 it was an odd book for a girl to like , or so i 'd been told , but i did ... i loved it . 
 i was halfway through the novel when i flipped over to my back . 
 i started when i did . 
 `` thirsty ? '' 
 alanna was standing at the foot of the chair , holding out a glass of lemonade . 
 i had n't even heard her approach . 
 i took a deep breath and tried to calm my suddenly racing heart , all too aware that she could probably hear every wet , thumping pulse . 
 i grabbed the glass and muttered a thank you before i took a long draw . 
 `` you 're welcome . '' 
 she looked over my body and i tried not to blush at the oddity of what felt like an examination . 
 she smiled with just one corner of her mouth and then looked up to the sky , where the sun was well below the halfway point , between high noon and horizon . 
 `` the boys should be done soon . '' 
 she looked back to me and laughed-a tinkling sound like silver bells . 
 `` those two do enjoy their free time . 
 i think they may have given up on the jeep and gone fishing . '' 
 she pointed back towards a valley between two large hills . 
 `` they 're over there . '' 
 hmmm ... that was another super power i would n't mind having . 
 knowing exactly where teren was at all times . 
 that could come in handy . 
 of course , it was a two way street , and that would be a little annoying if he always knew where i was too . 
 she shook her head , her black hair rippling . 
 `` jack sure loves having him here . 
 i think he gets a little overwhelmed sometimes , being around so many girls . '' 
 she laughed again and sat in a chair beside me . 
 i laughed too . 
 `` i bet . 
 how long has teren been away ? '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` he 's very good at calling us , but we have n't seen him in over four months . '' 
 surprise washed through me . 
 i could n't imagine not seeing my mother and sister for that long . 
 i got irritated at him for her , and it could clearly be heard in my voice . 
 `` why has he been gone for so long ? 
 you do n't live that far away . '' 
 she looked at me , and her pale eyes seemed to bore straight through me . 
 i felt an uncontrollable shiver run down my spine and i held my breath . 
 breaking our intense eye contact , she looked at the river rock around her feet . 
 `` he has his reasons , '' she said quietly . 
 before i could respond , she patted my knee and gave me a warm smile . 
 `` i 'll let you get back to your book . 
 that 's a good one , i always cry at the end . '' 
 she patted my knee one last time and stood . 
 `` dinner 's at dark , '' she said , as she turned to leave . 
 i wanted to protest that she did n't have to go , that she could stay and chat with me , but i could only watch as she silently slinked back into the house . 
 teren and jack came back just as the sun was hitting the highest hills . 
 jack was beaming at his son , who was holding a couple of large fish strung on a line . 
 i wiped the inevitable tears from my cheeks as i closed my book and watched them finish walking up the path to the patio . 
 alanna flitted out from somewhere the second their feet hit the stones , and snatched the fish from teren while giving him and then jack a kiss on the cheek . 
 she flitted away again and jack laughed , watching her leave . 
 `` always in a rush , that one . 
 the trout will probably be filleted and fried by the time we get in there . '' 
 amused , he shook his head at his wife . 
 teren laughed at his dad 's comment and then leaned over my chair and gave me a kiss . 
 i smiled at him and then noticed that his jeans were wet from the knees down . 
 `` did you catch the fish with your hands ? '' 
 i asked sarcastically . 
 he grinned and winked at me , and my mouth dropped a little . 
 not answering me , he flicked his eyes down my body . 
 `` i like your suit . '' 
 i pursed my lips . 
 `` yes . 
 interesting choice for your parents ' house . '' 
 he leaned over and whispered in my ear , `` only showing off your ... assets . '' 
 he blurred away from me just as my hand was swinging around to clap him on the shoulder ; i only caught air instead . 
 i frowned and he held his palm out for me . 
 rolling my eyes , i let him stand me up . 
 `` just kidding , '' he said , as he pulled me in for a tight embrace . 
 his mouth started distracting me as he brought his lips to mine . 
 he was a fabulous kisser . 
 i started getting swept away in the softness and stubble and wet warmth of it , when i felt his hand gently tug at one of the strings of my top . 
 `` i will stake you where you stand if you pull that string out , '' i muttered against his lips . 
 remembering where i was , i looked around the pool area , but sometime when we 'd been kissing , jack must have gone inside . 
 i felt a teensy bit embarrassed about that . 
 teren chuckled . 
 `` i could sweep you upstairs , if you really are n't happy with that suit . '' 
 his laugh turned a little husky and he started kissing me again , running his hand up my back to gently grasp my neck . 
 i started getting lost in him again , until i firmly remembered where i was , and what i had promised him at the beginning of this little journey . 
 i playfully pushed him back from me . 
 he was a little breathless , which made me grin . 
 `` nope , you 're cut off . 
 remember ? '' 
 he gaped at me and then tried to bring his hands back to my body . 
 `` you were n't serious about that , were you ? '' 
 i batted his hands away and giggled . 
 i had n't really been at the time , but with vampires around who could hear every delightful groan-i was serious now . 
 `` yep . 
 no treats for you , vamp boy . '' 
 he frowned as i wrapped the plush bathroom towel around me . 
 i grabbed his hand . 
 `` let 's go get ready for dinner . 
 your fish is probably nearly done . '' 
 he pouted , but let me lead him to the glass doors to the living room . 
 `` we could go somewhere really far away . 
 i run really fast , '' he grumbled under his breath . 
 i shoved him through the door ahead of me . 
 `` upstairs ! 
 go change your wet clothes ... and maybe take another shower . '' 
 he grinned at me over his shoulder and we made our way to the stairs . 
 gran was walking down one set of stairs as we were walking up the other . 
 she glanced over at us , sighed and then looked away . 
 she seemed really sad . 
 i watched her glide down the stairs and wondered what vampires got depressed about . 
 teren was n't watching her and did n't appear to be too concerned over it . 
 once we were at the top of the stairs and heading down the hallway , i asked him if she was all right . 
 not looking at me , he said , `` yeah , she 'll be fine . '' 
 `` what 's wrong with her ? '' 
 `` you know , i am feeling a little grimy after the long day . 
 i think i will take a shower . '' 
 he kissed me on the cheek and then blurred into our room . 
 he left the bedroom door open for me , but i 'd felt the proverbial door slam shut right in my face on the conversation i 'd been trying to have with him . 
 it stung as much as an actual door would have . 
 forcing calmness into my body , i decided that he just did n't want to openly talk about her problems here , with super ears everywhere , but surely he would tell me later . 
 a voice in the back of my head screamed that that did n't excuse the rudeness , but i tried very hard to ignore that voice as i changed back into my jeans and shirt . 
 we came back down the stairs just as the final rays of sunlight were calling it quits for the evening . 
 teren led me to the kitchen , where all the women were talking around the table . 
 they all stopped and looked over at us the second our feet entered the room . 
 halina had an eerie smile on her face . 
 `` good evening , emma . 
 did you enjoy the sunshine today ? '' 
 i swallowed and made myself smile back at her . 
 `` yes , very much . '' 
 i turned my head to alanna . 
 `` your home is very beautiful . '' 
 alanna smiled and took my hand from teren 's . 
 her much cooler hand led me to the chair i 'd used last night . 
 `` have a seat . 
 everything is ready . '' 
 she pulled out the chair , plopped me into it , and effortlessly tucked me under the table . 
 teren sat beside me and rested his hand on my thigh . 
 jack entered from the kitchen , licking his fingers , and alanna smacked him on the shoulder , making an affronted noise . 
 `` jacob nathaniel adams ! 
 you better not have been sampling that cake . 
 that is dessert . '' 
 she smacked him again on the shoulder as he grinned and kissed her cheek . 
 i tried to make the mental image of a vampire baking a cake , but i just could n't quite get there . 
 `` i would never ... '' he gave her a wounded look and then grinned again , '' ... but if i had , it was wonderful , dear . '' 
 she shook her head with a soft smile on her lips and teren chuckled beside me . 
 jack kissed her again on the cheek and she flitted into the kitchen . 
 he took his place at the head of the table and imogen and halina sat in their respective seats across from me . 
 halina and imogen talked in whispers while imogen flicked glances at me . 
 i could n't hear what they were saying , but teren was frowning and staring at the table in front of him ... and i swear he was blushing . 
 curious , i tried to listen harder . 
 focusing more on trying to hear their quiet conversation than being courteous , i was blatantly staring at them . 
 i stopped the moment halina met my gaze . 
 she looked very displeased . 
 i thought i heard a low growl escape her throat ... but maybe i was just hearing things . 
 alanna broke the tension in the room as she flitted in with the fresh fish the boys had caught earlier . 
 she brought in large bowls of a cold pasta dish and a veggie-filled green salad . 
 everything looked cool and refreshing and wonderful . 
 she set a glass of red wine in front of jack and me , and gave us glasses of water as well . 
 she heaped up plates for the humans and then brought out the obligatory carafe of blood for the vampires in the room . 
 i immediately dug into my food and ignored what teren and the women were doing . 
 in my head i kept repeating - `` it 's just wine , really thick , red wine . '' 
 it was a little easier to stomach that way . 
 when teren finished his `` thick wine '' , i looked over at him . 
 i watched him smile in satisfaction , retract his fangs and dig into his fish . 
 and just like that , he was a normal , human guy , enjoying food he himself had caught , quite possibly with his own hands . 
 i smiled at him and , noticing me watching , he smiled back and squeezed the hand still on my thigh . 
 his grandmother sighed and i looked over at her . 
 her fangs were out and her glass was still half-full , but she was looking at teren and me so wistfully , that i did n't turn away from the sight of her . 
 `` the two of you remind me of my husband . '' 
 she sighed again . 
 `` he was the sweetest man . '' 
 i smiled at her recollection , until she continued . 
 `` and dumber than a box of rocks . '' 
 i sputtered a bit on the sip of wine i 'd just taken and imogen laughed at my reaction-a beautiful , rhythmic sound . 
 `` he never figured out what i was , and he never asked for an explanation . 
 he thought i never showed my age because i had good genes , and i never ate because i watched my girlish figure . '' 
 she sighed again , as her wistful look returned . 
 `` he never asked about the teeth . 
 he never asked about the blood . 
 maybe he was smarter than i give him credit for . 
 maybe he just loved me for me , and it just never mattered to him . '' 
 `` what happened to him ? '' 
 i asked hesitantly . 
 imogen smiled sadly and halina , in a show of affection that i had yet to see , placed her hand around her daughter 's shoulders . 
 `` he got real sick , not long before teren was born . 
 he did n't make it ... '' imogen dabbed at her eyes with a napkin and my heart squeezed for her . 
 suddenly , i was n't seeing a vampire with a red tongue and sharp fangs . 
 i was seeing a human woman still in mourning over the loss of the man she had loved deeply . 
 it was a heartbreaking realization , that she would mourn him much longer than the average human would mourn their spouse ... quite possibly forever , i was n't sure . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , imogen ... gran . '' 
 collecting herself , she patted alanna 's knee . 
 `` well , he gave me my daughter ... before it was too late . '' 
 she said the last part oddly , and gave teren a look that definitely meant something . 
 he shifted in his seat and it seemed like he was stifling a sigh . 
 `` teren ... '' she said in a pleading voice . 
 teren 's face got tense and he said something to her in a language i did n't recognize . 
 whatever he was saying sounded a little heated , and i could only stare at him in shock , both for his tone to the sweet woman across from us , and for the fact that he was clearly fluent in another language . 
 imogen spoke back in the same language , her tone nearly matching his . 
 halina firmed her lips and nodded at whatever imogen had said . 
 teren looked about to stand and shout at the two of them , when alanna silenced the room . 
 `` enough ! '' 
 alanna looked at imogen and halina , and then over to teren . 
 jack continued to eat his fish , ignoring what was most definitely an argument . 
 `` emma is a guest and you are all being rude . '' 
 she looked across the table at her husband . 
 `` jack , how is the fish , dear ? '' 
 he smiled at his wife . 
 `` it 's perfect as always , love . '' 
 they gazed at each other in adoration and , feeling the tension slipping from the room-and wanting to change whatever the subject of the fight had been , which , i had a feeling was me-i asked jack , `` how long have the two of you been married ? '' 
 he tilted his graying head and looked up at the ceiling . 
 `` well , it 's got to be over twenty-six years ? '' 
 he looked back down at his wife with a clear question in his eyes . 
 she smiled . 
 `` twenty-seven years , three months , twenty-two days and forty-two minutes . '' 
 he laughed and shook his head before turning to me . 
 `` as you can see , vampires retain things a bit better than us humans ... especially as we age . '' 
 he tapped his head and the entire table laughed , like this was really funny . 
 i found myself laughing as well . 
 still chuckling i asked , `` so , no one questions the fact that she looks ... '' i did n't quite know how to finish that question . 
 alanna did . 
 `` half his age ? '' 
 she giggled like a woman half his age . 
 `` we have a couple of other ranches across the country . 
 we stay a decade or two in one , before moving to another , and although we try and keep to ourselves , when we came here , it was quite the scandal-the old man with his twenty-something wife and her sisters . '' 
 she indicated herself , imogen and halina . 
 `` being siblings is the easiest way to explain how we look . 
 i think some may have thought he had multiple young wives though . '' 
 again the entire table laughed and i shook my head at the thought . 
 when jack 's laughs settled down he added , `` it 's pretty humorous since she is older than i am . '' 
 alanna made an affronted noise . 
 `` only by two years ... that 's not so much . '' 
 wondering at the oddity of her smiling at him so lovingly , with her fangs clearly extended as she sipped on her glass of blood , i asked a question that i probably should n't have . 
 `` it has n't been difficult for you to be married to a human ? 
 you 've never bitten him ? '' 
 the entire room silenced , and i had the horrible feeling that i 'd just asked something really , really inappropriate . 
 jack scratched his head and looked away , teren fidgeted in his seat and imogen grabbed her glass and took a long drink . 
 halina made no efforts to hide her glee-she openly laughed at me . 
 alanna shot her a look and she silenced . 
 `` it 's all right to ask . 
 you 're new to this . 
 i 'm assuming what you 're really asking , is if it 's difficult to not kill him ? '' 
 i felt heat rush into my face . 
 `` yes . 
 i was just wondering about the ... thirst part of being a vampire . '' 
 alanna smiled and laughed once . 
 `` yes , we do seem to be portrayed as bloodthirsty savages who can barely control ourselves , do n't we ? '' 
 all the vampires laughed at that , and a shiver went down my spine . 
 alanna regarded me for a moment before answering . 
 `` let me put this in human terms for you . 
 if you 're hungry and you go to a grocery store , would you lose all self-control and start shoveling food into your mouth ? '' 
 i grimaced at the image . 
 `` no . '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` it 's the same for us . '' 
 she looked over at him affectionately . 
 `` he may be astoundingly tasty , but i 'm not about to end his life . 
 i 'd miss him too much . '' 
 jack gave her a warm smile . 
 i focused on my plate , giving them some privacy for the clear love fest that was going on , while at the same time , suppressing another shudder that wanted to run down my body . 
 imogen sighed , and i looked up to find her watching alanna and jack . 
 meeting my gaze , she said , very quietly , `` do you not find teren attractive , dear ? '' 
 i blinked and my mouth surely hit the table . 
 do i what ? 
 `` gran , '' teren growled at her , and her youthful eyes regarded him before returning to mine . 
 `` we know he 's trying , young one , but you seem to be rejecting him . 
 we do n't mean to eavesdrop , but ... he 's such a good looking boy , surely you feel some desire for him ? '' 
 i could not even speak . 
 words could not fully describe the horror flashing through my body . 
 i had no idea why my love life was being brought up at the dinner table , of all places , by teren 's grandmother , of all people . 
 i did n't even know where to begin feeling offended . 
 there was not one thing about the situation that seemed appropriate . 
 teren seemed to agree-he spat something wicked sounding to her in another language . 
 alanna looked upset , but i could n't tell who she was upset with . 
 jack went back to studiously finishing his plate . 
 `` if she is not willing to lie with him , she must be replaced , '' halina said , rather coldly . 
 i turned to gape at her , and suddenly knew exactly where to begin feeling offended . 
 `` it 's one weekend ! '' 
 teren switched back to english and sounded very exasperated as he glared at the both of them . 
 `` back off ! '' 
 halina narrowed her pale eyes at him ; her wild hair seemed to bristle with her words . 
 `` one less weekend , teren . 
 one less , and you have wasted so much time already . 
 have you even been with her yet ? '' 
 i was ready to wake up from this absurd conversation . 
 i was also ready to storm from the room in a huff . 
 i think only sheer curiosity held me to my chair . 
 `` what would you have me do ? '' 
 teren nearly yelled that at her and i flinched . 
 `` whatever it takes , boy ! '' 
 she yelled back . 
 `` no ! '' 
 he yelled something else in the other language and she snapped something back . 
 i could barely keep my head from spinning right off my shoulders . 
 our enjoyable weekend at this dreamlike ranch with his , up until this point , pleasant family , was taking a turn for the worse . 
 everyone seemed to be angry that teren and i were n't being intimate here , but that was just nuts . 
 no family , not even a vampiric one , got angry because their son was n't hav ** g s * x under their roof . 
 i must have been missing what the argument was really about . 
 i wanted to defend my actions , i just was n't quite sure what action i needed to defend . 
 maybe if they 'd stop shouting in a language i did n't understand . 
 picking my jaw off the table , i focused my frustrations at teren , since he was the one i was the most comfortable with . 
 `` stop yelling gibberish , and tell me what the hell is going on , since it 's clearly about me ! '' 
 i yelled , and instantly felt bad for both yelling and swearing at alanna 's table . 
 everyone turned to stare at me , but alanna was the one who responded . 
 `` they are n't speaking gibberish , dear , they are speaking russian , and teren is doing that , quite rudely , so you wo n't understand what he wants to keep from you . '' 
 my jaw dropped again as teren turned his face to alanna . 
 `` mother ... please . '' 
 his voice was quavering as he begged her . 
 `` you will ruin everything . '' 
 halina scoffed . 
 `` maybe , maybe not . 
 perhaps she will not be so reluctant if she knows . '' 
 `` knows what ? '' 
 i whispered , feeling like a black hole of dread was opening up in my chest and was about to consume me whole . 
 still staring pleadingly at his mother , teren said in a quavering tone that tore my heart , `` i was n't going to tell her this yet . 
 it 's too soon . '' 
 `` too soon ... ? 
 you 're running out of time , teren . '' 
 his grandmother 's face was a mixture of sympathy and panic . 
 `` tell her ... '' he sighed and ran a hand down his face . 
 silence fell over the room . 
 teren sat slumped in his chair , looking for all the world , like he was sorry he 'd ever brought me here . 
 jack had stopped eating and was looking at his son sympathetically and maybe even a bit sadly . 
 halina and imogen were flicking glances between teren and me , and i got the feeling that if teren did n't tell me whatever was going on , they would . 
 alanna slowly stretched a hand out to her son and squeezed his arm affectionately . 
 everyone in the room knew something . 
 everyone knew something that teren did n't want me to know , something that he was speaking russian , of all things , to keep from me . 
 the dread in my stomach turned to fire as these facts settled in my head . 
 `` tell me what ? '' 
 my tone was heated , but something was being discussed around the table that i did n't know anything about , and i did n't like that feeling one tiny little bit . 
 `` teren ... tell me . '' 
 he let out a sigh that was heavy with reluctance , and ran his hand through his hair . 
 i was positive he was n't going to tell me . 
 i was sure he was going to say , `` it 's nothing , '' and sweep it under the rug , so to speak . 
 so he surprised me when he muttered , `` fine ... but you 're not going to like it . '' 
 he hung his head and i could n't help but think that he looked utterly defeated , like somehow , he 'd just lost everything . 
 a chill went down my spine . 
 `` that does n't mean i should n't hear it . 
 it 's pretty obvious your family thinks it 's important ... '' i whispered , knowing they would almost all hear me . 
 teren looked up at me then and there was nothing about his visage that looked like he was even remotely joking . 
 very flatly he said , `` i will be dead within six months . '' 
 <br/> my brow scrunched even more . 
 `` okay , '' i said slowly . 
 he exhaled forcefully and ran a hand down his face . 
 `` they want a baby before i die , '' he whispered . 
 i shot up off the bed that suddenly felt like it was on fire . 
 `` they what ? '' 
 he held his hands out , as if to placate me . 
 `` they just want to keep the line alive , and we ca n't have children once the human side dies , so they 're putting a lot of pressure on me to ... to ... '' `` knock me up ! '' 
 i yelled , looking around for a pillow to chuck at him again . 
 unfortunately , he had kicked all of the ones near me to the other side of the room . 
 `` are you kidding me ? 
 we 've been together a month , teren-a month ! '' 
 i started pacing beside the bed again , roughly brushing past where he was standing . 
 he stepped back and tried to grab me as i walked by . 
 `` i know , emma . 
 that 's why i was n't going to mention it . '' 
 i blocked his hands and kept pacing . 
 `` that 's what they want , not me . '' 
 he successfully grabbed my waist when i passed by him again , and pulled me into his side . 
 `` why do you think i never come out here ? 
 it was bad enough when i did n't have a girlfriend , but since we 've been together , god , they 've been badgering me nonstop ! '' 
 i beat on his chest while he held me . 
 `` you may have mentioned this while you were spilling your fanged guts out to me ! 
 did you not think your impending death , and your family wanting an heir , might be important enough to mention ! '' 
 i smacked him good and then his hands grabbed my wrists . 
 i jerked away from his grasp and started pacing again . 
 `` you 're really mad , are n't you ? '' 
 i stopped at the crest of my pacing track and glared back at him with my hands on my hips . 
 `` no . 
 why would i be mad ? 
 your family only wants you to impregnate me with your vampire seed . 
 oh wait , no ... that 's not even right . 
 they want you to impregnate someone , not necessarily me , if i 'm not ... how did halina put it ? 
 oh yeah-willing ! '' 
 he looked down guiltily and i continued pacing ... and ranting . 
 `` and the whole dying part ! 
 yes , we ca n't forget that any day now , you 'll be the walking dead , so we better get your little buddies doing their job before it 's too late-no rush or anything , because you know , you 'll be dead ! '' 
 he stepped in front of where i was surely wearing a line in the plush carpet and grabbed my shoulders . 
 `` i know . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i just did n't know how to tell you any of this . '' 
 i inhaled a calming breath and resisted the urge to slug him . 
 `` continually stressing how human you were to me was probably not the best way . '' 
 he ran his hands up and down my arms and squatted to look me in the eye . 
 `` i am really sorry . 
 it 's a hard thing to say all at once . 
 i thought segments would be best . '' 
 very dryly , i said , `` anymore segments i should know about ? '' 
 he hesitated , and i felt my stomach drop , but eventually he said no . 
 `` you might have mentioned all of this before i started falling for you , '' i said quietly . 
 he brought a hand to my cheek . 
 `` you 're falling for me ? '' 
 his voice was soft and soothing , but nothing else about the situation was , and i jerked away from his tender touch . 
 `` i said starting . 
 i 'll just have to see now . '' 
 slight amusement in his voice , he told me , `` take your time . 
 i do n't think i 'm dying today . '' 
 it was not in mine . 
 `` teren , i know you wanted to stay until tomorrow night , but ... i want to go home now . '' 
 he sighed and looked at the floor . 
 `` is this the deal breaker ? 
 is this the part where i lose you ? 
 where you finally run away screaming ? '' 
 i wrapped my arms around his waist and blinked back the sudden tears . 
 `` well , i do n't think i 'll scream ... but you not having a heartbeat is something to consider , and i ca n't do it here . 
 i need my things , my bed-my comforts . 
 i need to process this and i need to process it alone . '' 
 he wrapped his arms around my body and i could feel his heartbeat quicken as my head pressed against his chest . 
 he sighed again and kissed my hair , and an overwhelming sadness drifted over me . 
 regardless of what we had been , and what i 'd been willing to accept of his condition , things were different now . 
 his condition was much more severe than he 'd led me to believe , and maybe his family was right about an heir . 
 if i would n't supply him with one-and i could n't even think about that yet-maybe he should find another girl , before it was too late . 
 the very thought made me clutch him tighter though , and try as i might to hold it back , a tear did escape my eye . 
 after another comforting moment of silence , teren pulled away and kissed my head again . 
 `` i 'll pack up our things . '' 
 he started blurring around the room , getting everything back together . 
 suddenly feeling exhausted , i sat on the edge of the bed and watched what little of his streaking form that i could see . 
 the memory of his strong heartbeat echoed in my ear , and i tried to wrap my mind around never hearing that again . 
 it was such a foreign concept to me that i could n't even process it . 
 i realized then , that alanna and imogen , and halina too , i supposed , were all probably heartbeatless . 
 that made my stomach a little nauseous . 
 teren stopped moving at the doorway and i noticed both bags full and heavy in his hands . 
 he looked back at me and i had to blink back another tear at the forlorn expression on his face . 
 `` i 'll tell everyone we 're leaving . 
 i 'll meet you in the car in a few minutes . '' 
 i nodded , knowing full well that he basically just told everyone we were leaving . 
 well , i was sure his family had some comments to make on this new development . 
 i was probably being voted off the island at this very moment . 
 i could just hear halina - `` she 's weak , teren , replace her and move on , before it 's too late . '' 
 i thought maybe imogen would grudgingly agree with her ; whatever steps were necessary for her great-grandchild . 
 alanna ... well , i was n't quite sure where she stood on the subject . 
 maybe she would defend me , maybe not . 
 i was pretty sure jack was just going to keep his head down and steer clear of the whole mess-smart man , that one . 
 sighing , i stood and replaced the numerous decorative pillows on the bed , hoping to make the room as perfect as we 'd found it , and understanding a little more why we were placed in what i had only just now realized , was indeed the most romantic room in the house . 
 once the room was more or less back in order , i shut the light off and closed the door behind me , shutting out the good memories as well as the bad . 
 i trudged down the elaborate staircase and once i was at the bottom , i stared at the nak * d woman statue for several seconds . 
 i dabbed away another stubborn tear and considered heading out to the car and disappearing from this house without even a goodbye . 
 sighing again , i turned towards the hallway that led to the dining room . 
 i just could n't be so rude as to not say goodbye . 
 they may all have had a secret agenda in being nice to me this weekend , but they had still been nice , and i could be the same . 
 i stopped midway down the hall when i heard voices coming from the dining room . 
 i crept a little closer , making sure that i could n't be seen from the room . 
 once i was within earshot , i stopped and listened to what sounded like teren having an argument with imogen . 
 i knew it was impolite to spy , but honestly , how often does a person get a chance to listen in on vampires discussing , well , anything ? 
 `` teren , dear , i know you really like her but if she 's not willing , maybe you should ... '' `` what if i 'm not willing ? 
 what if i do n't want this ? 
 ca n't i just be with her , and have you guys happy that i 'm happy ? '' 
 `` yes , of course we want your happiness but , you are the last of us . 
 if you do n't ... we 'll lose the line , teren . '' 
 `` maybe that 's a good thing , gran . 
 maybe we should n't be continuing ... this . '' 
 `` please , sweetheart ... please ? '' 
 `` gran ... '' teren sighed heavily . 
 i silenced my breath as i pressed against the wall . 
 i felt figures shifting in the room , but no one spoke for a few seconds and i considered coming out of hiding . 
 i was just about to make a move , when teren 's mother spoke up . 
 `` mom , i 'd like to speak to my son ... alone . '' 
 silence followed her statement and then she spoke again . 
 `` i think you should stay here with us , teren . '' 
 `` we 've already been over this , mom . 
 i want to stay in san francisco . '' 
 `` you know the risk you are taking . 
 you should be here , where it 's safe . '' 
 teren started speaking in russian , which riled me a bit . 
 i was really going to have to learn that complicated sounding language . 
 `` you know i care more about you than a child ... although , i would like to be a grandmother ... '' teren cut her off with the fast , fluent , foreign speech . 
 `` she could stay here with you , son . 
 there 's no need for you to be apart from her , but here is where you 'll be safe , both of you . '' 
 more russian , a little heated now . 
 `` i know that is what you believe , but what if you 're wrong ? 
 the risk is too high . '' 
 more russian ... quite a bit more , he seemed to be ranting . 
 `` of course i know it 's your life . 
 i 'm not trying to control you , dear . 
 i 'm trying to help . 
 if we were of a different mindset , we 'd just come collect you , and you know that . 
 but we 've let you stay away ... for now . '' 
 alanna 's tone was starting to get as heated as her son 's . 
 i was n't sure what they were talking about , but i was sure it probably was n't good . 
 more insolent sounding foreign tongue . 
 interesting how arguing with your mom turns you into a five year old , no matter what language you 're speaking . 
 `` of course i know she 's listening , but i will not speak that language . 
 she should hear this , teren . 
 she should understand . '' 
 teren switched back to english and my face heated . 
 of course they 'd known i was here-super ears probably heard every thump of my impossible-to-quiet heart . 
 `` this is why i do n't visit more often-none of you ever listen to me ! '' 
 and with that , i could hear him turn towards the hall where i was guiltily eavesdropping . 
 he grabbed my hand as he walked by me in the hall . 
 `` come on , we 're leaving . '' 
 he jerked me after him and , looking at the dining room entryway for a second before he literally dragged me away , i saw alanna 's youthful face watch her son leave . 
 her eyes were so pained , and almost scared , that it shocked the inquisition about their argument straight from my head . 
 as he ushered me from the house , i could n't even remember the bits of their disagreement that i had understood , i only remembered alanna 's eyes . 
 teren opened and closed the car door for me , like a perfect gentleman , but his mouth was tight and he looked stressed . 
 maybe coming up this weekend was n't the best plan after all ; it had certainly changed things for me . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 i asked quietly , as he pulled away from the house and screeched down the bumpy drive . 
 `` i 'm fine , just an old disagreement , rearing its ugly head . '' 
 `` one you did n't want me to hear ... you were speaking russian again . '' 
 he looked over at me and i could see the debate in his eyes . 
 turning back to the road , he finally said , `` this one is between my mom and me . 
 it has nothing to do with you or a baby ... i promise . '' 
 his tone was soft , but it was also firm . 
 i knew i would get nothing from him if i pressed him about it . 
 i 'd also had my quota for the day on difficult conversations , so i let him drop it . 
 `` why do you speak russian ? 
 beautifully , i might add . '' 
 maybe reassured that i was n't going to press him , he smiled and finally relaxed a bit . 
 `` great-gran was born there , spent her first ten human years there , so she speaks it and taught each of us . '' 
 he pulled onto the main road and i let go of my death grip on the door handle , since the never-ending jarring bumps were done with . 
 `` oh . 
 maybe you could teach me . '' 
 teren looked over to me with wistful eyes and i remembered , once again , how things had changed . 
 here i was , asking him to teach me a complicated foreign language , when i was n't even sure if we were still together . 
 silly me . 
 it 's sort of amazing how the brain can block out events , if they 're bad enough . 
 but as i watched his eyes drink me in , i remembered our fight , and i remembered why we probably would n't make it as a couple . 
 he was a marked man . 
 death was stalking him and surely if i stayed to close to him , it would stalk me too . 
 `` i would love to teach you someday , emma . '' 
 his voice was quiet , like he understood the unlikeliness of that ever happening . 
 his sad eyes turned back to the road and we made the rest of the sixty mile trip home in absolute silence . 
 when we got to my house , he wanted to walk me to my door , but i made him stay in the car . 
 that was hard enough , having him at my door would be a near impossible temptation . 
 because a small part of me wanted to beg him to stay , to come inside and sweep me upstairs , and make me forget everything that was between us . 
 the majority of me knew that was only a patch though , and would n't fix anything . 
 it would only make it harder to separate , if that was what we were going to do . 
 steeling myself as we sat in his car in the driveway , i looked squarely at him and stated as professionally as i could , `` please do n't call or come over . 
 i need time by myself . '' 
 he nodded , and his sad eyes glassed over . 
 that nearly broke my resolve . 
 his next sentence kind of did . 
 `` may i kiss you goodnight ? '' 
 this time , i nodded . 
 that kiss , in the silence of his car , with the blue light from his dashboard splashed across our skin , would remain with me for the rest of my time on this earth . 
 at the moment , it shattered my heart , but upon later reflection , it healed it as well . 
 that one kiss made up my mind about him-it was that powerful . 
 but not yet ... that realization came a few lonely nights later . 
 as the tender warmth of his lips pulled away from me , i swear a piece of me was pulled away as well . 
 i 'd never been one to feel dependent on someone else for my own happiness , but gazing at his pale blue eyes , with the barely-there glow that only i could see because only i believed , i knew that i 'd never fully be complete in this life without him . 
 but i had so much to think about , and i needed him gone to do it . 
 i whispered goodbye and grabbed my bag from his trunk . 
 he watched me the entire way , his hands gripping the steering wheel , like he was willing himself to stay in the car . 
 it was n't until i had my door closed behind me and i heard the electric hum of his car pulling away , that i realized that he never said goodbye to me . 
 i spent sunday in bed . 
 i spent sunday in bed wallowing . 
 i spent sunday in bed sobbing uncontrollably into my pillow . 
 i knew it was childish , and it was n't solving any of my problems , but i was allowing myself a day to grieve . 
 i grieved over our ending relationship , the could-be future that never would be , the black-haired , blue-eyed children that we would never raise , the growing old together that we would never do , the dinners we would never eat and the conversations we would never have . 
 i cried over the spectacular sex that we 'd never have again and of course , i replayed the last time we 'd spent together over and over again , stupidly wishing that i had known it would be the last time , so i could have committed every detail to memory . 
 mostly though , i cried for teren . 
 it 's not every day that you hear that someone you care for only has months left to live . 
 granted , his death was not a permanent one , but it would drastically change things , as death has a tendency to do . 
 i was crying over the loss of his beautiful heartbeat , when i finally passed out from exhaustion . 
 when i woke up , it was a dreary , rainy monday morning , like the universe , in some small way , at least felt my pain . 
 monday morning at work was like any other monday morning at work . 
 the people were tired and grumpy from their weekend being over . 
 clarice was particularly nasty to anyone who did n't seem one hundred and ten percent on their game . 
 and over the thin walls , i could hear whispered conversations of sordid tales , some i 'm sure were entirely made up . 
 it was so much like every other monday that it shocked me . 
 so much had happened to my world that i had forgotten it had only been one weekend . 
 it seemed like months should have passed , and everyone at work should be slightly different . 
 a grumpy clarice leaving me with a stack of urgent papers that needed to be copied or faxed or both by noon , reminded me , yet again , how infinitesimal the time away had been . 
 tracey regaled me with details of her date with hot ben which , of course , had become a weekend with hot ben . 
 her blue eyes sparkled while she told me over and over that he was `` the one '' and they were made for each other ; she could feel the lifelong connection already . 
 i 'd heard this speech before . 
 i 'd heard this speech several times before , actually . 
 i smiled in all the right places . 
 i nodded , like i was really interested in all the right places . 
 i laughed when she wanted me to and said `` how sweet '' when she wanted me to . 
 i asked her about the sex , because i could tell she was dying to talk about it . 
 i gave her the encouraging words for her `` for certain this time '' soul mate , in all the places she wanted to hear them . 
 meanwhile , my head was calculating the possible flaws hot ben had that tracey would find irreconcilable in the next three months . 
 maybe he snored . 
 maybe he left the toilet seat up . 
 maybe he spit uncontrollably when he was outside . 
 maybe he called his mom too much . 
 maybe he 'd lose his magic in bed . 
 maybe his toes were too long . 
 there was always something with tracey , something that spoiled the blissfulness of first attraction , and had her dumping the man cold . 
 i was fairly certain that whatever flaws tracey found in hot ben ... they paled in comparison to the dilemma i was facing . 
 at least her boyfriend had a pulse . 
 finally , her exuberant reminiscing ended and she seemed to notice my mood for the first time , even though i was trying very hard to be upbeat and normal . 
 `` you okay ? 
 how did the weekend with the in-laws-to-be go ? '' 
 her blue eyes narrowed in concern , and while they were n't the same shade as teren 's , they were close enough that my heart physically ached . 
 `` we left saturday , '' i stated meekly . 
 she cringed . 
 `` oh , that bad huh ? 
 were they real monsters or something ? '' 
 i inadvertently giggled , which in turn made me cry a little . 
 i dabbed my eyes while she put a hand on my shoulder . 
 `` no , they were fine ... i guess , but teren and i kind of broke up . '' 
 she immediately hugged me and i swallowed , so no more tears would flow . 
 really , tear-apalooza all day yesterday was quite enough . 
 `` oh , sweetie , i 'm so sorry . 
 i thought he was such a good one too . 
 well , there 's always more in this town . '' 
 she pulled back and got a wide grin over a thought that seemed to suddenly leap into her mind ; if she were a cartoon character , a light bulb would have been suspended over her head . 
 `` hey ... ben 's got this cousin who 's single . 
 he 's really not as attractive as ben , but he 's not bad . 
 want me to set up a double ? '' 
 i gave her a very pointed look . 
 that was her fix to my heartache-a `` not-bad '' cousin ? 
 `` too soon ? '' 
 she backed off a bit and shook out her pale hair . 
 i patted the stack of papers on my desk . 
 `` i should get back to work . '' 
 tracey gave me another encouraging squeeze and then started to turn to leave , but i stopped her . 
 `` trace ? '' 
 i pointed to the calla lilies wilting on my desk . 
 `` could you throw these out for me ? '' 
 `` sure , hun . '' 
 she grabbed them and took them away with her and i swallowed about five times in a row to settle my emotions . 
 i would not cry anymore today . 
 and technically i did n't cry anymore that `` day . '' 
 i did however , skip kickboxing . 
 tracey said hot ben was subbing again , and the last thing i needed to see was them all dewy-eyed at each other . 
 i curled myself into a blubbering fetal position on the couch instead . 
 since it was after five , i was considering that `` evening '' and at least giving myself kudos for making it that long . 
 tomorrow was always another shot . 
 tomorrow turned out to be my dwelling day . 
 i woke up , put on my work pantsuit and a moderate blouse top-i did n't feel like being ogled by men ... well , maybe by one man , but he was n't currently an option-and dwelled . 
 while i brushed out my hair and pinned half neatly up into a clip , i dwelled . 
 when i ate my breakfast of cream cheese on a toasted blueberry bagel , i dwelled . 
 as clarice got after me for missing one tiny slip of paper in a finished report , tracey gushed over her after-hours kickboxing session with hot ben , and the coffee pot in the break room leaked all over my conservative top , i dwelled . 
 i dwelled about the odds . 
 what were the odds that i would run into a vampire-human mix ? 
 what were the odds that he 'd ask me out and i 'd accept a date with a perfect stranger ? 
 what were the odds that he 'd expose himself to me and i 'd sleep with him anyway ? 
 what were the odds that his family would adore me ... as long as i bore an heir ? 
 what were the odds that my mostly human vampire , that i was falling head over heels for , would also be dying ... ? 
 at least his body was dying anyway . 
 all of those odds seemed like one in a million to me . 
 i seriously considered buying a lottery ticket on my way home , but honestly , with my luck , i had better odds of being hit by a stray meteorite . 
 tuesdays were my dinner with mom and ash . 
 i considered baling , but i missed them , and i did n't feel like repeating last night 's fetal position anytime soon . 
 i walked into the cafe with my head down . 
 i walked over to their table with my head down . 
 i walked just up to the corner of their table with my head down and then i lifted my chin up and put on my most award-winning smile . 
 faking it ... that was my plan to get through dinner this week . 
 unfortunately , i forgot that ashley could see right through my mediocre acting skills . 
 her scarred face immediately frowned upon seeing mine . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` nothing , '' i automatically spat out , as i sat down beside her . 
 now , there is something that happens to most women when asked that very simple question . 
 our answer , regardless of our true feelings , is almost always the same-nothing-but our bodies ' reactions are vastly different . 
 if nothing is truly wrong , nothing happens . 
 however , if something actually is wrong , the eyes betray the tongue and immediately start to water . 
 my traitorous irises were now streaming like niagara . 
 at least i was n't in a fetal position . 
 ashley instantly put her arms around me and held me close . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 as is usually the case when you 've dwelled in sorrow for a while ... i embellished . 
 `` teren and i are through . 
 we went to his parents ' place over the weekend and had a horrid time and we fought constantly and it 's just completely over . '' 
 the story i just spat out actually took about five minutes through all the embarrassing blubbering . 
 my sister calmly patted my back as i told my slight fable . 
 my mom got right to the point . 
 `` you met his parents over the weekend ? 
 why did n't you mention you were doing that last week ? '' 
 i cried some more while ashley interpreted my tears . 
 `` mom , does that matter now ? 
 they 've broken up . '' 
 `` they only dated a month , '' my mom whispered . 
 i cried harder and sunk my head to the table . 
 god , this was getting beyond ridiculous . 
 my mother seemed to agree , but grudgingly tried soothing me the same as ashley . 
 eventually my tears stopped and we resumed our weekly meal . 
 they did n't ask me any personal questions for the rest of the night ... thank god . 
 that evening , i apparently had no tears left , since i went straight to bed and straight to sleep . 
 wednesday was bitch day ... that was the nicest way i could frame it . 
 i woke up mad . 
 i put on the shortest skirt i owned and the reddest , clingiest top . 
 i angrily ripped through my hair with a flat brush and tossed it all up into a high ponytail . 
 i drove ten miles over the speed limit and mentally dared a cop to pull me over-californians did love a good car chase and in the mood i was in , they 'd get quite a show . 
 i yelled-actually yelled-at clarice when she asked me to recopy a report because it was n't lined up just right . 
 i might have yelled something about where she could shove said report . 
 tracey ducked down behind her wall and avoided me ... which was good . 
 i could n't deal with any hot ben stories today . 
 i snapped at the men eyeing my purposely clingy shirt to `` take a photo , it would last longer '' . 
 i bit off the head of the poor barista , who did n't quite get my afternoon drink hot enough . 
 and then i yelled at some jerk on the street that was walking in front of me , because he was n't moving fast enough . 
 see ... bitch . 
 sometime throughout the day , my sister must have called tracey because that evening , they both showed up at my house and dragged me , nearly kicking and screaming , to a local bar . 
 after threatening a couple patrons who were whispering about my sister , tracey and ashley started pouring vodka after vodka down my throat . 
 i stopped snapping at people around four or five drinks and started loving on several of the burlier men in the room . 
 by seven drinks , i was happily dancing with a few . 
 by nine drinks i was praying to the porcelain god and cursing my friends and family . 
 which brought me to thursday ... remorse day . 
 with a throbbing head and a tilting stomach , i dressed in a long , shapeless skirt and a long , shapeless blouse . 
 i pulled my hair up as much as i could and sullenly made my way out into the too bright , early morning sun . 
 wearing sunglasses to my chair , i apologized over and over to clarice and offered to take in her dry-cleaning to make up for it . 
 she seemed rather pleased with how i was dressed , and how genuinely sorry i seemed , and took me up on my offer . 
 tracey smiled down on me from her side of the wall and i cringed , remembering that at some point last night , hot ben had joined us and i may have ... grinded on him on the dance floor . 
 i threw her an apology and she laughed , loudly , and said she was just happy i had fun . 
 i may have had fun last night , but in the dehydrated state i was in now , fun was the least of the adjectives i 'd use to describe my day . 
 after handling clarice 's dry-cleaning , and silently cursing at myself for doing it , i meandered home and made nice with a quart of ben and jerry 's . 
 friday arrived at long last and with it came ... longing . 
 i missed him . 
 i missed his scent . 
 i missed his smile . 
 i missed his stubble . 
 i missed his dress shirts and slacks , and the shoes that he always matched his belt to . 
 i missed his espressos . 
 i missed his dog . 
 i missed the quiet conversations . 
 i missed the walks in the park . 
 i missed his touch . 
 i missed his kiss . 
 i missed ... everything . 
 i do n't remember the day . 
 i 'm not even sure if i went to work . 
 all i remember was the gnawing ache of loneliness , ripping my insides apart . 
 i could n't inhale completely , it hurt . 
 i could n't exhale completely , that hurt too . 
 this was when i realized what that last kiss had done to me . 
 somehow , that one magnificent kiss in his car had inextricably bound me to him . 
 i had felt a connection in that moment that i 'd never felt with another human being , and while his humanity was now in question , what with his human side dying and his vampire side taking over , one thing was not in question-i still felt connected to him , more than i 'd ever felt before , more than i could imagine ever feeling again . 
 it scared me ... it thrilled me . 
 halina had told me once that teren had `` claimed '' me . 
 at the time , i 'd been a little offended , but now i understood . 
 now surprisingly , i felt the same . 
 i felt a claim on him and i knew , with everything inside me , that i would see this through with him . 
 whatever was to come , we would face it united . 
 that 's the only way i could see my life unfolding now-wrapped protectively in his arms , whether they were warm and alive or cold as the grave . 
 i think i broke every traffic law there was getting to his house . 
 i walked up his steps and lightly knocked on his door , wondering what to say to the man i 'd avoided for days . 
 nervousness tickled my stomach as i waited the two seconds for the door to swing open , and then i saw him , and my nerves evaporated . 
 he was stunning , better than i remembered-jet-black hair , shiny in the sunlight , strong , stubbly jaw , maybe a touch longer than he usually kept it , full lips dropped open in surprise at my arrival , and the loveliest shade of pale , but tired , blue eyes , that were regarding me with a mixed expression of hope and sadness . 
 it turned out that i had n't needed to worry about what to say . 
 it turned out that my body had fully intended on doing all the talking for me . 
 i greeted him with my lips firmly latching on to his , one of my legs wrapping around his slacks and my hands running up his impressive chest . 
 his answer to my body 's question was lightning-quick as he pulled me inside , slammed shut the door , and streaked us both upstairs to his bed . 
 after that ... he took his sweet time . 
 <br/> i thought about his analogy and tried to forget that in his scenario-i was dessert . 
 `` well , i guess that would depend on how hungry i was . 
 if i was starving , i probably would n't stop . '' 
 `` i would never sample you if i were starving . 
 i would n't come near you if i were anywhere close to starving . '' 
 he completely sat up on the bed with me . 
 we were having a frank conversation , so i decided to just be frank . 
 `` you would n't just attack me and take it ? '' 
 he was shaking his head before i 'd even finished my question . 
 `` i would never take it without permission . 
 no ... only if you wanted me to taste you . '' 
 he looked down and his cheeks flushed with color . 
 `` i would actually love that . 
 it 's really quite ... intimate . 
 you may enjoy it too . '' 
 `` i do n't think so , teren , '' i said very slowly . 
 `` would you feed on anyone else , if i always told you no ? '' 
 i found that i could n't meet his eye when i asked , and i had to stare at my fingers tracing patterns in the silky sheets . 
 his hand came up and he gently grabbed my chin , making me look up at him . 
 `` no . 
 i would never do that ... ever . 
 you 're the only one i want to drink from . '' 
 that comment actually pleased me , which made me shake my head in bewilderment . 
 `` this conversation just got creepy . '' 
 he laughed and relaxed back down to the pillows . 
 `` just ? 
 i thought it was creepy ages ago , but i just kept going with it . '' 
 `` shut up . '' 
 i smiled and laid down on him , putting my head on his shoulder and draping my arm over his chest . 
 `` would my blood be sweet to you ? '' 
 he grinned as i looked up at him . 
 `` like the finest wine . '' 
 `` hmmm ... that 's oddly flattering . 
 still pretty creepy , but flattering . '' 
 he laughed again and kissed my temple . 
 `` i do love you . '' 
 `` i do n't think i 'll ever get tired of hearing you say that . '' 
 i nestled deeper into his shoulder and let out a happy-with-life sigh . 
 `` well , you have as long as you like to listen . '' 
 spike stirred from his resting place at our feet and stood up on the bed . 
 he shook out his long coat and then lightly stepped in-between teren and me and settled back down . 
 we both laughed as we were forced apart from each other by his size . 
 spike licked my cheek and rested his head on my shoulder , almost protectively . 
 `` hey , boy , i missed you . '' 
 i scratched him behind his ears . 
 he thumped his tail and i could have sworn he smiled . 
 teren sat up on the other side of him . 
 `` you missed the dog ? 
 did you miss me ? '' 
 i shrugged my shoulders . 
 `` maybe ... a little . '' 
 he leaned over spike to kiss me . 
 `` it seemed more than a little last night . '' 
 i grinned and pulled him down to me , making spike scoot out of our way . 
 `` okay ... maybe a lot . 
 maybe i was miserable . 
 maybe i cried all the time . 
 maybe i told off my boss . 
 and maybe i even got wasted and danced inappropriately with my friend 's boyfriend . 
 maybe ... '' teren raised his eyebrows at me . 
 `` wow , you were busy . 
 i just sulked a lot . '' 
 he cupped my face in his strong hands . 
 `` i 'm so sorry i did n't tell you everything right away . 
 i was so afraid you 'd leave me . '' 
 i blinked back the darn tears again , although a couple may have made it past my defenses . 
 `` i 'm not going anywhere . 
 i missed you so much . '' 
 i brought him to my lips and proceeded to show him , again , just how much i 'd missed him . 
 closer to lunchtime , i was lounging in the kitchen , wearing my boyfriend 's just long enough dress shirt . 
 dressed only in gray lounge pants , teren was making us a late breakfast of bacon and eggs . 
 i was very happy . 
 i came up behind him and slipped my arms around his trim waist . 
 he smiled and turning towards me , popped half a piece of bacon in my mouth . 
 he popped the other half , and i kissed his bare shoulder and hugged him tight , while he flipped my eggs . 
 when he was done , he made up a plate for me -lrb- he must have picked that habit up from his mom -rrb- , and set me at the table with a kiss on the head . 
 he made us both cappuccinos and then joined me at his stylish kitchen table . 
 i held his hand while we ate , and periodically kissed his wrist as i gazed into his pale eyes . 
 i could n't help it . 
 i almost felt like i was the vampire-i just wanted to devour him . 
 and i definitely never wanted to let him go again . 
 which left one little situation we had n't discussed yet . 
 as he swept away our plates and made more coffee , i wondered how to bring it up to him . 
 this is what i came up with ... `` your parents will be thrilled that we 're back together . '' 
 he set my coffee in front of me and sat back down . 
 `` yeah , they 'd be downright euphoric if they knew what we just did . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` twice . '' 
 i laughed and shook my head . 
 `` that 's just so wrong on so many levels . '' 
 he took a sip of coffee then shook his head . 
 `` tell me about it . 
 i never thought they 'd go so far as to discuss my sex life over dinner , while meeting my girlfriend for the first time . '' 
 `` i never imagined upsetting any parent because i was n't ... copulating like a bunny with their son . '' 
 he laughed at my turn-of-phrase . 
 `` god , i know . '' 
 closing his eyes , he shook his head again . 
 `` they can be mortifying . '' 
 he opened them and looked at me , a little embarrassed . 
 `` i 'm so sorry about that . 
 i think they 're getting a little desperate . '' 
 i sipped my coffee and then grinned at him . 
 `` you think ? 
 they asked me if i was attracted to you . 
 like i 'm not the one usually ripping your clothes off . '' 
 he let out a hearty laugh . 
 `` yeah , well , i did n't feel the need to mention that to them . '' 
 `` thank you for that . '' 
 i took a long draw of coffee while i watched him laugh . 
 `` so ... they want an heir ? '' 
 he stopped laughing and set the coffee that he had just been about to sip , down on the table . 
 his expression serious , he smoothly said , `` being with me does n't mean that you have to get pregnant in the next six months . '' 
 `` but if it 's going to happen , it has to be before you die . '' 
 he averted his eyes . 
 `` that 's what they believe , because that 's how it worked for them . 
 i do n't think it works the same for me . '' 
 i blinked . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 teren blushed and glanced at me out of the corner of his eye . 
 `` because ... i 'm a guy . '' 
 he shrugged his shoulders , like that one statement answered everything . 
 i blinked again , not really understanding his argument . 
 `` so ... '' he sighed . 
 `` women have to be alive for a baby to grow inside them . 
 obviously , a dead body ca n't grow a life , ca n't provide the necessary nourishment . '' 
 he looked down at his pants with an odd twist to his lips . 
 `` my ... contribution just kind of hangs out and waits for the opportunity . '' 
 i could n't help it-my happiness that we were in this mess together and the oddity of the situation , culminating in that last look at his pants-i started laughing . 
 i started belly laughing . 
 tears were streaming down my face . 
 he looked at me , offended , like i was emasculating him . 
 `` it 's not funny . '' 
 i managed to spit out around chuckles , `` your family is irked at you , because you have n't knocked up some poor girl yet . 
 that 's kind of funny . '' 
 he smiled then and finally laughed with me . 
 `` i suppose it is , in a way . '' 
 eventually our laughter died down and i grabbed his hand . 
 `` honey , i think your family is right . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 he asked , curious . 
 `` i think once your body is effectively dead , what swimmers you have will die , or at least they wo n't be viable for long . 
 there 's a lot going on in the male system . 
 it takes quite a bit of hormones and nutrients to make and keep active baby-makers , and i do n't know for sure , but i think you 'll be shooting blanks afterwards . '' 
 `` anything else , doctor ? '' 
 he asked , keeping his features as blank as possible . 
 `` it 's just an opinion . '' 
 i suppressed another laugh and shrugged my shoulders . 
 shaking his head in amusement , he rolled his eyes . 
 `` i 'm glad everyone is so interested in my reproductive system . '' 
 i spat up the last of the coffee that i had just swallowed and teren softly chuckled into his cup . 
 collecting myself , i waited until he was taking a sip of his coffee before i responded . 
 `` maybe you should just give them what they want ? '' 
 i was vastly rewarded . 
 he spat up his coffee and stared at me open-mouthed . 
 still feeling on a high from just being back together with him , i stood up and straddled him in his chair . 
 that made him smile , and he set down his coffee and rubbed his warm hands on my thighs . 
 i gazed into his pale eyes and imagined for a second having a black-haired , blue-eyed , fanged child with him . 
 it was an interesting thought , but it was all happening so fast ... `` why have n't you yet , since you know how important it is to them ? '' 
 i asked in a quiet voice , not sure if i wanted an answer to that question . 
 he sighed and his hands stroked the outside of my bare thighs . 
 `` now you sound like them . '' 
 he gave me an exasperated look as he asked , `` who exactly am i having this vampire child with ? '' 
 i raised an eyebrow at him as i laced my arms around his neck . 
 `` surely , you 've been with other girls before ? '' 
 amused , he gave me a wry look . 
 `` i am twenty-five ... yes . '' 
 `` well , one of those girls . '' 
 he was already shaking his head though . 
 `` i 'm not bringing someone into this ... situation unknowingly . '' 
 i blinked and pulled back to examine him . 
 `` i 'm the only one you 've ever told ? '' 
 he shook his head again as his hands slid up to my hips . 
 `` no . 
 you 're just the only one who has n't run away ... for long at least . '' 
 he laughed and i smiled at his attractive , happy face . 
 `` there was even this one girl who tried to stake me-with a stiletto no less . '' 
 he rubbed his bare chest . 
 `` that hurt a bit . '' 
 i laughed , then bent over to kiss his old injury . 
 `` how very single white female of her . 
 what happened to these girls ? '' 
 i tried to picture some woman trying to heel him to death , and the image made me obscenely happy . 
 `` great-gran hunted them down - '' i cut him off by partially standing from his lap . 
 `` oh my god ! 
 she ate them ? '' 
 i had a momentary second of panic at the thought of that wild , black-haired beauty tracking me , if my reaction had been a little more extreme at his parents ' place . 
 teren pulled my h * ps back down onto his lap . 
 `` no , can i finish ? 
 she tranced them , made them forget ... although , she probably did nibble a bit first . '' 
 he furrowed his brow as he considered that possibility . 
 i ignored the nibbling part and focused on the more pertinent part of the sentence . 
 `` she what ? 
 she like ... hypnotized them ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` sort of , yeah . '' 
 `` wow ... can you do that ? '' 
 i could see numerous instances where that little trick would come in handy-cutting in front of people in long grocery lines , dealing with the dmv , sneaking us into hollywood movie premiers . 
 he burst my bubble pretty quickly though . 
 `` no , it 's a full blown vampire thing . 
 she 's the only one of us that can do it . '' 
 `` oh , too bad ... '' no way was i going to ask her to hypno someone for me . 
 teren laughed once . 
 `` why , you want your mind erased ? 
 something you want to forget ? '' 
 he twisted his lips as he crossed his arms over his chest . 
 `` maybe your dirty dancing with that guy ... '' his tone was a little disgruntled . 
 i bit my lip , wishing i had n't mentioned that . 
 `` no ... well , actually , yeah , i would like to forget that but no , i was thinking that 'd be a handy trick . '' 
 excited , i leaned over his arms on his chest . 
 `` i mean for speeding tickets alone ... '' teren smiled as he slung his arms around my waist . 
 `` it 's nice to see you 'll only be using our powers for good . '' 
 grinning , i rested my head against his . 
 `` just being practical with my vampire boyfriend and his vampire family ... especially if i 'm going to have his vampire child . '' 
 he froze and stopped smiling . 
 `` you do n't have to do that . '' 
 his forehead moved against mine as he shook his head . 
 `` i 'm not even sure if we should continue this ... trait . '' 
 i pulled back to study his worried expression . 
 `` i do n't know if i want to yet . '' 
 i put my hands against his chest . 
 `` i guess i 'm just telling you that i 'll consider it . 
 i 'll consider it if you will . '' 
 he half-smiled . 
 `` okay . 
 we 'll ... consider it together then . '' 
 `` together ... i like that idea . 
 i love you . '' 
 i gave him a warm kiss . 
 `` i love you too , '' he whispered against my lips . 
 we spent most of the day lounging around his house in various stages of undress . 
 we would have made his family proud-which both amused me and icked me out . 
 we did n't bring up the baby topic again , or his impending demise , but both subjects swirled around my head . 
 i was finally becoming okay about the latter event . 
 him not being as human as me would be a startling change , but really , i was in too deep with him to let that little hiccup ruin our relationship . 
 and i looked at alanna and jack as my role models . 
 they were happy . 
 deliriously happy i 'd dare say , and we could have that , too . 
 plus , my boyfriend would be a hot twenty something for ... well , quite possibly for eternity . 
 i did n't overlook the bonus of that . 
 although at some point , i supposed that would make me a cougar . 
 the former event , getting pregnant within the year , that one was a little harder to wrap my head around . 
 it was n't that i 'd never pictured having kids . 
 i had even done the five second what would our children look like analysis on teren 's and my first date , but it was always a way off in the future event-right up there with teleporting and flying cars . 
 it was definitely not something i thought i 'd ever feel such enormous pressure to do right away . 
 most parents wanted their kids to wait until they were settled and ready-and preferably dating for longer than a month . 
 but teren 's family did n't have the luxury of waiting . 
 it really was now or never with them . 
 that was a lot for a girl to consider . 
 sunday , we decided to take spike for a long walk along the beach . 
 happy as a pup could be , he yipped at birds , and dashed up to the edge of the water , before spinning and running back to a safe distance . 
 i held teren 's warm hand in my own and marveled at the novelty of walking on a sunny california beach with a vampire . 
 `` why does n't sunlight affect you ? '' 
 teren laughed and looked over at me . 
 `` i have been waiting for that question ever since i first told you what i was . 
 you held out much longer than i thought you would . '' 
 i gave him a dour expression . 
 laughing again , he answered me , `` some of the vampire side effects seem to be diluting with each mixed generation . '' 
 i looked up at him with a confused face , and he shrugged his shoulders and explained further . 
 `` great-gran is a full vampire , so she ca n't be in the sun at all ... '' `` hence the being nocturnal , '' i stated and he nodded . 
 `` gran can be around sunlight , but she generally avoids it . 
 she says it 's like sticking your head in a hot oven . '' 
 i cringed as i remembered opening my mom 's hot stove as a child and having that wave of heat blast me in the face . 
 being in that for only two seconds had n't been enjoyable . 
 `` oh , that does n't sound pleasant at all . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 mom can be in the sun for short periods of time , but after a while , it does make her uncomfortable and if she stays too long , she burns-like an intense sunburn . '' 
 `` huh ... and you ? '' 
 he held his palms up to the sunny sky . 
 `` i love the sun and it appears to love me right back . 
 i suppose that could change when i fully cross over , but i do n't think so . 
 mom and gran said they were the same afterwards , in that regard . '' 
 `` interesting . 
 what about silver and garlic and holy water ? '' 
 `` ah ... are we having the myths conversation ? '' 
 i squeezed his hand and nodded with enthusiasm . 
 i wanted to know everything he could and could n't do . 
 teren was amused by my reaction . 
 `` well , they 're much the same , although the water one is a complete myth , and garlic is more gross than dangerous . '' 
 `` oh ... good to know . '' 
 he smirked at me . 
 `` maybe i should n't be telling you all of our weaknesses . '' 
 i poked him in the stomach . 
 `` you do n't seem to have any . 
 you seem to have all of the benefits with none of the setbacks . '' 
 he shrugged in agreement . 
 `` so ... our kids would have that too ? '' 
 `` kids ... now all of a sudden you want more than one ? '' 
 i poked him again and he laughed . 
 `` yes , our kids would be even more human . '' 
 he said the last part quietly and looked over at the ocean , where spike had finally gotten enough courage to dip his paws . 
 his pale eyes were speculative , and i wondered what he was thinking about . 
 before i could ask though , he turned back to me with a bright smile . 
 `` i would n't mention anything about kids around my parents , unless you want them breathing down your neck ... even more . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 i had no intention of doing that . '' 
 i sighed and watched a now semi-wet spike bark at a seagull . 
 `` i suppose we should go back there soon . 
 i should apologize for the way i left . '' 
 teren swung our hands . 
 `` you have nothing to apologize for . 
 they were out of line , and you had every right to ask to leave . '' 
 he gave me a pointed look . 
 `` if i were human , i 'd have done the same . '' 
 that was the first time he 'd ever referenced himself as anything but human . 
 it gave me a slight shudder , which i ignored , as i snuggled into his side while we walked . 
 `` how exactly was halina turned ? '' 
 `` standard vampire lore-she was drained of all her blood and it was replaced by a vampire 's . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 i thought on that for a moment . 
 he 'd stressed earlier that he would n't be a monster , that he would still be himself when he changed , so , the vampire who changed her ... i just could n't see why anyone would turn a woman so obviously pregnant . 
 `` why would someone do that to her , when she was with child ? '' 
 he looked down at our feet crunching along in the perfectly white sand . 
 `` sometimes , people are just bad , emma ... whether human or vampire . '' 
 i clenched his hand and laid my head on his shoulder as i thought about how true that was . 
 the world was just a messed up place . 
 he let out a weary exhale and i looked up at him . 
 `` personally , i think he was just curious what would happen ... to the baby , i mean . '' 
 he shrugged his shoulders . 
 `` it 's too late now . 
 we ca n't ask him . '' 
 `` oh , did he run off and leave her alone ? '' 
 for some reason , that sounded worse than him turning a pregnant woman . 
 i 'd think being a new vampire would be scary , especially all alone . 
 teren surprised me by laughing . 
 `` no ... not exactly . '' 
 curious , i searched his face for some hint of what he meant by that . 
 he did n't leave me in the dark for long . 
 `` great-gran kind of staked him . 
 she was a little ... angry . '' 
 my mouth dropped wide open . 
 `` she staked him ! 
 a little angry ... '' `` okay , maybe a lot . '' 
 `` remind me to never piss her off . '' 
 a shudder passed through me and if it were possible , i was now even more terrified of the teenage-looking vampire . 
 teren nodded and smiled . 
 `` that would be best ... '' he obviously saw a side of halina that i did n't , and he found part of her highly amusing . 
 `` what happened to her husband ? 
 imogen 's father ? '' 
 `` he died ... around the same time . '' 
 his smile left and his tone went flat . 
 realizing that the vampire that turned her had probably killed him , which would explain the anger and the subsequent staking of her creator , i redirected the conversation . 
 `` so , you really can be staked ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 we heal most everywhere else , but ... the heart ... destroy that , and with anything , not just wood , and you destroy us . 
 we do n't know why , but it 's the one human thing we really seem to still need . '' 
 i squeezed his hand . 
 `` that 's nice . '' 
 now he examined me for a hint of what i meant . 
 `` something we 'll still have in common , '' i explained . 
 we walked along the beach in silence while i held onto his arm . 
 i discretely watched him as we shuffled along the sandy slope , edging down to the breaking waters of the pacific-his tan skin underneath my slightly paler skin , his black hair shining in the sunlight , the slight rise and fall of his chest that was visible to me as the breeze compressed his shirt to him , his pale eyes watching his pup frisk back and forth from the surf to the dunes . 
 he was so alive . 
 it was hard to picture him any other way . 
 `` maybe the change wo n't happen with you . 
 maybe you 're different ... maybe you 'll stay human ? '' 
 he looked down on me . 
 his eyes were wistful for a moment , before he shook his head . 
 `` i can feel it , emma . 
 it 's coming , i 'm already changing . '' 
 stopping , he put his arms around my waist . 
 `` i 'm sorry ... but i will die . '' 
 i averted my eyes , willing them to not water ; if he could handle this , then i could . 
 i felt his hand on my chin and i looked up at him . 
 the very edges of his lips curled into a smile and then he brought those wondrous lips to mine . 
 for a moment , as the sea breeze tickled our skin and the heavenly scent of him , mixed with the faint residue of salt in the air , i forgot that things would change . 
 that they already were changing . 
 i took my one moment in the sun with my vampire , and forced out all the rest . 
 i spent sunday night at teren 's again , so monday , i had to wake up especially early so i could go home and change into work clothes . 
 teren worked earlier than i did , so he was almost ready to leave himself , when i finally got my slow body out the door . 
 he handed me some coffee in a travel mug and gave me a soft goodbye kiss at my car , which had n't moved from his driveway since friday night . 
 i was all smiles and giggles as i drove home . 
 i was all contented sighs as i got dressed and styled my hair into loose waves . 
 i was all doe-eyed goofiness as i walked into work and spouted a merry good morning to clarice , who grunted some sort of response . 
 and i was reminded again just how much had changed in one weekend , when a familiar blonde cautiously peeked her head over my cubicle wall . 
 i shut the drawer where i was stuffing my extremely full purse when i saw the top of her blonde head . 
 i smiled and laughed at her apprehension . 
 `` hi , tracey ! 
 good morning . '' 
 my voice was all happy and light , darn near rainbows and sunshine . 
 she poked her head up all the way . 
 `` hey . 
 you seem in a better mood . '' 
 she narrowed her eyes . 
 `` you were really out of it friday . 
 i thought clarice was going to random drug test you . '' 
 she furrowed her brow , like maybe she thought clarice should have . 
 i giggled in my happiness . 
 `` i 'm not on drugs , tracey . 
 but i am happy . '' 
 i stood up and leaned over the wall with her . 
 `` teren and i got back together . 
 everything is ... '' i sighed like a lovesick dork , `` wonderful . '' 
 she hesitantly smiled , maybe remembering my many mood swings last week . 
 `` that 's great , emma . 
 if that 's what you want ... then i 'm happy for you . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` what do you mean , if that 's what i want ? 
 of course it 's what i want . '' 
 she frowned too . 
 `` well , you obviously broke up with him for a reason , and there are plenty of other fish out there . 
 just do n't feel like you have to ... settle . '' 
 i pulled back from the wall and made my way to my desk to turn on my computer . 
 `` i 'm not . 
 nobody ... settles for teren adams . '' 
 i flicked the screen on and watched it come to life . 
 `` he 's amazing , trace ... the best . '' 
 i looked over my shoulder and she made a movement liked she shrugged . 
 `` i 'm just saying . 
 i do n't want to see you get hurt again . '' 
 i smiled at her concern , and then she left that train of thought and hopped right on another . 
 `` coming to kickboxing tonight ? 
 lita 's back teaching , but ben 's going to take the class with me ... like my own personal trainer . '' 
 she winked . 
 i giggled at my friend , my life , and my absurd circumstances . 
 `` yeah , i 'll be there . '' 
 clarice 's attitude never really changed with me . 
 if i was happy , sad or peeved she was still snippy , curt and too picky to ever be truly happy . 
 by the end of my work day , i was welcoming the stress-relieving side effects of heart thumping physical activity . 
 the class was packed , as it usually was on a monday night , and as i looked around at the thirty or so other participants in the mirror-lined room , i fed off the energy building and let myself get excited . 
 tracey and hot ben stood in the back and were mostly ignoring everyone else . 
 he played with her ponytail while she felt his bicep . 
 i could n't help but notice that his blonde highlights exactly matched the shade of her hair . 
 i stopped watching them after that . 
 lita , dressed in skin-tight , black aerobic pants and a black workout bra , turned on the hard , fast music and skipped out to the front of the slightly springy , wooden floor . 
 she led us through a series of warm ups , her brown ponytail bouncing behind her , as she went over her weekend mishap , a fiasco involving a sick dog and a box of missing chocolate-covered cherries . 
 several people around me matched my laughs as we listened to her , but she had us sweating through the laughter in no time . 
 then we got down to business . 
 by the end of class , i was drenched and sore and high with endorphins . 
 i drove straight to teren 's house , all gross and sweaty . 
 he did n't care . 
 before i 'd even had a chance to knock , he opened the front door and pulled me in for a kiss . 
 i showered and changed while he finished making dinner . 
 afterwards , we had a lovely meal on his patio and watched the sun begin to set . 
 and then i asked him ... `` will you meet my family tomorrow night ? '' 
 he glanced at me with a serious expression . 
 `` i do n't know , emma ... that 's a big step . '' 
 he grinned as i glared at him . 
 `` of course i will . 
 shall i pick you up after work ? '' 
 i leaned over the table and gave him a kiss . 
 `` yes ... you shall . '' 
 patting his lap , teren laughed at my comment , as i walked around the table to him . 
 plopping myself down , i snuggled into his warmth , and together we sat and watched the sun sink all the way from sight . 
 when i got home that evening , i called ashley to let her know that teren would be joining us for dinner tomorrow . 
 i called her , for one , because she was my best friend and i told her everything , that i could , anyway , and secondly , because she was my go-between for mom . 
 i love my sister . 
 she assured me that she would let mom know that teren and i had patched things up and were together and happy , and under no circumstances was mom to badger him about the breakup . 
 no , my daughter was a wreck , how could you do that ? 
 no , what are your intentions now ? 
 and definitely no , are you going to marry her and give me grandchildren ? 
 i got enough of that on his side . 
 <br/> as we were getting ready to leave , i grabbed my mother 's arm . 
 `` we 'll take ashley home , mom . 
 we were thinking about getting drinks after dinner and we 'd love her to come . '' 
 ashley still lived with mom while she attended school , and they often drove together ; driving was a touch uncomfortable for ash . 
 my mom gave me a critical look . 
 `` emma ... '' ashley was also only nineteen . 
 `` i 'll make sure hers are virgins , mom . '' 
 i discreetly winked at ash , to let her know that i had no intention of doing anything of the sort . 
 ashley never got carded , people just kind of let her do what she wanted , which worked out well for us on occasion . 
 my mom sighed , `` okay ... be careful . '' 
 i rolled my eyes at her . 
 `` we 'll be fine . '' 
 i did n't mention that i had my own personal pit-bull alongside me , although , i really did n't think of teren as dangerous ... unless you were poultry , of course . 
 we all stood , and were about to start walking up the aisle , when teren offered his arm to ashley . 
 my mom had been about to do the same thing , and she grinned ear to ear when she noticed that teren had beat her to it . 
 `` may i ? '' 
 he said , with as charming a voice as i 'd ever heard him use . 
 my sister flushed and nodded . 
 ashley took his arm and they walked in front of mom and me . 
 i smiled at teren 's back as they walked ahead of us , heads bent in low conversation . 
 sometimes he seemed so much older than twenty-five , like he was from a different generation , a sweeter , more chivalrous one . 
 i suppose his house being full of strong-willed vampire women , had something to do with that . 
 once outside , teren gave my mother a warm hug , all the while still lacing his arm with ashley 's . 
 mom looked downright giddy as she hugged me , and inwardly , i sighed . 
 they loved him ... the baby talk was going to follow soon . 
 i 'd be surrounded by it on both sides . 
 although , knowing my mom , the baby talk was going to be preempted by the `` marriage '' talk . 
 my mom did love a good wedding . 
 we waved goodbye as mom pulled away in her little compact , and then the three of us piled into teren 's car . 
 he drove us to a local bar that was relatively clean and relatively quiet . 
 the lights were dim , to create an atmosphere of `` let 's drink more '' i guess , but some people still noticed us as we entered . 
 they all instantly focused on ashley . 
 she straightened her shoulders , gripped teren 's arm tighter , and dealt with it , as she did every day of her life . 
 my blood boiled at what she had to endure , and i shot some nasty glares at the looky-lous . 
 teren quickly led us to a small , round table in a back corner , on the opposite side of the room from the pool table , so we could actually hear each other over the sound of the balls clanking together . 
 almost immediately , a short , rather dumpy waitress was at our side . 
 staring at ash , and not even bothering to hide it , she asked , `` what ` cha want ? '' 
 teren ordered a beer and we ordered rum and cokes . 
 the waitress scuttled off and ashley relaxed her posture , just a bit . 
 i put a hand on her thigh and she leaned her head against me . 
 `` thanks for inviting me out , '' she said politely , looking at both teren and me . 
 `` well ... we did have a hidden agenda , '' i said . 
 ashley lifted her head from my shoulder and stared at me ; curiosity was clear in her large eyes . 
 i shrugged my shoulders and lowered my voice , `` we wanted to talk to you about something without mom around . 
 something you can not tell her about . '' 
 her back straightened and her curious expression shifted to excitement mixed with worry . 
 `` oh my god , are you pregnant ? '' 
 she looked back to the bar . 
 `` not to be a prude , but you really should n't be drinking if you 're pregnant . '' 
 teren laughed pretty hard and i knew he was enjoying the fact that my family was just as interested in babies as his . 
 well , maybe not just as interested . 
 i lightly smacked her on the arm and she frowned . 
 `` no ! 
 god , no ! 
 this is about teren , not me . 
 he 's ... a little different , '' i stated . 
 ashley eyed him with quiet wonder , and he sighed a little , clearly not liking what was coming . 
 `` you are ? 
 how so ? '' 
 she asked , her eyes sweeping over him , searching for something that made him as different as she was . 
 he looked about to speak , but just then our drinks arrived so he shut his mouth and waited . 
 the frumpy woman set down his beer and our drinks , while flicking not discrete glances over ashley 's body the entire time . 
 i felt like screaming at her , `` yes , she 's scarred , we know that , '' but i knew ashley would n't want the sort of attention that would bring to her . 
 ashley smiled softly at the woman through her half disfigured lips , and even thanked her when she was done . 
 the waitress mumbled something about enjoying our evening and then slunk off to the other side of the room . 
 ashley brushed off the encounter as she always did and turned to face teren , since she was still waiting for his mysterious announcement . 
 i started to worry that ashley would n't take it as well as i thought she would . 
 what if she screamed ? 
 the bar was n't packed , but there were a couple of beefy looking guys playing pool , and another guy at the bar who had gone way past beer-belly and was shooting for keg-belly . 
 while they probably would n't physically be a problem for teren-he was pretty strong and dang fast , after all-he would n't get out of the bar without causing quite a commotion . 
 but i quickly pushed that thought aside . 
 my sister 's reaction would be quiet and contained . 
 she was n't one to bring unnecessary attention to herself . 
 and if i was alive and well after so much intimate time with teren , then he obviously was n't that dangerous . 
 with ashley intently watching teren , he seemed unsure how to tell her . 
 he looked over at me and shrugged in an inquiring way . 
 i puckered my lips and thought about the best way to say it without sounding completely insane . 
 there really was n't one . 
 `` just bluntly tell her ? '' 
 i suggested . 
 he thought about that , then shook his head and smiled . 
 `` she 'll just laugh . '' 
 i grinned , remembering my initial reaction to the blunt way he 'd told me . 
 ashley looked between us , confused . 
 teren sighed and leaned towards me . 
 `` i do n't think she 'll believe it unless she sees it . '' 
 i looked around the bar again . 
 aside from the waitress and the three large men , there were a handful of other customers , another waitress and the bartender . 
 a few people were still staring at ashley ; those people quickly turned away when my gaze fell over them . 
 i looked back to teren . 
 `` can you do that ... here ? '' 
 he had his back to the main part of the bar , but the bartender could still possibly see . 
 he seemed busy pouring drinks and chatting with keg-belly man , though . 
 teren took a quick glance around . 
 `` yeah , '' he said when he faced us again . 
 my sister was finally tired of being in the dark , so to speak . 
 `` do what ? 
 what are you guys talking about ? '' 
 teren met her eyes and held her gaze ; a very , very faint glow emanated from his eyes in the dim bar lights . 
 his face was completely serious and i got those nervous butterflies again . 
 `` ashley , i need to show you something . 
 it will explain to you why i 'm different ... if you let yourself believe . 
 i 'm only going to do this once , so please pay close attention . '' 
 he slowly opened his mouth and her eyes automatically tracked the movement . 
 what was left of her brows furrowed in confusion as she waited . 
 slowly , and with more control than i realized he possessed , he extended his fangs to her . 
 the lengthening of his teeth to sharp and unnaturally long daggers was unmistakable . 
 watching him do it left no room for misinterpretation-he was vampire . 
 my sister 's eyes widened to saucers . 
 `` holy ... crap ... '' he immediately popped his fangs back up and closed his mouth . 
 cocking his head to the side , he studied her reaction . 
 he looked as if he were waiting for her to toss her drink on him , or try to kill him . 
 ashley did neither . 
 pointing at him , she turned back to me . 
 `` seriously ? 
 vampire ? '' 
 i nodded and she broke into the widest grin her scars would allow . 
 `` that 's so freakin ' cool ! '' 
 she and i both started giggling as teren shook his head at us . 
 `` what is it with you taylor women ? '' 
 he asked . 
 we both laughed a little harder . 
 ashley started in on the questions . 
 she asked a lot of the same ones i did-how old are you , what can you do , do you live on blood ? 
 after she asked the blood question she blinked , and before he could answer , she said , `` wait ... i watched you eat food ? '' 
 now teren and i glanced at each other and started laughing . 
 in hushed tones , teren proceeded to explain his condition to her . 
 he left out exactly what he had left out the first time he 'd told me his secret-that he was dying and that his family had certain ... expectations before he died . 
 watching ashley shake her head in disbelief while trying to absorb everything he was telling her , i understood better why he 'd left that stuff out on the first go round with me . 
 it was a lot to take in all at once . 
 he was right , segments were better . 
 while ashley was laughing over the fact that he had a dog named spike , a couple of guys walked near our table and sat at the bar . 
 they were the sort of guys who looked like they believed they were pharaohs , and everyone should really be kneeling at their feet . 
 they seemed in a perpetual bad mood that everyone was n't . 
 they took one look at my sister and one of them muttered `` freak . '' 
 i was just about to rip the gonads off that one , when from beside me i heard a low , animalistic growl . 
 it was impossibly deep and absolutely terrifying . 
 the hairs on the back of my neck stood straight out . 
 i stared at teren in shock-the noise had come from him . 
 he snapped his head around to the men . 
 `` apologize , '' he seethed . 
 i do n't know if it was his faintly glowing eyes , the deadly intent in his voice , or the otherworldly growl emanating from his chest , but the guys immediately sputtered `` sorry , '' and took off to the other side of the bar . 
 maybe , like most bullies , they were just completely chicken when confronted by a true threat . 
 and from what i had seen and heard from teren just now , he was definitely a true threat . 
 maybe i 'd have to rethink my opinion of him not being dangerous . 
 teren spun his head back around to us ; he looked pale and unsure of himself . 
 i was about to ask him if he was okay when ashley touched his arm . 
 he started , but ash was too excited to notice . 
 `` that was the coolest thing i 've ever seen ! 
 i wish you could have bared your teeth , that would have been just amazing , but i know you ca n't expose yourself like that . '' 
 she patted his arm , like he was an obedient puppy that had just defended its master . 
 `` thank you , teren . '' 
 ashley gave him a friendly smile . 
 finally seeming to be more like himself , teren returned her smile and held her hand . 
 `` do n't mention it . '' 
 from the faint tightness around his eyes , i kind of got the feeling he meant that literally . 
 we finished our drinks with no further provocations , although the men seemed to be gathering up their courage on the other side of the bar ; they were eyeing teren with a we can take him attitude . 
 not feeling the need to risk a confrontation , that would most certainly end with teren displaying one of his many extra attributes , we paid our waitress and headed back to the car . 
 i looked back at the creeps and noticed that they were bumping fists and laughing with each other , like they had just successfully evicted us from the bar . 
 idiots . 
 they had no clue how lucky they were that teren had no desire to actually fight them . 
 they 'd probably pee their pants if he did bare his teeth at them . 
 once we were in the car and zooming to my mom 's house , ashley examined teren in the front seat . 
 looking over her shoulder to me in the back seat , she asked , `` is him being a vampire why you broke up ? '' 
 she nodded her half bald head at teren as she spoke . 
 i cringed , not sure how to answer that . 
 i suppose , in the very simplest of terms , that had been the reason behind our temporary split . 
 `` yeah ... kind of . '' 
 ashley shook her head at me , her expression disapproving . 
 `` that surprises me , emma . '' 
 she half-grinned . 
 `` especially with your brad pitt as a vampire obsession . '' 
 i gaped at her and flicked her on the shoulder . 
 `` shut up . '' 
 teren started laughing . 
 he eyed me in the rearview mirror , not even bothering to contain his chuckles . 
 `` not into anne rice , huh ? '' 
 frowning , i flicked him on the shoulder . 
 `` you shut up , too . '' 
 teren and ashley laughed and shared a companionable look . 
 they talked with each other on the ride home , about teren 's work , about ashley 's schooling , and i smiled as i watched them . 
 the few other guys i had introduced to my sister had n't taken to her nearly as readily as teren had . 
 i supposed , just like ash , he was n't one to question someone else 's differences . 
 lord knows he was n't one hundred percent normal . 
 and i 'd definitely never had a boyfriend who had growled in her defense before . 
 seemed he was as protective of her as i was . 
 in mom 's driveway , ash politely asked teren , `` can i see them again ? '' 
 teren shifted uncomfortably and looked down . 
 i interceded on his behalf . 
 `` he really does n't like doing it on command ... it makes him self-conscious . '' 
 my sister completely understood feeling self-conscious and let it drop . 
 she glanced at me , then back to him . 
 `` thank you for inviting me out again . '' 
 she opened her door and i opened mine to take her spot . 
 teren looked like he wanted to walk her to her door , but i gave him a `` just a minute '' motion with my finger . 
 he nodded and i stepped away from the car with ashley . 
 i grabbed her hand as i walked with her to the front porch . 
 `` ash , you ca n't say anything to mom ... or anyone else . 
 no one can know . 
 we 're trusting you with this . '' 
 she gave me a hug at the door . 
 `` i know , emma . 
 i knew how serious it was the moment he showed me . 
 i would n't say anything . 
 i wo n't ... ever . '' 
 i gave her a kiss on the cheek . 
 `` thank you . 
 i knew you 'd understand . '' 
 she nodded and then bit her lip . 
 as i turned to leave , she grabbed my arm and pulled me close . 
 with a flick at teren , she said in a low voice , `` be careful , emma . 
 he might care for you , but he is still ... dangerous . '' 
 i put my hand on her arm . 
 `` he 's not dangerous to me . 
 i 'll be fine . 
 i 'll be safer with him than anyone else . '' 
 i kissed her again and then turned back to the car as she went inside the house . 
 teren was smiling with his head down as i got back in the car . 
 i realized that he 'd just heard that entire conversation . 
 `` you need to work on that eavesdropping thing ... you and your whole family . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` sorry ... i 'll work on that . '' 
 he grinned over at me . 
 `` you 're very sweet . '' 
 i laughed , too . 
 `` just do n't make me a liar . '' 
 `` deal . '' 
 he restarted the car and drove me back home . 
 sitting beside him , i watched his pale eyes study the road . 
 i thought back to our time in the bar . 
 i thought back to his reaction to those jerks . 
 that was a side of teren i 'd never seen before . 
 that was definitely a more vampiric side . 
 i wondered if that side would be more prominent when he changed over . 
 i silently watched him until he pulled up to my driveway and shut the car off . 
 then i turned to face him . 
 `` did you really growl back there in the bar ? '' 
 embarrassment washed over his face . 
 `` yeah ... i think i did . '' 
 he stared at the steering wheel as he shook his head . 
 `` that was ... unexpected . '' 
 i put a hand on his arm and he raised his eyes to my face . 
 `` you must really like my sister . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` i do . 
 i feel very ... kindred to her . 
 the instinct to protect her was very ... intense . '' 
 i smiled too and ran a hand along his stubbly jaw . 
 `` would you like to come inside ? 
 you can protect me ? '' 
 his eyes flicked down my body and then returned to mine , a touch unfocused . 
 `` i 'd love to . '' 
 he woke way before me the next morning , leaving me a rose on my pillow with a note explaining that he 'd had to run home to get ready for work . 
 i wondered briefly where in the world he 'd gotten a rose at this hour , but then decided that he probably could have run just about anywhere to pick one and been back in plenty of time . 
 definitely an ability i was jealous of . 
 i wondered why he did n't just flick home , grab clothes and flick back , but maybe he 'd just wanted to be romantic with the whole rose on the pillow and not a trace of the man thing . 
 i inhaled the red petals and smiled-it worked , he had me . 
 later during my day , an idea started forming in my brain while i was preparing a tax file for one of the firm 's newest clients . 
 the firm had several movie stars , recording artists , authors , internet startup millionaires , computer software entrepreneurs and foreign businessmen as clients . 
 the firm was quickly working its way up to rival the `` big 6 . '' 
 being mr. peterson 's assistant gave you the opportunity to sit in on some of the meetings with these interesting people . 
 once again , being his assistant 's assistant did not . 
 the particular client that i was working on had developed a dating website that google had purchased and planned on adding to their enterprise . 
 the man was rolling in the dough now . 
 i barely noticed the staggering numbers on his financial statements as this pesky little idea flicked into life . 
 i tried to push it back . 
 it was n't feasible . 
 it was n't appropriate , and on some levels it was downright scary , but the idea would n't leave me and the more i considered it , the more my heart started beating in excited expectation . 
 i could at least talk to teren about it . 
 no harm in discussing an idea ... crazy as that idea may be . 
 i considered the pros and cons for the rest of my day . 
 i considered the consequences as i punched my way through kickboxing , sans tracey who skipped out to see a movie with hot ben . 
 i rethought every tiny detail as i showered and took my time getting ready for my dinner date with teren . 
 he met me at my car as i pulled into his drive . 
 he had a half-smile on his lips and his hands shoved in his pockets , and i thought he looked like a very content , and incredibly handsome , normal man . 
 that only firmed up the idea swimming in my head . 
 he opened my door , as the never-ending gentleman he was , and extended his hand to help me out . 
 i smiled and took it , letting him sweep me all the way up to his lips for a tender kiss . 
 `` hi , '' he muttered . 
 `` hi , '' i muttered back . 
 i pulled aside as he moved me out of the way and shut my door . 
 we walked to his front door hand in hand and i leaned my head on his shoulder as i plotted how to best bring up my admittedly crazy idea . 
 i set my purse down on the table as we walked through the formal dining room , that now looked small and cozy in comparison to his parents ' place . 
 entering his now quaint kitchen , i glanced at the oven , where something deliriously delicious was cooking away . 
 he dropped our hands and poured us each a glass of deep red wine . 
 it made me smile that my vampire enjoyed the dark stuff . 
 i tried to not think about the other glass of dark stuff he 'd so thoroughly enjoyed at the ranch . 
 to each his own . 
 who was i to admonish him for something i 'd never even tried ? 
 i 'd heard there were tribes in africa that drank cow 's blood for survival , so it was n't purely a vampire thing . 
 maybe i was the one missing out on a scrumptious treat and i did n't even realize it . 
 that thought made my stomach a little queasy , though . 
 baby steps . 
 he started to pull us towards the living room , maybe so we could enjoy our wine on his lovely shaded patio . 
 the beginnings of my question slipped out of my mouth , just as i let his hand slip out of my fingers . 
 `` does being turned heal you of everything ? '' 
 teren frowned at me for a second and then nodded as he understood my question . 
 `` yes . 
 when someone is changed into a vampire , all of their human injuries are healed , and they heal fast afterwards . '' 
 smiling , he leaned back against the counter . 
 `` i heard about this one newborn that ripped off her creator 's arm after she discovered that her numerous piercings had closed . 
 i guess he failed to mention that would happen . '' 
 he laughed and took a sip of his wine while i absorbed that . 
 `` what happened to him ? '' 
 he shrugged in a casual , nonchalant way . 
 `` well , i guess if she did n't reattach the arm before the wound healed itself , then there 's probably a one-armed vampire running around out there . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` probably pretty pissed off , too . '' 
 my expression must have been one of disbelief , because he chuckled and said , `` it 's just a story you hear , it 's probably not even true . '' 
 oh , cautionary vampire tales ... nice to know they had those . 
 `` but the healing thing ... that 's true ? '' 
 he nodded and took another sip of his wine . 
 `` yeah ... why ? '' 
 i did n't answer him . 
 looking back on this moment , i probably should have answered him . 
 but i was so sure of my hypothesis , and just so insanely curious , that i did something rather foolish to a soon to be irate vampire . 
 in a casual manner , i set down my glass of wine . 
 he charmingly tilted his head in curiosity . 
 i picked up the slicing knife lying on the counter , the one that he had used to prepare our dinner , and before giving it a much needed second of thought , ran the blade over his knuckle . 
 his eyes widened as he too late realized what i was doing . 
 he started to jerk his hand away which ended up making the cut much bigger than i 'd intended . 
 i had really just planned on a tiny , itty-bitty scratch ... but what i got was a deep , welling cut across his finger . 
 he dropped his wine glass , but lightning-quick grabbed it with his other hand before it hit the floor . 
 he could n't save all the wine however , and a large amount spilled over the edge of the glass and splashed ominously onto the kitchen tile . 
 the blood on his finger oozed deep red and started dripping back towards his hand . 
 he immediately put it in his mouth . 
 setting down his glass and sucking on his knuckle , his eyes burned holes into me as i froze , realizing what i had just stupidly done , to a potentially very dangerous person . 
 `` what the hell was that ! '' 
 he yelled at me , taking his finger out of his mouth for a moment . 
 i could clearly see that it was still bleeding , and his fangs had extended at the taste of blood , even his own . 
 i immediately tossed the knife on the counter and backed up a step , wondering if i was quite possibly the dumbest person on the planet . 
 `` i 'm so very , very sorry . 
 please do n't be mad . '' 
 he shook his head and removed his finger again . 
 `` you 're sorry ? 
 you sliced me open . 
 are you sure you 're not nuts ? '' 
 his tone had calmed and his expression shifted to concern , like i was now some threat that the big , bad vampire had to be scared of . 
 that look and the tone of his voice made me relax and step towards him . 
 i let out a tiny laugh . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i just wanted to see the super-healing thing . '' 
 i came up and put a hand on his arm , trying to pull his finger out of his mouth to look at it , but he stubbornly pulled away . 
 his brow drew down to a point . 
 `` emma ... '' he pulled his finger out and i could see fresh blood welling ; guilt washed through me . 
 i had n't meant to hurt him . 
 `` i keep telling you , i 'm mostly human right now . 
 i wo n't heal like that , until i 've changed over . 
 once i 'm dead , you can slice me open all you like . '' 
 he put his finger back in his mouth . 
 i bit my lip and put my head on his chest , genuinely feeling awful , but a little entertained by his comment and the annoyance on his face . 
 remorseful , i murmured , `` i 'm sorry , honey ... i keep forgetting . '' 
 teren sighed and put an arm around me . 
 `` i wish you 'd remember . 
 that really frickin ' hurt . '' 
 the sulking tone to his voice was too much , and i burst into giggles . 
 i looked up into his not-amused face and tried to kiss him , but he pulled away . 
 sighing and shaking his head , he started heading towards the living room . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 he turned and showed me the finger that was still oozing a little . 
 `` i 'm going to get a band-aid , thank you very much . '' 
 i bit my lip again and tried to stop laughing at the image of my fanged , vampire boyfriend needing to put a bandage on his boo-boo . 
 it was too entertaining of a thought though , and i was still giggling as he left the room , shaking his head . 
 once my laughter subsided , guilt overwhelmed me . 
 sighing , i grabbed a towel and bent down to clean up the blood-red splash of wine on the once pristine ground . 
 it took some elbow grease , and some seltzer , but i eventually got the stain out and tossed the towel into the sink . 
 i followed where my sulking vampire had disappeared to , and heard him still rummaging around for an elusive bandage in the hall bathroom . 
 i stopped in the door and watched him eventually find a box of them in the very back of the largest drawer . 
 he was still sucking on his finger , a little more enthusiastically than a regular guy would , as he opened the box and pulled one out . 
 he tried to unwrap it with one hand and chuckling , i walked over and took it from him . 
 pulling his finger out of his mouth , i prepared the special `` h '' bandage used solely for knuckle cuts and tenderly placed it on his skin . 
 his fangs retracted as he silently watched me . 
 once he was all wrapped up , i gently kissed his finger , and his wounded look eventually turned into a loving one . 
 just as he was about to lean over and kiss me , i blurted out the real thought that had been bouncing around my head all day . 
 `` turn ashley . '' 
 he froze , millimeters from my lips , and pulled back to stare at me . 
 by the look on his face , you would think i had just asked him to stake himself . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i searched his eyes as i almost frantically repeated , `` turn her . 
 make her a vampire . 
 she 'd be healed , teren ... completely healed ! '' 
 he backed out of the bathroom with a sickened look on his face , like any minute he was going to lose his lunch right on his shoes . 
 `` no , emma ... '' i followed him with furrowed brows . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 he shook his head as he backed into the living room . 
 `` you know how they 're created . 
 i 'm not draining a human . '' 
 i grabbed his arm to stop him from moving away from me . 
 he glanced down at my hand and seemed as if he wanted to smack me away . 
 he did n't though . 
 he just continued to stare at me , his body rigid with tension . 
 `` teren ? 
 you would n't be killing her . 
 you 'd be giving her a new life ... a better one . '' 
 now he did smack my hand away . 
 he turned and strode over to the glass wall of windows . 
 i watched the last rays of the sun flash on his skin as he rested his hands on his hips . 
 i knew i 'd messed up this talk on so many levels , but we were in the thick of it now . 
 i timidly walked over to him , but did n't touch him again . 
 finally , he twisted his head to talk over his shoulder . 
 `` you do n't know what you 're saying , emma . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` i do n't even know if it would work anyway , '' he finished quietly . 
 `` why would n't it ... ? '' 
 his voice picked up heat as he turned his chest to me . 
 `` i keep telling you-i 'm not a full vampire . 
 i do n't know if my blood is enough to change her . '' 
 at his tone , i stubbornly set my chin . 
 `` it 's worth a try . 
 what 's the worst that could happen ? '' 
 he turned all the way around to face me . 
 `` she could die ! 
 my blood could do absolutely nothing and she would die , emma . 
 permanently ! '' 
 i swallowed as i considered that possibility . 
 it was one i had n't thought of before . 
 `` maybe halina could - '' he cut me off . 
 `` no , she wo n't . '' 
 `` but ... she 'd be normal . 
 she 'd be happy ... '' teren took a step towards me and placed his hands on my arms . 
 squatting down , he searched my eyes . 
 `` she is happy ... do n't you see that ? '' 
 i brushed him off and stubbornly shook my head as i crossed my arms over my chest . 
 `` she would n't be looked at like a monster . '' 
 he threw his hands up and laughed once ; there was no humor in it . 
 he started pacing the center of the room . 
 `` no , she would actually be one . '' 
 i stood in front of him to stop his movement . 
 i placed my hands over his arms this time and looking down at me , he clenched his jaw . 
 `` you do n't believe that . 
 i know you do n't , '' i stated . 
 he shook his head and looked away from me . 
 i thought again of the image of my sister healed and fresh and fast and strong . 
 tears stung my eyes at the thought of what her life could be , if she did n't have to put up with the whispering , teasing and constant staring . 
 i squeezed his arms . 
 `` please ... think of what she 'd be gaining . '' 
 he brought his eyes back to mine and his body relaxed when he noticed my tears . 
 his voice relaxed as well . 
 `` think of what she 'd be losing , em . 
 she would n't be like me . 
 she 'd be one hundred percent vampire , like great-gran . 
 she 'd have to quit school and her dream of being a nurse . 
 she 'd have to hide during the day and she 'd be ... '' `` she 'd be free of the scars she 's had since she was a little girl . 
 her constant reminder of what dad sacrificed for her . '' 
 there was a begging note to my voice and i tried to blink the tears back inside my body , but one escaped me . 
 he tenderly stroked it off my cheek with his thumb . 
 `` she 's dealt with all of that for a long time , emma . '' 
 `` because we did n't know of this option ... '' `` vampirism is n't an option . '' 
 his tone stated that as a fact and his voice hardened back up . 
 a part of me got really ruffled . 
 it was easy to say something was n't an option , when you were swimming in that option . 
 i was pretty certain that his views would be different if he had to look at things through ashley 's eyes-if he 'd suffered the numerous painful surgeries , if he 'd been brought to tears countless times throughout puberty , when boys and girls were at their meanest , and if he still had to endure life without the simple , loving companionship of a mate , something most couples took for granted every day . 
 `` yes ... yes it is an option ! 
 she 'd be healed . '' 
 i dropped my hands from his arms . 
 teren narrowed his eyes at me . 
 i could see anger swirling in the paleness and i was n't quite sure why this topic pushed his buttons so much . 
 with a still heated voice he told me , `` she wants to help people . 
 you want to turn her into something that hunts people . '' 
 i had a little trouble spitting out my reply to that comment . 
 `` your family does n't . 
 you could help her . 
 she would n't ... she would never hurt anyone . 
 just like you and the others . '' 
 `` that 's not true . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 never removing his eyes from mine , he calmly stated , `` some of us have killed . '' 
 i felt all the blood drain from my face and watched his eyes take in my sudden paleness . 
 i was instantly assaulted with images of my sweet , gentlemanly boyfriend draining whores in a back alley . 
 i was n't sure why i automatically pictured trashy women in that scenario , but whatever the woman , the picture was turning my stomach . 
 i had to sit down . 
 it was n't a voluntary decision , i just sort of dropped down . 
 luckily , i was close to the couch and most of my body made it down there safely . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i breathed the word . 
 he sat down close to me , but did n't touch me , maybe sensing that i would bolt from the room if he did . 
 his voice softened , but it was still laced with anger . 
 that only increased my unease . 
 `` the instinct is there ... always . 
 we all ignore it for the most part and for mom and me , that 's a pretty easy thing to do . 
 it 's pretty diluted in the both of us . '' 
 i started breathing again , as i realized that he had just cleared himself as a killer . 
 my stomach tightened as he continued on with who had killed in his family . 
 `` gran has caved on occasion . 
 she 's not proud of it and she wo n't talk about it , but she has taken a life before ... a couple times before . 
 great-gran is not so hesitant or remorseful . '' 
 my pale face surely paled even more , as he confirmed that the one vampire who kind of scared the life out of me was the one vampire who would be the most inclined to take it . 
 teren watched me closely as he continued . 
 `` true , she lives mainly on animal blood , but she gets ... bored . 
 every so often , she 'll run into the city , find a lone human , usually a male but not always ... and drain him dry . 
 i have no idea what she does with the bodies , but she 's very discreet . '' 
 `` why are you telling me this ? '' 
 i felt tears rise again as i studied his steel face . 
 he could have been telling me tomorrow 's weather for all the emotion that resided in his features . 
 `` because i want you to understand that vampires and mixed breeds are different ... and if i do what you ask , she will be different . 
 she wo n't be like me . 
 i want you to understand what you are really asking , because i do n't think that you do . '' 
 still , my stubborn streak continued . 
 `` you 're different ... your blood could be different . 
 maybe she 'd be a mixed breed too ... '' teren shook his head . 
 `` even if that were true ... and i do n't think it works that way , she 'd be miraculously healed . 
 how would you explain that to your mother , to everyone ? '' 
 his lips turned down as he considered things i had not . 
 things i did n't want to think about because they were inconvenient to my end result . 
 `` i do n't know , i do n't care - '' `` and it will hurt ... there is no way around that . 
 she will panic . 
 she will scream and thrash about , trying to get away from me , a man you 've convinced her to trust . 
 are you going to hold her down while i suck the very life from her ? '' 
 i clasped my hands together and stared at the pinkness of the blood in my fingertips as i squeezed them together . 
 `` seven seconds is n't so long ... it would be quick . '' 
 running a hand through his hair , teren sighed with irritation . 
 `` i said i 've heard it can be done that fast-by experienced vampires , who routinely kill . '' 
 i looked up as his narrowed eyes searched my face . 
 he brought his hands to his chest . 
 `` i 've never done it . 
 i 've never even bitten someone . 
 what if i do n't get the exact right spot , in the exact right artery ? '' 
 he shook his head and his face seemed to pale at the very thought . 
 `` it 's a lot of blood . 
 what if i ca n't get it out fast enough ? 
 it could take a few minutes . 
 do you really want to put her through that ? '' 
 with a quiet voice , i stubbornly persisted , `` if we prepared her ... '' he turned his face away from me and his voice went ice cold . 
 `` this conversation is pointless . 
 i will not drain a human . '' 
 `` not even for me ? '' 
 i knew i should n't have said that ... guilt trips were generally not my thing . 
 i realized i was sounding like his desperate grandmother , trying to beg him to get me pregnant . 
 hmmm , i guess , in a different way , i was a little desperate too . 
 i was starting to understand the older woman better ... although , now that i knew she had killed before , i found her a lot less grandmotherly . 
 `` not even for me , '' he said in his cold , even voice . 
 i was n't sure what he meant by that , but i could hear the heavy iron door swinging closed on this conversation , and i knew once it closed , it could never be reopened . 
 `` teren ... '' his face snapped back to mine . 
 `` it is not your decision to make . 
 it is mine and it is ashley 's . 
 you can not condemn her to a life you do n't fully understand , simply because you think it will make her happy . '' 
 `` but ... '' `` i will not kill a human . 
 do not ask again . '' 
 he stood up and strode from the room . 
 his hands were clenched into fists as he turned the corner and i clearly heard each angry footstep as he went upstairs . 
 a few seconds later his door slammed shut and i sat and stared at my hands . 
 i never in a million years would have imagined that the first time teren got really angry with me would be over him refusing to turn my sister into a creature of the night . 
 how vastly different my life had become , in such a short period of time . 
 <br/> <br/> `` yes . '' 
 the word was barely a whisper past my lips , but he heard me . 
 he bent down and ran his tongue along the expanding red trail . 
 he made a deep noise in his throat , and looked up at me once he reached my knee . 
 his fangs had slid out as my blood had touched his tongue . 
 he bared his teeth to me for just a moment , and then he set his lips along my knee . 
 i could feel the edges of his fangs against my skin , but he did n't bite , he only used his tongue and lips to sweep away the fresh blood . 
 i smiled as i watched his enjoyment . 
 i knew it would have looked really odd if anyone had been here to see him licking my knee like a human ice cream cone , but he was so content , sucking away while he massaged my calf with his strong hands . 
 a big cat , kneading the carpet while enjoying a fresh bowl of cream . 
 after a long moment , he pulled back and i could see that the wound had closed and no more blood was oozing , just a faint , red line remained . 
 he took the bandage from my hand , replaced it along my knee and then gazed up at me ; the look on his face was pure rapture . 
 `` thank you . 
 you ... are amazing . '' 
 i felt like the most beautiful , bloodied-knee girl in the world . 
 renewed guilt flooded through me . 
 he had enjoyed that ... more than a little . 
 here i was , with a surplus of something that he obviously ached for . 
 what was a little pain , if it gave him such pleasure ? 
 `` do you want some more ? '' 
 he answered automatically , his eyes closing in bliss . 
 `` yes . '' 
 shaking his head , he opened his eyes and seemed to come out of it . 
 `` no ... no i 'm fine , thank you . '' 
 he started to stand , but i stopped him by putting my foot on his thigh . 
 this brought my bare thigh inches from his face . 
 he stared at it and froze . 
 `` take a bite , teren . 
 a small one , '' i quickly amended . 
 he shook his head , but his eyes never left my body . 
 `` it 's all right . 
 i want you to . '' 
 he finally tore his eyes away to look up at me . 
 i reached out and stroked his cheek as his eyes searched mine . 
 `` you said it would be intimate and you 'd enjoy it and i want to give that to you . 
 i love you . '' 
 he seemed to be debating whether or not he should do this . 
 he seemed to really want it and not want it at the same time . 
 i ran a hand through his hair . 
 `` i trust you . '' 
 he opened his mouth and i swear his fangs got longer . 
 he turned back to my leg and the hands that had been on my calf , ran up my thigh , pushing my skirt higher . 
 i suddenly realized this might do more for me than i 'd expected . 
 he started inching towards me and my leg started shaking in anticipation . 
 nervous energy shot through me , both at the erotic body part i 'd offered him , and the fear of what was to come ... pain . 
 a part of me was also fighting the natural instinct to bolt away from a predator , instead of willfully letting one approach . 
 but i trusted him , and he would never take more than my body could handle . 
 he would never hurt me . 
 well , aside from the puncturing of the skin part , but there was just no way around that . 
 i was hoping it was going to hurt less than the throbbing cut on my knee had . 
 his stubbly face rubbed against my skin and he let out a husky exhale . 
 i found that i did too . 
 his tongue brushed against my upper , inner thigh and all fear left me . 
 i needed him to do this ... now . 
 i inhaled a deep breath and released it slowly . 
 my exhale turned into a sharp gasp when his teeth sank into my flesh . 
 it hurt , but nowhere near what i 'd been expecting . 
 he had n't bitten deeply , and the sensation was almost immediately replaced by the warmth of his tongue and his lips . 
 he made a primal , satisfied noise deep in his chest , as his hands worked at my thigh . 
 i waited to feel the warmth of blood seeping down my leg , like they showed in every vampire film i 'd ever seen , but teren did n't let one drop of my liquid gold escape his lips . 
 he was ravishing me ... he truly was devouring me . 
 and the noises he made , combined with his hands on my leg and the warmth of his tongue on my bare skin did amazing things to my body . 
 i grabbed his hair and , with a groan of my own , pulled him tighter to me . 
 he obligingly bit deeper and i gasped again , but not with pain this time . 
 i heard him swallow a few times and wondered how much he was taking . 
 i knew he 'd stop though . 
 i felt no fear , just curiosity . 
 his hands started moving down my thigh and his lips pulled away until only his tongue remained , licking the twin holes until the bleeding stopped . 
 i felt a little rubbed raw ... and completely unsatisfied . 
 damn if i had n't liked it as much as he 'd predicted . 
 he looked up at me and his eyes were faintly glowing , even with the daylight streaming into the room . 
 looking completely satiated , he smiled in drunken satisfaction . 
 i carefully sank down to my knees and pushed him back , so we were both lying on the floor of his entryway ; we were both a little breathless . 
 his fangs were still out and i could see my blood on his tongue . 
 i could n't have cared less . 
 i thoroughly kissed him , and then made him satiate me . 
 at least an hour later , we were both lying in his bed , happy and satisfied . 
 my thigh ached a little , and i was pretty sure i 'd be bruised a bit around the circular wounds , but i did n't care about that either . 
 his biting me had been the most intimate thing i 'd ever experienced with a man-human or vampire . 
 i sighed in contentment . 
 snuggling tight to me , he kissed my head . 
 `` see ... i told you , you might like it . '' 
 i looked up at him . 
 `` yeah ... well , that does n't mean you get to just bite me all willy-nilly . 
 i do n't want to look like some junky , with track marks all up and down my body . '' 
 he chuckled and leaned over to kiss my ear . 
 `` i can be discreet , '' he whispered . 
 i sat up on my elbow and looked down on him . 
 my brown hair swept across my bare shoulder . 
 he grabbed a strand and brushed it back behind my ear . 
 `` you enjoyed that a lot more than i expected , '' i said . 
 averting his eyes , he bit his lip . 
 he almost looked worried . 
 i brought his chin back around to face me . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 it 's a part of who you are . 
 it just surprised me , that 's all . '' 
 sighing , he looked over my face . 
 `` it surprised me too , '' he said quietly . 
 he sat up in bed and i sat all the way up with him . 
 he brought his knees up under the sheets and laced his arms over the top of them . 
 closing his magnificent eyes , he sighed again . 
 `` the desire is getting stronger in me . 
 i 'm starting to crave it ... and ... '' he stopped talking and opened his eyes . 
 he warily watched me , but did n't say anything . 
 i could tell he did n't want to tell me whatever he was thinking about . 
 i put a hand on his arm . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 he looked past me , at the far wall . 
 `` i 'm starting to notice people , notice you . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 he returned his eyes to mine . 
 he tried to smile , but failed and shook his head instead . 
 `` i notice your heartbeat , the pulse of your veins ... the smell of blood on you . '' 
 he looked down at his knees . 
 `` i was working in my office when you came in . 
 i heard your car in the drive , but i wanted to finish the article i was doing ... '' he looked back up . 
 `` but when you opened the door and the smell of fresh blood hit me ... i was downstairs before i even realized it . 
 i could n't stop myself , and i could n't control rushing down ... to be near it . '' 
 i swallowed . 
 he had appeared almost instantly the moment i 'd walked into the house . 
 he had smelled me ... from upstairs ? 
 i asked a question i did n't really want an answer to , but i needed to know the level of danger i was in being around him . 
 `` did you want to attack me ? 
 take it from me ? '' 
 he tried to look away again , but i grabbed his cheek and made him hold my gaze . 
 there was clear guilt on his face and i knew the answer before he even opened his mouth . 
 `` yes . 
 for a fraction of a fraction of a second ... i wanted to rip your throat out . '' 
 i dropped my hand from his face as he admitted to the intensity with which he had wanted my blood . 
 i had never anticipated those kinds of thoughts being in his head . 
 wanting a nibble was one thing , wanting to bathe in my blood as he destroyed my jugular , was quite another . 
 his guilty look increased as he studied my stricken face . 
 `` emma ... i 've never felt that before-ever . 
 it scared me . '' 
 he whispered that last part and looked at the sheets . 
 i composed myself , and tried to imagine the guilt and remorse he must be feeling at the horrific thought that had entered his brain . 
 but it was only a split-second thought . 
 he had n't done anything that i had n't willingly offered to him . 
 i grabbed his chin again and gave him a light kiss . 
 `` you did n't , teren . 
 you did n't do anything wrong . '' 
 i twisted my lips in amusement , as he watched me with sad eyes . 
 `` i practically had to gift wrap my thigh for you . '' 
 shaking his head , he grabbed my hand and held it in his . 
 `` i still thought it . 
 and i 've never thought that way before . 
 i 've never seen people purely as ... food . '' 
 he looked down at our entwined fingers . 
 `` i 'm worried that after the change ... maybe i 'm wrong ... maybe i 'll be ... '' i stopped his crazy train of thought . 
 `` no . '' 
 he looked up at the conviction in my voice . 
 `` you wo n't , teren . 
 not you . 
 today just took you by surprise , that 's all . 
 once you get used to the new desires ... you 'll be fine . 
 and you can taste me , if you really need it . 
 okay ? '' 
 he nodded briefly . 
 his arms slid around me ; one hand trailed down my body to my thigh . 
 he brushed the red dots there with the back of his knuckle . 
 `` did i hurt you very much ? '' 
 his voice was soft and husky , as his eyes followed the motion of his finger under the sheets . 
 i grabbed his cheek and kissed him . 
 `` no ... of course not . 
 i barely felt it . '' 
 after the initial prick anyway . 
 he tilted his head as he looked at me in adoration . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 i smiled as i wrapped my arms around him . 
 `` i love you , too . 
 i must , i 've never let anyone bite my thigh before . '' 
 chuckling , he pulled us both back down to the pillows . 
 he did n't bite me again for a while . 
 i kind of thought it would get all tangled up with sex , and he 'd take a draw every time we were intimate , but he did n't . 
 he claimed i needed time to recuperate between feedings , but i got the feeling he just did n't want to get used to it , like i was some special treat that he only got on occasion . 
 call me crazy , but that made me feel kind of worshipped . 
 when he did bite me again , a couple weeks later , it was nearly euphoric . 
 we 'd been enjoying a bright afternoon , lying in the sun on the second story balcony . 
 i was in my red `` bite me '' bikini and , needing a drink , i 'd excused myself and slipped back into the house . 
 as i was walking along the bookcase lined hallway that overlooked the living room , he had come up behind me with that blinding speed of his , and slipped his arms around me . 
 he had me lying across the suddenly cleared off desk in his office in three seconds . 
 both of us breathing heavier , he ran his teeth along my outer hip all the way to the inside of my still-virgin thigh . 
 i may have asked him to bite me . 
 frankly , i may have begged him to do it . 
 he sank his teeth in and took a few long draws , while i marveled at the fact that i actually enjoyed it . 
 the holes were n't bad . 
 it kind of looked like i 'd tried a barbell piercing in my thigh , changed my mind , and took it out . 
 by the time he 'd taken the second bite , the first one had completely healed . 
 well , near completely . 
 two tiny specks remained that no one else would think twice about , not that many people were staring at my inner thigh . 
 but the thrill of the memory gave me a rush whenever i peeked at them . 
 with my aversion to pain , i 'd never have suspected that biting would be a fetish of mine . 
 good thing i ended up with a vampire , i guess . 
 i confided my secret love to ashley a few days later , when we met for lunch during my break at work . 
 `` really ... you let him bite you ? '' 
 she seemed pretty taken aback by that , and i was n't sure if the idea weirded her out , or if she knew me so well she was surprised i 'd allow such a thing . 
 probably the latter . 
 `` yeah ... i kinda like it . '' 
 okay , i really , really like it , but no need to creep her out , if she was n't already . 
 ashley shrugged . 
 `` not something i 'd peg you for , but all right . '' 
 she took a sip of her soda and then eyed me critically . 
 `` you 're being careful about it ? '' 
 i scrunched my brows , confused . 
 she sighed . 
 `` emma ... he 's a. . . '' 
 she looked around at the semi-crowded diner , and at the couple of people staring at her , and she did n't finish her statement . 
 instead she said , `` you 're kind of playing with fire , if you know what i mean . '' 
 i cringed at her choice of words , but i did understand what she meant . 
 she was worried about him losing control and killing me . 
 not something every sister has to worry about . 
 `` he would never harm me , ash . 
 he would n't even do it at all , if i did n't ask him to , and he barely ... '' i looked around as well and lowered my already soft voice . 
 `` he barely takes any when he does it . 
 no need to worry about me . '' 
 ashley sighed but nodded as she took another sip of her drink . 
 i thought again of my horrid conversation/fight with teren about changing her . 
 i wondered if i should tell ash about it . 
 should i even bring up the idea , if teren was so dead set against it , if it was n't really an option ? 
 should i give her that hope , if there was none ? 
 although , teren was not the only vampire-mix that i knew of ... i stopped that thought right in its track . 
 the surest way to end our relationship would be to have another member of his family turn ashley behind his back . 
 no , if it was going to happen ... he had to be the one to do it , or at least okay it . 
 to get my mind off of what i really wanted to talk to her about , i mentioned the other thing that had been getting bigger and bigger in my head every day . 
 `` teren 's family wants us to have a baby ... and i 'm thinking about doing it . '' 
 she spat up her drink and started coughing . 
 `` are you crazy , emma ? '' 
 she coughed some more and wiped her mouth . 
 `` you 've been together what , three , four months now ? 
 are you going to marry him ? 
 can vamp ... can he even have children ? '' 
 i waited until her coughing eased before i answered . 
 i did n't know how to say this ... she did n't know he was dying . 
 teren 's blunt way was too harsh , too final sounding . 
 i needed a gentler way . 
 `` well , i do n't know about the marriage part yet , but ... because of what he is , he only has a few more months where he can make a child . 
 after that , he 'll be essentially sterile . 
 we ca n't risk the exposure of going to a fertility clinic , so , if we 're going to ... '' i shrugged . 
 her patchwork face turned sympathetic . 
 `` wow ... so you really have to decide your whole future now , or you 'll lose it forever , wo n't you ? '' 
 she put a hand on my arm . 
 `` you could always adopt later , emma . '' 
 fanged , black-haired children danced in my brain while i thought about that . 
 `` it 's not that simple ... and the family really wants to keep the line alive . '' 
 i gave her a pointed look . 
 `` their lineage is special . '' 
 she nodded and sat back in her chair , her scarred hand rubbing her lip . 
 `` you 're right ... it 's not that simple . '' 
 i smiled weakly and shrugged again . 
 `` what do i do ? 
 it may already be too late . 
 it can take a while to get pregnant , and i 've been on pills ... we do n't have the luxury of time . '' 
 ashley dropped her hand to her lap as she thought . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 but if you do decide to get pregnant , it should be because the both of you want a child , not to please his family or keep his heritage alive . '' 
 i nodded and found myself dabbing sudden tears from the corner of my eyes . 
 interesting ... was i crying over the idea of having his child , or the idea of never having his child ? 
 i found myself thinking about those tears all throughout my day . 
 and you know how sometimes when you 're dwelling on something , everything around you suddenly relates to the thing you 're dwelling on ? 
 that was my day . 
 everywhere i looked while i drove back to work , i saw mothers pushing strollers . 
 then tracey told me about hot ben 's sixteen-year-old cousin that just got knocked up ; she was still claiming she was a virgin . 
 likely story that . 
 every other cubicle i passed as i left work had a baby picture prominently displayed in it . 
 some man in the lobby was congratulating another man , whose wife had just given birth to a healthy , happy eight-pound baby boy . 
 i passed not one , not two , but three cars with those yellow `` baby on board '' signs . 
 and lastly , on the drive back home , i saw a black-haired , pale-eyed little boy playing at the park . 
 he so easily could have been teren 's , that i almost stopped the car to ask the mother who the father was . 
 i think my biological clock started ticking on that drive home . 
 teren picked me up a couple of hours later to go see a movie with tracey and ben . 
 i considered what to say to him on the way to the theater . 
 i settled for silence , because i still was n't sure exactly what i was feeling . 
 a pregnant woman in line behind us made me sigh in annoyance . 
 maybe thinking i was lonely , teren grabbed my hand , and pulled me tight to him . 
 i was n't sure exactly what i was , but i was definitely something . 
 tracey and hot ben sat in the row in front of us , holding hands and occasionally kissing each other . 
 i sighed again , and not because my boyfriend was n't equally attentive , he was , he was currently kissing my neck , but i think i sighed because of the endless amount of time tracey had to consider her future with ben . 
 i felt my future tightening around me every minute . 
 we watched the movie with our hands clasped together , and during a birthing scene-of course-i searched teren 's face . 
 his eyes were infinitesimally glowing in the dim light of the theater , but he was just casually watching the screen . 
 if he was having any thoughts on what he was seeing , that he was maybe correlating to his own life , i was n't seeing that debate in his features . 
 eventually , he noticed my attention , and he turned to smile at me . 
 i smiled back , gave him a light kiss , and laid my head on his shoulder , determined to make it through the damn movie without that clock vibrating my entire body . 
 i tried to change the direction of my thoughts on the way home , by talking about my day . 
 `` i had lunch with ashley today . '' 
 teren glanced over at me with the corner of his eye , and i was clearly getting the do n't bring up changing her vibe , as he softly said , `` oh ... yeah . '' 
 i bit back the frustration ; that heavy , barred , steel-bolted , locked door was never going to be reopened . 
 he just would n't even discuss turning ashley again , and i knew better than to bring it up . 
 well , i knew better than to directly bring it up . 
 `` i 'm not trying to start anything ... but ... why would n't halina change ashley ? 
 not that i 'd ask her to , '' i quickly tossed out , when i noticed his glance had turned into a full on glare . 
 `` i would just like to understand . '' 
 his expression softened as he gazed at me a moment , then he turned his attention back to the road . 
 `` great-gran never asked for this life . 
 it changed everything for her . 
 her husband , a normal existence for her daughter ... never being able to see the sun again . 
 she misses that ... everyday . '' 
 he returned his eyes to me ; they were full of compassion . 
 `` she wo n't bring another person into her torment . 
 she just ... wo n't . '' 
 we passed the street before mine , and i noticed a pair of new parents , beaming as they opened the front door of their house-a car seat was carefully cradled between their arms . 
 well , was n't that peachy ? 
 i just could n't seem to get away from this today . 
 `` then why do they want a child ? 
 is n't that bringing another person into the life ? '' 
 he shook his head and gazed back to the road . 
 `` being mixed is different than being full . '' 
 he flicked a glance at me and shrugged . 
 `` look at me . 
 i enjoy nearly everything a human does-sun , silver , a regular job and a regular life . '' 
 yeah , just a regular joe ... only with no more heartbeat in a few more months . 
 teren bit his lip and was very quiet as he pulled down my street , and into my drive . 
 i could see that he was thinking of something he wanted to tell me , but either he did n't know how to say it , or he did n't know how i 'd react to it . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 turning the car off , he twisted in his seat to face me . 
 `` the day i told you ... the day you saw my teeth , you made a comment that was ... '' he smiled warmly at me , `` right on the money . '' 
 i scrunched my brows , trying to remember that conversation ; a lot had been said and done that night . 
 he explained when he saw my confusion . 
 `` you said that i should marry a full vampire and have a child with her , if i did n't want to dilute the line . 
 having a child with an undead vampire is n't actually possible , but ... your theory is what my family is hoping for . '' 
 i tried to grasp what he was saying but i could n't quite get there . 
 teren filled in the blanks for me . 
 `` they are hoping that one day , if we keep having children with humans ... the vampirism will genetically fade out , and they 'll be ... '' `` human , '' i breathed , suddenly understanding . 
 he nodded , his expression serious . 
 `` yes . 
 they want our line to be human again . '' 
 i stared at him with a blank expression that must have looked like confusion to him , but i suddenly knew exactly what i wanted . 
 `` i 'll do it , '' i said calmly , no trace of indecision in my voice . 
 now he scrunched his face , confused . 
 `` i 'll have your baby , '' i explained . 
 `` we 'll try ... anyway . '' 
 teren immediately shook his head . 
 `` that 's not why i told you . 
 you do n't have to ... '' i grabbed his hand and held it with both of mine . 
 `` that 's not why i want to . 
 well , it 's not the only reason . '' 
 a bright smile stretched across my face as i squeezed his hand . 
 `` i 'm yours , forever , and i want this with you . 
 i want a family with you . '' 
 i searched his eyes , as i felt mine welling up . 
 `` i want to carry on your line , and i want to do it before it 's too late . '' 
 his gaze softened as stared at me . 
 `` have you been thinking about this a lot ? '' 
 `` yes ... in the back of my mind . '' 
 remembering my day , i shook my head . 
 `` but today ... i kept seeing signs everywhere and i do n't know-it just feels like i 'm supposed to do this , like we 're supposed to do this . '' 
 his eyes narrowed as he studied my resolved expression . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i firmly stated . 
 he was still solemn and i frowned . 
 `` do n't you want to have a baby with me ? '' 
 he stared into my eyes for a long time without responding . 
 i felt the entire world slip away as our gazes locked . 
 time stood still and for the moment , the only thing that mattered was this perfectly starry night , and my vampire and me beneath it , safe and secluded in his quiet car . 
 and of course ... his answer , which he finally gave me . 
 `` yes . '' 
 the next day i was giddy to tell someone about teren 's and my crazy plan to jumpstart our family . 
 i was all smiles as i sat in my teeny cubicle and listened to clarice boss me around . 
 i wanted to shout at her , `` guess what ? 
 i just tossed out my birth control pills this morning ! '' 
 i did n't , though . 
 i poked my head over the wall at tracey once clarice left , but tracey looked glum so i did n't mention my pregnancy plan . 
 she explained that last night , after the movie , she and ben had gone out for drinks and he had told her that he loved her . 
 now , for most girls , hearing a really cute , sweet boy say those words , would be cause for celebration , but for tracey ... well , i could almost hear the funeral march on poor hot ben and his misguided heart . 
 i encouraged her that that was a good thing , and they would surely work out and have a great life together . 
 was n't i peppy , optimism girl today ? 
 she nodded , said `` sure , '' and then went back to staring at her computer , brooding . 
 i knew that before the end of the day , she would have a list of reasons why he just was n't right for her . 
 they would n't make it to the weekend . 
 i exhaled a sad sigh as i sat back down . 
 i had really enjoyed our little foursome . 
 i suppose having a baby with my soon-to-be dead boyfriend , would have irrevocably changed the relationship anyway . 
 i held in my giddy excitement until after work when i cancelled dinner plans with teren to go to ashley 's and tell her all about my future baby while mom was out with some girlfriends . 
 i suppose my choice was counterproductive to the actual making of a baby , but i was too excited to share my decision with someone and she , aside from being my best friend , was the only person in the world i could share the news with . 
 we sat on the living room floor with a half-gallon of peppermint ice cream and giggled over the idea of me being hugely pregnant with a vampire baby . 
 ash had kind of expected my decision after our lunch yesterday , so she was n't too surprised at my announcement . 
 and because she loved me , she kept whatever fear and doubt she must have had to herself , and she only showed me unconditional support . 
 i loved my sister . 
 mom eventually came back home from her evening with the girls and , laughing at the sight of us hunched over a container of ice cream , she grabbed a spoon of her own and sat in-between us . 
 we switched to topics suitable for a parent in the room , and the three of us chatted , bonded and devoured our version of a tasty snack . 
 after leaving mom and ashley 's , i drove straight to teren 's place . 
 i did n't even think about it , i just instinctually did it . 
 really , i was thinking about ashley 's reaction to my news and what i 'd tell mom in a few months when i did , hopefully , get pregnant . 
 i had a feeling she 'd take it pretty well , too . 
 there was something about being a grandmother that brought out the acceptance in parents . 
 plus , she liked teren , loved him , even . 
 i still was n't sure how to explain him to her ... but i supposed i had years before she noticed that he never looked any older . 
 with his camouflaging stubble and rugged good looks , he could pull off looking twenty-five for another decade , so i had plenty of time to think of an appropriate excuse . 
 teren 's lights were on as i pulled into his semi-circle drive . 
 he greeted me at my car door , and his smile was loose and casual , like he did n't care at all that i 'd cancelled our plans and then shown up afterwards anyway . 
 he only looked happy that i was with him . 
 he pulled me into his arms as i stepped out of the car and i dragged my wrist across his lips . 
 `` i 've already had dessert ... but do you want dessert ? '' 
 he crooked a smile at me in a way that was so incredibly attractive on him , and then he kissed my proffered body part and shook his head . 
 `` no , i 'm fine , thank you . '' 
 i laced that wrist around his neck . 
 `` shall we get right to the baby making then ? '' 
 laughing , teren scooped his arm under my knees and lifted me up . 
 he swept me through his open front door , like a bride being ushered across the threshold by her new husband . 
 once inside , he closed the door with his foot and walked us upstairs to his room at an achingly slow , human pace . 
 with deliberate slowness , he laid me on the bed . 
 my breath caught as he hovered over me . 
 he was so handsome . 
 a dim lamp in the corner of the room dulled the glow of his eyes , but not the love in them . 
 he adored me , heart and soul , and i saw it every time he looked at me , felt it every time he touched me . 
 i was his , and he was mine . 
 with practiced ease , he undressed me and i undressed him . 
 when we were both bare , his eyes drifted over my body , like he was memorizing me . 
 his fingers quickly followed his gaze , and every section of skin that he touched tingled with excitement . 
 i wanted him . 
 his hand rested on my stomach , where our future child would hopefully be growing soon . 
 his expression was peaceful and hopeful , like he was wishing the same thing . 
 then his grin turned devilish , and his fingers traveled south . 
 that did me in . 
 i was more than ready , and i needed him now . 
 i grabbed his shoulders and pulled him over the top of me . 
 as soon as he was lined up , he pushed into me . 
 a satisfied groan escaped us once we were one ; there was nothing in the world quite like the moment we joined together . 
 teren started to move , and i clawed at his back , his hips . 
 i wanted more , but i also never wanted this feeling to end . 
 inevitably , it did end though . 
 breathless , hearts racing , we finished at the same time . 
 the connection and closeness i felt when we cried out in unison was indescribable . 
 he slumped against me to catch his breath , then rolled onto his back . 
 i snuggled into the crook of his arm , happy , satisfied and deeply in love . 
 we had n't been finished nearly five minutes , before i started giggling . 
 i was pretty sure i knew the answer to my question , but in my excitement , i asked it anyway . 
 `` do you think i 'm pregnant now ? '' 
 i let out a content sigh and laid my cheek on his heart-heavy chest . 
 he laughed deep within his body and ran a hand through my hair . 
 `` patience ... it will happen when it 's supposed to . '' 
 black-haired children filled my mind and i sighed again , a little less contently . 
 `` time is the one thing we do n't have a lot of , teren . '' 
 i pressed my ear to his chest and relished each steady thump . 
 i was constantly surprised by how much i wanted his child . 
 maybe it was the fact that we only had a little over three months left , assuming that he did n't die before his birthday , of course , that had my desire for it kicked into overdrive . 
 teren sighed with a sound that matched my own , and i wondered if he now wanted this as badly as i did , if my acceptance of it had kicked in his desire . 
 if that were the case , i might be spending the next three months flat on my back in his bed . 
 i smiled into his chest . 
 i could think of worse ways to pass the time . 
 `` i know , emma , '' he whispered as he stroked my hair . 
 thinking about time , brought my mind around to the inevitableness of mine ending . 
 i was n't sure about teren , but i was sure about me . 
 my life was finite . 
 i was n't sure if i wanted to know the question rolling around in my head , but curiosity drove it out of me . 
 `` would our child be ... immortal ? '' 
 i looked up at his face , to see if he was going to laugh at me , but his pale eyes only regarded me with love . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 we 're not sure how long any of us mixed vampires will live . '' 
 i raised myself up to his elbows on his chest . 
 `` oh ... what about halina ? '' 
 then he did laugh . 
 `` i think great-gran will be around until someone stakes the old bat . '' 
 he continued laughing , then shrugged . 
 `` as for the rest of us ... there just are n't any others like us , so we have no idea . '' 
 he showed me a one-sided smile . 
 `` we 're all watching gran very closely . '' 
 he winked and i laughed at him . 
 `` you 're very odd . '' 
 `` so i 've been told . '' 
 smiling , he ran his hand back through my hair . 
 i swallowed at the look of immense love on his face . 
 `` will you miss me when i 've passed on ? '' 
 without missing a beat , he shook his head . 
 `` no . '' 
 i smacked his shoulder and he laughed . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 still laughing , he grabbed hold of my hand before i could smack him again . 
 `` okay , yes ... '' he grabbed both of my wrists and pulled me up on top of him . 
 `` i will wear black every day , incoherently muttering your name , as i shuffle through the meaningless existence of my bleak eternity . '' 
 i twisted my wrists to hold his hands , placing our laced fingers on either side of his head as i hovered above him . 
 `` well , that 's better . '' 
 he chuckled , then looked at me more seriously . 
 `` i do n't think i 'll have to suffer without you for long . '' 
 `` oh , why not ? '' 
 using his super speed , he instantly rolled us over , so that i was beneath him and he was hovering above me . 
 he grinned as he looked down on me . 
 `` i think i 'll simply die of boredom without you around . '' 
 pursing my lips , i pushed him off me . 
 he lay on his side , propped up on his elbow , gazing down at me . 
 `` well , assuming you make it through the boredom of my absence ... would you live for hundreds , maybe thousands of years ? '' 
 he shrugged again , his muscles flexing with the movement . 
 `` it 's possible ... if we end up to be more like vampires in that sense then , yeah , we 'll live until we ca n't stand another second of the monotony and we stake ourselves . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` that 's not something you should have to decide . '' 
 he cocked his head and scrunched his brow , not following me . 
 `` your death , '' i explained . 
 `` no one should have to choose when to die . 
 it should n't be up to you . '' 
 he relaxed his features and gave me a wry smile . 
 `` it may not be . 
 vampires are n't universally loved . 
 some people have certain ... prejudices . 
 if we were ever discovered ... '' he shrugged again . 
 `` i could be staked tomorrow . '' 
 i sat up on my elbows . 
 `` what ? 
 you really think you 'd be attacked by villagers with pitchforks ? '' 
 he grinned , and i continued , `` i do n't think the culture is like that anymore . '' 
 i shifted to my side and sat up on an elbow , so we were facing each other . 
 `` i think you 'd be a rock star . 
 you 'd be the most famous person in the world . 
 you 'd have photographers tracking your every move , people lined up for miles to catch a glimpse of you , and girls everywhere , throwing themselves at you , begging to be bitten . '' 
 i raised an eyebrow at that particular thought . 
 he raised his eyebrows right back at me . 
 `` that does n't sound like much of a life . 
 well , the girls part would n't be so bad . '' 
 i shoved his shoulder back and he leaned in to kiss me . 
 `` it would n't be quite so glamorous . 
 not everyone 's a fan . '' 
 i shook my head and ran a hand down his jaw . 
 `` well , either way , i 'm sure you 'll outlive me . '' 
 i smirked and rested my hand on his heart . 
 `` i 'll be a pile of dust before you know it . '' 
 he smirked back . 
 `` thanks ... i 'm really trying to not think about that . '' 
 i gazed at him for long , silent seconds , my heart swelling with love and sadness . 
 `` protect our child and our child 's child and that child 's child . 
 live as long as you can , '' i seriously told him . 
 he cocked his head at me , his expression equally full of joy and pain . 
 `` sometimes , i wish there was a way to make you just like me ... '' i smiled and blinked back the tears . 
 `` but there is n't ... and i do n't want to be a full vampire , not that you 'd change me any more than you 'd change ash . '' 
 i kissed him and a tear escaped the very corner of my eye . 
 `` we 'll just take each day as we 're given it ... okay ? '' 
 he nodded , and one small tear rolled down his cheek . 
 i had to swallow several times to stop the urge to sob at seeing the love of my life so emotional over the thought of outliving me , grotesquely outliving me . 
 i did n't know if i 'd have the strength , if our roles were reversed . 
 but , he 'd have his family for support and hopefully , he 'd have our child as well . 
 i kissed him again , deeper than before , and he wrapped me in his arms , almost as if , by holding me tight , he could stop my all-too-soon finale . 
 <br/> we tried every tip there was . 
 we tried the best recommended positions , and there were about five , since no one could seem to agree on it . 
 we tried it first thing in the morning , the middle of the afternoon , and right before bed . 
 for a while , we even tried the not moving afterwards for twenty minutes thing . 
 well , okay , there was no we involved with that one ... just me . 
 no , he got to go downstairs for a midnight snack , while i hung out , looking like an idiot with my legs up against the wall . 
 yeah , it was as lame as it sounds . 
 i quickly gave up on that one . 
 i tried eating certain foods and avoiding others . 
 i gave up my sweet , yummy afternoon coffee treats . 
 i triple checked his underwear , making sure his clothes were ... loose enough . 
 giggling like idiots , we even tried getting completely wasted and hav ** g s * x in his car , in the driveway , of course . 
 it worked for teenage girls everywhere , so i figured i 'd give it a shot . 
 we were only slightly over two weeks into it and already teren was having a great time . 
 he told me on numerous occasions that we should have been trying to have a baby months ago . 
 i rolled my eyes at that , but his comment did bring up some bad feelings . 
 we 'd never gone back to his parents ' place since `` the weekend . '' 
 we 'd left so abruptly , and i still felt a bit guilty . 
 there were plenty of back-and-forth conversations with his family though , and i apologized to his mother every chance i got . 
 she always assured me that apologies were n't necessary , and that they were the ones who had been rude , but now that we actually were trying and we had every intention of giving them the heir they craved , i felt like it was the perfect time to go back . 
 teren did n't seem quite so sure . 
 occasionally on the phone , i 'd hear some foreign words being spouted , none too politely , and i 'd place a flag in my brain to ask him what he was still arguing about with his mom . 
 if they were bugging him about a baby , then he should just tell them that we were trying . 
 i 'd never heard him mention it , but it did n't have to be a secret , on his side of the family at least , so he could certainly tell them . 
 in fact , he probably should , although , i liked the idea of telling them in person . 
 when he hung up the phone , and my question was on the very tip of my tongue , he would distract me with that darn capable mouth of his , and i would completely forget about both asking what they were discussing , and demanding that he teach me his secret language . 
 but if i mentioned visiting again , he 'd sigh and say , `` it went so badly last time . 
 let 's just wait until you 're pregnant . '' 
 i did n't mention that there was a large possibility that i 'd never get pregnant . 
 i was n't entertaining negative thoughts-that was one of my conception tips . 
 i was n't sure how positive thinking correlated to my uterus , but i was trying to keep an open mind . 
 at work , i 'd sneak onto websites when clarice was busy with mr. peterson in his office . 
 thanks to her revelation on the nature of their relationship , i did not want to think about what they were doing in there . 
 i was researching `` signs that you might be pregnant '' -lrb- wishful thinking on my part -rrb- when tracey popped her head up . 
 i immediately snapped over to an excel spreadsheet , but her eyes widened a bit-she 'd seen . 
 `` oh my god ! 
 are you ... ? '' 
 she pointed to my stomach . 
 i flushed all over and crossed my legs , resting my arms protectively over my stomach . 
 `` no , no , of course not . 
 have you heard from ben ? '' 
 her face fell immediately . 
 after hot ben had made the mistake of professing his love for her , she had indeed come up with a list of reasons why the honeymoon was over . 
 she broke his heart , dumping him cold . 
 i had n't seen or heard from him since . 
 tracey never talked about him , but in a move that i had never , ever seen from her before , she did n't talk about anyone else either . 
 if i did n't know any better , i 'd say she was mourning the loss of him . 
 my bringing him up evaporated the embarrassingly obvious website from her mind . 
 with life draining from her face , she ruefully pouted , `` no ... he has n't called or tried to come over . 
 he did n't even send me flowers . '' 
 tracey was used to a little bit of `` take me back '' wooing after her guy-dumps . 
 i think the fact that ben had just seemed to disappear was unnerving her more than she 'd anticipated . 
 `` well you did dump him , trace . '' 
 `` i know ... but he said he loved me . 
 should n't he try ? 
 should n't he fight for me ? '' 
 she tilted her head and i could see tears-actual tears-forming . 
 this was new . 
 `` tracey ... do you love him ? '' 
 tracey usually never dwelled on dumped beaus , and she definitely never cried . 
 she instantly shook her head . 
 `` of course not . 
 do n't be silly . '' 
 she dropped back down to her side of the wall and i thought i heard light crying over the rustle and bustle of office noises . 
 hmmm ... very new . 
 maybe if hot ben did show up again , there was hope for them yet . 
 since our weekly habit of going out with tracey and ben was now over , teren and i had been going out with ashley instead . 
 she loved hanging out with us , and she always had a new vamp-related question for teren . 
 he answered every question patiently , and nothing was ever off-limits for my sister to ask . 
 she never asked him about turning someone , like , maybe her , which i 'll admit , saddened me some . 
 a part of me was hoping that if she asked him directly , with no prompting from me , he would n't be able to resist her . 
 i had no desire to become a dark-dwelling creature , but for ashley ... that evening , we were getting ready for another fun filled outing with my sister . 
 teren was standing in front of the massive wall of windows in his living room , laughing on his cell phone with a co-worker who had given him four tickets to a giants game tonight . 
 good baseball tickets in san francisco were hard to come by , the stadium frequently sold out , and these seats were really , really good . 
 from what i could overhear of the conversation , his friend was leaving the tickets at will-call . 
 once he was off the phone , we were going to go pick up ashley . 
 since we had an extra ticket , and mom loved a good game , and a good stadium dog , she was coming with us . 
 we were going to spend this beautiful summer evening watching an all-american game with an all-american vampire . 
 teren was focused on his conversation with mike , whose name i 'd also overheard , when his home phone rang . 
 looking at the handset resting in its charger on the table beside me , i noticed it was his mom calling and i automatically picked it up . 
 teren glanced over at me as i whispered , `` your mom . '' 
 he nodded as i pressed the talk button . 
 `` hello . '' 
 `` oh , hi , emma . 
 is teren there ? '' 
 alanna 's warm voice filled my head , and i pictured her leaning against a counter in her massive kitchen , a button-up work shirt tucked into dark blue jeans , her long hair brushing her shoulders , and a huge smile on her beautiful , youthful face . 
 i smiled at the image . 
 `` yeah , he 's on the phone . 
 do you want me to let him know you called ? '' 
 she paused . 
 `` actually ... maybe i could talk to you . '' 
 the image in my head changed to a shifty smile , as i heard a slight plotting note in her tone . 
 `` sure ... what 's up ? '' 
 `` i keep asking teren to come back out here . 
 jack misses him so much . 
 we all miss him ... and you too , of course , dear . '' 
 i could hear the warm smile returning in her voice and my mental picture shifted as well . 
 `` anyway , we 'd like both of you to come out this weekend . 
 there is something very important that we need to talk to teren about . '' 
 i blinked at the intenseness in her voice now . 
 `` of course ... of course we can do that . '' 
 we actually had important news to tell them as well . 
 i wondered what they needed to talk to teren about though . 
 her voice got hurried and rushed , like she was really late , for a really important meeting . 
 `` okay , great . 
 we 'll see you this weekend . 
 have a good evening , dear . '' 
 and then she hung up the phone . 
 i barely had a chance to say `` bye '' into the now dead line , before teren was ripping the handset out of my limp fingers . 
 his cell phone was clenched in his other hand and he was staring at me with his mouth open in disbelief . 
 `` what did you just do ? '' 
 i looked up at his face , confused . 
 `` i. . . 
 have no idea . 
 what did i just do ? '' 
 he sat down beside me on the couch and ran a hand through his hair . 
 `` you just agreed to go to my parents ' place this weekend . '' 
 i stared at him as i repeated the conversation in my head . 
 i could n't be positive , but i was pretty sure those words had never crossed my lips , which meant he had heard his mother talking through the phone , while standing over by the windows , while chatting to mike . 
 his hearing was astounding ... as was his lack of privacy . 
 i frowned at him . 
 `` i was having a private conversation . '' 
 i crossed my arms over my chest . 
 he needed to grasp the concept of boundaries , regardless of his super abilities . 
 he brushed aside my irritation with a sweep of his hand . 
 `` you were talking to my mom . '' 
 he looked at me with an intent expression as he sat with his elbows on his knees . 
 `` we should have talked about this , before you just agreed to it . '' 
 i matched his intent look . 
 `` they want to talk to you . 
 it sounded important . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i know what they 're going to say , and it 's not important . '' 
 i raised an eyebrow and waited for him to fill me in ... he did n't . 
 i sighed . 
 `` well , we have news for them . '' 
 smiling , i grabbed one of his hands ; he was still clutching the home phone with it , like somehow he could undo what i had just done , by squeezing the life out of the handset . 
 `` we can tell them we 're trying , teren . 
 think of how happy that will make them . '' 
 sighing , he shook his head . 
 `` we 're only trying . 
 there 's no guarantee ... '' `` they wo n't care , teren . 
 just trying will give them hope ... think of it . '' 
 the sullen look on his face did n't change and i frowned . 
 `` i want to go over there ... okay ? '' 
 teren closed his eyes and i could see the resignation in them when they reopened . 
 he exhaled a dramatic breath . 
 `` now you want to go into a vampire nest ? '' 
 i grinned and , removing the tightly held phone from his hand , slipped his arm around me . 
 `` yes . 
 this time ... yes , i do want to go . '' 
 he shook his head again . 
 `` it 's your funeral , '' he said even more dramatically . 
 i kissed him , lingering a bit on his softly smiling lips . 
 `` they wo n't hurt me ... not since you 've claimed me , '' i murmured between kisses . 
 pulling back , he cocked an eyebrow at me . 
 `` i 've claimed you ? '' 
 i nodded and bit my lip as i examined this beautiful man beside me , casual and perfect in his just-tight-enough giants shirt and khaki shorts . 
 i ran my hand down his chest , feeling the life beneath my fingertips as his shirt rose and fell , perhaps , just a touch faster than before . 
 my eyes watched my fingers , of their own accord , trail down his body to rest on the edge of his shorts . 
 they went under his shirt and curled over the inside of his waistband . 
 the skin of his trim waist pulled away from the backs of my fingers as his stomach clenched . 
 taking the fabric of his shorts with me , my fingers pushed back to find that skin . 
 they trailed back and forth along his warm stomach and his waistband , while my eyes watched them , fascinated . 
 `` we do n't have time to make a baby right now . '' 
 my eyes snapped back up to his at the sound of his clearly strained voice . 
 his eyes were unfocused , staring at my lips , and his chest was most definitely rising and falling faster . 
 enjoying his obvious reaction to my touch , i smiled demurely . 
 `` i know . '' 
 he dropped his cell phone and slapped his palm over my hand that was still caressing his stomach . 
 flattening my fingers against his waist , he said , `` then you really need to stop doing that . '' 
 i smiled a touch wider , removed my hand from under his , and ran it back up his chest . 
 i brought it up to his cheek and pressed my body along the length of his . 
 `` you 're so easy . '' 
 smiling , he kissed me . 
 the kiss deepened and his hand around my shoulder ran up my neck . 
 a wide variety of erotic options flipped through my head-every place on my body that i suddenly wanted him to touch me , sliding my leg over his and straddling him , hearing every delightful noise that action would elicit from him , running my hands back through his hair and pulling him even tighter , into a scorching kiss . 
 but the image of mom and ashley sitting on their couch , waiting for us to make an appearance that would never happen , if what we were doing kept progressing , doused my body with cold water . 
 i could n't do that to them . 
 they were looking forward to tonight , and teren and i would have plenty of time , on another occasion , to lose ourselves in each other . 
 i broke off from our intense kiss , and was surprised to see that we 'd both gotten more carried away than i 'd realized ; we were both nearly panting . 
 i almost reconsidered with the look on his face ... but i pushed him back when his lips went for mine again . 
 `` we do need to get going ... '' he tried for my lips once more , obviously not caring . 
 `` teren ... ash is waiting ... '' he pulled back , then sighed . 
 `` fine . 
 are n't i supposed to be mad at you anyway ? '' 
 i grinned , stood , and held out my hand to help him up . 
 `` you know you can never stay mad at me for long . '' 
 i tilted my head and gave him my best innocent look . 
 shaking his head , teren let me help him up . 
 `` let 's go get your mom and ashley and watch a little baseball , so i can stop thinking about your bare legs wrapped all the way around my waist , while i bite you in a spot that only your skimpiest bikini will hide . '' 
 his voice was low and silky smooth . 
 i gaped at him with my mouth wide open while he grabbed his phone and his wallet . 
 trying to remember why we had to leave , i stood there like that for several achingly long seconds . 
 eventually , it took teren laughing , grabbing my hand , and pulling me out the door with him to remember . 
 that 's right ... baseball . 
 it had never sounded more boring in all my life , and i loved baseball . 
 teren eyed me pensively throughout the game , and i had the feeling that he was dwelling on this upcoming weekend with his parents . 
 really , he seemed more nervous about seeing them now than i had been about meeting them for the first time . 
 i was n't sure why that was . 
 surely now that we were trying for a child , he had less to worry about from his family ? 
 our seats for the game were right along first base in the front row . 
 i could practically see the beads of sweat on the back of the first-basemen 's neck , and i had a super close-up view of those incredible pants baseball players wore-truly , those pants were the real reason why a large portion of women even bothered to watch the game . 
 my sister and i were sharing a plate of nachos , while teren and my mom each had a hot dog . 
 teren and i sipped our ridiculously expensive beers as the sun sank below the stadium , casting a pinkish glow over the sky . 
 the air was cool , but not cold . 
 the whoosh of the ball met with a resounding crack of the bat , and the cheesy let 's - get-the-crowd-riled-up music , blasted out of the speakers spaced around the park . 
 it was the perfect night for baseball . 
 teren was still eyeing me speculatively , when an arizona diamondback at the plate , ripped a low-lying foul ball . 
 i had two seconds to realize that no one was going to be able to catch it , and it was coming straight for us . 
 my mom and ashley noticed as well , and i heard them gasp and shift away in their seats . 
 teren was still staring at me though , and unfortunately , he was the one that was sitting on the edge of our row , right where the ball was zipping along at what felt like the speed of light . 
 he either noticed my eyes widening or heard the collective gasp of the crowd , or quite possibly , his super accurate hearing heard the crack and calculated the destination of the ball without ever looking , but his head snapped around at the same time that his hand snapped up . 
 but not in front of his face-in front of mine . 
 his fingers curled around the ball , just as i realized that my poor vision had n't seen its trajectory clearly enough . 
 he had never been the one in danger ; my fragile head had been about to be the recipient all along . 
 we stared at each other in absolute shock . 
 warm gratitude flooded my body , but it was instantly drenched with ice-cold panic . 
 my boyfriend had just reached up and snatched a baseball-traveling quite possibly over a hundred miles an hour-out of the air , with one quick glance , barehanded , like it was no more of an effort than plucking a falling maple leaf . 
 to me , it was a neon sign flashing above his head that he was n't entirely human . 
 i wanted to glance around the stadium and search for stake wielding lunatics , but my eyes were glued on his . 
 eventually , and in actuality it had only been maybe five seconds at most , he doubled over in his chair and clutched his hand , letting the ball roll onto his lap . 
 i sympathetically laid an arm over his shoulder and took a chance at looking over the crowd . 
 several people around us were eyeing him with either an awed face or a man that must have hurt face , but no one was giving us the he 's a vampire , circle and stake him look . 
 i rubbed his back and whispered in his ear , `` are you okay ? '' 
 groaning and rubbing out his hand , he mumbled , `` yeah , i 'm fine . '' 
 he kept up his exaggerated pained noises for a couple more seconds , and then straightened and held his hand up to the crowd . 
 there was some applause near us and then everyone relaxed again , seeing that he was okay . 
 my mom and ashley gushed at what an incredible sight that had been , and my mom remarked that she 'd never seen someone move that fast . 
 ashley winked at her comment and reached over me to squeeze his knee . 
 teren nodded and smiled at the both of them , and then looked at me and let out a soft sigh . 
 `` that was too close , '' he whispered , as he kissed me . 
 `` you should n't have done that . '' 
 i said it no more than a faint breeze over my lips , knowing he would hear it . 
 he leaned in to whisper in my ear , since i did n't have his perceptibility . 
 `` i could n't just let it hit you . '' 
 i looked over at him and sternly said , `` do n't expose yourself for me . '' 
 he frowned and leaned into my ear again . 
 `` i would stake myself to protect you , and there is nothing you can say to make that truth go away , so will you please stop being all noble and self-sacrificing and just thank me already . '' 
 i blinked and pulled away to see him grinning a crooked smile at me . 
 i laughed and then leaned in to kiss the hand that had saved me from a world of pain . 
 `` thank you . 
 did that hurt ? '' 
 he shook his hand out a little and flexed it . 
 `` it did n't feel good . 
 nothing is broken , but i 'm going to have a pretty decent bruise tomorrow . '' 
 he showed me the edge of his palm , where it was redder than the rest . 
 i wondered for a second if he could smell the blood pooling under his skin . 
 i kissed his injured palm , then leaned back into his shoulder . 
 still smiling , he twirled his hard-won ball over and over in his other hand . 
 `` i 'll thank you properly later , '' i murmured . 
 i felt him chuckle and kiss my head and we watched the rest of the game , from our almost too-close seats , in relative peace and quiet . 
 we ducked out after the game . 
 a few people did stop him to pat him on the back and tell him what an amazing catch that was . 
 thankfully , the cameras had n't been fast enough to record him casually reaching up to snag a ball from in front of my face , or we would have been enduring replay after replay of the event on espn . 
 as it was , all they had was a shot of him clutching his hand and then showing it to the crowd . 
 they only played the clip twice and , although it was pretty impressive that someone had caught a ball barehanded like that , he looked completely normal and human in the clip , so we watched it with easy grins on our faces . 
 well , his grin was easy ... mine was a little lusty . 
 my vampire looked damn good onscreen . 
 after watching his victorious television debut , we picked up where we left off before leaving for the game , and i thoroughly thanked him for his superhuman abilities . 
 teren seemed in a more upbeat mood when he picked me up the next night to head over to his parents ' place . 
 i supposed he 'd had a great afternoon , telling his co-workers about his impressive catch . 
 mike especially , since he would have been the one sitting in that seat last night if he had gone to the game . 
 i wondered how teren had modified the story to make it seem more human . 
 turned the straight-line fowl into a lofty pop fly maybe ? 
 i 'd have to ask him in case anyone asked me . 
 interesting , how dating a vampire had taught me to corroborate stories . 
 he walked through my front door and kissed me , then reached down to pick up my full bags . 
 i had debated having him pack again , since he was so good at it , but after deciding that i could be self-sufficient , i had packed it myself . 
 i was a little surprised that he wanted to head up on a friday night . 
 with all his hemming and hawing , i thought for sure he 'd at least postpone it until saturday afternoon . 
 but he had an exciting story to tell , and he was looking forward to getting up there now . 
 on the drive over , he started talking about the game , and how eager he was to tell his dad about the catch and show him the deepening bruise on his palm . 
 he 'd even brought the ball to give to him . 
 i smiled at the very human response of wanting to make your parent proud of your abilities , even if you were genetically enhanced . 
 we bounced down their super-long driveway and i inhaled a deep breath as the mansion that was the adams ranch came into view . 
 it was spectacular . 
 my human mind had dulled the memory of it , and now my brain was being scorched by its perfect beauty . 
 the late rays of the sun cast a red glow on the already red tiles , making them gleam like bright red drops of blood . 
 the stark whiteness of the stucco walls further emphasized the crimson roof , and i almost expected that roof to start dripping like a fresh wound . 
 i could n't help but think how fitting the style of the home was for a group of vampires , what with the bone white and blood red coloring . 
 i swallowed as i remembered that this group of vampires were n't entirely innocent , and were n't entirely giant kitty cats , like jack had assured me they were . 
 i placed a hand on my stomach . 
 they would never hurt me . 
 i had something they wanted-a willing uterus . 
 and i had something even more important than that to assure my safety ... teren 's heart . 
 that was most definitely sacred to them . 
 teren put the car in park beside the zippy looking sports car , which had to be halina 's . 
 i could easily picture her in a skintight dress , flying down a pitch-black highway with her wild black hair streaming behind her . 
 of course , i then had to picture her speeding into the city , to pick up a cute boy or two ... not relevant , i reminded myself . 
 i was n't going to think about that right now . 
 my eyes shifted to the meticulously inlaid rocks that formed a perfect line , just below midpoint , all the way along the home . 
 as teren walked around to my door , i marveled at how perfectly each rock had been chosen and twisted into place , so that it seamlessly created a natural looking wall . 
 i laughed to myself . 
 a wall of stone to protect the vampires sleeping inside ... just like a real medieval castle . 
 i was smiling at that thought as teren pulled me from my seat . 
 his eyes were softly glowing in the darkness of the parking area , in the cleanness of the non-light polluted country air , but i did n't feel the pull that i had felt the last time we were here . 
 i kissed his cheek and clutched his hand , turning away from those engaging eyes . 
 i was willing to follow him anywhere ... no creepy , hypnotic light needed . 
 we walked under the massive overhang in front of the solid looking front doors , and i grinned at the merrily twinkling lights strung up under the eaves of the huge timbers . 
 that was a feminine touch . 
 alanna 's hand probably ; she had exquisite taste . 
 we reached the doors just as they swung open . 
 alanna embraced her son at human speed , her arms wrapping around him and her head resting on his shoulder . 
 teren was not surprised in the slightest at her perfect timing , and he would n't be , what with that quaint blood connection that they shared . 
 he would have known exactly where in the house she 'd been waiting , where all of them were waiting . 
 i watched mother and son with a soft smile on my lips that eventually shifted into shock . 
 alanna 's face was turned towards me and her pale eyes were shut , as she enjoyed having her son near her again . 
 but what had me startled , was the small river of blood escaping the corner of her inner eye . 
 it was n't like the blood that had run down my leg when my knee had been sliced open . 
 it was thinner , pinker , like it was diluted with water or some other substance . 
 it did n't look like she was injured . 
 it looked like she was crying-tears of blood . 
 i supposed that worked with the whole vampire thing , but it was still pretty shocking to see . 
 teren did n't cry a whole lot , but i wondered if that would happen to him , once he changed . 
 alanna pulled back to gaze at him . 
 `` we 've missed you , son . '' 
 teren sighed and ran a thumb over her tear , wiping it away . 
 `` do n't cry , mom . 
 everything 's fine . '' 
 alanna nodded and detached from him . 
 straightening herself , she brushed away the bloody tears and turned to face me . 
 with a beaming smile , she embraced me just as tightly as she had teren . 
 `` thank you for getting him here , '' she whispered . 
 i knew teren had heard her comment , but the whispering clearly conveyed her emotion , and i warmly returned her squeeze . 
 jack was behind alanna and greeted us congenially after she stepped away . 
 he clapped teren on the back as they went over to get our bags from the car . 
 while the boys grabbed our things , i could hear teren going into the excitement of the game with his father . 
 here was the only male he could really boast with , without changing one single thing about the story . 
 by the look on his face , and the tone of his voice , i could tell it was a relief for him to talk about it without having to hold anything back . 
 i again wondered why we did n't visit more often . 
 alanna herded me into the house . 
 as we walked past the sun portrait that had so moved me the last time i 'd been here , i pointed it out to her . 
 `` that sunrise painting sure is beautiful . '' 
 alanna paused and looked at it , almost as if my saying something had reminded her that it was there . 
 she took her fingers and lightly trailed them down the canvas . 
 a heavy sigh escaped her . 
 `` it 's a sunset . '' 
 her voice was low and soft and filled with sympathy . 
 `` halina painted this . 
 it was the last sunset she ever saw . 
 the last beautiful thing she ever saw ... right before she was changed . '' 
 i stared at it again , in awe . 
 the meticulous brush strokes , the layer upon layer of color , the perfect recapturing of the glorious beauty of light . 
 it could have been painted by any of the renaissance masters , but it was painted by a forever nineteen vampire . 
 a vampire , who as teren once told me , longed for the sun daily . 
 i tried to imagine what she had been like as a young , pregnant human wife , watching her final sunset , committing it to memory , not even realizing at the time that it would be the last one she ever saw . 
 the picture was so vastly different from the sultry , laughing hunter that i 'd met before , that i almost could n't envision it . 
 but that human woman was in halina somewhere , and it had painted this masterpiece , and the longing in it tore my heart . 
 `` it 's all right , dear . '' 
 alanna placed a cool arm around my shoulder and stroked it . 
 i realized i 'd started to cry and , embarrassed , brushed aside the few tears . 
 alanna only smiled at me and led me into the kitchen , where she said her mom was just finishing up dinner , so she hoped i was hungry . 
 i smiled-she 'd said almost the exact same thing the last time i 'd been here . 
 imogen greeted me the moment my feet touched the stone tiles of the kitchen floor . 
 she swept me into a cool embrace and i forcefully blocked the knowledge that i now had of her past hunting experience from my head . 
 she was still the sweet , grandmotherly figure that i remembered from my first encounter , and i just could n't see her any other way . 
 she pulled back from her embrace to look at me and regret marked her youthful features . 
 `` i 'm so sorry about the last time you were here , dear . 
 that was so unconscionably rude of me . 
 i should never have meddled in your private affairs . '' 
 her pale eyes flicked over to alanna 's and i wondered if she 'd been coached on what to say to me . 
 i genuinely smiled back at her , knowing it did n't matter anymore . 
 teren and i were trying to give them what they , and me , wanted , and soon , they would all know that . 
 `` thank you , imogen . '' 
 `` gran , dear ... we are all still family , hopefully . '' 
 i hugged her again . 
 `` of course . '' 
 she stepped back and ran her cool hands up and down my arms before squeezing them . 
 `` quite the love fest going on up here . '' 
 i startled from imogen 's embrace as halina soundlessly breezed into the room ; it suddenly felt half its size . 
 the sun must have completely set while i 'd been reuniting with alanna and her mother . 
 halina cocked her youthful head at me , her thick , black hair following her movement . 
 i could n't stop flicking my eyes over her body ; she was wearing a skintight , blood red dress with black thigh-high boots . 
 she looked vastly out of place at a ranch , more like she should be dancing atop some table at a london hotspot . 
 she was so different in style from imogen 's skirts and loosely swept up hair , and alanna 's jeans and button-up work shirts that i began wondering if her being one hundred percent vampire had altered her behavior , or if she had just been a repressed wild child in her human youth . 
 it was still so hard to believe that this creature before me had painted that great beauty behind me . 
 `` i see the human came back . '' 
 she leaned back against the counter , grinning at me with a crooked smile . 
 she looked over at me with such a calm look of self-assurance that a chill went through me . 
 i might be off-limits to halina , but she apparently was not on an all-animal diet and that sickened me a bit . 
 i would need to double-check with teren that my friends and family were also taken off of halina 's menu . 
 in fact , if she could leave all of san francisco alone , i would sleep much better at night . 
 `` good evening , halina , '' i said , as respectfully as i could . 
 halina was the only one who never tried to alter what i called her . 
 i do n't think the words `` great-gran '' could have escaped my lips in her presence anyway . 
 suddenly , all of the women smiled and turned as one to the doorway . 
 i frowned , wondering what they were doing , until a second later , when teren entered the kitchen with his father . 
 he warmly gave his grandmother and great-grandmother a hug while jack , twirling the baseball in his fingers and grinning broadly at his son , relayed the story to his wife . 
 alanna slung her arms around her husband and listened , engrossed in his story , along with the other women in the room . 
 i watched the multiple sets of pale eyes as jack was talking , and wondered if they had heard teren telling this story to him outside , and they were listening purely out of respect . 
 i was n't quite sure how incredible their hearing was , but from all i had seen so far , it was very impressive . 
 jack finished his story and they all turned to teren with soft eyes and light chuckles . 
 all except halina , who still had her arms slung around his waist . 
 she looked up at teren with clear disapproval on her face . 
 `` you could have been exposed . '' 
 her frown deepened as she glanced at me . 
 `` nothing is worth you being shown to the world . '' 
 she looked back at his face and , for the first time , i saw true fear in her eyes . 
 it startled me and a tiny flow of compassion for her trickled into me . 
 halina searched his face as she continued in a near whisper , `` think of what they 'd do to you . '' 
 teren smiled down at her and kissed her head . 
 `` i 'm okay ... everything is fine . '' 
 he rested his head on hers , while she closed her eyes and clutched him tight , looking for all the world like she was scared that those villagers with pitchforks would burst through the front doors at any moment . 
 teren laid his eyes on mine and smiled widely . 
 `` everything is just fine . '' 
 after a few more moments of catching up , alanna ushered everyone into the massive area that they quaintly called a dining room , and we all took our respective seats . 
 jack took his traditional place at the head of the table with teren and me on one side and halina and imogen on the other . 
 again , halina sat directly across from me and eyed me with that half-grin that was so disconcerting . 
 the foot of the table was left open for alanna , who was busy flitting back and forth between the kitchen and the table , bringing in trays of food . 
 i struggled with wanting to help her , but i knew she viewed me as a guest and would only forcefully push me back under the table if i even tried to stand . 
 she was very strong ... i was n't even going to bother trying . 
 she brought out steaks and my mouth watered at the smell . 
 i noticed that one of the larger steaks was extremely rare and very bloody . 
 i almost expected it to moo at any moment . 
 i smiled at how well alanna and imogen understood teren . 
 i had n't heard him tell either woman , but they had known that he now liked his steaks much rarer than he had the last time we were here . 
 i supposed that made sense , since they had both already gone through exactly what teren was going through now . 
 i grabbed his hand under the table as he hungrily eyed that bloody steak . 
 alanna swished out the rest of the food : roasted red potatoes , sauteed mushrooms and freshly baked dinner rolls , still steaming with just-from-the-oven goodness . 
 she brought out wine and water and loaded up plates for all the humans . 
 then the carafe came out , and i felt teren drop my hand . 
 i looked over at him and watched his fangs extend before he had even tasted a drop of the blood we both knew was in there . 
 his mouth opened a touch wider , and with the steak virtually forgotten , his eyes followed the carafe , like suddenly he was a man dying of thirst and that container held his salvation . 
 without a word or a look at him , alanna poured his goblet first and immediately gave it to him , once again knowing her son 's needs . 
 he took it from her hand and drank half of it before stopping . 
 once he had some in his system , he seemed to come back to who he was and where he was , and turned to look at me . 
 i grabbed his hand under the table again and smiled . 
 he needed this . 
 it was just a part of who he was now , and i could deal with that . 
 he grinned at me with his fangs still extended and finished the rest of his drink . 
 his mother poured him another one before setting the carafe in front of halina . 
 i could see that alanna had poured glasses for everyone else while i had been busy watching teren . 
 grabbing the one she had poured for herself , she sat at the foot of the table . 
 after teren 's second glass , he seemed to relax into his chair . 
 slowly , he began to dig into his food . 
 it did n't seem to hold the appeal to him that the blood had , and i noted that for future reflection . 
 imogen asked teren about work . 
 alanna asked me about my job . 
 halina seemed to agree with me that teren should ... well , her words were `` remove '' my boss , but i felt like we were sort of on the same wave length . 
 jack asked about my family , which led to a lengthy conversation involving my childhood tragedy . 
 i studied halina 's eyes while i relayed the seriousness of my sister 's wounds to the room . 
 much to my dismay , halina , while engrossed in the story , did n't seem touched enough to offer any vampiric help . 
 the thought did n't even seem to cross her mind as i discreetly watched her . 
 maybe teren was right about her refusal to change someone , deserving or not . 
 i wrapped up my tale just as dinner was finishing up . 
 everyone looked full and happy as alanna flitted to the kitchen to bring out a chocolate cake , for the three of us still on solids . 
 it shocked me a little bit to realize that i had n't even noticed the women drinking their bloody cocktails . 
 it had n't unnerved me at all this time . 
 i was getting immune to it already . 
 i tried to see the positive in that thought . 
 we dug into the decadent dessert before us and i was pretty sure i was going to gain ten pounds this time . 
 i was also sure that now was as good a time as any to break our news . 
 and honestly , i could n't contain it any longer . 
 i 'd been dying to tell someone for so long and , here i was , seated in a room full of people who would actually be thrilled over the fact that i was trying to have a baby , out of wedlock , with a man i 'd only known for four months . 
 i cleared my throat and every vampire turned to look at me . 
 jack noticed that i had their attention and brought his head up from his cake to watch me too . 
 `` um ... '' teren grabbed my hand under the table and squeezed it , signaling that he knew what i was going to say and that he 'd let me tell it first . 
 okay , he could have been thinking that he was ready to head upstairs to that luxurious bed awaiting us , but i preferred to think he was throwing supportive thoughts my way . 
 `` teren and i are ... '' i glanced over at him and he smiled warmly and nodded-yeah , definitely being supportive . 
 i smiled back then giggled . 
 `` well , we 're trying to have a baby . '' 
 i felt so weird telling the room that we were basically having lots and lots of sex . 
 i felt even weirder when pin-dropping silence followed my statement . 
 noting the odd absence of sound , i started to swivel my head to take in their faces . 
 i did n't even make it a fraction of an inch to look at alanna , before i was covered with black hair and cool arms . 
 three women were hugging me , kissing my head and rubbing my stomach , which was a little odd , since i was pretty sure nothing was in there yet . 
 halina and imogen were the most ecstatic with my news . 
 alanna was happy , but more reserved . 
 i was more than a little uncomfortable with their lavish felicitations , but i did n't try and stop it . 
 i understood what this meant to them , and i let them have their moment . 
 teren laughed at their reaction , causing the whole maelstrom to shift his direction . 
 his mother slung her arms around his neck , while the other two each took a side of his chest . 
 he tried to pat them all at the same time , but it was a near impossibility . 
 after a moment , they started shifting between the two of us , offering words of advice , encouragement and congratulations , which , still feeling odd about my personal revelation , made me wonder if they were congratulating me on having tons of sex . 
 the bizarre thought made me laugh and teren , who could sometimes pick up on my odd observances , laughed with me . 
 a calm voice broke through the excited chaos , `` would you three back off now . 
 you 'll never get grandkids that way . '' 
 giggling , the women sat back down in their chairs and i looked over at jack ; he was smiling at his son with pride . 
 `` congratulations you two ... i know you 'll have time . '' 
 he nodded with encouragement and i could feel tears sting my eyes . 
 i 'd nearly forgotten that cursed word in my exuberance . 
 time . 
 the one thing we battled daily . 
 the other women in the room seemed to remember that dreaded word as well , and a layer of sadness laced with tension , filled the room . 
 if we were too late ... if teren changed before i could get pregnant ... nope , no pressure on my uterus at all . 
 alanna broke the sudden unease in the air by clearing her throat and placing a hand on teren 's arm . 
 sighing , he studied his plate before looking over at her . 
 her eyes dreadfully sad , she seemed about to speak , but teren shook his head and set his lips in a hard line . 
 she removed her hand and said nothing . 
 just when i was about to ask what was going on , alanna stood and started sweeping away our empty dessert plates . 
 i turned to teren , going to ask him anyway , but he had engaged himself in a conversation with halina . 
 he asked her to tell me about the painting in the hall . 
 i realized then , that he had heard me ask alanna about it and he had heard me cry . 
 darn those vampire ears . 
 halina raised her lips into a soft , sad smile , and instantly she was transformed into a lost , innocent teenager . 
 i began to see what teren saw when he looked at her-a child , scared , pregnant and unsure of the world . 
 halina began describing her memories of the very last time she saw the sun , and i openly wept listening to her . 
 the ache in her voice was palpable . 
 `` my husband and i married at what would now be considered a young age , eighteen , but back then it was common . 
 one of our favorite things to do every evening was watch the sun set . 
 to us , it signaled the end of a long day on our farm . '' 
 her eyes were distant as she lost herself to the memory . 
 `` one of our greatest hopes was to fill that farm with a handful of boisterous children . '' 
 she glanced at teren with soft eyes . 
 returning her gaze to me , she continued . 
 `` we would hold hands as we watched the gold , reds , oranges and pinks fill the sky , and we 'd talk about our dreams and goals . 
 and as i listened to my husband on that porch , i pictured scores of our children , grandchildren and great-grandchildren watching the setting sun with us . 
 it was all i ever wanted . '' 
 halina dabbed at her tears with a napkin . 
 thick , pureblood tears , not the watered-down pink version of alanna 's . 
 she did n't talk of what happened after the sunset . 
 she did n't talk of her beloved husband 's death or , in a way , her own . 
 she did n't speak of giving birth while her body changed over and she did n't speak of ending the life of the vampire who had created her . 
 she only spoke of the sun , and how she ached for it , and all that it represented . 
 i was grateful that she did n't speak of the horrors ... listening to her describe that one perfect sunset , was hard enough . 
 teren put his arms around me as i sobbed for her loss . 
 maybe he was right about my sister . 
 moments later , i made the mistake of yawning , and alanna insisted that i go upstairs and retire . 
 she 'd prepared the same room that we 'd used the last time we were here . 
 i tried to tell her i was fine , and i 'd like to stay up and talk with them , but my body betrayed me and yawned again . 
 laughing , she led me to the hallway and gently pushed me down it . 
 i waved goodnight to the room and looked back at teren , still seated at the table . 
 `` i 'll be up in a minute . 
 you go on ahead . '' 
 he smiled and flicked a glance up at his mother and then over to halina , who was sadly staring at the table . 
 i thought maybe he felt bad for having her bring up a painful subject . 
 maybe he was going to sit and comfort her a while . 
 i smiled at his sweetness and nodded back at him . 
 alanna kissed me goodnight on the cheek and then turned to stand at the edge of the table beside her husband . 
 no one said anything , and i got the impression that they were all waiting for my heartbeat to be upstairs , and out of earshot . 
 that thought made me want to stay and eavesdrop again , but i already knew that was pointless ; they could hear every wet thump , from probably every room in the house . 
 they could probably even smell me . 
 i walked down the hall to the foyer and then up one side of the dual staircase . 
 i wondered what was so secretive . 
 maybe they were just going to discuss some aspects of halina 's life that i 'd find ... unsavory . 
 i really did n't want to hear about her killing anyone . 
 honestly , i was having a hard time just processing that fact . 
 she had seemed so sweet and innocent while telling her story , but i knew for a fact that she was n't . 
 she killed . 
 she killed without remorse . 
 i knew it was survival for her , and she certainly was not the only person who had killed before , but i liked to think that most people felt bad about it . 
 it was off-putting to think otherwise . 
 shoving the thought from my head , i opened the massive double doors that led to our honeymoon suite-that was what it looked like , so that was how i thought of it . 
 the massive satin-on-satin bed sparkled in the reflected glow of the lit fireplace . 
 warm candlelight was wavering from pillars , spaced in groups of three , on nearly every flat surface of the room . 
 i listened for the mood music but did n't hear any . 
 i chuckled at his family 's never-ending , subtle attempt to get their son lucky . 
 i laughed a little harder at the fact that it never seemed to occur to his family that i 'd be on protection from day one , to prevent the very thing that they 'd been hoping so badly for . 
 even if teren and i had done what they 'd wanted us to do the last time we were here , i would n't have gotten pregnant . 
 i guess birth control was not something vampires took into consideration . 
 and teren would certainly have never wanted to tell them about it . 
 they bugged him enough as it was . 
 i shook my head at the oddity of it all and shucked off my clothes . 
 there was something in this suite that i had really wanted to try last time , but never got the chance to . 
 i was tired , but i was n't missing another golden opportunity . 
 walking into the upscale bathroom , i turned on the jetted tub . 
 i smiled as the warm water flowed through my fingertips . 
 heaven awaited me . 
 rummaging through the cupboards , i found a bottle of bubble bath and squeezed out a couple of gloppy drops . 
 instantly , the water started foaming and sudsing with filmy half circles that refracted the bathroom lights . 
 finding a hair scrunchy , i pulled my long , brown mane into a high ponytail and slipped into the silky smooth water . 
 shutting off the faucet , i relaxed back into the contoured tub . 
 i sighed and closed my eyes , listening to the water sloshing with my slight movements , the bubbles bursting with tiny pops . 
 the scent of fresh lilacs filled my nose , and the heated water left a slight dampness to my face and hair . 
 it was the most relaxing thing i had ever experienced . 
 i was just beginning to be pulled into a satisfying slumber , when a light touch along my cheek brought me around . 
 my water was cooler , although still plenty warm , and a good chunk of the bubbles were gone . 
 i guessed i 'd already fallen asleep . 
 i looked up at teren , sitting on the edge of the tub , cupping my cheek in his strong hand . 
 `` hey , sleepy , '' he whispered . 
 i made a satisfied noise and stretched my limbs in response . 
 his eyes tracked the movement of my muscles under the nearly transparent water , and i smiled . 
 `` come join me ... the water is still warm . '' 
 i sloshed my hand through the bath , purposely revealing even more of my body to him . 
 just one edge of his lip curled up and i swear my heart rate increased-i loved that look . 
 he slipped his shirt off and started working on his jeans and my heart definitely sped up-i really loved that . 
 i scooted over in the tub as he slid in beside me . 
 he shifted me , so i was mostly on top of him , and then he relaxed back into the warm bubbles , well , what was left of the bubbles anyway . 
 twisting , i laced my arms around his neck and kissed his cheek . 
 then i rested my head on his shoulder and snuggled into his warm skin , warmer than the water even . 
 one of his hands rubbed my back , while the other stroked my leg , making tiny waves splash across our skin . 
 i was wrong before-this was the most relaxing thing i 'd ever experienced . 
 we stayed snuggling in the massive tub , until the water cooled too much for me and i shivered . 
 he noticed immediately and held me tighter . 
 `` ready to get out ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` no ... '' i held up my wrinkled fingers . 
 `` but i guess i 'd better . '' 
 smiling , he shifted me over , so he could stand . 
 i fully appreciated my view while he stepped out of the tub and grabbed us towels . 
 wrapping one around his waist , he held the other open for me . 
 i stood , shivering a little more in the now comparatively chilly air , and then i stepped into his warm , fluffy towel embrace . 
 i laughed and kissed him as he wrapped the fabric around me . 
 he started walking me backwards , through the bathroom door to the bedroom . 
 his kiss deepened with every step and every thought but this warm , half nak * d man before me , fled my brain . 
 he backed me right up to the bed and , without ever pausing his magnificently talented mouth , he bent down and picked me up . 
 with only the slightest break to toss the multiple decorative pillows out of the way , he laid me on the covers and sank down on top of me . 
 his kiss picked up intensity . 
 his tongue flashing along mine did wonderful , tingly things to my insides . 
 his hands began un-wrapping the lush towel from around my body , and my legs twined around his . 
 my hands ran up his bare back to clutch at his hair as a particularly good moan escaped me . 
 hearing myself made me instantly remember where i was . 
 i gently pushed him back . 
 breathing heavier , he looked down at me in confusion . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 i glanced around the seemingly private room as i struggled to calm my breathing . 
 `` i still ca n't do this here . '' 
 he understood what i meant . 
 smiling , he moved in to kiss my neck . 
 `` emma ... '' he murmured against my skin . 
 `` they 'll be respectful . 
 they like you . '' 
 i pushed him back again , more forcefully this time . 
 `` when i came upstairs ... what could you hear ? '' 
 sighing , teren slumped over to my side . 
 `` well , obviously i heard you run the tub ... '' i raised my eyebrows , knowing that even his dad had probably heard the water surging through the pipes . 
 he exhaled again . 
 `` i heard you sigh contently as you sank into the water ... i heard the bubbles popping . '' 
 my mouth dropped wide open . 
 his hearing was even better than i thought . 
 `` oh my god ! 
 that 's why , teren . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` but i was really listening for you . 
 they 'll tune us out . 
 lord knows i 've had to ... '' i ignored that comment ; i did not want to think about what he 'd had to endure . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i ca n't , i 'm sorry ... it 's just too weird . 
 it 's like they 're all in the room with me . '' 
 i shrugged my shoulders , hoping he understood . 
 `` it 's not like i can just ask them to all take a long walk , so i can have sex with their son . '' 
 he cocked his head as he listened to something i could n't hear , and then he started laughing . 
 i was confused for half-a-second , until i understood exactly what i had just done ... what i had just said . 
 i covered my face with both hands , completely embarrassed . 
 `` oh god ... did i just ... ? '' 
 still laughing , he uncovered my face . 
 `` yeah ... you just cleared the house . 
 i would n't have been quite so blunt , but that worked pretty well . '' 
 i closed my eyes , mortified . 
 `` that super hearing is really annoying . '' 
 he cringed . 
 `` you 're telling me . 
 great-gran is very ... friendly with some of her guests . 
 you have no idea what i have had to make myself not listen to . '' 
 i giggled at the look on his face and then , for the first time here , i completely relaxed into his arms . 
 he finished un-wrapping my towel and then shucked off his own . 
 i watched the glow of candlelight dance across his skin and stared into his pale eyes ; they were just faintly glowing . 
 `` are you still hungry ? '' 
 i asked , almost timidly . 
 he pulled back and looked at me with burning , passionate eyes . 
 `` no , i 'm fine . '' 
 i found that i was n't . 
 i surprised both him and myself , by what i said next . 
 `` will you bite me anyway ? '' 
 he exhaled and his fangs slid out with his breath . 
 his eyes roamed up and down my body , perhaps looking for the best spot . 
 i did n't care where he did it , just so long as he did . 
 it still surprised me how much i got from the experience . 
 i guess you 've never felt real intimacy , until your partner has ingested you . 
 teren seemed unsure where to take the blood from . 
 i brushed the hair off my neck , exposing the vein to him . 
 he held his breath and locked eyes with me . 
 he 'd never taken blood from such an exposed spot before . 
 his eyes clearly asked are you sure ? 
 and i was . 
 i wanted that depth . 
 i wanted that intimacy . 
 i wanted his teeth in me . 
 i also started to wonder if something was quite possibly wrong with me . 
 `` go ahead ... i love you . '' 
 his eyes were overflowing with love and tenderness as he gazed at me . 
 `` i love you too . '' 
 then he bit me . 
 <br/> thinking i could help clean up in some small way , i was picking up teren 's and my dishes when she materialized by my side in the dining room . 
 at first , i thought she had just zoomed out to collect the plates . 
 i was sure she was going to tell me that i was a guest and i should n't be doing any work , like somehow , helping out would break some huge etiquette rule . 
 or maybe she was just afraid that my arms would fall off , being just a fragile human and all . 
 but while she did take the plates away from me and start walking to the kitchen with them , her tone and her voice were quiet and serious , and her comment had nothing to do with me cleaning . 
 `` we need to talk , emma . '' 
 she spoke quickly , like she was afraid teren would be back at any second . 
 my heart spiked a little . 
 `` okay ... what is it ? '' 
 she set the plates down in the deep , basin sink built into the center island . 
 leaning against the counter , she collected her thoughts for a second . 
 then she looked up at me with an intensity in her eyes that rivaled halina 's . 
 `` i need you to convince teren to stay here . '' 
 i blinked , not expecting that at all . 
 `` here ... me ... why ? '' 
 she stepped back from the counter and wrung her hands , just like a woman in a silent movie , who was deeply distressed about something . 
 `` he needs to be here where it 's safe . 
 you need to make him see that . '' 
 `` safe ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` he wants to stay in san francisco . '' 
 i was n't sure what exactly he was in danger from , but i had heard him tell her that before . 
 shaking her head , she stepped towards me . 
 `` you must convince him that he is better off here . 
 you must , emma ... he wo n't listen to me . '' 
 i crossed my arms over my chest . 
 `` what 's going on ? 
 i thought i knew everything . 
 is he hiding more from me ? '' 
 clearly torn , alanna looked down . 
 she obviously did n't want to be the one to have to tell me this secret , but she knew it was important for me to know-the old rock and the hard place . 
 finally , she sighed . 
 `` you do know everything ... at the very basic level . 
 what he does n't want to tell you ... what we keep fighting about ... '' she looked up at me and her eyes were brimming with pink , unshed tears . 
 `` is the seriousness of his conversion . '' 
 my heart stopped at the look of panic , fear and sorrow on her face . 
 whatever made a mother look like that ... had to be bad . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 she came over and rested a hand on my arm ; a slight shiver went up my skin , and not entirely from her cool touch . 
 `` when his body dies , the vampire in him will take over . '' 
 i knew this much ... my body tensed , waiting for the horrid punch line . 
 she stroked my arm with her thumb as she continued . 
 `` when he awakes ... he will be hungry . '' 
 i relaxed . 
 that did n't sound so bad . 
 of course he 'd be hungry . 
 i 'd be hungry , too , after dying . 
 `` he 'll be deathly hungry , '' she quietly finished . 
 `` deathly ? 
 `` i did n't like the sound of that . 
 she nodded , her face sad and solemn . 
 `` if he does n't eat right away ... he 'll die . 
 the vampire side will die ... right along with the human side . 
 we all felt it during the changeover . 
 it 's basic and primal and the most urgent thing your body has ever felt . 
 he will never again be as hungry as he is in that moment . 
 it 's his body 's instinct , screaming at him to eat or perish . 
 and he will . 
 he 'll do what he has to ... to survive . '' 
 she whispered that last part . 
 i thought about her words for a moment , then my entire body went cold with the realization . 
 he was going to die and reawaken monstrously hungry ... in the middle of the city . 
 in his office ... or his car ... or ... in my bed . 
 my eyes snapped up to alanna 's cool , pale ones , the pink tears now dripping down her cheeks . 
 `` he 'll attack someone ? 
 he 'll attack ... me ? '' 
 alanna nodded . 
 `` and he wo n't stop . 
 he will need so much blood ... or he wo n't survive the change . 
 more than you can safely give him , more than anyone can safely give him . 
 probably a few cows worth . '' 
 she shrugged her shoulders as more pink tears dropped . 
 `` where is he going to find that in the city ? 
 at work ? 
 in his backyard ? 
 in yours ? 
 he should be here ... '' i ran my hands through my hair , trying to absorb all of this . 
 he 'd never mentioned thirst like that . 
 he 'd never mentioned that he 'd be near death and starving so much that he 'd lash out at anything with a pulse ... even me . 
 i could n't comprehend it . 
 `` no ... teren would n't ... no . '' 
 alanna sighed . 
 `` halina did ... '' i froze and felt pieces of my heart cracking . 
 `` what ? '' 
 alanna sighed again . 
 she was about to answer when imogen swept into the room . 
 we both turned to face her . 
 it startled me some that she was downstairs when the house was warm and cheery with sunshine . 
 she cringed back to a dark corner , but she still looked to be in physical discomfort , if not outright pain . 
 alanna began lightning-quick closing curtains . 
 when the room was as dark as she could get it , she turned to face her mom . 
 `` mother , you should be upstairs , where you 'll be more comfortable . '' 
 imogen repeatedly blinked her faintly glowing eyes . 
 it was pretty dark in here , but streams of sunlight still showed through the curtains . 
 `` no , dear ... i should be here for this . '' 
 she sighed and looked away from her daughter 's eyes . 
 `` oh , alanna ... can you ever forgive me ? '' 
 i blinked , wondering what she meant . 
 alanna went to her mother 's side . 
 `` there 's nothing to forgive . '' 
 imogen looked back up at her . 
 `` i was so concerned about keeping the line , that i nearly forgot what he 'd soon be facing ... and his stubbornness . '' 
 imogen turned to face me . 
 `` my daughter is right ... you need to convince him to be here , where he wo n't hurt anyone , where he wo n't expose himself . '' 
 what they were talking about was certainly important , but my mind was on other things . 
 `` what do you mean ... what halina did ? '' 
 they both sighed as one and looked at a spot on the floor , where i assumed halina was sleeping . 
 finally imogen spoke , `` she really had no choice ... and it destroys her still ... the memory ... '' `` the memory of what ? '' 
 the words barely croaked out of me . 
 alanna met my gaze . 
 `` the conversion is much the same for new vampires , as it is for us . 
 she was so hungry when she woke ... she attacked her husband . 
 she did n't even realize what she was doing , until he was gone . '' 
 alanna grabbed imogen 's hand while they spoke of her father 's death , at her mother 's hand ... or teeth . 
 the cracks in my heart shattered , and fear surged straight through me , followed immediately by anger . 
 `` he did n't feel the need to mention this to me ? 
 that he might kill me , before he even realizes it ! 
 that was n't worth mentioning ? '' 
 my tone was getting louder and more heated with each sentence . 
 alanna released her mother and walked over to me . 
 `` that 's why we wanted to tell you . 
 i would have told you ages ago , but he made me promise . 
 he 's going to be very upset with me ... '' `` not nearly as upset as i am ! 
 how could he not tell me ? 
 how can he play with my life like that-with everyone 's in san francisco ! 
 you may all be fine with halina chomping on people , but - '' i immediately stopped talking as soon as i realized what i 'd inadvertently spouted . 
 imogen and alanna both stared at me , stunned . 
 apparently they did n't think teren would mention that to me . 
 sometimes i was surprised he had as well . 
 imogen looked down , and red , thin tears dropped to her cheeks . 
 it was then that i remembered that halina was n't the only one who had slipped up . 
 `` imogen ... i 'm sorry ... '' she nodded and fled back up to her room . 
 i sighed and slumped against the counter , dropping my head into my hands . 
 me and my big mouth . 
 alanna came up and put her hands on my shoulders . 
 `` we 're not perfect , emma ... but we try . '' 
 she rubbed my back comfortingly as she spoke . 
 `` please , try and convince teren . '' 
 i nodded and she kissed my cheek . 
 as she made to leave , she looked back over her shoulder . 
 `` i 'm going to go talk with mother . 
 do n't feel bad about this . 
 it 's her burden to bear , and she does ... daily . 
 she has only taken two lives and it was when she was a very new vampire . 
 as for halina ... '' she looked down at where the eldest vampire slept , then back up to me . 
 `` you should ask teren again about halina . 
 i think he may have over-simplified things for you . 
 there are always shades of gray in this world ... try and remember that . '' 
 speechless , i watched her leave to go comfort her mother . 
 i spent several minutes in the kitchen , collecting my thoughts . 
 just when i thought teren was being completely honest with me , something new would sideswipe me , and i 'd feel dazed , confused and angry . 
 why did he never willingly confess these secrets to me ? 
 did he still think i was going to bolt on him ? 
 he should know better by now . 
 if i was going to have his child , then i was obviously in it for the long haul . 
 someday , the big jerk was going to have to trust me . 
 when staring at the dirty dishes that alanna had surprisingly left alone in the sink , did nothing to calm my body , i headed outside to the sunshine . 
 it was mid-august and the morning sky was a cloudless , perfect , azure blue . 
 back home , near the bay , the morning fog that rolled in almost like clockwork during the summer mornings , would just be beginning to burn off . 
 here , farther inland , the temperature was a bit warmer than home , and no trace of the thick , misting comfort laced the hillsides . 
 i took off my shoes and socks and rolled my pant legs up to my knees , then sat at the edge of the pool , dipping my calves in . 
 the water was cool and refreshing ; i considered splashing my face with it , anything to snap reality back to me . 
 i felt like a rubber band that had been stretched too far , and had finally broken apart , one half flutteringly uselessly behind the rest . 
 would life with teren ever have any semblance of normalcy ? 
 i bounced my legs along the back wall of the pool and watched the ripples expanding away from me . 
 near my body , the ripples were huge , splashing up to wet my jeans , but the further away from me they got , the calmer they became , stretching longer and staying lower to the surface of the sparkling water . 
 i felt some metaphoric significance in that . 
 i do n't know how long i sat with my legs in the water , mesmerized by the rhythmic motion , but eventually i felt a body standing beside me ; its shadow partially blocked the reflected sunshine on the tiny waves around my shins . 
 i looked over my shoulder at teren . 
 he was smiling at me , apparently oblivious to my mood . 
 he would n't be for much longer . 
 he held out his hand and stiffly , i let him pull me up to standing . 
 he slipped his arms around my waist and i let him , but i did nothing to return any of the warmness in the gesture . 
 he still did n't seem to notice . 
 `` miss me ? 
 we got the cows taken care of . '' 
 he nodded his head to the direction of the barn . 
 `` dad , peter and the guys are seeing to them now . 
 i should probably lend a hand . 
 cleaning the feet and giving them medicine , it 's a lot of work . '' 
 sighing , he shook his head . 
 `` life on a ranch ... '' he grinned and i frowned . 
 that seemed to clue him in that things were n't as hunky-dory as he thought . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 i grabbed his arms and pushed them off my waist . 
 `` halina killed her husband . '' 
 i had n't planned on what to say ... and that 's the kind of stuff i say when i do n't think it through . 
 teren blinked and glanced back at the house . 
 `` wow ... i did n't think they 'd tell you about that . '' 
 when his eyes returned to mine , they were definitely tight , he was definitely nervous . 
 that irritated me even more . 
 grabbing my hands , he tried to lace our fingers as he gave me a wide , fake smile . 
 `` want to go watch dad with the cows ? 
 it 's actually pretty interesting , and i could show you the ranch hand 's house . 
 there 's a half dozen people staying there now and they 've got this - '' he was starting to pull me away from the pool , away from the conversation that he could probably feel coming . 
 i knew i felt it . 
 the anticipation of it was making the hairs stick up on the back of my neck . 
 how could he not have told me ... ? 
 i jerked my hands away from him and held my ground . 
 i cut off his pointless , distracting chatter by shoving my finger in his chest . 
 `` halina killed her husband , because she was so hungry after the change , she could n't stop herself . 
 a change that you 're about to go through . 
 a hunger that you 're about to face . 
 a hunger that your family thinks will end in my death . '' 
 he closed his eyes and for a second , i thought steam might come out of his ears . 
 when he reopened them , he turned his body to the wall of windows that led back into the house . 
 `` i can not believe you . 
 after i specifically told you last night not to tell her , you go and tell her anyway ? '' 
 he was speaking to his mother , his mother tucked away in the house somewhere , quite possibly still on the second story with imogen . 
 he was speaking to her with the exact same volume that he 'd used when he 'd spoken to me , right beside him . 
 she apparently heard and responded , because after a brief pause , he added , `` we 'll discuss this later . '' 
 he turned back to me and his face seemed to age by years . 
 my face was tight with irritation ... if not pure anger . 
 his eyes took in my stance-hands on hips , feet braced for a fight-not a picture of pleasantness at all . 
 he sighed . 
 `` that wo n't happen , emma . 
 i promise . '' 
 he looked back at the house again and sullenly muttered , `` unbelievable . 
 they never listen to me . '' 
 he promises ? 
 that was his heartfelt assurance that he would n't rip out my throat and swim in the pleasure that was my blood ... a promise ? 
 well , i felt better already . 
 as long as there was a `` promise '' in place , then i was practically drenched in a silver suit of impenetrability . 
 but , oh yeah , silver did n't affect him , and promises meant nothing when put up against raw , animal instinct . 
 `` teren . '' 
 still staring back at the house , he ignored me . 
 `` it 's like talking to a wall ... three pious , we-know-what 's - best-for-you walls . '' 
 he shrugged his shoulders . 
 `` it 's like i 'm invisible . '' 
 `` teren ... '' my tone clearly indicated that i wanted his attention , but now i was invisible-he was completely ignoring me in his little pity party . 
 `` it 's like i do n't even - '' he was n't able to finish whatever sulking thought he 'd been absorbed in . 
 wanting his attention , i pushed him , fully clothed , into the massive swimming pool . 
 i half expected him to bounce off the water and start walking on top of it . 
 he did n't . 
 shocked , he sputtered and flailed around in the water , until he realized we were near the shallow end and he could stand . 
 he stood in the waist-deep water , and beads of it ran down his hair and face . 
 he gaped at me with his mouth wide open . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 he was rather adorable , angry and soaking wet , staring at me like i 'd just slapped him for no apparent reason , but the cuteness of it instantly dissolved in the heat of my own anger . 
 `` is there ever going to be a time when i hear these monumental events from you first , and not your family ? 
 do n't you trust me ? '' 
 he walked to the edge of the pool . 
 his shirt clung to his chest and water droplets flew from his lips as he spoke . 
 `` of course i trust you ... more than anyone . '' 
 he shook his wet head and furrowed his brow . 
 `` i do n't want to scare you with things that are n't important . '' 
 now i gaped at him . 
 i sort of wished we were upstairs and i had some decorative pillows to chuck at him . 
 i did n't , so i clenched my fists instead . 
 `` are n't important ? 
 that you may kill me is n't important ? 
 seriously ? '' 
 he raised his sopping hands . 
 `` i wo n't . 
 i have a plan ... '' i cut him off before he could break out his , i 'm sure , brilliant plan . 
 `` tell me things first ! 
 important or not ! 
 let me decide what i should or should n't be worried about ! 
 stop keeping me in the dark ! '' 
 still looking to be in absolute shock , he stared at me in silence . 
 then , slowly , he nodded . 
 `` all right . 
 yes , my mother is right . 
 i 'll be thirsty , extremely thirsty ... but i 'd never hurt you . '' 
 he shook his head , like he could simply shake away my concern . 
 `` there will be time anyway ... time to get me here . '' 
 i relaxed my stance . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 he hopped up on the edge of the pool , his jeans clinging to him as much as his shirt . 
 i cringed at the soggy boots i could see below the water ; they were probably ruined . 
 i carefully sat beside him , dipping my legs back into the coolness . 
 teren placed his hands over the sides of the pool and looked at me . 
 `` it 's not instantaneous . 
 i 'll know it 's happening . 
 i 'll tell you it 's happening . 
 instead of driving the man having a heart attack to a hospital ... '' he shrugged , `` you 'll drive me here . 
 then i 'll be out of the city and around lots of food ... and everything will be fine . '' 
 i absorbed that for a second , and then i smacked him across the chest , making him grunt . 
 `` that 's your plan ? 
 good lord , teren . 
 were you ever going to fill me in on this little scenario of yours ? 
 one that i play a rather huge part in ! '' 
 he cringed back when i smacked him again . 
 `` yes ... eventually , when i felt it getting closer . '' 
 i dramatically sighed and shoved him back into the water . 
 he was more prepared this time and at the last moment , he grabbed my leg and pulled me in with him . 
 i screamed as i was suddenly surrounded by frigid water . 
 i clutched at his warmth , momentarily forgetting that he was the one i was angry with . 
 i remembered my irritation , the moment he started laughing . 
 `` halina loved her husband and killed him anyway ! '' 
 i snapped . 
 then , as the realization of what that statement truly meant for us hit me , i softly said , `` what if there is n't time ? 
 what if you ... ? '' 
 teren shook his head as he held us close together under the water . 
 his knees rested on the floor of the pool and my legs wrapped around his body . 
 i clung to him tighter as his pale eyes searched my face . 
 `` there will be time ... and i wo n't . 
 i 'd rather die than hurt you . '' 
 i rested my head against his and words failed me . 
 i could n't speak what was flying through my mind . 
 i could n't put vocals to the thoughts , like saying it out loud would make it so horrifyingly real , that the simple act of speaking the words would somehow damage us both . 
 pulling back , i stared into his eyes and felt the same haunted restraint from him . 
 he would n't say the words either . 
 even if we did n't speak them ... they were all i heard as we tightly clutched each other in that pool . 
 if it came down to that scenario and he did n't kill me ... he really would die . 
 we stayed in that pool , holding each other , for a peaceful eternity . 
 eventually he grabbed the back of my head and gently brought me to his shoulder . 
 `` i really should help my dad , '' he whispered . 
 i nodded against the cold , wet fabric of his shirt , and we both stood , dripping and freezing , and exited the pool . 
 at the edge , he faced the windows and simply said , `` mom . '' 
 instantly , alanna was there with towels for us . 
 teren thanked her but did n't look at her . 
 i watched alanna eye him with the guilt-filled , tired eyes of someone who had betrayed someone else 's trust for their own good . 
 i sighed , hating the tension between these two people who obviously loved each other . 
 `` this is ridiculous , '' i muttered , as i scrubbed my hair dry . 
 both vampires turned their downcast heads to me . 
 teren stopped squeezing the water out of his jeans as i continued . 
 `` you both love each other . 
 you both want the best for each other . '' 
 alanna looked at him hopefully ; teren eyed her uneasily . 
 i smacked his shoulder . 
 `` get over it and give your mom a hug . '' 
 he looked back at me , surprised at my tone , and then chuckled . 
 alanna 's musical laugh joined his , and she flung her arms around his wet body . 
 `` okay , mom ... '' he hugged her warmly and then pushed his wetness away from her . 
 he looked at her with a serious expression . 
 `` i will do what 's best for me . 
 please respect that ... and please , stop telling my girlfriend things that i should be telling her . '' 
 he smiled lamely at the end . 
 alanna ran her fingers back through his wet hair . 
 `` you know i love you , teren . 
 i 'm sorry i worry so much . 
 i just remember what it was like ... it 's harder than you think it is . 
 i eventually had to send jack away to protect him from me , just in case ... '' she let out a sad sigh . 
 `` it was the longest separation of our marriage . '' 
 `` i know , mom ... '' he said softly . 
 she sighed again . 
 `` all right ... '' she grabbed his chin and looked him over . 
 `` we 're always here for you . '' 
 she seemed about to cry again , but instead , she quickly kissed his cheek and fled back to the house . 
 i smiled at him as we both finished toweling off . 
 he smiled back and shook his head . 
 `` you 're better at this than you realize , emma . '' 
 `` better at what ? '' 
 i indicated the water behind me . 
 `` better at dumping you in the pool ? '' 
 he shook his head and pulled my damp body into his damp body . 
 `` at being a part of my world . 
 you do n't know how rare you are . '' 
 he kissed me and whispered , `` i wo n't keep anything else from you ... i promise . '' 
 i kissed him back . 
 `` that 's all i ask ... thank you . '' 
 when we were dry enough that we were at least not dripping too badly , teren scooped me up into his arms and sped me upstairs . 
 once we were in our room , we both changed into clean , dry clothes . 
 teren frowned as he stared at his sopping work boots , the only shoes he had with him for this trip . 
 i looked away and got really busy putting my completely dry shoes back on . 
 while i went to freshen up in the bathroom , a still scowling and shoeless teren excused himself to go find a pair of boots to wear . 
 even though i should n't have found it entertaining , i smiled the entire time i dried and styled my hair , thinking of him plodding around the house in only his socks . 
 served the secretive vampire right . 
 when i was finished with my loose , bouncy hair , i redid my makeup essentials . 
 my mascara had run down my cheeks so badly that i 'd had to wash my face and start all over . 
 i 'd have to remember to pack the waterproof kind , the next time my vampire decided to drag me into the pool . 
 afterwards , i exited the bedroom to go find teren . 
 i did n't have to search too hard . 
 he was stepping off the final stair , just as i approached them . 
 i smiled and peeked at his feet . 
 he was wearing black , men 's work boots that had seen much better days . 
 one of the toes had a worn spot that was going to eventually be a large hole , and a seam along the side of the other one had come apart ; the shoe made a flopping noise whenever he walked . 
 i bit my lip to not laugh . 
 he frowned as he followed my gaze to his feet . 
 `` one of the hands was my size . 
 these are his backup boots . '' 
 he sounded about as pleased with the situation as he looked . 
 i did chuckle then at his sullen explanation . 
 walking over to him , i laced my arms around his neck . 
 he ran his hands around my waist but did n't stop frowning at me . 
 i lightly kissed him . 
 he still frowned . 
 i kissed him longer . 
 he kissed back , but as we pulled apart , his frown returned . 
 determined , i grabbed his face and kissed him hard and deep . 
 i felt it throughout my entire body-felt the closeness and intimacy , felt the rush of desire . 
 as i pulled away , just slightly breathless , it pleased me to see that he was breathing faster as well ... then the damn frown came back . 
 stubborn indeed . 
 not one to give up quite so easily , i remembered this morning and his clear infatuation . 
 i moved the hair away from my neck , exposing the still pink wounds . 
 then i grabbed him and pulled his mouth down to the area . 
 that worked . 
 my vamp 's tongue started running over the spot where he 'd bitten me last night . 
 a deep noise rumbled in his chest and his hands pulled me into his body . 
 his breath became even heavier , as the pressure of his mouth against my skin increased . 
 not wanting to be any more obvious than we were already being , i suppressed a groan and clutched his head even closer to me . 
 great , now i was going to have puncture marks and a hickey . 
 i could n't quite find it in my body to care enough to stop him though . 
 then something i had n't expected happened . 
 i felt it happen . 
 i felt his body stiffen in response to it happening . 
 i think it surprised him , as much as it surprised me . 
 his fangs slid out as he sucked on my neck . 
 i felt the sudden pressure of them grazing along my skin . 
 i felt him make another noise , deep in his chest . 
 i heard him exhale , and then i felt him adjust his mouth ... to bite down . 
 that was when both of us stiffened in surprise . 
 that was when he seemed to realize what he was doing . 
 a trickle of fear , mixed with excitement , flashed through me as he pulled away from my neck , and timidly met my gaze . 
 his eyes were wide and surprised and his fangs were still out as we stared at each other . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he whispered , as he worked on slowing his breath . 
 i worked on mine as well . 
 `` it 's okay ... you did n't do anything . '' 
 he looked about to argue with me and i grabbed his face and pulled him close . 
 `` i love that ... you love that . 
 give me a day or two to strengthen back up , and i 'll be begging you to do it again . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i almost did it anyway ... and i know i should n't take anymore after last night . 
 i should n't weaken you like that ... '' he spoke quietly , but i knew he was n't being quiet enough . 
 i made myself ignore who all was listening to this though . 
 `` new desires , teren ... remember ? 
 we 'll figure this out together , okay ? '' 
 he finally nodded , but he still was n't smiling . 
 i playfully added , `` i 'll just keep in mind not to tease you , if it 's a no-biting day . '' 
 he finally gave me a small smile and a soft chuckle . 
 shaking his head as his fangs retracted , he muttered , `` thanks . 
 let 's go help dad . '' 
 we turned and made our way down the staircase , hand in hand . 
 wanting to shift the focus away from what had just happened in the hallway , which i was pretty sure he was still beating himself up about , i asked , `` why does your family bring in help ? 
 i would think your dad and three vampires could handle everything around here just fine . '' 
 while i really was curious about that , my question was mainly a distraction for the both of us . 
 i did n't want to think about his repeated assurances that he 'd never hurt me , especially since it was becoming quite clear that his desire for blood had already started increasing lately . 
 teren took a long moment before responding . 
 definitely dwelling then . 
 `` huh ... oh , that 's mainly for show . '' 
 he shrugged his shoulders . 
 `` it would just be weird if a ranch this size did n't have extra men year round , or did n't bring in a crew during peak times . '' 
 i nodded as i thought about that ... quite the constant charade that they lived in . 
 we made our way down to the building that stored the jeeps and , grabbing one , we zipped over to the barn near the ranch hand 's house to help out with the cows . 
 well , teren helped out with the cows . 
 i mainly stood a safe distance away , so i did n't inconvenience the busy men as they cleaned between swollen toes with lines of twine , and injected medicine above the cows ' shoulders . 
 there were a couple of cowboy-looking guys helping teren , peter and jack , and they got through the twenty or so cattle , just as the sun was starting to fade . 
 i was a little surprised that i watched the whole darn thing . 
 eventually , i felt comfortable enough around the beasts that teren handed me some twine and lifted up a massive foot , so i could scrape off some of the dead tissue between the stretched out toes . 
 it was as gross as it sounds . 
 but i did it , and i felt pretty empowered when teren said i did a good job . 
 maybe i 'd give up my pantsuits for denims and work shirts . 
 as a cow pooped on my boot and teren laughed at me , i thought , maybe not . 
 the long , low barn had several dry , clean stalls waiting for the scraped and medicated cows to recuperate in . 
 they usually stayed in the fields , but teren said they 'd need a few days to heal ... just like me . 
 i smiled as i watched teren and his father deftly maneuver a couple of surly cows into a nearby stall . 
 teren had a huge smile on his face the entire time . 
 when one of the smaller cows , aimlessly started to wander away from the group , teren ran around and stopped her . 
 i wondered then why teren did n't bring spike out here . 
 surely wrangling cattle would over joy his pup ? 
 he seemed so happy and at ease with this life that he 'd grown up in . 
 i was n't sure why he 'd ever left it in the first place . 
 he was a great writer and seemed to enjoy his life in the city , but here ... it was like watching his true nature emerge . 
 it was beautiful . 
 i was grinning like an idiot when he walked back to me . 
 i may have even had embarrassing tears in my eyes . 
 `` you all right ? 
 bored to tears ? '' 
 he smirked . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 i could watch you do this all day . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` you may think differently about that , after we 're done cleaning the barn . '' 
 he indicated the holding corral , where we 'd kept the cattle waiting to be medicated and cleaned . 
 there was poop and other unpleasant things everywhere in the straw . 
 i frowned and tried to casually walk away but laughing , he grabbed my arm and handed me a shovel . 
 `` everyone who helps-cleans . '' 
 sighing , i helped him and the guys clean up . 
 he was right . 
 by the end , i 'd changed my mind about wanting to watch him do anything else at this ranch . 
 <br/> he looked back at me with eyes that were softly glowing in the darkness . 
 i swallowed . 
 `` she 's what ... some vampire vigilante ? '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` except she 's not handing them over to the police ... she 's executing them . '' 
 i nodded and we both silently watched each other . 
 shades of gray indeed . 
 i was n't sure how to feel about this . 
 another thing to reflect on later , i guess . 
 as we walked into the house , i at least began to finally feel like halina was n't going to eat me or my family any more . 
 one small positive , i suppose . 
 halina rejoined us while we were finishing up dessert . 
 she swept into the room and poured herself a glass of still steaming blood from the carafe . 
 no one asked her where she 'd been . 
 no one gave her much more than a cursory glance . 
 she 'd been licking her lips when she 'd entered the room . 
 i was dying to ask her if green-eyes was still alive , but after teren 's comments by the pool , i felt pretty good about his chances of survival . 
 and if she had killed him ... well , he 'd probably deserved it . 
 i still was n't sure what to feel about that-except grateful that i 'd never be on her hit list . 
 halina sat next to imogen and calmly sipped her glass of blood . 
 she noticed me trying to discreetly watch her and she grinned . 
 `` do you need us to go for another walk tonight , emma ? '' 
 i forced myself to not react to her clear goading . 
 alanna and imogen respectfully looked away from me and jack ... just looked confused . 
 teren shot her a nasty look , but said nothing . 
 i guess i was on my own . 
 i swallowed and mentally replaced halina with my boss . 
 i could talk to my boss . 
 in my most respectful tone-she was my elder after all-i answered , `` no , halina ... teren and i are going to watch a movie with the family and then go to sleep . 
 we wo n't be trying for a baby tonight . '' 
 i could n't believe i 'd just said that ... out loud ... to his family . 
 halina looked equally shocked that i 'd admit such a personal detail to the room . 
 she stared at me , her bloody fangs visible in her open mouth , then she started laughing . 
 shifting her pale eyes to teren , who was also staring at me and looking a little shocked , she said , `` i like her , teren . '' 
 teren turned to her and started laughing . 
 eventually the other vampires started chuckling , and even jack laughed once and shook his head . 
 i forced down the blush and laughed with them . 
 teren grabbed my hand and kissed the back of it . 
 i felt a layer of tension and unease lifting from the room as laughter filled it , and i began to feel as comfortable with this family as i was with my own . 
 we finished our meal with pleasant , and appropriate , conversations , and then we retired to the living room to watch a movie together . 
 teren and i snuggled on one end of the massive couch while jack pulled a large projector screen down from the wall . 
 he pressed a button on a remote and from behind us , a machine built into the wall started projecting legends of the fall-classic brad pitt ranch movie . 
 as halina crossed in front of where teren and i were entwined on the couch , my legs over his lap , his arms over my legs , she leaned down to whisper in my ear , `` you really should try tonight . 
 you are running out of time . '' 
 she gave me a pointed look as she pulled away and i could only lamely nod at those intense eyes . 
 teren sighed underneath me . 
 `` thanks for the advice . '' 
 halina smiled and rumpled his hair , before walking over to sit next to imogen . 
 she snuggled with her daughter , and suddenly she looked more like a teenage girl at a slumber party than a vampire vixen . 
 finished with prepping the movie , jack went over to sit with his youthful wife , who slung her legs over his lap in a similar fashion to mine . 
 she kissed his neck and let out a happy sigh as he laced his arms around her . 
 jack did n't seem to care in the slightest that her body was cold and her chest was silent . 
 they were definitely my vampire/human relationship role models . 
 i only partially watched the movie-during the scene where brad pitt 's character bends his hat in greeting and water droplets jump off of it , i wondered again if teren had a cowboy hat somewhere . 
 i partially watched the content vampires in the room-halina and imogen were whispering and giggling over something on the screen , and i got the impression halina was eyeing the horses more than brad . 
 i partially scanned the impressive room-my eyes frequently drifted back to the flame-encrusted fireplace . 
 such an amazing piece of work . 
 what i mainly did though , was feel the life and vitality of the man beneath me . 
 his hands stroked my thigh as he watched the movie , and my hand rubbed his stomach . 
 i laid my head on his shoulder and occasionally pressed my lips to his neck , feeling the heat of life beneath my skin . 
 i did n't want to think about him changing . 
 i did n't want to think about the day he was destined to die . 
 i did n't want to think about the responsibility of getting him to the ranch safely , so when he awakened to his new life , he would n't do something we both regretted . 
 i did n't want to think any of those thoughts right now as i snuggled with him . 
 and of course , since i did n't want to think about them , they were forefront in my mind . 
 i blinked at the screen when credits were rolling across it . 
 somehow during my brooding , i must have fallen asleep . 
 teren was holding me close , one hand on my hip and the other gently stroking my hair . 
 i looked around with my eyes , but we appeared to be alone in the room . 
 i infinitesimally stretched and he kissed my head . 
 `` you missed half the movie , '' he said . 
 fully stretching , i looked up at him . 
 `` sorry ... i guess ranch life wears me out . '' 
 he grinned and ran a hand down my cheek . 
 the room went pitch black as the movie flickered out and his eyes glowed bright in the darkness . 
 i let the feeling of peace and serenity wash over me . 
 i 'd do anything he asked anyway , but the serenity his eyes gave me swept away my fears for our future . 
 `` teren ? '' 
 `` yes , '' he whispered , his hypnotic eyes never leaving mine . 
 `` take me somewhere ... anywhere . '' 
 in the pale glow he was casting , i could see his lips turn up into a smile . 
 `` how about i show you my favorite place here ? '' 
 i returned his smile . 
 `` i 'd love that . '' 
 he stood , and even though he was lifting my weight as well as his own , the move was effortless . 
 gripping me gently , but firmly , he walked us outside to the back patio . 
 then a breeze was blowing through my hair as he ran us away from the house . 
 i did n't care where we were going . 
 i did n't care how fast we were moving ; we would just be a blurring streak to the casual observer . 
 i laid my head on his shoulder and enjoyed the sensation of moving fast without feeling like i was moving at all . 
 we stopped at the edge of a deep , slow moving creek . 
 i really was only aware of stopping because the wind was no longer brushing past my face ; it was that smooth . 
 i marveled at the moonlit water before me as teren set me down . 
 it was idyllic . 
 long , tufted grasses lined the banks and the occasional ripple broke the tension of the lazy water , as some creature below it popped up to kiss the sky . 
 toads and owls filled the air with a quiet symphony , and i could easily picture a young vampire lying in the grass , listening to the sounds of nature around him . 
 i smiled as i looked over at teren . 
 my grin grew wider when i saw that he was shirtless and working on his jeans . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 `` i thought i 'd go for a swim , want to join me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i laughed and was about to answer , when he focused those glowing eyes deep into mine . 
 `` i could always make you ... '' i pushed him away from me and tore off my shirt . 
 `` i am immune to your hypnotic ways ... but i will join you . '' 
 he laughed and we both finished removing our clothes . 
 i watched his flawless form enter the water and then dive under the deep surface . 
 i crept up to the edge and dunked in a toe-it was freezing . 
 teren 's head popped up near the middle of the easy flowing stream , and he casually held himself in place with a light back and forth motion of his hands . 
 `` come on . 
 just jump right in . '' 
 he flashed me a gorgeous smile , and i suddenly wanted to be in his arms more than i cared about the cold . 
 i gritted my teeth and ran into the water , my toes sticking a bit on the mud at the very edge . 
 gracefully , i dove under the frigid liquid and swam until i felt his body . 
 i popped up right in front of him , gluing my legs around his waist , my arms around his neck . 
 his hands worked a little harder to keep us both afloat and he laughed . 
 `` not so bad , right ? '' 
 my teeth rattled a little with the cold , but i nodded . 
 eventually his warmth alleviated my chill and my body acclimated to the water surrounding it . 
 i relaxed the death grip my thighs had on him and lightly treaded water with my hands . 
 seeing me more at ease , teren grinned and leaned over to gently kiss me . 
 `` it 's beautiful here , teren , '' i whispered in between our kisses . 
 never taking his eyes off mine , he nodded . 
 `` yes , i know ... beautiful . '' 
 his gaze tracked down my body and i knew he was n't talking about this perfect place he had taken me too . 
 i felt flushed and tingly all over . 
 he replaced my arms around his neck , and swam us closer to the edge until his feet could touch the bottom . 
 when he could stand , he wrapped his long arms around me and pulled me in for a searing kiss . 
 `` teren ... tell me everything is going to be okay , '' i said , during a brief break in our kiss . 
 he pulled back to look at me ; his face showed none of the doubt and fear that i would have felt if i were him . 
 `` everything is going to be fine , emma . '' 
 his voice was low and soothing , full of assurance . 
 he truly sounded like he believed that , like somehow , he knew it would all work out . 
 i wished i felt his certainty . 
 if things went wrong ... they could go really wrong . 
 `` do you promise ? '' 
 i knew the words were empty and pointless , but i sort of needed to hear them anyway . 
 his hand came up to cup my face . 
 `` i promise . '' 
 his eyes searched mine , and the soft glow mellowed my momentary flood of panic . 
 `` i promise , '' he repeated , before bending down to kiss me . 
 our kiss picked up intensity and urgency , and just when i was sure our heat would evaporate this idyllic brook , he picked me up and walked me to a soft spot of grass along the bank . 
 water rolled down our bodies and dripped off our hair , but i felt none of its chill as teren laid himself over me , giving me his warmth , giving me everything he had . 
 and in return , i gave every part of myself over to this remarkable man , who completely had my heart . 
 very quickly , his favorite place soon became my favorite place . 
 i awoke the next morning feeling satisfied , content , and in love with this wonderful ranch . 
 i also woke up alone in our humungous bed-that , i did n't love . 
 i looked around the empty suite . 
 the fireplace was cold , the candles snuffed out , the curtains drawn tight , so that no light would touch my face to wake me up . 
 i wondered if teren had thought of that little detail before slipping away . 
 we 'd considered sleeping out under the stars last night , in that long grass near the creek , but the slight breeze along our damp skin had us redressing and hightailing it back to our plush , warm room in no time . 
 i would never forget that stream , though . 
 i stood and stretched my arms high into the air , wondering where my vampire had taken off to , and why he had n't awoken me . 
 a small surge of god , what else is he hiding ? 
 panic filled me , but i pushed it back . 
 he 'd said he would n't do that anymore . 
 if he was going to trust me , then at some point , i would need to trust him . 
 i 'd work on that . 
 i shuffled off to the bathroom , hoping maybe he was in there , but that room was also empty . 
 i examined my i-had-sex-in-the-grass-last-night hair , and sighed at the straggly mess before me . 
 after picking out a few long strands of dry blades , that had somehow managed to stay with me for the past several hours , i brushed the rest out into some semblance of order . 
 i examined the pale , red wounds on my neck . 
 they were now surrounded by a light , bluish bruising . 
 thank you for that , teren . 
 they were better than yesterday , but were still a huge announcement of my boyfriend 's newest fetish , so i left my hair loose around my shoulders . 
 i might have to wear a fifties-looking scarf tomorrow at work . 
 clarice would love that . 
 i finished primping myself in the bathroom and headed back to the bedroom to change clothes . 
 i found my last pair of jeans and my last fitted button-up shirt . 
 a last day of vacation feeling washed through me , and i smiled at how different this trip was from the last time . 
 i liked it here . 
 i liked being here . 
 i liked watching teren be here . 
 thinking of teren , i decided to test his impressive hearing . 
 i sat on the edge of the bed and looked down . 
 in a voice so low that the fabric of the bed swallowed it , and i was sure there were n't enough sound waves left to travel to wherever he was , i whispered , `` teren , i need to see you right now . 
 please come here . '' 
 i began to count in my head . 
 i got to five and then the door was swinging inward . 
 his concerned eyes swept the room before focusing on me in the bed . 
 he was wearing a pair of black jeans that nicely set off the gray button-up shirt he had loose over the top of them . 
 it was a yummy sight to see first thing in the morning . 
 his blue eyes sparkled with concern . 
 `` are you okay ? 
 what is it ? '' 
 i half-smiled as he closed the door and sat beside me on the bed , his face still looking worried . 
 very seriously , i said , `` i missed you . 
 you do n't get to just leave me alone in a cold bed anymore without saying goodbye first . '' 
 i twisted my lips at him . 
 `` especially if there are no roses being left on my pillow . '' 
 his face was blank for a minute , then he relaxed into a laugh . 
 running his hand through his black hair , he shook his head . 
 `` i did try and say goodbye . '' 
 he laughed a little harder . 
 `` you grunted at me and told me to go away ... '' he shrugged his shoulders , `` so i did . '' 
 i pursed my lips at him . 
 `` i did no such thing . '' 
 he smiled in a knowing way . 
 `` go ask my mom if you do n't believe me . 
 she was laughing about it when i went downstairs to see her this morning . '' 
 i clasped a hand over my mouth , embarrassed . 
 damn those vampire ears . 
 and just when i was feeling so comfortable , too ... i straightened my shoulders . 
 it was fine . 
 it was n't like i 'd asked them to take a walk again . 
 `` your family needs to work on boundaries . '' 
 i blushed a little , knowing that i 'd basically just said that directly to his family ... but it was true . 
 he nodded . 
 `` i know . 
 believe me , i know . '' 
 we spent the morning with jack and alanna , eating breakfast and having breezy conversations , like no tension had ever filled this little family . 
 it warmed me that whatever awkwardness there had been between mother and son seemed to have faded . 
 teren seemed to have forgiven her . 
 she did cast concerned glances at the both of us throughout the morning , and i knew that she was desperately hoping teren would stay near , that we would both stay near , but i also knew that teren had no intention of doing so , and there was nothing i could say to make him change his mind . 
 for some reason , he wanted to be on his own , and he wanted to stay in san francisco . 
 later , we went upstairs to imogen 's room and i apologized profusely for the subject i had brought up yesterday , when i 'd crassly mentioned halina 's eating habits and chastised her for it , therefore also chastising imogen , who was n't entirely an innocent grandmother . 
 imogen shook her head as i said i was sorry for the hundredth time . 
 `` dear , my burdens are my own . 
 i 'm not asking you to share them with me . '' 
 `` i know ... i just feel really bad for even bringing it up . 
 i 'm sure it was hard for you ... '' i paused , not sure where i was going with that . 
 teren grabbed my hand and squeezed it , while imogen looked over at us from a picture of a blonde-haired , smiling man , who i could only assume was her late husband . 
 `` the act itself was actually very easy , '' she said softly , and teren looked up at her with surprise in his eyes . 
 imogen did n't talk about this , and after that statement , i was n't sure if i wanted her to . 
 she tilted her head at me and her eyes aged as she reminisced . 
 `` it was more like letting go of a wall around me . 
 letting go of struggling to maintain being decent and normal and ... caving into the pure passion and aggression of insatiable hunger . '' 
 teren 's eyes danced as he listened to her describe her level of thirst back then . 
 i watched his face with curiosity . 
 would it be like that for him too ? 
 imogen 's eyes flicked to his and then back to mine . 
 `` it 's the watching them die part that haunts me ... that forever stops me from caving again . '' 
 she closed her eyes and shook her head as a red tear dripped down her cheek . 
 `` i ca n't do it . 
 i ca n't live with the guilt of it . '' 
 she opened her red eyes to sadly smile at me . 
 `` i ca n't live with any additional guilt , i guess i should say . '' 
 standing , i crossed the room to embrace her . 
 she returned my hug lightly at first , and then with more pressure . 
 i felt her crying , and i rubbed her back . 
 how odd to be comforting a vampire . 
 how odd to be comforting someone who had lustfully killed on more than one occasion . 
 how nice to know that , even after decades , someone can still feel so badly for taking a life that they never would again . 
 it reaffirmed my decision that i never wanted to be a full vampire . 
 i never wanted the temptation to take a life . 
 i never wanted their level of guilt . 
 we talked with her a while longer on more pleasant subjects and discovered it was close to dusk when we were through . 
 teren looked at me as we walked down the stairs . 
 `` we should probably leave soon ... i 've got an early meeting tomorrow . '' 
 i sighed as i clutched his hand . 
 `` yeah ... okay . '' 
 it was so wonderful here i almost hated to leave it . 
 of course , it would be nice to get back to closed doors that actually meant something . 
 maybe i should work on inventing vampire-strength earplugs . 
 teren cocked his head and look distracted for a second . 
 i stopped on the step and watched his face . 
 he seemed to be listening to something . 
 i strained my inferior human ears , but heard absolutely nothing . 
 finally , he looked over at me . 
 `` great-gran wants us to come down to her rooms . '' 
 he indicated the windows by the massive front doors . 
 `` it wo n't be completely dark for another hour and she wants to say goodbye . '' 
 he must have noticed the startled look on my face , even though i had been trying very hard to keep it even . 
 `` she really wo n't hurt you , emma . '' 
 he smiled at me reassuringly as he pulled my hand down the stairs . 
 `` i know that , '' i sullenly muttered . 
 i knew she would n't attack me , but i still was n't relishing walking into her domain . 
 teren led me through the living room and over to a door that i 'd just assumed was a closet next to some built-in shelving . 
 he opened the door and we entered into ... a closet . 
 i looked around , confused , as teren closed the door behind us . 
 it was a walk-in closet with shelves along two of the walls . 
 the shelves were full of women 's shoes , jackets and other outerwear . 
 a few of the shelves held mundane home essentials like lamps , matches , blankets , umbrellas , flashlights . 
 there was also a couple of board games , and resting on the very top shelf-a rifle . 
 i swallowed as i looked at that , but then decided that , in this house , that was probably the least harmful thing in the building . 
 as teren fully closed the door , darkness engulfed us . 
 his bright eyes glowed in the dark and i had a sudden `` seven minutes in heaven '' flashback . 
 amused , i threw my arms around his neck and giggled as i kissed him a few times . 
 `` and what are we doing in here , teren ? '' 
 i asked between laughs and kisses . 
 he returned both my lips and my humor . 
 `` visiting great-gran , '' he casually replied . 
 then he reached out to the blank wall opposite the closet door and gave it a sturdy push . 
 something clicked and the wall gave way . 
 i gaped as it swung open to reveal steep wooden stairs . 
 evenly spaced lights lined the stone wall that seemed to descend into the middle of the earth . 
 bracing myself , i took a deep , steadying breath . 
 teren laced my fingers in his and gently pulled me down the stairs . 
 the staircase was n't as long as i 'd feared , and at the bottom it turned a corner into a stone hallway . 
 now , i 'd pictured halina 's lair a million times in my head , and a couple times in my nightmares . 
 i always pictured rough stone walls , with manacles holding barely conscious men , with dripping , bloody wounds . 
 i pictured a dirt strewn stone floor with large , dark stains that no amount of cleaning would wash away . 
 centered in the room on an obsidian dais , i pictured a massive , black coffin , lined in blood-red velvet . 
 i pictured squeaking rats skittering around the floor , scurrying away to the darkest portions of the near-dungeon . 
 i pictured snow white candles and wrought iron candelabras , straight out of phantom of the opera . 
 i imagined a dank , musty odor that reeked of death . 
 what i had never , ever pictured ... was what the room actually looked like . 
 we walked around the corner of the hallway , and entered what i could only describe as a queen 's bed chamber . 
 the windowless stone walls were light gray and smooth to the touch . 
 heavy , beaded tapestries hung around the room , all of them depicting glorious sunsets . 
 the most beautiful , elaborate gold lamps hung between each of the tapestries , providing plenty of light for the room . 
 the floor was a smooth , white marble with thick , padded , burgundy area rugs spaced evenly throughout . 
 further ruining my dark imagination , halina slept in a regular bed . 
 it was a beautiful four-poster canopy bed with sage and burgundy satin bedding and romantic , gauzy white curtains along the sides that were tied to the poles in an open position . 
 the room was well lit from the lamps , but she also had clusters of tall and short pillar candles on her mahogany dresser , vanity and the matching coffee table at the base of her bed . 
 the burning candles made the room smell sweet and spicy , like cinnamon rolls . 
 a couple plush chairs rested on the other side of the coffee table and three doors opposite the wall of the bed led to other rooms that she used . 
 i was pretty sure that at least one of those rooms was a massive closet , holding her wide variety of skintight dresses . 
 the place was beautiful and majestic and a little heartbreaking , with the multiple reminders of daylight around the room . 
 aside from the tapestries , there were photos of the sun on her nightstand and dresser , and spectacular canvas paintings that she had created were drying near an easel set up in one corner of the room . 
 next to that was a tall bookcase , with just about every color of oil paint in the world inside of it . 
 taking a final sweep of the room , i noticed a black and white photo on her vanity of an old-fashioned couple standing in front of a house , a house that looked suspiciously like the ranch hand 's house . 
 the woman was healthy , happy and obviously pregnant , wearing a long , flowing dress with her hair elaborately twisted on top of her head . 
 the man had his arm around her and was the spitting image of teren ... only years younger . 
 i realized i was looking at a picture of halina and her husband ... when she was human . 
 the photo was a startling contradiction to the vampire , who was coming out of one of the three doors i 'd glanced over earlier . 
 `` thank you for coming down , '' she purred at teren as he walked over to give her a hug . 
 my eyes again flicked to the photo of halina 's husband and i marveled at the resemblance . 
 i 'd originally thought teren looked like the women of his family , but i was wrong . 
 he resembled his great-grandfather . 
 i watched halina eye him with fondness as they pulled apart from each other , and i clearly saw what halina saw every time she looked at him-the man she 'd inadvertently killed . 
 i instantly ached with sympathy for her . 
 `` good evening , halina , '' i said warmly . 
 `` almost , give it another fifty two minutes . '' 
 she smiled over at me with a small half-grin . 
 `` good evening , emma . '' 
 i sort of had an odd desire to hug her . 
 she seemed to sense that and her half-grin twisted to a wry one . 
 i did n't really feel like touching her after that . 
 sympathy only goes so far after all . 
 she indicated the plush chairs before the coffee table and teren and i each took a seat . 
 i glanced at teren and wondered how long he planned on staying down here ; i 'd been expecting a quick hi/goodbye . 
 halina brushed between us and crawled up on the coffee table , to sit next to the candles perched there . 
 i watched her adjust her short , tight , black dress as she swung her legs behind her , to sit on her hip . 
 i again stared at the picture of her as a modest human woman and marveled at the difference . 
 she seemed to notice my gaze this time . 
 `` attractive , was n't he ? '' 
 her voice was layered with sadness as she glanced at teren out of the corner of her eyes . 
 i had been studying halina in the photo , but looked back at her husband upon her words . 
 `` yes ... very . '' 
 i peeked over at teren as well , before my eyes rested on halina 's . 
 she noticed my examination of teren and her husband , and knew i had spotted the resemblance . 
 she smiled warmly at me , for quite possibly the first time ever . 
 `` his name was nicolis . 
 his family was russian as well . '' 
 she spoke a long flowery sentence in the odd sounding language . 
 i cocked my head and waited for an explanation of the words . 
 she did n't give them . 
 teren hung his head , and a sense of sadness swept through the stone room , making me shiver . 
 the silence lasted for a solid thirty seconds before halina spoke again . 
 `` i 'm glad you came back , emma . '' 
 she raised an eyebrow at me . 
 `` although , i was looking forward to tracking you down , if you did n't accept teren 's condition . '' 
 my mouth fell open with an audible sound , as i realized that she really would have hunted me down and `` wiped my memory '' if i had n't come back . 
 she smiled at the look on my face . 
 `` i do so enjoy the hunt ... '' the shiver came back up my spine at her words . 
 teren coughed into his hand . 
 `` well , she did , great-gran , and i did n't need your help this time . '' 
 that made me look at teren oddly . 
 exactly how many times had he spilled his heart to unwilling women ? 
 how many girls had dated teren that no longer remembered it ? 
 halina seemed to understand my strange expression and laughed . 
 teren glanced over at me and coughed again . 
 `` well ... we should probably get going ... long drive . '' 
 he tore his eyes away from my narrowed ones and looked back to halina ; she was fluidly rising from the coffee table . 
 teren stood and embraced her . 
 `` we wo n't stay away so long , '' he said reassuringly , as he picked the tiny woman up . 
 she giggled like a teenager until he set her down . 
 `` good ... we do miss you . '' 
 after i stood from the chair , halina faced me and placed a hand on my stomach . 
 the sudden move shocked me into stillness . 
 her expression took on a longing wistfulness , and i remembered her story from the other night ... about wanting to fill a farm with children . 
 i wondered if her mournful gaze was for hoping i got pregnant soon , or for wishing she was still able to . 
 either way it softened me , and i placed my hand over her chilly one . 
 she jerked her eyes up to mine , seemingly surprised that i would willingly touch her . 
 honestly , i was a little shocked as well . 
 her face relaxed as we stared at each other . 
 `` the baby will be strong and healthy , '' she said as she gently patted my stomach . 
 tears unexpectedly stung my eyes , as i suddenly hoped she had an unnatural ability to sense these things . 
 she dashed that hope by adding , in a near pleading voice , `` i believe there will be time . '' 
 i nodded and finally embraced her . 
 she was hesitant at first to return my hug , but eventually she warmly clasped me back . 
 teren was smiling when we pulled apart . 
 `` we should say goodbye to the others , '' he said , before he briefly hugged her again . 
 `` goodnight , great-gran . '' 
 `` goodnight , teren ... emma . '' 
 we left her absently staring at the photo of her long dead husband , and then we made our way to the hallway leading back to the stairs , and out of halina 's throne room . 
 once back in the closet , teren pulled a piece of string attached to the inner door frame that i had n't noticed before , and yanked the false door closed with a small click . 
 as he opened the other side , i thought over the meeting with halina . 
 i still was n't pleased that she killed , and i really was n't sure how often she did that . 
 teren made it sound like she merely ... hunted , and that most humans made it out from under her teeth safely , but the knowledge that she would take a life was a disturbing thought to have when you were around her . 
 sometimes she could seem so fragile and innocent though ... like when she spoke of the sun , or her husband . 
 `` what did halina say ? '' 
 i asked as we walked back into the living room . 
 he understood what i was referencing-the russian that they all spoke and i did n't . 
 he gave a sad glance back to the door before answering me . 
 `` she said that he was the ray of light that lit her world , and the moment she ended that light , hers died as well ... '' he looked back to where my eyes were tearing up again . 
 `` she said she paints every sun as a memorial to him ... '' that was just too much to bear , and the tears dripped down my cheeks . 
 teren smiled and rubbed them away before giving me a tender kiss . 
 i savored his warmth and his strength and fortified my stomach . 
 darn emotional vampires . 
 while not completely dark yet , the sun was low enough , that imogen was in the kitchen with alanna and jack . 
 knowing they were both in there , teren headed straight to the kitchen from the living room . 
 i wondered what that felt like to him , this odd blood connection that instinctively told him exactly where his family was . 
 did he feel it in his skin or was it a nagging sense in his head , like a gps navigator that he could n't turn off ... `` turn right at the next corner . '' 
 it 'd be interesting to feel what being an adams vampire felt like ... for maybe a day . 
 after that , i 'd be tired of hearing every bump and whisper for a half mile , having people intuitively know where i was all the time , and of course , the craving blood thing . 
 that still did not sound appetizing at all . 
 we exchanged hugs and niceties , and said goodbye to his family . 
 they politely asked if we wanted to stay for dinner and although teren did eye the empty carafe waiting on the counter , he said we had to get going ; he had an early day tomorrow . 
 both women rubbed my stomach , just like halina had , and i suddenly felt like a good luck buddha statue . 
 i knew they were all imparting well wishes and hopeful thoughts , but it just made me feel really weird . 
 i dealt with it though . 
 this was important to them and , who knew , maybe their vampire mojo would work on me ? 
 i was keeping an open mind on those urban legends . 
 as imogen rubbed her hand over my stomach a second time while teren peacefully chatted with his father , i wondered with a slight bit of irritation if he was going to be rubbed . 
 it was a two person project after all . 
 after a ten minute goodbye session and more promises to return soon , teren zipped to pack our stuff and load up the car . 
 three minutes after that , we were bouncing down their long driveway . 
 i turned in my seat to watch the last of the sun wash over the house of vampires . 
 `` you had a good time , did n't you ? '' 
 teren asked , watching me . 
 i nodded and sighed in happiness as i faced back to the front . 
 we passed under the adams sign and i chuckled again at the odd thought i 'd had on my first arrival here . 
 they were still a little spooky , but now they were a lot less creepy . 
 i was starting to love this little adams family . 
 and i did already love their son . 
 i rested my head on his shoulder and laced the fingers of his free hand in mine as we hit the asphalt of the highway . 
 `` i had a great time , teren . '' 
 he kissed my head and we began our sixty mile drive back home . 
 <br/> i was considering downsizing to a smaller bag that left me no option for pack-rattery , when tracey bounded to my cubicle and leaned against a wall . 
 `` you are not going to believe the weekend i had , '' she sighed . 
 i shoved my drawer closed and took in the elated expression on her face . 
 the glow in her eyes and the softness of her smile meant only one thing-tracey had found another love interest . 
 poor hot ben probably had zip of a chance after all . 
 i played my suspicions off with cluelessness though . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i asked in my most interested voice , while i silently felt bad for her dumped beau . 
 she sighed and placed a hand on her heart . 
 `` ben finally called me . '' 
 i blinked at that . 
 he did ? 
 `` he did ? '' 
 i immediately asked after the thought . 
 she bit her lip . 
 `` yeah . 
 he said he was miserable and missed me and wanted to come over . '' 
 she sighed again and gazed at me dreamily . 
 `` he was so sweet , em , and sounded so lost ... i just could n't say no . '' 
 i held back a smirk . 
 of course . 
 he was the one in misery and she was simply doing him a favor by letting him near her . 
 could n't be that she was missing him just as badly . 
 oh no . 
 i wondered if tracey would ever take a little closer look at her own feelings . 
 before i could find an appropriate comment to her situation , she continued . 
 `` he came over and we talked and had dinner and ... '' her eyes lost focus for a while , as she reminisced on the remainder of their evening . 
 i was fairly certain it had involved a lot fewer clothes than the evening had started with . 
 she came back to herself and her blue eyes locked onto mine ; a serious glint was in them . 
 `` i never knew it could be like that with him . 
 it was sort of ... magical . '' 
 she gave me a hopelessly goofy grin and i knew my poor , clueless-about-her-heart friend , had finally felt the first twinge of love for a boy . 
 and it had only taken her twenty-six years and over twice that many boys to do it . 
 some people just fight against feeling content . 
 `` i 'm so happy for you , trace . 
 i think you two are really great together . '' 
 i matched her lovesick look with one of my own . 
 i was a girl hopelessly in love with a vampire after all . 
 `` teren will be so happy to continue our double dates . 
 he really likes ben . '' 
 tracey started nodding while i was still speaking . 
 `` oh , i know . 
 ben likes him too . 
 although ... '' a slight panic shot through me ... had he noticed something ? 
 tracey did n't seem to catch my look and she finished her thought , `` ben swears he saw his eyes glow once . '' 
 shaking her head , she started laughing . 
 `` sometimes , that boy has the strangest imagination . '' 
 she glanced at her boss 's door and then started walking away , muttering something about glowing eyes and ridiculousness . 
 right ... imagination . 
 hmmm . 
 i hoped hot ben 's imagination never became a problem . 
 ben subbed our kickboxing class that night and , since i had n't actually seen him in a while , i took a moment to take in his features-black shorts , tight , black shirt that nicely emphasized his chest , bleach blond highlights in his light brown hair , and a chiseled face that was causing quite a stir with a couple of teenage girls in the corner of the room . 
 he looked like same old hot ben , but was he different ? 
 had he pieced together anything ? 
 it seemed impossible that he had ; suspecting that someone you know is a vampire just does n't happen in real life . 
 i 'd need to watch him extra close now , to be sure . 
 he got us sweating pretty good in our workout and my mind eventually stopped worrying about it . 
 when class was over he came up to me and i tensed a little , wondering what i 'd say if he asked me anything . 
 i planned on laughing and giving him my best are you mental ? 
 face , but when he came up to me , it was only to tell me that i did a good job in class and that he was looking forward to hanging out with teren and me again . 
 i smiled and relaxed . 
 there was no way he suspected anything even remotely close to the truth about my boyfriend . 
 and i liked ben . 
 he was good for tracey . 
 i smiled as i watched them leave the group fitness room hand in hand . 
 they were warmly smiling at each other , even though they were both dripping with sweat . 
 i met teren for dinner afterwards , and he was just as thrilled as me that we 'd have dates with tracey and ben again . 
 i smiled that my vampire liked my friends . 
 aside from me , he really did n't seem to hang out with anyone . 
 occasionally , he 'd meet with a coworker for a beer . 
 i 'm assuming that was with mike , since they were close enough for mike to give him those amazing baseball seats . 
 and occasionally , he 'd be on the phone with other friends , talking about a sports game , fishing stories , or an article for work , but he never really went out regularly with other people . 
 just me . 
 it made me a little sad to think that because of his impending doom , he was purposely distancing himself from being close to another person . 
 a really close friend would probably notice his changes afterwards . 
 and the rest of his family did pretty much keep to themselves on their `` little '' ranch . 
 i suppose it 's easier to hide what you are if no one is looking too closely . 
 that made me glad that teren had me . 
 he 'd be so lonely during this scary time if he did n't . 
 and finding a girlfriend after the change would have been a lot more difficult . 
 maybe . 
 he was darn attractive after all . 
 time sped up in the way that time can when you 're happy and content . 
 teren and i continued our baby making efforts with a near zealotry . 
 halina was right , we were running out of time . 
 we met with my family and talked over the myriad events that happened to a person over the course of seven days , the things that we could mention at least . 
 my neck wounds had faded away by the time we got together , but i did n't speak of them to my family . 
 not even to ashley . 
 that might have stretched even her tolerance level . 
 we went to work every day , we took his pup for long walks at the park , and teren often made me dinner , usually enjoying his chicken-draining more than the actual meal . 
 it was a few weeks after our wonderful weekend at his parents ' ranch that teren and i went on our first double date with tracey and hot ben , since their reconnection . 
 i suggested we go to a nice restaurant that teren and i had gone to before , down by the wharf . 
 tracey thought that was a great idea and set it up with ben . 
 i chose going out to eat , because it was the one activity that we 'd no longer be able to do as a group in a few months . 
 teren 's birthday was in november ... we were already in the first half of september . 
 his days of being able to digest were quickly dwindling . 
 i tried not to think about what else was dwindling . 
 despite our best efforts , as of last week , in the most obvious way my body could tell me , i still was n't pregnant . 
 we all sat at a white , linen-covered table with a spectacular view of the bay , sipping our wines-two reds , two whites . 
 ben held tracey 's hand and eventually leaned over to give her a soft kiss . 
 she stroked his hand with her thumb and leaned her head on his shoulder . 
 it made me smile that they 'd finally crossed over to the next level of intimacy . 
 i grabbed my own man 's hand while we chatted about things to go do together : a movie tracey wanted to go see , a baseball game ben wanted teren to get tickets to , a new dance club that was opening up in a couple weeks-standard dating stuff . 
 then ben threw out an idea that filled my belly with apprehension . 
 he causally tossed it out there as the waiter was walking away with our food orders : lobster thermidor for trace , salmon and king crab roulade for ben , duck a l'orange for me , and for teren ... the bloodiest prime rib they could legally serve him , of course . 
 `` so , you guys want to go camping this weekend ? '' 
 i sputtered on my wine and could n't answer . 
 while i recovered , teren chipperly said , `` sure . 
 i love camping . 
 where do you want to go ? '' 
 i turned my head to discreetly stare at teren . 
 he 'd said once that he liked camping , but , he 'd also mentioned that it was hard to disguise his eyes and ben had already thought he 'd seen them once ... `` i reserved a spot at yosemite months ago , and trace and i are going . 
 there 's some really great country over there , once you get away from the city . '' 
 i cringed at ben 's words , but teren seemed perfectly relaxed . 
 `` sounds great . 
 i love yosemite valley . 
 we could hike up to the falls . '' 
 then teren seemed to remember that i existed . 
 he turned his head to me and twisted his lips in question . 
 `` is that okay with you ? 
 do you want to go ? '' 
 that took me back . 
 was he going to go whether i did or not ? 
 maybe i was wrong about his tendency to only hang out with me . 
 maybe he just had n't found the right `` bromance . '' 
 i forced my features to maturity . 
 `` of course i 'll come too . 
 that sounds ... interesting . '' 
 i raised my eyebrow on the end of that and teren grinned before returning to his wine . 
 tracey perked up from beside ben . 
 `` oh good . 
 someone to do girlie things with me while the boys fish . '' 
 i smiled at her and tried to picture the upcoming weekend . 
 i just could n't quite get there though . 
 my vampire and i were going camping . 
 my glowing-eyed vampire was going to be one with nature , with his possibly suspecting guy friend and a woman who would scream so loud if she ever found out what he really was , that she 'd alert everyone as far south as san diego to the situation . 
 interesting indeed . 
 i could n't dwell any longer on it , or secretly whisper to teren that he was nuts and he should n't agree to go , because our appetizers arrived . 
 oyster shooters . 
 i gave teren a secretive smile as i took one . 
 like we needed an aphrodisiac . 
 like there was any chance he was n't going to get lucky tonight . 
 teren noticed my private smile and gave me one right back ; he knew full well where our night was headed . 
 not too long after our appetizer arrived , our main courses were brought out . 
 everyone 's meal was topnotch , but i did notice teren 's lack of enthusiasm over his food . 
 the last time we 'd come here , he 'd devoured his meal , but tonight , he was kind of picking at it . 
 i squeezed his knee under the table in encouragement and he looked over at me with a tiny , unsatisfied smile . 
 that was when he started staring . 
 it started with just a simple glance at my neck while he lazily ate his prime rib . 
 then he looked back for a few seconds longer while he took another bite . 
 about two thirds through his meat , he openly stared at the arch of my neck while he chewed . 
 with three or four bites left on his plate , he gave up the pretense of eating and his eyes bored holes into the vein of my neck . 
 if he were spike , and i was a bacon-flavored rawhide bone , there would have been drool from teren 's mouth to the floor . 
 tracey and hot ben were too busy feeding each other from their respective meals to notice teren 's absolute interest in my body . 
 i smacked his thigh , but he would n't stop staring . 
 knowing that he should be able to hear me , i whispered at him to stop it . 
 he was either too preoccupied to listen , or he did n't care . 
 his mouth dropped open and his eyes ran up and down the length of skin from my ear to my shoulder . 
 i suddenly remembered his fangs dropping down at just seeing the carafe at his parents ' place , and i got really scared that teren was going to lose himself to this craving , and expose himself to my easily freak-outable friend . 
 i wanted to snap my fingers in front of his face , but that felt too obvious of a maneuver with tracey and ben sitting so close . 
 they were still engaged in complimenting each other 's meal choices , but really , if one turned our way and saw the look on teren 's face , a look that clearly was saying to me god , i want that so bad , they 'd be pretty weirded out . 
 i grabbed teren 's hand and gave him a rough yank . 
 that did n't work like i 'd planned . 
 he opened his mouth wider and hissed under his breath , bringing his head closer to me . 
 we had already been sitting near each other , both on the same side of the table , chairs touching , but now he was leaning into my shoulder , staring down at my neck ... and he was starting to breathe heavier . 
 tracey laughed at something ben had said and started to turn her head to me . 
 with my hand , i covered my neck , as casually as i could , hoping that would break teren 's focus . 
 `` emma ... did you hear that ? '' 
 tracey turned all the way to look at us and scrunched her brow when she saw teren . 
 `` is he all right ? '' 
 my heart was thudding so hard i thought it might jump out of my chest . 
 i risked a glance over at teren ; he 'd snapped out of it a bit and was focusing on his plate as he tried to breathe steadier . 
 his face was pale , and he almost looked confused . 
 i grabbed his hand , making him look up at me . 
 his brow furrowed and he frowned . 
 `` actually , he 's feeling a little sick . '' 
 i said , looking over at tracey . 
 `` we 're gon na go outside for a minute ... get some fresh air . '' 
 tracey 's face oozed sympathy as she watched me grab my clutch purse and stand him up . 
 ben 's concerned eyes matched hers . 
 `` hope you feel better , man . '' 
 teren lamely nodded while i started walking him through the sea of linen-covered tables . 
 i wondered if he had even heard any of that conversation ... or anything during dinner . 
 i walked us through the elaborate double doors out of the restaurant , and then looked around for a secluded spot . 
 across the parking lot i saw an elegantly fenced in area for the garbage receptacle . 
 the gate on the wooden fence was partially open , so i knew it was n't locked . 
 looking around for witnesses and not seeing any , i pulled teren in that direction . 
 he hesitated at first , not seeming to understand what we were doing or why , but then he relaxed and let me pull him . 
 he 'd either stopped wondering or stopped caring . 
 the glum look on his face did n't leave him , though . 
 i pulled us through the gate and shut it behind us . 
 it was dark with the gate closed and teren 's eyes glowed at me . 
 i used the peace from his gaze to calm my wildly beating heart . 
 he had almost fanged me in front of tracey and ben ... i was pretty sure of that . 
 for even more privacy , i moved him to the far side of the dumpster and then i began to hitch up my flowy , knee-length dress . 
 that seemed to break through his melancholy . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 he asked , in a thoroughly confused voice . 
 i gathered the light , breezy fabric just above my thigh , bunching the material against my purse as i held my leg up to him . 
 `` drink . '' 
 my tone implied an order . 
 he blinked and started to back away . 
 i grabbed his dress shirt and pulled him closer . 
 `` drink , teren , '' i firmly repeated . 
 this time , he shook his head and looked around the dark , enclosed area with the large , green container overflowing with rotten seafood and plastic bags of filth . 
 `` no , emma ... not like this . '' 
 i grabbed his face and made him look at me . 
 `` you are going to attack me in the middle of that restaurant , if you do n't get some blood in you . 
 will you please just drink me now , so we can go back and have dessert without massively freaking out our friends ? '' 
 with a guilty face , he nodded and exhaled a slow breath . 
 i shoved his shoulder down as he bent to one knee . 
 he placed my leg on his shoulder , so he 'd have a better angle , and i leaned back against the fence to support my weight . 
 he made a low noise in his throat ; the vibrations affected me more than the slight coolness of the approaching fall air . 
 goose bumps danced across my flesh as i felt the stubble of his jaw brush across my thigh . 
 i ran a hand back through his hair , allowing myself to breath heavier . 
 it was private out here ... no one would know what we were doing . 
 and if anyone suspected by the noises , even though we were both being pretty quiet , well , i was pretty sure they would expect to see something other than a man dipping into my femoral artery . 
 `` i should n't want this so bad ... '' i heard him mutter , his breath hot against my tender skin . 
 i was about to tell him i felt the same way , when his teeth grazed my leg and i felt them extend to fangs . 
 he sank them in without a second 's pause and we both groaned a bit . 
 he worked his hands up both legs while i held my dress for him . 
 he took long , deep draws and made groaning , satisfied noises , like he was finally getting what he really wanted . 
 a part of me delighted that i could give him something that pleased him in a way nothing else could . 
 a part of me was worried about how deeply this seemed to please him . 
 he took another couple deep draws , and just when i started to feel the tiniest bit faint , he tilted his head and his eyes flashed to mine . 
 i held my breath at the fire i saw burning in the glowing orbs . 
 bedroom eyes had nothing on sucking-on-your-thigh eyes . 
 i stopped caring about teren 's needs as i stared into those eyes . 
 i stopped caring about tracey and hot ben wondering if he was okay . 
 i stopped caring about a busboy coming out here with a bag of garbage . 
 i stopped caring about anything outside of those blazing , blue eyes , and i started caring about my own needs . 
 dropping my purse with a dull thud to the concrete , i grabbed teren 's face and yanked him off my thigh . 
 he came freely , blood dripping off his chin , a warm trickle of it running down my leg . 
 he usually licked the wounds closed , but i had n't exactly left him the option . 
 i pulled his face up to mine , not caring about the blood on his tongue , his fangs in my mouth ... only needing him . 
 his hands scrunched my flimsy dress up to my waist and then ripped down my underwear . 
 my hands made short work of his belt and slacks . 
 we were both panting as we took our passion for each other to a whole new level . 
 pushing me up against the fence , teren held my bloody thigh at an angle and moved into me . 
 i clamped my mouth shut to contain the moan i wanted to make , while teren let out a satisfied noise that i hoped no one heard . 
 squeezing my thigh with one hand , my dress being held against my hip with the other , teren thrust into me over and over . 
 the openness of our location , the strain of not letting myself cry out , the cool air against my skin , all made me reach my peak faster than i would have thought possible . 
 i held my breath as euphoria washed through me . 
 my eyes fluttered closed and my head hit the fence behind me . 
 i shuddered and clutched his back as the overwhelming intensity rippled through my body . 
 teren adjusted his position inside of me , as he drove into me with abandon . 
 a few wild thrusts later had him slowing , stiffening , and then relaxing against me with a deep groan . 
 having sex with a vampire beside a waste bin overflowing with smells that churned my stomach , after letting said vampire drain my leg to near shaking , was definitely right up on the top of my things i never imagined myself doing list . 
 teren had opened my world in ways i 'd never anticipated . 
 after our intense moment , we both clutched each other and tried to calm our breaths . 
 he pulled away from me and licked a smidge of blood from my chin . 
 i closed my eyes and smiled . 
 then i remembered the trickle down my thigh that i 'd felt earlier . 
 i exhaled in a grunt . 
 `` great ... i 'm bleeding . '' 
 teren fixed his clothes , wiped the blood from his chin and gave me a cocky smile . 
 `` not a problem . '' 
 he returned to his knee and cleaned the red trail with his tongue , staying on the circular wounds until the bleeding ebbed . 
 i tried to not enjoy it too much . 
 really , once by this reeking dumpster was enough , and we did have curious friends waiting . 
 but damn if it did n't turn me back on a little bit . 
 teren seemed to understand the look on my face when he was done . 
 `` later , emma . 
 we do have people waiting . '' 
 he handed me my purse , then my silky underwear . 
 flushing , i slipped them back on . 
 in the faint light that he emitted , i checked my clothes for bloodstains . 
 i appeared to be all clean though . 
 i looked over teren 's clothes as his fangs retracted ; his seemed to be clean as well , thank goodness . 
 his face was happy and relaxed , and held no trace of the confusion or turmoil he 'd shown earlier . 
 i carefully watched him as he took my hand and led me out of that darkened area that we 'd just christened . 
 a light smile was on his lips and his eyes had the slightly unfocused look of someone a little tipsy . 
 he walked straight and confidently though ; it was just an odd , satisfied look on his face . 
 a look i realized would be painfully obvious to tracey , when we sat back down with them . 
 i stopped him as we started walking back through the parking lot . 
 he turned to look at me , all happy and content like . 
 i frowned . 
 `` can you try and look like you 've just been sick ... not like you 've just had sex ? '' 
 i straightened out his clothes again and rechecked us both for bloodstains in the brighter lights of the lot . 
 `` i 'll work on it , '' he chuckled , the look not leaving his face at all . 
 `` i 'm just so ... relaxed . '' 
 i scrunched my brows as i examined his features . 
 `` you should give me a heads-up , the next time your urges get that bad . '' 
 he half-grinned and started pulling me towards the restaurant . 
 `` i 'll work on that , too . '' 
 once inside , i slipped away to the bathroom to see to my leg while teren went to sit back down . 
 i did n't think it would bleed again ; teren was generally pretty good about making sure my wounds were n't flowing before he left me alone . 
 i liked to think that was out of concern for me , but honestly , it could have been because he did n't want to miss a drop of his liquid diet . 
 feeling that `` better safe than sorry '' was a more prudent approach to dating a vampire , i 'd started packing band-aids in my purse . 
 after making sure i was one hundred percent alone , i lifted up my dress and examined the wounds in the gilded mirror . 
 the bite marks were larger than he 'd ever made them before . 
 i thought back to the moment and realized that it had hurt more than usual ; he had n't been as gentle as he typically was with me . 
 i 'd just been too turned on to care . 
 i sort of cared now , as i ran a finger over the red marks . 
 digging through my purse , i found a bandage and pulled it out . 
 it was just large enough to cover the area . 
 as i was patting it into place the bathroom door opened . 
 i immediately dropped my dress and crumpled the bandage wrapping in my hand . 
 tracey walked through the door , sweeping the room until her eyes met mine . 
 `` there you are . 
 are you okay ? '' 
 i stuck on my fakest smile as i discreetly dropped the bandage wrapper into a nearby garbage . 
 if she had come in just a few moments earlier and seen the fresh wounds ... `` i 'm great , trace ... just freshening up . '' 
 she nodded , understanding that feminine need . 
 taking a second to glance over her own appearance in the mirror , she fluffed out her blonde hair and checked her eyes for stray makeup in the corners . 
 `` okay ... well , the guys ordered us a bombe alaska to share , and they just dropped it off . '' 
 she glanced over at me . 
 `` you missed the fire show . '' 
 a bombe alaska was the same as a baked alaska , except a ladle of lit brandy was poured over the meringue top of the dessert at the table . 
 it made for a fun little presentation before the flames died out . 
 i frowned , genuinely disappointed . 
 `` oh ... that 's my favorite part . '' 
 she finished prepping and i asked her , as casually as i could , `` how 's teren ? 
 he thought he was feeling better , once we got outside . '' 
 tracey smiled as she grabbed the door handle . 
 `` oh yeah ... he seems great . 
 near elated , i 'd say . '' 
 she raised an eyebrow at me as she opened the door . 
 `` what exactly were you guys doing out there ? '' 
 with the look in her eye , the smirk on her lips and the suggestive tone in her voice , i knew that she knew exactly what we 'd been `` doing '' out there . 
 well , the tail end of it anyway . 
 i looked away with a soft , embarrassed smile , and she laughed at me as we left the room . 
 i thought over our garbage receptacle escapade on the drive home . 
 i thought about the moment before that , at his eagerness while feeding on me . 
 i rewound a bit before that , to him muttering that he should n't want it so bad , and then i rewound a little more , to him mentally draining me at the table . 
 i cleared my throat . 
 it was loud in the relative quietness of the car . 
 `` um ... teren ... '' `` yeah , '' he replied , his voice slightly husky . 
 the alluring sound made my pulse quicken , but i forced my head back to my troubling thoughts . 
 `` what was that at the restaurant ? '' 
 with a serious expression teren met and held my eyes . 
 `` well ... '' he looked back to the road , `` sometimes , when a man and a woman really love each other , there is just no other way to express it but physically . 
 and sometimes , the overwhelming desire to be together , takes a person over in the oddest places , and you simply cease to care where you are or who 's around . '' 
 he looked back at me with a wry grin on his lips . 
 `` sometimes urges just need to be filled . '' 
 his voice when he said that almost made me grab the wheel and make him pull over ... but we were n't on the same page . 
 `` i 'm not talking about the sex ... jackass . '' 
 i rolled my eyes while he chuckled , clearly enjoying teasing me . 
 `` i 'm talking about dinner , when you were staring at me like i was a lamb chop ... remember ? '' 
 he grinned and looked over to me again . 
 `` oh ... do n't sell yourself short . '' 
 his eyes roamed up and down my body , making me feel hot all over . 
 `` you 're filet mignon , at the very least , '' he whispered . 
 again , i ignored his attempt to deter me with his evocative talk . 
 `` will you be serious for a moment and answer me ? '' 
 he sighed , and with genuine sincerity on his face , he looked over and whispered , `` i do n't know , emma . '' 
 his eyes went back to the road . 
 `` food has been ... '' he grimaced , '' ... losing its appeal to me . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i was eating that steak and thinking about how , if we were at my parents ' place , i could have a glass of blood with it . '' 
 just his eyes flicked over to mine . 
 `` then i heard your heartbeat and i saw the vein in your neck quiver . '' 
 his eyes went down to that vein in my neck , as he continued in a husky voice . 
 `` i started imagining that sweet warmth filling my mouth , rolling over my tongue , coursing down my throat . 
 i pictured my lips on your skin , the groan you would make in my ear . '' 
 his eyes raised to meet mine . 
 `` i just could n't care about the steak after that . '' 
 well , holy hell . 
 i did n't care about the steak after that little description . 
 i leaned over and started sucking on his earlobe . 
 his mouth fell open in a heavy exhale . 
 `` take me home , teren ... quickly , '' i whispered . 
 his foot slammed down on the accelerator . 
 *** `` teren , i 'm not so sure about this ... '' teren paused in picking up our tent , leaving it on his half circle drive for the moment . 
 `` it 's just camping , emma . 
 it will be fine , really . '' 
 he effortlessly lifted the tent up with one hand and shoved the heavy bag into his trunk , like it weighed no more than a pillow . 
 i scowled at the display . 
 `` you ca n't do stuff like that around them . '' 
 he rolled his eyes . 
 `` i know that , emma . 
 i have been doing this for twenty-five years , you know . '' 
 he indicated the bags and coolers around our feet . 
 `` i just do n't want to be late , and we 've got a lot to pack . '' 
 `` teren ... '' my tone indicated that i was n't done disagreeing with him yet . 
 he frowned at me as he picked up a full cooler and breezily put it in the car . 
 `` he suspects . 
 how are you going to hide your eyes ? '' 
 i asked . 
 teren gave me a blank look , then laughed . 
 `` is that what you 're worried about ? 
 my eyes ? '' 
 he continued laughing while i scowled again . 
 it really was n't that funny ... or preposterous . 
 ben had seen them glow before , and if he saw them this weekend on our little camping excursion , well , who knows what he 'd think ? 
 still laughing , teren said , `` trust me , emma , he 's already written that off to a weird angle , or a flash of stray light ... or a brain aneurism . '' 
 he looked over at me with a wide grin . 
 `` he 's not suspecting what you think he is . 
 it 's not like i was staring deep into his eyes , trying to seduce him or anything , '' he quipped . 
 i twisted my lips at that comment . 
 `` well , even if it was for just a second , he still saw it , and you said it was hard to hide in the countryside - '' he cut me off by walking over and squatting to look me in the eye . 
 `` i was playing with you , emma . 
 okay ? 
 it will be fine . '' 
 he kissed me on the cheek as i bit my lip . 
 `` but ... how are you going to hide it ? '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` during the day , it obviously wo n't be a problem . '' 
 i already knew that , so i waited for him to continue with an impatient expression . 
 `` i will be in front of the fire before it gets dark . 
 i will stay within the firelight until you and i retire for the evening . '' 
 he playfully grabbed me and pulled me tight to his body . 
 `` and then , i 'll glow all night long for you in our tent . 
 perfectly alone and perfectly safe ... okay ? '' 
 i tried to find the flaw in that to argue with , but his lips were on mine then , and my argument drifted off my tongue when his brushed against mine . 
 darn capable kisser . 
 finally , he pulled away from me . 
 `` stop stressing , okay . '' 
 he continued packing our car while i kept on stressing ... in my head . 
 i imagined all the ways this weekend could go wrong . 
 i imagined the innocent , from ben seeing him lift our impossibly heavy bag one-handed , to the not-so-innocent : ben walking in on teren caving to one of his new , primal urges , and sucking my other leg dry . 
 both seemed equally possible and equally horrific . 
 but i was still coming . 
 i was n't about to let my vampire go off to possibly expose himself without me . 
 teren finished loading up his prius , while i watched and worried . 
 spike , maybe sensing my unease , or maybe just being excited for a road trip , was bounding between teren and me , circling my legs and licking teren 's arms . 
 after teren was done loading up our stuff , his fishing pole shoved in last , he bent down and rumpled the fur around his pup 's ears . 
 `` sorry , pal ... you ca n't come this time . '' 
 i cocked my head and wondered why , while teren gave his dog kisses on the nose . 
 looking over , teren seemed to understand my curious face . 
 `` the park only has certain areas you can take dogs , and we 'll all probably go fishing so ... '' he shrugged and stood up , `` he 'll have to stay home this trip . '' 
 he ruffled spike 's head one last time , before grabbing his collar . 
 `` i do n't think tracey was too thrilled about a dog coming , anyway . 
 i think she 's scared of dogs . '' 
 he threw me one last lopsided grin before walking his collie around his house , to the large indoor/outdoor kennel that he 'd built in the backyard for his beloved pooch . 
 i chuckled internally at that comment . 
 tracey was scared of spike ? 
 teren was ten times more dangerous than that mellow canine . 
 of course , tracey did n't realize that , thank god . 
 teren came back a few moments later without spike , and i pictured his furry dog finding the fresh rawhide that teren had left for him , circling a few times on his cozy doggie bed , and burrowing deep into the plush blankets for a long day of bone gnawing-doggie heaven . 
 teren gave me a peck on the cheek , and then we hopped into his car and started the near four hour drive to yosemite national park . 
 teren called ben on the way over , to let them know we were headed out . 
 it was early saturday morning and our hope was to be there before noon . 
 i sipped the espresso teren had made for us while he calmly chatted with ben for a few more minutes . 
 my stomach was an anxious mess as i thought over teren 's firelight plan . 
 i started at the feeling of his hand dropping to my knee . 
 `` you 're worrying . '' 
 i looked over to see his lips curved in an amused smile . 
 `` one of us should be , teren . 
 sometimes , i think you 're too casual with your secret . '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` what would you have me do ? 
 never leave my house ? 
 stay hidden away from the world , so that i never experience any of it ? '' 
 his eyes drifted back to the road , while his hand went back to the steering wheel . 
 `` you 're starting to sound like my parents . '' 
 he shook his head , a little irritated . 
 `` i do n't want to be scared of what i am ... of who might find out . 
 i do n't want to spend every day , locked up on a ranch with people just like me . '' 
 his eyes shifted back to mine . 
 `` i want to live , emma . 
 i want to experience everything this life has to offer . 
 i do n't want to hide . '' 
 his hand reached out and he stroked my cheek . 
 `` how else would i have met a fascinating , beautiful woman who irritates and enriches me ? '' 
 i grinned and rolled my eyes . 
 i supposed he did have a point . 
 you could n't really live , if you were always being super cautious . 
 sometimes risks were warranted . 
 i just was n't entirely convinced that `` camping '' was a necessary risk . 
 i forced it to the back of my head . 
 it was teren 's secret . 
 if he was comfortable with this level of exposure , then i guess i would have to be , too . 
 because really , the last thing i ever wanted to hear him utter again was that i was sounding like his parents . 
 i sank back into the seat and enjoyed the beauty of the california countryside as it flew by me . 
 teren squeezed my knee again , turned up the radio , and relaxed back into his seat as well . 
 this weekend would be fine . 
 this weekend would be fun ... even if i had to choose to believe that . 
 we chatted about his work on the way . 
 his newest assignment of , `` the best bike trails in the city , that you do n't know about '' , was turning into one of his favorite pieces . 
 we chatted about my work and how clarice had me prep a tax file for jon voight , and i briefly got to see the actor in the hall before he disappeared into mr. peterson 's office . 
 i told teren that i 'd practically met brad pitt , and he looked at me with a peculiar expression . 
 smiling with enthusiasm , i explained that since he was angelina jolie 's father and she was with brad pitt , then i 'd just successfully placed myself in `` six degrees of separation '' with brad . 
 yeah , he rolled his eyes at that too . 
 we were talking about what kinds of fish teren was hoping to catch on the trip , and he assured me that he 'd only use his pole to catch them , when we turned a corner through the scenic sequoias and the focal point of yosemite valley came into view . 
 half dome peak was one of the most recognizable peaks in the world . 
 it could be seen from nearly everywhere in the valley . 
 it looked like paul bunyan had walked right up to the mountain and swung his axe , cleaving the top of it in two . 
 then mr. bunyan had strode off with half the tip and left behind a perfect , well , half dome . 
 it was a breathtaking sight . 
 a little surprised at how quickly we 'd made the long drive , and wondering how fast teren had pushed his little prius , i looked around at the thick , green blanket of trees lapping up to the majestic gray peaks that were formed into unique shapes and sizes through eons of erosion and glacial carving . 
 the passage of time deep within the layers of those rocks , made this twenty-five-year-old human girl feel very mortal and insignificant . 
 the entire valley imbued a sense of permanence that was difficult to grasp . 
 being in this place made you believe that we were all pebbles in a much bigger pond . 
 a pond with infinite edges that we would never fully see or understand ... nor were we meant to . 
 entering the valley , we drove past what looked like a perfect rectangle of granite , reaching as high as it could towards the heavens . 
 this particular formation was known as el capitan , and it was a stopping point for rock climbers from around the world . 
 as we drove miles below it , i imagined i could see tiny humans dangling from seemingly too-thin ropes as they scurried over the dusty surface . 
 teren glanced up with me . 
 `` rock climbing might be fun one day , '' he casually said . 
 i looked back at him with an are you serious ? 
 face . 
 `` after you 're all super-healy , you can go up there , but you could n't pay me to go with you . 
 i 'd rather not break every bone in my body ... thanks . '' 
 he laughed at my comment as we continued driving through the sea of sequoias . 
 eventually , we pulled into the campground . 
 the trees encroached on our car as we drove under a canopy of the majestic , red-barked monoliths . 
 i could see ragged scratches along some of the trunks , reminding me that we humans , and one vampire , were n't the only inhabitants of the forest . 
 we drove over the pine strewn road to a lot in the back , where ben must have told teren our reserved space was . 
 pulling up next to ben 's gray honda pilot , we parked and stepped out of the car . 
 the sunlight hazily filtered through the massive limbs high in the air above us , and the distinctive smell of the pine trees , interspersed among the redwoods , hit my nose and made me smile . 
 i glanced over the top of the car at teren , who had a smile similar to mine plastered on his face . 
 nature could be so beautiful . 
 we walked a few feet into our camp and i smiled at tracey , who was helping ben set up their tent . 
 and by helping , i mean she was idly holding a pole in her hand while he figured out which way the x pattern was supposed to line up . 
 spotting me , she waved , giggled , and dropped the pole . 
 ben frowned at her while every piece of the tent fell apart . 
 teren laughed and went over to help him while tracey came over to me . 
 `` cute pants , '' she exclaimed , as she flicked a pocket flap on my side . 
 i laughed as i looked down at her cargo pants ; they were the exact same as mine , only khaki , not sage . 
 apparently , we had both shopped the same fifty percent off rack at macy 's last week . 
 `` you too . '' 
 she adjusted her t-shirt and ran a hand back through her loose hair . 
 `` thanks . 
 shall we make lunch while the boys work ? '' 
 she nodded her head back to where the guys were struggling with the tent . 
 i grinned as ben lost a pole somewhere in the fabric , and the entire half that they 'd managed to erect fell down . 
 ben ran a hand through his highlighted hair and sighed , while teren laughed at his misfortune . 
 `` yeah ... good idea . '' 
 we rummaged through the coolers in the cars and made up some sandwiches for everyone . 
 we found a bag of chips and some sodas , and then packed the coolers into the provided bear-proof food lockers . 
 there was nothing about having our food locked away in a 33x45 inch metal locker that made me feel any better . 
 just the fact that bears roaming around the campground was so commonplace that they 'd felt the need to install these lockers gave me pause . 
 that was a little closer to nature than i wanted to be . 
 coming up behind me , teren laced his arms around my waist and whispered in my ear , `` do n't worry ... i think i can take a bear . '' 
 i looked at him over my shoulder as he opened his mouth and flicked his tongue over his canines . 
 i laughed at the implied gesture , and felt a little better about the situation . 
 no matter what , my pit bull would protect me . 
 turning in his arms , i slung mine around his waist . 
 `` i 'm sure you could , '' i whispered . 
 `` and what a treat that would be for you-better than a chicken . '' 
 he laughed at my comment , and i hugged him . 
 over his shoulder , i could see the successfully raised tent . 
 my eyes slid over to where teren had also set up our smaller , and more easily put together tent . 
 it was a few feet from ben and tracey 's and back a bit from the fire ring . 
 breaking apart from teren , i searched his eyes . 
 the campground was well shaded with the towering trees around us , and while there was still plenty of light , it was n't the same as being directly under the sun . 
 i was attuned to teren 's glow , so i clearly saw it in the whites of his eyes , but no one else would notice ... until nightfall . 
 i sighed and he smiled . 
 `` it 's fine , emma ... do n't worry . '' 
 ben came up behind us and clapped teren 's back . 
 `` worry about what ? '' 
 teren smiled and casually said , `` bears . '' 
 i blinked my eyes at him in surprise . 
 it was so easy for him to lie . 
 although , it was n't really a lie . 
 i was a little concerned over that , too . 
 hot ben gave us a glorious smile as tracey came up and wrapped a hand around his toned stomach . 
 `` do n't worry , i 've been coming here for years and i 've never seen one . 
 it will be fine . '' 
 he patted tracey 's hand while he spoke , and i wondered if she 'd had the same concerns that i 'd had . 
 knowing tracey , i was sure she had . 
 we contently ate our little lunch . 
 well , everyone except teren was content . 
 he eyed his sandwich a little grumpily , and i wondered if maybe we should have found a way to sneak in some blood to keep him satisfied . 
 oh well , he 'd have to deal with it until bedtime ... then he could get a nibble off me . 
 after our meal , we debated what to do , while we removed all traces of food and put away the rest of our stuff . 
 since it was only just after one in the afternoon , we decided to hike the upper yosemite falls trail to columbia rock ; it did n't go to the top of the falls , but it was a much less strenuous climb , although still a pretty good workout . 
 we all got into our hiking shoes , shoved some water , trail mix and a digital camera into ben 's backpack , and drove to the trailhead to park our car for the couple hour hike . 
 the first thing i noticed was that there were n't a lot of people on the trail . 
 most of the visitors also seemed to be doing the lower trail ; there were plenty of couples with young children and older grandmas and grandpas shuffling along those paths , taking pictures of the vista around them . 
 ben explained that it was because the famous falls were dry for another month or so , until the winter snows fed them again . 
 he said he liked coming here this time of year , because it was quieter , less touristy . 
 i agreed as we neared our destination of columbia rock and no one seemed to be around us . 
 tracey and hot ben were on the edge of the rock , snapping photos of the trickling falls , the granite mountains surrounding them , and the valley of green trees nestled between them , when i heard a sound behind me that made me forget every worry i 'd ever had about teren 's eyes . 
 in a flash , i was reminded of the real fear i should have been worrying about all along . 
 teren and i had been standing quite a ways back from the edge , away from tracey and ben , as we caught our breaths from the hike and looked at the majesty before us . 
 the noise i 'd heard , was him dropping to his knees , clutching his chest , and groaning in pain . 
 tracey and ben had n't noticed yet , and i immediately dropped to his side . 
 `` teren ... what 's wrong ? '' 
 i frantically whispered . 
 he looked up at me , his face contorted in agony as he clutched his hand over his heart , like an old man having a heart attack . 
 that was when it hit me . 
 he was having a heart attack . 
 he was about to die at the top of an hour long hike up a mountainside , and at least a four hour drive from the ranch . 
 he was about to die in a place that i could n't possibly even begin to remove his limp body from on my own . 
 he was about to die , and reawaken , in a place where currently only me , tracey and ben were present . 
 he was about to wake monstrously hungry and one , if not all of us , were about to die , too . 
 and then , a still hungry vampire would be loose among the crowds of men , women and children that we 'd passed on the way up to this slope . 
 i immediately realized how foolish this trip was . 
 now was not the time to be in the middle of nowhere , and hours away from the safety and solitude of the ranch . 
 my earlier concern of exposure was near silly now . 
 that had never been the real issue . 
 this was the real issue . 
 and it was happening now ... his eyes tightened in pain as his hand reached out for me . 
 i had no idea what to do , no idea how to help him . 
 should we start down to the car now , while he was still conscious ? 
 do we clue in ben and tracey , or just quietly leave while they were snapping scenic photos . 
 i wanted to scream at him to give me answers . 
 i wanted to comfort him as he was dying . 
 i wanted to cry . 
 i was too scared to do anything though . 
 i just watched his hand slowly snake up to my neck . 
 then that hand grasped my neck and jerked me forward , until my lips crashed into his . 
 his mouth found mine and hungrily pressed against me . 
 confused , i started to push him away . 
 he laughed and pulled me closer , parting my lips to sneak his tongue inside . 
 that was when my second startling revelation hit me . 
 he was faking . 
 i jerked away from him and smacked him soundly across the head . 
 he frowned and rubbed his ear . 
 `` ow , emma , '' he pouted ... the jerk actually pouted . 
 in a harsh whisper , i screeched , `` do n't you ever joke about that again , teren ! 
 i was scared shitless ! '' 
 i smacked him again on the head . 
 `` i had no idea what to do ! '' 
 i tried to smack him again , but he grabbed my hand and pulled me into his lap . 
 `` i 'm supposed to take care of you , and i had no idea what to do ! '' 
 he brought his hands to my cheeks , his eyes showing genuine remorse for his stupid joke . 
 i could feel frustrated tears forming , and i tried to blink them back . 
 `` i had no idea what to do ... '' i could n't hold back the sob and he quickly pulled me into his shoulder and scooted us to the far side of a large boulder , where tracey and ben would n't be able to see us . 
 rocking me back and forth on his lap , he rubbed a hand up and down my back . 
 `` i 'm sorry , emma . 
 i 'm so sorry . 
 that was a stupid joke . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 he kept repeating it over and over , as he rubbed my skin under my light jacket . 
 eventually , my fear subsided and my tears dwindled . 
 feeling a little stupid over my reaction , i pulled back to glare at him . 
 `` that . 
 was . 
 not . 
 funny . '' 
 he sheepishly held my eyes as i stated , `` do not ever tease about that again . '' 
 cringing , he solemnly nodded . 
 he helped me fix my face , and then we stood up and joined a still oblivious tracey and ben in viewing the glorious beauty before us . 
 it felt a little less majestic to me with a small river of fear still flowing through my system . 
 yes , he had been stupidly messing around with me , but that did n't change the fact that we should n't be here right now . 
 if that had been real ... i could n't even finish that thought . 
 <br/> i snapped my head away from him and resisted the urge to smack that smug look off his face . 
 jerk . 
 big vampiric jerk . 
 when the car stopped at our campsite , i immediately got out and huffed over to our tent . 
 noisily pulling the zipper , i ducked inside . 
 i re-zipped it on the inside and silently cursed that i did n't have a heavy door to slam ... that would have been much more satisfying . 
 `` you are such a freaking a ** hole ! 
 your vampire ass better stay far away from me , '' i sullenly muttered , knowing full well he could hear me . 
 sure enough , a heavy sigh answered me from the other side of the tent . 
 i paced the inside , while i listened to hot ben and teren gathering their supplies . 
 tracey giggled at something that ben was doing to her . 
 i suddenly hated how easy their relationship was , especially since teren and i were smack-dab in the middle of a secret fight . 
 i could see teren 's body blocking the light , just on the other side of the fabric separating us , and i had a sudden moment of sadness sweep over me . 
 that thin barrier between us suddenly felt metaphoric in the worst possible way . 
 in that instant , i wanted him in here with me , more than i wanted to continue the fight ... but he 'd injured my pride . 
 i could n't cave that easily . 
 i watched his shadow bend down to pick up his fishing pole near the tent , then straighten back up . 
 his shadow paused , and for a moment we stared at each other , without really seeing each other . 
 i knew he knew exactly where i was in the small tent though ; he 'd be able to hear my heartbeat , even all the way outside . 
 `` ready , teren ? '' 
 i heard ben calling , from over by the vehicles . 
 his shadow never moving , teren softly said , `` yeah ... i 'm ready . '' 
 his shadow narrowed to a thinner sliver as he turned away from me . 
 i could n't handle that . 
 `` wait , '' i whispered . 
 his shadow immediately hesitated and the shape of his head turned towards me . 
 `` please come back before dark . 
 please be careful . '' 
 it was as close to `` i 'm sorry and i 'm hopelessly in love with you , so please do n't let anything happen to you '' that i could say , without conceding defeat . 
 i watched his head drop as he absorbed my plea . 
 he nodded , and i felt that he truly understood everything i was silently saying to him . 
 stepping closer to the tent , he raised a hand up to the fabric . 
 i raised my hand as well and our fingers touched through the thin material . 
 i had to hold in the tears at that insignificant , but so powerful connection . 
 i swallowed and his shadow fully turned away from me . 
 then i heard his car hum to life and crunch over the small twigs along the road as they slowly drove away . 
 i curled into a ball on our sleeping bags and desperately tried to stop the sudden panic that flew into my throat . 
 what if something happened while he was gone ? 
 i was in that fetal position when i heard our tent being unzipped . 
 i looked up to the door , right as tracey poked her blonde head in . 
 `` what ` cha doing in here ? '' 
 she looked around the small space before returning to my eyes . 
 i prayed they were n't glistening . 
 apparently they were n't , for she cheerily stepped inside , re-zipped the tent , and plopped down on the bag beside me . 
 lying back with her arms above her head , her long hair fanning out around her , she sighed , `` is n't ben dreamy ... ? '' 
 she then began a fifteen minute soliloquy on the perfection that was hot ben , while i tried to force down the fears and insecurities i had about my relationship with teren . 
 i tried to be the good friend that listened , encouraged , asked the right questions , and probed for all the right secrets . 
 the secrets that she acted like she did n't want to talk about , but really , she did , she just wanted to be asked . 
 i tried ... it was difficult at first . 
 i still felt like sobbing , and even though tracey was oblivious to my bad mood , i was sure waterworks would clue her in . 
 and i could n't talk about it with her . 
 i could n't tell her that my soon-to-be-dead boyfriend had just jokingly faked his death , and it had made me realize how terrifying that day was actually going to be for me . 
 i could n't ask her what i should do about it . 
 i could n't ask for opinions on how to change the stubborn man 's mind . 
 i could n't tell her that the stress was giving me an ulcer . 
 i could n't talk with her about any of that ... because she could n't know his secret . 
 unlike my sister , tracey would not handle it well . 
 but eventually , talking with tracey about her mundane relationship eased my mind , and as we were laughing over hot ben 's toe-sucking fetish , my heart finally started to lift . 
 i silently thanked tracey , for the unknowing support that she was giving me . 
 after a while we emerged from the cave-tent i 'd been hiding in , and we attempted to do something adventurous while the men were gone-we tried to make a fire . 
 we walked back to where you could buy bundles of firewood and picked up a couple each . 
 feeling like quite the do-it-yourselfers , we giggled all the way back to our campsite . 
 we got an offer of help from a friendly , older man , playing with his two grandkids a couple of spots away , but we politely refused his offer , since we were feeling pretty good about ourselves . 
 we felt less good about ourselves when we struggled with the actual making a fire part . 
 neither one of us had ever done it before . 
 it did n't seem like it should be rocket science though . 
 we made a little tepee with wood , shoved some newspapers that we 'd found inside ben 's car underneath it , and then lit those papers with a match i 'd found among teren 's things . 
 the paper lit immediately , curled , blackened and then drifted away on the wind , leaving just barely scorched wood above it . 
 we lowered the tepee and tried again . 
 after the third attempt , we finally had a nice little blaze going and we did a little girl-power jig , right there by the fire pit . 
 that was when the boys showed back up . 
 the headlights flashed along our gyrating bodies and laughing , we both looked over as the car shut off . 
 tracey squealed and ran to hot ben 's side , throwing herself into his arms and showering him with kisses . 
 my reaction was much more restrained ... teren and i were n't exactly on the best terms right now , after all . 
 teren slowly opened his door and got out ; his eyes never left mine . 
 my heartbeat suddenly shifted into triple time , and i focused on maintaining an even breath . 
 he cocked his head to the side , like he was listening to my reaction , and then biting his lip , he walked over to where i was standing beside the fire . 
 `` i 'm back , '' he said softly . 
 i nodded , tears filling my eyes . 
 `` i can see that . '' 
 my arms slipped around his neck and my head buried into the crook of his warm skin . 
 i inhaled the scent of pine , water and pure man that came off him , and squeezed him tight as he lifted me a good foot into the air . 
 he exhaled a long breath and nearly squeezed the life from me as he held me in that position . 
 it was n't exactly an end to our argument , but it was an acknowledgement that we were still in this together . 
 we were still hopelessly in love . 
 i brushed a couple of tears off my cheeks as he finally set me down . 
 his pale eyes locked on my tears , concerned , and he seemed about ready to speak , when ben and tracey came up to us . 
 `` did you tell her about the rainbow ? '' 
 ben clapped teren 's shoulder , while teren muttered , `` no , i had n't gotten to that yet . '' 
 ben looked at me , his expression animated as he held his hands out , indicating a size . 
 `` yeah , we caught this rainbow trout that was at least this big . 
 right , teren ? '' 
 teren glanced over at the distance between ben 's palms and feebly nodded . 
 ben swished his hands . 
 `` we had to release it , 'cause you ca n't keep rainbows ... but it was cool . '' 
 he pointed over to a bucket beside tracey . 
 `` we got a couple of browns for you guys to cook up . '' 
 he gave tracey a loving look . 
 `` nice fire , babe . '' 
 she giggled , and they proceeded to make out for a couple minutes . 
 i sighed and met eyes with teren again . 
 he sighed , too , then pointed to the fire . 
 `` it is very nice . '' 
 his eyes flicked around the forest that would be darkening within a half hour . 
 `` i think i 'll have a seat . '' 
 i nodded and sighed again as he went to sit down . 
 we may have acknowledged the love between us , but we needed to have some words , too , and we could n't do that with tracey and ben right beside us . 
 tracey and i went about figuring out how to fillet and prepare fish for frying . 
 ben had to come over to help us at one point , which led to more inappropriately graphic displays of affection , but eventually we started cooking them , and our campsite filled with the smell of oil , fish and spices . 
 we dished up our meals with the food the boys had caught , and then we all sat around the campfire and ate the fish with some rolls , a green salad and a bottle of wine . 
 the sky darkened as we ate , and the absence of light made me even more aware of sound . 
 i heard the snap-crackle of the fire , the light laughter of our neighbors in the campground , the skittering of small animals in the underbrush , and the larger creatures , rustling among the trees . 
 i hoped none of the noises were bears . 
 as we cleaned up all evidence of dinner , tracey seemed to feel the same . 
 `` you do n't think any bears are around , do you ? '' 
 she nervously asked ben . 
 he gave her an award-winning smile , making her flush , but teren answered before ben could , `` there are n't any bears in the area tonight . '' 
 they both stopped flirting with each other to look over at him , and i shut my eyes for a moment . 
 i knew he knew that because of his extra abilities ; he could probably distinguish an animal 's heartbeat from a human one , and a bear would have a pretty big heartbeat . 
 perhaps he could even smell if any bears were nearby . 
 but tracey and ben would n't know why teren seemed to know that with such certainty . 
 with everyone looking at him , teren shrugged his shoulders . 
 `` i talked to a ranger while we were fishing . 
 he said there had n't been any bears around the campsites for a while , they 're all higher up the mountains . '' 
 he nodded his head over his other shoulder , indicating where the bears supposedly were . 
 i narrowed my eyes , wondering if any of that was the truth or not . 
 ben nodded . 
 `` is that who you were talking to ? '' 
 teren met my eyes and nodded . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i held his gaze for a long time but i could n't read him . 
 i did n't know if he was being honest or not . 
 i hated that i did n't know for sure . 
 i hated how good he was at lying and yet , at the same time , i understood why he was . 
 i searched his eyes while he searched mine , and i decided to just let this one go . 
 we had enough issues between us tonight . 
 before i looked away , i noted that he was right about his eyes ; there was a distinct enhancement that i could easily see , but a normal human would write it off as an odd play of light from the fire . 
 his eyes were fine . 
 his eyes were no longer the problem . 
 after cleaning up , tracey sat in hot ben 's lap , and before long , their fun flirting turned much more serious . 
 giggling , they hastily said goodnight and darted off to their massive tent . 
 they never even looked twice at teren 's eyes-they only had eyes for each other . 
 teren and i sat on opposite sides of the fire , staring at each other . 
 his eyes bored into mine , reflecting the firelight back to me-orange irises in a sea of startling white . 
 our stare down was interrupted by a ranger walking down the road . 
 `` ten o'clock , fires out . '' 
 he told us , politely , but firmly , as he walked by . 
 knowing that all californians took fire safety pretty seriously , we stood and immediately doused the flames . 
 teren 's eyes obviously glowed as the last of the orange flames died out . 
 `` i 'll be in the tent , '' he muttered . 
 `` i 'll be there in a minute , '' i replied . 
 i watched his form in the darkness , his glowing eyes turning to regard me once before ducking into the safety of the tent and disappearing . 
 i sighed and grabbed a flashlight , making my way to the bathrooms before bed-i had no desire to pee outside . 
 when i got back , i slipped into the tent and changed into thermal pajamas . 
 it got pretty cold at night here . 
 i thought for sure teren was already asleep , until the glow of his eyes ignited into life and turned to watch me . 
 i slipped into the two sleeping bags that we had zipped together to make one large bag , and teren 's hand hesitantly reached out for me . 
 i shifted towards him and he placed his hand on my stomach ; his face was blank in the dim light he emitted . 
 `` you 're still mad at me , '' he whispered , shifting to his side to face me . 
 i sighed and brought a hand up to cup his cheek . 
 his eyes closed for a fraction of a second , momentarily slipping us into darkness , before reopening . 
 `` yes , '' i said simply . 
 he sighed and rested his head against mine . 
 `` i 'm sorry , emma . 
 how do i make this go away ? '' 
 i pushed him back a little . 
 `` you do n't make this go away , teren . 
 we have to talk about this , really talk about it . '' 
 rolling over to his back , he removed his hand from my body ; the glow of his eyes splashed along the ceiling of the tent . 
 `` there is n't much to talk about , emma . 
 i was joking around ... it was inappropriate and i 'm sorry . '' 
 his eyes flashed back to mine . 
 `` how long are you going to keep punishing me ? '' 
 i sat up on my elbow , my eyes narrowing . 
 `` punishing you ? 
 teren ... this is n't about your stupid joke . '' 
 now he sat up on an elbow . 
 `` then what are you so mad about ? '' 
 i let out a disbelieving sound . 
 did he really not grasp this ? 
 `` we should n't be way out here in the middle of nowhere , teren . '' 
 he rolled his eyes , which pissed me off even more . 
 `` your parents are right . 
 it 's not safe , '' i whispered . 
 leaning in close , his eyes flared with anger . 
 `` god , you sound exactly like them now . 
 have you switched to their side ? '' 
 i shoved his shoulder away from me . 
 `` there are no sides , teren . 
 there is safe and there is not safe . '' 
 i indicated the looming forest around us full of innocent people . 
 `` this is not safe . '' 
 he ran a hand down his face , plunging us into darkness again . 
 `` it was a joke , emma . 
 i 'm not dying this weekend . 
 i could feel it if i were , and i 'm not-i 'm fine ! '' 
 his voice was low , but harsh . 
 i listened in the darkness for anyone who could have overheard that , but all i heard was the escalating sounds of tracey and hot ben 's flirting . 
 i stopped listening , and focused on teren 's dark shape . 
 i grabbed his cheek , and he reopened his eyes as he moved his hand away from his face . 
 able to see him again , i took in the thin , hard line of his lips , felt the rigid tension in his jaw . 
 my own muscles felt tight as liquid fire flashed through me . 
 `` you could feel it ? 
 are you a freaking psychic now ? '' 
 his mouth dropped open and the glow of his eyes narrowed . 
 he started to answer me , but i beat him to it . 
 `` how do you know what it 's going to feel like ? 
 how many times have you died , teren ? '' 
 i snapped in a low voice . 
 his face came right up to mine again , only inches away , and a flash of something else mixed with my anger . 
 i pushed the minute desire back and focused on my anger . 
 `` i know my body , emma . '' 
 i scoffed at that . 
 `` really ? 
 that 's why you nearly took a bite out of me at dinner a few nights ago ? 
 'cause you know your body so well ? '' 
 he backed away , the glow shifting down as he studied the floor . 
 if i could see more of him , i was sure i 'd see that he was blushing . 
 `` it 's not happening right now , '' he sullenly muttered . 
 i flopped to my back , annoyed . 
 neither one of us was going to budge on this tonight . 
 teren flipped onto his back , and we both stared at the seam in the ceiling that his glowing eyes illuminated . 
 clear sounds of passion were drifting over to us from the tent next door , and teren 's hand under the sleeping bag scooted over to brush against my leg . 
 the slight movement made a different kind of heat pulse through my body , but i forced it back as well . 
 no way the jerk was getting lucky now , not after the afternoon we 'd had . 
 not sensing my mood , his hand grasped me more firmly and started traveling up my thigh . 
 i still did n't move , not encouraging , but not discouraging either . 
 teren rolled to his side and brought his other hand to my stomach . 
 his warm lips found my neck . 
 `` emma ... , '' he breathed against my skin , `` let 's not fight ... '' the ache in his voice just about killed me , but i pushed him back . 
 surprised , he blinked his glowing eyes as he studied me . 
 i ignored the hypnotic , trancelike feeling of that gaze and looked away . 
 it was a rare event when i turned teren down , and it had never happened since we 'd decided to try for a baby . 
 `` emma ? '' 
 he asked softly . 
 i turned back to the glow of him . 
 `` no , teren ... not tonight . '' 
 `` are n't we trying for a baby ? '' 
 he scoffed . 
 my eyes narrowed . 
 well , that just made this a heck of a lot simpler . 
 i poked a finger in his chest . 
 `` i said , not tonight . '' 
 i circled the finger in the air over my body . 
 `` this is a restricted area . 
 and you no longer have clearance . '' 
 irritated , he shifted his glowing orbs away from me . 
 `` goodnight , emma . '' 
 i rolled away from him and moved to the edge of the bag , so we were n't touching . 
 `` whatever , teren . '' 
 i awoke the next morning in a cold , empty sleeping bag . 
 i looked around the small tent , but teren had slipped out and was n't with me . 
 sighing , i stretched and massaged a lump in my back , where i 'd apparently slept on a boulder . 
 getting some fresh clothes for today , i unzipped my bag and scrounged through my stuff . 
 i dressed as quickly as i could in the still-chilly morning air , slipping on my hiking shoes last . 
 sliding out of the tent , i immediately spotted teren . 
 he was sitting alone by the fire , poking the ashes with a stick . 
 he looked sullen and unhappy , and i hated that we were fighting . 
 he did n't look up when i approached . 
 i sat beside him , resisting the urge to touch him . 
 i hated it though , and with a heavy sigh , i stopped resisting and let my hand fall to his knee . 
 he looked over with soft , pale eyes . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he quietly said . 
 `` i hate fighting with you . 
 i was ... '' he looked around the campsite , like he was suddenly unsure of what to say . 
 `` an ass ... '' i supplied , with a slight curl of my lip . 
 he let out a small laugh as his eyes returned to mine . 
 the mound of tension between us seemed to dissolve in that laugh . 
 we relaxed in the camp chairs , his arm draped over mine on his leg , our shoulders touching . 
 `` yes ... an ass . 
 i 'm sorry , it 's just ... '' he searched my face while he searched for words . 
 `` my entire life , i 've had people telling me what i should do , where i should go , when i should marry , when to have children ... '' he shrugged his shoulders . 
 `` i got so sick of it . 
 i just wanted to be my own person , with my own goals , and my own dreams . '' 
 he pointed at the ground in front of him . 
 `` i wanted my own life . '' 
 he looked out over the forest as he spoke in a whisper , `` i fought hard to live in san francisco ... away from them . 
 i think they only finally let me to appease me , like eventually they 'd snatch me back . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i guess when people start trying to force their way on me , that old resentment rears up , and i just get really ... defensive . '' 
 looking over at me , he meekly smiled . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i do n't want to be that person with you . '' 
 he cocked his head to the side in an adorable way . 
 `` forgive me ? '' 
 i swallowed as i studied his beautiful face . 
 he was so amazing , how could i not forgive him ? 
 smiling , i leaned in to kiss him . 
 i pulled him in deeper , until our kiss was intense and passionate . 
 when teren started to breathe heavier , i pulled away and whispered , `` i 'll think about it . '' 
 we both laughed and sat back in our seats , resting our heads together and enjoying the stillness of the morning . 
 finally , he broke the quiet . 
 `` i 'm really sorry i screwed up this weekend . 
 that was really stupid . 
 i did n't mean to scare you . '' 
 i nodded against his head and closed my eyes , to hold in the sudden tears . 
 `` i love you , emma , '' he whispered . 
 `` i love you too , teren , '' i whispered back . 
 we let the fight between us die as we tightly held each other 's hands . 
 there would be time . 
 we could discuss it more , later . 
 for a long , peaceful moment , we watched the leaves dance in the light breeze and listened to the morning birds calling to their mates , then a zipping noise signaled the arrival of our site-mates . 
 i watched tracey as she stepped out of her tent . 
 she wore fresh clothes as well , and had her long blonde hair pulled up into a ponytail that mirrored my dark mane . 
 she zipped back up the tent , leaving hot ben behind . 
 maybe he was still sleeping . 
 their night had been a rather long one . 
 yawning and rubbing a kink in her back , she walked over to where teren and i were cuddling by the dead fire . 
 she sighed as she sat down opposite us . 
 `` i do n't know if i can do tent-sex again , '' she muttered , right in front of teren . 
 he lightly coughed and i could feel him smile as he kissed my hair . 
 tracey continued , like she was only talking to me . 
 `` i swear i have a rock permanently embedded in my ass . '' 
 she rolled her eyes and tried to rub out her bottom . 
 `` next time he can get the rock in his butt , i 'm taking the top . '' 
 teren stood at that point . 
 running a hand through his hair , he looked back at me . 
 `` i 'm gon na ... get some ... firewood ... or something . '' 
 he leaned down to kiss me and then walked away from tracey , lightly shaking his head . 
 i smiled as i watched him leave , then turned back to tracey , who did n't seem to catch that he left because of her sharing . 
 tracey and i chatted about more specifics of her evening , details that teren definitely would not want have wanted to be privy to , until eventually ben peeked his frosted tips out of the tent . 
 tracey grinned at the sight of the rugged i-haven ` t-shaved-in-twenty-four-hours-and-my-camping-hair-is-a-rumpled-mess hotness that was ben . 
 he grinned back at her as she rose to meet him with an adorably sweet kiss . 
 i was pretty sure that tracey would put up with a lot more rocks in her ass to be with ben . 
 a few minutes later , teren came back with a couple loads of firewood . 
 looking a little relieved that the `` girl talk '' was over , he nodded at ben . 
 after ben greeted him , the boys went about making us a warm , filling breakfast . 
 i briefly kissed teren when he handed me my plate of bacon and eggs . 
 he grabbed my cheek and stared at me intently , like he was trying to silently convey just how horrid the last several hours had been for him . 
 i nodded while my eyes moistened . 
 i understood ; i 'd felt it , too . 
 he acknowledged my nod with a soft kiss . 
 `` i love you , teren ... but we still need to talk about this ... later , '' i whispered under my breath as he sat down beside me with a plate of his own . 
 he held my gaze for a few long moments , then he nearly imperceptibly nodded . 
 relief filled my body . 
 he was going to at least talk with me about it-hopefully without getting all defensive and pissy . 
 i understood where he was coming from but i did n't think he understood where i was coming from . 
 without asking me , he 'd heaped a lot of responsibility on me in this `` plan '' of his and i was scared . 
 no , scared did n't cover it ... i was terrified . 
 after breakfast , the guys wanted to do a little more fishing and tracey and i decided to join them . 
 we spent the remainder of that lazy sunday along the banks of the merced river . 
 we drove a few minutes to a parking area and walked along the rocky edges of the picturesque stream . 
 ben would say , `` this looks like a good spot , '' and teren would throw me a sly glance and respond with , `` no , i think the fish are further upstream . '' 
 i bit back a smile , knowing my vamp was sensing things that poor hot ben would never be able to . 
 everyone listened to teren 's suggestions and we ended up stopping at a spot that looked like an artist had painted it . 
 thick , majestic douglas firs and sequoias lined the banks of the broad , slowly churning river . 
 huge boulders created perfect spots for tracey and me to sit and dip our fingers into the icy waters . 
 teren and ben moved a few feet away from us and cast their lines into the clean , crystal-clear stream that was home to huge trout . 
 even i could see some occasionally swimming by . 
 eagles were perched high on some nearby tree branches , watching for meals of their own , and half dome peak provided a magnificent backdrop that was almost too perfect to believe was real . 
 it was a stunning location . 
 the boys chatted back and forth about fishing lures and other places around california that they 'd been . 
 i noticed that teren never mentioned his parents ' ranch and the fishing hole he and his dad frequented , and wondered if that was because ben would naturally ask to see it and that was just something teren was n't willing to let happen yet . 
 that thought reminded me that my mom had wanted to see the ranch . 
 hmmm ... maybe she 'd forget if i never brought it up again . 
 yeah ... right . 
 tracey and i found a nice spot on some large , flat boulders to lie down on , and we enjoyed the warmth of the sun on our faces while we chatted about work , ashley , and our fishing boys . 
 we had flipped onto our stomachs and were sort of ignoring the men , as we chatted about the latest celebrity gossip . 
 i was sharing my `` i practically know brad pitt '' story , which tracey appreciated a lot more than teren had , when an icy blast of cold water hit my previously warm lower back . 
 i screamed . 
 tracey matched my startlement as her own skin was suddenly exposed to the frigid river water . 
 i flipped over and glared up at a laughing teren . 
 he was standing above me , wiping his wet hands on his jeans . 
 he and ben had thought it funny to cup a handful of icy water and dump in on our backs . 
 why does that sort of thing amuse men so much ? 
 i jumped up and smacked his shoulder while he laughed and backed away from me . 
 i heard hot ben spouting something behind me and knew tracey was probably smacking the crap out of him too . 
 teren suddenly picked me up and scooted me back into the forest a little ways . 
 i could hear ben and tracey giggling , but i could no longer see them . 
 teren backed me into a tree and pressed his body along the length of me . 
 i suddenly did n't care about the fight we 'd had . 
 i suddenly did n't care that he 'd just doused me with water . 
 i suddenly did n't care that our friends were ten feet away . 
 i ran my hands up his back and pulled him tight against me . 
 his lips hungrily met mine and he made a deep noise in his chest as his hands ran over my body . 
 i threaded my fingers through his hair as my tongue sought his . 
 i moaned in his mouth when we brushed together . 
 his mouth scooted over to my ear and sucked on the lobe . 
 `` i want you , '' he growled . 
 i gasped , amazed at how much that feeling was reciprocated , how much i wanted him . 
 his mouth trailed down my neck as his hard body pressed into mine . 
 `` how do you want me ? '' 
 i murmured . 
 his blazing eyes pulled back to look at me and my breath increased at the passion in them . 
 his fiery eyes flicked back to the bank , where tracey and ben were still laughing . 
 when they flicked back to me , his fangs were extended . 
 `` every way , '' he husked . 
 well , damn ... i struggled to remember that our friends were a short distance away , and i could n't entertain this little vampire fantasy right now . 
 i ran my finger along an extended tooth and he quivered . 
 i pressed the pad up against the point until it poked through the flesh . 
 i cringed at the momentary pain but stopped when his warm mouth closed around my finger and started sucking . 
 oh , hell ... `` hey , guys ? '' 
 ben 's voice shouting to us from the riverbank startled me from the hotness of the moment . 
 teren stopped sucking on my appendage and lightly shook his head ; his fangs retracted as he did . 
 taking a deep breath , he forced himself away from me and smiled with just the corner of his mouth . 
 i struggled to put myself back together as he answered ben . 
 `` we 're coming , '' he shouted towards the bank . 
 i heard tracey laugh and mutter , `` i bet they are . '' 
 my face heated at her comment and teren chuckled and looked at the ground . 
 when we were both more collected , he extended his hand to me , and i happily took it . 
 we emerged from the forest a few minutes later . 
 hot ben and tracey looked at us with knowing smiles before laughing and cuddling into each other 's arms again . 
 `` ready for lunch ? '' 
 i muttered , walking over to teren 's backpack to get the picnic we 'd tucked in there . 
 only light laughter answered me and my face flushed even more . 
 a few hours later we were on the highway , driving through the sea of green trees , heading back home to fog city . 
 we were zipping along a few paces behind ben 's suv , and i could see his and tracey 's heads leaning together in a sweet kiss . 
 i thought about how tender and romantic their weekend had been , and how different an experience mine had been . 
 not that teren and i had n't had our moments-that last by the river was still burning through my body-but for the most part , our weekend had been an enlightening one . 
 as teren had been helping ben take down the tents and load up the vehicles , and tracey had been regaling me with tales of more camping trips she wanted our foursome to take , my mind had been spinning with the ineptitude of teren 's plan . 
 it was n't going to work . 
 i needed him to see that . 
 i needed him to at least consider that possibility , without ripping my head off . 
 i looked over at his softly smiling face as we followed ben 's vehicle away from the park . 
 i hoped that smile would stay on his face after this little conversation ... we needed to have it though . 
 `` teren ... '' the edges of his lips curled down as he instantly knew what we were going to talk about . 
 so much for the smile . 
 he looked over at me out of the corner of his eyes . 
 `` you want to do this now ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i just want you to listen to my side ... that 's all . '' 
 his eyes relaxed and his mouth softly curled into a smile again . 
 `` i can listen . 
 i am capable of that . '' 
 i exhaled in a long , calming breath as his eyes went back to the road . 
 seeing the smile still on his lips , i quietly began , `` i 'm terrified , teren . '' 
 he turned to look at me with furrowed brows , and i continued before he could interrupt . 
 `` your little stunt yesterday has clearly shown me that i ca n't do what you 're asking of me . 
 i just ca n't , teren . '' 
 he returned his eyes to the road with his forehead still scrunched . 
 i could n't tell if the expression was anger , confusion or worry . 
 finally , he shook his head and said , `` i 'm only asking for a car ride , emma . 
 it 's not as big a deal as you - '' he was n't understanding my dilemma . 
 i cut him off . 
 `` assuming , by some miracle , you call me in time and i get to your heart-attacking body before everyone else , assuming i manage to get you into my car before a single person around figures out what 's going on , assuming all of that , how long will the actual conversion take teren ? 
 how long do i really have to get you to the ranch ? '' 
 he blinked and let his train of thought end without a fight . 
 he stared at the road , thinking about it , and i could tell from his expression that this was the first time he 'd considered that part of it . 
 i realized that , just like i had n't looked at every angle when i 'd asked him to change ashley , he had n't looked at every angle in his quest to stay in san francisco . 
 sometimes we only see what we want to see . 
 when he finally spoke , he answered me quietly , and a little humbly , `` great-gran said gran 's conversion took half of an entire day . '' 
 i considered that , as his face fell with his next realization . 
 he continued in a near whisper , `` gran said mom 's took four hours . '' 
 icy shock made the hairs on the back of my neck stand up . 
 i blinked and gaped at him . 
 `` four hours ? 
 from twelve ? 
 teren , in one generation it condensed that much ? 
 who knows how long it could take for you ? '' 
 he looked over at me , and i could see real fear behind his eyes as he came to a startling conclusion . 
 `` it could take under an hour for me , '' he stated , returning his eyes to the road . 
 panic filled me , as i realized what that meant . 
 `` your parents live an hour away . 
 even if i got to you right away , even if you were still conscious in the car when we started the trip ... if we got held up in traffic or the tiniest thing went wrong , or if it was even quicker than an hour ... '' teren swallowed and spoke my greatest fear , `` i would wake up in the car ... alone with you . '' 
 he immediately added , `` i would n't hurt you , emma . 
 i swear . '' 
 `` teren ... what are you willing to risk on that ? 
 are you willing to risk my life on a death-inducing thirst ? 
 are you willing to risk yours ? '' 
 he twisted to stare at me , his mouth dropping open . 
 he had n't known that i knew how severe his thirst would be , that i knew how severe the ramifications of his not drinking would be . 
 he did n't know that i knew he would die , if he did n't kill me . 
 he realized it now . 
 he briefly closed his eyes before returning his vision to the road . 
 we had lagged behind tracey and ben while we 'd talked , and that happy couple was no longer within sight of us . 
 that seemed a little appropriate , considering the conversation we were now having . 
 `` what do you want me to do , emma ? '' 
 he asked , heavy reluctance in his voice . 
 i laid my hand over his knee . 
 `` i want you to go to the ranch . 
 i do n't want this burden . 
 i do n't want this risk . '' 
 he glanced over at me with sad eyes . 
 `` i want you to be safe , teren . '' 
 he looked back to the road and was silent for so long , that i was positive he 'd begin fighting with me again when he did speak . 
 but , with a heavy sigh , he finally conceded the fight . 
 `` okay . 
 i 'll go . '' 
 he did n't speak again for the rest of the exceedingly long drive home , and i felt every mile go by in the oppressive silence . 
 i found i could n't speak either . 
 i found that i had no words . 
 i did n't feel like gloating that i 'd won the fight , that he 'd finally be safe . 
 if anything , i felt guilty that i 'd coerced him into doing something he did n't want to do , even if it was the smarter choice . 
 we pulled up to my house hours later and he sweetly helped me carry my things to my room . 
 but sadness marked his features , like the reality of his situation had finally tightened around him , and he was having trouble accepting it . 
 he 'd lived for so long in a sort of stubborn `` i 'll do this my way '' denial , that he 'd overlooked some truths about his situation . 
 those truths were eating him up inside now ; i could see it in his countenance . 
 he looked on the verge of a breakdown . 
 after the last of my stuff was plopped onto a wicker chair in the corner of my small bedroom , teren murmured goodbye and turned to leave . 
 i grabbed his arm , stopping him . 
 he looked at me with heartbreaking eyes that were quickly filling with tears . 
 one finally dropped to his cheek and i felt my own eyes watering . 
 `` i 'm so scared , emma . '' 
 his voice quavered , and another tear fell down his cheek , following the same path as the first . 
 i immediately pulled him into me and kissed him . 
 he returned the kiss with ferocity and instantly started stripping clothes off of me . 
 it was the only comfort i could give him . 
 it was the only comfort he could give me . 
 things were changing ... rapidly , and fearing that change , we clung to this one moment of physical bliss in my small victorian bedroom . 
 <br/> early monday morning , he rolled over in my bed and woke me with soft kisses on my shoulder , neck and cheek . 
 with clear reluctance in his voice , he whispered , `` i have to go get ready for work , '' in my ear . 
 i smiled that he 'd remembered to wake me before he left . 
 i sleepily watched him find his clothes in the gray-on-gray , pre-dawn light of the room . 
 once dressed , he leaned over and gave me a final goodbye kiss . 
 if he 'd had the time , i would have pulled those clothes right off of him again . 
 he did n't though , so with a small sigh , i ended our warm touch and whispered goodbye . 
 he paused at my doorway and gave me a heart-stopping crooked grin . 
 god , i loved that man . 
 i could n't fall back asleep after he left , so i got up early and clunked around my tiny , peaches and cream bedroom . 
 this house had been my grandmother 's house and this bedroom had been my mother 's . 
 out of respect for my long dead grandma , i slept in what was technically the second bedroom , although they were both the same size . 
 mom had had no desire to move back here after grandma had passed . 
 she really enjoyed sharing a two bedroom , single story home with ashley , near the campus . 
 but she had n't had the heart to sell the home she 'd grown up in . 
 it was fully paid for anyway and a good investment . 
 when i 'd finished college , mom had offered me a pretty spectacular rate on rent , since there was no way i 'd just live here for free , mooching off of her , and i 'd eagerly accepted the cute little home . 
 i supposed if i ever finally moved in with teren , ashley would come live here , although the steep staircase was a challenge for her . 
 i left my simple , yet elegant , little room and walked across the hall to the main bathroom . 
 my grandma had had a thing for lighthouses and the bathroom was done in a clearly nautical motif . 
 we 'd all found it much too cute to change , so we left it as a little homage to her . 
 i turned on the water for my shower and when it was warm enough , i pushed aside the curtain depicting a cliff side with raging waters below it and a lone , stoic lighthouse atop it , and stepped inside . 
 i sort of felt like that lighthouse , alone , and trying to be brave while torturous waves crashed below me , with only my one brightly shining lamp to light the darkness . 
 okay , maybe the metaphor was a little dramatic , but i was feeling a little dramatic after our weekend . 
 teren had really scared the piss out of me , and fighting with him like that was something i never wished to do again . 
 but i 'd won ... and now he was leaving . 
 and even though i understood the necessity of it , i hated the reality . 
 there was nothing i wanted more than for him to stay here in san francisco with me , for us to move in together , and for him to get me all barefoot and pregnant . 
 that was what i really wanted . 
 not him an hour away , with me visiting for booty calls ... ugh . 
 i shampooed , rinsed and repeated my hair , and stepped from the shower clean , if not refreshed . 
 i supposed teren and i still needed to talk about when he would leave and when i could visit . 
 his being so far away , would be a challenge in the whole baby making department . 
 we 'd talked before about ways to prolong creating a baby-freeze some of his stuff or something , but we 'd decided that having his vampiric dna around curious doctors , with labs running numerous sorts of tests , was just too great a risk of exposure , even for something this important . 
 no , our way was the old-fashioned way , so `` visits '' were an inevitability . 
 but i 'd do it . 
 i was n't about to give up on our dream , because of a little problem like geography . 
 it was only an hour anyway . 
 i would drive an hour every night to be with him , baby or no baby . 
 i plugged my hairdryer into the socket below a lighthouse nightlight , and dried my tresses while my mind tumbled . 
 being alone was the hardest part . 
 there was just no one to talk over my problems with . 
 i suppose alanna would listen to every word i had to say , with an open , silent heart and comforting , cool arms . 
 but conversing with alanna probably meant conversing with halina , and while things between us were n't quite as strained , she was n't exactly someone i wanted to confess fears with . 
 tracey was definitely out . 
 she 'd never want to be in my line of sight again if she knew the truth about teren . 
 she 'd probably never want to be in california again . 
 she 'd snatch up hot ben , and they 'd go to arizona or something . 
 somewhere far more sunny and vamp-deterrent , than here . 
 churning over my options , i threw on a pencil skirt and a long-sleeved blouse ; teren 's latest nibble had been on the crook of my arm , while said arm was wrapped around my back . 
 yeah , do n't ask . 
 i debated talking with ashley . 
 true , she did know teren 's secret ... sort of . 
 she knew he was a human-vampire mix . 
 she knew he had fangs and occasionally liked to puncture my skin . 
 she did not know he was dying . 
 sitting on the edge of my bed , i slipped on my shoes and considered her reaction . 
 she would probably take it better than i had . 
 i was still a touch embarrassed over my emotional blowup the night teren had reluctantly told me he had months to live . 
 as i was wondering how to tell my sister , i realized just how difficult that must have been for him . 
 i did n't know how ashley would react , but i knew she 'd love me no matter what . 
 our relationship had been so new back then that teren would have had no clue if i was going to walk away or not . 
 and i almost had . 
 i could see now that he had been right in trying to shield me from the truth of his condition . 
 as much as i hated to admit it ... if he 'd told me any earlier , i would have bolted . 
 i had to love the man first , before i could accept the truths that came along with loving that man . 
 finished dressing , i walked into the hallway and tossed a quick glance at the main bedroom that was now set up as a guest room . 
 the bed still had grandma 's lacy quilt on top of it and the room still lightly smelled of roses , a smell that had seemed to permeate grandma . 
 sometimes ashley slept there , when she stayed over on nights she was too tired to go back to her place with mom , but mostly the room was empty , the door closed . 
 heading downstairs , i carefully watched my high heels traverse the narrow steps , and wondered if my rose-smelling , lighthouse-loving grandma , would have accepted my situation . 
 i smiled at the thought . 
 she probably would have . 
 mom was constantly telling me that i was just like her . 
 another monday morning found me facing the exact same crowd of dreary worker bees who 'd rather be redoing sunday-going to a barbecue , drinking beers on a boat in the bay , and as one guy i passed in the halls was saying , enjoying an `` afternoon delight . '' 
 everyone wanted to be gone , except for clarice . 
 she was waiting for me at my little square office , with a stack of papers in her hand . 
 her bun looked exceptionally tight this morning and her face looked exceptionally displeased . 
 i discretely checked my watch , but i was n't late . 
 i had two minutes to spare . 
 `` here , '' she muttered , handing me the stack before i could even set my purse down . 
 `` i need all of these copied within the hour . '' 
 i looked at the six-inch stack in my hands and mentally sighed . 
 sometimes i thought i was crazy working here . 
 i could be on a ranch , wiping cow poop off my boot . 
 right now , that sounded like so much more fun . 
 `` no problem , clarice . '' 
 i did n't ask about her weekend and she did n't ask about mine . 
 we both knew that neither one of us really cared . 
 just straight to work-all professionalism here . 
 that professionalism faded the minute clarice waddled back to her desk and tracey poked her head up at me . 
 her face was all romantic bliss , like she 'd gone to sleep being lullabyed by the london philharmonic orchestra , and awoken in a sea of rose petals . 
 it occurred to me , that i really had no idea how romantic hot ben was , and that might have indeed been her night . 
 although , i doubt he 'd be able to get the actual london philharmonic orchestra . 
 san francisco high , maybe . 
 `` hey , em , did you and teren have a good time ? '' 
 before i could answer , she added , `` god , that was great . 
 i love camping . '' 
 her smile got even wider and she bit her lip . 
 `` i ca n't wait to go again . '' 
 i inwardly laughed at her delighted face . 
 i knew exactly what part she was thinking about . 
 i knew she 'd get over that rock thing . 
 not entirely enjoying my memories of the past few days , i smiled my best , fake smile . 
 `` yeah , we had a great time , trace . 
 we 're in next time , for sure . '' 
 she giggled , then ducked back down to her office . 
 i 'm pretty sure she 'd be drawing hearts around ben 's name today . 
 for someone who 'd resisted falling , once she had , she fell hard . 
 a sudden wave of sadness hit me , as i thought that that might have been our last camping trip with ben and tracey . 
 it was getting late in the season to go , and teren 's birthday was in a couple of months . 
 by next spring , he 'd be a bloodsucking corpse . 
 how exactly would we explain him not eating for days at a time ? 
 and what would he eat ? 
 well , at least tracey and i would n't have to worry about bears anymore ... the rest of my work day trudged by with a slowness that matched my moody heart . 
 by a quarter to five , i decided that i needed to speak to another human being about this , or the stress was going to eat a hole through my stomach . 
 i rang my sister and asked her to come over to my place ... without mom . 
 she understood that that meant i wanted to talk about teren and his `` condition '' . 
 solemnly , she said she would . 
 tracey pouted at me when i told her i would n't be in kickboxing tonight , and teren asked me if everything was okay when i told him i was n't coming over later . 
 i assured him i was just meeting with my sister . 
 with a sad , i 'll miss you sigh , he told me to tell her hello and that he 'd see her tomorrow night at dinner with my family . 
 after telling him i loved him , i hopped into my yellow bug and drove home to wait for ashley to come over . 
 i still was n't entirely sure what to say , or entirely sure how she 'd take it . 
 about an hour later , i heard a light knock on the door and let ashley in . 
 she smiled at me through her disfigured lips and i hugged her . 
 she had curled the long , brown locks on the side of her head that still had hair , and it attractively framed her face . 
 i touched a springy strand . 
 `` you 're beautiful , '' i told her . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 she smiled politely as she glanced over my full head of wavy hair . 
 as it sometimes did when i was around her , a tidal wave of guilt assaulted me . 
 it was n't as if i could have done anything for her the night of the fire , it had started in her room and dad had barely gotten her out , but i 'd played the `` what if '' game in my head until my cheeks were drenched in tears . 
 i tried to fight back that feeling , as i led her to the living room . 
 ashley did n't like pity , and she chose to live without regrets . 
 i struggled daily to be the woman my sister was . 
 we sat on my two-person sofa , and i stared at the green walls of my living room . 
 i 'd painted the room last year in a tranquil shade of sage green that i 'd picked out . 
 it was only when the room was firmly coated in three layers of that relaxing green , that i 'd noticed that the color on the walls did n't quite match the version in my head . 
 it was more of an `` i 'm about to be sick '' green . 
 i hated painting though , and had refused to redo it , so i 'd brought in cream curtains and a really beautiful antique coffee table , to try and distract from the walls . 
 that queasy green color was sort of matching my insides right now , and i was a little irritated with my painting laziness . 
 `` are you okay , emma ? 
 you look a little ill ? '' 
 my sister put a hand on my leg and i looked back at her and tried to smile . 
 i was n't sure if i succeeded . 
 her next comment made me think i had n't . 
 `` did you and teren break up again ? '' 
 her eyes looked really disappointed at that prospect , which made me believe that she might handle this better than i thought . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no , we 're fine . 
 he says hi , and he 's looking forward to seeing you and mom tomorrow . '' 
 ashley relaxed back into the sofa and smiled . 
 she really did like him ... maybe she 'd be okay with liking a dead man ? 
 `` what did you need to talk about , then ? 
 it sounded pretty urgent . '' 
 i sat back in the sofa as well , regarding her for a moment . 
 her half brows were scrunched together as she went through a list of options in her head , as to what might be going on . 
 i was pretty sure she was n't anywhere near the truth . 
 finally , i spoke softly to her , `` do you remember when i told you that teren only had so long to have children ? '' 
 her face scrunched as far as the scars allowed , as she thought about that . 
 `` you said he 'd be sterile soon . '' 
 her face brightened momentarily . 
 `` are you pregnant ? '' 
 i reflexively put a hand over my stomach and swallowed back the sudden tears . 
 `` no ... not yet . '' 
 she shook her head , still looking confused . 
 taking a deep breath , i continued . 
 `` teren is ... '' i racked my brain for another way to say it ... a less harsh way . 
 i did n't come up with one and spilled it to her , the same way he spilled it to me . 
 `` he 's dying . '' 
 her hand flew to her mouth and her eyes instantly watered . 
 i cringed that she was having the same `` permanent dead '' thoughts that i 'd had . 
 as she started to respond to me , i quickly added , `` just the human side of him . 
 he 'll still be a vampire . 
 he 'll still be walking around , and talking and joining us for meals . 
 he just wo n't be breathing or have a heartbeat or ... actually be eating with us . '' 
 her eyes widened as far as they could and her hand dropped to her lap . 
 `` you 're gon na date a vampire . '' 
 i grinned at her . 
 `` i am dating a vampire , ash . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` not really ... i mean , he drinks cappuccinos . '' 
 i started laughing uncontrollably as my fear mixed with my remembered amusement . 
 i 'd said that exact same thing to him once . 
 confused but entertained by me , ashley started laughing as well . 
 i was wiping tears from my eyes before i finally came down from my mini-high . 
 she 'd stopped laughing first and was giving me a very serious look . 
 `` so ... he ca n't have children , because he 'll be dead ? '' 
 i nodded and she sighed and hugged me . 
 i melted into that embrace and savored someone finally comforting me for what dating a vampire had thrust onto my life . 
 i knew the changes were happening to him ... but sometimes , i just needed someone to hug me , and say that everything was going to be okay . 
 ashley patted my back and did just that . 
 tears of sadness started to form , as the next thing i had to tell her took me over . 
 they spilled down my cheeks as ashley pulled away from me . 
 she wiped off a few drops as i brokenly told her , `` he 's leaving , ash . '' 
 her eyes watered as she whispered , `` what ? '' 
 i shook my head , irritated at my own dramatics , and explained . 
 `` it 's not safe for him to be around people when he changes , so he 's going to go live at his parents ' ranch for a month or so . '' 
 more tears slid down my cheeks , as more dramatics slid from my mouth , `` i 'm going to miss him so much . '' 
 she ran a hand down my shoulder . 
 `` but a baby ... '' she let her thought trail off and , annoyed at the way i was explaining this , i angrily brushed away my tears . 
 `` i 'm just being an overly dramatic girl , '' i muttered . 
 her face twisted into confusion again . 
 i let out a slow , even breath , trying to rein in my emotions before i continued . 
 `` i 'm going to visit him at the ranch every night . 
 i 'll still see him and we 're still going to try . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` i 'm just being emotional . '' 
 she put her arm around my shoulder and pulled me tight . 
 `` you have a lot on your plate . 
 you 're allowed . '' 
 i relaxed into her side and relished the comfort of her closeness . 
 she continued in a whisper , `` what do you mean , it 's not safe for him to be here ? '' 
 i cringed and closed my eyes before responding to her . 
 she probably was n't going to like this . 
 `` he would most likely kill someone , if he was too close to a human after the change . '' 
 her hand dropped off my shoulder and she scooted away to look at me . 
 `` what ? '' 
 her tone had dropped a full octave , as what i 'd said flooded her thoughts . 
 i knew she liked teren but , well , even i had difficulty with this part of it . 
 i reached for her arm to try and mollify her . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 he wo n't hurt anyone . 
 it 's just a greater risk if he stays . '' 
 her eyes were huge with panic now . 
 `` emma ... you should n't be around him . '' 
 her gaze crisscrossed over my body , and i was really grateful that she could n't see his latest feeding frenzy . 
 `` you should n't let him bite you . '' 
 she backed away from me and i scooted closer to her . 
 `` he wo n't hurt me , ash , i 'm safe . '' 
 wow , in trying to reassure my sister , i was suddenly starting to sound exactly like teren . 
 maybe if we both repeated that phrase often enough , it might actually start sounding true . 
 ashley stood up and put her hands on her hips . 
 the brown hair that beautifully framed her face , was now framing an irritated face . 
 my sister normally kept her cool , but we were sisters , and at times her temper could be a match for mine . 
 it must be genetic . 
 `` let me try and understand what you 're saying . '' 
 she put a hand to her forehead like she suddenly had a headache . 
 `` he is about to die ... '' she looked at me intently . 
 `` like what ? 
 have a heart attack or something ? '' 
 i nodded at her correct guess . 
 she started to walk back and forth in front of the couch . 
 pacing must also be genetic . 
 `` okay , so he 's going to have a heart attack and he is n't going to make it . 
 his heart will give out and what makes him like us will die . '' 
 she looked over at me for confirmation and i nodded again , wisely keeping my mouth shut while she processed her thoughts . 
 `` then , when he 's all cold and heartbeatless and ... dead ... '' she stopped walking and stared at me blankly . 
 `` he 's going to rise from the grave and start ripping the throats out of innocent san franciscans ? '' 
 i frowned at her harsh portrait . 
 `` no ... '' i looked away as i considered what about that was n't true . 
 unfortunately , there was really only one part . 
 `` he would n't make it to a grave . 
 we think he 'll change over within an hour . '' 
 i returned my eyes to her re-startled face . 
 `` maybe less . '' 
 she fell back down onto the sofa with me . 
 `` oh my god , emma ... oh my god . '' 
 i patted her knee in reassurance , both hers and mine . 
 `` we 've fixed this . 
 i 've finally convinced him that i ca n't get him to the ranch in time , and so he 's going to spend the last couple months of his life there ... around lots and lots of yummy cattle . '' 
 her expression shifted from shock to irritation . 
 `` he wanted you to take him there ? '' 
 oops . 
 perhaps i should n't have mentioned his crazy plan , since we had a new one in place . 
 i swallowed and answered slowly , `` yes ... but ... '' she cut me off as her voice heated . 
 `` he wanted you to drive him there ? 
 he wanted you to be alone in the car with him , when he woke up all crazed and starving ? '' 
 her face was definitely red now . 
 she abruptly stood and made for the door . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 i asked , confused . 
 with her hand on the knob , she looked back at me and indicated through the door to the outside . 
 `` i 'm going over to his house ... so i can stake him . '' 
 i twisted my lips at her . 
 yeah , definitely should n't have mentioned that part . 
 her anger was practically swirling in the air now . 
 `` would you stop it , and come here and sit back down . '' 
 she huffed for a minute and i really thought she was going to leave . 
 i patted the seat beside me and , very grudgingly , she removed her hand from the door and returned to my side . 
 crossing her scarred arms over her chest , she let out a heavy sigh . 
 i patted her knee again . 
 `` he thought he had more time , ash . 
 he thought he 'd be out of it for hours , and i could get him there and get away , with plenty of time to spare . '' 
 i looked back at the front door and pictured my vampire , all alone at his house , possibly wondering if we were still okay . 
 my lips curled into a smile as i realized that we were okay . 
 everything was going to be fine . 
 `` we thought he had more time . '' 
 i looked back at her , the smile still on my lips . 
 `` but we see now , that he does n't have that kind of time so we 're fixing the problem . 
 everything will be fine , ashley . '' 
 i ran a hand down her hair and she relaxed as she looked at me . 
 i could see in her face that her momentary anger had dwindled back down to the calm and reasoned ashley . 
 `` would he really be able to resist eating you after the change ? 
 can you still date him , that way ? '' 
 i smiled and nodded . 
 `` it will only be bad when he first wakes up ... then he 'll be fine . 
 then he 'll be my teren again . '' 
 my voice was calm and soft and free of any trouble , like my body suddenly felt . 
 ashley was still unsure . 
 `` why when he wakes up ? 
 should n't he be less inclined to ... to ... eat people , after such an ordeal ? '' 
 i smiled and told her my biggest fear , aside from him killing me , of course . 
 `` his body will be starving ... beyond starving , i 'd say . '' 
 i put a hand on her knee and rubbed it a little ; the scarring on her knee cap was apparent , even through the fabric of her khaki slacks . 
 `` if he does n't eat right away ... he will die ... permanently . '' 
 ashley stared at me with a stunned expression . 
 i looked over her face and smiled at my own remembered expression . 
 shocked into speechlessness was probably a better way to handle the news than yelling at the potential in-laws . 
 finally , tears filled her eyes and spilled down her cheeks . 
 she gave me a fierce hug . 
 `` i 'm sorry , emma ... i did n't know . '' 
 i hugged her back , no longer needing the comfort , but greatly appreciating the sentiment . 
 `` i know , ash . 
 nobody knows . '' 
 she pulled back and another tear followed the first . 
 she put a hand to my dry cheek . 
 `` you must be so lonely ... dealing with all this by yourself . '' 
 i swallowed and shook my head . 
 `` well , i 'm not anymore . 
 i have you . '' 
 she let out a small laugh and held me again . 
 i closed my eyes and breathed out a long exhale . 
 fear was so much easier to digest , when you did n't have to do it alone . 
 it felt so good to share . 
 we conversed about more mundane topics for the rest of the evening . 
 before leaving for the night , she gave me a swift hug at the door and told me i could call her anytime if i needed to talk about it ... and to tell her when it did happen . 
 with moist eyes , i told her i would , and that i 'd see her tomorrow for dinner with mom . 
 as i watched her stumble a bit on the steps down to my driveway , i thought again about teren changing her ... and dismissed it . 
 he was right , she was happy . 
 maybe someday she would bring the topic up to teren , if it occurred to her , but it was n't my decision to make for her . 
 i was n't the one that had to live her life . 
 and she was living it , she was doing just fine . 
 tuesday morning , i awoke from a dream about teren changing in the middle of dinner tonight . 
 in the dream , the change had been nearly instantaneous and he 'd popped his fangs out after slumping at the table for a mere three seconds . 
 then he 'd viciously smiled at my mom and ripped her neck wide open . 
 blood had spurted everywhere , just like in some gory tarantino film . 
 he 'd been moving on to my sister , his face streaked with mom 's blood , when i 'd woken up , screaming . 
 i was pretty sure that was n't going to happen tonight , but the dream had been terrifying , and it only reaffirmed our decision of him spending the last part of his humanity away from other humans ... away from me . 
 with a heavy sigh , i got ready for my day . 
 later at work , seeing tracey 's happy , love-crazy face only deepened my sigh . 
 i should n't be jealous of her . 
 she had taken much longer than most to get to this stage . 
 but i was only human , and her carefree relationship was a little grating at the moment . 
 i was actually happy when clarice gave me an assignment that kept me down in the records room for most of the afternoon . 
 by quarter to six , i was in teren 's car , being driven to the cafe where my horrid dream had played out . 
 i considered telling teren about my dream , but when i glanced over at him and saw the tightness of his jaw , i reconsidered . 
 teren was n't looking forward to any of this , and he was probably having some bad dreams of his own . 
 no need to add mine into the mix . 
 i placed my hand on his knee and gave him a reassuring smile . 
 he looked over and gave me the softest , barest hint of a smile in return as he laid his fingers over mine . 
 i laced them together and his eyes drifted back to the road . 
 `` i told ashley you 'd be leaving soon , so it could come up tonight if she told mom anything . '' 
 i paused for a moment and then filled him in on the rest of that conversation . 
 `` i told her everything about you ... about what you 're about to go through . '' 
 he looked back at me with wider eyes . 
 `` oh , '' he whispered . 
 i felt him loosen our hands and i clutched him tighter . 
 `` we should talk about when you are leaving , teren . '' 
 he said nothing , just stared at the road as we sped towards my family . 
 `` will it be this weekend ? '' 
 my voice shook a little when i asked . 
 even though he needed to go , i was n't ready for him to leave . 
 noticing my tone , teren glanced at me and stroked my finger with his thumb . 
 `` no , emma . '' 
 not liking that response , i stared at him as he pulled into the parking lot . 
 `` why not , teren ? 
 would n't sooner be better than later ? '' 
 he pulled into an empty space and shut the car off . 
 with a deep , calming breath , he turned to face me and i suddenly had the awful sensation that he was going to tell me he 'd changed his mind , that he was staying in san francisco . 
 his eyes searching my face , he quietly said , `` i have to finish up work , emma . 
 i ca n't just disappear for a couple months . '' 
 he looked down at the console between us and stroked my fingers again . 
 `` i 'll give them two weeks and then i 'll take a sabbatical . 
 i should be able to finish up a couple articles by then , '' he muttered . 
 not being able to take the sadness etched on his face , i unlaced our hands and cupped his cheek . 
 his expression turned morose . 
 `` come with me , emma , '' he whispered into the stillness of the car . 
 i blinked and my brows drew down in confusion . 
 `` i am going to come with you , teren . 
 i 'll help you get settled and visit - '' he cupped my cheek now , cutting me off . 
 `` no , stay out there with me ... stay with me . '' 
 there was such a deep longing in his voice that i closed my eyes for a second . 
 i opened them when i felt his lips brush against mine . 
 he pulled back from our brief kiss with pale eyes full of need . 
 `` please , '' he whispered . 
 `` but ... my job ... '' that really was n't my argument . 
 i just could n't speak the real one yet . 
 `` you never take your vacation time ... you 've got a lot saved up . 
 take that . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` or just quit . 
 you hate that job anyway . '' 
 i pursed my lips . 
 i did n't hate the job ... certain aspects and dumpy bosses maybe , but the job , no . 
 `` i do n't know , teren ... '' his hand on my cheek started caressing my face , as his eyes roamed over my features . 
 `` i need you there , emma . 
 i 'm ... i 'm so ... '' his voice trailed off , as his anxiety choked off his speech . 
 i put my hand over his and leaned into his touch . 
 `` i know , teren . 
 i know , baby , '' i whispered . 
 `` then stay ? '' 
 i paused for a long time . 
 i knew mom and ashley were already waiting for us , we 'd parked right beside mom 's car , and i knew that teren was anxious about my answer , his eyes were flitting all over me , trying to gauge what i was feeling , but i did n't really want to speak my true fear out loud . 
 i knew i had to though . 
 `` what if you kill me at the ranch ? '' 
 i barely spoke the words and they warbled as they came out . 
 immediately his other hand cupped my cheek and he held my face close to his . 
 his eyes glistened , as he answered me in a passionate voice , `` i 'm incapable of hurting you , emma . '' 
 a tear dripped down his cheek . 
 `` i will not do it . '' 
 he shook his head and then leaned in to kiss me . 
 he pressed against me fiercely , like he was willing my lips to believe him . 
 i wanted to , but instinct was a powerful thing to fight against . 
 especially live or die instinct . 
 `` teren ... '' i tried again , when he pulled away and rested our heads together . 
 he cut me off with a sad sigh . 
 `` i 'll send you away , emma . '' 
 i blinked again and moved away from his face to look at him . 
 his eyes were still brimming . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` after i die , i 'll have dad drive you far away from me . '' 
 he sadly shook his head . 
 `` you may not have time to get me there safely , but i will have time to get you away safely . '' 
 `` but your mom made it sound like ... she sent your father away before ... '' i let my voice trail off , as i remembered his mother 's concerned voice when she 'd told me about her conversion . 
 he let out a soft sigh . 
 `` my mother is a bit overprotective . 
 have n't you noticed that ? '' 
 i smiled as i considered that she was . 
 teren did n't smile with me . 
 he continued in a voice heavy with emotion , `` i need you there , emma . 
 i need to be with you every second before ... this happens . '' 
 another tear dropped down his cheek and i brushed it away with my finger . 
 `` i need you to be there when i die . '' 
 my voice caught in my throat as i gazed at him . 
 i could feel my eyes getting thick with tears of my own , and teren 's face started to get hazier as the moisture filled and obscured my vision . 
 in a hoarse voice , he finished his death bed wish , `` i need your face to be the last thing my human eyes see . '' 
 my tears spilled over and i began to sob as he clutched me to his shoulder . 
 ashley did n't mention anything at dinner , when we were finally both put together enough to enter that damn cafe , but she eyed teren throughout the meal with a mixed expression of sadness and wariness on her face . 
 i thought maybe i should n't mention our new , new plan , until it was time to act on it . 
 no point in worrying her needlessly . 
 there was no way i was staying away from the ranch now though . 
 there is just no possible way to turn down your boyfriend when he asks to stare into your eyes as the lights fade from his . 
 i really did n't want to see it , i was sure the image would haunt me my entire life ... but i could n't deny him . 
 at this point , i did n't think there was much i could deny him . 
 mom did n't seem to notice the melancholy at the table , and stoked our conversation with witty tales of her girlfriends and her neighbor 's yappy dogs . 
 i watched her features as she spoke and laughed , wishing for just a moment that i could clue her in on my real situation . 
 then i looked over at ashley and saw the faint tightness around her eyes and the forced angle of her smile , and thought better of it . 
 sharing my stress with another family member would just be selfish . 
 mom would gain nothing at all for knowing it . 
 she would only be terrified for her daughter 's safety , if she did know . 
 maybe someday , when all of this was over , i 'd tell the warm , slightly pudgy woman across from me about the otherworldliness of my boyfriend . 
 but not today . 
 we wrapped up dinner with ice cream and discussions about ashley 's new schedule for another year at school . 
 her eyes lit up when she talked about her classes , and a genuine smile spread on her face when she talked about visiting the hospital where she hoped to work . 
 she had her own life planned , her own future mapped out and , much like teren , she was determined to see it through on her own terms . 
 i loved them both just a little more for their fierce independent streaks . 
 we kissed mom and ashley goodbye . 
 teren pulled ashley aside and whispered something in her ear . 
 she glanced over at me while they talked and then she closed her eyes and nodded , hugging him tight . 
 they held each other a few moments longer than standard protocol , and i distracted my mom with small talk , so she would n't notice and ask what was going on . 
 as mom and ashley got in mom 's car and pulled away , i asked teren what he 'd said to her . 
 he looked at me , the glow of the parking lot lights highlighting the tiredness of his eyes , and softly said , `` i told her that i 'd never hurt you . 
 that i 'd do anything to protect you , and she did n't need to worry . '' 
 he gave me a soft smile and i grabbed his hand . 
 `` come home with me . '' 
 he nodded and we went over to his car , to start our short journey to my home ... before our long one , to his family 's . 
 <br/> i smiled inwardly at the return of `` professional '' clarice . 
 `` sure ... no problem . '' 
 well , the leaving date would be easy-two weeks from friday was what teren was giving his work , but the coming back date ? 
 i 'd just have to pick a date as far out as i could and hope for the best . 
 clarice compressed her lips as she regarded me . 
 `` you could have given us longer than two weeks to prepare . '' 
 i cringed an appropriate amount . 
 `` sorry ... it was sort of an emergency that popped up at the last minute . 
 thank you for understanding , '' i threw in , as she looked about to protest . 
 she swallowed her complaint . 
 flicking my stack of papers with her finger , she pointedly said , `` by noon . 
 i do n't want you slacking off because you 're leaving soon . '' 
 i stifled a sigh . 
 `` no problem , clarice . '' 
 she waddled across the aisle to her spacious desk in front of mr. peterson 's office , and i turned to set down my stack of urgent papers and my starting-to-get-heavy purse . 
 i 'd barely shoved the purse in my drawer before tracey 's blonde head popped up over the wall . 
 `` you 're leaving ? '' 
 her eyes scrunched in a mixture of annoyance and concern . 
 a soft sigh escaped me as i looked over my sad-faced friend . 
 when i got back , things would probably be different in our friendship . 
 not that she and i would n't still talk nearly every day , have lunch every so often , take kickboxing together , and maybe even occasionally take ashley out for a drink ... but the double dating aspect of our relationship would change . 
 what we could all do together as a foursome would change , and how close tracey and ben could get to teren would change . 
 to lessen the risk of exposure for teren , there would just be a lot more ... carefulness when we were all together again . 
 the breezy casualness of our group outings would be gone . 
 i 'd miss that . 
 smiling sadly , i answered her question , `` teren 's dad is sick , and teren needs to take some time off , to work at the ranch , until he gets better . 
 i 'm going as well ... to help out . '' 
 teren and i had talked about what to tell people last night . 
 this was what he was telling his boss and coworkers ... it would work for mine as well . 
 tracey 's face fell in sympathy . 
 `` oh ... is he going to be okay ? '' 
 i knew she meant teren 's dad , but teren 's jet-black hair , pale blue eyes and lightly stubbled face leapt into my head , and i had to swallow to force back the sudden tears . 
 `` he 'll be fine , trace . '' 
 she nodded and , accepting my lie , reached out over her wall to pat my shoulder . 
 i tapped her arm in thanks , and she ducked her head back down to continue on with her day . 
 i got to work on my papers , forcing my mind to completely shut off . 
 i spent every waking moment that i could with teren as we prepared to leave . 
 there were several more conversations that we had to have . 
 the first , and easiest , perhaps , was calling his parents . 
 he waited until friday evening to do it . 
 at his reluctance to pick up the receiver , i wondered if his stubborn pride would even let him make this phone call . 
 as he blankly stared at the thing , i considered punching in the numbers for him . 
 looking at me , and perhaps noticing my expression , he sighed and finally dialed his family home . 
 `` hi , dad , '' he said when the line picked up . 
 he leaned back against the kitchen counter , tucking a hand into his pocket . 
 walking over to him , i untucked his hand and slung his arm around my waist . 
 teren smiled and kissed my head as he listened to his dad talk to him for a few long seconds . 
 during a break in the conversation he muttered , `` will you tell mom that i 'm coming home ... to stay . '' 
 he said it very quietly , and i wondered if his dad 's normal human ear even registered the sound . 
 teren straightened a bit and his eyes unfocused as he listened to a voice on the other end . 
 rolling his eyes , he shook his head . 
 `` mom ... put dad back on . '' 
 as he closed his eyes , i smiled at his mom 's enthusiasm . 
 `` please stop crying . 
 i 'm fine ... emma 's fine ... you win . '' 
 he opened his eyes and sighed . 
 `` i know , mom . 
 i know it was never a contest . '' 
 smiling softly , he started rubbing circles into my back . 
 i ran a hand up his chest and our eyes locked as he spoke with his mother . 
 `` she 's coming too . 
 i want her there . '' 
 his tone was final . 
 it clearly said there will be no debate on this . 
 i smiled and kissed his jaw . 
 his mom apparently gave no argument , for the next thing he said was , `` wagyu ... really ? 
 well ... thank you . '' 
 his lips lifted to a genuine smile and i wondered what they were talking about . 
 his fingers ran through my hair as he smiled down on me , still listening to his mother talk in his ear . 
 for a moment , i wished i had his uncanny hearing , so i could be privy to their conversation . 
 `` i 'll be coming up in two weeks . '' 
 he frowned into the phone and stopped stroking my hair . 
 `` it was the best i could do , mom . '' 
 he paused as he listened . 
 `` i have a job ... a life that needed some loose ends tied up ... '' he scowled . 
 `` mom ... '' his tone was getting irritated and i cleared my throat in warning to the both of them . 
 teren paused , smiled and then laughed . 
 `` yes ... she does do that . '' 
 he grinned with a crooked smile , and again , i wondered what they were talking about . 
 `` okay ... i love you too , mom . 
 give my best to dad and the others . 
 bye . '' 
 he hung up the phone and slung both arms around my waist . 
 i waited for an explanation on the many pauses , but all i got was a warm set of lips on my neck . 
 `` so ... '' i began , struggling to remember the bits and pieces i 'd heard , while teren 's soft lips traveled up my skin . 
 `` so ... '' he huskily repeated in my ear . 
 i resisted the urge to press my body against his and run my hands through his hair . 
 when i pulled back to look at him , his eyes danced with playfulness . 
 `` what did they say ? '' 
 his hands lowered to firmly cup my backside and he pulled me tight against him . 
 `` do you really want to talk about this now ? '' 
 i ignored how incredibly nice that felt , and pushed back on his chest to separate us . 
 `` wa ... gyu ? '' 
 i said , stumbling a bit over the odd word . 
 he laughed and relaxed his hold on me . 
 `` a couple months ago , they ordered me some cows , just in case i changed my mind about the ranch . '' 
 he ran a finger through the hair by my ear as he shook his head . 
 `` kind of an incentive . 
 they 're arriving next week . '' 
 shrugging , he finished with , `` it 's actually pretty nice of my parents . 
 wagyu cattle are the best around . '' 
 my face scrunched in confusion . 
 was i missing something obvious ? 
 he laughed as he looked at my bewilderment . 
 ignoring his amusement , i asked , `` are they raising these wagyu now ? 
 do they expect you to stay and work there ? '' 
 he tilted his head as he broke into a wide smile and a laugh . 
 `` they 're congratulations cows . '' 
 i shook my head , still not getting it . 
 `` emma ... '' he brought his two fore fingers to his mouth and held them in front of his lips like fangs . 
 `` congratulations . 
 here 's your cow ... cheers . '' 
 i shut my eyes and shook my head . 
 oh ... duh , right . 
 i reopened my eyes and raised an eyebrow as i regarded him . 
 `` you and the girls are n't going to go hunting or something , for your first day as a dead vampire ? '' 
 he grimaced . 
 `` i hate hunting . 
 fishing i like , but hunting ... '' he shook his head , `` no thanks . '' 
 i smiled at my very unvampire-like vampire . 
 `` you are such a disappointment , '' i muttered , kissing him . 
 laughing , he grabbed me tight . 
 i tried not to gasp , but it came out anyway . 
 `` i bet i could change your mind , '' he growled . 
 i bet he could . 
 not giving in to his very clear desire just yet , i pulled back . 
 `` why do n't you like hunting ? 
 is n't that some instinctual part of being a vampire ? '' 
 he cocked an eyebrow at me , as he smiled . 
 `` why do n't you like shoe shopping ? 
 is n't that an instinctual part of being a woman ? '' 
 i pursed my lips . 
 he was right ... about the hating it part . 
 there was nothing that irritated me more , than trying on pair after pair of they-just-look-funny-on-me shoes . 
 chuckling at the look on my face , he said , `` why would i want to run through the countryside like an idiot , when bessie will just stand there and let me drain her dry ? '' 
 i rolled my eyes as i gazed up at him . 
 `` you 're just ... you 're a metro-vampire . '' 
 his face contorted into an odd expression . 
 `` i 'm what ? '' 
 i put on my matter-of-fact face . 
 `` you 're a metro-vampire . 
 you drink espresso and drive a hybrid and work for a lifestyle magazine and dress better than any other man i know . '' 
 i playfully dug my finger into his chest . 
 `` you just do n't want to get your nails dirty , running through the woods after your dinner . '' 
 he gaped at me in mock shock , then he cocked his head to the side . 
 `` wait ... why are my nails getting dirty in your little scenario ? 
 am i falling down a lot after the change ? '' 
 i started to glare at him and was thinking about smacking his smartass , when his lips were suddenly on mine again . 
 when his tongue slid into my mouth , i stopped my pointless , flirty banter . 
 when his hands firmly found my ass again , i stopped stifling the groans i 'd wanted to make , and when he zipped me to his bedroom , he proved that his manliness , vampiric or otherwise , was never in question . 
 after a long couple days of phone calls-shutting off services , holding mail , paying bills in advance , all the mundane stuff you have to do before a long trip , we were back at our tuesday night dinner with my family , and we had to break the news to them . 
 it was n't as if i were going all that far away , but there really was no telling when teren 's change was going to happen , so i would n't be leaving the ranch for any reason . 
 and it would n't be safe for them to visit ... not until after . 
 teren and i sat down across from my mom and ashley , and right away i knew ashley knew something was up . 
 her brown eyes-eyes that were the exact same light shade as mine-burned with questions that she wanted to ask , but could n't in front of mom . 
 i 'd pull her aside later , but for now , she 'd have to buy the lie that we were about to spill to my mom . 
 mom seemed to notice the tension in the air as well . 
 she tucked some of her chin length hair behind her ears and eyed the two of us speculatively . 
 i looked at teren , hoping for a way to be honest with my mom , without having to tell her the truth . 
 that just was n't possible though . 
 mom broke the silence with , `` god , you 're pregnant , are n't you ? '' 
 my eyes snapped to hers , and teren started laughing nervously beside me . 
 i wanted to laugh with him , brush off her concerns , but i was n't pregnant yet and i really wished i was , so my eyes started to tear up . 
 teren stopped laughing when he noticed my eyes . 
 squeezing my hand , he leaned down and casually kissed my cheek . 
 after he did , he quickly whispered , `` there will be time . '' 
 i gave him a brief nod and forced the do n't be silly grin onto my face for my mother 's benefit . 
 `` no , mom , '' i exaggerated . 
 she sighed with relief , then her jovial face sparkled with playfulness . 
 `` are you getting married ? 
 do i finally get to plan a big wedding ? '' 
 her eyes , the same shade of brown as ashley 's and mine , glowed with the thought of planning the big day for her daughter . 
 i swallowed and forced back the tears . 
 i was n't even sure if that day could happen , not that teren had asked me yet . 
 but he would n't exactly be the champagne swilling , cake eating groom . 
 how would i explain that to her ? 
 teren leaned down and kissed my cheek again . 
 he did n't whisper anything that time and i slumped a little at him not taking that opportunity to ask me . 
 was he getting cold feet ? 
 the thought that my vampire , who actively tried to knock me up daily , would in a few months actually have cold feet , made me giggle with barely contained hysterics . 
 my mom watched my odd reaction and then started laughing herself . 
 teren and ashley joined in and we all had a moment of levity , for no apparent reason . 
 when the laughs died down , i muttered , `` no ... not yet , mom . '' 
 teren squeezed my hand on the word `` yet '' , and looking over at him , i noticed him winking at me . 
 hmmm ... maybe he did want that future for us ? 
 teren filled in the blanks on our big announcement , while i continued gazing at him . 
 `` my father has fallen ill and i need to be with him ... to help out on the ranch for a couple of months , until he 's better . '' 
 my mother 's expression turned sympathetic . 
 as she looked about to reply , teren cut her off with , `` emma is going to come out with me ... to help my step-mother . '' 
 mom 's face softened into a small smile as she gazed at me in approval . 
 my sister , however , gasped and tears sprang to her eyes . 
 she looked shocked and horrified , and about to loudly protest ... right in front of mom . 
 `` but ... emma ... ? '' 
 my mother looked over to her with thin lips . 
 teren looked about to say something , but i quickly beat him to it . 
 `` ash ... i need to go to the restroom , will you come with me ? '' 
 her mouth in a hard line , she nodded her half-haired head and stiffly stood from the table . 
 i rose from the edge and , locking my elbow with hers , quietly walked away . 
 ash was n't so quiet . 
 `` emma ... that 's nuts . 
 you ca n't be around him while he changes . 
 that 's ... that 's near suicide ! '' 
 she was whispering , but i shushed her anyway . 
 i looked back at teren ; he was flushing slightly as he tried to assure my mom that nothing was wrong . 
 he 'd clearly heard my sister say that and i 'm sure he was n't crazy about the comment . 
 ashley did n't say anything else and we shuffled into the bathroom in a sullen silence . 
 i checked under all the stall doors . 
 when i was positive we were alone , i turned back to her . 
 `` emma ... please , '' she started immediately . 
 i put my hands on her arms . 
 `` he asked me to be there when he died , ashley . 
 how could i possibly say no to that ? '' 
 examining my face , she opened and shut her mouth several times . 
 `` but ... emma ... ? '' 
 i ran a hand down her scarred face as her tears spilled over . 
 `` please do n't worry about me , ash . 
 his family will keep me safe . '' 
 she closed her eyes and started to cry in earnest . 
 i held her close and rubbed her back . 
 `` it will be okay , i promise . '' 
 i did n't mentally overlook the fact that the only assurance i could give her was a promise , and i knew from experience just how empty those promises can sound . 
 she held me back and cried a moment longer on my shoulder before pulling back to look at me . 
 i wiped some tears off her cheeks as she sniffled . 
 `` you 'll be careful ? '' 
 she asked hesitantly , like she did n't want to sound too approving of my plan , but she knew she had no choice-my mind was made up . 
 i held her face in both hands . 
 `` i will be the most careful human around a hungry vampire , that anyone has ever seen ... okay ? '' 
 pursing her lips , she shook her head , but then she nodded . 
 to ease her mind even more , i added , `` i wo n't be there for the actual change . 
 once his heart stops , his father will drive us safely away , until teren has had his fill of cattle . '' 
 she looked at me blankly , and then smacked my shoulder . 
 `` you could n't have led with that ! 
 geeze , emma ... i was picturing them tying you down next to him like some virgin sacrifice . '' 
 rubbing my shoulder , i rolled my eyes and we both started to giggle . 
 `` i 'm hardly a virgin , ashley . '' 
 she laughed harder and gave me a huge hug . 
 all was forgiven . 
 `` i love you , sis . '' 
 i held her back just as tight . 
 `` i love you too . 
 i 'll be fine ... okay ? '' 
 `` you better be , '' she muttered and i thought i heard her add , `` i 'll stake his ass , if you 're not . '' 
 cleaning up our sodden faces , we hugged one last time before exiting the bathroom to rejoin dinner . 
 teren and my mom were laughing over something as we calmly approached the table . 
 teren eyed me with a clear question in the slight arch of his brow . 
 too low for the others to hear , i muttered , `` she 's fine ... we 're fine . '' 
 he nodded once and flicked his eyes to ashley as she sat down . 
 meeting his gaze , ashley muttered something under her breath . 
 i did n't hear what she said , but teren 's eyes saddened as he flicked a quick glance to me . 
 he nodded briefly to ashley , before picking up his fork and resuming his meal , which had arrived while we 'd been in the bathroom , since the waitress , debby , knew perfectly well what we 'd order . 
 i glanced up at ashley across from me as she picked up her fork . 
 she gave me a small grin before shifting her focus to her meal . 
 my mother seemed oblivious to the silent conversations going on around her , but after wiping her mouth with a napkin , she did ask me if i was all right . 
 `` yes , i 'm great . 
 everything is great , '' i assured her . 
 she gave me an odd look for half a second , and then asked teren , `` what will you have to do on the ranch ? '' 
 i wondered if mom suspected something was going on , but was choosing to ignore it . 
 my mom would fight for me like a mother bear if the situation called for it , but teren and i were happy , and relatively healthy , so whatever was going on , obviously was n't dangerous in her eyes . 
 sometimes , living in ignorance is the easiest way to get through life ... especially when it comes to your loved ones . 
 after the meal , we hugged goodbye in the parking lot . 
 teren muttered something in ashley 's ear again , before helping her into the car . 
 once we were back in his vehicle , i asked , yet again , what he and my sister were chatting about . 
 with a half-smile , he told me , `` at the table , she threatened to kill me if anything happened to you . 
 i just told her that i would let her stake me , if anything happened to you . '' 
 i shook my head in disbelief at these people who loved me so fiercely . 
 the following week and a half were a blur . 
 i 'm sure the days happened . 
 they must have . 
 i was pretty sure time travel was n't possible . 
 of course , just a few months ago i 'd felt the same way about vampires . 
 but somewhere in the goodbye meals with my family , a final double date with tracey and hot ben , who was anxious for teren to return for more `` guy time '' , and arranging for spike to live with my mom and sister while we were gone , so we did n't tempt halina , days flew by . 
 tracey threw me a going away party on my last day , much to clarice 's dismay . 
 she brought me a bouquet of wild flowers and enough chocolate cupcakes for the entire staff , which i think finally made clarice okay with the whole distraction . 
 after handing me a cupcake with a lit sparkler on the top , tracey and i hugged for several long seconds . 
 we both had tears in our eyes as we pulled apart , and i already missed my vivacious friend . 
 after the mini bon voyage , i went home . 
 teren was already there in my drive , waiting for me so we could prepare for our trip . 
 i packed multiple bags of clothes and supplies for our `` vacation that was n't a vacation '' and then we added my stuff to teren 's few bags . 
 my addition loaded up his prius to near bursting . 
 teren wryly commented that his parents did own a washing machine , so i did n't need to pack half my closet . 
 i gave him a sour face for that . 
 over packing was a woman 's prerogative . 
 i 'd even refused his offer to do it for me again . 
 as good as he was at it , the selecting and folding of clothing calmed my mind and my nerves . 
 honestly , i think that 's why i seriously over packed . 
 stopping had caused my mind to drift to unpleasant things , so i 'd purposely avoided doing it . 
 and so , on a cloudless , blue , autumn saturday morning , after a peaceful night of holding each other until we fell into a deep sleep , my vampire and i headed out to his parents ' ranch , where he was slated to die within six weeks . 
 i cast a final glance back at my house as we pulled out of the driveway . 
 the early morning sunlight sparkled in the windows and the house almost looked like it was winking goodbye to me . 
 i smiled at the blue beauty with the old-fashioned white shutters and flower boxes , and a bright red door . 
 my grandmother 's house , that looked like a half-gallon carton of milk smashed in-between other half-gallon cartons of milk , each holding the other up for support . 
 i was going to miss it . 
 i silently wished the house well in my absence , and turned back to the road . 
 we were quiet as we drove along , passing by people walking their pets and older couples , holding hands as they went about their morning . 
 i watched a particularly cute , wrinkled couple and let out a soft sigh . 
 that would never be teren and i , but we would still have a great life together . 
 once we got through his death , of course . 
 hearing me sigh , teren stretched out his warm hand and placed it over mine on my knee . 
 i turned my palm and laced our fingers together . 
 he exhaled in a long , steady breath , like he was struggling with a nervous stomach . 
 he glanced over at me and tried to smile , but it quickly fell off his face . 
 feeling a jittery tension in the air , i tried to lighten the mood . 
 `` you know , you never did teach me any russian . '' 
 he looked over at me with a genuine smile on his lips . 
 mission accomplished . 
 `` i guess i did n't , did i ? '' 
 i raised an eyebrow and patiently waited for him to start . 
 he laughed , once he realized i wanted my first lesson right now . 
 with a smile still on his lips , he flicked a glance back to the empty stretch of road , leading to a main artery out of the city . 
 returning his eyes to me , he warmly said , `` ya tebya lyublyu . '' 
 i scrunched my brow and tried to repeat the odd sounding phrase . 
 `` ya tebya ... '' `` lyublyu , '' he said again , with a warm glow in his eyes that matched the one on his lips . 
 i tried again , saying the words as close as i could to english , so the strange pronunciation made sense to me . 
 `` ya teb-ya lou-blue . '' 
 he nodded , his smile proud . 
 feeling more confident , i spouted it out again , trying to match his authentic cadence . 
 he laughed a little and nodded again . 
 when his eyes turned back to the road as we hit the highway , leading us away from our homes , i wondered what i 'd said . 
 `` what did i say ? '' 
 i scanned his face as i asked him . 
 his eyes twinkled in the morning rays , but he did n't answer me . 
 that was n't a good sign . 
 i frowned . 
 `` teren ... what did you have me say ? '' 
 he started chuckling at my tone , but he still refused to answer me . 
 i exhaled a dramatic breath , `` oh god . 
 you made me say something dirty , did n't you ? '' 
 laughing in earnest , he looked over at me with adoration clear in his features . 
 shaking his head , he softly said , `` it means ' i love you ' . '' 
 i felt my cheeks heat as i started laughing with him . 
 squeezing our laced-together hands , i looked out the window at san francisco streaming by me . 
 darn romantic vampire . 
 as more and more of the city fell behind me , and romantic russian syllables danced in my head , i asked teren something that i 'd randomly thought one day , back when he 'd first told me what he was . 
 `` do you ever walk down the street and have a woman pass you and think-hmmm ... i 'd like a bite of that girl ? '' 
 i twisted my head to grin in his direction . 
 teren laughed at my odd question . 
 `` of course ... who does n't ? '' 
 he shrugged and continued laughing , all worry momentarily gone from his features , as i kept the mood in the car light . 
 i frowned playfully . 
 `` i 'm serious , teren . '' 
 he bit his lip to rein in his chuckles and looked back over the road . 
 `` well , if i see a pretty girl , who smells appealing , i may wonder for a second if her blood is a particularly good ... vintage . '' 
 he shrugged again . 
 `` but that 's about it . '' 
 i smiled as i thought about my next question . 
 `` did you think that about me ? '' 
 he looked over at me with an open , loving , honest face and then responded suggestively with , `` why do you think i called you ? '' 
 my body felt red-hot all over . 
 his eyes lingered down my skin before turning back to the road . 
 his smile was that alluring half-grin that was so darn sexy . 
 my hand clutching his suddenly wanted to be running through his hair and across his strong shoulders . 
 i may have gotten carried away with my mood relaxing questions . 
 for a long time , i stared at him with open interest in my eyes , while he watched the road ; his grin never left him . 
 just as i was about to tell him to pull over somewhere , before we reached his parents ' place of super-hearing mood killers , he pulled the car over . 
 confused , and slightly alarmed that he maybe could read minds now , i looked around at where he 'd stopped . 
 we were quite a ways from the city now , away from the main highway and on a slower , less traveled road . 
 in fact , there were n't any cars coming or going on this dusty stretch of blacktop for as far as i could see . 
 but before i could get too excited over that prospect , the reason teren had pulled over became glaringly obvious . 
 on the side of the road was a small camper , the kind that looked like a fifth wheel trailer and a pickup truck had given birth to a truck/trailer hybrid . 
 this poor creation was suffering from some sort of vehicular malaise . 
 the engine hood was propped open , and someone was underneath it , examining the underbelly . 
 all we could see were a pair of denims dangerously protruding out onto the road . 
 if this street were busier , he 'd probably have gotten his ankles run over by now . 
 teren separated our hands and made to open his door . 
 `` what are you going to do ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he gave me a quick peck . 
 `` i 'm going to see if i can help . 
 i know a little bit about cars , working on my dad 's jeeps . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` and if all else fails , i can at least call him a tow truck . '' 
 i glanced at his cell phone sitting in the console , and then back up to him . 
 i raised an eyebrow in question . 
 `` are you just trying to delay us ? '' 
 teren rolled his eyes . 
 `` no ... i 'm trying to help someone . '' 
 he cracked his door and nodded his head in the direction of the incapacitated vehicle . 
 `` come with . 
 you can time me . '' 
 grinning , he opened his door and got out . 
 shaking my head at his clear attempt to set us back a few hours , and , honestly , i had come up with much better ways to delay us than him sweating all over a rusty engine block , i opened my door and stepped out into the cool breeze of this fine california morning . 
 crunching through the dirt along the side of the road , i joined teren at the front of his car and clasped hands with him . 
 together , we walked over to where the man was still buried underneath his vehicle . 
 we walked right up to the man 's shins and teren bent down a little to talk to him . 
 `` excuse me , sir ? 
 can i help you in any way ? '' 
 teren politely asked the set of legs that still had n't moved . 
 when no one responded , he again asked , `` sir ? '' 
 teren cocked his head and started to look up , like he 'd heard something . 
 that was when my feeble human ears heard something . 
 it was a faint metallic `` pop '' , like something under great pressure had been released . 
 that was the last thing that made sense to me , for a very long while . 
 a loud , scraping metal noise immediately followed the pop , like a crowbar being dragged behind a car flying down the freeway . 
 before i could even ascertain where the noise was coming from though , i was being lifted into the air by teren 's strong arms . 
 confused by the sudden movement , i clung to him with both hands . 
 just as i was about to ask him what he was doing , a sickening wet thud filled my ears , and we both started to fall over . 
 i landed heavily on his stomach , teren screamed in pain . 
 `` teren ... baby ... ? '' 
 hopelessly confused , i searched his agonized face while my hands ran over his chest . 
 scooting off to the side of him , my hands and eyes drifted over his body . 
 i began to worry that i 'd really hurt him when i 'd fallen on top of him . 
 i also wondered why my never clumsy boyfriend , had seemingly fallen over for no apparent reason . 
 that was when my hand got to his legs ... to what used to be strong , healthy , intact legs . 
 my fingers felt the wetness of his jeans and startled , i pulled those fingers to my face . 
 they were red-the deep , dark red of freshly exposed blood ; his jeans below his knees were quickly becoming saturated with it . 
 he jerked in pain when i accidentally touched his injuries , and he cried out in agony . 
 i wiped a shaking hand on my jeans and sat back so i did n't cause him anymore pain . 
 looking up at the vehicle , i saw a steel rod bar protruding out from under the frame of the camper . 
 it was close to the rear tire , at a ninety degree angle to the vehicle . 
 i could see a thick suspension coil attached to it and looking closer at the front tire , i saw the clip where the rod had once been secured to the vehicle . 
 that was when my brain started making connections . 
 the pop i 'd heard , was something or someone releasing the bolt that was holding back the rod . 
 with that clip released , the rod had flown back towards the rear tire , kinetic energy giving it strength and speed that no human would be fast enough to get away from . 
 but teren was n't entirely human . 
 he 'd heard the pop and calculated what it was . 
 he 'd had just enough time to scoop me above where the bar was sweeping around , but he had n't had time to scoop and run ; the bar had hit his legs full force , midway between his knees and his ankles , smashing his shins into a bloody , fractured mess . 
 it was in this daze of what the hell just happened ? 
 that i noticed that the pair of legs we 'd approached earlier were gone . 
 a hole dug under the vehicle would have provided a person more than enough room to hide and wait-wait in their trap . 
 a trap we 'd inadvertently sprung . 
 then a shadow blocked out the morning sun on one side of my face and i instinctively turned to look at it . 
 a grizzly man , wearing a green army jacket with a knife clipped to his belt , faced me . 
 `` morning , sweetheart , '' he calmly said , right before he brought his fist around to my temple and knocked me out cold . 
 <br/> the bouncy road jolted teren to alertness and he cried out in continual pain . 
 when the bumps became a rhythm that was n't stopping , he clamped his mouth shut and grabbed my hand . 
 he squeezed so tight i thought he might break me . 
 i 'd have let him . 
 i brushed back his hair from his now slick forehead and whispered what encouragement i could . 
 struggling to remain conscious , he closed his eyes and nodded . 
 eventually the jarring stopped . 
 eventually the sound of the tires crunching along a dirt path stopped . 
 eventually the camper stopped . 
 i 'm pretty sure that 's when my heart stopped , too . 
 teren opened his eyes and let out a sharp exhale of relief . 
 well , as much relief as he could possibly feel right now . 
 with glazed eyes he turned to look at me and , needing comfort as well as wanting to give it , i kissed him . 
 with tight lips , he returned my kiss . 
 abruptly the camper door swung open and surprised , we broke apart . 
 a large man , taller and wider than teren , with coarse , graying stubble that looked as hard and unwelcoming as the man 's personality must be , entered the vehicle that now felt tiny . 
 `` well , is n't that nice . 
 kissing your soon-to-be dead lover goodbye , huh ? 
 sweet . '' 
 his voice had a gravely edge to it that was as unpleasant as everything else about him . 
 a scar across his lower lip buckled the skin as he smiled . 
 `` it 'd be even sweeter , if he were n't a spawn of pure evil . '' 
 he stepped into the small kitchen area and i protectively placed myself in front of teren . 
 `` please , let us go . 
 we 're just - '' he took another step to stand right in front of me , and i noticed the wide open door behind him . 
 he crisply cut me off . 
 `` do n't even try and play innocent . '' 
 he pointed a dirty finger at teren , who weakly raised his head and looked up at him with defiance bravely etched on his face . 
 `` i know exactly what he is . '' 
 the man glared at me . 
 `` and you too ... vampire whore . '' 
 my mouth dropped . 
 i 'm not sure what shocked me more-him knowing that teren was a vampire , or him calling me a whore . 
 the scarred smile returned as he took in my shocked expression . 
 `` did n't think i knew what he was ? '' 
 `` what do you want with me ? '' 
 teren quietly asked through his tightly clenched jaw . 
 the man 's smile left him and his dark , close-set eyes narrowed as he looked down on teren , like he was nothing more than dirt the man had scraped off his shoe . 
 `` i want what god has commanded of me . 
 i want to destroy all of your kind . '' 
 his dark eyes flared with a zealot light . 
 `` i will end every abomination on this earth . '' 
 teren 's clenched jaw loosened in shock at hearing the man 's passionate words . 
 i started shivering , as i blocked as much of teren as i could . 
 `` he is not an abom - '' i did n't get a chance to finish my brilliant rebuttal . 
 the man reached out and fisted my hair with his massive palm . 
 he jerked my head away from teren and my body had no choice but to follow . 
 he tossed me and my prickling scalp into the bench seat at the rickety table . 
 his finger landed on my chest with a force that i 'm sure bruised me . 
 `` your opinion on the matter does n't interest me , whore . '' 
 he motioned back to teren . 
 he was biting his lip to stop himself from crying out in pain as he attempted to move his body , to help me in some small way . 
 `` your life became irrelevant the minute you let that feed off you . '' 
 he leaned in close and his musky odor sickened me . 
 his eyes flicked down my body . 
 `` and you let him inside you ... an unholy beast ... '' he spat on the floor next to the table . 
 `` you disgust me . '' 
 embarrassment and rage flashed through me . 
 `` right back at you , a ** hole ! '' 
 he smirked , then slapped me . 
 hard . 
 my head was suddenly facing the window and my ears were ringing . 
 my jaw felt disconnected from my body and i could feel a warm trickle from a line of blood trailing down my chin . 
 apparently , i 'd cut my lip on my teeth . 
 wonderful . 
 i 'd never been `` bitch-slapped '' before . 
 i found i did n't like it . 
 i wiped the blood off with the back of my hand and slowly swiveled my head at the sound of teren struggling and in pain . 
 i turned to see the man watching in amusement as teren unsuccessfully attempted to stand and defend me . 
 tears of pain were in his eyes as he tried to move his wrecked legs . 
 he was breathing heavy , and soft whimpers were escaping him . 
 his face paled to a sickening ashen color ; he looked like he was going to pass out again . 
 the man let out a cruel laugh . 
 `` no fun when you ca n't heal yet , is it ? '' 
 he leaned over teren and placed his hands on his knees . 
 `` that 's when you 're easiest to catch , you know . 
 when you 're still mostly human ... and weak . '' 
 `` i will rip your throat out , '' teren growled . 
 anger brightened his eyes and a deep snarl rose from his chest . 
 the man laughed again . 
 straightening , he kicked teren 's legs on the floor . 
 so much pain instantly filled teren 's face that he could n't even cry out . 
 his mouth dropped and he gasped as he struggled for air . 
 he seemed incapable of doing anything else . 
 eyes fluttering , his head dropped back on the chair . 
 `` teren ! '' 
 i started to rise , determined to help him somehow , when the man stuck his finger on my chest again . 
 `` stay , '' he commanded . 
 i froze , pure hatred in my eyes as i glared up at him . 
 he smirked as he looked down on me . 
 the scar on his lip made the move unnaturally menacing . 
 he regarded me with cold eyes . 
 `` do you love this evil thing ? '' 
 he nudged teren 's toe , making him cry out . 
 `` stop it , '' i snapped . 
 `` do you ? '' 
 he asked quietly . 
 a tear rolled down my cheek as i watched teren start to come back to consciousness . 
 `` yes , '' i whispered . 
 my eyes shot up to the man . 
 `` and he 's not evil . 
 he 's a good man . '' 
 laughing , the man leaned over me . 
 `` he 's not even truly human . 
 he 's not a man . '' 
 wanting him to back up , i did something i never thought i would do-i spat in his face . 
 the man did n't seem too shocked by the display , and calmly wiped his face with the sleeve of his army jacket . 
 straightening , he patted the knife on his belt . 
 i froze as i remembered that this man was dangerous ... and armed . 
 his rough voice dropped an octave . 
 `` here is what 's going to happen . '' 
 he pointed at me . 
 `` you are going to help me move this , '' he kicked teren 's legs , and i flinched as he cried out in pain , `` or i can do it all by myself . '' 
 his lips curled into a cruel smile . 
 i swallowed as i imagined just how gentle he 'd be with teren 's beaten body . 
 i gave him a stiff nod and the man motioned for me to stand . 
 warily , i stood beside the table . 
 my eyes never left the man 's hard face . 
 he bent down for teren and i glanced back at the open door . 
 freedom was staring me in the face . 
 i immediately ignored it , as teren gasped in pain . 
 the man had gathered his legs into his arms and was starting to lift him . 
 teren was struggling not to scream . 
 i was n't going anywhere without him . 
 `` what are you doing ? 
 let me take his legs ! '' 
 i yelled , as i ran around to teren 's shoulders . 
 i attempted to lift his upper body so he was more level . 
 the icy rush of adrenaline coursing through me made it possible , and i lifted teren securely , if not easily . 
 teren 's head dropped back to my shoulder , as he passed out again from the pain . 
 the man roughly lifted his legs as he smirked at me . 
 `` did you think i was going anywhere near his teeth ? 
 i 'm not stupid , sweetheart . '' 
 `` i disagree . 
 he 's gon na kill you , you know . '' 
 the man laughed and looked at teren 's limp form in our hands . 
 `` i doubt that ... but it would n't surprise me if he tried . '' 
 he looked back up to me . 
 `` he is evil , after all . '' 
 i bit back my angry retort as the man started to move backwards out of the camper . 
 teren groaned , and his head lolled side to side as we made our way down the couple of steps at the back of the vehicle . 
 i tried to be gentle with my half of teren , but the man could n't have cared less about his bloody half , and we jarred him with every step down . 
 teren came to briefly at the bottom . 
 he lifted his head off my shoulder and made a pained noise before dropping it down again . 
 i kissed his head and whispered that it would be okay , as i felt a couple of his tears hit my collarbone . 
 he was in so much pain ... i was so focused on keeping pace with the man holding teren 's legs , that i barely noticed the reddish-brown , dusty dirt under my feet . 
 i started to struggle with teren 's weight , as my momentary rush of strength started to ebb . 
 when my feet hit wooden steps , i looked up from where i 'd been intently studying the circular pattern on teren 's t-shirt . 
 we were at an old farmhouse that looked like it had been abandoned in the early nineteen hundreds . 
 the porch had missing floorboards , the front door was half off its hinges , and the windows were long gone . 
 they had been boarded over with faded planks of wood in an x pattern . 
 the man started up the steps , which looked about ready to cave inward , and i carefully followed him , trying to readjust my hold on teren without shaking him too badly . 
 we finally made it around the missing planks in the porch , and through the half-destroyed door , and entered a small room with a rat-infested couch . 
 i automatically started shifting to the couch , wanting to set teren down , but the man turned down a side hallway . 
 teren groaned as his body went in two different directions . 
 cursing , i adjusted my grip and followed the a ** hole who 'd abducted us . 
 he led us to a lone door in a rickety hallway . 
 the door had an iron bar padlocked across it . 
 the lock was open and the bar was raised-awaiting its prisoners . 
 he turned the doorknob after unceremoniously dropping one of teren 's legs . 
 teren screamed at that . 
 the man swung the door inward , exposing a pitch-black opening that seemed to devour all light that tried to touch it . 
 i did not want to follow him in there . 
 everything in my body wanted to run while the man was preoccupied with flipping on a light switch , exposing a steep set of stairs that surely led down into hell . 
 but i could n't run with teren , and there was no way i was running without him , so i gathered my courage and made the conscious decision to follow the man when he picked teren 's leg back up and started down the steps . 
 he carefully backed down the poorly constructed wooden staircase . 
 they were the kind of stairs that had large gaps between each step and no backing , so with every long drop you were just positive that a hand was going to reach out from behind and grab your ankles , making you fall and crash into the ground below . 
 but somehow we safely made it down those long steps , teren groaning with each one , and started walking through a cellar . 
 i hate cellars . 
 my aunt had one in her house and when i was four , i was accidentally locked inside it for a few hours . 
 she had an old furnace that groaned and whined periodically , and my child mind had transformed the noisy contraption into a monster that was searching me out to eat me . 
 now , at twenty-five , i was well aware that cellars were no different than any other room in a house ... but a lingering childhood fear remained with me all the same . 
 as we approached the far wall , i was already shaking with the prospect of being locked down here . 
 i struggled with gently lowering my half of teren 's body . 
 the man simply dumped teren 's legs to the ground . 
 teren cried out as i propped him against the dank stone wall of the dirt-floor room . 
 the air smelled rank-like mold and stale water . 
 i could hear animals scurrying in the dark corners that the single , bare bulb hanging from a chain in the center of the room did n't illuminate . 
 struggling with controlling my terror , i startled and screamed when the man touched me . 
 he grabbed my hand , and just as i started to fight him off with every fear-empowered cell in my body , i felt cool metal slap around my wrist and cinch tight with a resounding snap . 
 the man let go of me and confused , i followed the odd sound . 
 i was shocked to see that my wrist was now handcuffed to a wrought iron bar attached to the stone wall . 
 knowing it would do nothing , i reflexively pulled at my wrist . 
 the bar did n't budge . 
 panic welled in me ; now i was chained to the wall in this room that terrified me . 
 genuinely afraid , i grabbed teren 's hand . 
 as he started to come back around , he loosely held mine back . 
 he laid his head against the rough wall of the square coffin we were in , and tried to smile encouragingly at me , but his face was too full of fear and pain to successfully pull it off . 
 at least teren and i were in this together . 
 the man 's chuckling returned my attention to him . 
 he was smiling at the sight of teren and me huddled on the dirt floor before him , holding hands . 
 i tried to appeal to whatever humanity this man probably did n't have . 
 `` please , let us go . 
 he 's really hurt . 
 he needs to be in a hospital . '' 
 the man laughed once and spat on the ground . 
 `` he 'll be fine , once he changes . 
 at least , until i stake him , of course . '' 
 i squinted as i tried to absorb what he was saying . 
 `` what ? '' 
 the man squatted down to look me in the eye . 
 he reached out to touch my hair and i instinctively pulled away from him . 
 `` i do n't relish killing humans , but you ca n't be allowed to live , vamp lover . '' 
 he pointed with his thumb at teren . 
 `` i 'm going to let him finish you , and then i 'll finish him . '' 
 he brushed his hands off on each other . 
 `` all clean . '' 
 he smirked at me . 
 `` you can think of it as me getting justice on your murderer , if you like ? '' 
 my body went ice cold with the confirmation that he was planning on killing us ... and nefariously too . 
 `` teren would never hurt me . 
 your plan will fail . 
 he would never kill a human ! '' 
 i felt teren squeeze my hand a little tighter and i grasped his like a lifeline . 
 weakly teren muttered , `` she 's right . 
 i 'd never - '' the man brushed teren 's legs with his hands , making teren stop talking and cry out in pain . 
 `` stop it ! '' 
 i yelled at him . 
 he ignored my outburst and responded to my statement . 
 `` wo n't kill , huh ? '' 
 his dark eyes bored into mine . 
 `` not even after he changes ? 
 not even when he 's ... deathly hungry ? '' 
 teren sucked in a sharp breath and i felt the blood draining from my face . 
 that was the one time we were both a little unsure of . 
 i frantically pulled at the cuffs again as i looked over at teren . 
 that was when i realized he was n't restrained . 
 damn if my sister had n't been right-on with her fear . 
 here i was , chained to the wall next to a vampire , just like some damn virgin sacrifice . 
 i sputtered in protest . 
 `` weeks ? 
 you 're going to keep us down here for weeks , waiting for him to ... '' my thoughts trailed off as my eyes ran over teren 's legs , soaked in blood . 
 the man 's jacket was streaked with it from where he 'd held him up . 
 `` he wo n't make it for weeks . '' 
 my eyes went back to the man 's . 
 `` you 've killed him already . 
 he wo n't survive until the change ! '' 
 the man straightened and laughed at me . 
 shaking his head , he reached into his back pocket and grabbed a case . 
 while i snuck a peek at teren , who was scrutinizing every move the man made , our captor spoke in an amused voice . 
 `` i do n't have time to wait weeks . 
 this one has nest-mates , who will eventually look for him . '' 
 he opened the silver case and pulled out a syringe . 
 tapping the glass , he pushed some pink fluid out of the tip , removing the air bubbles . 
 smiling , his scar white against his pale lips , he knelt beside teren and said , `` i only need a day . '' 
 with that comment , he stuck the needle into teren 's thigh and injected the fluid . 
 teren screamed like he was being pumped full of molten lava . 
 i tried to push the man back , but he was already finished . 
 he stepped away from teren , leaving him gasping in pain and clutching at his thigh . 
 `` what did you do to him ? '' 
 i hotly demanded , straining against my restraints in my desire to throttle the man . 
 unimpressed by my display , he calmly held the empty syringe in front of him . 
 `` this ... jumpstarts the conversion . 
 he 'll be dead by nightfall . '' 
 my body went limp with shock and defeat while teren clenched my hand with renewed strength . 
 `` what ? 
 that 's not possible ... '' i whispered , more to myself than the man . 
 he answered me though . 
 `` you both act like he 's something special . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` he 's not . 
 i 've been chasing mixed breeds all up and down this country . 
 they 're all the same . '' 
 he held the syringe up to me again , before putting it back in its case . 
 `` i cooked this up myself and it always works . 
 it always forces the change , within hours . 
 i even got this to work on a ten year old once . '' 
 he said that with a look of cold pride , like changing over a child was an accomplishment . 
 my eyes were glued to the syringe being tucked back into its case . 
 in that one instant , only a single thought echoed in my head and vibrated through my body : the line was dead . 
 looking back at teren clutching his leg in torturous agony , my first thought should have been for his well-being . 
 i should have cared about his fear of dying , of crossing over into that unknown place . 
 i should have cared about the pain that change was going to bring him , although with the pains he 'd suffered recently , i was beginning to believe that the dying part might actually be the most relaxing thing he 'd felt in a while . 
 i should have cared that teren 's heart was about to stop and his skin was going to cool . 
 i should have instantly cared about being anchored next to a man who was about experience insatiable blood lust . 
 but i did n't care about that yet . 
 all i cared about , as the man coldly laughed at teren 's discomfort , was my empty womb ; that one needle had instantly evaporated any hope of a child . 
 i was n't pregnant ... and now i never would be . 
 i 'd never see a black-haired child in my home . 
 i 'd never hear teren 's laugh repeated in miniature . 
 i 'd never hear a tiny , musical voice say , `` i love you , mommy . '' 
 my soul ached with the loss . 
 i knew on some level , that that should n't have been relevant right now . 
 somewhere in my head , i knew i 'd never survive this night anyway , so being pregnant or not did n't even matter . 
 but i 'd been trying to have teren 's baby for a while now , and forcefully being made to let go of that dream ripped my heart to pieces . 
 a sob escaped me and i sunk my head onto teren 's chest . 
 his breathing had somewhat returned to normal , but his heart was beating wildly . 
 his doomed heart was beating wildly . 
 i sobbed even more . 
 teren 's hand came up to clutch my back as i mercilessly wept against his chest . 
 the dying man in extraordinary pain was actually trying to soothe me because my uterus was barren . 
 that thought snapped my head back to reality . 
 wiping my face off on my shirt , i turned to glare at the man standing a few paces away , watching us with a look of amused disgust on his scratchy face . 
 i was about to let out a stream of vile profanity that would surely be so scathing the man would instantly change his mind about our captivity and let us go . 
 the man opened his mouth and began speaking before i could though . 
 `` you must be third generation at least . '' 
 he reached behind him to grab a chair , then scooted to the edge of the pale circle of light . 
 half his face was in darkness , and the light half of him seemed all the more menacing because of it . 
 i swallowed back my obscenities and glanced up at teren . 
 he was eyeing the man with a clenched jaw and lethal intent . 
 the man did n't seem to care that teren was n't participating in the conversation , and he continued to talk to him like he was-some men did so enjoy discussing their work . 
 `` yeah , it 's so much harder to spot you guys , when you can hide out in the sunshine . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` it 's rare to come across a fourth or fifth and i tell you , they are really difficult to tell apart from humans . 
 you pretty much have to watch for them to feed . '' 
 i swear my stomach thumped with a phantom baby kick at the man 's cruel words . 
 my dry eyes threatened to spill back over with my heart wrenching loss , but i made myself keep full composure . 
 this ... thing ... before me would n't get another second of my tears . 
 the man scratched his lice-infested jaw , okay , he was n't lice infested , but the man was disgusting , and it helped stoke the fire in my belly to make him as physically gross as he was morally . 
 `` it was a lucky night for me that i went to that baseball game . '' 
 he tilted his head and eyed teren with a raised brow . 
 `` that was quite a catch ... vampire . '' 
 my heart seized . 
 teren and i looked at each other and a moment of oh god realization passed soundlessly between us . 
 this evil buffy wannabe had been there that night . 
 he had seen teren calmly pluck a ball from in front of my face barehanded . 
 no one else in the stadium had made the connection but the one person who had some divine providence to do something about it . 
 we looked back over at him when his gravelly voice continued , `` i followed you after that ... just to be sure . '' 
 leaning forward on his hands and knees , he spat on the hard-packed dirt . 
 `` i followed you to your vampire nest . 
 a ranch ? 
 interesting . '' 
 he ran a hand along his jaw while i paled at the thought of him anywhere near teren 's family . 
 `` i suppose i 'll have to clear them out next . '' 
 `` you son of a bitch ! '' 
 teren suddenly exclaimed . 
 he jerked upright , like he was going to attack the man . 
 unfortunately his body was n't up for the task , and he immediately crumpled back against the wall , as the pain shot through him . 
 the man let out a cold laugh as he watched teren struggle . 
 `` yeah ... i did n't go near the property . '' 
 he tapped a grimy finger against his ear . 
 `` i know what you can do . 
 but i figure there are at least two other mixed ... and the full vampire , of course . '' 
 teren 's upper body went rigid as he breathed in and out with as much control as he could muster . 
 i almost expected him to slip out his fangs and hiss at the man . 
 i think if he thought it would do any good , he would have . 
 the man spat again before laying out his insidious plan . 
 `` i 'll go in during the day , stake the mixed ones fast , and then torch the vampire while they sleep . 
 easiest way to rid yourself of a vampire-cleansing through fire while they nap . '' 
 his lips started to spread into a smile , but then he frowned . 
 `` you got humans there ? 
 breeders ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i suppose i 'll have to toss them in the fire too ... i really do n't relish killing humans , but , god 's work must be done . '' 
 teren dropped his mouth in speechlessness . 
 my mind instantly went to my sister and her charred , blistered skin after the horrendous fire that had devastated our family . 
 i could n't believe someone would willingly impose that cruel fate on another . 
 i pictured halina 's screams as she was awoken from a deep sleep . 
 i imagined jack 's flesh melting , muscle sliding away from the bone ... i stood and nearly yanked my arm from my socket as i made a move for the man . 
 he only turned his head a small fraction to glance at me in apathy . 
 that disregarding look ignited my already flaring temper . 
 `` i 'm going to fillet you ! 
 you will never touch them ! 
 never ! '' 
 i futilely struggled against the cuffs ; the iron bar scraped in protest with my furious movements . 
 finally , the man walked over to me . 
 teren tried to grab him , but he effortlessly scooted away from his grasp . 
 coming up to the other side of me , away from teren , he clamped my throat in his big hands and harshly smacked my head against the wall . 
 dazed and seeing stars dance in my vision , i slumped down the wall in defeat . 
 teren immediately put his hand on the back of my head . 
 i felt the wetness there and knew i was bleeding . 
 my vampire would be aware of that too . 
 he snapped his head around to the man calmly walking back to his chair . 
 a low growl rumbled in his chest as his fangs slid out ; he looked ready to tear the man to pieces . 
 the man only laughed again . 
 `` ahhh ... there 's the beast . 
 i was wondering if he 'd show up to the party . '' 
 he pointed at where teren was still issuing a lethal growl from deep in his chest . 
 `` i 've been biding my time , waiting to collect you and your whore . 
 you provided me the perfect opportunity , by telling your friends and coworkers that you were going away for weeks ... '' he shrugged and a happy look crossed his hard face . 
 `` thank you for that . 
 no one is going to miss you for a long time . 
 i 'll be on the other side of the country before the police are even called ... not that they 'll ever find your bodies . '' 
 feeling more in control of my vision if nothing else , i spat at the man , `` why are you doing this ? 
 they 're not hurting anyone ! 
 they 're innocen - '' he cut me off before i could finish my protest . 
 `` innocent ? 
 have they hypnotized you woman ? '' 
 he spat again and curled his lip in disdain . 
 `` they 're killers ... each and every one of them . '' 
 he indicated teren huddled against me , fangs still bared , as if that proved his point . 
 `` and what are you ! '' 
 i yelled with a derisive curl of my own . 
 his back straightened and for a moment , i saw a soldier in that green army jacket . 
 `` i 'm a holy man . 
 i 'm doing god 's work . 
 i 'm ridding the world of anathemas . '' 
 he narrowed his eyes as he snarled at me , `` i 'm not adding to them . '' 
 before i could respond he said , `` they all kill ... every one , so do n't you say they are innocent , loving creatures . 
 they are n't . '' 
 his voice rose and warbled . 
 `` my daughter was the innocent ... '' his eyes watered as pure , righteous anger filled him . 
 `` she was tricked by a monster . 
 that thing got her pregnant , then devoured her and the baby in her womb , after he changed . '' 
 his entire body shook and for a moment , i thought he was going to vibrate off the chair . 
 he did n't though . 
 instead , he stood . 
 still shaking in a near epileptic fit , he walked over to stand in front of teren . 
 from the light of near madness in the man 's eyes , i did n't even think he saw teren anymore . 
 he saw whatever poor vampire had harmed his child . 
 `` he had the nerve to apologize , before i drove the stake through his heart . 
 apologize ! 
 for taking the life of my little girl ! '' 
 he swung his foot and his steel-toed boot made contact with the bloody pulp of teren 's shins . 
 the movement jerked teren 's legs towards me and his body followed suit . 
 he slumped to the ground around my knees , crying out in pain before stilling , knocked out again from the sheer overwhelming power of agony . 
 i ran my free hand over his back and curled over him protectively . 
 `` leave him alone ! 
 he 's already dying ! 
 you do n't need to torture him ! '' 
 the man sneered at me . 
 ignoring my comments , he contemptuously said , `` i watched you let him feed off of you at that restaurant . 
 that 's what made me positive i had it right . '' 
 his eyes ran up and down my body , like i was the most perverted thing he 'd ever seen . 
 `` you commanded him to drink blood from you and then you screwed him . '' 
 my stomach dropped as i realized what he was talking about . 
 i had thought we were perfectly alone that night by the dumpster . 
 i did n't know anyone had seen that . 
 teren had been so focused on my blood , he must not have heard the man , and he 'd seen ... everything . 
 my face heated and i raised my chin in defiance . 
 `` yes . 
 i let him drink from me . 
 i let him make love to me . 
 i love him . '' 
 my eyes ran up and down the creep 's body with contempt . 
 `` he 's more of a man than you 'll ever be . '' 
 the man smirked again , brought his fist around again , and knocked me out cold ... again . 
 <br/> somehow . 
 the room itself was lending me no bursts of inspiration . 
 it was mostly empty . 
 a few broken chairs , a few empty bottles and a couple bags of what looked like fertilizer . 
 no helpful items , like a shovel , or a shotgun , or a key to these damn cuffs . 
 my arm was numb from being attached to this stupid waist-high bar , suspended in the air , while i sat on the floor with teren . 
 i was beyond the tingly it 's fallen asleep stage and was in the full-on my appendage is gone stage . 
 i was actually grateful for it . 
 maybe i 'd simply gnaw my arm off , and if said arm was completely numb ... maybe i would n't feel it . 
 my stomach churned at the thought though . 
 one hundred ninety ... one hundred and ninety-one ... one hundred and ninety-two ... teren twitched beneath me . 
 he 'd been doing that periodically , once his body had stopped shaking . 
 i had no idea if that was a good thing , or a bad thing . 
 sometimes the twitch would elicit a quiet groan , sometimes they were silent . 
 with that last one , he clutched my thigh . 
 i flinched and bit my lip . 
 he 'd squeezed really hard and i was bruised for sure . 
 i could take it though . 
 his pain was so much worse . 
 i ran my hand down his back until his body relaxed . 
 he twitched again and then released his death grip on my thigh . 
 i 'd thought about offering him some blood , but i honestly did n't know if that would help him at this point or not . 
 and a part of me was worried that he would n't be able to sense when to stop , what with his brain on sensory overload . 
 plus , i needed all of my strength for when my brilliant escape plan went into effect . 
 two hundred thirty ... two hundred and thirty-one ... two hundred and thirty-two ... still blank . 
 apparently , i had n't watched enough horror movies . 
 i had no idea what to do about this little situation , and i was sure there had to be a movie out there somewhere with an ending similar to the predicament i was in now . 
 of course , the woman in that film probably had a bobby pin tucked up in her hair and would know how to use one to unclasp her cuffs . 
 i neither had one , nor knew how to use one like that . 
 i exhaled in irritation and watched the barred door at the top of the wooden steps . 
 the man had n't come back . 
 i supposed he would n't until teren changed over . 
 no point in watching it , really . 
 we were securely locked in here . 
 i was handcuffed to a wall for god 's sake . 
 once teren changed , and my demise was guaranteed , he 'd drive a stake through teren 's beautiful , silent heart , before my blood had a chance to partially revive him . 
 then we 'd both be dead and gone . 
 well , at least teren did n't have to worry about a lifetime without me ... just a few minutes really . 
 no ... no more negative nancy . 
 i was getting us out of here . 
 three hundred and twenty-one ... three hundred and twenty-two ... three hundred and twenty-three ... teren gasped as a large jolt through his body stirred him . 
 he made a strangled cry and i soothed his back again . 
 once the wave of pain ebbed , he twisted his head to look at me . 
 his eyes had a dreamy faraway look . 
 `` hi , '' he quietly said . 
 i smiled down at him on my lap . 
 `` hey , baby . 
 close your eyes ... rest . '' 
 he half-smiled in that crooked , charming way of his . 
 `` since you gave up all your coffee for my shirt ... maybe i could buy you another ? '' 
 i bit my lip and forced back the tears . 
 he was slipping . 
 the pain was making his mind look for ways around it , and he 'd found a pleasant memory to linger in . 
 well , i 'd play along . 
 delusion was better than screaming . 
 `` i 'd love that . '' 
 he gave me a wide smile , but then sudden panic filled his eyes . 
 for a moment , i thought his illusion had slipped and he was cognizant again , but when he spoke , he was still in the past . 
 `` please do n't leave if you find out what i am . 
 please do n't hate me . 
 please do n't run , like the others . 
 please do n't think i 'm a monster ... '' a not-stoppable tear rolled down my cheek . 
 i sniffled as i ran a hand down his face . 
 `` i wo n't leave , baby . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` you 're not a monster , teren ... you never were . '' 
 my eyes flashed back to the door . 
 there was only one monster in this house and he was upstairs . 
 and he would pay ... somehow . 
 teren 's eyes fluttered closed with a content sigh . 
 i rubbed his cheek while his face relaxed beneath my touch . 
 somehow . 
 four hundred ... four hundred and one ... four hundred and two ... teren jerked on my legs and his eyes flew open . 
 he clenched his jaw and looked around the room , like he did n't know where he was . 
 `` baby ... it 's okay , '' i said in a soothing voice . 
 his eyes found mine and he exhaled a choppy breath . 
 `` where are ... '' his thought fell off his tongue as his eyes closed in remembrance . 
 when he reopened them , he met mine again . 
 `` we 're still here ? '' 
 i weakly nodded and rubbed his cheek again . 
 he clasped his hand over mine . 
 i wondered how long we had . 
 i wondered if it was close to dark . 
 the man said teren would die by nightfall . 
 either way , our lives were completely different than they had been this morning . 
 i flicked a glance at teren 's legs , and hoped he was right about them . 
 i hoped he healed . 
 they looked such a bloody , un-repairable mess ; broken at the least , shattered at the most . 
 i still was n't about to take a glance under his jeans to find out . 
 that sight would surely unhinge me , and i needed to stay somewhat focused on getting us out of here . 
 i was pretty certain that if he had n't been about to change , and i did get him safely away somehow , that his legs would probably have to be removed for him to remain alive . 
 they looked that bad . 
 i 'd take him that way too , of course . 
 i 'd take teren adams any way i could get him . 
 teren noticed me glancing at his legs . 
 `` it 's not so bad anymore . 
 it 's almost like they 're gone . 
 i can barely feel them . '' 
 he smiled when he said that , like it was a good thing . 
 i feebly smiled back , then a thought struck me as i remembered nightfall . 
 `` will your family look for us ? '' 
 he was shaking his head as soon as the words left me . 
 `` no , i do n't think so . 
 not tonight , anyway . '' 
 he stroked my fingers with his thumb . 
 `` they 'll only know we turned away from the ranch ... they wo n't know why . '' 
 he sighed a little as he stated , `` we ca n't sense intentions . '' 
 he shrugged as he searched my eyes . 
 `` not even when we want to . '' 
 my head dropped as i considered that . 
 i was n't sure if i wanted his family anywhere near this madman , but it would dramatically improve our odds if they were here . 
 teren finished his thought in a soft voice , momentarily free from pain , `` they wo n't worry until tomorrow , when they ca n't reach me on my cell . 
 then they 'll probably wait until dark , so great-gran can go with them-she 's the strongest of us . 
 by the time they track me here ... '' `` we 'll be dead , '' i quietly finished . 
 with a warm , peaceful smile on his face , he shook his head and looked at the wall over my shoulder , like he could see right through it to the outside world . 
 `` no ... i 'll be dead . 
 you 'll be free . '' 
 his eyes seemed to glow with the hope of my freedom . 
 i was positive that the only thing keeping him going right now was the thought of me escaping . 
 `` teren ... '' his happy eyes shifted to take me in . 
 `` you 'll be free , '' he repeated . 
 `` you 'll run ... you promised . '' 
 while technically i did n't promise that i 'd run , now was n't really the time to argue semantics ... or the fact that i was still handcuffed to a wall . 
 `` right , baby ... i 'll be free , '' i whispered instead . 
 his grin widened , and his eyes fluttered closed again as he slung an arm around my waist . 
 i commanded myself not to cry . 
 four hundred and ninety-seven ... four hundred and ninety-eight ... four hundred and ninety-nine ... teren jerked below me and his eyes flew open again , but this time , it was different . 
 confused , i watched his face contort in pain and wondered if i 'd somehow jarred his legs . 
 i was being exceedingly careful to not move him . 
 his mouth fell open in a silent gasp and i could see fresh pain cloud his pale eyes-a lot of fresh pain . 
 he jerked on my legs a couple of times , like he was struggling against some unseen force . 
 i tried to still his body , so he would n't cause himself extra pain by banging his legs against the ground . 
 `` teren ... what is it ? '' 
 he could n't answer me . 
 he could only open and close his mouth and make horrid gasping noises , like he was struggling for air . 
 then his hand went to his chest . 
 then i understood . 
 time was up ... my vampire was dying . 
 and this time he absolutely was n't joking . 
 `` no ... stop it , '' i croaked out unintentionally . 
 i knew it was n't possible to stop this , but i was n't ready . 
 aside from the not having a plan part yet , and the fact that within an hour i was about to be a snack , i just was n't ready to say goodbye to teren 's humanity . 
 it was such a selfish thought to have at the moment that i hated myself a little for it . 
 but the fact was , i would miss that side of him that was like me : his fierce thumping heart , his warm probing hands , our long leisurely dinners on his patio with a glass of wine ... but that reality had ended the moment that bar had struck his shins . 
 this would actually help him now . 
 he 'd heal and he 'd be strong enough to get away from the lunatic upstairs ... once he ate me , of course . 
 i pushed aside my selfish thoughts and focused on the dying , terrified man before me . 
 he clutched my free hand and , still gasping in pain , sought my eyes . 
 i stared into his pale orbs , willing him strength . 
 the whites of his eyes had been faintly glowing in the pale light of the bulb . 
 they seemed to intensify as his body struggled to remain alive . 
 i imagined that i heard his irregular , wet , thumping heart , pulsing unsteadily and uncertainly . 
 fighting for every last beat , before the weakness of its humanity claimed it , and the tired organ completely surrendered to the foreignness of his vampire blood . 
 `` i 'm here , teren ... i 'm here . 
 you 're not alone . '' 
 not ever having comforted a dying person before , i had no other words . 
 while his body jerked in painful spasms , his eyes stayed locked onto mine , refusing to leave them . 
 i knew he was soaking me in , trying to force himself to remember what i meant to him ... to outsmart the thirst . 
 i was pretty sure that was a losing battle . 
 a second later , he seemed to realize that too . 
 his face hardened into stone concentration . 
 he forcibly ripped his eyes from mine and lifted himself off my lap . 
 with one hand still clutching at his chest , like its very presence was keeping that organ beating , he reached out with his other hand , took a deep breath , and letting out a scream of pain and frustration , ripped the iron bar that was anchoring me to the wall off its heavy support brackets . 
 it clanked onto the floor a few feet away from us ; my arm burned with fire as the blood suddenly rushed back into it . 
 teren , his strength gone , collapsed back to my lap . 
 i clutched him with both arms now , the empty manacle uselessly dangling from my wrist . 
 `` baby ... ? '' 
 his hand reached up to stroke my face and a calm peace swept over him . 
 terror filled me as that peace spread from his face to his body . 
 his shaking stopped . 
 his gasping stopped . 
 looking up to my eyes with an expression so full of love , i thought my heart would burst , he whispered , `` ya tebya lyublyu . '' 
 i waited for the reciprocating inhale after the air from saying those words passed his lips . 
 it did n't come . 
 his hand dropped from my cheek to land by his side with a non-resistant thud . 
 my vision obscured and i blinked the tears down my cheeks , so i could watch his eyes , still locked onto mine , slowly lose their focus . 
 the glow that painted the whites of his eyes vanished and his head drifted down , finally breaking our eye contact . 
 `` teren ... ? '' 
 i shook his shoulder in a hopeless attempt to revive him . 
 it was a joke ... all of this was some elaborate practical joke , and any minute he 'd jerk awake and say `` got-ya '' and i 'd smack the shit out of him for scaring me . 
 but he was n't moving and he was n't breathing . 
 i shook him again , in the near maniacal way of someone trying to force a reality they wanted into existence . 
 it still was n't working , he still was n't moving . 
 `` no ... please , no ... '' i gave up trying to force my will into being . 
 i gave up trying to pretend that the man i loved was only joking . 
 i gave up trying to hold back the racking wails of sobs that my body demanded . 
 i closed his eyes , so i would n't have to endure the lifeless stare any longer , then i hunched over his limp body and completely gave myself over into grief . 
 teren adams was dead . 
 **** i do n't know how much time i spent huddled over teren 's lifeless body . 
 i knew it was pointless . 
 i knew i could n't bring him back , and i knew that he would come back to me shortly , but it 's not every day that you watch the light of consciousness fade from someone you immensely love . 
 it affected me . 
 i 'd darn near say it wrecked me . 
 i even tried cpr . 
 how ridiculous is that ? 
 i knew it was hopeless the moment i started the compressions on his chest . 
 this was no sixty-year-old man with coronary failure . 
 this was a vampire whose human heart could no longer handle the strain of his mixed blood . 
 there was no artificial stimulation that could be done on his organ that would overcome that fact . 
 it was simply ... done . 
 i still tried though . 
 for a longer time than i cared to admit , i tried . 
 when that failed , or more appropriately , when my arms could n't handle another forceful push , i slumped across his silent chest and cried some more of those useless tears . 
 i knew he wanted me to run far away from him before he woke up , and i knew i was running out of time ... but teren had only freed me from the wall . 
 i was still padlocked down here behind an iron barred door . 
 all i could do was wait for teren to wake up and eat me . 
 then the man would hear my death and open the damn door . 
 i sat bolt upright as my mouth dropped open . 
 oh crap . 
 did i just finally have an idea on how to get out of this hellhole ? 
 my mind tumbled over the details and i had to stop thinking for a second . 
 i slowly exhaled for ten long counts before i tried again to think in a more organized way . 
 the man was waiting for teren to kill me . 
 after that happened , he 'd have a very short window of opportunity , before teren became too strong for him to easily stake . 
 so he 'd be listening closely after nightfall . 
 since teren was lying dead before me , i was going to assume it was . 
 so the man was listening right now . 
 in fact , he 'd probably heard my heart wrenching sobs , i had n't exactly been quiet . 
 he was probably on the other side of that door , perched on a dirty little chair with his sharpened stake in his hand , waiting for a bloodcurdling scream . 
 once he heard that scream , he 'd open the door and ... that was it . 
 nervous butterflies swarmed my stomach by the hundreds as i considered everything i was going to have to do for this to work . 
 i did n't know if i had the skill or strength to pull this off , but i knew it was my only chance . 
 once teren woke up ... well , i really did n't want to be anywhere near him when that happened . 
 my only chance at freedom resided in that fanatic lunatic on the other side of the door . 
 great . 
 when did my life take such a drastic turn ? 
 just months ago , i was plugging along at my tedious job , wishing something would come along to break up the monotony of endless days of copying and faxing , and endless nights of watching eighties sitcom reruns on the television . 
 in truth , i 'd been hoping for clarice to retire , so i could have her more appealing job . 
 and then maybe one of the firm 's more prestigious clients would have taken an interest in me , and swept me off in his private jet to paris , for an authentic french dinner and a romantic stroll down the seine . 
 but instead , i 'd crashed into a vampire . 
 i smiled , and my nerves settled somewhat as i thought over that day . 
 the look of surprise and pain on his face as my drink had spilled down the front of him . 
 his hands brushing mine as he 'd taken my card and shoved it in his pocket . 
 and now that terror was clearing my brain cells , i could clearly recall the crooked grin he 'd given me , as i 'd hurried away from him in embarrassment . 
 i 'd been awaiting an irate phone call that day , but he 'd never been angry at me . 
 even back then , he 'd been more amused by me than anything else . 
 i smiled wider as i looked back down at teren 's still body and stroked his hair . 
 no , no bigwig sweeping me off to a foreign country could have measured up to the man that fate had forcibly led me to . 
 my life with teren was exactly what i wanted it to be , what i always hoped it would be ... once we got past this little speed bump , of course . 
 i kissed teren 's forehead and scooted around his broken body as i stood up . 
 i left him slightly turned toward the wall and facing away from me ; he almost looked like he was sleeping that way . 
 silently , i grabbed the iron rod that teren had pulled from the wall . 
 it was contorted on one end , where the metal had twisted from the strain of wanting to stay attached to the stone wall . 
 teren 's pure vampiric strength had disagreed , and brutally ripped it from its home . 
 luckily , the squeal of its removal had n't attracted the vampire hunter upstairs ; he 'd either discounted it or teren 's loud yell had masked it . 
 either way , now i was free and now i had a weapon . 
 my nerves came back , and i inhaled and exhaled as slowly and smoothly as i could . 
 one shot ... no chance at a redo . 
 either the man or teren would kill me if this did n't work . 
 nope , no pressure at all . 
 silencing the fear and doubt in my mind , i focused instead on the tiny things that i could control-my grip on the twisted end of the rod , my feet soundlessly crossing the dirt floor , retreating into the shadows under the stairs , and lastly ... screaming . 
 `` no , teren ... please ... do n't ... please ... no ... '' then i let loose all the terror and fear i 'd been struggling to rein in for the last several hours , and i let out the loudest scream my body was capable of making . 
 i was sure i was making every horror movie vixen very proud , as the scream rang throughout even my own ears . 
 at the very highest point , i clamped a hand over my own mouth and shut off my vocals . 
 i was no actress , but i was appropriately terrified , and letting out that scream had been astonishingly easy and a little cathartic . 
 glancing at teren 's form , bathed in the soft light from the bulb , i took in his stillness as i stared at his back . 
 he had n't moved , had n't reacted to my voice . 
 loud sounds did n't bother the dead . 
 i tried to not reflect on how his skin had looked paler , sallower , and when i 'd kissed his forehead , he 'd felt cooler than usual . 
 now was not the time . 
 i firmly grasped my iron rod in both hands while i waited for sounds of movement upstairs . 
 there was no way the man had n't heard that . 
 he would give teren a few moments to finish his meal , and then he 'd saunter down to stake my honey . 
 i went over everything lita and hot ben had ever taught me in kickboxing class . 
 true , it was n't exactly the same as what i was about to do , but similar logic could be applied . 
 power comes from the hips-twist them , use the strength of your lower body . 
 aim for the soft spot of the temple . 
 commit to the hit and follow through . 
 abandon all fear . 
 breathe ... i heard the sound of metal scraping against wood and i knew the man was lifting the bar away from the door . 
 moments later , i heard the pop of the door unlocking . 
 i closed my eyes and forced peace into my body . 
 ignoring my childhood fear of what monsters typically lurked there , i stepped further back into the shadows under the stairs . 
 this time , the monster was walking down the stairs instead of lurking under them , and this was one monster i was going to deal with head on . 
 heavy boots clomped down the long steps . 
 i briefly considered just tripping him down the stairs , but i discounted it . 
 that might only mildly hurt him , and i needed to massively hurt him . 
 i only had one shot at this , and surprise was on my side , since he assumed i was hanging against a wall , dead . 
 his hoarse voice broke the stillness , `` so , you finished her off , huh ? 
 knew you would ... they all do . 
 are you crying ? 
 sometimes the bloodsuckers actually cry afterwards . '' 
 his boot stepped off the last stair and he turned towards teren 's curled form on the floor . 
 `` sometimes they even beg me to stake them . 
 do n't worry ... you wo n't cry long . '' 
 the man was too intently focused on the supposed threat of the hungry vampire lying on the ground . 
 he had n't noticed that my body was nowhere to be seen . 
 well , he was about to see me . 
 with the stealth of a stalking predator , i stepped away from the staircase and close to his side . 
 `` neither will you , '' i hissed . 
 the man startled and twisted to look at me . 
 his eyes widened in shock at seeing me alive , and right next to him . 
 he never even had time to realize i was armed . 
 as soon as his head was facing me , giving me an ideal target , i focused all my pain , fear and rage at the maniac . 
 i brought my arms around , twisting my h * ps and reinforcing the strike . 
 surprise and adrenaline gave me speed , and he never even moved to defend himself . 
 he did n't have time . 
 my hit was true , and the rod connected to his temple with a sickening thud that reverberated all the way up my arms . 
 the man 's head snapped to the side . 
 just as i feared that i did n't have the strength to knock him out , his knees buckled and he dropped like a ton of bricks . 
 the wooden stake fell away from his relaxed fingers and rolled onto the dirt beside him . 
 i kicked the vile , symbolic thing under the stairs . 
 the iron rod felt red-hot in my hand . 
 not wanting the metal touching my skin any longer , i dropped it to my side . 
 it thudded to the ground and rested near my feet . 
 my vision swam as the adrenaline rushed out of my body and the realization of what i 'd done , swept in . 
 the man was very still and i really did n't know if he was alive or not . 
 my stomach rose into my throat and i pressed on it to make it stop . 
 now was n't the time to lose my last meal or stare at the downed man like an idiot . 
 now was the time to do what i 'd told teren i 'd do ... now was the time to run . 
 just as i was mentally preparing myself for the flight away from this rickety farmhouse , and wondering how i 'd get a hold of teren 's family in time so they could come help him , i heard it . 
 a low growl was coming from one side of the room ; an impossibly deep growl that sent shivers up my spine and dotted my skin with goose bumps . 
 a growl that i 'd heard a few times before , but never once directed towards me . 
 an inhuman growl that made me afraid i 'd lose control of my bladder . 
 tracking the sound , i turned to stare over at the piece of ground where i 'd left teren 's broken body . 
 only , he was no longer where i 'd left him ; only our ripped apart belts were lying on the ground . 
 he was standing in a low crouch , his body lightly shaking as he wobbled on his feet . 
 that was n't what sent ice cold fear throughout my veins though . 
 it was his face . 
 his skin was still ashen , and he had the sunken look of someone very ill . 
 the whites of his eyes faintly glowed in the dim light , and his pale , light blue irises were locked onto me . 
 they danced with a near frenzied excitement . 
 his mouth was open in a vicious looking snarl and his teeth were extended to sharp points ; his fangs were longer than i 'd ever seen them . 
 he looked like a pure animal , nothing left of my teren at all . 
 and for a split-second sadness swept through me at the thought that maybe he was n't my teren anymore . 
 maybe that man really had died today . 
 my sadness shifted right back to fear when the starving creature before me let out another deep , menacing growl , and took a step forward . 
 <br/> my happiness instantly evaporated when he took his second step . 
 pure prey-filled panic swept through me and i had the overwhelming desire to run . 
 every fundamental cell in my body was screaming at me to bolt for the stairs , screeching bloody murder the entire way , and plunge myself into the dark , barren landscape where our captor had taken us . 
 i was n't entirely an idiot though . 
 the part of my brain that , luckily , had firm control over my motor functions , knew that the surest way to get myself killed would be to act like the quarry i indeed was . 
 nothing would kick teren 's predatory nature into overdrive quite like me acting like a fleeing dinner . 
 i instantly remembered halina remarking how much she loved the hunt , and i knew that i could n't do anything that a typical human would do in this situation . 
 i could n't run . 
 i had to stand perfectly still and let him approach me . 
 and let me tell you , fighting eons of pure instinct is difficult . 
 teren straightened as he stiffly walked towards me ; his blood-soaked jeans only emphasized the oddness of watching him walk in my direction . 
 a small smile played at the corners of his wide open mouth and his extended fangs were so long they brushed against his lower lip . 
 i imagined those teeth plunging into my neck . 
 in my fear , i pictured them coming right out the other side . 
 a shudder passed through me and he paused , notating the movement with clear interest in his pale eyes . 
 a stranger 's eyes ... not my teren 's . 
 this was a creature of the night . 
 this was hunger incarnate . 
 this was a near-death , thirsty vampire and for the first time ever-i was terrified of him . 
 he resumed his stiff walk and when he had halved the distance between us , i knew i had to try to appeal to whatever human side was still in him right now , or else he 'd kill me for sure . 
 `` teren ... baby . 
 it 's me ... emma . '' 
 he cocked his head to the side and his brows scrunched , like he was hearing a language he ought to know but did n't currently understand . 
 his shaky steps continued until he came to the unconscious man in front of me . 
 ignoring our captor lying on the ground , he walked around the still body , to come up to my shaking one . 
 thinking my shivers were drawing him straight to me , i tried to control the tremors . 
 but i could n't control them anymore than i could stop my juicily pulsating heart from racing . 
 i knew he would be able to hear my slushy , elevated beats . 
 he could probably even sense the blood rushing throughout my veins in overdrive . 
 right now , i was irresistible to him and i could n't do anything about it . 
 `` baby ... please ... it 's me . 
 you love me ... remember ? '' 
 he stepped right beside me , his chest pressing against my arm . 
 a low growl vibrated his ribcage and i felt it all the way up my body . 
 i gritted my teeth to not move , to not scream . 
 a tear rolled down my cheek , as the level of fear and concentration coursing through my body showed itself physically . 
 `` baby ... you love me . 
 remember , teren . 
 please remember . '' 
 he pressed harder into my side and a soft sob escaped me . 
 teren bent down and softly hissed in my ear . 
 a huge shudder , which had nothing to do with how his body felt noticeably cooler , passed through my frame , and a pleased noise rumbled in his chest . 
 `` oh god , teren ... please . 
 baby , you promised ... you promised . 
 please ... please remember ... you love me . '' 
 he ran his nose up my throat , inhaling the whole while . 
 i bit my lip and mostly held back the scream . 
 i could n't stop how heavily i was breathing , though . 
 i could n't calm my heart . 
 i could n't ebb the terror in my veins . 
 teren shivered at my reaction and exhaled a cool breath across my skin . 
 he lowered his head to the crook of my neck and i felt the brush of his rough stubble against my shoulder as he angled himself into position-for the last bite he would ever take from me . 
 his cool lips caressed my skin as he pressed them against me . 
 for a split second , my fear-soaked brain desperately wanted to believe that he was playing with me , teasing me , but i fully understood the situation , and i knew that nothing about this was a joke or an intimacy . 
 he was going to kill me , because he could n't help it , because the hunger was too strong . 
 i felt his mouth opening wider , taking my flesh inside . 
 i felt his teeth grazing my skin . 
 `` teren , please . 
 i love you ... i love you so much . 
 please do n't do this . 
 please fight it ... please . 
 ya tebya lyublyu . '' 
 i started repeating the russian phrase over and over , like it was a lifeline and i was drowning . 
 teren had n't clamped down on my skin , but his teeth were prickling my flesh like nails , waiting to be driven deep . 
 tears freely coursed down my cheeks as i mindlessly repeated the phrase . 
 my body could n't keep up this charade of pretending to not be food . 
 i was losing the battle . 
 i was losing my grip on my sanity . 
 i was about to run . 
 even still , i knew the minute i moved , it would be my last . 
 that was when his black hair unexpectedly dropped from the edge of my vision . 
 confused , i took a stuttered breath and looked down . 
 he was lying in a fetal position at my feet , clutching his stomach like it was an open wound and he needed to hold in his intestines to keep them from spilling out over the ground . 
 he groaned and shifted to look up at me . 
 my breath caught at the look in his pale eyes . 
 i knew that look . 
 that was my teren returning my gaze . 
 `` emma ... '' the ache in his voice ripped me open ... he was so hungry . 
 his eyes blazed with pain , a different kind of pain than before he 'd died . 
 his face was still a pale , sunken , unhealthy color and his fangs were still elongated . 
 he closed his eyes and groaned again and i ignored every urge to kneel and comfort him . 
 he 'd resisted me once , twice was pretty much asking for it . 
 suddenly , our captor moaned and moved . 
 my terror-filled mind suddenly remembered that i was n't the only meal bag in this room . 
 sickened by my idea , i whispered , `` teren , drain him . '' 
 my tone was firm , sure , and showed none of the inner turmoil i felt over what i was asking my sweetheart to do . 
 teren 's eyes opened and flicked over to the man , who was now starting to rock his head slowly from side to side . 
 teren 's hazy eyes returned to mine and he swallowed with great difficulty , like his throat was so dry he barely could . 
 `` no . '' 
 he croaked out , sounding like a man who 'd been trudging through the desert for days with no water and could hardly still make speech . 
 i nudged the man 's shoulder with my shoe ; he groaned in response . 
 `` you will die unless you drink ... so do it ! '' 
 heat entered my tone , as i began to realize that teren might refuse all blood available to him . 
 his eyes steadily held mine . 
 `` no , '' he coarsely whispered . 
 now i kicked the man , making him start to stir towards consciousness . 
 `` drink , damn you ! 
 do n't you give up on me ! '' 
 a different kind of panic seeped into my voice , giving it strength and volume . 
 with a resolved look in his pained eyes , teren lightly shook his head . 
 `` no , emma . 
 i told you i 'd never take a life . 
 not even his ... '' his eyes drifted back to the man , before returning to mine . 
 `` not even for me ! '' 
 i yelled , nearly wanting to kick teren now . 
 he gave me a soft , pained smile , and i instantly remembered that we 'd had this conversation once before , back when we 'd argued about him changing my sister . 
 i knew exactly what his answer would be ... what it had always been . 
 `` not even for me , emma , '' he whispered . 
 i shook my head in disbelief , when i realized what he was saying . 
 `` please ... i ca n't lose you . '' 
 he closed his eyes and slowly exhaled . 
 a twinge of discomfort passed through his features , and i knew he was hiding how much he was really hurting from me , both emotionally and physically . 
 when he reopened his eyes , it was with a visible effort , like they suddenly weighed a ton each . 
 `` i 'm sorry , emma ... but no , i wo n't do it . '' 
 his hands loosened their death grip on his stomach , his face relaxed , then his eyes unfocused . 
 they fluttered shut and with a long , shaky breath , his head dropped . 
 ignoring the maniac starting to revive next to us , and ignoring the instinct to stay away from teren , i dropped to my knees at his side . 
 he was dying ... again , only this time he would n't wake back up . 
 `` no ! 
 please , teren ... please . '' 
 i shook his shoulders and he groaned . 
 with a struggle , he reopened his eyes . 
 his face was wan and anemic looking , and he could n't entirely focus on me . 
 the contrast was so different from the ferocious killer that had stalked me only moments before that it made it all the more terrifying . 
 he was slipping so fast ... smiling around his fangs , teren repeated the russian phrase that he 'd said the first time he 'd died , the phrase i 'd used to eventually snap him out of his hunger-induced stupor . 
 the way he said it this time , well , every syllable of it had the finality of goodbye . 
 i shook his shoulders even harder when his eyes started fluttering closed again . 
 `` no ! 
 you stupid , stubborn son of a bitch ! 
 no ! '' 
 i started smacking his shoulders into the ground , but his eyes had successfully closed and he was no longer responding to me . 
 `` no ... vampiric a ** hole ! 
 do n't give up on me now ! 
 no ! '' 
 he was silent . 
 he was still . 
 i was more scared than when he 'd inhaled me . 
 another moan on the other side of me reminded me , yet again , that i was n't the only human down here . 
 once the man recovered from my attack , he was going to be pretty pissed . 
 he might not relish killing humans , but i was pretty sure he 'd do it anyway , especially with the headache i 'd surely given him . 
 i dropped teren 's shoulders and noted his still , gaunt face . 
 i had no idea if he was dead-dead or just at a point where he could no longer move . 
 i did n't exactly have the typical vital signs to check . 
 was he breathing ... no . 
 did he have a heartbeat ... no . 
 he could be sleeping for all i knew . 
 but he was n't , he was dying , if not already dead . 
 anger shot through me . 
 no ... this was not how my fairytale was ending . 
 the prince did not die and leave the princess alone to get beaten to death by the villain . 
 every thought i 'd ever had about myself shifted . 
 every line i thought i 'd never cross blurred . 
 what would i do to save someone i loved ? 
 reality started dulling from the crystal-clear black and white world i 'd previously known , to the hazy realm of varying shades of gray . 
 what would n't i do to save someone i loved ? 
 nothing . 
 there was nothing i would n't do to save him , and i suddenly knew exactly what i had to do . 
 standing , i grabbed the iron bar still resting by my feet . 
 i calmly walked over to our kidnapper , the fanatic who 'd put us in this horrid mess . 
 he 'd regained consciousness enough to open his eyes and he looked up at me with a hazy , unfocused gaze . 
 i could see his mind trying to fill in the gaps of the last few moments of his life . 
 i did n't give him much longer to worry about it . 
 `` you were wrong . 
 i told you he would n't kill me . '' 
 i flicked a glance down his dirty body . 
 `` he wo n't even kill you . '' 
 my eyes found his again ; his seemed more alert and i knew i only had seconds left before he could fight me off . 
 i leaned forward over his body . 
 `` he 's too good a man to kill you . '' 
 i raised the bar , and with one hard push , i shoved it into the soft spot at the hollow of his throat . 
 the man jerked in surprise as the iron ripped through his flesh and hit his spine . 
 `` i 'm not so good , '' i growled . 
 i pulled the rod out and a fountain of blood followed it . 
 the man sputtered and choked on the hot fluid . 
 i took a step back and tossed the bar down again . 
 the man 's frantic eyes found mine as he tried to cover the wound with his hands . 
 `` he 's better than us both , '' i whispered to him . 
 the man 's eyes widened as he struggled to breathe , his hands clasped at his throat , but the move was ineffectual ; dark , deep-red blood oozed between his fingers . 
 suddenly , a strong set of hands ripped the man 's fingers from his neck and held them at his sides . 
 a dark-haired head attached itself to his throat , and the man dropped his mouth open in what i imagined was a silent scream . 
 i forced myself to watch the terror flash through the man 's eyes as teren stole his life-force from him . 
 i had done this . 
 i would n't avert my eyes from my actions . 
 i would watch ... and remember . 
 as i 'd hoped , fresh , pooling blood had been too much for teren 's starved body to ignore and he 'd instinctually leapt at the chance i 'd offered him . 
 i wondered if teren was even aware of what he was doing right now . 
 a part of me hoped he was n't . 
 he would eternally hate himself for this if he was making a conscious choice to kill . 
 i watched the man 's face as he relaxed and stopped his futile struggling . 
 his complexion started to pale from the pink , flush look of life , to a faded , dull gray color , as teren adjusted himself on his throat and made a deeper wound with those sharp teeth of his . 
 i forcefully ignored the happy noises teren was making deep in his chest , and the audible swallows as he took in liter after liter of the man 's blood . 
 i focused instead on the man 's eyes , hoping that the life soon faded from them . 
 even though he 'd been actively planning our deaths , i had no desire for the man to suffer . 
 i was n't cruel , either . 
 instantly , i was glad we 'd never discovered our captor 's name . 
 this memory would be bad enough . 
 no need to personalize it even more . 
 eventually , and in reality it had been thirty seconds at the most , the man 's eyes lost focus and faded into the blank stare of nothingness that teren had given me not all that long ago . 
 tears stung my eyes but i immediately forced them back . 
 this man was going to kill me . 
 this man had tortured and injected teren with something that had killed him . 
 this man had destroyed any hope i had of carrying teren 's child . 
 i refused to feel anymore pity for this man . 
 a few moments later , teren sat back on his heels and wiped his mouth off on his shirt . 
 he looked at his fingers , slightly red from the man 's bloody hands , and then wiped them on his jeans repeatedly . 
 he seemed steadier , but he still had a sunken , unhealthy look about him . 
 he was still hungry . 
 he sat there with his head down for a long time as he took in the dead man before him . 
 if he had n't been aware of his actions before , he was now . 
 i knew him well enough to know that he was beating himself up about draining this man ... something he 'd promised himself he 'd never do . 
 cautiously , i dropped to his side and put a hand on his arm . 
 he turned to me and i clearly saw the turmoil in his eyes . 
 i inhaled a deep breath and prepared myself to lie ... for him . 
 `` i did this , teren . 
 not you . '' 
 i gave him a warm smile while he frowned . 
 `` you were strong enough . 
 you turned away from me . 
 you turned away from him . '' 
 i cupped his cheeks , as tears spilled down mine . 
 `` you were so strong ... you did n't falter . '' 
 his eyes flicked to the corpse and he tried to turn his head back to the man . 
 i kept his face firmly pointing towards me . 
 dropping my voice , i repeated , `` i did this . 
 he attacked me and i defended myself . 
 i had no choice but to kill him and you had no choice but to survive . '' 
 i searched his eyes . 
 `` understand ? '' 
 he silently regarded me for a few moments while my lie sunk in . 
 so , maybe it was n't a full-on lie . 
 surely if i 'd given the man enough time , he would have attacked me , and i would have had to defend myself . 
 that was n't what happened though . 
 he 'd still been frozen in confusion when i 'd struck . 
 but i knew that if i ever told teren that , he would blame himself for not killing the man first . 
 in his eyes , he would always think that he 'd forced me into killing for him . 
 he had n't . 
 teren had made his choice to stay pure . 
 i had made my choice ... to save him . 
 i did n't feel like either of us deserved condemnation . 
 he nodded as he accepted my version of events . 
 i did n't know if he believed me or not , but he was going to let himself accept my scenario and that was almost more important than what he actually believed . 
 he opened his mouth , his fangs tucked safely away , and spoke in a quiet voice that ached with residual pain , `` i 'm still hungry . '' 
 i put my hand on his cool shoulder . 
 `` then let 's get you more to eat . 
 i 'll take you to the ranch now . 
 i 'll take you to your family . '' 
 he inclined his head in a brief nod , and with my help , stood . 
 he wobbled a little , and i put a hand on his chest to steady him . 
 we both paused and stared at my hand . 
 i flattened my palm and pressed it harder against his body . 
 nothing . 
 no faint pulse , no slight thumping rhythm , just ... silence . 
 `` i 'm sorry , honey ... '' i looked back up to his light eyes , `` but i think you 're dead . '' 
 i gave him a crooked grin and he finally truly smiled . 
 he laughed as he slung a weak arm around my waist and kissed my head . 
 `` thanks to you , i 'll be able to live my death without regret , '' he murmured . 
 he looked back to the man 's dry body and i knew he was adding in his head , too much . 
 his gaze returned to mine and his hand reached up to stroke my cheek . 
 `` i ca n't believe i almost attacked you . '' 
 his voice was strained with exhaustion when he spoke again . 
 `` i ca n't believe i almost did it . 
 i wanted to , so much . '' 
 he looked down at the ground , avoiding any eye contact with me . 
 `` i 've never wanted anything more ... and ... and i almost could n't control it . 
 i think for a moment , i stopped caring about everything ... everything but quenching the thirst . '' 
 he swallowed hard , and i could clearly see that the thirst was still with him . 
 i placed my hand over his on my cheek and he returned his eyes to me . 
 `` but you did n't attack me . 
 you barely even touched me . 
 do n't beat yourself up over things you did n't do . '' 
 my tone implied that i was n't just talking about him almost biting me . 
 he seemed to understand that , as he nodded . 
 his face was drawn and tired from his conversion , and i knew he had n't had nearly enough blood for a full recovery . 
 `` come on ... let 's go take care of you . '' 
 supporting his weight under my shoulder , i somehow managed to get his shaking body up the stairs , out the damaged front door , and around the missing floorboards of the porch . 
 once we were outside on the soft dirt near where the man 's rustic camper was parked , we both paused and took a deep breath , enjoying our freedom . 
 then a tremor ran through teren 's body , so i started moving us forward again . 
 i was n't sure how far away the ranch was , but i was pretty sure we 'd never make it walking . 
 we shuffled up to the camper , the glow from teren 's eyes on this moonless , cloudless starry night leading the way . 
 i helped teren sit on the ground by one of the tires , and he looked up at me , confused . 
 `` i need to get the keys , '' i explained . 
 he nodded , laid his head back on the vehicle , and shut his eyes , resting . 
 i leaned over and kissed his cool forehead , making him smile . 
 `` i 'll be right back , '' i said . 
 i carefully walked back into the shamble of a home , wondering where a madman might have thrown his car keys . 
 realizing that the man would n't have just casually dropped them somewhere while he had victims tied up below , i made my way back down the wooden steps to reenter the cell that had changed teren 's life . 
 and my own , i suppose . 
 i cautiously stepped up to the man . 
 as i expected , he was still lying where we 'd left him . 
 my stomach lurked at the sight of his pale body , and i swallowed to keep back the bile . 
 his throat was clearly torn open . 
 it kind of looked like an animal attack . 
 and even though i knew he did n't have an ounce of blood left in him , it did n't stop me from thinking that the man was going to spring to life at any moment and finish what he 'd started . 
 rolling my eyes , i pushed that fear aside , dropped down to a knee , and began rummaging through his pockets . 
 honestly , i had nothing to worry about . 
 this man was very dead , and that fact was n't changing . 
 apparently i had seen too many horror movies . 
 i was switching to romantic comedies from now on . 
 i found the keys almost instantly . 
 as i sat up , i noticed the bloody bar on the ground . 
 i also watched a lot of cop shows with my sister-she was obsessed-and while his throat might look like an animal attack , the blood on the bar was a dead giveaway . 
 i grabbed it and wiped away any fingerprints with my shirt . 
 some horrible fate had befallen this man , and even though we 'd only defended ourselves , i did n't need teren examined too closely by a group of curious policemen . 
 i looked around for anything else teren and i might have touched , but besides our belts , which i picked up and looped around my hand , there really was n't anything . 
 i kicked at teren 's blood in the dirt , hoping to mask it , but not sure if i was doing a good job or not . 
 i regarded the blood on the man 's jacket , but did n't think i could remove the coat from the large man by myself , and teren was still too weak to come back down here and help me . 
 there was a lot of the man 's own blood on it as well so i hoped it covered teren 's . 
 disheartened that i could n't do more , i wiped off every door knob on the way out of the house , and then i turned my back on it and the horrid memories inside of it . 
 teren 's glow indicated where he was still waiting for me . 
 letting go of the residual fear of that house and everything that had happened there , i sprinted back to him . 
 he was already looking my way and the glow of his eyes enveloped me . 
 i relaxed into that tranquil gaze , then noticed that he was wiping his mouth on his shirt again . 
 curious , i glanced at the ground beside him and saw a couple of dead animals , including one that sort of looked like a rabbit . 
 my lips twitched into a smile as i pointed at them . 
 `` did that help ? '' 
 he smiled briefly and then frowned . 
 `` no , not really . 
 i feel like i 'm being eaten from the inside out . '' 
 now i frowned . 
 i offered him my hand and he let me help him stand . 
 leaning back on the camper , he took a deep , steadying breath . 
 his eyes closed , plunging us both into darkness . 
 `` emma ... you need to put me in the back . '' 
 he said it so softly , i almost did n't hear him . 
 `` what ? 
 no , i want to watch over you ... '' his eyes reopened and the predatory look was back ... along with his fangs . 
 `` i ca n't be in a small space with you right now . '' 
 his eyes fluttered and the light shifted in and out . 
 a low growl escaped his throat . 
 `` you smell too good . 
 do n't tempt me , please ... '' i swallowed and stopped my body from shaking again . 
 `` okay ... okay , teren . '' 
 i left him against the side of the camper while i went around to the back . 
 it was unlocked and opened easily . 
 i turned around to go get him but he was right there behind me . 
 i had n't even heard him approach . 
 he eyed me up and down , his fangs still fully extended , and then he slowly bent forward . 
 his breath increased as he came closer and i found mine increasing as well . 
 he paused when he was almost within striking distance and with clear strain on his face , he retracted his fangs . 
 once normal , he finished his descent , moving to my lips instead of my jugular . 
 i gave him a tender kiss while i marveled that we 'd made it this far together , marveled that his cool breath and lips seemed to make mine even hotter ... a low growl escaped his lips and he yanked himself away from me . 
 he stopped the noise and , lightly chuckling , said , `` you really need to get away from me , emma . '' 
 i could see him raise an eyebrow as he studied me . 
 `` i 'll have you in more ways than one if you stick around . '' 
 i flushed and he watched the color fill my skin with a small sigh of longing . 
 shaking his head , he forced himself to enter the camper . 
 when he was at the top and about to shut the door behind him , i stopped him . 
 `` teren , wait . '' 
 he paused in shutting the door and his glowing eyes looked down at me with curiosity . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know where i am . '' 
 sighing as i admitted that i was clueless , i rolled my eyes and asked , `` where 's the ranch from here ? '' 
 he crooked a grin and pointed to where he could sense his family . 
 `` find a road that heads that direction . 
 when you find the main highway , you 'll know where you are . 
 if you get lost , just come back and ask me again . '' 
 he frowned then . 
 `` just do n't let me get too hungry ... '' `` right ... no problem . 
 will you be okay for the trip there ? '' 
 what i really wanted to know was , will you die again on me , if i do n't get you there fast enough ? 
 but i could n't quite bring myself to ask him that . 
 he seemed to understand my real question though . 
 `` the dangerous part is over , emma . 
 i 'm starving ... but it wo n't end me . '' 
 he twisted his lips . 
 `` i 'm pretty sure anyway . '' 
 ignoring that last part , i visibly relaxed and gave him an agreeable nod . 
 with a tiny grin , teren closed the door . 
 i made my way to the front , unlocked the cab and slid inside , tossing the belts on the seat beside me . 
 i fumbled through the keys on the ring and exhaled with relief when i found the one for the damn cuffs still hanging on my wrist . 
 i popped them open and rubbed the red , irritated skin . 
 then i tossed the cuffs onto the seat , where they collided with the belts . 
 starting the camper , i mentally prepared myself for the long journey . 
 not only did i have to figure out where i was in relation to the world , but i had to find a nest of vampires that i 'd never actually driven to . 
 should be fun . 
 it turned out to be easier to find the ranch than i 'd anticipated . 
 that does n't mean i did n't get lost ... i did . 
 after driving back roads for what felt like an eternity , i 'd finally given up and pulled over to ask teren where his blood sense was directing him . 
 remembering his last words , i 'd brought a peace offering with me . 
 i 'd driven by a small stand that looked like it sold eggs during the day . 
 figuring they probably had chickens nearby , 'cause ... duh , i stopped and darted over a small , wooden fence into a rundown yard that did indeed have a couple of henhouses in it . 
 i reached inside one and felt around for a sleeping bird . 
 then , when i was pretty sure i was holding feet , i yanked my hand back and stole a chicken . 
 yep ... that was what my life had been reduced to ... stealing poultry , so my boyfriend would n't attack me . 
 i ran back to the camper , while the stupid bird flapped and flailed about , like it knew it was about to meet its maker . 
 i stifled an oh my god , i 'm holding a chicken by its feet girly shriek and dashed to the back of the camper where teren immediately opened the door . 
 i tossed the bird at him . 
 he caught it , and drained it , all in one swoop . 
 when he was done he tossed the bird 's body outside and looked at me with scrunched brows . 
 i studied his still sunken face , but noticed that his skin did n't look quite so ashen anymore . 
 he looked minutely healthier ... for a dead man at least . 
 `` i ca n't believe you just stole a chicken for me . '' 
 he shook his head in disbelief as his fangs retracted . 
 `` i could have gotten it . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` you would have eaten the whole flock and that 's someone 's livelihood . 
 i just needed to know where to go , without you ripping my throat out . '' 
 he frowned as he pointed in the direction that we were already heading . 
 i guess i had n't been so far off after all . 
 `` i 'm not gon na - '' slamming the door in his face , i cut him off . 
 `` okay ... thanks . '' 
 he cracked the door back open . 
 `` really ? '' 
 he shook his head while i gave him a playful grin . 
 `` i 'll bang on the cab if you start going the wrong way ... okay ? '' 
 i bit my lip and nodded and he , more gently than i had , closed the door again . 
 so , with only that one little pit stop , we finally made it to teren 's parents ' massive spread of a home . 
 they were all outside waiting in the parking area when i rolled up . 
 they all had anxious looks on their faces . 
 alanna looked like she 'd been crying and jack , looking solemn , had his arm around her shoulders . 
 i was n't sure why they looked so panicked already , before we 'd even had a chance to tell them what had happened , but then i understood . 
 from the blood bond they shared , they knew he was in the camper and from their unbelievably perceptive ears , they also knew he did n't have a heartbeat . 
 what they did n't know was if i was bringing them a hungry vampire ... or a corpse . 
 i immediately put the car in park , shut off the engine , and opened my door . 
 `` he 's fine , '' i reassured them . 
 my words did n't seem to ease their minds one bit ; all three black-haired beauties flew to the back of the camper and ripped the door off its hinges to get at their son . 
 by the time i walked back there , they had already picked up his limp body and were herding him away from the vehicle . 
 he weakly looked up at me as halina and imogen easily supported his weight . 
 he seemed very tired . 
 after his chicken snack , i 'd found the highway , and we 'd driven a couple more hours at least before making it to the ranch . 
 he 'd been silent in the camper the entire time . 
 i 'd carelessly assumed that that was because i 'd been going the right way . 
 he 'd said before starting out , that he was pretty sure he would be okay for the trip , but as i studied his worn face , it was obvious to me that while the long drive had n't killed him , it had definitely taken its toll on him . 
 silently , i berated myself for not finding him something else along the way . 
 `` thank you , '' he whispered , and then halina and imogen blurred him from sight . 
 i had no idea which direction they went . 
 alanna put a cool hand on my shoulder . 
 i regarded her youthful face and thought she looked ten years older now , in her worry . 
 new pink tears rolled down her cheeks as she pulled me in for a bone-crushing hug . 
 `` thank you . 
 oh god , thank you . '' 
 she turned to flee to her son and i grabbed her arm . 
 `` take me with you . 
 i want to be with him . '' 
 alanna looked back at jack , who nodded to her after glancing once at me . 
 alanna scooped me up like i was no more trouble than a toddler and without another word , she blurred me to the pastures , where teren was laying waste to their cattle . 
 the next thing i knew , she was setting me on top of one of the tall , white fences that separated the different fields . 
 i could hear the sounds of low growling and distressed animals , and a shiver went up my spine . 
 `` stay here , dear , '' she said while patting my thigh . 
 her tone was kind , but very firm . 
 i nodded and watched her flit away to where the sounds were coming from in the tall grass . 
 i could n't see much in the dark , but their eyes marked where they were in the night , gorging themselves on clueless cattle . 
 i watched their eyes in a near trance for a seemingly long time . 
 i startled when a hand brushed my back . 
 turning , i saw jack standing behind me with his foot propped on the bottom slat of the fence . 
 his eyes were moist as he looked up at me . 
 `` thank you for bringing back my son , '' he choked out . 
 i nodded and swallowed back the tears that wanted to fall . 
 jack looked out over the field , at the glowing eyes dancing in the night like fireflies . 
 `` i do n't know what happened tonight ... and i 'm pretty sure i never want to know ... '' he looked back up at me , as i suddenly felt very self-conscious about my bloodstained clothes and beat-up face . 
 `` but we owe you everything . 
 you 're always welcome here ... daughter . '' 
 okay ... that undid me , and the tears flowed down my cheeks . 
 it had been a long time since a man had called me daughter . 
 my father 's own passing had left a void in my life that , until this very instant , i had n't even realized was there . 
 warmth filled my body that this loving man before me could be a part of my life in ways i had n't anticipated . 
 he could be a father for me , as well as for teren . 
 i suddenly wanted ashley to meet him ... to meet the entire family . 
 i wanted this ache that i 'd just felt start to heal , to heal for her too . 
 seeming unsure how to deal with my reaction , jack awkwardly rubbed my back . 
 then he climbed over the fence and jumped down to the other side . 
 alarmed i spouted , `` where are you going ? '' 
 i was pretty sure he was walking into the lion 's den in the middle of a feeding frenzy . 
 he gave me a crooked smile that was so much like teren 's , i had to swallow back tears again . 
 `` i thought i 'd lost my son tonight . 
 i 'm going to go watch him be reborn . '' 
 he held out his hand to me . 
 `` want to come ? '' 
 steeling myself , i nodded and jumped down to land beside him . 
 i clutched his warm , dry hand and followed him into the night , to watch my honey live in the only way he could now . 
 <br/> `` did i hurt you ? '' 
 his worried eyes flicked over my bruised face . 
 i shoved his shoulder back . 
 `` stop it ... i 'm fine . 
 stop worrying about me and kiss me like you mean it . 
 you do n't need to hold back . '' 
 he raised an eyebrow at my command , then grinning , he leaned in and ardently kissed me . 
 his cool tongue stole my breath for a second , until i got used to the new sensation . 
 his mouth moved to my neck , and i let out a blissful sigh as heat rushed in to replace the chill left by his lips , tongue and breath . 
 his hands slipped down my shoulders to the cotton tank top i was wearing . 
 it was only then that i realized i was in my pajamas , pajamas that had been packed away in teren 's car , the car that had been abandoned somewhere between our house and the ranch . 
 `` ummm ... where did these come from ? '' 
 i asked . 
 my voice came out a little husky , and a low growl escaped teren 's throat before he answered with , `` what ? '' 
 `` my clothes ... our stuff ? '' 
 he stopped placing kisses along my throat and looked up at me . 
 his eyes were smoldering , and i had to bite my lip . 
 `` gran and great-gran got my car last night , while i tended to you . '' 
 his eyes flicked down to the mattress and his voice softened . 
 `` they also took care of ... the farmhouse and the camper . '' 
 a shudder passed through me that had nothing to do with teren 's body . 
 `` oh , '' i whispered . 
 his eyes returned to mine and he searched my face , concerned . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i said immediately , before he could ask . 
 `` are you ? '' 
 he took a moment before answering . 
 `` i am . '' 
 his soft lips returned to mine , before following the path his hands had taken down my tank top . 
 he lingered on my chest , feeling my body react to him through the fabric of my light shirt . 
 scrunching the material up , he began trailing kisses down my ribcage to my stomach . 
 groaning , i ran my fingers through his hair again . 
 with a swift , cool lick in-between each kiss , his lips traveled across my stomach . 
 after he went past my belly button ... he paused . 
 i was about to beg him to keep going , when he softly spoke into my skin . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , emma . '' 
 i lifted my head to look down at him . 
 he raised his head to look back at me and pain was in his eyes . 
 `` i 'm so sorry i could n't give you a baby . 
 i know how much you ... '' sitting up , i grabbed his face ; my sore joints protested the swift movement . 
 `` you did n't fail , teren ... that was stolen from us . '' 
 i searched his sad face . 
 `` it was taken from us , okay . 
 you have nothing to feel sorry for . '' 
 i kissed him as he started to nod . 
 lying back , i pulled him over my body . 
 my hand ran to his shorts and started pulling them down . 
 breathing heavy , he broke away from my lips . 
 `` they can hear . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` they wo n't be leaving me out of earshot for a while ... sorry . '' 
 i brought his lips back to mine . 
 `` then they can listen ... i do n't care . '' 
 i stopped kissing him and stared at him intently . 
 `` i had to watch you die ... almost twice . 
 i 'm not letting a little thing like modesty get between us again . '' 
 he matched my intense gaze with one of his own . 
 `` i ca n't believe what you did for me . '' 
 i realized then , that he did indeed know exactly what i 'd done for him , even if he was choosing to play along with my version of events . 
 i rubbed his cheek with my thumb . 
 `` there 's nothing i would n't do for you , teren ... nothing . '' 
 his intense gaze softened into one filled with love , and he slowly shook his head . 
 `` you were wrong about one thing . '' 
 `` hmmm ? '' 
 i ran a finger along his strong , stubbly jaw . 
 `` i 'm not better than you . 
 no one 's better than you . '' 
 i gaped at him as i realized that not only did he know exactly what i 'd done ... he 'd heard me do it . 
 he 'd heard everything . 
 he knew everything . 
 he started to open his mouth , with what looked like an apology on his lips , but i cut him off . 
 `` do n't you apologize for my choice . 
 i do n't need it or want to hear it ... ever . 
 if i had to do it over again , i would change nothing . '' 
 i grabbed his cheek . 
 `` nothing , teren . '' 
 he kissed me then , and for a moment , i let myself forget that we 'd just been through a horrid ordeal . 
 that , while i put on a brave act for him , i was deeply remorseful for having taken a life , even a twisted one like that man 's . 
 that my life was now a touch more complicated with a dead boyfriend . 
 that my body hurt everywhere . 
 that we were n't entirely alone here at this ranch , or even in this room . 
 i let all of that go , and all that i let touch my mind , was everywhere this amazing man in my bed was touching my body . 
 and for the rest of that morning , a morning that i had been so sure last night i 'd never get to see , teren did his best to make me forget everything but him . 
 and he succeeded ... over and over again . 
 **** we stayed at the ranch , recovering and adjusting to teren 's new lifestyle . 
 his family sent the help away , claiming a family emergency was shutting them down for a while . 
 i was sure they 'd cleaned up the wagyu slaughter before sunrise , and none of the hands were even remotely suspicious of the family , but , as we 'd painfully learned , you can never be too careful . 
 well , i was n't entirely sure about none of the hands suspecting . 
 i 'd happened to be coming down the staircase when peter had been saying goodbye to jack and teren . 
 teren had shaken his hand and peter had looked at their shaking hands the whole while , with an expression on his face like he was doing math in his head . 
 when they 'd released , he 'd clapped teren 's shoulder and left his hand there for a long time as he 'd searched teren 's face . 
 teren had looked a bit uncomfortable under the scrutiny , and jack had even coughed once into his hand , but peter had only continued searching teren 's face . 
 finally , he released him and smiled . 
 he glanced at me as i hit the bottom step and then back to teren . 
 peter 's voice was rough , but very kind , when he told him , `` i 'm sure everything will work out just fine . '' 
 teren tilted his head and was about to speak , but peter turned and left the home . 
 i 'm not sure if peter suspected anything , but he was no dummy , and he 'd worked for the adams for a while , i 'd been told . 
 teren also told me that peter rotated the men he brought in with him and kept them under a tight leash while they were on the property , never letting them stray into the fields after dark . 
 i 'm no genius , but it seemed to me that peter alton knew exactly what the adams family really were ... and he protected them the only way he could . 
 once peter and the hands were gone , and we were alone here on the ranch , his family was morose around me . 
 sure , they threw on we 're - glad-you 're - alive smiles , even halina , which surprised me at first , but there was an air of sadness that filled the home . 
 their dreams of future children had died that day , right along with mine . 
 no one mentioned the loss to me . 
 i think they sensed that i 'd burst right into tears if they did . 
 but i saw the occasional sweep of their fingers under their eyes , or a body blurring from the room , if i entered at the wrong moment . 
 they were mourning right along with me and i appreciated that at least i was n't alone in my grief . 
 after a couple of days , the need to call my sister and let her know about the ordeal i 'd just survived was too great . 
 i called her early in the evening on a phone in the library , where i felt like i had some semblance of privacy ... even though i did n't . 
 i promised myself that i 'd be strong and not cry . 
 i did n't make it past , `` hey , sis . '' 
 brokenly , i told her the story of how we 'd been kidnapped and how we 'd gotten away . 
 i told her as much detail as i thought she could handle , only telling her that , in the end , teren did n't touch me and we 'd gotten away from the man . 
 i was pretty sure the women in teren 's family knew the truth about our escape , especially halina and imogen , who had cleaned up the mess . 
 i 'd forgotten , in my haste to get away from that nightmare with no trace of us left behind , that a couple of the vampire women in the family had experience in cleaning up crime scenes . 
 halina in particular had a lot of experience . 
 my sister listened to my story in shocked silence and just as i was sure she was no longer on the other end of the phone , i heard the sounds of someone rustling around . 
 `` how do i get there ? '' 
 she calmly asked . 
 `` ash ... i 'm fine , you do n't have to - '' `` some jackass just tried to kill my sister ! 
 i 'm coming over to see you , even if i have to drive around aimlessly to do it ! '' 
 i was about to tell her that we could get together in a few days-i was still really black and blue and i 'd rather be healed a little more before she saw me-when teren poked his head into the room . 
 i twisted my lips at the intrusion and he quickly said , `` i 'll go pick her up . '' 
 i blinked and automatically repeated that to ashley , without thinking too much about it . 
 teren blurred from my sight before i had a chance to even say `` wait '' and ashley , sounding both pleased and nervous , said `` okay '' and hung up the phone . 
 i hung up the empty line and wondered how that conversation had gone so much differently in my head . 
 almost two hours later , the family and i were standing in the parking lot , watching the lights of teren 's car bounce along the driveway . 
 filling myself with confidence , i walked over to where halina was leaning against her sports car . 
 she looked over and smiled crookedly when she noticed my approach . 
 i harbored no ill will towards halina , but she was n't exactly the most comfortable person to be around and she had an odd sense of humor . 
 nothing made her grin more than scaring the crap out of me and i was pretty sure she 'd love to make my sister wet her pants . 
 in my most menacing tone , i firmly told her , `` i will drag your sleeping ass out into the sun , if you so much as drop a fang at my sister . 
 play nice . '' 
 she gaped at me , surprised , and as i looked around , i saw that the other vampires were gaping at me too . 
 i straightened my shoulders and focused my eyes only on halina 's . 
 she started laughing suddenly , and slung a cool arm around my shoulder . 
 `` i like you more and more every day . '' 
 the rest of the vampires laughed . 
 jack even joined in , after alanna leaned over and whispered in his ear . 
 so , when teren 's car finally stopped and he stepped out to walk around and let ashley out of the car -lrb- such a gentleman ... even dead -rrb- , it was understandable that he was shocked to see halina 's arm still draped over me . 
 laughing at the look on his face , i walked over to his car and waited for him to help ashley out . 
 then i engulfed her in a ferocious hug . 
 she hugged me back just as tight . 
 `` do n't ever get yourself almost killed again , '' she whispered into my hair as she sniffled . 
 i pulled back to examine my horrifically scarred sibling . 
 she was the most beautiful sight i 'd ever seen . 
 `` i wo n't ... i promise . '' 
 ashley traced the outline of the bruising around my eye with a broken sigh and a slight shake of her head . 
 a tear dropped down her cheek as she looked over at teren . 
 at the same time , they both smiled at each other . 
 i was sure my sister had had some words for him in the car , both complimentary and admonitory , but they seemed to have come to a mutual level of love and respect for each other . 
 whatever fears my sister had for him and me , had hopefully dissolved with the knowledge that even facing death , teren had n't hurt me . 
 he 'd never hurt me . 
 i introduced my sister to my extended family . 
 they each took her in with a warm embrace and no outward show of fear or disgust for her appearance . 
 these were people who were used to out of the ordinary and they had a threshold for weird higher than most . 
 my sister 's disfigurement was nothing worth more than a cursory glance ; noted , then forgotten . 
 even halina gave her a genuinely warm smile and something seemed to pass between the two women when they hugged . 
 it was almost like they shared an instant connection ; two women who 'd had a horrible fate thrust upon them at too young of an age-outcasts from the world , trying to find their places in it . 
 i truly relaxed as i watched them embrace . 
 if my sister could bond with halina , then the rest of the adams family would be a snap . 
 and it did appear to be that way . 
 never leaving my side for long , ashley conversed breezily with alanna , talked at length with imogen , and gazed at jack in such a way , that i suspected she was aware of what role he could play in her life as well . 
 she even spent some time laughing with halina , and learning some russian phrases-phrases that i was absolutely positive were russian curses that would have made the kgb blush . 
 teren drove her back home an hour before dawn , after lengthy goodbyes and promises to return longer when she had a break with school . 
 halina looked disappointed that she was leaving , and told ashley to let her know if anymore foolish boys bothered her . 
 i hoped my sister was aware enough of halina 's nature to not take her up on that offer . 
 i was pretty sure that any frats who crossed halina would get more than a light nibble and a mind wipe . 
 a few nights later , teren and i were curled up on the couch in front of the massive living room fireplace . 
 his family was relaxing outside in their massive hot tub . 
 apparently the vampires enjoyed the near-searing heat on their chilly flesh even more than humans did , and from what jack had told me , their skin was a much hotter temperature for a while after leaving the tub . 
 i 'd tried not to think about the intimate implications of that , as i nodded at the man who was practically a father to me . 
 teren and i talked about some of the things our captor had told us . 
 my memory of that night was hazy at best-i had been smacked around a lot-but teren remembered quite a bit , even with the fog of pain he 'd been dealing with at the time . 
 `` so ... you 're not alone , '' i told him , as we lay side by side on the couch ; the heat from the fire caressed my back , while the coolness of my boyfriend 's chest gave my arms goose bumps . 
 `` you 're not the only mixed vampires . '' 
 teren looked over my head into the flames of the fire . 
 his eyes danced in the changing firelight as he thought about that . 
 `` yeah ... and all this time we thought we were the only ones . '' 
 he returned his gaze to me . 
 `` who knows how many of us are out there ? '' 
 i bit my lip as i searched his face . 
 `` will you try and find them ? '' 
 he looked back to the flames and pulled me tighter . 
 i laid my head on his silent chest . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 it 's tempting . 
 maybe ... someday . '' 
 `` you know i 'm coming with you , right ? '' 
 i murmured into his chest . 
 he laughed and kissed my head . 
 `` you know i 'm not leaving you behind , right ? 
 we vampires tend to stick close to what we like , remember . '' 
 i peeked up at him with a crooked grin . 
 `` does that mean you like me ? '' 
 without missing a beat , he answered , `` sometimes . '' 
 i playfully poked his arm and he laughed . 
 he held me close in silence and just as i was about to flip around to warm up my chest and cool off my back , he spoke . 
 `` he mentioned fourth and fifth generations . 
 he said that they were rare , and hard to spot , but if we could find some of the older generations , maybe we could see if diluting out vampirism is even possible . '' 
 i pulled back to look at him and a sad smile lit his face . 
 `` i know it 's too late for us ... but it would be interesting to know if it could have been possible for our line to remain ... alive . '' 
 he shrugged and looked sorry for mentioning it . 
 i swallowed back the surge of grief , and felt pleased that only one tear escaped my eye . 
 teren tenderly stroked it away . 
 `` yeah , it would be interesting ... '' `` i should n't have brought that up . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 remorse tightened his face as he stroked my cheek . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` it 's okay , teren . 
 it 's okay to talk about children . 
 we should talk about it . 
 we both lost ... '' i brushed another stubborn tear off my cheek . 
 `` besides , maybe one of these older generations has tried to turn someone . 
 we could find out if it 's possible ... '' he pursed his lips at me and i let it drop . 
 he still did n't want to talk about it . 
 i did n't want full vampirism for me , or even for my sister anymore , but if we could find a way to become like teren ? 
 well , that would be considerably more tempting ... although , drinking blood still seriously grossed me out . 
 i flipped over and snuggled my too-warm back into his cool embrace . 
 my arms and chest heated in the glow of the blazing fire . 
 slightly turning my head , i whispered over my shoulder , `` you and your family will need to be extra cautious from now on , now that you know there are people out there ... hunting you . '' 
 he sighed and kissed my head . 
 `` i told you not everyone is a fan . '' 
 i stroked his arm and pulled him tighter , savoring him being close ; i 'd been so sure i was going to lose him . 
 he kissed my head again . 
 `` you 're right ... we 'll be careful , more so than usual . '' 
 i rested my head on the crook of his arm and nodded . 
 `` and besides ... we do n't know for sure that he was working alone . '' 
 he said that last part quietly , like he meant for the others to hear it , but not me . 
 i had heard it , though , and i clutched his arms tight to me . 
 he was right ; we did n't know that for sure . 
 the man 's life had seemed solitary ... but we had no real way of knowing . 
 and if he 'd told someone about the nest of vampire ranchers that he 'd found ... a low growl vibrated against my back and i twisted around to look at teren . 
 he was staring into the fire , his eyes intense . 
 `` let them come , they 'll regret it , '' he said , his voice as intense as his eyes . 
 `` i 'm not so weak anymore and i wo n't be taken by surprise again . 
 no one will ever touch my family . '' 
 i swallowed and a shiver ran through me . 
 i hated the thought of teren 's family being in danger , of teren being in danger . 
 twisting back around , i closed my eyes and let that fear burn out of me with the heat of the fire on my face . 
 right at this moment , i was safe with teren and he was safe with me . 
 everything else would just have to be worried about on another day . 
 after a while , my face and body felt healed enough to leave , but the ranch was so comforting and welcoming , not to mention packed full of bursting-with-blood bovines , that we delayed returning to the city . 
 we delayed returning for the full six weeks , and before we knew it , november arrived ... and teren 's twenty-sixth birthday . 
 on that night , the girls surprised him with an elk . 
 i had no idea where they got it and the idea of them hunting the countryside for one and then lugging it back to the property , made me insanely happy . 
 i was giggling near uncontrollably when they showed it to him . 
 teren laughed at my reaction and then the rest of his family joined in too . 
 well , everyone except halina ; she was eyeing the elk with interest , and i was pretty sure that if teren did n't drain it soon , she 'd take a bite while his back was turned . 
 eager to give him my own present , which required far less clothing , i pulled him into the house when he was finished with his birthday meal . 
 his family stayed outside , only watching us flit indoors with amused expressions on their faces . 
 i supposed they 'd become a little accustomed to our physical relationship , and while i was n't going to let it stop me , it did still sort of ick me out . 
 walking backwards down our hallway , i started pulling off teren 's shirt while we kissed . 
 i successfully removed his shirt and flung it over my shoulder ; it landed just on the inside of our door . 
 teren laughed and started unbuttoning my top . 
 inside our room , the fireplace was burning away and a merry , orange glow danced across teren 's chilly flesh . 
 i backed him into the door a second after he closed it and ran my hands up his body . 
 he made a low growl deep in his throat and finished blindingly fast with my shirt , throwing it on top of his . 
 his hands ran up my back and i shivered . 
 his skin felt like he 'd momentarily walked into the freezer in the kitchen ; cool , just on the verge of being cold . 
 it was enough to send goose bumps racing along my skin , but not enough to be completely uncomfortable . 
 and after his skin left mine , i felt all the hotter for its absence . 
 we were the perfect blend of fire and ice . 
 teren pushed us away from the door and started making quick work of my jeans . 
 i started in on his as well . 
 `` happy birthday , baby . 
 i hope you did n't fill up on that elk , '' i whispered in his ear . 
 all i got from him was another low growl in response . 
 his lips trailed down my body as he sank to his knees . 
 he started pulling down my jeans . 
 when he reached my hips , he stopped and looked up at me , a little irritated . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 i tried to control my heavy breath , as i pushed his head back to my skin . 
 `` what 's what ? '' 
 he looked back up at me , like i was intentionally doing something to annoy him . 
 `` that noise ? 
 i 've been hearing it for a few days and it 's really distracting right now ... '' irritated myself now , i stepped closer to him , so he 'd refocus on the task at hand . 
 `` god , teren , i do n't know ... you could be hearing a moon landing with those ears of yours . '' 
 he sat back on his heels , further frustrating me . 
 i put my hands on my h * ps as he stated , `` no ... it 's coming from you . '' 
 embarrassed , i crossed my arms over my body . 
 `` i did eat a lot today ... '' alanna had been outdoing herself with gourmet food for jack and me ; one of her greatest joys was cooking , and she loved having some humans around to do it for . 
 i 'd been eating way too much and had definitely gained weight this time-my clothes were even getting a little tight . 
 i was kind of scared to step on a scale , and maybe just a touch happy that we 'd be leaving our love nest soon-so i could start eating more moderately . 
 he dismissively waved his hand at me . 
 `` no ... i know those sounds . '' 
 he brought his fingers to his chin , while he sat there thinking . 
 `` this is different ... it 's almost like - '' i cut him off , my face heating . 
 `` you know those sounds ? 
 teren ! 
 you do not have permission to listen to noises that my body makes . 
 we need to talk about boundaries . '' 
 he shot to his feet and took two steps away from me . 
 `` oh my god , emma . '' 
 i looked over his shocked face with scrunched brows . 
 `` i 'm just saying i do n't want you eavesdropping on my digestive track . 
 it 's nothing to freak out about . '' 
 his face broke into a strange expression . 
 he took a step towards me , cocking his head , like he was intently listening . 
 `` oh my god , emma , '' he said again , almost reverently . 
 my heart started racing at the odd look on his face . 
 `` you 're freaking me out , teren . '' 
 he looked down my body and then looked back to my eyes ; a crystal clear tear fell down his cheek as he regarded me in awe . 
 `` oh my god ... '' he took another step towards me and i stepped away from him , until the backs of my legs hit the bed . 
 confusion added to my trepidation . 
 my heart felt like it was going to burst right out of my chest . 
 i was about to yell at him to tell me what the hell was freaking him out , when i finally noticed where his eyes were going when he looked at my body . 
 the realization hit me at the exact moment his hand came up to rest on my abdomen . 
 my eyes flashed up to his . 
 `` teren , do you ... hear a heartbeat ? '' 
 a tear rolled down my cheek at the very idea . 
 his eyes flicked back and forth between mine as he nodded . 
 `` yes ... i think so ... '' my hands flew to my mouth as i physically held in a sob . 
 a baby ? 
 with the horror we 'd been through , and the lasting grief i 'd felt over the past few weeks , i had n't been paying too close of attention to my body . 
 we 'd been so sure that that future was lost to us that i had n't let myself consider the fact that i could have been pregnant before teren 's change and not known it . 
 heck , he could have very feasibly gotten me pregnant the morning of the attack , and i would n't have known it for weeks . 
 it was such a long shot , and it hurt so much to think about the possibility that i had n't let myself . 
 `` a baby ? '' 
 i whispered through my fingers . 
 instantly , the door to the room burst open . 
 i did n't even care that three , crying , eager women were staring at teren and me , half-dressed in our bedroom , with both of our jeans undone and his hand still caressing my stomach . 
 a baby ... teren held out a hand to hold back his family and surprisingly , they gave us space . 
 the room buzzed with excited energy though and my heart raced even higher . 
 teren brought his hands to my cheeks . 
 `` emma ... i need you to calm down , so i can hear the heartbeat again . 
 it 's too faint to separate from yours , when you 're so worked up . 
 can you try and relax for me ? '' 
 instantly , the light was shut off and the fire was doused . 
 engulfed in darkness , teren 's eyes glowed at me intensely , and i allowed myself to relax into his gaze , allowed his soft light to ease my surging heart and calm my breath . 
 `` good ... that 's good , emma . '' 
 someone flicked a light back on and i watched him drop to his knees again and put his ear against my stomach . 
 he looked up at me and frowned , before returning his head to my belly . 
 whatever he could hear , it was too quiet for the others to hear without skin-to-skin contact . 
 they held hands and silently watched teren . 
 none of them were even breathing . 
 suddenly , he sat back on his heels and gazed at me in adoration . 
 he slowly shook his head . 
 `` you may want to sit down . '' 
 a grin spread on my face at the relaxed look on his . 
 `` why ? 
 are n't i pregnant ? '' 
 his corresponding smile lit up his entire beautiful , dead face . 
 `` oh yes , you definitely are ... but ... '' my grin faltered slightly . 
 `` but ? '' 
 he smirked at me . 
 `` i hear two separate heartbeats . '' 
 i did n't sit so much as fall . 
 there was a mad rush of crying , excited women swarming around my body , like i was suddenly sacred to them . 
 not bothered one tiny bit that we were still half-naked , they hovered around us , congratulating and offering advice , for a good twenty minutes before exiting our bedroom . 
 i think the only reason they left us at all , was the fact that jack had tromped into the room and kicked them all out , after giving me a warm , congratulatory hug , of course . 
 finally able to stretch out on our bed alone , i snuggled into the crook of teren 's cool embrace . 
 our bodies entwined , and i smiled as teren 's finger drew lazy circles around my bare abdomen . 
 `` i ca n't believe we 're really going to have a baby . 
 i ca n't believe we 're going to have twins , teren . '' 
 i smiled up at him . 
 `` you do n't do anything halfway , do you ? '' 
 laughing , he kissed my head . 
 `` i hope you were sure that you wanted this . 
 raising vampires is n't exactly the simplest job . '' 
 i smirked at him . 
 `` raising any sort of child is n't a simple job ... and yes , i 've never been surer . '' 
 i kissed him and then pulled back with a frown on my face . 
 `` there is one thing we should talk about now . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 he smiled peacefully at me . 
 i propped myself up on an elbow ; my hair brushed over his shoulder . 
 `` well , besides the fact that i 'm taking over your closet when we move in together ... '' he smiled wider at that , but did n't argue , `` are you finally going to ask me to marry you ? '' 
 he snuggled into the pillows and raised an eyebrow . 
 `` i do n't know , emma ... '' he started chuckling , `` that 's a pretty big commitment . '' 
 i smacked his chest . 
 smartass . 
 i raised my own eyebrow in a very clear indication that he did n't have much choice on the subject-he was marrying me . 
 if i was going to be having his vampire twins ... then my dead boyfriend could at least make an honest woman of me . 
 he kissed my hand on his chest . 
 `` whenever you want a ceremony , you just let me know , but in my eyes , we were married the day i died . 
 the day i somehow managed to refuse your sweet , intoxicating blood ... and even turned down that psychopath 's vile stuff . '' 
 he paused and looked at me . 
 a thoughtful expression was in his eyes as they roamed between mine . 
 `` even though the memory of taking his life will haunt me , i 've found that i 'm ... grateful . '' 
 he smiled with one corner of his mouth and reached up to cup my cheek with his cool palm . 
 `` i 'm grateful to you , for not allowing my stubborn conscience to ruin our chance at a life together . '' 
 his smile suddenly switched to a frown and his hand dropped from my face to trail down my arm ; a line of goose bumps followed it . 
 `` i put you in a position i never should have . '' 
 i started to object , but he cut me off . 
 his small smile returned . 
 `` but you ... you saw to the heart of the matter , and did what you had to do , to save us both , and i love you so much for that , emma . '' 
 he rolled me on top of him and brought both cool palms to my cheeks , firmly holding me . 
 his eyes were suddenly intense . 
 `` the moment you spilt his blood for me , to save me , you became my wife . '' 
 i blinked back the tears several times . 
 darn romantic vampire . 
 `` teren , that was beautiful ... and a touch creepy . '' 
 we both softly laughed and the intense mood around us , lightened . 
 his palms trailed down both of my arms , coming to my hands resting upon his chest , where he lovingly stroked my fingers . 
 i smiled as i watched his content face absorb me . 
 `` i love you endlessly , teren ... but , i want the whole kit and caboodle . '' 
 i looked down at his chest as i interlaced our fingers together . 
 `` i want to spend the rest of whatever life i have left with you , and i want it official . 
 i want the cheesy music and the horrid bridesmaid dresses and a sea of flowers and my mother crying hysterically and my sister standing beside me ... '' i looked up at his calm face , his small smile matching mine . 
 `` i want the whole thing ... and i want it here , at your amazing family 's amazing home . '' 
 he was starting to nod , when as an afterthought i added , `` plus ... and this is almost just as important to me ... '' i looked him squarely in the eye as he cocked his head in question . 
 `` i know we 've kind of done things backwards , but i really have no desire to be an unwed mother . '' 
 he grinned and softly laughed as his eyes drifted down to my bare stomach pressed against his . 
 i laughed as well and added , `` i also have no interest in getting married in a dress from a store called ` just in time ' , so let 's do this quick , okay ? 
 how does a december wedding sound to you ? '' 
 he laughed in earnest , swept his cool arms around to my back , and pulled me down to his chest . 
 `` it sounds perfect . '' 
 he brought me all the way down to his lips and the word `` perfect '' echoed in my head as we kissed . 
 yes , somehow we 'd made it through and we were going to have everything we 'd dreamed about having-a home together , a strong marriage , two wonderful families ... two children . 
 i was sure there would be some difficulties ahead of us , and more `` big '' issues for us to tackle . 
 we 'd have to hide his secrets from our friends , coworkers , and my mom . 
 we would all be on constant alert now , watching out for anymore psychos who might wish teren and the rest of his family ... my family ... harm . 
 plus , someday , teren would have to come to terms with the looming threat of my mortality ; i would be separated from him one day , that was just life . 
 and on top of all of that , was the unknown element of carrying , birthing and raising mini-vampires . 
 but for now , for this one moment , none of that mattered , because everything was indeed as he 'd said ... perfect . 
 *** the end *** 
